Me and God.
First, let me be clear.
I am gay.
I have been gay.
All right.
Furthermore, I love sex.
Because of that, I will seek inappropriate conduct
at the Minneapolis Airport or anywhere else.
Again, I am gay.
And I should have told my family and my friends about it.
I should not have kept my wife because I am gay.
I'm coming out today.
I hope you appreciate my openness to all of you.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, Senator, former Senator.
Well, he's intending to resign and intending to stay around
and intending to get all the action you possibly can.
Gay.
Of that variety.
10, 1, and 5, 60, W.C.M.
So who was that guy?
Keith Jackson.
That came in this morning and produced himself.
That was Jason Jackson Miller.
And I said, boy, heck of a job in the exercise.
One of my favorite scenes of all time was when...
Demi, what do you do this to me?
I'm afraid.
Please, Demi.
I'm afraid.
And now let's see.
What's the rejoin one we're going to?
Come out.
I'm not every break.
They're going to be doing some jingles today because I don't have
a disc with a new bad voice.
Because clearance can't get his act together.
And clearance even got George Rodriguez on the schedule today.
He tend to do never change it.
Here's George.
Don't go getting many ideas.
You know, let's show you how sick the media is.
And how full of crap.
The sun settles and the story about the DJM's Kennedy finally
croaking to which we say, oh, you owe me a great
photograph.
I do appreciate it.
You won't believe you're having no idea.
And your vast audience of one kids out there
weren't even calling you to tell you, hey, guess what?
The old and the old and the old and the old and the old.
Nobody did.
You were the only one standing by his hospital bed holding his hand.
But anyway, the headline in the sun sent a says,
Kennedy remembered his pioneering evangelical minister.
Oh my God.
Is this talk about sucking ass?
Jesus God sucking dead ass no less.
Yikes.
Even quasi-motor would be embarrassed.
Now that's just pathetic.
Kennedy remembered his, it should say.
Kennedy remembered his bigoted hateful son of a bitch.
That would be more appropriate.
The James Kennedy.
He croaked in case you missed it.
Oh, he's right.
The town he's dead.
First year he fall well and now this son of a bitch and then
maybe Pat Robertson next.
What a year it'll be.
I don't forget what it all three in the same year.
And then maybe what's the other one's name?
Dobson.
Yeah.
James Dobson.
There's another one.
We can pray.
We can only hope.
Oh, poverty is dead.
Yeah.
Being competition by each.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Pollyarchy.
Yeah.
I still I don't understand why anybody listens to that.
Why anybody watches it?
It's just I don't get it.
I'm just not a suit.
I do have to be a suit to go to the opera.
It helps.
Yeah.
Famed opera tenor Luciano Pavarote appeared on stage with singers
is very to superstar.
Dame Jones Sutherland, you choose Bono and Liza Manelli.
Liza Manelli.
Oh my God.
Died today in Italy after suffering from pancreatic cancer,
manager Tim Terry Roffson said in the statement.
He was 71 and fat.
Big and fat.
Huge and fat.
The great tenor Luciano Pavarote died today at five in the morning
in this home in Modena of the city of his birth quarter,
Roffson.
The Maestro fought a long tough battle against the pancreatic cancer,
which eventually took his life.
The portly singer see that that's portly.
Yeah, that that's like the other headline about DJ and Kennedy
sending the big gigantic fat cow singer retired from stage
and offering 2004 was on a farewell tour of concerts when he was
diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2006.
Not only emergency surgery to remove the to to to to to to to to to to to to to
tumor.
Although the remaining conscience of his tour were canceled,
the management said he had hoped to resume the tour in 2007.
Guess what?
Surprise ain't going to happen.
He's dead.
Right.
That's bad.
Much is the star power of Rudolph Nureev and Mikhail Barishnikov
received widespread interest in classical ballet in the 70s and eighties.
Pavarote, these beaming charisma and bravorist style can't for the
attention to late 20th century audience for opera.
All ten of them.
There he is for me.
My profession is to try to be in the best like I've always done.
Yeah, go have some more pasta and they get back in the box.
Okay, back in the box.
Here's a Georgia's pool from yesterday boy 378 votes.
What kind of a number is that?
Well, it's not really late.
I mean, no, this is such a bad poll.
Come on.
Started late.
My fat ass.
Yeah, that's true.
This could be the worst pool you've ever taken.
What should Chris's nickname be?
Right.
What kind of a poll question is that?
I think it's important.
It's one of the most important polls.
Well, the audience didn't that's obvious that 378 votes.
He shouldn't have one on grenade.
You see when he shouldn't have one wins.
Uh huh.
That's not a really good indication that they're all whipped up about.
You know, they don't care about Chris.
Exactly.
With all due respect, I don't say that.
You know, it's not a shot, but they just don't care that much.
I know.
Chris P. cream 78.
Isn't that cute?
That is cute.
No.
Fat Chris 34.
Pinky 34.
Longhead 32.
That was my vote.
Longhead.
I think that says it all ballpark Frank 31.
I don't even understand that.
They plump when you cook them.
They're plump.
They lung.
Strike 29.
The fat dog 19 and 413.
That's not bad.
The fat dog.
We got the gay dog.
Little dog.
The big dog.
The mad dog.
That's the sports for a man.
A bunch of stupid crafts.
So I heard.
We all had excuses this morning.
George had some volcanic ball movements.
Oh, yeah.
On the throne is low.
So.
And I had to take my little Mexican buddy to the dentist,
which, you know,
oh, yeah.
Oh, brother, which he's got all kinds of cavities.
So they must have some tremendous practitioners in Latin America.
Yeah, I heard they have all kinds of cavities down there.
What are you trying to say back home, but at any rate?
And so I'm Chris had some other way.
He's got a cool.
He's sick.
He's going.
Correct.
So he was out buying like crap, you know, drugs.
And so everybody was in late this morning.
And if we would have been smart, we wouldn't have come in at all.
But anyway, I got a chance to hear some of the Joe and what's the guy's name?
Show Jason Jackson.
And love having Joe back in Jason came in and said,
hi and kiss my ass for a little bit this morning before the show.
But oh, so many spots.
No wonder Joe is screaming.
You'd be screaming too.
And this is a member when we first came there, he was screaming at Duff screaming
and yelling, oh, these spots is for bed.
How could we get any rate?
Remember that?
And now he's involved in the same thing.
So George told me many ago that before before the show today,
he was in the manager yesterday yesterday and ran into the fat Ray Perry,
who I still don't know what it is that he does there besides get the doff and tickets for everybody.
And if this is official title of smooth here,
and officially his Greg reads official schmoozer,
rhymes with loser, among other things, and any rate ran in him in the tea room and racing.
So what does Neil think about the new morning show?
And George said, what did he say?
I said, he said that they're overloading it with spots just like they did for the first thing.
They're going to destroy it.
They're going to destroy their ratings.
You're not going to have a rating number that you can sell,
but you people don't care about that because your penny wise and pound foolish.
And he went.
And that was it.
Yeah, that was really an extent of the conversation.
Or less, yeah.
Wow.
And he said, you just wait till those other 10 sports stations come on here,
but anyway to boil it all down to capitalize it for you,
those of you who may be missing some of this for shows.
What it's all about is this.
Can the cane score enough points to win this game?
And how many games old dolphins win this season?
And then that's it.
So you need to know.
So I saved you a lot of time.
I'm not just talking about a misdemeanor talking about across the street.
All these sports shows, local, local, that's all they know from every call.
That's it.
Can the canes do this and can the canes do that and will adopt and how many games they win?
I think they're going 10 and 6.
6 out of 13 votes since we're so number intensive,
we ought to get that numbers guy all whipped up to a frenzy.
The one you're just mailing it in that guy.
All you do is talk about numbers.
Well, I see some good numbers here every day.
I'll take it out right now.
Warming it out.
I think to myself just because I'm fat and old and ugly and you know, and disgusting.
Why won't you just let me come up to you and stick my tongue down your throat and give you a big kiss and a hug and take you home?
You know, don't we all think that all the time?
And we'll never stop and think about the fact they're looking at us thinking,
oh, look at that.
You know, I know disgusting faggot.
Sure.
Well, they don't think that, but whatever they think in my case, you know.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking, Jesus, God, come on home with me and let's have a good time.
Here's the poll.
Who is your least favorite to party QM host?
Now we did the one about the one you missed the most on Tuesday.
Here's the one you missed the least.
Mohawar David had winning in a landslide.
170.
That guy that called yesterday, you know, our Tuesday, you know that had to be bogus.
I mean, even Joel Feinberg isn't stupid enough to hire him.
Right.
Remember that guy?
Oh, it says on it, you know, it doesn't say anywhere, okay?
Although I think it's a great idea.
If I'm Joel, I hire a mole right now, put him on from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m.
All of the above 137, in other words, a Hubsay All-Andreer.
I don't miss any of them.
137.
Scott Farell, 77.
Missed him the least.
Goli 73, the Crow 48.
Kenny Walker, 37.
For guy who was only there for a cup of coffee, man, he sure pissed off a lot of people, including me.
That was the worst piece of crap.
Anyway, D428, Mark Eisenberg 21, Ron Hershey 16, your least favorite, and Joe Castello 16.
Who had all those bogus votes on Tuesday?
What did he ever wind up with, you know?
I don't know.
A staggering number of phony votes.
And I just had the feeling that he was sitting there, you know, he's got a lot of time on his hand.
How often does he do that show on XM?
Every day, every weekday, I believe.
He does?
Every evening, Friday.
Right.
On XM?
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm saying we can get going.
So he's actually got like a real job, you know, still.
Maybe that's what he's about to know.
There's phony or butt-sucking phone calls anymore.
God.
I like you, Joe.
You're a good guy, but don't ever call me again.
Oh, you want to be on XM?
And then of course, it comes back to me with the follow-up call saying, oh, well, they don't feel that the truck drivers that they're appealing to on XM radio want to hear some fat, fat,
like you are talking, not can religion and God and stuff like that.
And I said, oh, okay.
No problem.
I won't take it personal.
12 out of 10 at 560 WDQM.
Here's our schedule today.
I'm assuming the rest of the day the schedule is correct because it's got you on 10 to 2.
Clarence can't even do something as simple as this without screwing it all up.
He is the screw-meister.
Mad Dog 2 to 4, the power hour with Mad Dog and the Humper 4 to 5.
The Humper by himself.
At least I was in up for 2 or 3, 5 to 6.
That was funny.
Dolphins all access 6 to 7 because we have to kiss their ass because we got the dolphin games which is killing us.
Hurricane Hotline at the Rascale at 7 to 9.
Well, we got some purring and then Dolphins all access again 9 to 10.
Wow.
Followed by Game Night with 8K, 10 PM to 1 AM.
No Marling game tonight which is a real blessing.
They've only lost what?
21 out of their last something?
Yeah, about that.
And they're 20 games under 500.
And buried deep in last place in their division now.
Even the Unctions Washington Nance who just kicked their ass again yesterday.
Our three games ahead of them.
The last place, 20 game under 500.
And Boy, what a cool for Joel Feinberg across this week to get the Marlins and the Panthers.
You get a lot of baby.
Alright.
The field Rogers on Sportshold Radio WQAL.
The ground Jesus.
Michael Vick found Jesus.
They might get kicked off the squad so we found God.
Alright.
Michael Vick found Jesus.
He likes to wear the USK9s now every time.
If you're well known and you want to a tone call a preacher on the telephone.
Say you love Jaycee when you went to your plea.
Alright.
10, 18, at 5, 60, everybody.
Q. I'm happy Thursday to you.
I'll say stay September.
And the phone is his dead as a doer now.
How were your calls yesterday?
But today were some moccons.
Oh yeah, they were smoking something.
But they weren't calling.
They weren't calling?
You mean like this?
No, whatever.
There's not a call on that board man.
And another we got the new morning show with all the spots on it.
Joe Rosen, Kevin Costner, whatever his name is.
What was his name again?
Jason Jackson.
Jason Jackson.
Why do I have a tough time thinking about his name?
I don't get it.
Too many J.A.s.
It was a rape parion to show too that would put it over the top.
And Ray could do some live spots.
Why not?
5, 6, 7.
In fact, I'll tell you what.
Call in and we'll let you do your own live spot.
Today is Thursday so we got the two for one deal again at noon today.
River House in Fort Lauderdale is on today.
And he's our $50 certificate.
It's going for $25.
Am I right about that?
We got $100 of my believe?
Yes.
That's what the month mice do set.
You fair.
When she came in this morning?
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hey Neil, that morgue is commercial.
That guy said he has word like a thought he said?
No.
Oh, I take a look at it again.
I think you might hear it.
And you take it?
Marshall?
Yeah, the other morgue is commercial.
The guy said it.
No, the guy did not say it.
Listen, don't be knocking our spots okay.
Although that would be a lot of material.
$5.670560, pawn 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
Just say something.
That's all we ask.
We don't want you to say something intelligent.
Something important.
Something meaningful.
Something significant.
Something worthwhile.
Something useful.
Something, you know, just anything.
I mean, they still can't do it.
Is there anybody who lets the question?
Look at that.
This is very depressing to me.
This is even worse than Tuesday.
And I'm supposed to come and do this five days a week starting on Monday.
I don't know.
I have to really analyze this.
Although everybody I talk to, which you know, is a whole lot of people,
but they said Tuesday show was fine.
I thought it was great.
Yeah.
And why are you screening the calls again, you idiot?
Well, I wasn't sure if you wanted me to screen it or not.
No!
No, no.
It doesn't work.
Don't you understand?
It's really hard.
It doesn't work.
I've been doing it this way for a hundred years.
Don't pay any attention to Fat ass, jolly joe Bell.
Okay.
He doesn't know talk radio from that fat ass, okay?
Do not be doing that.
Sounds good to me.
QA-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
I like it.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
Tech of a job is screening, too, by the way.
There are Chrissy puts Reverend Jones on.
Yes.
He's a terrible screener.
He's the worst.
Yeah, maybe that should have been on the poll yesterday.
We'd had some votes, terrible screener.
Well, you put me in any back.
Yeah, what did I break?
Yeah, okay.
No thanks.
QA-M, hello.
I haven't talked to myself for two minutes and no one's been answering.
I guess he ain't screaming.
No, he's not screaming.
He's Neil, how you doing?
Why are you talking to yourself?
Well, this place will make you do it.
Yeah, you know what I would do in a month.
I would do that for years, so.
No, I'm not a lot of him.
Is there any live spot you'd like to do on a show?
Yeah, you know what I like to do?
What I want to do is I want to run Fred Thompson's campaign.
Basically take snippets from law and order and hunt for red October.
Yeah.
Twice them together.
I think we can get this guy in.
What a candidate he is, man.
What a jackass.
What a big bull heart.
I think I can get a big dicey up there.
If you look up the term blow hard in addiction,
or you'll find his picture next to it.
All right.
I love you, Neil.
See ya.
Remember all that anti-bubble business in the anti-generino business
and just blowing a lot of smoke in the Senate?
Bubble, bubble, bubble, always.
Here with a big stupid mouth.
That's Fred Thompson.
But he's been on television, like George says,
when somebody's been on television or in the movies,
there were big superstars right away.
That's it.
So let's make him the president.
Right.
Makes a lot of sense to me.
WDQ-AM, our favorite line.
Hello.
Yeah, we got a round of 20, too.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm going to go dance on his grave.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just received a call and you're using my voice or something.
WDQ-AM, yeah.
Everybody's using your voice.
It sure seems like it.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, I need to help.
Yes, sounds like it.
I got a, yeah.
I was in a heated conversation with some of my right-wing
conservative friends the other day.
And I was mentioning all the scandals.
It all riddled this administration.
And one specifically was the Valerie Plain,
the Joe Wilson, the Owing Valerie Plain.
And my buddy said to me, well Todd, Valerie,
she was never cold-rooted.
She was never undercover for say-
Your friend is an idiot.
Your friend is a moron.
Tell him to read something.
In fact, go on an interview and read something to him, okay?
Well, why are people this stupid?
Is it possible we're going to have an election next year?
Well, why have an election?
Why even bother?
Why waste the time?
Although Oprah's coming out from Barack Obama,
you know, as much as I like him a lot,
and I support him, and we'll vote for him 20 or 30 times,
the fact that Amanda remains that, you know,
if we're going to depend on Oprah to get the women's vote,
well, yeah, we'll take whatever we can get.
That's right.
642 votes.
I bet we're going to do 1,000 today, Chris,
and then you'll fear us after you guys did 348 yesterday.
And by the way, Chris, you're a terrible screener.
Okay.
That's what somebody says.
So that's another reason for you not to screen the calls.
But you don't want to do it anyway, right?
Exactly.
You'd rather croak than have to do that.
Correct.
And I don't blame you.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
What still in Paul's material would the gift the gift give?
Yeah.
Very, very dear to dear to dear to dear to you.
Very funny.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
That's a very angry game state, our lumber.
Very, very dear to you, dude.
Not bad.
Let's record that and get it on the morning show for tomorrow.
I mean, seriously, you know what I'd like to do?
I wish, I don't know.
Can you go in and see the log?
Can you sneak in there and take a look at the log?
Yeah, of course.
To the morning show.
Yeah.
And count up for me.
How many spots they ran between 7 and 10 this morning?
Okay.
I'm not talking about live spots.
Just total number of minutes.
Yeah, no problem.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Any other morning?
Yes, sir.
When is the end?
When is the end, sir.
Hey, I have a question.
This morning show, like, Kenyann Bolshaw, I agree with you 100%.
That was a disaster.
The worst piece of garbage ever to make final tubes on a transmitter glow.
Rhymes were glow.
I agree.
But do you blame someone on the PD or on the Kenyann Bol?
I mean, are their hands kind of tied?
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
All of these things.
Really?
Because this is the Joe Rochel.
I mean, I love Joe, but they're blitchering with the all these live spots and commercials.
We're gonna have all the coaches on every day too is that gonna be a regular every day thing?
I'm gonna open house and
He didn't have to know wait a minute true was on your horse now. Yes, it was on true was on your
No
Oh my god, I'm gonna kill ourselves. There's been nice knowing you
Okay
Oh
Standing line. Oh
I'm gonna blow my brains out if I can find where they are. Oh
I'm sticking that gun right in my leg and blow my brain
Drew Rosennas was on the winner these people gonna learn
Whether they ever gonna learn stop
Remember that song about the Holly stuff stuff stop if you got it. Yes, I got
And I have down and I have down and I remember that fire my player over here kind of a whiny sound
I want to win. Yeah, I'll find the least favorite Holly song possibly. I didn't say it was a good song
I just asked if you remember I do stop stop stop
That's what somebody needs to put up a stop sign right there and when when you come in that door
Stop doing this stop butchering up the morning shows, okay? Just like with Stern air every morning show they've had on it
Put you up sure they did the worst team then they put Stern on here
And they were dumping every time anything he did they were dumping it and playing classical music in the background
They turned the Howard Stern show into a piece of Swiss cheese on the stand still had big numbers and we had huge numbers in that book remember that
Huge humongous gigantic and then it's oh we can't have this on the earth
We're talking about the first place. There is the Holly
Nothing like a good piece of Holly was lunch
I
Wow, I drew Rosenstein crans shorts was on this morning with Joe yesterday. Oh
Well, maybe maybe they're gonna rethink that
Boy it's hard to be home
When you're from a conservatist days
Can't wait to have a gay meeting
After preaching self-righteous hey
Too lonely is to love me
Just grab my senator Glenn
Oh boy, it's hard to be homo
Still I'm doing strange guys in the can
Anna Boyle are he can share belt them out can he 658 votes on awarding pool not a call. Oh, there is one honor actually five six seven oh five six
Why that's who that is how do you know that I don't think you're wrong on line six no chance
I am hello
You know what drew rhymes with PU keep him off the radio and
What do you do? Yeah, oh good? I know you don't like the last part of that. Yeah when you were close
Yeah, you were close you wouldn't be close to category
Yeah, who post for comfort
five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty and the Verizon singular right?
So I'm surprised that the serial connection guy hasn't called yet today. So you want to
Yeah, let's hear about how many spots we ran in morning drive between
The daddy keeps action show all right in the seven o'clock hour there was eight live spots
16 recorded spots and a partridge in peer tree. That's 24 minutes correct
Well now some of them were 30 seconds, but then oh rarely is a last by the way a minute right so you got you know
As they're producer was saying exactly I didn't I didn't ask you to go through a whole
Analyzation like here's some kind of a programming expert. I just for the number. I'm a face at a clock hour is seven lives
17 recorded spots. Yeah, and seven lives 17 recorded in the nine o'clock hour
See I asked you for the number of minutes not for the number of you know, all right
Well, they number each each break is log at five to five
Producer fat sack. What was he saying? He was bitching and learning about it to yeah
You know there's no
Extend it that we have Joe Rose back here because he's like a real broadcast during a good guy
But why is he shouting all the time even on that last spot we played he was shouting screaming
And at the end of the show this morning he was screaming and shouting do you notice that yes?
Maybe that all that time over there with Joel is turned the Joey was screamer
I don't know what that's all about screaming and shouting it
Maybe it's just me and my old my daughtering old age now okay, maybe I'm just a can't handle the shock of all the screaming
That's going to hit too loud you're too old. That's it
All right good point WQ I am hello
Yes
Yes, I
You killed Nicole you're the one?
Okay, go see O. J. and the golf course. He's looking for you WQ I am hello
Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I saw you posted
article by Greg palace last week about New Orleans. Yeah, I tell you that guy is a good writer
Yes, he is that's why he has to live in Britain because they'll put him in a who's got here. Oh, man
That's so unfortunate. I had a journalism degree back in the 80s and that ain't worth toilet paper anymore
No one would hire me, you know for the yeah, well based on your personality. I can understand why
650 and votes on the pool and speaking of the website I just forgot my point
I had something very extraordinarily important to pass along just it just passed right on by that's old age agency
Just wait till it comes back to you. No, it will come back
They're probably like a 201 and then I'll interrupt the mad dog show and say oh guess what the world's coming to an end and somebody will say
Well, what does it have to do with sports? We're gonna cancel the games. We're not gonna cancel the games. Are we Neil?
56705 60 pound 5 60 leaf arrives in singular wireless line. Let's get these phones spoken
Okay, we've got to get you people back in the habit of getting these phones all wired up cuz starting on Monday here
I'm gonna be here every day in five days a week whether you like it or not George likes it. It's like do well screw you
Slacker yeah, right W2 a.m. Hello
Okay
Yeah, this nail
I'm still doing
What do you got schmuck
Let me ask your question
Can I ask your question
He can't know he can't go that he can't carry that car
Look at how many votes we have on a pool or nearly I wouldn't mention it again because that would be ponderous
That guy would call back again. Give me that song a dance about mailing it in 666 all right 666 baby
I think it's a sign of the times if you ask me. I think the antichrist isn't south for what I think his name is Jolly joebell
Fat jolly joebell. I think great period is like antichrist, Jr
Wtq. I am hello
Hello, yes
Who's this you call me but
Here you what I
WQ I am hello
Your boring pal you're pathetic you're one of the words Q. I. Am hello
Portley today who
Portley whom that's a screener. Where is he and why do you want to date?
I'm kind of desperate. Yeah, so I'm not WQ. I am hello
Q. I. Am hello
Pretty weak WQ. I am all on
Yeah, listen, I was in a supermarket bathroom and
And this gentleman next to me was kept jingling his keys and got a lot of water on my back. Oh, that's a sheer sign. Yeah
Is that a good sign? Yeah, that's a bad sign. Muzz a good sign if you're you know horny. I guess
Maybe with Sandy Claus. Maybe it was giving you a little jingle 5 6 7 0 5 60 and
Pound 5 asked me if he was Jolly. Okay. Maybe it was fat ass Jolly joe you never know
And
And pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line keep pumping those numbers baby get used to it
You're going to be doing it for a year and a three or four months whatever it is nice that that paycheck showed up early yesterday
Can you believe that on the fifth? I believe it must have been a mistake
Maybe they're going to ask for it back had to be a mistake remember the one time to give me I mean once in a while
They do something really stupid and good, you know
I mean stupid and bad is like when it shows up late
one time they try to pay me twice
Remember that it's a long time ago. Yeah four years ago and they've already sent a check to the house
And then I come in to work the next morning and there's another paycheck the same amount and
Of course, you know if I would have been stupid
I would have just taken the check and cashed that one too and people say no that wouldn't have been stupid
They would have been smart. You're like when they when they caught it
I mean like I'm like I'm gonna like lie about not getting the paycheck that would have been really good
I would have wound up getting written up for that and you know nothing worse than getting written up by the beastly
I have these folders you know everybody's got a file and when they write you up all boy
Then they take away your tea room privileges
W.A.N. Hello
Yeah, I want to speak to Neil speaking
Yeah, this isn't Neil
Let me say it again. So hang up. Okay. Yeah, if you don't think it's Neil or talk to somebody else
What can I do for you sir?
I
Think about this week's games are lose every game they play from now until the year 25
That's what I think about the canes. I think they suck and I think you suck, okay, and I didn't think you'd get any good call today
You're gonna give a lot of great calls, okay? You know something I was thinking about this yesterday for about 10 seconds
Because all I care about is getting paid at this point by these great-rovers by these lunatics
When you tell me that Drew Rosencrantz Dean Schwartz of a bird was on again this morning
I want to get down on my hands and he's in puke my guts out
I want to vomit meals that I ate 50 years ago, okay?
So what happens if I tell you he also read a life spot oh
No, are you just making that up or why I swear he read a life spot would it was a little Rosencrantz read a live spot on a Joe
Roe show this is an infomnia
This is on it. Let me say it again unacceptable is what it is
You know, or other than in what is it like Carson City? Where's it in the vaguen Nevada that it's a prostitution is legal
Carson County, yeah, they're about right somewhere where it's legal not in Vegas per se
But like just outside of Vegas the prostitution is legal this is the biggest warehouse on the face of the earth is this radio station
I've never seen for if you got a buck will will say a bunch of crap. Oh, we're gonna give you a 400 mentions remember that
We're gonna give you 400 mentions and then they would put a poor Miguel who got stabbed in a back in can
Who ought to be crossed the street by the way poor Miguel would have to write these the liners that I'm supposed to read and I refuse to read him
Remember those days sure because they kept promising. Oh, well, we'll give you like 7,000 mentions
You know if you just give us some money just give us a bag of money. It will give you a lot of mentions on here
And then of course the people that do really actually buy spots and spend a lot of money. We can't be bothered servicing them
Cuz they oh copy eight us
You know like Gary Sarner copy eight us and Hank Guerrero is he still there by the way?
Hank Guerrero is still there. Sure. Oh my god one Hank is enough for us
One of them's got to go
Well, Rosenhouse my ass
Okay, now before I play the bit here, let me just ask you a question
You just played the rejoin with a guy that we're not supposed to be a plane his voice
Oh
Not well, it's yeah, it's in the rejoin bin and so you know that was their fault
It's in the rejoin bin and who put it there couldn't be clearance could it good morning americans. It's Paul Harvey
standby for news
John walks into a bar and says
Hello bartender give me two shots
Pete the bartender says you want them both now or one at a time
Jason replies, oh, I want them both now ones for me and ones for this little guy here
And he pulls a tiny three inch man out of his pocket Pete the bartender says he can drink
Certainly he can drink says Jason. So Pete forced the shots and sure enough the little guy drinks it all of that's
amazing
Says Pete the bartender what else can he do can he walk
Jason clicks a quarter down to the end of the bar and says hey, Jake go get that
Sure enough the little man runs down to the end of the bar and picks up the quarter and runs back down and gives it
to Jason
Pete the bartender is in total shock and again repeats that's amazing
What else can he do does he talk
Jason says you're he talks
Hey, Jake tell him about that time we were in african you made fun of the witch doctors powers Paul Harvey good day
Good day 1046 14 for 11 at 560 W.A.M. Q.A.M. Hello
Oh
Hello, oh Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm good. How are you?
Dow Jones industrial averages up six. You know what up yours
Thank you. Up yours. Up yours. You're welcome
685 votes on the poll we don't care about you and your stupid ass stock market okay your schlock market
Once before the Iraq invasion president was apparently ignored a 2002 Oval Office briefing in which CIA director George tenant
Provided the president with intelligence that Sada was saying did not possess weapons of mass
Destruction according to former Clinton advisor and salon commissity Blumenthal
Reporting in salon Blumenthal writes that according to his sources two former CIA officers
Bush dismissed as worthless this information from the Iraqi foreign minister a member of sedoms inner circle
Although it turned out to be accurate in every detail. Ten it never brought it up again
Blumenthal also adds that the intelligence from that day was left out of the national intelligence estimate about
2002 which definitely stated that he had WMV the president had no interest in the intelligence of CIA officer
Disclosed Bush didn't give an F about the intelligence. He had his mind made up. I didn't like that
That's the headline here salon former CIA officers report Bush didn't give a F about intelligence. How do you like that?
Effing idiot
F and Zimbabwe's junior
But nobody cares about that anymore because Fred Thompson's running for president. He's on television. Isn't that important stuff? Sure. What are
68 and a pull we're going to do a thousand votes today. That's really going to be great and then of course lung head there
He's going to say do you I don't know what happened yesterday that pull about me and my nickname?
Hey, I had no problem like it and votes on that thing
I do I have a big problem with it. Why I apologize
We got those certificates in just over an hour now. Well hour and 12 minutes for the river house coming up
We got a hundred of them 50 dollar certificates for 25 bucks
And it's going to be a little bit slower doing it
You want to know why because when you go to qm.com now in order to get to the regular page
You have to click pass the words as Joe Rosen the keep Jackson in the mornings now whatever it says there
And then you have to go through like a second step
Like a two-step program
WQ way and hello
Neil yes, sir
The other day I was listening to your program and uh
Rick Charles on yeah, and they you're talking about real radio. I think it was a website. There's all the old
DJs and I logged onto that thing and that's really cool
Listen to that
So the guys were something else was cows back in the 50s and 60. Yeah
I'm the one got some closer your age of 61 and uh really enjoyed listening to the
brought back memories
Well, I've run yeah brings back memories to me when I used to really be in radio. Okay. Have a great day, sir
56705 60 when there were personalities when there were people at something to say when there were people who were entertained
People who were like interesting and could actually do a show and like but it beep but it would but but not anymore
Now in fact, I'm beginning to fear my worst fears are now being uh, you know confirmed today
With these reports on the news and not just about the spots
But about the Drew Rosenstein thing about the fact that they're gonna put the same infectious garbage in the morning show
No matter who the hosts are now. Why did you think that anything would be different?
I was hoping I was praying that Joe Rose would have enough for Hutzpah enough balls to say to them
Hey, if you think you're gonna butcher the show up again
But he was so desperate to get away from Joel finds the raw rugburg whatever his name is across the street
That he came back to us again because he's a masochist. Maybe that's why he's screaming so loud
That's a good point. The pain is so bad. He can't endure it
What is it? I said, that's a good point. I hadn't thought of that. It's an excellent point
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, if you go to Reverend John's dot or W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Bring back big Wilson
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Hello
Yes
Yeah, I want to talk to him
speaking
Yeah, hey
So now that we're doing the screenless again, let me just say this to you. Okay, anybody who causes is
I want to talk to Neil when I answer the phone is gonna uh hear the dial tone real fast
We'll make an exception for you momentarily. Yes, sir. Okay. I was just gonna say don't count friend tops and out
We elected Sonny Bono and
Gilper from the well-phote
Yeah, that's scary. Well good luck to you, sir
And don't forget about George Murphy and Ronald Reagan. Don't forget about all of it and Arnold
Don't forget about Arnold, okay? There is nobody too stupid for the American people to like sells short, okay?
The dumber the better. That's what they like. Dumb be us
Where is it? Dumbos be us
Well, look at that after its decade log run Matt Rugges indicated radio talk show is about to end
It's about to end you fairy
According to industry trade report and regional media blogger based in Ohio
These sources have September 30
Is the final program date for misfudge that self-aiding fag
Created at the peak of Dredges Monaco, Lewinsky fuel fame the show was confined to Sunday evenings apparently at his insistence
At the time the internet star said even offered a weekday show but chose the weekend slot instead
I wonder which slot he likes best now
That proved a smart strategy on Sunday many of the nation's biggest talks stations picked up the show were it remained under the radar for a number of years with little competition
By contrast the weekday our waves have long been crowded with far more syndicated shows than the market can absorb
And another benefit was the fact that Dredge was able to use his site to promote the show which proved especially effective
Pettling his right wing paranoid self-aiding crap
What's causing Matt's radio accident uncertain? It says here. This is from what what is this from
A site called radio equalizer. I have no idea what it is
um
Anyway, it says um
Rumors are that the drug report kingpin spends a lot of time traveling these days often leaving site updates to others
And so far at least judges made no public comment on these reports
Since an eddy based host Bill Cunningham has said it be taken over the program
But it's hard to say what their most premier radio affiliates will carry the new show or if this slot will be observed by additional weekend
Reruns and infomercials and then here's an update at the bottom
It says the mainstream media not picks up the story since an eddy inquire reports of Cunningham is indeed being given the show
According to the paper he'll be less political on air than drudge
Which frankly sounds
Asanaan as we headed to one of the most exciting western cycles in decades
It says and addition the article only seems to guide the mystery of why exactly Matt is leaving the show
So far not a word about the situation at his at her own site the fudge report
Aren't you said by that news? I'm weeping can you hear it?
He won't be on every Sunday to keep mentioning me at least 20 30 times on the show either
700 votes on the world famous pool your least favorite department QAM host
Moe Howard David had surprisingly shockingly is leading
Aren't you shocked not
186 they hate you moe
In fact every day they hate you a little moe
All of the above 155 Scott for round 92 that's kind of surprising least favorite
The only 82 the crow 52 can you walk her 42
least favorite he gets my vote
The 431 mark isonberg 23 Ron hercy 19 because nobody remembers who the hell that is and jokestellos got only 18 last place
This is a good poll to be last place on
No misfoges leaving the airways all well the paranoid right wingers do now on Sunday night
Maybe just do each other
WQAM hello
WQAM hello
Okay sir
That
Really
Maybe he's crossing the street he ain't going over there you're dreaming pal
Is this the same guy that called to tell me that Moe was going across the street?
No
Get a boy scout to help him all across the street okay sweetheart
5 6 7 first of all a Joel Feinberg already say wouldn't touch Hank with a 10 foot pool maybe got a shorter one
And pound 5 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line
There is not a single call on the board there man nothing zero zip but he do
Zipity a and you're telling me that I'm starting Monday five days a week of this crap. That's right
You got to be dreaming mr
There is no way but I'm struggling spider you I'm not gonna go back to four hours of reading those bedtime stories
If you need you have to be really they do what you want to do now. I'm gonna do what I want to do sleep in
Don't do that WQAM hello
WQAM hello
Radio Steve Nicol here. It's called we're gonna be oh yeah Steve Nicol here doing his rubber Jones imitation yet really good Steve
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 keep him coming baby. That's the thing they can't even keep him coming
Have to keep pumping those numbers how do you do yesterday told me the phones were smoking no I said they were smoking but the phones were dead
They were dead
Worst in this I don't know about that no I wouldn't I wouldn't say that
I'd say this is about me. I say we've scraped the bottom right now. I can snip the barnacles right now. We've scraped the bottom
Nobody QYM hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir
Well, you know what's incredible. I don't know if you'll agree with me, but I think you will
That there's a lot of bomber over the US with six new clean overheads
Yeah, the bomber and they could have blew it. They could have blew up the path to country. No, they couldn't yeah
How much families were that have done none? Didn't let me ask you this did it happen
Someone's a point to the matter. Go back to sleep
Bombs don't go off exactly bombs bursting in air. Maybe that's what America's all about the bombs bursting in air
Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da that's what it's all about baby the bombs bursting air when a bomb a grande
Let's drop a big bomb George dropped several big bombs this morning's what he told sure to might not be done really
I dropped a big bomb, but the Solomon thing. Oh no just enough. That was all I needed
750 votes. We don't want to get into that because it sounds a little bit
Excriptory to me. You know what I mean? Oh, you don't want to get Joyce all with that?
In a frenzy that nasty hostile unacceptable bitch over there in Naples who wouldn't know a radio if you shoved six thousand them up or
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello
No
Let me say it again. No
Wow, I also haven't watched Chris Angel the a mind freak or whatever that's your with
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah, you're good friend Kennedy died
No, no, no, is this a bulletin? Yeah, this is the Neil Roger show
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident and an airport
A defiant statement from Idaho Senator Larry Craig
I am not gay. I have been gay
I'm the whole I'm the whole all right. Let's have a little coming out party come on out and show us what you got
You go I am not gay
I have been gay
I go I go I
Go
In 1982 the newspaper reported Craig had sex with a man in a bathroom at Union station in DC
But now I know your day so it's all good girl friends
It's 1102 at 560. No, who Larry Craig reminds me of Ray Perry
How's that after it died? I don't know. He just reminds me of oh
I'm gonna say what are you trying to say? I'm like a pumpkin. That's what I'm trying to say
718 votes on our award winning pool and sport in Hollywood whose the mood is lethargic on my space when somebody says they're mood is lethargic
What does that tell you?
Uh, that they're an average typical self-loatheian at least. Uh, where I would expect hostile
I guess he finally responded and I told you he was chewing me out because I said the one day last week
I won 800 bucks of woodmine and ran out. Mm-hmm
He says I thought when you said you ran out that you won 800 and then gave it back no, but he thought I meant I ran out of all
Oh, he misunderstood you
Oh
And then he tells me he liked online gaming who'd play 50 bucks for hours and per chance
I think really quickly and have some sort of magic on this so I could use that to play more he says
Wow, get yourself a life sweetheart looks to me like you're really desperate
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on a Verizon singular wireless line. So anyway, I'm thinking that
Last I started this about a half hour ago and then you interrupted sorry
I was thinking last night that what we could rename the show is Neil talks to morons for four hours
Which wouldn't be anything. Yeah, we don't have to rename this. That's all. I think they know that right
Many times over the years people have asked what I do for living and I'll say oh I do a talk show and they'll say well
What kind of a show isn't I say I talk to a whole is it for four hours every day?
I give you a lot of money to talk to morons for four hours every day
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil you have to pay back. Yeah
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, yes sir. Oh, yes. I wanted to see if Neil had heard about Michael Vicks dogs
exchanging gate dog sex for victories. If you knew anything about that
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Neil
Yes
Jim DeFese is gone. He's gone. Maybe he blew up. Maybe he exploded. I think
Yeah, I just saw it. He's not even on their website anymore
Who's they?
What state what station was he on?
He was on 940 wins. Yeah
6 to 9 and he is gone. He's gone. I'll be damned
I'm gone. See you
You're gone
Jim DeFese is gone. I wonder if he sounds so depressed. Jesus Christ almighty man
You know what's like I remember I talked about when I was a kid
He used to flip the baseball cards with my friends and even you did that even though you hated baseball
We would ask him that flip that that's what's going on
I was like you know like you're a deck of cards and we're like foot them one over here
And this one's going over there and this one's going across the street
I wouldn't be surprised if some of our people between the and waxy and us bump into each other across the street
On the way you know what I'm saying. I sure hope they don't bump into the hump
Talk about getting real-rooted that was funny
5 6 7 0 5 60 see back in the day when I used to do this the phones would be smoking when you're doing screenless
There's no excuse under the sun for having to pump the numbers when you're doing screenless unless of course you have nobody listening right
And pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line especially with all the crap that's going on these days
I can't think of too much except for Larry Craig doing that toe tap and routine in the T-room
And Fred Thompson's going to run for president which everybody already knew and he goes on that right wing
Foney Jay Leno showed a one-ounce it remember Jay Leno introducing Arnold
Sure, oh brother. He embraces every right wing a piece of turd that comes down the pike Jay Leno. There's a talent not
Wtq. I am hello
You know, I'll tell you one thing if he had like a normal chin. He wouldn't make 50 cent
Wtq. I am hello
I have six 1960s Arab stuck up your ass. We know it WQ a and hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah
Neil I'm so glad that Jim DeFeed is gone. He was very boring. Yeah, very very boring. Thank God
Okay, let's take a survey on that is anybody happy that Jim DeFeed is gone from the radio
I thought he was like a big mover and shaker. He's moving it and shaking it
725 and at pool baby we're gonna have way over 800 by noon which means a thousand is given. Oh there's Fred Thompson on Jay Leno
Fred Thompson is banking on the idea that it's better to be late than to be one of the other better to be laid
They're not to be laid. That's what Fred Thompson is saying and who the hell would want to be laid by him
He's just a grotesque and he always seems angry for Thompson, you know, he always got that like that look
I had not noticed no. Oh, well, I'll notice next time. I've got that angry look on his push like
Kind of like Dr. Phil
Who was on biography last night and boy I turned that off really fast very very fast Dr. Phil
And I didn't realize that he represented Oprah in a case. Remember when the meat people in Texas suit her ass because she said
Uh, the mad cow that stopped me cold from ever touching another burger
Well, she must be eating a lot of other crap to make up for it. I'll say that remember that lawsuit
Uh-huh, and he was the lawyer and he won a rass off lawsuit
That's why she hoard for him on her show and he won't have been his own show not because he knows anything
Or because anybody likes him which they don't
Wtq. I am hello
Q. I. M. Hello
He go and he can
Wtq. I am hello
Yeah, Fred Thompson's angry look. That's that's his look. That's the I'm the serious politician
Not an actor look. I don't know what Reagan did when he got into slimed into office
But let me tell you something that morning. You know, if angry all the time or angry
He just looks like he had too much shoe polish in his head
Before he got elected you know, he was all angry and stuff
You know naturally with that mess with their rencontre
When that came on then he got a smile and it's when he got a whole time was he a when he fracked yeah now left last stuff
Anyway, that morning show you guys got we traded one mess for no, I mean, Joe's a great guy and stuff
But Christ all these just too many spots man. I can't I can't sit through it all so what good is a morning show
Of nobody's listening because they're switching off the spot
You know something you could you could fart into a windstorm and have a better chance of somebody hearing it
Than trying to talk to our management about anything these people are
Immutable they're impossible. They were hopeless. They're frustrating. They're just they're the worst they don't get crazy people
They just don't get I mean they don't look at your set you know, it's your secret
They don't want to get all they want to do is run up the building and how much money can they put on the books and that's
And Joe Bell thinks he's gonna save his job. I put a lot of billion and maybe he will exactly of course now that they have to pay for the
Doff and Joe Salmary. They're not gonna listen to anybody
Have a good day. Yeah
Thanks, Joel. That was Joel Feinberg. I recognize the voice
But he's right. He's absolutely correct. These people they know everything and I know you've gone through this whole routine
And in fact, I actually listened was it yesterday? I listened for a minute
I don't know why because I never listened. I'm sorry about that and you were talking about oh no
That's when I was trying to get on here and double
They couldn't put me on I was trying to say about the details Kennedy croaking tried to do that again
Would you and and you were going on about the format and about running a tight show and about these people don't understand
Anything about or the production rate and the land that's because those are radio things
I know those don't have anything to do with shirts. I've deported myself radio things
They have to do with broadcasting with a business that were supposedly making our living in
And these aren't radio people including Jala. I don't know what the hell he did
Was he like on a country bumpkin station up there in the Raleigh? What was he doing? I don't know
I know he was on a country bumpkin station in here
He was on kiss and then when Greg Reed got his ass fired
Which he pretended that he wasn't fired when he got his ass fired he was in the building the other day
I hear right. He was in the building. I said no wonder we're all depressed the other day. I don't know exactly
Nobody wants to talk to us
WDQ. YM hello
Hello yes
I'm going to you? Yeah? How you doing? Okay. Oh man now. Why did George just go mm-hmm?
Keep going I just called that I've never had a chance to talk to you
I just wanted to stay alone and you know
And what do you want to say now big fan of you
Man, I know and what do you want to say you say you never had a chance to talk to me now?
What do you want to say tell me something? Okay, I love you
Yeah
And that's a call that's a chance to talk to me. I love you. You're not my type pad. You're too old. You're too ugly
Q.A.M. Hello
I hear you Q.A.M. radio personality draft push to if you'd like to trade it sit Rosenberg for
Neal Rogers
WDQ. YM hello
WDQ. YM hello
Neal I hope that any Jennings is a fair trial
Ken Jennings
Yeah, Ken Jennings is the guy who was on jeopardy that $182,000 Ken Jennings was the sheriff in brownie county
That just resigned. Okay. Can you handle that? Can you spell it?
But you like me to spell it for you sir? Would you like me to insert each letter in your character one and one by side by each
DUM and DUM are Neal talks to morons for hours. That's going to be the new show starting on Monday air every day Monday through Friday
Neal talks to a holes five days a week the DUM are the better and you know what we'll get in we'll get back to the number that way
That's when we had numbers actually if the word ever gets out in fact
I just finally did realize why Joe is screaming so loud as he's thinking that maybe somebody will hear him and they'll realize Joe roses back on a radio
Good thinking Joe
You think that might be something to it? Yeah, yeah, but what are you gonna do? I know what he said about Joyce this morning? I dumped the bitch right now
I know what he said about Joe Rose. I don't have the bitch right now. What he said about clearance? I dumped the bitch right now
I heard all that
Yeah, that's why he's screaming locked because he's hoping that maybe somebody will discover he's back on a radio and they'll tune in
WQAM. Hello
QAM
Hello, Neal how you doing? Okay, sir
Hey, listen a couple months ago. They busted the assault rifle bandage robin bank
The last names were easily two brothers
Yeah, I thought that was interesting. Were they playing the banjo?
Probably loved them all the way if they weren't playing the banjo a different family
WQAM. Hello
This is Joe Rose when I'm in Beverly, Joe Lord
He was he was shouting even on that one recorded spot man. He's shouting and screaming
Screaming maybe because he's so happy to be away from a Joe fine bird
I don't play you Joe
Man is a walking churred
This is where I work. There is never never a dull moment have wallmark. I love walking at wallmark
We say at wallmark way after our ships are over partly because we love it
But mostly cause they lock us in
It's more than a story to a fun place to be
The best thing about being on a wallmark team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about
You never know what you don't find at wallmark
Just come in for the fun. The immigrants are the best at wallmark. They clean our toilets practically for free and wall marks
I don't need no stinking dream card. We don't need no vatges. I don't have to show you honest
It's like my morning routine spring coffee and wake up in wallmark
All right honey 1117 at 516 WQAM and you guys are eating all ready or is this just a preview of that?
No, yeah, no they're they're uh they're in the kitchen
They're firing up everything and uh, yeah, that's the menu. It's a good idea for long meal
Here's the menu of what we're having today and this is this is really what they're bringing in all of this today
Wow, they'll mess around the river house chopped salad
Roast-roasted garlic butter ranch milk dressing on it roasted peppers tomato honey
If I read the whole thing it will take us till two o'clock society and shrimp
Wow
With peppers tomato chilies garlic lemon basil and lobster broth
Focaccia roasted garlic crustini
Korean shrimp Thai spring rolls
Chevy elephant tuna pan-flash dayboat sea scallops topped with cool crab meat and wonton slaw
Oakville tenderloin a beef with Vermont white cheddar potato a gratton for chini sauce
Maytag blue cheese. I wonder if the Maytag repairman's gonna put it together
And then
Triple chocolate cheesecake with cashew bark an ice chocolate moose port wine syrup and chocolate pyramid
Wow you guys are gonna be going into a blood sugar
That's the way coma
Is that it? Yeah for starters and it's already 11 18 so in 42 minutes those
certificates will go on sale on theoroges.com
Don't forget you're gonna have to click it twice because first has got that big promotional thing for Joe Rosen
Kenny Ashworth's there whatever his name is
Which that's the only promotion that I know of so far so nobody see this
This is another part of their insanity on this radio station
They really believe that they can keep shuffling the deck and putting this one on and this and nobody knows about it
Except the people they're preaching to the choir
The only people who know about it are the people we're still listening
Am I right yep absolutely correct sir, but hey, what do I know about it 747 votes on the pool
We'll do our thousand today real easy Chris you don't have to worry about it
There have to be like a panic man. That's okay. I have the nickname for it panic man. Oh, we're not gonna make it 950
Like that what is with line one and two by the way? Is there something?
I haven't seen those ring all day today now where those from
I don't know nobody aware of from but
Yeah
Uh, but one is you like if two three and four ladder then one oh, one's out the first one in that queue
W2.way in hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to say I'm a big fan of this format hilarious with the calls. Yeah
And you like it. This is this is the format for the future man
Seriously
I am serious. I'm not I'm serious to it. We're talking to bozos. It led to you know
I mean
I'm not gonna solve the problems of the world sitting here reading all of this crap on here
I mean sure it's important stuff of people don't care about it anyway. Why should I waste my time doing that
Exactly. I had a quick downtown Miami report for you. Go ahead still there we get getting worse by the day
home and getting worse and
From what you hear from the county commissioners things are going up getting better every day, but it's not true
Glad to learn. Yeah, good to hear right thanks for the good news, palmy. Bye
Hey, here's more big news and the guy that called was absolutely correct sir Jim DeFeedus
DeFeedus show off W1nz. Wow
Holy moly talk about big things in radio
Jim DeFeedus year-long stint is the morning guy with 940 W1nz is over
This is the same thing that had the story about uh miss Fudge going off of uh his network
sources tell me it says this is from the daily pulp
I don't know who's bloggeless is you know where this is coming from?
Nope
It says it's not clear what happened but his contract expired and rumors are a lot that he's going to another station
Oh no
Jim DeFeedus is going to another station
I spoke with the feces, but he wouldn't talk about what may or may not transpire it says he did at least hit at a radio rebirth however
I
Had a great time at W1nz. I look forward to being on the air at another station very soon
He said you can expect an announcement in the coming days
Sources say the third channel response to the feces leaving the station is rather unceremonious
It removed his name from the 940 W1nz website pull down his pants or pull down his website and knocked him off the program guide and record time according to sources
I hear from one source. It says that the station
After the relationship was severed posted Jim's picture with the W1nz guard station and image I can't help but find hilarious
The feces is on his loose shoe on site
But at the bottom the bottom line is the news appears to be good at least for another local radio and South Florida
Said in that great whoever wrote this thinks it's good because he's gonna be on the years
So this is obviously somebody who's got the mental problems
How do you like that Jim the feces will pop up another station when that pops up
Will be like the Loch Ness monsters to be set up out of the lock
WDQAM. Hello morning. Yes, sir. Hey Neil. I was wondering if I could go by the studio for lunch
You can go by you know what he's been but just go by okay cool. Thanks man. Okay. Just keep on going
WDQAM. Hello
Yes
I
Bigger pardon
Let me say to you again only the dumbest people on the face of the earth when we're doing screen was called in and say
I want to talk to the only the dumbest of the dumbest that does that include you sir
Yes, yes
Tough question five six seven oh five sixty let's get these phones smoking baby
I can see them and I've actually do a little bit of work here. That's not good. That's a bad sign of my advanced age
To try to re-energize this crowd out there and get them back into the swing of things
Jesus got almighty that well what they've done here
I just can't find the words to describe it and the people think oh that Neil man. He's your good scurry to way
Yeah, if you think there's something funny about it. It's pathetic
It's degrading and humiliating and unacceptable, you know
And then Norma Kent calls me every now and then tell me about his dogs and stuff like that
Yeah, how they do it not to tell me anything about anything of substance or about how he's gonna go over there and kick
Joe Bell's ass and kick him into groin and try to wake his ass up or do something with clearance
Wtq way and hello
No, anybody who says that I'm hanging up right away
What do you laugh at him? I think you actually might have done that on purpose, but I don't care
I know I know if you say can I talk to you the answer is no you can't because they're gonna hang up on you because only stupid only the dumbest of the dumb
We don't mind talking to dumb people we do it every day
And we're gonna be doing it every day for next to 16 months
But not that dumb Wtq. Why am hello?
Good morning Neil. How are you? Okay, sir?
Did you hear that
How did you hear that I would David going to the ticket? Yeah, we heard that and going where
Well, he's gonna be on the bus ticket
No, he's gonna be on 790 the ticket. They're gonna announce it at the end of the month
Yeah, what time is this gonna be like 10 in the morning?
It's gonna be what said it's gonna be like the bed and and
Mo
The real obnoxious New York show now we're talking oh
Hallelujah, that's the best news. I've heard in years with that make it great crew
Yes, thank you so much. Okay. I can't believe they're that stupid, but nevertheless they might be you know
I'll have him talk to Joel Feinberg. I do believe they are that stupid would that be something?
No
Brother
Wtq. Why am hello
I'm Laura
Wtq. Why am hello
Well
Oh, you're my phone man. I think this phone is through the night. So this is nothing now. We'll call somebody else then Wtq. Why am hello?
Q. I.m. Neil. Yes, Neil please
Wtq. Why am hello, and Neil yes
The feeding may be off the radio, but he's on TV now
He's on a TV. I have more news. I think he's got a weekly spot now. What do you got a 52 in screen?
Actually, I do. Well good luck and thank god for that you wouldn't see him
Of course half of the feces is better than I guess is that what they say
Okay, remember that thing we had with you. Oh feces. Hello everyone Billy maize here the guy who brought you
Oxy clean and orange clean now. I've got a new product that harnesses another all-matchell cleanser introducing feces clean
All right great. Yeah, well great what now I thought I was gonna play that better way I think I were says everybody is a feces or whatever that kind of said
You know what I'm talking sure that's a
I'll Lewis say that stuff. It's al Lewis
The one and only get out of your hand. I'll Lewis. Yes, and what is it under? It's not under abortion feces
All abortion feces
Everybody who is abortion clinic abortion pill abortion shuffle abortion feces everybody
Who's for abortion was at one time themselves a feces that's not how
trust me and that includes all of you out there you were once a feces
So
We thank you mr. President and now dinner will be served
Well to him
National guards them because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now not the National Guard
Pardon not the National Guard no National Guard in Iraq not not does no National Guard no
About
No
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
I'm going to have to go to the bathroom.
See, Boys.
That would make a lot of sense.
When they got guilty.
They going to get mull allegedly.
D Dody Do.
I'm thinking maybe the fetus
is going to show up to feces at the IOD
or a 50th at that Steve Lap commentaires.
All day long.
Bill O'Ridey's got what's his name in the morning?
Oh.
1761 on our Pold and there's no calls on the board.
See, we got to keep the mull nevertheless
screenmashing just doesn't work.
How's the food you've got?
We're starting with some salad and some scallills right now.
I feel really left out. I don't need it though. I'm getting fat as a pig and my blood sugar is out of control and really high in the middle of the show.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. If you don't call, you may not be the last one to talk to me before I croak right on the air.
Don't you think whoever speaks to me when I'm croak on the air ought to get like some kind of a prize?
It's what I did.
A date with Greg Reed, something like that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 or maybe a date with Jim DeFese's or just the Fese's part and pound 5, 60 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Who would you cue I am? Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Good. This is Rosenberg on 7.9. That's the same Sid Rosenberg does on F.A. and the New Jersey.
Yeah, he was on with IMS, right?
Keep them.
Wow, what are you saying?
Keep them.
Keep them.
Keep them.
Well, what does that mean?
Keep them. We ain't got them. We don't want them. He ain't that we don't want them.
He's doing New York, he for us.
Nobody cue I am. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, now that's still 100 is completely falling off the face of the earth.
I hear you're doing some political talk show now.
Yeah, right wing, yeah.
Yeah, what?
And he's not doing voices, right? It's just 10.
I have no idea. No, no, he's not doing the old stick. That is correct.
So how boring would that take? I mean, I couldn't listen to him for more than five minutes without you hearing a Margaret comment.
But let me ask you this.
Yeah.
What differences make his he, are you listening to him now? Is he on the other side?
No, not listening. But, is he on in South Florida?
No, I don't know. He is. I don't think he is.
No, he's not.
Okay, so here's my question to you is, what ever really happened between you and him at the end?
He lied.
Is that what it was? I mean, because I mean, he lied and then he a bad mouthed me and did everything.
He could be a jerk. He just turned out to be a whatever.
I don't know. He just morphed into a jerk. I don't know what that happened to him.
He always said he was a good guy. Not that he was a great personal friend or anything.
But he just, he lied to us when they sold the station to Pax and he lied through his teeth, told us that there was supposed to have a meeting with him
because they were keeping him and going to send a KFI.
And then they told me that he didn't, they didn't show up for the meeting, which was a lie.
Oh, okay. So I know because you guys at cross dresses, I mean, in between and, you know, crossroad, crossroad.
Yeah, we got along great when we were working together. But then once he went a separate way, he decided to do a backstab.
And that's fine. That's up to him. I don't care.
Okay. Thanks.
Okay. Are you sure? I'm sure.
Turned out to be a turd is what I would say. You know, real disappointment.
Better disappointment, wouldn't you agree?
Yeah, it was a, it was a sad chain of events.
Yes. Why be right to? Rick Riley, also the same thing.
Oh, they didn't show up for the meeting. And the meantime, they did show up and they had the meeting.
And they said they were saying the KFI, which is all based in the fact that they had that gigantic Brian Cox lawsuit against him.
And they didn't want to turn him loose because they wanted to be able to like squeeze the money out of his, yeah, out of his ass.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I need to speak to Neil.
No chance. W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir.
Good morning. How are you? Good.
Well, you do have some call call, but I can guarantee there's one call you're not going to get today.
And who's that? Reverend Kennedy.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank the Lord. Okay.
Okay. Now, I will say this. We ought to do overs and unders on how many people call each day and say I want to speak to Neil and get hung up on immediately.
That would be good to segment the over and the under.
766. That would be another number for that guy. That says I'm mailing it in, you know, Defoe's boyfriend.
Oh, and you know what? I keep forgetting to talk about it. I don't know if you watched it.
I hope I'm sure you have zeitgeist in movie.
I have a copy to have it watch it yet. I'm very embarrassed.
Oh, you have got to watch that.
Another part.
The first part is a little ponderous where it goes through the anti-religion thing.
And it, you know, it's very excellent stuff.
But I mean, it's stuff that a lot of us already know.
Right. But, but I mean, when you get to the last half of it, it will just knock your socks off.
Even if you're not wearing it. It's just zeitgeist in movie.
There's a link to it on our website, not on qam.com, but on neo-riders.com.
Right above where Brady Quinn is squeezing is a thing.
zeitgeist in movie. Believe you me. You need to see it. Trust me when I tell you. Although most of you won't watch it.
Have somebody else watch it and explain to you?
Deputy QAM. Hello.
Want to speak to Neil?
Deputy QAM. Hello.
QAM. Hola.
Neil. Yeah.
What's your take on Jackson this morning? Did you like him?
WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay.
First of all, still Henry's going in the middle of the night on 9.40.
Two more three o'clock in the morning.
Really? Good time for him. Are you sure?
Yeah.
Second thing is, have you and your lifetime ever seen a bigger rape of the government in terms of money than under this administration in eight years?
Of course not.
It's in.
Outside of the role and people don't even talk about it.
It's in.
They destroyed the whole economy. The dollar isn't worth a nickel anymore.
And they destroyed the whole American economy and they're spending trillions of dollars.
And everybody's back like, move them like this Fred Thompson's on TV.
So he's running for president. What do you do?
Well, here's the most amazing thing is when the Hillary or Obama raised like millions of dollars.
And they get all crazy about them raising millions of dollars.
And he's got such brilliant.
Yeah.
Who's getting all crazy about them raising millions of dollars?
Well, when you hear, oh my god, it's the biggest fun raise or ever Obama.
Yeah.
It's already million bucks or whatever.
And meanwhile, so what's wrong with that?
In other words, only fascists can raise money to run for office.
I think, yeah, what's good for the goose is good to take a gander at.
Oh, there's a bubble.
Never.
What is going to save the world if Al Gore can't do it.
And if I was going to chime in there and do it.
Oh, see that 2008, 2008.
Even you could have kept it on.
I got another one.
There is the luckiest man on the face of the earth.
Even Rick Shaw agree with that.
I remember that and he didn't like to knock anybody.
But I managed to squeeze a little shot out of him out of the Larry, you know.
Luckiest man on the face of the globe.
You did a lot of things.
Five.
You Rogers on Sportshold Radio WQL.
This is CNN, breaking news.
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea
stemming from an incident in an airport men's room.
Senator Craig, thanks for the interview.
Do I know you?
Have I met you before?
No, don't think we've met.
And could you get your hand off my knee?
I'm gay and I close and I get on this.
Not interested, Senator.
So how do you pick up guys?
I make eye contact.
I smile at people.
They recognize me.
I go around anywhere hitting on man.
Okay.
Here's one thing I do.
I seek and ask.
Oh, they trickle advice, Senator.
I hope Idaho will allow me to continue serving gay people
at the Minneapolis airport.
CNN, breaking news.
Yeah, I've break the 785 on our pool.
We're going to have over 800 by the top of the hour.
And peace of cake.
And top of the hour we start with the river house.
Here's an article from July 31st, 2005.
And you probably wonder, what is it from?
And you know, it's from the hero.
From the hero.
Sarah Tallahle.
Remember her, Chris?
Who?
No.
You don't read the newspaper.
Yeah, I do.
It said, as the two largest sports radio stations in South Florida,
what they think of each other.
And just like on here, they don't hold back.
Veteran WQAim dismisses its newest challenger, 790 to ticket.
We consider ourselves more authoritative and experienced than them as
silly and amateurish as Greg Reed, WQAim's vice president and general manager.
He saved his harshest critique for Daniel Labbastruz afternoon show on 790.
Our guys at the station call it Sissy Boy Radio.
It's a bunch of girlish type topics.
It's not really serious sports talk.
Yeah, Greg, maybe that's why they're kicking our ass.
It's not serious sports talk.
It's girly talk.
Labbastruz chuckled.
It's nice to see his listening.
He said, I would say Sissy Boy Radio is preferable to old white nursing home
century village fossilized radio.
Wow.
Who could he be talking about there?
Still good.
Welcome to the sports talk.
Radio wars in South Florida.
It says we're 790 to ticket.
His launch the first significant challenge in WQAim.
The station is dominating the sports landscape for more than a decade.
But it'll be a bit about a bit about the big red weed says it.
Of course, he's long gone.
But you said he was in the building yesterday flashing around his new suit.
Correct.
And then what you said?
5667.0560, 0.560.
And I'm thinking about this business, about Mole and about Jim DeFese.
And like I said, it's like a deck of cards.
Just keep shuffling the deck with the same cards over and over and over again.
And spread the cards out all over the table and guess what?
Every time it's all the same cards.
They may be in a different order, but it's the same cards.
You know what I'm saying?
And then that's this radio market.
That's just recycling the same old stuff over and over and over again.
Jim DeFese is my god.
WQAim, hello.
Hey, how you doing, pal?
Okay, sir.
Two things.
The CDC has admitted that the human pavalon of virus has mutated and if he's going to be dead,
he's going to be killed.
And his school has 45 partners a year that they can get throat cancer.
That's one thing.
And how come when you turn down your street down here in Parkland?
I mean, not in Parkland over in Plantation acres.
There's like a guy who's got a KTK hot.
That looks like he's an osteovalid or seminal indian there.
What is this man talking about?
Oh, please.
Yes, staff.
I'm going to fire it.
Yeah, staff my street and quit the rapin teenagers.
WQAim, hello.
QAM, hello.
Good morning.
Good morning.
How are you guys today?
Okay.
How are you?
Very, very good.
I want to introduce Neo to the monave.
You want to introduce who?
Neo.
Who do you think you're talking to?
Schmuck.
Another idiot.
560, 560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
So many stupid, stupid, stupiding.
You know what?
It's great.
It's great.
Yeah, it is.
It's really great.
Now what do you eat now?
Yellowfin tuna.
Yellowfin tuna.
Now what about these desserts?
The chocolate cheesecake?
Oh, God.
With cashew bar.
I know.
Chocolate mousse.
And chocolate pyramid.
What is it?
Chocolate pyramid.
Are there like Egyptians?
Yeah.
It's a pyramid.
Made of a different kind of chocolate.
Like the deeper you go into it, the crazier the chocolate gets.
It's like a mousse.
What do you call it?
What's in there?
Moose nougat.
It's got some ganache in it.
No, it's not the ganache.
It's not the sound of the nickname could be like Matt Fudge.
789 on a pole.
We're almost to 800, baby.
Whatever the hell that means.
I have no idea what that means.
So the feces is coming back.
And Mo maybe making a comeback.
I sure have all the rumors.
I sure hope that one is true.
What do they tell us something that's like interesting or is going to make a difference in our lives?
When does that going to start?
When does that show start?
Yeah.
On what station?
W-Q-A-N-Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
You work better alone.
Oh.
Q-A-N-Hello.
Another George Scott.
Q-A-N-Hello.
Hello.
I heard Phil Henry on WBZT a Saturday night.
Yeah, and.
And he's doing his regular show there on the Palm Beach Station.
What do you mean he's doing his regular show?
What does that mean?
He's not doing any kind of stick or anything just a regular show.
It's picked the place of Odbell.
Yeah, he's doing right-wing crap.
Yeah, but he's doing the Odbell time slot.
Yeah.
And that's what he's doing up in Palm Beach.
I don't know what he's doing on INZ.
I can't get that speech.
Well, what do you mean what he's doing on INZ?
In other words, you think he's doing a different show on another station?
No.
Man, oh man.
Like I said.
Whoa.
Yeah, he's on 15 different stations.
And he's doing 15 different shows, sir.
Every station he's on, he's doing something different.
He's doing Margaret on one station.
He's doing Bob Green on another one.
Seriously, and we're going to have an election.
We're going to have a presidential election there.
And these people are going to vote.
Wow.
Eight more troops died yesterday in Iraq.
Does anyone...
Now it's like an afterthought on the news.
It's like, well, you know, it's too depressing.
It's bad news.
It's hot as hell.
People don't want to get all depressed, right?
So they don't even talk about it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah.
It's a Silver Spoon Kid.
Yeah.
What's that, dude?
What does that mean, boy, God?
Fineberg.
What about him?
It's me.
Yeah, sure.
What are we going to pickle about?
Shmuck.
You don't think it's me?
No.
And what if it was you?
Wouldn't that be pathetic?
It would be pathetic.
I mean, you're a person.
You're pathetic enough of it is you, but it doesn't sound like a Joel Fineberg.
But if it was you'd be pathetic enough to be called in this show.
Oh, come on.
I love listening to you.
Yeah, well, I know that.
That's obvious.
So you don't want to make it...
What kind of a deal you want to make, Joel?
I'm ready when you are.
Yeah.
Ready for what?
You.
Yeah.
Guess what?
Bend over, buddy.
Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixteen.
You know, that could have been him.
I don't know, because he's enough of a pucks that might have been him.
He's probably sitting there with...
Probably half of the calls we can get are from over there anyway.
Probably.
We say no, realize that they're doing us a big favor.
And look at how many votes we got on the pool now, 790.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
What's this?
Yeah, I don't think so.
I think it's an act of God, you know?
Damn God.
So put it in the paper.
Joel Fineberg calls it in the eruditor show.
That didn't sound like him.
Sound like one.
Maybe it was, I don't know.
It could be.
He's dumb enough to pull a stunt like that.
I mean, here's a real classy guy, you know.
This is the same guy that called up Greg Read and left him a message on his voicemail.
Oh, we're not going to force you to like overpay Bo Camper, because we have no interest in him.
So we're not going to do like we did with management with Hank and force you to overpay
and get you into a bidding war.
Don't overpay him because we don't want him anyway.
And he's a message on Greg Read's voicemail.
Remember that?
Sure do.
Now that was a good match there, Joel Fineberg and Greg Read.
Yeah, Lloyd.
I don't know what kind of suits Joel, where it's going to never had a chance to meet him.
I'm sure they're expensive.
Now what do you say?
We're going to stick his pickle in the barrel?
You're not my angel.
You're a barrel.
No, you're not a barrel.
I'm a barrel.
Neil, I want to apologize to you buddy.
For what?
But I know it was you the last time I called.
Yeah, well, what did you want to say last time?
About the Mona V.
You need to drink it.
What is that?
It's a food juice.
It has 19 different kinds of food.
Yeah, well good.
Stick it, baby.
Stick it in Joel Fineberg.
Exactly.
Get out of my face.
I'm really amazed that the cereal guy hasn't called again.
He'll be on.
And you know who else hasn't called?
The quarter slots guy from Vegas.
We only have the S&P guy.
Let's take a look at the S&P, okay?
S&P is up today.
The S&P is up today.
Oh, the S&P is up 6 and 1 quarter.
How do you like that?
Aren't you excited?
And the euro is up to $137 against the inept American dollar, the pathetic American dollar.
We're the diamond.
Don't tell Joel that all of Daddy's money ain't worth squat anymore because the dollar's worth.
Well, you know, just stay right there.
It'll be okay.
WDQAM, hello.
Just stand over the trade wire.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
What is your pick of the dolphin game this week?
What do I think?
I don't think of the dolphins at all.
What's that?
Let me say it again.
I don't.
I don't think.
I don't care.
I couldn't give a crap less.
Is that answer your question?
You're going to give a sports radio?
No.
It is.
No.
It is.
Let me say it again.
N-O.
No.
No.
No.
No.
56670560, pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
It's all sports radio, sir.
You've got your R in there.
Take the R out.
R.
Yeah.
We are all sports radio.
If you don't believe me, listen to the Joe Roachhead tomorrow morning with the Kimmy shorts.
What's the guy's name again?
Keith Jackson.
Jason Jackson.
I'll get it.
I don't know why I have such a difficulty with his name.
I don't know what that's all about.
He sounds a little bit like the big rock solid.
Oh, to me.
Don't they sound very similar?
Yeah.
Without the Spanish baby talk.
Somebody QAM?
Hello.
QAM?
Hola.
You got here.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you've dealt with it by the Dennis Miller show.
Oh, yeah.
I was listening to him.
He's pretty good.
You know what?
Dennis Miller.
You couldn't find his number with a search party.
He sucks.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
I feel really threatened, baby.
That's what I worry about every day when I wake up in the morning.
I think I'm like, oh, my God.
Who are they going to put it on against me now?
I'm threatened.
I'm really worried about.
Paychecks showed up five days early, sir.
That's all I care about.
Just keep putting the money in the bank, baby.
Keep putting the money in the old bank.
Wonderful.
Oh, shred it.
Maybe that gym defecis of the I know.
I'm 16.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
A young technician and his general manager, Bob, boarded a train heading
through the mountains on its way to Warchiton.
They sat right across the aisle from Linda and her grandmother.
Well, after a while it was obvious that Linda and John were interested in each other because
they were giving each other the look.
Soon the train passed through a tunnel and it became pitch black.
There was a sound of kissing followed by the sound of a slap.
When the train emerged from the tunnel before sat silently without saying a word.
The grandmother was thinking to herself it was very brush for that young man to kiss my granddaughter,
but I'm glad Linda slapped him.
The general manager, Bob, is sitting there thinking I didn't know John was brave enough to kiss that girl,
but I sure was she hadn't missed him when she slapped and hit me.
Linda was thinking I'm glad the guy kissed me, but I wish my grandmother hadn't slapped him.
And John sat there with a satisfying smile on his face and thought life is good.
How often does a guy get the chance to kiss a beautiful girl and slap his general manager all in the same day, Paul Harvey?
Good day.
Good day.
I just had a great programming idea.
What do you think of this?
Joel Feinberg is his own regular segment on the show.
That seems to be really big on the station through Rosenstein's gutters.
As long as he can get a sponsor.
He tells Joel and then Joel does a live spot.
He texted me and said that you're a word we can't say on the air.
But it starts with an an end with a hole.
What are you talking about?
Joel texted me and told me to tell you that you're a hole.
And I texted back and I said I think he already knows that.
What about it, Joel?
Tell me more about it.
Joel Feinberg's segment on QAM.
Just get your own live sponsor, baby.
It should be no problem.
I forgot about the check on this thing.
How many we got left?
35 on the river house.
It opened up at noon and I wasn't plugging in 30.
We got 30.
How many we got left?
About 30, man.
I'll be there.
He texted you.
That's right.
He's got your text.
You're a phone.
Got it from Zach.
Is it what Zach told you?
No, no, I'm just presenting.
Why is your backpack?
You don't have to know what you're having.
You know, have a backpack.
Who there, Joel?
You got Joel and you know, mold coming together.
Maybe you can pair them up in the morning with Sid the Abnox.
We got how many left?
30 out of 100 for a river house.
See, ours doesn't take like two weeks, three weeks to start a lot of life.
That's because you don't really have anybody listening.
I think they get a lot of wired diaries over there.
But whatever.
27.
Like I said, we got 27 left.
And the reason this has taken a little bit longer is because I've been thinking.
Because they got a two-step process on it.
They got to do the two-step.
Two-step drop.
Thoughts of 100 instead of 50.
Now, I know that we had 100 last week and we sold them out in one minute.
One minute.
That's back when we had an audience before Joel Feinberg chased him all the way.
Okay, what I'm thinking is I'll challenge Joel Feinberg since he thinks I'm such an A-hole.
Why doesn't he come on the air one day this day?
No, I'm Monday.
Sure, because this is the last day for me this week.
We won't let him call twice in one day.
Nobody gets to do that.
No, that's right.
Not even Joel.
And we can negotiate a deal right here on the air.
It'll be great.
Is that the first time for that?
Yeah, I don't think that's ever happened before.
We're all casting.
And they can't do a contract tempering thing because they've already violated my contract in so many different ways
that we can't even count it.
Not that I would work for him, you understand, but I think it would be fun.
Let's negotiate a deal right on the air, Joel.
Come on, there's the challenge.
He wants me so bad he can taste it.
He can taste the old pickle in the barrel.
17 left is all we got on our other ribber house in Fort Lauderdale, good food.
And what do you guys eat now?
You can know that dessert.
I don't know what chocolate cheesecake and that chocolate moose pyramid.
Oh, that's right.
You said the deeper you get in there, the darker it gets.
I see the chocolate too.
You're right.
14 left is all we got.
But these things are going like hotcakes if I dare say that.
And I'm sure Duff is really all looked up about that.
Here's Jonathan Plantation, one of our regular factors.
It's good to see some of these people coming back now that the summertime is over.
Now the George chased him all the way.
I say that every year and then you're going to win a real good number in the summertime
and spite of what you're surrounded by.
I'm not worried.
What do you mean by that?
About the number.
I don't want to miss out on a bonus money because you...
Like I do, I can't afford to miss out on that.
Well, we did last time.
I think that's third.
Yeah.
Third and nothing to know the book before it.
Oh my God.
And that's Jolly Joe Beligan, you know.
I think Joe Below had to be a praise of the fact that the Joel Feinti...
So it obviously was him because he's got your number there.
I didn't recognize the voice because he sounds...
He sounds like a nerd.
You know what I was saying?
She came in and said, oh my God.
Do you know that was him?
Yeah.
That has to be unprecedented.
I mean, maybe not, but I mean close to it.
The general manager of the competition across history, calling on his show,
admitting that he loves this show, which he's listening to right now.
I glued the...
Glue to the radio with like a crazy glue.
Obsessed.
And he's given a song to dance like I'm going to meet him at a restaurant here in Toronto,
where we were almost...
We almost did have that meeting and it's a damn good thing for him that we didn't.
11.
We got 11 and another go.
Because talking to one of the phone was bad enough.
But meeting him in person...
I mean, I don't know what the guy looks like.
Not that I look like anything, but then again, that's...
You will remember I sent you a magazine with mine.
I don't want to be...
I can't wait.
I can't wait.
It's the Joel Feinberg show.
Here's Joel to do a live spot for...
...somebody, anybody.
Just open up the yellow pages.
Jonathan says you are absolutely completely correct about zeitgeist.
Talk about an amazing movie and I must see for anyone with a brain.
So obviously it says South Florida is out.
By the way, the movie is available on DVD for $7 a piece.
I bought two copies to give his Christmas gift.
Jonathan says, thanks for letting us know about it.
George, you rock as usual.
Have a great one.
How do you like that?
You rock, George.
George is going to spin some wax.
Right.
He's going to the House of Wax with Vincent Price.
I'm rocking this moose right now.
So what did he say?
He just sent you a thing saying, Neil's in A hole and that was it?
Yeah, that was the last half.
Yeah.
What do you mean the last one?
He said, that wasn't nice and then another one saying that you were in a hole.
What was it nice?
What does that mean?
He weren't nice to him on the air.
Of course not.
Why should I be nice to him?
He's the general manager.
They would do anything to hurt us.
They would do anything to hurt us.
Don't you remember those days?
They would do anything to hurt us.
Like a world child with daddy's money, you know?
They would do anything to hurt us.
You don't have to worry, Joe.
We'll hurt ourselves.
Okay, we're killing ourselves.
We'll commit in hairy care every day without the cubs.
Oh my God.
They would do anything to hurt us.
And then of course his rant about the Wayne and the dolphins, you know, when they give us the games,
which they give us nothing about a headache.
And, you know, oh, gee, they don't care about our business.
Quit being a spoiled little rich kid.
Okay, Joe, if you want to send me some money, I'll be glad to take it.
In fact, I got an even better offer for Joel Feinberg right now.
Forget about my workin over there, because I don't want to get back with Mo again and Goldie and then...
Oh, come on down.
...and would sit the kid.
I don't want to get involved with those people over there.
But, I'm thinking if he just buys out my contract, I'll just walk away right now.
Like that, what do we got that thing?
It's just walk away.
That's the one.
Very good.
I'll walk away right now.
I won't even come back on Monday.
All he's got to do is pick up the tab for the rest of it.
Don't you think that's possibly?
Sure.
You can only go...
When you do it on the air...
When you do it on the air...
When you do it on the air...
We have 100 and now there are four.
Four left.
So you want them for the river house, you better grab them right now.
Four fifty dollars certificates for twenty five bucks.
They'll be gone in a few minutes.
You keep your eye on a Chris that'll keep you off the street.
Okay.
They'll be holding a do.
And maybe Joel Feinberg will call back.
He calls in on the airline no less.
And I'm supposed to know what's really him.
Well, what's your take on that whole thing?
Obviously he wasn't listening to his own station.
Well, you know, obviously he listened to the show religiously every day
and wants to be desperately over there, which isn't going to happen.
What's your take, George?
He wants to know what time on Monday you'd like to negotiate your new contract on the air.
Did he respond again?
What time on Monday?
That's the text I got just then.
Yeah.
Okay, I'll tell you what.
Here's the deal.
Send him back the bat line.
Okay.
Yeah.
And tell him right at the beginning we can promote this all weekend long.
Not going to anybody will.
And at ten oh five on Monday morning he can call in and be my first caller on a bat line.
I want to negotiate our contract on the air.
I'll say.
All right.
When they said there's no business like show business, they worked there.
There's no business like.
Well, it was my idea.
I think it's a great idea.
Now maybe he wants to buy me out or maybe he actually would like me to have me on the air
over there and really kick ass and promote the show.
What do you think, George?
George would go wherever you go.
Because if they have a sense of humor over there they don't, you know, they're not in this pure,
they're all attached to your hip.
I'll go where you go, baby.
That's where you're attached.
Yes, at the hips.
That's where he craves to.
I said, hip to the cop.
We're attached to the toe.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
So you're getting pretty tight with your old fiber with these.
Apparently we're telling you.
That's what he's just back in the world.
Wow.
And there's not a call.
That's not the more thanks to all.
We were smoking air for a little while.
You know, wouldn't you think this would provoke some tremendous controversy?
I mean, in this audience, this is the big thing.
The biggest story on our website, the last three or four weeks, was the one that Barry Jack asked
wrote about the South Florida radio wars between us and those lunatics across the street.
That's the most reads of anything.
W-DQ-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, hey.
I'm sure that guy is a douche in a half to work for, but if there's no joy,
it can't be that bad going over.
Maybe he'd actually let me do the show, you think?
That's what I'm saying.
I'd back in on that one.
Okay.
All right, including, I'm bending it like back home.
Yeah, bend the...
Back home.
5, 6, 7, 0.
Well, what is the big deal with him anyway?
He's a soccer player and he don't even look that good anymore, David Beckham.
What's the big deal with him?
Chris, I don't know.
I have no idea.
817 votes on the pool.
I'll give you the result one of these times when we get a chance.
But I think I've just...
I think we have to jackpot.
That's it.
What do you think the guys across the street are thinking about this?
What guy learned?
What do you think that George Sedano, the kid they put on a midday, who's also a big fan of the show?
What do you think that he's thinking that his boss, that his general manager, is calling me on the year while he's on,
and is going to negotiate on Monday a deal for me to go across the street.
Why me?
Now, where does this leave you?
Well, you got Zach and Joe Rosner.
You can work with him.
By the way.
Yes.
Joe says.
Joel says.
You know, my buddy, that he told Mo that he couldn't pay him for airtime.
So whatever you're hearing about Mo going over there.
Yeah, I knew that.
And did I say that?
Which means he'll probably be on my close personal friend, Joel Feinberg.
Maybe stupid at times, but nobody in the world, including him, is dumb enough to put Mo on here.
Do-do-do-do-do.
Okay. I mean, one obnoxious New Yorker by himself is bad enough, but two side by each.
Come on now, man.
Wow.
So in other words, Mo couldn't pay him enough money to be on the year over there.
And Hank, he said he wouldn't touch it with a 800-pound pool.
I mean, with an 80-foot pool.
Oh, sorry.
Maybe he can pay Hank by the pound.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
You can do it, man.
I guess he couldn't do it.
I-here I thought he could.
Q-A-M, not there.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hola.
Now, what?
No, what just happened?
I think Joel put a hex on us.
He's pretending to be your buddy, you know.
This is evil, Joel.
I knew he would do anything to hurt us.
Well, we are sold out, so.
What do you mean by that?
Yeah, the show is here.
We had a lot of spots, Joel.
Okay, eat your heart out.
We have no listeners anymore.
We have no numbers.
But we got a lot of spots.
We have no scores for your race.
Way too many of them.
You have no numbers.
I never have too many spots to miss my room.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q-A-M.
Break down, shout.
Where the mother once goes to Hank from trees.
And Clay Van Jones, you've got some who own a station.
All new Frank won't grade.
We got one certificate, like.
Now I've no words.
Caroline goes, rallies a big city, you know.
And that's where the beeswiss had to go.
For Golly, Riley Jones.
Oh!
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
And he had Jones go to 560 with ratings
and the toilet bowl to get those.
Plaming sportful mose in order and control.
And then so Golly, Riley, Joe of a humor
and in the note he lets mose go.
And here's what blows his Golly his own show.
Oh!
He'll make a big change.
And read a range.
It's worse for the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
Or what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
Out of four.
Not that essentially blows for all radio.
Oh!
The GM of 560.
Golly, Riley, Joe.
1217 and 560.
That's what we got.
Top head Greg Reid, look what we got now.
829 votes on the pool.
Who is your least favorite, the Part 2 QAM host?
Mohawar Davida did it.
Who Joe 5er says he wouldn't touch with your money.
228 vote.
All of the above 193.
Scott Farrell, 101.
Golly, 92.
Pretty high on the Ricker's Fearll air Golly.
The Crow of 66.
Kenny Walker, 90.
Or 50.
I'm sorry, 50.
V433, Mark Eisenberg 25.
Ron Hersey, 21.
And Joe Castello, only 20.
They love Joe Castello.
What's that?
Why did he...
I can't hear him.
Oh, you don't remember that story?
Yeah, something about pornography in the middle of the night.
I had an overnight show.
I forget.
I had to do it with that.
And I do it with something like that.
831 vote.
We'll make that thousand if it's the last thing we do, Chris.
Now, if we do go across the street, do we take Chris with us or what?
Yeah.
Well, it's pentatonic.
I think part of it.
Or what do you mean by that?
Could they pay any less?
That's true.
Could they pay any less?
Like I told Miguel when he called me, I was at Woodbuy and there, or leave in there a couple
weeks ago, whenever it was.
And I told him, and one thing, you know, at least they're going to treat you better over there.
They couldn't treat you any worse.
And he said, amen to that.
Or something in Spanish I didn't understand.
It sounded like...
Rick Shaw.
Like that.
So what do you think, George?
We're ready to pack up and go.
Hey, whatever, man.
Let's see if the audience would follow us across the street to 790.
I think I think I'd better signal.
I know they got a better spot on the dining room.
If you tell them you can play a fart sound, they'll all come over.
Yeah, that's going to be the first...
Okay, list of questions for Joel Feinberg when we have our big call on Monday morning at 10.05.
We want our farts, we want our words back.
We want our words back like...
You know, the English language like D, bag, and A whole...
And D-Bas, bag.
And what about S-Bag?
You know, the English language would like to be able to speak English.
Really?
In other words, we'd like to obey FCC rules, but not a whole bunch of rules of joy.
But not made up arbitrary people...
In composing people...
You see, aren't they...
Are people fakers on a power trip?
Are rules yes?
I have a feeling that if we went over there across the street,
even with Joe Rose coming back with the Kevin McKeop Jackson or whatever his name is in the morning,
I think that would be the anneal and the coffin for these people.
And well deserved fat ass, jolly, Joe, and the clearance and joy.
Somebody QYM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
I was just driving back from Gulf Stream, and I had you on the radio.
And I heard you'd lane into yet another call.
You've got a lot of angry old people here.
What's going on?
No, I'm not angry at all.
Did I?
No.
Yeah, if your life is great.
I mean, if it makes you happy, do you think that you're...
No, no, no, no.
I... that's exactly it.
Your life appears to be great.
Everything's good at the station.
I mean, you're...
No, everything is not good at the station.
Well, what makes you say everything is good at the station.
No, well, good at the station, meaning that you're getting your checks.
I'm getting my check.
Well, in other words, that's all life is to you.
It's getting paid.
And then just to pay in.
Well, why is that?
But, you've been saying?
Yes, that's all accounts.
When you're working for these people, that's all accounts.
That's not what life is all about.
That's what life with the beesleases is all about.
It's just making sure you get paid on time, or maybe you're there too early, or sometimes five days early.
Nice going fat ass jolly, Joe.
That's his claim to fame with me, as he gets to the checks there.
Well, you know, there's something to be said for that.
But that's as far as I push it, because I know he's incapable of doing anything else,
like, you know, anything that makes any sense.
Like the fact that his production disc, I still don't have.
Now, is it going to show up today?
So that's what I'm saying.
I asked him, and he said he mailed it that day.
So maybe he got hung up in customs because it's a burst of material.
Get out of here.
Everything is an excuse that comes from that building.
Every other FedEx that I send, if I send it before six o'clock at night,
it's wherever I send it by 10 o'clock the next morning at the latest.
Everything.
Focus this showed up here.
Just find his wine yesterday.
No problem at all, and spread it the holiday on Monday.
No problem.
But it comes from QAIM.
Oh, but I beeped and it opened up.
I mean FedEx, what do you think, Neil?
I mean, you're like in another country.
I mean, how do you do that?
It's like that ad.
Is it a FedEx spot where they got that package seen in it and one guy says,
we're supposed to, we got to make this box go from here to Germany.
How do we do that?
You know the spot I'm talking about?
No.
You've never seen that?
No, great spot.
Oh, that box from here to Germany.
I don't know.
Let's have a meeting about it.
You know, WQA and hello.
Neil, how are you?
Let's break up into groups.
Yes, sir.
Neil, you crossed the street, man.
I'm there with you.
I'm not going to abandon you.
But what do you think about that?
Do you think this is a revolutionary idea that I could negotiate a new deal on the year on Monday?
Hey, find me up.
I'm part of the revolutionary army.
I'll be there.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to get a new phone.
Here's a fact that says, oh, look at this.
Callers five and six.
I better look at that.
Do we have any left?
The certificates?
Is there still a one?
Are you still the one?
I still got one on there.
I have zero.
No, I have zero now.
Sold out.
Which means that it's sold out and confirmed.
Correct.
It's a sealed deal.
Okay, good.
It's an earning lift.
But callers five and six right now at 1-800-227-0560.
We're in a $50 certificate to the River House in Fort Lauderdale.
And by the way, you've got those ones to send to our close personal friend that duck told me we're in there.
Already in the mail?
Already in the mail.
How do you like that, Professor?
They're already in the mail.
Am I the best or what?
No.
Yes, I am.
Callers five and six right now at 1-800-227-0560.
We're in a $50 certificate to the River House in Fort Lauderdale.
1-800-227-0560.
Oh!
How's Henry Barrow doing?
Still fat as the house?
Is there a problem with that?
I'm not.
Why do I keep thinking about that?
I don't know.
I'm just going to hit it.
I've got a migraine thinking about that.
It was either that or Joel Feinberg.
Now, I will say this.
I can't say much for him, but when he called on me, now maybe he put on a better show for the audience, you know, because it's on a year, and somebody might actually be listening, but I doubt it.
He sounded much more, I don't know what the word is, like a bench.
Not a bench, but more human than when he talked to me here.
So that inhuman, maybe he was in the bag when he was here.
I don't know what the deal was, but he was just like a puss.
Oh, hi, Neil.
How are you?
You're like a puss, like a nebber, like a schmuck.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
Great.
Anyway, I was just thinking about this.
Do you enjoy the sort of combat pay for putting up with those morons at the B-Blade group?
Yeah.
That is death met.
Yeah?
Yep, that is death.
The only thing I can say about that is, do you know what I'm saying?
Let me ask you a question.
Is it definite?
I believe so.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you for your student opinion.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You see, the interesting part of it is, I was thinking this before, about an hour ago,
and I got all caught up with the crap, but the fact of the matter is, how many other than
shuffling the deck and reshuffling, how many real new personalities have come into this
market in the last like 10 years, who mean anything, who mean anything.
I'm not just talking about somebody different, who was non-before.
I'm talking about people who mean something.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm talking about a big number, more than just in one or two months.
I'm not talking about like Sid the kid, who's screaming in the end because he's got a 25
to 34, because they got a bunch of wired diaries or whatever that was all about.
A bunch of kids, the refugees from New York.
It just doesn't happen, and that's what Rick Shaw and I were talking about last week,
the Sands, they've been this man.
But then again, we got a lot of ex-jocks though on the air.
Oh, yeah.
And we got a lot of sports writers on here, although I noticed that most of them seemed
to have vanished, along with Kenny and Bo.
Maybe they're at the Camilla's house with Kenny and Bo.
WDQA and Hello.
WDQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What do you think George would go with if you-
WDQA and Hello.
I have a color 5 or 6.
Yes, 5 or 6.
5 and 6.
I guess he just didn't hear the number, or maybe he's stupid, that could be it, or both of
the above.
WDQA and Hello.
I'm con nero.
Yes, sir.
It's one.
Start and get on.
Can I say something to you?
Yeah.
You called here on Tuesday, right?
Yeah.
Why are you calling again today?
You want to become a chronic and really piss me off as that what you want to be.
I'm not a chronic.
If you go across the road, I'll restrict your communication to your faxes, okay, which were
bad enough.
But don't call this show, Stuttering Girl.
I'll give you a date like July 1st of next year.
I'll still be on, although maybe not on this station, you never know, in fact, after Monday.
So what's Joe Beldoin about this?
Is he going to have like a counteroffer?
Is he going to have to be there at 1030 on Monday?
I don't know.
No, in the great sense of humor that he's got.
And by the way, Joe, if you're still listening, which I'm sure you are, Jolly Joe was running
around with some magazine with your picture on it like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, like that.
I don't see any magazine with Jolly Joe's picture on it, though.
You don't subscribe to that magazine.
What's that?
Losers Inc.
What's their poll?
WQAM.
Oh!
Remember!
It's Golden Gasser!
What's their poll?
WQAM.
Billy, time for your animal on a cheese mom, not another animal.
Kids just hate getting animals, and mom's a giving them.
But now, who's on the pat line?
Love, introducing you in an animal that can be coated chocolate animal that makes getting
cleaned out fun.
Hey, mom, can I have another animal?
I don't know, Billy, that makes your third animal today.
Please!
Well, okay.
Cool.
And this time, I want a green one.
Oh, sorry, son, I took off the green ones.
I did add my two boys.
New, am an animal.
Melt's in your butt, not in your head.
Okay, who was that on the bat line?
Those are facts.
It's a wrong number.
In other words.
No, and then you sent him that the bat line number?
Yes, but I didn't send him that incorrect number.
What do you mean by that?
What does that mean?
We get wrong numbers on the bat line all the time, as you know.
Yeah.
People think that that's the facts number?
No, I think that was Joel cranking you.
Could be?
845 votes on the pool.
Yes, he'd just be careful with him.
Okay, he's not one of those people.
He would do anything to hurt us.
That's what I heard.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're moving across the street, baby.
We're going to the ticket.
We're leaving now.
See, if I was him, I'd be on, if Norma Kent was like a real agent.
Instead of talking about his dead dogs and stuff like that, he'd be on the foam with Joel right now.
And Joel, of course, he don't want to be bothered with him because he doesn't deal with middlemen.
That's right.
Small potatoes.
He can't be bothered with the pimps with middlemen.
No, he can't say pimps.
That's right.
Like Titania, he was up pimped.
WQAM, hello.
I want to speak to Joyce.
Oh, boy.
Don't I wish?
Remember we used to have that as the manager, Crap?
Mm-hmm.
What, that was an IOD here.
We got Joyce here.
No, no, no, no, no.
Who used to do that?
Was that, uh, Asda manager?
I don't know.
Or, no, we used to have asked the program director on here, didn't we?
Yeah, I'm a hoisting.
Yeah, hoisting.
Hank, did it?
Yeah, asked the program director.
Wow.
A lot of questions this audience would like to ask the program director if we could find that simple.
And if you've seen him lately, Clarence is he still showing up there or what?
Haven't seen him lately.
Now, when do you sound like in a good mood?
It's part of those big B.M.s.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, how about psycho.com?
It's so easy, even if it's in WAM.
And QAM, then, can do it.
Yeah, that's it.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
What is it?
How come I can't hear these callers?
If you've got the pot closed or they don't know, they just be weird.
Oh, WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I agree with you about the reshuffling of the talent.
It kind of reminds me of the professional 14th grade.
And QAM, you know, the re-tread.
That's correct.
You know, the re-tread.
Yeah.
That question, when you had Rick Shaw on last week, he said he forgot to turn down the, uh,
closest to wattage.
One night, we could hear the signal way out.
Right.
Hundreds of, why don't they do that for a night time?
It's things like all of this.
You can't hear the spaces that well.
And I guess that's the thing.
You have to protect the signal.
Let's see FCC.
It's the order to protect the signal, those, uh, other stations on your frequency.
Uh, okay.
Well, I guess the, uh, the answer might be...
It's because AM radio, AM radio is a...
BAM, BAM!
Oh, I messed with that, yeah.
Well, I even learned today is terrible.
I mean at night, it seems an honor times work.
Yeah.
But you have a nice day, Neil.
And back to you, pal.
Thanks for the good news.
5670560, pound 568.
You would think now, like, I shouldn't say you would think.
You may be back in the day you would think.
And we had an audience.
But after that revolutionary call from Joel Feinberg, the general manager,
cross the street of the ticket, 790 on the dial, our new employer,
and our agree, you know, the fact that we agreed to negotiate a new deal for us to go over there on Monday,
you'd think that this audience would be...
The phones would be on fire, wouldn't you?
What, what do they care?
They tune into this one.
They tune into that one.
What difference?
280, uh, kilo cycles on the dial.
Now, 790, the interesting part of that would be...
Because that used to be WNWS.
It also used to be WFUN.
Right?
Those are great call letters.
Who's got those now?
Somebody's somewhere.
Somebody's smart.
Yeah.
But anyway, then it was WNWS.
WNWS.
And of course, the reason the cash per chose those call letters is we were all news in the beginning,
except for at night a talk.
Me and the Jerry Wischner.
So, wouldn't that be, like, kind of like turning the clock back, going back to 790?
Which I...
What were you saying?
I think there are 10,000 lots I do believe.
I mean, I don't really know them.
Maybe they've got a better signal.
I know we'd get some promotion.
We'd get billboards.
I think Joe Fyneburg personally would go up and down Lincoln Road, mall with a sandwich board.
Neil Rogers is on my station.
Oh my God, the rider.
Wouldn't that be something?
That'd be something.
And I bet you he wouldn't threaten to put tapes on in the summer time around Fridays or whatever
while when you were on.
Like, like, fat ass, jolly, jolly.
Who hates you like poison, because Greg Reed told him you ought to.
Apparently.
WNWS.
I got a plate.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, I'd like to set up a day with Neil.
You want to do what?
Set up a picture.
Send a picture of what?
He wants to have a date with you.
Oh, he set up a date now.
WQAM, hello.
George already said, send a picture.
QAM.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Hey, now that Bob Arrotti's dead, you think the other 210ers will try to recruit Rick Sanchez?
WNWS, hello.
You know, the true motive would is war with N.S. Revealed during his abs.
The picture of what?
So he is back for his abs.
No, that's possible.
The true would have spoke off in Iraq.
That is the father's expected photo.
The way in how he was not in compared to the expected old one, unfiltered off.
What was that?
Is that Rush?
That somebody's playing the back?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
I couldn't hear because it was, I am, I'm a little bit more like that.
567-0560, Palm 562 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
You're not helping me, folks, make my decision.
We're trying to work with the audience to see whether we should just fly to Coop and go right across the street.
And I wouldn't have to go anywhere, you would, but I wouldn't have to go anywhere.
Right.
Because I'm sure that Joel would sit up.
All I have to do is just dial up this number and connect the, you know, with...
Sure, just flip a switch.
Just flip a switch and by the way, there I would be.
Because I would have to be part of the deal.
Trust my 40-week-see-your-vecation plus the summary of the deal, you know.
Plus getting paid several days earlier, repay the...
All of these...
All of these things.
WNQ-Y-M, hello.
How you doing, N.S.?
Okay, sir.
All right.
I just wanted to say something about that one guy, Mayor Nargo.
You know, instead of calling him the anti-gay toilet, they should call him the anti-republic in toilet.
WNQ-Y-M, hello.
Oh, yeah, N.S.?
What is it?
What is it?
It's the word combination.
I know 790.
But let me ask you something.
Let me ask you.
Is it your phone or have you got some kind of intestinal problem?
Because I can just...
You sound like you're straining.
How come I can't hear you?
I don't know.
I'm already now.
A little bit better.
The worst phone in history.
What kind of a phone is that?
Don't tell us.
Go ahead.
I just think what a combination.
If...
That's in my head, you.
Yeah.
Get a new phone.
WNQ-Y-M, hello.
I would say no.
I would not move.
If I was you, I would not move.
If I was you, you hear?
If you say it again.
He was me.
Yeah.
I would say, because you know, Greg Bell might not be too mad at you if you we.
Greg Bell?
I'm saying if you we, so don't think that Greg.
WQ-Y-M, hello.
Q-I-M.
Not there.
Boy, that's one of the data sound aligns, I've ever heard.
That is very quiet.
I like it.
Q-I-M, hello.
It was an improvement over that.
Q-I-M, hello.
You should go to 790 and do a show.
It's too bad.
I still got oh there's the stu-gots lady yeah
Played he is right another person who don't belong on a year stu-gots even for a second
I just looked at their website by the way that the George Sedan was not a bad looking kid that works over there
I mentioned that to you before did you he looks all the long time ago and I said he's
I don't mean you your speed yeah he looks pretty good but the stu-gots he don't sound pretty good or look pretty good
He don't belong on a year and he's got a witch dad and he's the what is he now is he the station manager is that his title?
I mean the whole it's it's laughable baby next thing Robert Griefer is gonna be the general manager QIM
because he knows where all the bodies are buried he knows where all the naked pictures are the beeslies
yeah and the billi-gothes well I'm so glad I'm not playing those awful John Fesenda junior
Good morning Americans it's Paul Harvey stand by for news
George placed a bouquet of flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother and then started back towards his car
When his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a grave site
The man seemed to be praying with profound
Intensity and kept repeating why did you have to die? Why did you have to die? Why?
Did you have to die?
George approached him and said sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief
But this demonstration of pain is more than I have ever seen before for whom do you mourn so deeply a child?
apparent
The man took a moment to collect himself and then replied my wife's first husband
now page two
Carl was strolling down the street as he passed the large building with a fence around it
He heard a group of people chanting 69 69 69 over and over again
Curious Carl tried to see over the fence but could not
And then he spotted a hole in the wooden fence
He put his eye to the hole and managed to spy some old people sitting in deck chairs chanting
Before a finger came out of nowhere and poked him in the eye as he staggered back
He heard the chant 70 70 70
Paul Harvey
Good day
Good day
Fuck third man
1245 at 560 W and let's say banter day
I'll tell you one thing the audience is just in a frenzy about Joel Feinberg's call man
I made an impact today
I can tell
I just checked the amized space both of the sites and there was one message
There was an any not a rumble not a not even a trickle
Not like a ripple in the water when you throw like a little pebble across the lake
There's not even like a little ripple you know
Maybe they're drinking some ripple
I have plenty of acting on mind but not about that
You've had what?
Plenty of action on my my space but not about that
You have?
That's because you're doing all kinds of whoopee on yours
Well I better start doing that
Why don't you?
863 votes
Who is your least favorite departed QM host?
Moe Howard David did the wins the prize 236
The booby prize
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D
All of the above 197
Scott Farrell 105
Geldy 98
Not good
The crow was 69
Kenny Walker 53
D-Fo 35
Mark Eisenberg 28
Ron Hershey Highway 21
And Joe Castello 21
Same person
567-0560
Pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line
WDQ-YM Hello
By grenade here for I think I'll arm fairly daily to
WDQ-YM Hello
Just sitting in your car like the speedy Camel
It ain't like you always can do
What is it?
What do you say?
That's the mailing it in guide
We have an in here what he said
Blah blah blah
Mail it in like you always say
Yeah mail this okay
Welcome
567-0560
Pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line
There's not a call on that board
Maybe it's his dead as a doormel
We were really on our way
I think maybe the whole Joel fineberg thing
Maybe that was a plot
Because he would do anything to hurt us
Kind of threw us off our feed
Ginger you know that's this market for you
The only time it's predictable is like
When it's alien and something ethnic or something
It has to with good hate
Good old country hate
As Joe Dodg-Yola would say
Good old country hardball and good old country hate
That's what they did
Sink their teeth and do
But something revolutionary like the GM
From across the street
Calling to offer me a job on here
Intempering with my contract
Right and the open here in public
I think that's fantastic
Thank you Joel
When do we start over there
WDQ-YM Hello
Q-A-M Hello
Q-A-M-O-L-A
Nail
Yes
Before me you Marko
WDQ-YM Hello
Nail how are you
Okay sir
Ten years out of here
I wish you leave them because Q-A-M
Treats you like crap
And they think
That they can do with you
Whatever they want because
Probably no one else would pick you up
Because of the media consolidation and all that stuff
I think you should leave and go
He obviously wants to waste money
And if he goes down the air
To you know
Like that from there some so
At least he wants to you know
How is he bad man he wants me real bad
Everybody said about something about a pickle I heard that
Have a great day pali
Okay
You too well
I'll read the dirge
WDQ-YM Hello
K-L-A
Yeah
How you doing boss
Okay pali
I can totally see you at 790
With more hours
You guys back together again back and forth
If you grab me
Yeah
WDQ-YM Hello
WDQ-YM
Q-A-M
Oh yeah I'm sorry
First of all
If you left Q-A-M
Now if you like the death sentence for that station
Yeah
And can you maybe recap the series of events
That led to this for people who are in here
Well what do you mean by series of events
Well yeah
I read you he made a call on Monday
But I'd like to hear a little more information
A little more detail about how that went
No no he's going to make a call on Monday
The next Monday
Is that even really possible for you to go every day
Well you never know
All right if you do
I'll do a fire
Okay thank you so much
Well you never know because you know
That's one thing when people keep
There's been no promotion of this show
They've violated every part of the con
In fact the interesting part of it is on Monday morning
I'll whip it out in the contract too
I got it sitting in the drawer over here
I've got it in my drawers
You'll whip it
I'll whip it out
For Joel Feinberg
Well he said something about the
Putting the old pickle in the barrel
I don't know it's something like a come on to me
Now George Sagan will throw him in the deal
There okay Joel
Maybe you'll have maybe you'll have the deal
He could be your onsite producer there
Into where you go yeah
I do him onsite I'll tell you that
At least if it's on the picture on the website
What do you laugh about
Oh I was crystallizing the buddy face
He's probably not a broadcast
You're I don't know I have no idea
What kind of a show he's doing
Of them sports
WDQYM Hello
I think they're quite the man's element
WDQYM Hello
A deal
Yes sir
The LDS capture lighting and a bottle
Of the check-out
He is doing it
Yes, it's
Let that serve out their food
And just
We see each other's fun
They're probably going to tell us
That they love it
Okay dump that please
I would I'll do it here but I don't know if it's going to be
Yeah, we got it
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 5 6 10 the Verizon singular wireless line
Gildey has got lighting and a bottle
Maybe that's why he sounds like that
That would that would explain a lot
WDQYM Hello
Hello Howard just called
That get his name off your pole
Meal boy
Go away
WDQYM Hello
Hello Neil
Yes
I already voted on the pole last night
And I voted for Scott Poel
Because not that I listen to anyone else
That you on QAM but
Or always absolutely the worst
I do miss Mo Howard because he
Provided you with some of the best material you've ever had
To do do do do
Two things real quick
You mentioned that
Religious person that just died
And one of the things
You know you're always talking about
How you know
We always pay attention to the Lindy row hands
And the parents help him to not be important things
And I'm in complete agreement with that
But what this Tammy say that piece of crap died
Recently the group or that came out
And said what a wonderful she woman is
What women she was
She woman now
They seem to forget that
Her husband went to jail
But when she was a part of the whole thing
She was just as much of a con artist as he was
A lot of those people
That they took advantage of were elderly people
And with the trailer parks
I mean this woman was nothing short
And the last thing in closing is
What I think like to rely on
And comedy central I think 11 p.m.
Or midnight is Bob and Tom's second
Comedy tour
Okay
So you may want to keep out or whatever
They're kicking ass up here in Palm Beach County
I listen to them every day
I just took them off the air
They're taking them on
I heard you say that the other day
And you know what
It's it's foolish
Because they dominate up here every morning
And I can I've been listening to them
For I guess over five years
What a shame it would have been if they were
Would have put them on this station
Would that have been a bad move
Yeah you don't think they can double
What you're making now that's all
Good luck to us pal
You have a great day
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the
For writing then that's because they don't do a sport show
Maybe they don't talk about the
Keens the Keens and the fins and the fins and the
Keens and the Keens and the fins
Oh my god
You see you think we got promised with calls
All the way have a lot of them coming in now
Because Joel Feinberg stirred up the audience
He stirred the pot
He stirred the pot and George started smoking it
And you want us to put that in your contract too
That you get so much weed every week with the deal
Uh just I'll take the money and I'll buy the weed
I know where to get it
Oh
Nobody Q I am hello
Hey good afternoon Neil
Yes sir good afternoon
Thank you for taking my call
Thank you for making your call yet
Now is it true that Joe Rose is supposed to announce the game
On Sunday but yeah
That company hasn't said anything about that
How to hell would I know
Well there's supposed to be a three man
Booth for the football
Jimmy syphilis and the mad dog and the little dog
Joe Rose supposed to be on the games
I don't know what is he said
They said that they have not announced
Anything about it yet
Mad dog was saying that yesterday on his show
He was saying what
That he's supposed to be doing the streetman booth
But there's been no official announcement
Nobody's talked to him
There's been no meeting with the three of the guys together
And that figures as per for the course
Right Neil
Well wherever you go sir I will follow
Thank you very much
That's what little piggy mart said too
Follow I'll follow remember that RCA Victor Records
RCA Records
Little piggy mart
I bet you've got that I will follow you
Darling up right now
You got it
I think so
It's computer slow today
I was saying 1961 or two
I believe I was living in Boston back in the day when it was a big hit
Terrible song
I will follow him
I don't know what it was
I think that's pretty much
I think the guy is dying
You got it?
No
You don't know if you've got it
No not getting it up
More of that movie where Gibson
I got it
I got it
Well that wasn't a funny movie at all
I was high anxiety with Mel Brooks
That was on a couple days ago
And you know something
Now there's a movie that supposedly is hilarious and etc
And I had hadn't seen it in years
It's not funny
No it's not
Not even remotely funny
High anxiety
Not that Mel Brooks
Wasn't never funny but that's just a one of the
And
AFI the American Filaments to Tutes God
After 100 years
100 movies they're 10th anniversary edition
The top 100 movies at the last 100 years
Aren't you excited about that
That would be a good pull
Although then it would work
They do that every year and they're all bogus
And guess what's number one
Citizen Kane
Yes
And guess what's number two
Citizen Kane's the suck by the way
Exactly with Orson Wells
When he was really fat
Number two the Godfather
The Godfather
I mean Citizen Kane couldn't wipe the Godfather's butt
It leaves it good
Take the can only
Exactly
Well I mean without the Citizen Kane knew about the mafia for Christ's taste
Even
Big shot
Knows more about it
Casablanca third
Not didn't you see you wouldn't watch that
I tried several times and I got pretty much
Raging bull is number four
We're talking about a bunch of Bolshevik good God
Raging bull my ass that movie is so bad
Singing in the rain
Oh yeah
With what was named Gene Kelly
Wasn't he in that
Yes, singing in the rain
How would you know that's 1952
Long before you were hatched
Gone with a win
Number six
Should I read some of these
Lawrence of Arabia
Number seven
That was that with that queen in Solor and Solivia
Schindler's list
Which I have in the other room
And I still have a watch
Because it's another
June movie
Of Vertigo
Oh Vertigo is
How can that be number nine
It's certainly not the best Hitchcock movie of all time
Like close
Not even close
Oh
Wizard of odds
City lights
The searchers
Star Wars
Psycho 14
How can Vertigo be nine and psycho 14
Who made this list the point obviously a bunch of glam
Wow
Charshank Redemption is number 72
First time on
The general from 1927 came on for the first time on list
And it's number 18
The general must be a silent movie
When you think I'm at 27
One of the stomach and talking when he's like 1930 or 31
They're boots
They're a boat
Right about the time we had the Frankenstein and
Dracula
What's their foe
WQAM
Where the action is
Hey, this guy's the real
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool
I listen to the new Rogers one or two
I mean I don't know
I just hear and balance one or two hours
WQW
This is our with the students
A government watchdog group files an ethics complaint against Idaho Senator Larry Craig
An undercover police officer said Craig made a sexual advance for him
In a restroom at the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport
Craig now says
Who wants to touch my monkey?
Craig went on the offensive
Denying involvement in a gay sex scandal involving Congressman and underage pages
He's touching my special area
That is a bad place to touch
And they were touching each other
In a statement he said, quote, they were misconstruing my actions
Thanks for touching my penis
Despite meeting guilty to this orderly conduct
The Senator denies any wrongdoing
They didn't even ask you to touch your winner
He is offered it
He already resigned a prominent role
in the Mitt Romney for President campaign
Take a walk pervert
102 at 560 it's our gigantic one and two
Are we are not going to make a thousand boats on a pool
It's because Joel Feinberg he screwed up the show
He threw us off our appointed grounds
Didn't we? We only got 888?
Probably by design
Wouldn't surprise me he would do anything
He never heard us
That's what fat ass Johnny Joe Bell is going to be saying on Tuesday
He would do anything to hurt us
Still I just checked the my space
Didn't do that one nothing
It's like all the rest of the time
When did the audience ever respond anything that I was talking about?
Almost never
Almost never
Unless it was alien
Oh yeah something like that
I could read the rest of the top 100 movies of all time here
That would kill some time because there's no calls on the board
Oh there's one
WDQA and hello
Deal
Yes
I'm very fine the George
I've heard what never heard of yet
That's all right
I wouldn't solve it never be hard
Yeah right
560505 60 pound 560 any Verizon singular wireless line
Network is number 64
Which of course belongs to anybody's top ten list
I'm as much as hell
I don't think it's anymore
Oh
There are some others on here
Like a clockwork orange is number 70
The 70 you know that movie
Sad
Isn't that pathetic tragic
Here's the facts from Bob and Crossbrings who says as the saying goes
I walk a mile for a camel so I'd easily switch my dial from QM to 790
Hopefully this would be easier than the switch from my WDQA to 560
Where you had to abide by six month non-compete
Hopefully it would be just as good
But I got paid off to go away for seven months wasn't six or was seven
I got paid not to work for seven months
Here's what it says a few things to consider
If you're at any non-compete you should negotiate more vacation
Perhaps in the summer you could only work Wednesdays
You need to strongly to show
Stronger promotion of the Anya Roger show
Taking George's a must
Get the words back get the sounds back
And maybe you could do some hockey talk. Oh, yeah, that would do a tank. Tunky-tong
Lastly what the F was clear about thinking over the last few years
I listen to the Joe Roe show on 790 now
Clara gets Joe back and immediately changes and destroys the equity of the name of the Joe Roe show
Joe did a fine job as a single but Clara changes the name and Jason
Why is it necessary for a two-man show? That's a good question for just three hours
You need to run for the hell so more quickly than the NR show in 790 since Bob and Crossbrings
I'm moving quickly although the audience seems a non-plussed unimpressed. I guess they're not taking it seriously
Maybe they think that was a phony a stunt call by you know all our calls are set up
I pay people to make these deals now they do that over there
2001 is number 15 great dialogue
Now this list is so bogus. It's kind of like a joebell. It's boi and clearance bogus
WDQYN hello
Neil yes
Yeah, I have a fiery fort
Yeah
This is uh uh third guy named Tom he was singing at a karaoke bar
Yeah Georgia
He said he was in radio sales he's in Tampa
Yeah, he turned out to be a little Tommy Deneburve
Oh good. I know he'd find his niche WDQYN hello
WDQYN hello
Yeah George speak with nail all come part
WDQYN hello
Neil yes
WDQYN hello
QYM Ola that was the meal that was at least two gods
WDQYN hello
This is Jason Jackson on 560 QAM
WDQYN hello
Blind blind Mike. Oh now these two are getting with them
Well it's a good thing that I'm starting to segue this hour into all these stories
898 votes on the poll that's another good job there by joebell
Hell of a fantastic job him and Norma Kent working together glammed in hand
Because you know joe he's got a PI he's got a private investigator
And he's gonna go out and get these four or five guys around him all up
He's gonna do you know he's gonna do squad
And when he squats man then I'd head for the hills
Because that aroma is gonna put you into a comment
Yeah
Yeah
898 and a pool I don't think we can make the thousand now
What did we just say for 950 Chris this is very disappointing
I think we had the hunt the 1000 licked earlier
I will go for 950 today
We were licking it
And now we got just 902 we 98 votes in 53 minutes
What's the ratio one Eric or the Ericsson thing
We need 1.9 a minute to get to a thousand that's not gonna happen
Well that's like two a minute I forget what we usually what what can we handle can we handle two a minute
Yeah, why not I could handle two appear
And after a B 52 bomber mistakenly loaded with five nuclear warheads through from minor
Air Force base north Dakota to barks the other force base lose you in on august 30
Resulting an Air Force wide investigation according to three officers where I's not to be identified
Because they were authorized to discuss the incident
The B 52 was loaded with advanced cruise missiles part of an offensive firm in effort to decommission 400 of the ACMs
But the nuclear warhead should have been removed at mine out before being transferred to barkstale
Missiles were mounted on the pylons of the bombers wing well there you go
Just a minor mistake oops oops
Let's just facts now a lot of facts is here
Diamond awards what what is this
Sofford oh this is the thing would Joel Fimer, but I don't see the picture though
Sofford a business journal and levenson jurors present the diamond awards on September 6th which sounds like yesterday to me or today
The diamond awards give the community an opportunity to honor Broward County CEOs whose exceptional leadership has helped to set standards in the corporate community
Well, this is some kind of a are we invited this
You might get another free meal on of this
Join us and congratulating this year's honorees and among these are you still there do you've already here? Oh
Joel fine Joel fineberg sports talks seven 90 to ticket is getting an award at some big dinner like he needs a free dinner
He needs it like I need a heroids, okay
With all that money joy. You don't need to be no free dinners
I know too on our poll and it's very very sad wait we were on fire there until he called and I think he extinguished it
When you think you when you think it would be like Barry jackass with right to think because on Friday morning
He usually writes this thing in the herald
Yeah, we're right a blurb in the paper about how Joel Fimer called new rogers on the year on QAM live and offered him a job to come over and do mid days on the ticket
And the QM first now by the way were a wall they were like they had nothing to say their mom
Probably will pack your salami sandwich fat, so
WQAM hello
Hi, yeah, how you doing salami and Swiss please I like trief yes sir. I have a theory about the nuclear war has
Uh, they were going to see if they could get away with it so they can bomb us and blame the terror. No, okay WQAM hello
QAM hello
Hello, yes
Is Neil yeah
You feel like you bought from the factory
So
WQAM hello
George
Oh, God WQAM hello
No
WQAM hello
Oh, right
Hello
WQAM hello
For the first time in a long time yeah right
Neil, you know that George in between us and George in between us Reverend John
And the only one thing I'd like between us a bullet head in your direction or maybe a whole bunch of John
Would be good
WQAM hello
Hold out for FM
Pulled out for FM and whatever with that piece here what would that be?
Kpx
Kpx
Kpx
And go to Piperheim, go to sign up
They hate me at Piperheim remember that com from that bitch. Yeah, I don't believe that though
You don't believe what that they hate you there at Piperheim
Well, and I'm sure that there was his name footies probably holding seminar is going over there if you want to be a radio
Don't be like that near Rogers that fat Faggot don't do anything like that. He's a non-radio
Be more like me be like footy, you know
Wasn't his nickname a Kay Walker said his nickname over there was tootsie
908 on the pull we need 92 votes. I don't think we're gonna do it
rectum
I am not gay
I never have been gay
Let's make one thing perfectly clear first you move your foot see from the heel to the toe
Make the topping sound as you move it to and throw
Point it towards the stall and someone you don't know and then you tap around and tap around like more's cold
Run your fingers all along the bottom of the stall
To signal that you're ready for some pilot chin ball when he signals back he wants to take all your sack
Right that's what's called the baggity top
To the cold around to find a glory hole if none can be found squirm down by the hole
Push your head through to the other side and ask of you and he want to see I to fly
You're in the public place so make it fast
At least until you both have a blast then your genuine blitz and
Hold up your pants
That's what's called the baggity top
Unless the other guy shows you his badge
You're looking for the glory hole 117 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy Thursday to you
We have 915 and at 4 we're not gonna make the thousand as very sad we'll be close but we aren't gonna make it
Postmanose cigar remember those great days when we used to have the cigars coming all the time. Oh, yeah, miss those days
Mm back when we hit an audience back when we hit like salespeople are really you know communicated with us beside muff
Here's an article from raw story. It says move over Larry Craig the most feared man on Capitol Hill promises
He's gonna release the names of a few more closeted Republicans in a month to come all right
In a Tuesday profile of Washington outing blogger Mike Rogers by Jose Antonio Vargas the 43-year-old actor
This is he plans to release the names of few more closeted congress members on his blog blog active
The one-time fundraiser out of Larry Craig on his blog last October following his post the Idaho statesman dispatched to report this story
A piece that remained canned until revelations that Craig was arrested for loon conduct in that Minneapolis airport bathroom in August
Larry Craig wasn't the first in my list Roger told the post and the Idaho Senator announces reservations some that Saturday won't be the last
His intention to resign that is he's intending or wasn't ending but maybe he intends to yeah
Years before outing game members of Congress became fashionable Rogers was hot on the trail
Rosteray joined Rogers and reporting on closeted game members of Congress and senior officials who preached an anti-gay agenda in public
They lived another life in private private
In 2004 following up on a blog post rosteray joined Rogers and reporting on
California Republican David drier who according to associates and former challenger lived with his male chief of staff
Follow-up stories further revealed the drier paid his chief of staff from both his committee and office funds at a higher rate than
similar life experience aids
The report which threw attention from the LA Daily News and Hustler
Fairly draw attention from the mainstream press at the time and editor from the LA Times declared the piece an on story and a conversation with Ross story in this reporter
The Washington Post omitted Rogers work on drier drier has vehemently denied allegations of his homosexuality to which I would say you ferry
After being handpicked by Ristwell House majority leader Tom Delay as his temporary successor drier mysteriously
Vanished from the shortlist after a piece on Ross story revealing early reports that he previously lived with his chief of staff
The post also left out represented Jim McCruery Republican of Louisiana who Rogers blogged about in October 2004
In addition the article makes no mention of the outing of former Republican National Committee chairman Ken Melman an architect of the Bush victory in 2000 or the former CEO and director of the
Ministerate for the Republican National Committee jade banning
This site reported on both
Melman denied allegations of his homosexuality banning said co-workers knew that he was gay
Gay two months before Rogers had targeted the then Virginia Congressman Ed Schrock after a source supplied audio
recordings of Schrock calling a gay phone sex line
Honor recording Schrock described what type of man he was looking for including his endowment
Uh, hi, I weigh 200 pounds. I'm six four blonde hair very muscular very buffed up very 10
I just like to get together a guy from time to time just to play the first while representative said
I'd like him to be in very good shape flat stomach good chest good arms
Well hung cut just get naked play and see what happens nothing really heavy duty
But just fun time go down on him he can go down on me and just take it from there. Hope to hear from you by
Roger said he targeted truck because of his voting record on gay rights and a comedy made the Virginia pilot in 2000
About gays in the military you're in the showers with them you're in the bunk room with them
You're in the state roots with them state rooms with them. He said Schrock bowed out of his reelection race
Rogers also blogged about ex-congressman Mark Foley months before instant message of him
So seeing congressional pages surfaced on the web the Florida Republican devoted various times against gay rights
I write about closeted people whose records are anti gay or I just told the post if you're a closeted
Democrat or Republicanian don't bash gays or vote against gay rights to gain political points. I won't out you
According to Vargas's post profile
Rogers came out in his early 20s to spend the bulk of his life working for gay organizations
And it goes on but a bit bit of a bit about doesn't say how hung he is or whatever
920 votes on the pool boy really sad. I think Joel. I don't know. He I think he put a hex
Is it possible to do that like over the phone?
Why not
Call up father Miran and see if he can conduct an exorcism on the phone not just for him, but I think for obvious other reasons as well
Maybe that's what our phone needs a good exorcism
921 votes least favorite QAM departed host
Moe 250 nobody even close
All to be above 214 Scott for all 111
Gildey 104 the crow 74 Kenny Walker 58
D435 mark ison berth 31 I can't believe they're 31 people even remember him you know
Who?
Exactly joke castello 23 and Ron hercy only 21 and that's because nobody remembers Ron hercy
Who hit the hercy highway and left town is sunny fossil on kiss or what
Do we know I don't know do we care no
Boy, I sure wish I could play that dropping man
The one where he says yeah, hi, this is sunny fox. I was in the aradius because I can hear the word out
Oh
Well, that seems to be making a comeback this time I work. Do you notice in the book? I hope you read notice yeah, I did
Good we dumped it
No, no, oh yes
Yes
That's the one that goes
We don't want to play the whole thing bits of ass. That's where we got oh boy
We're under 21 votes is all we got boy. This is really a sad state of affairs
Maybe it's because they think I'm a turn code you know if we if we turn tail and got their line who who the audience the audience
Oh, yeah, they're so loyal to the station they would never listen to another station for any reason
You're not getting a lot of calls about your rose coming back to town to the station. Well when they hear it with
Keep Jackson when the show starts and they hear him maybe we'll get some well one second to start
I don't know any spots in our right. We have viewers now sound they're doing live spots
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey sunny's on xm
sunny fox. Yeah, yeah, he does the comedy introduce all the comedy shows on how many guys
okay, thanks for the bad news Sunny fox's on xm even a schmuck like him is indicated. How do you like that?
He's on satellite. He's on something
Just a joke sunny. Just a joke he always sounded in court didn't think didn't say my
I don't know that. Off his ass. I told you right there
WQ is that it Q a m. Hello
Hello
now to his class.
WDQAN, hello.
QAN.
I punched it.
That's a bad sign there.
Oh, there it went.
QAN, hello.
Oh, my God, you picked right up.
Yeah.
I don't remember.
I missed it so much.
The old Panther games.
But do you remember when you were talking about Jody Hall all the time and his wife called
in and you just, you must have turned red like a beat, I swear.
No, I did not.
Jody Hall's wife loved me.
What are you talking about?
I know.
She came to see me talking again.
So why did I turn red?
Because I thought her husband was hot.
So what about it?
He loved me too as a matter of fact.
Oh, man, I missed those guys so much.
Yeah, well good.
Keep living in the past, pal.
I keep living in the past.
I missed those guys so much.
Stoey bars and Jody Hall and Mike Huff and Billy Lindsay.
We love the Panthers.
Are they still in the league?
Let's get some hockey talk going.
Edelho crank it up.
In fact, that's going to be my deal with Joel Feinberg because I'm going to do a hockey
show.
First goal for the first time in this series.
Are they a deep, he is just by let's go.
Oh, there's that constipated Chris Cuffford from the Affirmary CVC.
The point is that the missing can back to the blue line.
Download a shark.
The series has blocked in front of the Nathana Rather.
That's great.
You're there by Conver Lake.
Yeah, let's get the Leafs to the games on here.
Let's assemble cast Leafs TV to Elgis over the top.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
So Joel Feinberg and Casey Tune in late, you must say very, it was one of the most amazing
moments in radio history.
That's, don't you think so?
It's the first.
I've got to say, been in the business the long time now and I've never heard of it.
And you've been a hundred bit.
The general manager from the competition across the street calls in.
We're doing screenless, of course.
I pick it up and he claims it's Joel Feinberg and then come to find out it was him.
He sounded a little bit too lively to be the guy spoke to a couple of weeks ago when he
was here in town.
Well, maybe that was his radio voice.
Maybe that was it.
And it's come to find out that it was him.
And now he's sending messages.
He's text messaging with George back and forth.
But at first he said I was in A-hole and then he said he's going to call on Monday and
make the deal on the year.
But it's nothing personal.
I mean, he probably does still think that but nevertheless.
Well, maybe I am in A-hole, but I brought the money making A-hole.
He used to draw a big audience when I was on a real radio studio.
You're allowed to do a radio show.
Yeah.
And when anybody knows that we're on.
I mean, well, what are these people thinking?
I know that thinking is probably the wrong word.
But what are they thinking?
What are these people here in this building?
Yes, the people in that building.
What do they think they're going to do?
What do you think they're going to do?
How do you think the dolphins are going to do?
Oh, my God.
I think the gate is going to do the good stuff.
Oh, yeah.
That really turned us around, baby.
How back home.
Yeah.
When we got to dolphin broadcast.
And of course, we got Jimmy Cifilis doing the games because the dolphin management, they
think that he's a play-by-play guy.
Wow.
WDQYM, hello.
Leo, I'm in the next stall.
If I tap myself, what do you tell me?
I tap this.
Yeah.
Oh, wait, that's not the right one.
Ha, ha, ha.
That's the right one.
That's the right one.
That's the right one you can't play.
Wonderful.
WDQYM, that's my 60th.
Oh.
Take it, baby.
I can't take too much butter.
It shoots right out my ass.
Bed, fur, and aparinga.
Blooming to the can.
Now, smell my dad's cake for Santa Clara.
And cold water's free, yeah.
We're going to watch fun in Christmas.
Then I get so far.
Yeah.
I can't take too much butter.
I can't take it at all.
I ask for it from all extra.
And especially sorbet's all.
I know, I feed so much in a quick shot.
I want to know the world of my dad.
He's got a lot of love to eat, but I just can't say such a thing.
I can't take too much butter.
It goes through me too fast.
And three times I feed it.
I have to change my pants.
I can't take too much butter.
OK, 133, 27.25, 60.
We're not going to make 1,000 votes on a poll today, not even close.
Thanks, Joel.
You sandbagged us.
I don't know how he did it.
I don't know.
Teleport was on fire.
And he extinguished it.
We got 9.30.
We need 70 votes in 27.
Not even possible.
Impossibly.
So what about 9.50?
How does that sound, Chris?
Sounds good to me.
Chris says he'll settle for 9.50 an hour.
Hey, it's not his number.
He has a good period.
The senior pastor of a Tulsa Baptist Church was arrested outside of Northwest Oklahoma
City Hotel after allegedly propositioning undercover officer police said, oh, no.
Sounds very gay to me.
Lonnie Way Latham, 59th Senior Pastor at South Tulsa Baptist Church, was arrested
to his in a complaint of offering to engage in an act of lootness.
He was released on $500.00 there yesterday.
Officers working in the area of Northwest 39th Avenue and Pennsylvania have no
for receiving several complaints.
Complaints.
Complaints.
A big apartment that men were, I started sounding like Lenny Martezza for a second.
The men were flagging down pastors by propositioning them asking if he could perform oral sex
on them.
About 9.45 p.m. the Plain closed officer was driving an unmarked car and investing in
the complaints with a car began following the officer's car.
Both cars then pulled into a parking lot on the southeast corner of Northwest 39th and
pulled in their cover officer.
He had a hotel room at a nearby motel and asked the officer to go back to his room with
him for oral sex.
Backer said.
Latham was arrested a short time later in the parking lot of the Habana Inn.
His car was impounded.
A conviction on offering to engage in lootness charge if one is filed against him carries
apparently up to a year in jail and or a $2,500.
Latham is one of four executive members of the National Southern Baptist General Convention
from Oklahoma.
How do you like that?
Heidi Wilbur, and spokeswoman for the Baptist General Convention of Oklahoma, said in
the statement the group is deeply grieved by his arrest, our first concern is for his
church and family, she said, as Christians we reach out to those who are hurt.
Right.
He's hurting.
In 2004, Latham spoke out against the statewide measure that established the Oklahoma Lottery.
He also supported the Southern Baptist Convention's policy that urges its members to be friend
gays and lesbians and convince them that they can become heterosexual.
Right.
Like that.
That's right.
Wave that magic, uh, that's how they got to work in the first place.
They waved the magic thing.
Why 670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line?
Here were St.
His moments ago that we thought one of the most revolutionary events in radio history
happened and the phone is his debt is the door and ill.
And so is the poll.
934 is all we got.
They got still gots and look at what we got.
An empty phone.
I think I'm going to start spinning wax.
Do it.
I think that's the only solution.
Why am I stupid enough to think that going back to the cause that anything would change?
Why would I think so?
I think all you know you.
After a whole year, half of the year is coming.
Some of these people suddenly have anything to say about anything.
Am I a crazy person or what?
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
And an A-hole.
Oh, I forgot.
Thanks, Joel.
And back at you by the way.
WDQ AM Hello.
Jim DeFeedy has more WDQ AM Hello.
And this is Chuck Meyer and Gale by Napoleon Complex.
560756.
Oh, the red.
Do you know?
5607560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Pretty slow here on the poll on the phone.
I think he drove him off.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Hello, Neil Howe.
Okay, sir.
I have to say, between last Thursday and today,
with Rick Shaw and Joe Flimberg,
at first I thought it was a prank.
So in my car, and then when George said,
you know, he just called back and called me whatever.
I thought, you know, everybody should tune in.
10 or 5 on Monday.
That's correct.
They won't, they won't, because they're not said,
they're not said by an end of this.
They just don't get it.
No, I mean, I believe George, when he said,
no, he's factoring, he texted me this stuff and...
That is correct.
Well, there's fabulous radios.
Thank you very much.
Okay, you're welcome, North to charge.
Well, there are some of you that's getting into it a little bit.
Anything sport, this is really unusual and weird and strange
and pretty bizarre and revolutionary in Yadi-Adiah.
And as nothing to do with the ball games,
don't know any scores.
We do have some numbers, like 935 on the pole,
which is very, very weak.
But we'll make that 950 though, and Crystal feel better.
He'll feel like a real man.
WQA-M.
Hello.
I'd like to give a shout out to my peeps.
WQA-M. Hello.
Hey, guys.
Yes, sir.
Happy Thursday, sir.
You're nearly back to you.
How's it going today?
No, it's the usual.
Quick question.
Have you heard about that scandal with Howard K and the other guy?
Larry Burkett.
Yeah, Larry Burkett and Jerkett and whatever.
What do you think?
I mean, you've got the eye like, what do I, I don't care.
I don't know what I couldn't care less.
What do I mean?
What do I think?
Well, we're gonna, are we gonna revisit
Ann and Nicole and all the associated idiots with it?
Who cares?
Are there first screamingers?
Do they look like screamers, do you sir?
Do you know what a Screamer is?
Do you know what a Screamer is?
Yeah, that's a Screamer.
Wow.
Aw!
Hey, man!
WQA-M.
Hello.
Yes, please.
Yes, please.
Deputy QAAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
I got an idea that I will improve the radio station.
Yes.
Bring back DFO.
He's looking for a job.
Yeah, okay.
You bring him back.
Bring him back to the house.
Maybe he can do a stand-up in your living room or sit down.
DFO.
I don't understand these people with DFO, do you?
No.
I don't get it.
I mean, maybe they like corn.
They're corn sure is special, you know?
21 for two at 560 W.
We got mad dog at two this afternoon.
Don't forget, Monday at the 10.05 we're expecting that call in the bat line from Joel Feinberg.
We're going to negotiate our new deal.
Not just me.
See, I'll take care of you.
Chris?
I don't know.
What do you think?
Should we take him with us or not?
I don't know.
What about Josh Curtis?
What about him?
You want to take him over there?
I don't know.
We'll see what he says.
I'll talk to him.
He could handle a website.
That website of theirs sure could use some work, you know, instead of all the fake people
on there, the fake this one and the fake bad one.
I guess they think that's very funny, by the way.
Chris McGulls already over there, so we know we'll have a promotion.
That's true, we'll get some promotion.
It'll likely do some things for us.
See you on our top, little boy.
Goodbye Kenny.
Kimbo.
Let's pack our things and go.
Sure.
We got to clean up there and make room for the next bad morning show.
You know, that's the situation, sure, dear.
I know.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
The planning station's Lincoln girl.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Till in Ducicoma.
I don't think we've gushed enough over all the damaged columnist Jews.
You know?
We take pride in broadcasting.
Do do.
Do do.
It's a management state.
That is all it's saying.
To us all in half the least pain.
And when that fails.
And what you got there is a situation, amazing, but I love sports.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
The back one hill building's done.
Yeah.
Look, one less in there is here.
All you need to be successful in Brady home is two or three sport, whole sick of fanfares.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
Fight, sport.
145 out the door.
When you told me that Drew Rosenstein, Cran's house, was up with the Joe and what's his name this morning?
And that he did a live spot.
That's just put me over the edge.
I mean, you do actually hear this with your own ear or what?
Yes.
What is the fascination with him?
Other than he's got some sponsor that will like pay to put his ass on the ear?
What were they saying?
I don't want to hear what the sponsor is.
We don't want to blow out the sponsor because that's all we're here for.
Okay.
What is wrong with you?
Are you a crazy person or what?
Yes.
That's not what I'm talking about.
I'm just saying, what is the obsession with him?
So I guess basically what it boils down to the jolly jolly mentality and the philosophy of QM now is if you can find a sponsor
who will let you do a live commercial for them, we will put you on a ear.
Okay.
And you have to talk sports.
Oh, of course that goes without saying I could do that.
You could do what?
Find a sponsor.
Yeah, but you can't talk sports.
That's right.
So therefore you're out.
You're out.
So you better go across the street with me next week.
Yeah, I think I will.
56070560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
Sir, you are absolutely correct about Mr. Rosencrantz or Gilden Stern or whatever's name is.
He's got as much credibility as Larry Craig.
And quite frankly, he's Levitt Hart, twin brother.
I have no use for him and he's blocking up your airwaves.
You guys need to be like a plug toilet.
Exactly.
Exactly.
By the way, he likes to say that he's Jerry McGuire.
Let me tell you something.
That was Lee Steinberg.
He's a pale imitation of Lee Steinberg and he's a schmuck.
Amen.
I'm out.
Thank you.
You all said, how will it be a nice go on, pal?
He's good.
There's the best go we had all day.
Other than Joel Feinberg, of course, that he whole.
943 votes on the pool.
But that's weak.
I don't even know if we're going to get to 950.
I'm telling you, man, he did something.
He put the hex.
You know those rich people.
They got all kinds of gizmos and stuff.
He probably hired Mickey Dayne or one of those psychic people
to put a hex on the pool.
I wouldn't have been able to call him.
A Haitian voodoo witch doctor.
You think that's what it was?
We got lots of them here in town.
Or maybe a Jamaican witch doctor might have been it.
A Haitian.
Yeah, I'm on.
Which then Jamaicans, you know, they got the good stuff.
Some of them.
W-W-W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Let's talk politics.
I'm only a few years younger.
Are you still there?
I'm here.
I'm only a few years younger than you, but I do not believe in our lifetime
that either a black man or a woman will be elected president.
What do you think?
I think you're wrong on both.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So what should be the first one to happen?
Obama or Ms. Clinton?
I'm hoping for Obama, of course.
Uh-huh.
I think you're probably right.
There's a lot of clasers in America.
They just, you know, they'll find some other excuse
whether or not they want to vote for you.
It really has to do with the fact that you're black.
And have a great day.
He just vanished.
W-W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Daniel, what's up?
Yes, sir.
W-W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Ah, yeah.
W-W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
When we take the colors like Eddie across the street,
then they're going to miss this big time, you know what?
Then they're going to really regret treating us like crap.
You're going to be sorry if that asked, Jolly Joe.
W-W-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm not a sport-hole, but I haven't able to, uh,
listen to Hank and manage everyone's amount.
But that morning show was the same as the old show.
I tuned in twice yesterday.
The shoot it was like.
And the first time I tuned in, it was about football.
And the second time it was about all the road-induced,
whatever his name is, the sport agent.
It's the same show.
I just slammed my f*** in the door to get the memory.
Yeah.
So, you don't like Joe Rosen-Douge?
Joe Rosen-Douge, that's the man.
I just slammed my f*** in the car door just to forget the memory.
Okay.
See ya.
Well, he's good with that button.
Why?
He's good with that button.
Is he?
Is that color?
Self-sensory?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, I was listening last night to one of your old cities,
like 95, 97, the, uh, Camila House City you put out there.
Yeah.
And, uh, the material that's in there, Jesus,
if you could play that on the radio now,
you, you have like, like 20 points because,
yeah, well, guess what?
We can't and we don't.
I'd like to ask you, yeah.
We'd have 20 points.
940 votes on that pool.
Boy, we just, uh, it's like, like I said,
somebody put the caboch on us.
You think that maybe after a jewel fiber called in,
they turn the transmitter on?
The shish caboch.
The shish cabab?
So, how was the food today, by the way, from the road?
Are you kidding me?
It was spectacular.
Fantastic.
Yeah.
Things sold out in 18 minutes, by the way.
It's always an adventure when, uh, you got food from them.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Going back to when you are in the am.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M.
I said, you're gay.
Oh, thank you so much.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
We love it, George.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M.
How are you?
Dominic Q.A.M. How are you?
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, sir.
I'm sorry, let me read you down.
Please.
I got two rows.
I was really missed of the day to truth.
The stupid and better morning so it was so bad
I had to listen to Bid.
It was bad as he is.
But then I turned on and they have the Drew Rosenhaus hour on
and he's doing live spots for a little day
but he's on a positive sponsor.
They're killing himself from day two now.
I wish he could just be by himself and not with eight hours of
spots every hour.
Eight hours every five minutes.
Yeah, they're killing him.
They're not even giving him a chance to succeed.
They don't want to give him a chance.
They don't want to give anybody a chance.
Don't you understand?
They just want the F and money baby.
Don't you understand?
They just want the F and money.
Succeed my ass.
Anyway, we have 953 votes.
But we made our 950, Chris.
Aren't you excited?
I'm depressed.
So excited.
I am so depressed, man.
In fact, Monday when I make that new deal with Joel Feinberg
for us all to go across the street,
we'll even take Chris with us.
What they killed.
If he'll take you, by the way.
I don't know they'll take you.
That's true.
Because he might send a message to George.
He might send him a text message saying,
yeah, you're a, and I don't want Chris because he's an A-hole.
You're out.
Now here's a message that says,
Drew Rosenduesh is better than Dan LeBadduesh.
Oh, LeBadduesh.
LeBaster.
Yeah, I don't know if I really want to work with Dan LeBaster.
I guess I probably never have to see him though.
Tell me to listen.
Wonderful.
I'm sure he killed the feeling of me.
560.
Yes, man.
It's day.
If I have a child.
I'll whack at 560.
W-U-A-N.
Uh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
He unreasonable is in a weight of girls.
The paralyzed does it when
the groomer toar her.
But whatuwlaLmyD
She enjoys the company of chicks, doing all sorts of naughty tricks,
because she's a part of the living.
She has a little touch and a tell you the song.
Because she's a recreational lesbian,
thinking of girls with boys but bad in the ride.
But when she wakes up, who's next to her is a cowboy guy?
She's come, Kate, they call him a punk,
then settle up with Shannon Fuck.
Her former employee is a part of the lesbian.
You're fair.
When she gets sick of Steven Ben,
she's on the prowl, one volume gen.
Because Brittany is a part of the lesbian.
When she gets sick of going, she turns today.
And sometimes she goes to liberty, if that's good for Kate.
I guess she just gave up the mating days.
It's not for fun, maybe it's just a fail.
Her is like a linking seal.
She don't know what signals to give.
She's like a lesbian, essentially confused.
All time, a lesbian.
She's out all night just chasing tail.
It could be a male or female.
It works for Brittany's fears.
No more time, a lesbian.
Bye, bye, bye.
