New portion of this program will be reproduced without the express written permission at WQAM, BZ Broadcast Group Inc.
They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fighter than Hank Goldberg.
OOOH!
AIN'T!
Stential palminor covers over this performance by the golfers.
I can't take Claudette, he got a lot of distortion now.
Public chin or bisty ball best buying, most to go.
And tell me what street compared to the Highlanddale Beach, for the vibe, as far as living goes.
Unless you're 100 years old, plotter blows, hostile nasty bastards don't know the meaning of being nice.
It's hard and crappy in everyday.
Deshmami, toilet and angry swan, for colour whale dumb of worms.
I hope the ice boy melt and just drown this down.
10 out of 2 at 560 WQAM, happy Monday to you, October 29th.
We need to come up in a couple of days.
We got Josh Cortes with us today, George is on vacation all week, so it's Josh and Chris.
And then what's the story tomorrow?
We don't know yet. Trust me, I'll keep you posted.
Chris Clarence being the moron that he is, he's got the George working tomorrow.
And of course George isn't coming in during his week of vacation.
What a moron you are, or Clarence, is there any doubt about it?
What an idiot.
What a simple thing.
What a simple jackass, but nevertheless it fits right in with the ambiance.
So how about those fish baby?
Oh, every week that seems to be the new plan, as they score much of meaningless points right,
we're just before the end of the game to make it, give the appearance that they were in a game at some point.
I'm sorry a bunch.
Well, I mean some.
Okay.
And compared to the rest of the points, that was one of the worst games I have ever seen in my life.
That was just pathetic.
And big divots of the pitch were coming up in the year.
He was just crap.
Yes or was?
It was garbage.
But nevertheless, and then of course the Patriots scored 150 points against the redskins.
And they keep announcing on the NFL network that, well Bill Mollochuk and Joe Gibbs didn't shake hands at the end of the game.
And they keep showing the picture of them shaking hands at the end of the game.
Well, what is...
I guess they tried to whip up some excitement, right?
Of course.
And why did they have to do that when we got the big game of the century coming up next weekend?
Dolphins have a body, will not lose next weekend.
And what about the born again, Rockies?
I don't want to get too sports intensive, but what is shame?
No.
That's what happens when you come off as a bunch of far-bisoner goy-m and you know you try to push your religion on everybody else.
Keep the religion out of sports.
Okay.
Keep it out anywhere except the church shul, the mosque, all these places.
Put out a good mosque for Halloween.
And so the Rockies get swept by the red socks.
And the only bad part about that is we have to keep seeing John Henry.
Oh!
In the stands, what a nevish, what a twerp.
Over and over and I like the part where he said...
I must be crazy, I must be nuts.
Yeah.
I can't stand that man.
Now, isn't that two World Series is this anyone?
Of course not.
No, that's two.
No, that's two of the red socks in one with their Yamarlans.
That's true, yeah.
Three World Series is Chris.
No, you know, you get your...what?
John Henry didn't win it with the Marlins.
He was here in between the two World Series.
That was a...
Oh yeah, that's right.
And the second one is the Marlins.
That's right.
And that was when Wayne said, oh, I'm not in it for the fans.
I'm in it for the money.
Remember that?
Yeah, something like that.
One of the greatest lines ever.
Yeah.
Well, at least he was honest about it anyway.
We don't want to pick on Wayne, though, because it's in that contract with an orphan organization
that we have to sell out our soul to be of dolphins, to the O and A dolphins.
Wow.
They got to buy next week.
Now, who did they play the weekend for that?
What's their next day?
I believe it was Buffalo.
Oh, the Buffalo Bills.
Who won yesterday against the J.E. T.
Have you seen that spot?
I think it's a Budweiser spot.
Which one?
Jets fan.
What did they step in his green and white that saw you?
Well, the Jets were the only team back in their days.
We beat the NFC.
That's a private tell, no.
Haven't seen it?
Nope.
And it's a really kind of amusing seeing how bad they SCUC K right now.
Buffalo BITE!
Anyway, I got some bad news for you crazy people that are out there buying up the bottle
of water and plywood and crap.
I got to spy before yesterday from South Florida and come to find out that a lot of people
every time there's a storm with an 8 million miles, oh, we better go out and stock up now.
Tropical storm no well.
It's, so, you're not even in the cone anymore.
The Lord is not even in the cone.
Of course, there could be a last minute change, you never know.
Tropical storm no well.
Stop winds began weakening this morning, but the heavy rains dumped on Haiti and Laver.
Publicity of Minicone flooded roads and homes as the storm moved westward across the Caribbean Sea.
The National Hurricane Center, Miami called Noelle, which formed yesterday a major flood threat,
not in Florida, though.
At least not yet.
The storm could dump 8 to 12 inches of rain on the Laver.
Publicity of Minicone, I just like to say that.
Queue by Haiti and Jamaica, with totals as high as 20 inches in some areas.
These rains could cause light threatening flash floods and mudslines, forecast you said.
Maria Pereira, college student, Senator Domingo told CNN that the rain and wind intensity caught people
thereby surprised it was a horrible day.
A lot of rain and very intense winds.
She said flooding in the very four neighborhoods has forced many residents to leave their homes.
At five o'clock this morning, the storm was said to about 40 miles south of Haiti's capital port Alprins,
moving north northwest at about six miles an hour.
Noelle's top winds, which were up to 60 miles an hour earlier, dropped to 50 in latest advisory.
But, forecast you said, projecting Noelle will pass nearer over southern Haiti early this morning
across the eastern end of Cuba before turning northward toward the Bahamas.
Thank you, April.
Mon.
So it's not that I just looked at the cone on Earth, it's going well east of Florida,
and then do North and then who knows?
And who cares?
I wouldn't go out there and start to hop it up all the bottled water, and act like a jackass now.
Well, thank god.
Thank the Lord, baby.
Stay on good.
It's not bad enough that we're cursed with these dolphins with this organization.
Here's the poor from Friday, who should replace Hank Goldberg on WQAM?
The Humper, I saw him on ESPN on the Breeders Cup on Saturday.
I did.
You see him?
You see him with Kay Mania?
Which is for five seconds because I don't care about horse racing.
Hey, you better get with it, Mr.
You better know your horse racing because you sure it's held on.
You're right.
And neither did Hank.
But anyway, I didn't see all his picks.
I just saw like the first three or four races and every horse he picked.
Well, not everyone, but all his combos, you know, all the exact as he had hooked up.
I didn't hit any of them.
And then he picked that nine horse and one of the races that was supposed to be the big long shot, 16 to one.
And he put 20 bucks of the play money on his nose and hooked him up.
And he still run.
Here he comes right now.
Hit him again.
He's coming right now.
Anyway, Hank's getting out of here.
At the end of the year, who should replace Hank Goldberg on WQAM?
George Rodriguez, you do a non-sport show, 504, 28.4%.
Any chance of that happening?
No.
None.
A non-sport show, you know what that is?
A miss in this place, sacrilegious.
Sacrilegious.
Just like the Cuban interference blood with transmitter maintenance, 248.
Is it really that bad?
Because, you know, the feed that I get here is just direct from the studio.
I think depending on like what radio you're listening to.
Yeah.
And where you are.
Yeah.
But it's there, for sure.
Is it bad?
It can be, yeah.
I've been in a few cars where I think it's a Fidel station.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
It's like, I've been in a few cars where it's like 6040.
Really?
Yeah.
Maybe I need a top car to do it.
I think they will do it.
Alright.
Best of Neil tapes 244, like the ones with Aion and the Pope.
Let's bring back a little Aion, man.
That's what we need.
Generate a little bit of excitement and time.
Maybe even more exchanges would come back from that.
Jeff DeForest 183.
I don't know what that's all about.
They like that corn, man.
They like living large and all the other stupid cliches he uses.
Smailing it in.
Mailing it in and living large.
And you have something deeper when you mail it in, you can afford to live large.
I'll bring back Scott Farrell, 151.
Bring back Mo.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
138.
The video.
Rock solid.
Only 67.
What is a big drop off between Mo and the big O?
From 138 all the way down to 67.
Bring back the Crow 56.
You know what's that, Mo?
The big O and the Crow.
The Beast 39.
Kimbobo camp, or 35.
A Dullard.
Josie Gackie, even more Dull 26.
Evan Cohen 20.
Bring back Gildy.
19.
I don't think that's in the works.
Ethan Skolnik, with those real smelly BM of 17.
Kenny Walker 14.
And Alex Marvaz has got 11 Alex with that smooth, beautiful ass that Kenny was always
raving about.
Oh, Alex, you're so wonderful.
I do wonder when you please come back tomorrow, Alex.
I heard Kenny Walker on the coast.
And how is he doing?
Was he puking?
He's a bid day.
He's got the coast, everybody.
All right.
And he's over there puking his guts out.
It's Kenny Walker around the coast.
Blah blah blah.
Like that, a lot of pukers.
1772 votes on that poll from Friday about who's going to replace the Humper.
Now, if you look at the schedule today, we got the, oh boy.
No mad dog because he's on the way back just like we had no little dog this morning.
They're on the way back from across the pond from the British Isles where it's always
raining and where the pitch was mushy and lumpy and crappy.
It was a first.
O.J. McDuffie and Danny Cannell speaking of a first two to four this afternoon.
Then we got the hang from four to seven.
It says the power hour, but of course, mad dog ain't here.
So how are we going to have a power hour clearance?
You idiot.
You simple.
Jesus God.
What a moron.
And in the best part of it is this is the second schedule.
This is the second different in our incarnation.
It's a clearance revised.
Yeah, but it's still screwed up dolphins all assets with mish and
Draton from seven nine.
We apologize by the way for that show, but it's part of the deal.
Or to get the great dolphins we had to like sell our soul to weighing, you know.
Then we got any K from nine to midnight because on the schedule ahead said World Series
Game number five joined in progress, but we don't have to be embarrassed again by joining a
ballgame in progress because there ain't going to be no game.
The World Series is over.
Thanks God.
Wow.
You don't have to see John Henry Nomo.
And then of course they're going to sign pay rod and pay him about 30 million a year.
And all of these all that crap.
Here's today's poll.
Charlie B. Boy Charlie's been so poll intensive lately that it's he probably bleeding.
The dolphins suck festive a season makes me blank.
Five sixty.
Look at that.
Look how many votes we got.
We will not make a thousand, but we have five sixty.
Unable to care less 241.
They couldn't care less.
Happy as hell ninety five.
That's what I voted.
I'm happy as hell.
Wish Wayne could buy the Patriots team in Syfans jerseys on them for away at sixty four.
Want to stick my head in the oven forty two.
Wish they'd signed Brady Quinn forty.
Yeah, there you go.
At least they'd have been little something little pizzazz there, you know.
Brady Quinn.
Yeah, how's he doing?
He's not playing.
Exactly.
Pray for O.M.
I guarantee if he was with it often, he'd be playing all over you know, I do idea.
Do I dare say it clear?
I don't think it's really that bad.
He's a good backer.
Yeah, he's probably a throw to it.
He's got, you know.
I mean, why would they want to keep West Wilker?
If you could have heard Chris before the show, give me a song and dance about what he wants.
I don't want to hear about it.
Okay.
Why would you want him on your team?
Pray for O.M.
Sixteen, thirty five people are just vicious.
Actually, if he's didn't hockey in the Panthers twenty one, I don't believe it.
One of them unloaded my season tickets on anybody who'll take him eleven.
And nostalgic for Nick Saban, eleven, as anxious as he is as he was.
I'm excited, I can't.
Oh, he's an egg.
I think I know the five sixty-two.
I'm on junior.
I think it's fourth leader.
I'll do my job as well when I'm constipated.
The
the
they curse my name.
Yes.
If I parted in heaven.
Oh, my God.
Good.
I stand the shame.
If I parted in heaven.
With one chest now.
Send me straight to hell.
That's good.
Or can anybody stand up in heaven?
Fuck.
Up in heaven.
Does it linger in heaven?
Would you be ashamed to pull my finger in heaven?
I know these things.
When the fat lady sings.
Cause I'll be the one who brings.
Cheers to heaven.
And eighteen and five sixty-two.
Where every day we just continue confounding the experts with a swill that we are putting on air.
It's just amazing to me.
But I'm not going to say anything.
I don't want to be negative to her.
Do you?
No.
Yeah, Josh Cordis is here this week.
Your good friend Brandon just sent me an email already said could that have been his voice I already heard?
He hates you like poison.
Oh, is that the guy that hates me?
Yeah, I don't know what that's all about.
Sorry buddy, I'll be here three days this week.
Yeah, whether you like it or not.
Now on Wednesday, and I'm not too happy about this to say the very least.
I wasn't consulted about this.
And of course, why should I be consulted at Sony My Show?
You know, when you're dealing with a moron like Clarence Deere.
We got Robert Greeper.
If I've told him once, I've told him that's the wrong one.
Time times, we don't want him anywhere near the show.
He don't want to be on the show anyway.
He hates me, he hates the show, he hates doors like poison.
He probably even hates Chris.
You think?
Maybe.
Could be.
I think he's probably just eating everybody right now though.
Well, he's a piece of crap.
But anyway, he's going to be in here running the board, I guess, on Wednesday.
Robert Greeper.
And you want to know why?
Because we have a skeleton crew now.
Now that they got rid of Miguel, our good close personal friend.
Who on Friday notified me that the Godfather back run on our MySpace page had disappeared.
And he put it back on there himself.
Actually, we notified you.
No, did he notify you with the password?
I guess.
That's what it was.
Yeah, Miguel's a good guy, man.
You know, as Chris doesn't want to give him any credit though, do you hear that?
I love Miguel.
I would love to have Miguel come in here.
I'd love to have Miguel.
No, I'd love to have him come in here.
I'll send him an email right now and see if he's got some spare time.
Oh, okay.
He'd love to have Miguel.
Not in the final time.
I'm sorry, so what I have to, once upon a time, he's old and ugly now.
But he's a good guy.
He's a great guy.
He's about what, 15 years to all three?
Would you stop?
Would you stop?
Oh, haha.
What are you going to do if I just stop talking?
What are you going to do?
I guess what?
What would I do?
I'd play one of these CDs, George's got cute up right there.
You'd spin some wax?
That's right.
Wow.
Well, go do that.
All right.
Five ninety out of full.
I'm going to keep talking.
I'm going to keep, I got all my bedtime stories here.
I got a huge big pile.
Also, I was a little off and dropped on the pitch theory yesterday.
They dropped a pile on the pitch.
How do you like the scam camera era so far?
You fools, you clowns.
Oh, gee, it's not cams fault.
He's a great coach.
He's a genius.
He always has the same confused deer in the headlights look on his face like,
oh, gee, what happened there?
What's going on with us?
Well, you think it's already hit him like damn, I shouldn't have took this job.
Or is that coming to go?
Yeah, that's not coming to go.
Five hundred out of full.
Thousands protested Iraq war across the U.S.
Thousands of people calling for a swift end of the war in Iraq as they marched through downtown on Saturday in San Francisco,
chanting and carrying signs that red wall street gets rich.
Iraqis and GIs die.
Or drop tuition, not bombs.
Don't drop a bomb.
And especially if you're Ethan Skolnik, don't drop a bomb.
Because then on Q&A they'll talk about how bad it smells.
The streets were filled with thousands of labor union members who anti were activists,
clergy of Israeli near city home before marching to Dolores Park.
As part of the demonstration protestors fell on Market Street as part of a die-in
to commemorate the thousands of American soldiers and Iraqi citizens
who died since the contract began.
March 2003, it's coming up on five years.
I was speaking to coming up, guess what's next Monday?
Coming up.
What's up, Brutten?
Yeah, see Chris knows.
I'm at your birthday?
Yeah.
Sixty-five baby, old.
I'm too old.
I'm too old to be alive.
I'll tell you that right now.
Sixty-five.
Hey, that just means you start getting some discounts here and there.
Yeah, that's right.
I can get my social security and get my senior discounts.
All right.
The protest was the largest in a series of war protests taking place in New York,
LA, other US cities.
No official headcount was available.
Organizers of the event estimated about 30,000 people participated in San Francisco
and appeared in more than 10,000 people attended the march.
I got the sense that many people were at the demonstration for the first time,
since there were so many events organizers.
That's something that's really changed.
People have realized the right thing to do is take to the streets.
Take to the streets or at the very least open up the window.
Stick your head out and yell.
I'm excited, yell, but I don't think it takes us anymore.
And then Josh will fall asleep because it'll remind him of that movie.
Oh, do we have to start with that again?
No, it's not.
I get so depressed when I think about it.
I know.
Great message to the movie.
Yeah, too bad you fell asleep.
Right.
Chris was telling me before about the Humper fall in the sleep in the middle of his show a few times.
Did you just make that up?
No, that's what I've been told.
No, it's been, it's happened.
I've been there.
You've been there?
Yes.
And you've seen the Humper nodding off in the middle of the show?
Yes.
And rather than waking him up, I just smile.
And you're thinking to yourself, well, why should the audience be the only ones?
See, that's bad.
Don't be picking on the Humper now that he's leaving us, okay?
I love Humper.
I love the Humper.
He's a great guy.
That was a great guy.
He is a big guy.
Well, look at that.
Chris is online.
There's Chris's fat picture.
You don't need to change that picture on my face.
Okay.
Wow.
Well, that's from the other day.
You're not online there.
Are you online?
I don't think so.
Well, I hope not.
The Lakeland Police Department is conducting an ongoing criminal investigation into allegations
of sexual abuse of middle school to high school-aid students who attend the first Baptist church
at the mall or who have attended the church in the past, according to a Lakeland police spokesman.
A reported victim who's now in a delta spoken with the police.
Tom Parchetta, the church's executive director, said allegations were made to police about a week and a half ago
against the volunteer with the church's student ministry.
That's if the first Baptist church in Lakeland prays the Lord.
Oh, God, that's good.
We asked him into an individual not to be here while the investigation is going on, Parchetta said.
The church is cooperating with the police.
They said a court of Lakeland police released about 400 students attend middle or high school at the church at any given time.
The church has passed your total congregants about the investigation at the end of a service yesterday morning.
More than 9,000 people attend the church, which is housed in a 32-acre complex.
Oh, another isolated incident. More than Getchke's are playing diddling with their kids.
They're diddling with it.
Speaking of diddling with it, a father wants investigators to pursue fraud and larceny charges against a Panhandle strip club after a son went up in a single night, a gigantic bill, a 53 grand,
while celebrating his college graduation.
Joe Salter, 52 of Mary Esther.
What's Mary Esther? Have you ever heard of that place?
Nope.
That's a place.
Not a person that's a place.
Told investigators club 10 employees took advantage of his 24-year-old son, Tommy.
He was at the club August 18 to celebrate his graduation from Georgia Tech.
According to report from the Okalusa County Sheriff's Office, Salter told employees he could spend only 600 bucks, but Officer Tim Beale said Salter bought at least 19 bottles of champagne priced from 150 to 2 grand.
Beale said Salter's son to receive free champagne purchase, even squal his initials next to itemized charges.
But Danny says only the signature on the first receipt matches his son's.
The sheriff's report led his larceny and credit card fraud.
Beale said Salter, Beale, what if he's kind to Howard?
Said Salter appeared to know what he was doing throughout the night.
The fellow was lucid, Beale said.
He was actually dancing with the manager Chris right before he left.
Oh, Beale said he already had talked to American Express after Salter filed a complaint with the company seeking to have a bunch of the money taken on.
The club decided in club 10's favor.
He knew what he was doing. He was having a good time.
He spent 53 grand first graduation.
Maybe he got laid. Maybe he got a little something, you know, a little something, something.
But he did. Maybe he needs to spend 53 grand. Who knows.
We don't have the picture there. Let's see what he looks like.
And then we'll find out whether he needs to spend 53 grand to get laid and ruled in Kutikuchi, you know.
Wow.
53 grand. Even I don't have to spend 53 grand.
611 votes on the poll. What's our goal today, Chris? About 6 to 15, Salter?
What's your name?
It's not overdo. We got no more here today.
4.65, 62 AM.
The sports leader.
Oh.
You know it. T-Y-S-U-C-K-S-L-R.
What the hell? What happens to that one?
The other ones are selling some of their stuff from their home in Malibu.
They're coming to Italy. Hills and their home in England.
Ozzie Ozborn. What do you guys actually know?
We are. What?
Are you drunk?
Thank you. Last year I was on some boots.
And you're high
I'm not proud about smoking stuff
It's not even funny. We are not real. We are not real. I see you know what you should sell your lobotomy machine
Don't sell it centered over to QAM. Okay, we got a couple people needing immediate treatment
So anyway Josh, I don't want to like make a big soap opera out of this but Brandon says me a message
He says I don't hate Josh. I just hate what he says what he's thinking and what he does
But for the most part is a swell guy. How are those first dates coming along?
And how much did you cheat on your girlfriend in Vegas? And how much the Niels money did you lose?
Well, I don't get anymore Niels money because I think he doesn't like me, but what what?
What the hell does that mean? I have you forgotten about me that I left the show honestly is that is that pretty much how it works?
Go ahead next answer
Okay, the next question
No, I didn't cheat on my girlfriend in Vegas, and if I did I wouldn't say it right here on the air
Let's see what a what else was it? No, that's it. He just doesn't he hates you. Oh, okay. Sorry buddy
You must reject it in one time and yeah, I've never been hit on by a gay gay
Really never but you've been hit on my straight guys
Yeah, Larry Craig I think one was probably in the QMT room Senator Larry Craig. Yeah, that's the one
Anyway, let's get back to important stuff. I don't want to get into some kind of a tinkling contest with you and anybody else out there in radio land
Word delighted and heavy here even though we don't know who's gonna be on tomorrow sweet. I may be calling in sick tomorrow Chris
So you're doing the show
Well, I don't I don't go for this. I mean how hard how difficult is it now? Hey listen just like you know
Well, we can have Chris and and grieber put that on the schedule. No, that's on Wednesday
Oh, it's already on the schedule
I meant you got the schedule there we already got it. I think he'll eat without you. Yeah, oh just them together
Yeah, that sounds like a winner no and a grieber could like backstab on the air you could say on the year all the stuff
He's been saying off here for a hundred years there
Little backstabbing fool man, that's what you are Robert. I don't want him in there Wednesday
I'm gonna call in sick. I'm gonna protest
Governor California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger says marijuana is not a drug. It is so hot in here
I'm gonna have to open up a window. It's freezing outside
This is the time of year when they turn on the artificial heat and I don't know about you
What do you mean they turn up they they control the heat?
It's all about the in the building. Yeah, well you got to get yourself some AC buddy. No, we don't have no AC
They see is off for the for next five months
Upside the building controls
Your dad is correct when you live in a big con on a Nazi crap is that or you can't eat all your happy or you don't have both
You have either AC or he's oh
That's correct and right now the heat is on oh man. It is just I feel like I'm gonna collapse
Outside though this morning was like you know what the low was 30 was like a frost warning colder in hell
All looks gonna be sunny in 56 to 7 right now. It's a sunny 45 in the hog town. That's great
What do you mean by that it's great? Yeah?
45 I like that song gonna crack the window open during the last break otherwise I'm gonna collapse
I'm gonna faint right on the floor. Don't do that. Yeah, that wouldn't be good. Arnold says I'm gonna practice for tomorrow when we have a Chris
In this I don't know what they have in mind here, but then again
It's this show so why they should worry about it. You know we got all these other
Jacks all these other dumb ex-jokes air be ex-jock in the world now is a broadcaster in case you haven't discovered that I
Hit the rumors that it's gonna be Kim Bo Kimber coming in here. Yeah, and and OJ
And we got OJ on today with Danny can now Danny can now must have found that I could picture his appearances the vest drawer
Because he's on every day now
Maybe he's gonna be placing not as he belonged on a year have you heard him I?
Haven't heard him know I've heard him some he's not that bad. I mean great
Maybe it's in comparison to what else is on but he's not that bad. He knows
Yeah, he doesn't sound like Shannon Sharpen down Sanders. Oh, thank God for that. He doesn't fall asleep on his own
Correct. Okay. He's got a sense of humor
I think the most important thing is that the audience doesn't fall asleep while you're on there. That's the most important thing
That was funny. Anyway, Arnold says Merrill one is not a drug or British magazine reported today
But his spokesman said the governor was just joking. Oh, right
There's one thing in America anytime you say you speak your mind then somebody has to step in and say oh he was just joking
Schwartz Nigger told a British edition of GQ magazine that he had not taken drugs even though the former bodybuilder in a Hollywood star has
Technology using marijuana in the 70s will have shown smoking pot smoking a joint in the 77 documentary pumping iron if I love the people who wear those t-shirts
Shows him hitting the joints like governor of California gay
That is not a drug. It's a leaf Schwartz Nigger told GQ my drug was pumping iron trust me
He said Aaron McLear McLean Schwartz Nigger's press secretary said the governor made the count one of his kin to Ray McLean, Jr
Schwartz Nigger's press secretary said the governor made the comments in a light-hearted context
Noting his interviewer was Pierce Morgan one of the judges on America's about talent Morgan is a former British newspaper editor
The governor was doing an interview with the host of America's got talented the newest version of the Gong show McLean set. McLear it is McLear
I think it's important to keep the quote in the context of the environment where it was said he said of course the governor understands marijuana is a drug
It's like when he goes on Leno or the daily show if you took something like that on a context
I might seem shocking but it was in a silly entertainment context he said right
It was entertaining as opposed to like you know a lie in the interview for the magazine's December
Or a shoe Schwartz Nigger refused to condemn politicians who declined to answer questions about drug use what would you rather have a politician taking stuff
And not saying but making the best decisions and going and improving things or politician who takes all the drugs
He or she is says he is saying but makes long-sleeve decisions for the country whatever that means you understand what that means no
Just a lot of double talk just double talk on
Speak in English, baby. Speak in English. Oh any Fisher sexy video
You want to see that?
The world soon could be seeing more of the Long Island Lolita a lot more says the New York Post a
Sex tape of Amy Fisher and a husband Lou Berra Belera is in the hands of Los Angeles porn distributor and the one-time team
Techress isn't happy about it her former business partner said yesterday
You know who I was thinking about over the weekend. This will come as a great show. I even I even checked out his blog
Oh boy, let me give you a clue. I'm a fat Jew Al Goldstein. Is that right?
Hey, sorry, I think about I don't know. I just wonder what was happening to him
And I always got that blog and there are some clips on there where Al is like oh man
It's so sad. It's one thing to lose a lot of weight when you're fat and you look like anorexic. He looks like a
Skeleton. Oh really? He lost a lot of weight. Yeah, cuz he couldn't afford to eat that's yeah, they they destroy him. So what is he doing now?
Bloggy
He's down and out. He's got problems all of some money. Send some money
Anyway, Fisher had her husband apparently made the tape earlier this year before they filed for divorce a coin to David Creefe a TV executive
Who's produced reunion specials with Amy Fisher her ex-lover joy letter Foucault and but a Foucault's ex wife Mary Jo
But a Foucault
But in the time Fisher had her happy were in splitsville Belera hopped the tape to LA smut peddler red light district video
Which is expected to start selling their steamy footage next month?
I was told she was a willing participant at the time was made as a private video with her husband Creefe said
It wasn't until late August that Fisher who since reconciled with Belera learned of the red light deal and wants to stop the videos release
She's disgusted Creefe said I'm the disgusted by it to the whole genre
I can't believe in the West things like this can be released. Why not?
I feel bad for Amy and Lou Creefe and I think they were having a fight and he made a bad decision
That's coming back to haunt them now. I spoke to him for red light that I made no comment
The company based in the San Fernando Valley the porn biz hotbed outside LA is best known for its dealing in celebrity flesh
It pushed sex tapes of hotel airs Paris Hilton professional wrestler China and even former child actor Dustin Dheiman best known for saved by the bell
Reached to this home in LA, but a Foucault was stunned by the revelation and said he hopes Fisher and her husband can work through this
If there's such a tape that's between Amy and Lou, he told the post the one time illegal upwards dated briefly again this past spring in New York after both their spouses filed for separation
But a Foucault city enjoyed reconnecting with Fisher and hashing out their complicated past
I wish you're nothing but the best in all that life has to offer said about a Foucault 51 the affair made scandalous headlines in 92 and then 17 year old
Fisher shot Mary Joe but a Foucault in the face at her home in Massa, Pequa
Fisher served seven years in prison for the shooting joy served four months behind bars for statutory rape
Two years ago, but a Foucault starbrow of an entertainment tonight meeting with Fisher and cursed at her this past spring
They briefly we kind of relationship before both of us actually their current spouses
They briefly we kindled their relationship. You know what that means? That's code for like, you know
That's right. You know you know you know you know and I know is that
That's what that means they rekindled their relationship right
Tom Brady meanwhile is rekindling all over the world making babies and boy those babies are gonna look really good, you know what?
I think maybe Tommy should tell somebody I suggest to Tommy and his lady friends birth control would be a good idea
Don't you think or maybe not well? Yeah, he plans on winning a few more super bowls
Yeah, you know
Calm down with the kids Tom. Why is that?
Does it seem to have had a negative effect on the Brady's run?
The Brady bunch. I think that's what he's working on right now
1041 at 560 WQ and over here we got OJ McDuffey and Danny Canela to a clock this afternoon
Oh my god. My dog is swimming across the ocean. He'll be back. I guess the dogs will be back tomorrow right big dog little dog man dog
Ampidot probably
You know water inside your boat can give you a sinking feeling water inside your home is devastating too quick action must be taken
Minimize the damage you watch your home restored to pre-flug conditions as soon as you can call dry concepts
They can move the excess water and dry your home fast using the latest innovations in drying technology
Their crews can set up a drying system that often limits the need for costly reconstruction and replacement of your
Treasury belongings on healthy mold and mildew condition are eliminated by the use of
Specialized drying processes and if the damage is more extensive their licensed contractors can provide needed estimates to when the
Permits of hurricane season now so if you see the water rising around your feet don't panic call dry concepts right away 1-800-248-50-71
The folks known for drying your carpet can also dry your home when water damage takes over
Tool-free and date rather than the Palm Beach is called dry concepts and 1-800-248-50-71
The biggest name of the challenge is the logics 4560 QAM
Thanks for its leader
What's wrong with this one?
Reasons like a moron
Guess it's high
Every time you speak it's the way God wants to speak
Wants to take a city and cover it in the sweet
Ray-Nagging can
Ray-Nagging can
Ray-Nagging can
Cause he wants to make new Orleans piece of wood
And I don't care what people are saying
It's like Jesse Jackson
Where is black people?
It's coming south it's on
Surely God is man
He compares the locals to a Willie Wonka Fox
Shocked
Ray-Nagging can
Yes, Ray-Nagging can
Ray-Nagging can
Cause he wants to make new Orleans
It's time for us to come together
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans
The one that should be
Uptown, all the way over the hill
This city will be chocolate
A chocolate in the walls
He never takes the blame
For anything he says
Chocolate kept in the debate
That chocolate ends up on the end
Of one father's
Ray-Nagging can
Ray-Nagging can
You know I can
Ray-Nagging can
Cause he wants to make new Orleans piece of wood
You can't have New Orleans no other way
It wasn't the wall
You can't have it no other way
Let me just say one thing to you
M-O-R-O-N
Right
But then there's a lot of really stupid people running around on loose
And most of them are on TV
And a lot of them are on the radio too
Tell my ex-josh baby it's like an epidemic now
We're just surrounded by
We're drowning in a sea of it
And here because of the fact that they're desperate
They're finding everybody who ever wore a josh trap
Anybody that never showered with a jok
We're putting them on a year
665 votes on the pool
I don't know if we're going to make a thousand or not
I really doubted Chris
I don't want to be like this
Blame it on Josh
Now Josh is all little friends like you know the
Young kids will all start voting for it
So
Why?
Josh will bring like the younger set in to the show
The younger set into the show
The set, the set
And they'll go
What? What is in here? Bring the younger crowd
Why they? Because they know he's a sitting in the chair
Of course
Oh Josh Crockettus is working as we've got that right
And then the new Roger show
Who will only be 120 next Monday
Hey listen I don't feel that they'll over 64 you know it
And you know what else I heard when you're old
I forgot to crack that window
It was a little tune to do something okay
Let's see what we got going on here in this scene
Let's try this
Ooh
We're not doing it
We're not doing it
We love a big fat chicken baby
That's like too much
That's a natural bit
There's a little background music for you
It's like very Christmas feel
Went through the John
Oh yeah
I had to go
No
Should I not do that one?
No, do that one
Okay, that's alright
Sounds like we had a certain sound
And that one or maybe some extra story activity
We don't want that
Did you go to the John?
Oh did you open the window there?
I just cracked the window open a little bit
Oh it's suffocating in here
I just I can't get over that though
Like people are regulating your life
That's a little strange don't you think
What do you mean by that?
What do you mean like
They put the heat on and you know
There is no reason
Oh the heat isn't on, I don't turn it on
But it's just that
I had a base board getting on overnight
Because it was like one below a Celsius
It was 30 degrees overnight
And so even though I've turned it off now
It just gets real stuffy
You know that artificial heat
It just dries out your lungs
And oh it makes you feel loggy
You know what I mean by loggy
What do you mean by loggy
It means like you got no energy
Plus the fact when your blood sugar is 85,000
Because you've been eating all kinds of crap
I have got a sugar addiction that is so bad
But I'm going to wind up a
Bob Lassitering myself I really am
Is that right?
I think I am
If I don't cut the crap pretty soon
What do you eat like what's your sugar
Like what's your a dick
Ice cream, ice cream, candy
Still
And yesterday I'm not
You eat a lot of candy like what do you eat
Candy bars, Snickers, Snickers, and M&Ms
Keep going
Well I mean I could name all the candy bars
And yesterday afternoon or last night I went and got
I don't know it was after a rough afternoon watching all that football
Although I did go out yesterday afternoon to Woodbuying
I was there for 50 minutes and I won
I was there for 10 minutes and 1900 bucks
Ran out. It's been a while. Even doing pretty good huh
I've been doing great. I don't know why
Don't be a sucker all your people out there
Don't take your hard earned money in
Because you're going to you know full of this money
And you're soon farted. You'll lose it
But I just sat on Lucky Street last month or two
I bought a bag of chips of hoi
Talked with chip cookies
They're horrible. They're like stale
Let me help you okay
If you do it again get the chewies
Okay they're sorry
I mean I don't want to do it again
Listen. You're a big help
You're a right I think Brandon's got a good point about you
Look you're going to eat you're going to eat sugar
Whether I tell you or not
I can't you know you're not supposed to
You just told me we ice cream M&M Snickers
You can name have a candy bars I mean seriously
What do you say?
I'm sorry
What do you say after M&M Snickers
Oh Snickers I thought you said something else
Oh Jamie Duffies that are beyond it too
You better watch yourself. I'll be trying to start something
Because he and his friends are monitoring the show
They want to do an I'm a they want to I'm a
Sme is what they want they want me off the earth
Because I had the audacity to say that
Oh J doesn't belong in here which he doesn't
But then again he's why should we single him out?
We got so many other people that don't belong on here
Speaking of on the air um where is Zach in the bullpen?
He said he's willing to work on the show tomorrow if you want
Oh! All right
Well we got our promise off
Well that's good. That's good. That's the next part of the guy
And Zach can give us all the inside
Poopabud, you're all fine
We're going to all the crap that went on across the street
Oh I know exactly
Poopabud, you're all poopabud
Poopabud the most stuff
See there you go, parents
We'll work out our own schedule on the show
You just can't get the job done. You're such a loser man
You can't get it done in addition to which they don't care anyway
Because they will they put nothing into the show
It's only been the highest rated show on the station for the 10 years that's been on
But why should they put anything into it?
You know?
In fact I know maybe we can get Josh to admit now that
Somebody paid him off to chop down the size on a QA and thing
Our little bumper sticker thing there on the right hand side
The meal deals
Let me go to our QA and dot com
Somebody pay oh my god
Here we go
Either that or you hate us or you're just trying to extort more money from me
What are you talking about?
No you don't pay me any money. You forgot about me
That's why he chopped it
Last time you were in here you said December would be soon enough
That's what you said
December would be good if you just put a two in the front of that
Because I guess you forgot about a period for me
A pay period and then I guess that's what you're waiting for
What kind of pay period? What is that?
Normally you keep on not going anymore
I have a lot of expenses here
I have a lot of expenses these days
Okay on the right hand side
And let me see how many damn marino spots do we have to have on the morning show?
Listen Jesus Christ almighty
I know every Monday we got Danny boy on here
In case you didn't get enough of him on the
Oh my god you're Neil's real short it's in the top left there
That link sometimes doesn't work
Okay again it's right under Danny boy
Now today it works
Have a week on over this then you say it didn't work on your computer or something
Yeah and everybody's else it did
No not everybody's
Oh I'm pretty sure that even came out of the building
Anyway when it doesn't work you can still go on the right
And there's the banner
The problem is now
Oh as I'm speaking it's getting smaller like it's shrinking
And the banner too
There's Danny boy the Dan Reno show
Obama with a big picture again of the
Don't you think Danny's got enough cash already for Christ's
He's been a lot of the few million okay
Not to say anything but that's kind of why he's on there so much
Okay that's not Danny that's Maroney baby
They had a lot of good money for that ad right there
And then underneath it there's the big OVIP sports pack
It's whatever the hell that is
And then there is me which used to be a much bigger little like bumper sticker
Cross and you click on that one and it always works
But that thing has gotten so small now it is a banner man
Nobody clicks on that they click on the thing on the top left
The big banner always
That's not the point why isn't it have to be so small
Why is Danny marino got a big fat ass thing on there
And my my banner is right under it with a big fat ass thing
You're right under it
That's right
My god you have to have it right under Danny
You can glass to see the gd thing for Christ's sake
Oh I don't want to be under Danny boy
Yeah I'm afraid it's 10 years ago 15 years ago
No I would never want to be under Danny boy
With those Batman lips of his man
He's bizarre I like it Danny you're okay
I enjoyed the dolphins when he played
I just like bought my own season tickets
That was a fan
Hey by the way do you get those again now?
Yeah
We think it's you don't
You give it a Chris? No yeah wait
I give them two other professors
Who's the professor?
He'll take you during the break what am I my ex?
You know the one that you owe you if that wants to know
Look at what you want
So the one that you visit every once in a while
Yeah the one I come down there we have lunch
Who's getting me to the cheesecake factory just last time
Which if you ever does that again it's not going to be a good idea
You know what I think you should do?
What's that? For having him take you there you should take the tickets away
And let Josh run him
And the party back
Yeah let me just say this to you
Fat chance
The wonder brain that you have for
Is Neil Rogers
4.560 QAM
Do you want to go to these bands?
This is the Neil Rogers show
People talk about the one
This is your brain
Any questions
Matthew Mark Luke and John
Axen Romans and Corinthian
Galician Ephesians and Philippians Galician
Thessalonians
Timothy Thessalonians
Timothy Haesullaman
Hebrews James Peter Peter John
John John J.D. and Revelation
Matthew Mark Luke and John
Axen Romans and Corinthian
Corinthian Galician
Ephesians and Philippians Galician
Thessalonians
Thessalonians, Timothy, Timothy, Titus Pellamon,
Hebrews games, Peter Peter John, John, John, Jesus, Revelation.
Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, Luke, Acts, Rome, and Corinthians.
Ephesians, Corinthians.
Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians.
Elijah.
Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Titus Pellamon,
Hebrews games, Peter Peter John, John, John, Jesus, Revelation.
11.02 at 5.60.
And if you have a happy Monday, and boy, aren't we cursed down here, huh?
Aren't we cursed?
Alphans are all...
Oh!
And you want to go see those games?
Well, no.
But...
You're trying to sacrifice those tickets away from my good clothes,
but I like Philip Professor, who came in.
That's right.
So sorry.
He's already got him.
He's the one that has to suffer along with the other foolish people
that go and watch that garbage, and he's also got the parking passes.
How many years did you get him?
You got him when you were...
I got him one time.
One time?
Once?
Yep.
Miguel got him several times.
Well, you like Miguel like that.
Well, now, what would he mean?
I liked him like that.
What does that mean?
Bigot easy, dude.
I'm just joking with you.
I liked him like that.
Like in a sexual way that we were trying to say this like every...
Yeah, I think...
Miguel got him.
Miguel got him.
Yeah.
I kept hitting the wrong button there.
Miguel got him.
Yeah, what is trying to hit with you?
Yeah, that.
You okay, Ther?
What do you mean by that?
You hit the wrong button a whole time, though.
Miguel got him.
Doug Thompson has a calm.
When Shane replaces Brian, what is a lot of sirens here, man?
When you look at the window...
Open window.
Now you get all that sound in there.
You hear it?
Of course.
Wow.
Fire trucks, paramedics, sirens.
Probably not an old Chinese people driving.
Oh, brother, you think that the old Yanta's driving down there is bad.
If you could see what passes for driving here, you would peek your guts out.
You'd run.
Really?
It's bad.
It's so much worse than there you can't even begin to believe it.
What car did you get up there now?
It's a solstice.
Oh, that's that little two-door Pontiac, right?
Yeah.
Are you like that thing?
No.
I don't like it.
Oh, you don't like it.
No, I don't mind the car.
I enjoy driving it, but I don't like the...
I don't want to keep repeating this every day.
It's got bad blind spots.
Bad.
Hmm.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what you mean.
I don't like that.
And you can't adjust...
For all the money I paid for it, you can't adjust.
It doesn't have power seats.
So you can't adjust the seat up and down.
So do you still have it to woodbine or do you hike down the solstice?
No, I don't.
It depends.
Sometimes I can't.
And sometimes I drive it.
Like yesterday I drove it.
All right.
I won't do it during rush hour though.
I'm not that I'm afraid to drive in rush hour.
I just don't...
I don't have any patience for it.
I don't like it.
No, blame me.
And so I can't.
Does a certain someone have his license yet?
No.
That's...
And that'll never happen.
So they're never going to drive it?
I don't know.
And hopefully not.
Just in the parking garage.
Doug Thompson says when Shane replaces Pride, an email from Activity
Marines suggests the Faudi Press Conference stage by FEMA during the California wildfires
last week wasn't the only Skulldog read pulled by the Bush administration during that
state's emergency.
The Marine, home between deployments that are racked as he was sent to California to
help arrest you in relief efforts, but was ordered to not wear his USMC basic utilities
but instead was given a uniform of the Army National Guard.
The uniform switch he feels was part of a deliberate effort to conceal the fact that California
likes enough available national guardsmen and reservists to respond to emergency because
they're overseas fighting President George W. Bush's war in Iraq.
I'm a Marine, he said in his email.
I'm proud to be a Marine.
I'm not proud to serve my country when they asked me to wear the uniform of another
branch in Serving Nourdin and to see the very citizens I'm sworn to serve.
It is a request I'm not using his name, although he did provide enough information to verify
that he is in fact a member of the Corps.
I can't confirm that his story is true, but given the history of the Bush administration
when it comes to lies and other public decisions, I have no reason to doubt the veracity of his
claim.
Governor is both Democratic and Republican of Express concerned over the depletion of
National Guard reserve units that fight in Bush's unpopular war.
Gulf Coast states dogs the bullets this year when the hurricane season didn't produce
any Katrina-level storms when the wildfires began to approach disaster proportions, the
Bush administration panicked sensing another public relations of the buckle.
We saw the level of that panic last week when FEMA staged a press conference with
their own staff members posing as reporters.
We saw Bush hustle the board, Air Force One, for another of his photo-op flyovers of
the far-area out west.
We most likely saw the Pentagon try to pass off active duty personnel from other branches
of the Armed Forces as National Guard members and reservists.
We've truly reached the low point of this nation when it's too easy to believe that our
government is lying to us, kind like working at QAM.
Public opinion polls give Bush the lowest job approval rating of any president in modern
times.
The same polls show most Americans believe the president routinely lies.
Another pulled off Friday says 73% of Americans believe Congress is doing a lousy job.
Other polls suggest an increasing number of us who no longer feel pride in being an
American.
I saw this recently at a lunch with an old friend of yet non-Veteran who said he will no
longer participate in our local Veterans Day festivities.
The country I fought for no longer exists.
He said I can't feel pride in the America that existed and ashamed of my country.
I never thought that would happen.
Neither did I, old friend, neither did I, says Dougie Thompson.
Let me take a look by the way.
Let me again thank our president for those really fantastic low gas prices.
Would you think you got problems with gas prices?
Yeah.
I can't believe you pay like $366 or whatever it was.
No, it's more than that.
Is it even more than?
What?
It's up.
Per gallon.
Yeah, because they pay by the leader.
And that's for regular.
Regular, I'm related.
Thank God the sales decision is regular on that because it's a puddle jumper.
It's a four-cylinder job.
Now I'm looking on the business network here and in a second it's going to come up with
the Canadian looting.
Oh, 104.56.
Almost a buck five and a euro 144.
All I can say is thank you again, Mr. President, for destroying the American economy and making
the American dollar a laughing stock all around the world.
104.50, almost the American...
Oh, I'm tongue tied.
The Canadian loony is worth a nickel more than the American dollar now.
And let me say it again when I came here six years ago, the Canadian loony was worth 62 cents
and now it's a buck five.
And the euro would start at like an 82 cents or something like that is now a buck 44.
Almost a buck and a half.
So Josh, next time you go to Europe, you're going to take some extra cash.
You know what that means?
Okay.
You might have to move back here to save money.
I have a real fast answer for that.
No!
That's the answer.
One word answer, okay.
Easy to understand.
Oh, there's that hurricane headquarters as Jeric Jackie Jarris.
So really pick out the center of circulation but it's just come up before the war.
Oh, it's right over there.
Publicity Minicana and Haiti over his spaniola.
Oh.
And we're very concerned about flash flooding and the threat of mudslides.
It is heading towards the Bahamas and the Turks and the K-coats.
Oh, it's heading towards the Bahamas, man.
Oh, oh.
Now it is.
Now if you're into Bahamas, you better find you a good machine real fast.
Yeah, man.
And this window right here is it's over the open waters and then trining away from the US.
Yeah, away from the US.
Not into Florida.
Don't panic.
Don't go out there in the well.
It's not the last in the well.
It's not going to hit Florida.
You're not going to have to get a whole bunch of bottle water and board up the house and get the plie.
Wouldn't go crazy.
Like a bunch of crazy people.
Which every time, you know, there's a bird flim.
And over with bad diarrhea, they're out there running to public.
Oh, give me all the water you got.
I want all the water.
It's kind of like Moe with the pizza, you know, all for me, like that.
Hopping it up.
So we don't have any hurricanes here.
I'll take that Chris.
I got some nasty weather coming.
In fact, right now it's 45.
Sunny though.
It's beautiful.
7-11 is what we got in the pool.
7-11.
What is that vote for?
Like 900?
Yes, I'm like that.
We don't care.
Vote on the pool, okay?
Actually, you know, it's interesting because I put the pool while the game was still on.
And the only votes that were coming in were the people who hate to dolphins like poison like me.
Or people who don't care at all about the dolphins or football already have this crap.
You know, which is a lot of our audience.
I know that clearance and the others and like Jolly Joe can't relate to the fact that there are any men out there who just don't give a crap.
I mean, maybe they give a crap, but they're not like obsessed.
They're not obsessed with it.
They're like a sickness.
The dolphins suck festivacism makes me unable to care less 286.
40%.
They couldn't care less.
Yamama.
Happy as hell, I've written the six.
Wish Wayne could buy the Patriots team and slip fins jerseys on them for 08.85 said that.
Jellicy is a bad, bad thing.
Never have a bad thing.
Pray for 016.83.
Wish they'd sign Brady Quinn 49.
Why to stick my head in the oven 48?
Actually, if you're interested in hockey in the panthers 29 and oh yeah, they're doing great.
There's nobody going to those games.
It's just kind of like that game in the memory of state.
They announced one number and then you're looking to where are all these people, man.
And it was just me and you see those big chunks of empty red seats.
I personally didn't notice it, but I wasn't paying that close attention towards them.
Yeah, if I was you, I wouldn't want to close either.
Want to one load my season tickets on anybody who will take them 14.
There you go. There's 14 people out there.
Josh, they'd be delighted to give you the tickets.
All right.
And nostalgic for.
Now, nostalgic for Nick Saban 11.
That's really desperate.
When you want Nick Saban back, man, you are really desperate.
717 on the neo-riders.com pool.
Go to wqm.com and see how small our little banner is now because Josh shrunk it down.
You're a dead guy.
Why did you do that?
It used to be like twice that size.
Whatever you say.
Yeah, no, you know what it used to be wqm.com.
That's what it used to be.
Neal's deals was just the whole thing.
What are you talking about?
Like what are you talking about?
Believe me, the banner is there and nobody can not see it.
It's right there at the top.
You get the search for it.
You got a search for it?
Yeah, it's like my, you know, got a search for it.
So what were you trying to say?
I gave the tickets to Miguel because I had a sexual attraction.
I was like, what was that?
It was a thing.
I know.
I liked him.
But as a person, even if he would have been ugly, he was a good guy.
Like in your case, you're a good guy and you're not much.
Thanks.
I'm talking about, you know, a lot of guys out there for whatever reason they want to, they want to be you.
You know that, that one Steve guy for you used your, first echoes on all the time.
I'm surprised there's not more.
I'm just living the good life, man.
A-Hood Ulmer, then that's what we hear.
And don't let George take out your girlfriend anymore, okay?
Because he's not joking.
He's serious.
As I'm sure you know.
Yeah, don't worry.
He doesn't have a chance.
A-Hood Ulmer, the Israeli Prime Minister, has got prostate cancer.
Hubman Drared, okay.
Couldn't happen to a more deserving guy.
Now, we wanted to survive so we can kill a lot more Lebanese and the Palestinians.
I'm looking at that schedule and I just see the names of all these ex-Jocs and that's the, the station.
Why, why can't we get the sports writers back on too?
We could have like OJ Canal, Alex Marvez and Ethan Skolnik and who's got the smallest of VMs.
What the biggest name?
The best talent here in Israel.
I lost a little strength in that.
I'm 60 QAM.
Me.
Sports leader.
I like the Wii Wii.
Hello.
I'm right winged political pundit and culture.
When I get home after a busy day spent bashing Jews, liberals, Gays, Hillary Clinton, 9-11 widows, Democrats, illegal immigrants,
little sick kids, mother Teresa, Captain kangaroo, baseball, and old people, I need to relax.
So I have a glass of wine and open a bottle of bitch be gone.
Yes, two of those little jail caps and I get so unbitchified.
I could watch a West Wing marathon.
Just kidding.
I can never be unbitchified enough for that.
But now I can unwind and indulge my fantasies.
Like what it would have been like to a Venet Clinton intern.
Oh, yes, Mr. President.
Oh, I know I'm too skinny.
Oh, I'll eat more donuts.
Oh, and fried potatoes.
Oh, was that out loud?
Bitches and culture for bitch be gone.
Remember, even stone-cold bitches have to rest sometime.
Luminatine, let's go for a nice said dirt nap so she can rest forever for eternity that bitch.
Luminatine at QAM.
We got the Josh Cordis with us today who's really upset because I didn't even know it often tickets.
You guys all you and money, more money, anything else you want?
You know what's funny is you make it sound like I'm like this really unreasonable guy.
Do I ever ask you, Birchack?
Like I haven't got a second like six months, but have I said anything?
I haven't been six months, you've got a July.
I know.
August September October, that sounds like three months to me.
And what am I getting for my birthday next Monday, by the way, Mr. Hodgschot?
A big kiss.
An email. Happy birthday.
Yeah.
I think he was striffer.
There it is. That was from me.
Happy day to you.
Happy day to you.
Happy day.
You're me.
Happy day to you.
Oh, right.
Wasn't that touching?
I've never heard that before.
Really?
No.
Oh, there you go.
You see, that's what you get when you got a birthday coming up.
Next Monday, send a lot of cards and money.
Okay, send all of them out into Christen and Josh.
They need us.
Especially, yes.
I tell you what, man.
I'll just stop bugging you about the checks for the stories.
Just what happens is just send your social security checks to me when you get them.
It's about two grand a month.
Really? That much?
Love it.
You think I have applied for social security?
You think I'm going to cash in my social security now?
Go for it, man.
Just forward it to me.
Oh, man.
Woo!
Everybody's a big shot with my money.
That's what really cranks me up.
Everybody's a big shot with my money.
Oh, Prince Charles, by the way, got his hand in the cookie jar and somebody's...
Black hole.
Yeah.
Details are rejected today that the British Royal Family is at the center of an alleged blackmail plot.
This couldn't be the fact that Charlie is gay.
Good.
Scotland Yard confirmed to see an end that two men have been charged with trying to blackmail an unnamed member of the Royal Family.
The man aged 30 and 40 appeared behind closed doors.
At the City Westminster Magistrate's Court in London last month, each charged with one kind of blackmail.
It's being reported in the British press that the men have purchased the Royal House Holdings suggested that they had a videotape of a royal taking part in a sex act.
It couldn't be Prince Charles with that gay.
British newspapers have also said that the alleged blackmail has claimed to have a tape of royal eight stored in cocaine supplied by a member of the royal family.
It's reported that police were then brought in that a detective posed as a royal official during a meeting with alleged blackmailers at London Hotel to subspace were then arrested.
British newspapers report that the member demanding approximately 50,000 pounds, it's 100 grand US, and exchange for not making the video public.
Buckingham Palace, it's a police matter they can't comment further, of course, because it's too embarrassing there are a bunch of perverts, okay, inside the palace.
There's a lot more than one queen inside that building.
The judge in this case of his ban from the media, he's banned the media from publishing or broadcasting any information that would lead to the identification of the accused or the alleged victim.
Raaah!
It's called a cover up which the Baton Beres are very famous for covering up all their salacious crap.
743 on our pool, but we got a shot of a thousand of these.
We can get to 800 and some by a noonish.
Well, less than two a minute for a thousand, sir.
Wow! That would be a real feather in Josh Cornish's camp, wouldn't give him any dolphin tickets.
And look what flew up the chart there.
I want Chris to have the dolphin tickets, I don't want them.
What flew up the chart, pray for 1.16?
Yeah.
That's Chris trying to make himself feel better even though he realizes the audience likes Josh a lot more than they like him, but that's all good.
So far no one's called in saying I suck like they are.
Oh, look at this!
Talk about the judges like that one.
So, if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
And if you have any questions, please let me know.
Oh, that's George that you're the player?
George plays all that stuff.
I don't have that crowd.
Dude, I don't even have a computer on over here.
Geez, you better get with it.
If you're going to fill in George's shirt.
You're right, I'm sorry.
Those big-sized ni'ines, whatever size they might be.
Robert Creeper will tell us.
He knows what size they'll choose.
Yeah, yeah.
Seriously, do I really have to work with him on Wednesday?
Why can't Zach work again Wednesday?
Well, we'll see if he wants to.
We'll talk to him about that for you.
Yeah.
Creeper don't want to be on there anyway.
He already, uh, didn't need to say that to somebody.
Okay, he said, uh, why am I working on the show on Wednesday?
Because Clarence wants you to do it to aggravate me,
because now you're his boyfriend.
So he's using you, Creeper, to get back at me.
Oh, by the way, Zach came in here during the break and said
he's got some good stuff for you about Joel.
Good.
Everybody be sure to tune in tomorrow.
We got Zach Krance is going to be in there with, uh, Curtis.
And he's going to give you all the straight poop on what goes on across the street.
I won't be here in mind.
Who's going to be there tomorrow?
Oh, Chris, well, why are you guys going to be there?
I don't want to make, yeah, I don't want to sound like Zach is a big deal,
because he is whatever he is fat.
More like him a lot, I know that.
To to to to to to to to to to.
But then again, more like to everybody, and they loved him, you know?
I mean, I'm sure I've got a few detractors in the building, a few.
Many.
Like little Maddie Bell, people like that.
He's not there anymore, is he?
No.
So I heard no.
Good. That goes to show you.
We want to you want to turn on me and all of a sudden you're out the door, man.
What happened to Miguel?
I'm actually Miguel's one of the few people in the building that had the balls to be on this show.
I admit that he liked the show.
He liked me, like George.
He liked everything about it.
And that's why he got canned.
The George Todd story and the air Chris about the day that Miguel got canned.
Yeah, he was talking about the the use of more promotions with George.
And he got fired.
Correct.
He had the audacity to suggest they give a little more money into George's pocket.
He's got a wife and two kids and a dog to support.
And Alton or you, Miguel?
We don't like people who will consult with that midday show, with that damn fat old Fag Jr. Rogers.
And his little Julio producer there, and anybody else associated with it.
We don't like you.
You're going to get stabbed in the back and screwed and tattooed.
Right, Jolly Joe?
But I will say this.
I do get paid today, early, early, every payday.
I check shows up a day early, at least.
One paid, and paid a short of five days early.
And when my birthday coming next week, now let me ask you this.
What do you think I'm going to get from the station?
Do you think I'm going to get a card and email anything?
No.
From here?
Yeah.
The same thing I get in my anniversary every first and last.
Like even the 30th anniversary, year ago last March.
What did I get?
Zipri Duda, nothing.
Not best wishes, not Bafangula, nothing.
What biggest name?
The best talent, you know, is Neil Rogers.
4.2560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The U.
Yes.
You see our ratings for the last book?
Yeah, I know it's for starting.
Sure.
It's absolutely yes.
Wake up, act.
I can't play you home.
Wait for me.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What's your back, act?
You won't wait for me.
Oh, no more.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
Think about it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
Don't want white promoter.
Don't want white promoter.
You don't want white promoter.
Aw, brother, all that glove I don't understand.
Now you can eat from a trough, while you're in both ends.
That thick, that fat you need, a rating stool!
You just bite, climbing in.
It's all you are for.
That is straight from your fat ass out.
Well, we'll take the food outta you or not.
That straight, patchy fat fat.
Well, you won't wait for film no more, no more!
Don't wait for film no more, no more, no more, no more.
Well, you won't wait for film no more.
This is what we say!
Get your back, Jack!
Who more? Who would we like that?
Like he did that other time.
An infamous story, man, in the amals of this place?
Contributions from associates and friends have now indicted garbage executive James Galantay to the 2004 presidential campaign of US Senator Jew Lieberman has sparked the interest in federal investigators.
Lieberman's bid for the White House took at least $14,000 from Galantay as associates and their relays, and the fall of 2003, according to a Hartford,
the current review of campaign records.
The contributions to Lieberman's longtime democratic became an independent in 2006, and who should only croak over get death, are similar to allegedly bundled contributions to three Republican office orders that earlier this month led to state charges against Galantay, who is also facing a 2006 federal rack-intering indictment.
What's more, people familiar with the campaign matter say the names of Lieberman, the three Republicans, and about a dozen other Connecticut and New York politicians have turned up on what the FBI loosely refers to as a ledger that agencies from Galantay's office while investigating mom influence in the trash industry.
So, we've got to watch out for people in the trash industry, I'll take you that, but we can't mention any names.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Watch out for those people in the trash business.
We're in high-lingus.
But we can't say that because it's in that dolphin contract we can't make any, you know, negative comments about Baldy.
Well, the shape up.
Okay, sorry.
The so-called ledger and subject of interest to a legislative committee investigating Senator Lewis Deluca, Republican Woodbury, summarizes information provided at Galantay by his lobbyist on fundraising goalset by number of candidates that people familiar with the documents said.
Lieberman spokesman said no one knew of any regularities or improprieties at the time of the contributions.
Rise. Birds of a feather.
Concert together.
Julie Berman, my ass.
Oh, brother.
What a maniac.
What a lunatic.
Seven seventy one on the pool.
Something's going on here.
I think it's cross court.
This is with us today.
We ought to pay him like, now what is it that you got tomorrow that's going on?
And Thursday.
For Wednesday.
I'm just real busy Tuesday, Wednesday.
Doing what?
A lot of videos, a lot of meetings, things like that.
Meetings?
I do have a job, you know.
Meetings with whom?
I have like promotions meetings and...
Promotions meeting.
Promotions at QAM.
Well, not just at QAM, my friend.
I'm not just the one man Charlie.
Not just the one station Charlie.
What does that mean?
You're working for power also?
I'm like a...
I'm like a beastly dude.
Sort of.
I work on a kiss country and I oversee the Power 96 website as well.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Hey, that doesn't mean I listen to it.
I'm not going to make it till 65.
All the people that we're going to send me all kinds of neat birthday gifts,
forget about, I'm never going to make it.
I'll never last till Monday.
You do stuff for...
And let me ask you this.
Please.
Who do you think is making more money?
You were George.
Is that a joke or...?
No, I don't know.
They supposedly paid you a ton of money to get you off the show
to like stamp us in the bank.
They paid me a ton of money.
I mean, I don't know that...
Isn't that the rumor?
It might be a rumor, but...
Chris is making, but I mean, you know, almost.
I mean, I'm making a living.
You know, I'm not going to lie about that, but...
I'm just a living.
You know, I'm...
I could use your social security every month.
Let me give you an answer to that.
No.
Yeah.
I'm just joking.
No, I mean, I'm doing okay, I guess.
I wouldn't say I'm making more than George.
You know what, I have no idea what George makes.
I don't have the slightest clue.
You want to see a girl man cry?
I never have any idea.
Well, I have an idea, but, you know, I mean, he's been there for 10 years.
And what they...
The way they treat him, I wouldn't treat...
I wouldn't treat a cat.
A rabbit cat.
A squirrel.
A possum.
I wouldn't treat it that way.
A rabbit possum.
The way they treat him.
But that's okay.
You know, it's Jolly Joe in the sports crowd.
And look at how...
Look how well that's working out, too.
They got rid of the marlins because they were losing their ass on it.
They got rid of the panties because they were losing money.
And because there's no Zirl, less than zero interest, we had like...
Oh!
...number's at night, which now Joel Feinberg being the genius study is...
Now he's going to grab up those invisible numbers from the marlins and the Panthers.
And...
Oh!
He don't even have Geltie on there.
Geltie's doing the TV now.
He's got Red Deer Randy for telling me to be a playboy.
Look at the...
You know, I've been talking about this for years, but look at the way it has devolved into where we are today.
The Dolphin Games are broadcast by Jimmy Cifilis, another ex-jocke who's got no business doing them.
And the Panthers Games on the radio is Red Deer Randy Molare, a marginal ex-jocke player
who also has no broadcast experiences of playboy playgirl and also has no business doing them.
And of course the marlins, that's your boyfriend, you know,
Dave Ann Boring, who went across the street and did I ask out where he asked you about Roxy Foxy?
What about what you thought about that?
I thought it was just fine.
Yeah, but they stuck it to him, man.
I know they did.
Well, who's going to do the games with Dave Ann Boring?
Who knows?
Who knows?
Maybe they can get somebody really good on their likes to go.
A United Nations expert is condemned to growing use of crops to produce biofuels as a replacement for petrol as a crime against humanity.
This must be from the BBC, because they said petrol instead of gas.
The UN Special reporter on the right to food gene Ziggler said he feared biofuels would bring more hunger.
They growth in the production by fuels is up to push the prices on crops to record levels.
Mr. Ziggler's remarks made that the UN headquarters in New York are clear of design to grab attention.
He complained of an ill-conceived dash to convert food stuff such as maze and sugar into fuel,
which created a recipe for disaster.
It was, he said, a crime against humanity to divert arable land of the production of crops, which are then burned for fuel.
He called for a five-year ban on the practice.
Within that time of court of Mr. Ziggler, technological advances would enable the use of agricultural waste such as corn cobs and banana leaves
rather than crops themselves to produce fuel.
Now, what do you do with a corn cob?
Rectum!
The growth in the production of biofuels has been driven in part by the desire to find less and environmentally damaging alternatives to oil.
Those ragheads, man, they, you know what they would be doing?
They would be sucking wind if it wasn't for that damn oil.
Those nasty Saudis, man, they ragheads should only croak.
The US is also keen to reduce its reliance on oil imported from politically unstable regions.
Oh, but the trend is contributed to a sharp rise in food prices as farmers, especially in the US,
which production from wheat and soy to corn, which is then turned to ethanol.
Mr. Ziggler is not alone in warning of the problem.
The INF last week's voice concerned that the increasing global reliance on grain as a source of fuel could have serious implications for the world's poor.
Well, guess what? We don't care about the world's poor. How do you like that?
Because the bush crowd, all they care about is the people with a big money like Josh.
People make into big bucks.
So I guess the deal they gave you wasn't all as spectacitors. Maybe they let us to believe it was.
They you turned to like...
Well, compared to what I was making while I was on the show.
Thank God we got Chris, okay, because at least he's a good guy. He's fat.
Well, I'm not a good guy.
No, I'm not saying that. You are a good guy, but the other thing is that at least you have left.
Why? I'm saying you were saying that since he left, at least I'm not such a bad person. I'm no greeper.
But who is? Who would want to be? Who would want to be that?
That thing, that creature that unmentionable one, who has a clearance zero blow-up dial at home.
780 votes on the pool that Alphan's suck fest of a season makes me unable to cure less 372.
37%, 39%.
Oh, they're apologizing now, FEMA for the fake news conference.
FEMA is their employees. The agency released this video of the news conference.
Are you, or are you having the FEMA's response?
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
Hard-hitting journalism. Word got out and barricing the White House.
It is not a practice that we would employ here at the White House, that we certainly don't condone it.
No, we certainly don't condone a fake news conference.
It just happened that we put a bullet in the air and we put a bullet in the air and said the intent was to provide useful information.
The intent was to do what you always do, lie through your teeth, you see the public cover up your ass because you're not prepared for anything.
You weren't prepared for Katrina, you're not prepared for the fires in California.
If a food fly, hearts, bad gas, and it drops in Manhattan, you're not prepared to deal with that either, okay?
I've had most inappropriate things I've seen since I've been in government.
No, there's Mickey, sure. I'll heck up a job, by the way, Mickey.
What's the biggest name?
The other name is...
Sportage of 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Oh, God.
Bush took responsibility after Michael Brown resigned.
I bet you've read the second thoughts about taking it in the behind where was FEMA?
Right, Tom.
No big contrast.
They went to Alabama.
FEMA!
Responds more quickly when it's rich people hurtin'.
When it's rich people hurtin'.
FEMA!
14-go-lunin is 560 WQM, happy Monday to you.
Now listen, it was just a game yesterday, okay?
0-8.
Perfect.
What's wrong with having another perfect season?
What do you think?
Okay.
And Josh is upset because he doesn't get to go to the games.
Why would you want to go?
Well, I don't mind going to a football game, A.
But no, I was really asking more that if Chris was getting it, she's your producer now.
Chris doesn't get him because he doesn't want him.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa.
That was never even an option.
I wasn't like, were you in...
Now, it was...
Where the hell's the tickets?
Where is Ray Perry?
My boy needs the tickets.
My boy?
Yes.
My friend and professor?
Who?
A personal friend of mine, okay?
Have you ever even met?
Yeah, except I was a nobody intern at the time.
We went over this.
You had your whole cast and everything going?
Are you a personal friend of mine?
No.
Have we ever gone to lunch together?
No.
Are we ever going to go to lunch together?
No.
Are we ever going to go to lunch together?
No.
No.
Well, Josh is complaining for you.
He's saying that he's trying to help you.
He's one of these people who tells everybody.
And of course, Josh is conveniently forgotten as Brandon reminds me.
And thank you, Brandon, very much for the fact that your dog would probably be sleeping
with a fish right now if it weren't for me.
I'm sorry, what did you say?
I said, your dog whose operation I've paid for to keep alive
would be probably dead right now if it weren't for me.
I don't think that was right.
I'm sorry.
Did I not thank you for that?
I mean, I really appreciated that.
You know, here you are.
Give me an instruction.
Don't worry.
Who should have the tickets?
How much money I should be sending you?
I should be signing over my ATM card, all this other crap.
Come on.
Don't be old and grumpy, okay?
Just keep old.
And I know.
You're halfway there.
Throw the grumpy out the window.
Come on, buddy.
I appreciate that.
I'm just messing with you.
No, you don't.
But I will take the ticket.
I'm just saying I asked you.
I was curious.
No, you won't take the tickets because you're not going to get them.
I understand that.
I asked you.
I said, what's going on with the tickets?
Chris, get your tickets because I know the last year that I did the show.
A friend of Professor who's a personal friend of mine.
Well, I have lunch with every couple of months.
Who's a great guy.
He gets the tickets.
He asked.
He didn't demand them.
But next best thing, do it.
He asked.
He was just like, yo, can I get your dolphins season tickets?
He says, I shouldn't even have to ask for that.
I'd take him right away.
Well, he's a big fan.
He's a master kiss.
He goes there and sees that crap and pretends to enjoy it.
I had tickets all those years and believe you me.
That's why I stopped being a fan.
I didn't enjoy it.
Not just because they were losing, but because the whole organization just turned me off.
They made me into a Patriot fan.
And believe you me, when I became a Patriot fan, Tom Brady was still playing at Michigan.
It's better of all this crap that I get.
Oh, he just a Patriot fan because he got the hospital for Tom Brady.
That was just a bonus.
That was just, you know, came out of the blue.
How can you be a dolphin fan?
Oh, you can't say that.
Wayne's going to be upset.
Too bad.
How can you be a fan of an organization that does so many idiotic things for years and years and years?
Stupid.
They have done, and I think it's a perfect marriage between QA and the dolphins.
Because they have done the football team exactly what this current regime is then a QA and they've destroyed it.
They've butchered it.
They made it a laughing stock.
Just like Jolly Joe and his boyfriend clearance have done the QA and where we used to dominate,
of course, the fact that we have the Cuban interference and nobody can hear us, that's another story.
And they don't talk to me about that.
Like, oh, well, we're going to go 50,000 watch now.
We're going to, you know, buy a whole bunch of land in the Everglades and put up 45 towers and go 50,000 watch.
Well, that's because I believe they can't do anything about it.
It would be the quote out of their mouth.
Did you hear me talking last week about Waxi, about 790, which used to be WNWS,
and about how we got hit with the same Cuban interference because Castor was one in eight,
running 80's in and watch on our frequency.
And we immediately applied the FCC for a power increase, and that's why that station is 25,000 watch as opposed to five or ten or whatever used to be.
To overcome the Cuban interference.
And they said, sure, go ahead.
Cost money, but they did it.
Oh, all that, you said it right there.
We can't even afford paper clips and stamps and staples, stuff like that, and facts paper and CDs.
CDs, my ass.
Kidney.
800 votes on the poll.
We might surprise you today.
We might get a thousand on here, Chris, whatever your name is.
So what do we got?
We got Zach tomorrow and Wednesday.
Well, yeah, he said he's willing to do it Wednesday as long as he can get someone to cover his dees at the,
uh, recovery duty.
Yeah.
His dees at the dolphins, what?
Uh, I guess he has to cover practice.
What does that mean?
He has to cover practice.
He goes there that he reports.
He's a reporter.
Get out of here, report my ass.
So every reporter, what did you do now?
What?
She is a good God Almighty.
Everybody we got in the building.
Oh, he's covering the hurricanes and this one's covering the practice of the dolphins and the who got to took the fastest shower.
We know I just can't be here tomorrow, right?
No, I don't.
He gave me double talking and give me an honest answer.
What I just told you, I have.
You said you had all these other things for a while.
What do you want me to break my day down for you?
You have to go videotape Randy Sannin.
I go down to UM every Tuesdays to the press conference.
I, you know, there's a lot of video on wqa.com.
You know, I got to shoot these things.
You know something, somebody ought to be shot for what's going on in that place.
The hurricane, ding-blow!
Yeah.
Hey, the guy with a ball.
I'm sure needed that on campus remaining for the basketball team that nobody goes to the games anymore and then ever did and won't ever will.
I think season tickets for basketball are six bucks.
Total, I think total.
Yeah.
And I'll tell you what season tickets ought to be for the dolphins.
Eight bucks.
Now, how did this thing work this year because I didn't pay that much attention?
I know that the fans who are season ticket holders got screwed because yesterday's game in London was a home game.
Yeah, I believe they still paid the same price.
What?
Yeah.
So in other words, they paid for eight regular season home games and they got seven.
Pretty sure.
Well, yeah, I'd be like the price.
That sounds like I'm taking a poll to me.
Not that I would want to criticize the owner.
When I think of that.
That sounds like a rip off, okay?
It either went up in price or it stayed the same as last year, but they're losing the poll.
They needed to play that game in London like I need massive bleeding hemorrhoids, okay?
They didn't need to play that game over there.
I mean, the so-ya-ass brits, they got their football with a U-baby, they got that soccer, and they get all licked up and all the beat the crap out of each other and riot and go crazy over it.
They don't give a crap about this.
They don't even understand it.
They don't get it.
They're too stupid to understand it.
They don't know the rules.
They don't get it.
And they play it on that pitch, on that crap with a big chunks of grass, all those divots coming out there.
It was garbage.
They kept changing their cleats.
Did you think that was a game?
And what was that?
I thought it was pathetic.
Yeah, it was pretty close.
Yeah, I don't know if I mentioned it in the year.
I think I was screaming to Chris about it before the show about Eli Manning.
He is pathetic.
Pathetic!
He was pretty bad yesterday.
Not even 100 yards passing.
He's got tumor right open in the end zone.
He's about 8 feet tall and he throws it all 5 yards over his head.
Hey, he's got Manning.
Did you see that play?
Yeah.
He is wide open in the end zone.
A junior high school kid quarterback at a thrown him ball.
Just love it.
There's nobody there.
There's nobody in the end zone.
And he throws it 100 yards over his head.
And pretty much that's the way the whole game went.
He sucks.
Eli Manning.
I had the feeling that they missed the team bus to giants.
Maybe there was some sympathy.
Of course, their coach is a pathetic old koo-2.
Didn't he use to coach Carolina?
What's his name?
Tom Poppum.
Yeah.
Another silly old koo-2 stands on the sidelines.
I was looking pissed off and be fuddled.
And kind of like what's his name?
Scan camera.
Maybe the players were out late than I before hanging out with like a London horse.
And a little spotted tea or something like that.
Exactly.
Or maybe some of the other great British cuisine like that tot in the hole and that spotted dick.
800 and three votes on the pool.
Or I shouldn't have said that.
What's his name?
Jeremy Shockey is going to get upset by it.
My Santa.
Another real redneck.
Another UN product by the way.
That's right.
Jack As.
800 and three votes on the pool.
I shouldn't have said that because then we got the OJ and Danny Canal.
Now where did Danny Canal play?
He was in the state.
Florida State.
Yeah, I know Danny Canal.
He was an FSU.
What a bad guy.
He was no Casey Weldon though.
Who?
Casey Weldon.
I'm sorry.
FSU from the early early early 90s.
I got to have to Google him.
You can go ahead and Google him.
I'd like to Google him.
He was a born again Christian by the way.
And boy was he ever...
Casey Weldon.
They got then good farm homegrown boys up there in Tallahassee.
At FSNU.
Good Christian.
We ought to go up to Colorado.
A bigger part?
Play for the Rockies.
The God Squad.
God was pissed off baby.
They got swept for straight to Colorado Rockies with their professional goy-ism.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
The Lord has aimed at you five years.
He's the only way I'm the sports leader.
Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q8M.
I can die as to my story about 30 dead bees.
The dumb as a dumb beetle bees leave these.
One day on a break from a heated and red throat.
Somehow bought stations on Newfackel radio.
Where are you, Doug?
What we did here, bars?
Got a channel coming out of it.
The green maker.
You want me to make money out of you?
You got a pension, Doug.
Prepare the door shut.
I'll get you.
I'll get you.
I'll get you.
Next thing you know, the Peasley Clan are billionaire.
A lot of barrow shoes and some long gun underwear.
Lucky to be based in Laura.
The paradise were crooked.
Dead bees flow.
Beepley.
Dead bees.
Let the Rockies you will see how the bees means.
Beepley dead bees.
If there's nothing in your bank, you have to Peasley's a bank.
Peasley dead bees.
And there's Charlie Cho go and ho ho ho ho.
Beepley dead bees.
Beepley dead bees.
Underhanded and cheap, expecting you to work for free.
Beepley dead bees.
Beepley dead bees.
Despicably though, syncopated, sporadical, Beepley dead bees.
Beepley dead bees.
Work for baby GI and you'll never get a dog from the dead bees.
Beepley dead bees.
Beepley dead bees.
Combo 10560 WDQ.
I'm going to show us flying by today.
Thank God for that because I'm in a coma.
I'm like having an out of body experience today.
Why is that?
The change of weather I think.
Plus, all that carbohydrates I guess to me.
Or the sugar?
Well, that's what it is.
You find carbohydrates, aka sugar.
And even if it isn't sugar, like pasta, it turns into sugar.
It's a real thing.
Right.
Still eat that.
What is it?
What does it mean?
What does it mean?
I should.
I should be getting some.
In fact, I just got an email from them.
I ran out of it.
Which is amazing.
Because I had enough to signal battleship.
And I ran out of it.
And I didn't get any mold.
I don't know about you, but I ate that stuff when you were talking about it.
And how do I say this?
It kept me extremely regular.
Yeah.
Yeah, because I got fiber.
Yeah, I didn't like that.
You didn't like it?
Well, I didn't.
I'm not because of the taste because of that.
Can you believe this?
I was just thinking about Norma Kent and how inept she is.
And here's an email.
Did you hear it on my black right there?
No, I didn't.
Not of major importance.
I am out of personalized autographed photos which I send to people who request them.
Can you send me a packet to meet the men?
No, I can't.
I don't have any.
I have a box in my own, but I don't get that many requests, it says.
Personalized this one to Linda, she was one of the girls I really liked in high school.
Where did I go wrong?
Ask Norma.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
I don't have any Norma in the tell them to get lost or get whatever she can.
That's what I get from my agent.
Like George said, if you had a real agent man, you'd be syndicated and be making 20 billion a year.
And then I could send you guys all the tickets you wanted, all the money you wanted.
Eh, I just did one.
I want?
I could, not he would.
This is a guy who drops his black bear in the toilet the first week that he's got it.
Thanks.
Did you ever want to ask him to?
What happened?
Did you ever tell him?
I'm holding the new one right here which I don't even want to tell people what I paid for it.
Because I bought it in our drops in the toilet and I didn't have insurance.
So I had to pay full price again.
How much you pay for it?
Too much.
How much?
Uh, almost five.
Ah!
Yeah.
Five.
Almost.
Wow.
Is this the brand new, the blackberry curve, the new one?
No, it's not a blackberry.
I have the Q.
Q.
Gay.
So I'm looking at StuGas by the way, because it makes me feel better.
It's not important that we succeed, but that they fail.
Okay.
I'm looking at a 50-50 club, you know, the things that you're the website.
No.
I don't ever go to their website.
Well, you shouldn't.
Well, why not?
That's all they care about in our building is what are they doing across the street?
How's their, you know, what are they doing?
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
They're sure they're not selling their 50-50 certificates.
Well, that makes a lot of people.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you're aware that a lot of stations are doing this, yes?
Yes.
Okay.
And who else is in selling them?
I don't really want to talk about that right now, but just trust me.
A lot of them aren't.
I'll tell you all.
See, when you come on this show, which you should have, because you worked on this show for a hundred years, you should understand that.
Where else did I tell you I work now?
Oh, power is power to it.
No.
The other one.
Kiss.
Kiss isn't selling out their certificates.
Well, who the hell is this?
It's a redneck, baby.
They got no cash for no restaurants.
Anyway.
So, Galupis, which I guess was the last one on last Thursday with the student, see the thing that amazes me about this is supposedly allegedly they have their big number of the Dan La Bastard and Stugots.
Galupis, they have 66 left.
Joseph's on the water, which we sold out in one day.
They have 36 left.
That's from two weeks ago.
And six tables from three weeks ago, they have about 30 left.
They're not doing it.
So, the fact that on this week they got the Daisy Duke saloon.
They have 100 for that.
But that don't go on sale.
Well, Thursday night at six.
So, you know, I mean, we've had a couple of slow days.
Took us an hour, 20 minutes to this last time to get a cell out of Jake's, which was great food, by the way.
Yes, it was.
But they were all hundred of them.
And then I'm fighting out.
I'm watching the news yesterday and I'm fighting out that nobody's got money.
Everybody's broke.
So, you guys don't have to feel alone.
Everybody's crying to blues.
Retail sales are way, way down.
Nobody's doing any business.
Nobody's got any money.
It's the end of the world, baby.
We don't want you to get nervous, but thanks to your president and pissing away.
Well, I couldn't say that.
Pying away.
What? Did you dump it?
I didn't.
I can't.
Me neither.
Well, that was made in a, you know.
At any rate, your money's going down the toilet.
That's what I'm saying.
And the economy's going to hell.
And let me say it again.
The Canadian loonies worth almost $5.
A buck five, oh, brother.
And the euro, $144.
And a gallon of gas now that bear, what is it?
$92, almost a barrel.
I believe it went over $92.
Which means by the end of the year, you're going to be paying about $4.
Maybe pretty soon, like, $20 a gallon.
Can't wait.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices.
And this is the thing that kills me, these, all these politicians and suits.
They come on the Sunday morning shows, and they talk, they intellectualize it,
as if there's some debate here.
There's a world going on that was started based on a pack of lies.
That's all there's nothing complicated about it.
And people, innocent people, are dying, being butchered every single day.
And there's a debate going on, but it'll be, but it'll be, but it'll be.
But like, there's something debate about it.
Well, there's Aihud Olmer.
And he's got prostate cancer.
And like I said before, government dread.
A man accused of pulling a gun as OJ Simpson and others confronted two sports memorabilia dealers in the Vegas Hotel Room.
To all the judge today, he will accept a plea deal and testify against Simpson and two other men, which we say,
All right.
Michael McClinton, 49, of Vegas, you go, Mike.
He came the third man to agree to plead guilty, reduced charges in the case.
He told justice to the piece Joe and Bonna venture.
He will plead guilty to robbery and conspiracy to commit robbery.
He could receive probation, rough to 11 years in a slimer.
According to police reports, McClinton brought two guns at Simpson's request
to a September 13 confrontation with collectibles dealers Bruce Fromon and Alfred Beardsley.
McClinton wielded one gun and acted like a police officer according to others in the hotel room.
McClinton's testimony would provide prosecutors with another account
counter-triggering Simpson's plan that no guns were involved in that he went to read tree items that he said belonged to him.
In brief comments outside the courtroom, his lawyer William Terry wouldn't say what testimony McClinton would provide.
Simpson's lawyer, Yale Yantle Galanter, did not immediately respond to request for commenties,
criticized Clark County David Roger for giving away the courthouse while cutting deals with co-defendants.
Simpson and co-defendants clearance to wooden Charles Erlich face 12 criminal charges,
including kidnapping, armed robbery, assault with a deadly weapon, conspiracy and coercion in one gross misdemeanor,
conspiracy to commit a crime.
A kidnapping conviction alone could result a sense of life in prison with parole.
Ooooo!
Charles Cashmore and Walter Alexander played guilty to reduce charges and re-detestify against the three men.
Alexander A Simpson golfing buddy from Ace Arizona told police that Simpson said to bring guns
and told them later deny the guns were used.
Alexander pleaded guilty to felony conspiracy to commit robbery and could face probation for six years in the slimer.
Cashmore, a union laborer from Vegas pleaded guilty to felony accessory to robbery could receive probation for up to five years.
Authority same member were taken from the hotel room, included football, game ball, sign by Simpson,
drill-mind-tand-alithographs, baseballs autographed by Pete Rose and Duke Snyder,
photos of Simpson with a Heisman trophy, and framed awards and plaques together rated as much as a hundred grand according to police reports.
See, call me crazy, but I'm thinking that if I get away with double murder, if I get off the hook,
because the attorneys played the race card.
Right.
That from that point on, I'm going to be so squeaky clean, man.
I'm not going to fart the wrong flavor, you know what I'm saying?
But oh no, not OJ, because it's in his blood, man. He can't stop being a professional slime ball. That's him.
Whether it's stealing satellite signals or one of our other crappies doing.
Never stops.
And wouldn't it be sweet justice, man, if they put him away for years and years for this, after he got off the hook the first time, wouldn't that be sweet?
That would be.
We could have a party.
It's calling my dog said yesterday.
Life's hard enough.
It's even harder when you're stupid.
Yeah, that's right.
Take a look at this place.
Life is hard enough without these people and then boy, they work overtime to make it just impossible, impossible.
Oh, yeah, there's a real winner for you.
How can he still be there?
Ask any kid what the morning line odds are.
His is a being here by the end of the year by the time we turn the calendar into 2008.
It won't be great.
If Johnny Joe is still here because I'll tell you one thing, the first thing an Eugium would do would be a higher real program director like an adult.
Not some overgrown sports nerd child who has sniffs, juxtraction, and spare time and blow up dolls at every dolphin player.
Can you imagine the Danny Marino blow up doll that clearance must be humped every night?
Wow.
Oh, Danny boy.
It's scary.
830 votes on a full Chris.
I think you might make a thousand today and we'll give Josh all the credit for it.
No cash, just the credit.
Okay.
The biggest name to the best talent.
You're the new rejects.
480-560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Get the honey, Cune.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport men's room during an undercover sexting.
Accused of soliciting sexual man who turned out to be an undercover police officer.
Now for the first time the senator and his wife Suzanne are telling their story.
I had been in that bathroom.
I don't know how many times over the years this particular bathroom is described as a hot spot for anonymous sexual encounters.
Were you aware at all Senator of the reputation of that specific bathroom?
Oh yes.
According to this officer, you looked into the stall and the next thing he says that happened is that
you came under the divider into his stall and you said, quote, pickle here.
I did say that.
That is correct.
Sex in that bathroom.
Yes.
And pulled my pants up and stepped out.
Honey, are you gay?
There's no question.
Absolutely.
It was a marriage of convenience.
To cover a gay lifestyle.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, it is simply true.
And so will you resign?
No, I won't resign.
I will finish out my term, traveling the country.
Soliciting gay sex.
Yes.
It's important to me and I'm going to use all of the rights I have as a citizen to try to do that.
Coming up.
I'm the bad boy, a naughty boy.
Probably even a nasty, bad, naughty boy.
You fairy.
From 17 to QIM, so tell me about this motor roll of Q phone that you got as opposed to the blackberry that you dropped in the toilet.
Did you spend 500 bucks for it?
I didn't spend 500 bucks for it.
No, it's the same phone.
I just...
What is the same phone?
The same phone I dropped in the toilet.
I just had to...
Were you never had a blackberry at all?
No.
So where did that story come from?
Well, it basically is a...
It's better than a blackberry.
I think.
In what regard?
What does it do to the blackberry?
Nothing.
They're all the same crap these days, but you know, just performance wise.
Oh, some others because you got it.
Therefore, that's why it's better.
Let's go with that.
Okay.
Josh Cornis has got the motor roll of Q phone, which he says is better than the blackberry because he's got it.
And Norma, don't bother me with stupid emails anymore, especially in the middle of the show while I'm on the ear.
So I'll talk about you and feed your silly ass, uh, Faggedy Ego.
Cut the crap.
Call up Jolly Joe and do something constructive.
Like tell him right me a check.
Call up somebody that is like a real broadcaster, okay, as opposed to these people?
839 on the pole by the way, not too shabby.
I think we got a shot.
As Jimmy would say, he ought to be shot.
Him and that crew of...
They must give them a laughing guess before that show, including James Brown.
J.B., excuse me, J.B.
And Terry and Howie and the Jimmy and their backslap and oh!
Man, painful.
I usually don't watch him yesterday.
I made a bad mistake.
Then I turn over.
Is it the Fox that Shannon Sharper's on?
No, he's on CBS.
CBS, we know who's that with him.
I'm reading this comment.
Is it Chris Collins?
No, Chris Collins.
Who's on the media now?
I don't believe it.
I don't watch that crap anymore.
I know he's with Dan.
Dan, oh, Dan.
He broke.
Oh, boomer's sirens with him as an idiot.
There you go, boomer.
No, I think it was the boomer that said, all the patriots are going to score their 40 points this week.
They're never going to run on Washington.
They're not going to be right.
No, they didn't score 40.
They scored 52 last time.
I said, boomer.
But then again, you know what his problem was.
He played for the JETS-SUCK.
Jets suck.
That's his problem.
A sentimental montage broadcast by Fox's part of its World Series coverage included President Bush's opening picture in Game 3 of the 2001 World Series a month and a half after the 9-11 attacks as one of the greatest moments in baseball championship history.
Oh, yeah.
The Fox montage, which placed the President's ceremonial throw alongside some of the sports, most celebrated events including Babe Ruth and Immortal 1932 called Shot Home Run.
He was the actor who was posing as Fireman to set the scene.
The President of the Yankee Stadium on Fireman's Succeeding Watches, a television footage of Bush's writing on the picture's mount, he's in our uniform.
A strike, and other calls out, is Bush's door to the ball to home plate.
Oh, gag me with a prune.
According to the coverage at the time by sports illustrated, New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, Arden Yankees, and Senator John McCain, Republican of Arizona, sent a box next to the dugout.
Bush's appearance shows were not afraid.
We're on the turret and that life is moving on the way.
Should Giuliani told a reporter?
Yankees fan Giuliani, who's wore just a few months ago that he would never root for another team, even when the presidency declared last week that he was supporting the Red Sox and the just-ended last night World Series.
How can a Yankee fan root for the Red Sox?
Maybe he didn't like those professional goyem, although I doubt it.
Colorado Rockies, other swallery.
And later, a year ago-
And Barack Obama was falling 6,000 points behind in the polls, saying, no more Mr. Nyscom, I'm going to roll up my sleeves.
A little bit late now, Barack.
What else he's been waiting for?
851 vote on the poll.
If we can make it to 9, little over 900 by 1, then we're going to shock the free world.
Because we had a pretty weak start on this, and you want to know why?
Why?
It's a crappy poll.
I mean, I'm able to care less is winning by so far, 322.
So what does that tell you?
I mean, even the people who are football fan, and I voted for, you know, happy as hell,
although I'd be happy to pray for O-16, either one of those is fine with me.
There are a lot of people in our audience who just don't care about this crap.
Do you understand?
I know far beyond for me to call something as important as the NFL, and I do watch it religiously every week, religiously.
I have the package, and I flip around, and I watch it all.
So I saw virtually all of the dolphins as a giant's game, such as it was,
a piece of crap garbage, and I saw virtually all of the Patriots game.
Which was one hell of a game.
Oh, they're running off the score. Good.
Good.
Running up to 150.
You want to know why?
Joe Gibbs is another one of these born again ass wipes.
See, I almost said it.
Joe Gibbs, am I right?
I woulda don't get that type.
Another born again idiot, Joe Gibbs.
They suck, by the way.
And who's that high school kid they got playing quarterback?
Jason Campbell.
Is that his name?
Yep.
He's awful, pathetic.
Am I right?
Yeah, I guess the Patriots, he was.
He is even worse than Eli Manning, and that's saying, Eli Manning to me is just...
I don't want to get too sporsy though.
No, Jason Campbell was better than Eli, yesterday.
Eli Manning is just...
He's humiliating and disgraceful.
So who are you guys picking in the big game next week?
There's only one game counts.
Let's go Colts.
I beg your pardon?
I'm sorry?
Go.
Can we lose the connection?
Yes, we did.
Yeah, I thought Josh was Jones and for a check in December for all that fine work he does with his stories.
I mean, come on Tom.
Yeah.
Come on, Tommy, baby.
Wes Welker.
Get him there.
Get him there.
We'll have one more time.
Well send him to me in December.
Don't send him to me in November.
Why not?
Because I need it in December.
You need it for what?
Another trip to Vegas?
No, Christmas, man.
Oh!
Christmas, go ahead, your holidays, huh?
What about Chanukah?
You don't celebrate Chanukah?
Send me a check for Chanukah too, man.
David Schuster substituting for Keith Olderman's host of Countdown.
Reported last Thursday that Rudy Giuliani's description of himself as the only candidate who forced all the danger posed by Alcatabee 4-9-11 has now been refuted by a leaked document.
Come to find out he didn't know Norton.
Typical of Giuliani's claims on the campaign trail is a speech he gave last summer in which he said of the pre-9-11 period,
been loud and declared war on us, we didn't hear it.
I thought it was pretty clear at the time, but a lot of people didn't see it, couldn't see it.
Wayne Barrett reported for New York's village voice and author of Grand Illusion, the untold story of Rudy Giuliani 9-11, has now obtained un-leaked memos describing Giuliani's testimony before the 9-11 Commission which directly contradict that claim.
Barrett told Schuster that, taken as a whole, Giuliani's testimony was a confession of ignorance. He basically said, I knew nothing about Alcatabee.
For example, Giuliani acknowledged that even though we had received information on threats between 1998 and 2001, at the time I had no idea it was Alcatabee.
He further told the Commission that after 9-11, we brought in people to brief us in Alcatabee, we had nothing like this pre-9-11 which was a mistake.
Giuliani's testimony, like that of other witnesses describing New York City's response on 9-11, was supposed to remain secret until after the 2008 presidential election.
Barrett also emphasized Giuliani's continuing ignorance of technological systems involved in the fight against terrorism is late as April of 2004, when he testified before the Commission, Giuliani admitted he didn't know much about New York police department system called ComStat, which he's now saying he'd like to see extended nationwide.
He was also unable to answer questions about the malfunctioning radios which caused many deaths among firefighters or about a repeater installed in the World Trade Center after the 1993 bombing to amplify radio communications.
He still wasn't studying the response issues Barrett said. He didn't know nothing.
Oh Rudy.
And what is this thing with Rich Sanchez on CNN? Why is he unlike 24 hour or 7 now? What is that?
Is that the people in Pirates CNN? Is that what they're trying to like finish this off?
Ricky Tiki Sanchez?
What? What is that? What is that?
A lot of pukeers baby, that's what it's all about. When it outpuked out.
But he's a great singer.
Oh, radio? What?
He's a great singer, so.
I'm not playing that today.
Nice try.
Where's the thing I'm looking for?
I don't know much.
I'll find it. Just relax. Okay, it's Monday. I don't want any pressure on a Monday.
It's pressing with George away this week. Now do you think George went away for the week?
No.
Why do you say like that? He can't afford to do something.
He hasn't gone anywhere and like, he can't afford five years or something more.
That's what I was looking for. I found it.
I know for all the pukeers on the air. Barrett, but like Kenny Walker. He's a real pukeer.
853 votes on our world famous poll on neo-roger.com.
Don't be fooled by some of those other imitators like the Kiss website, which Cicris also or Josh does.
You do that one?
Yes I do. It looks great.
Now what is it? Is it the KIS?
The KIS.com.
Well, let me check it out during the break. Go ahead and do that.
37 pass.
M and V.
Troll the knee. The globe.
Okay.
The warped twist in turns in the doggy dispute involving Ellen DeGeneres.
The celebrity, the drama, the tears, things are going so terribly wrong right now.
The KIS.
They took the geek out.
They hit the screw.
Oh, oh, oh.
They sent us wrong.
Was this rescue group on a power trip?
On a power trip?
Or is Ellen the one?
We should get a grip.
They're in.
You know I'm trying hard to care, but it makes me scream.
All I see is Ellen crying when I look at TV.
Ellen's dog, we make this story gone.
This is no dumb. I don't even deserve this song.
Ellen gets you to see just what the story needs.
A trip to be a calm truth.
Make a meal of Ellen's dog.
You're eating dumb.
1232, QN.
I'm looking at this KIS.com website of yours.
I don't see anything on it.
I've already 50-50 years on there.
Yeah, really?
You know where yours is on QAM?
Just look on the KIS.
Do you see Dora's dining deals?
No.
Yeah, you do.
Oh, I see.
But you can't read it.
That's why you're not doing well.
Blue Moon Fish Company.
We sold them out in about 10 seconds.
And it sold out.
Well, thank God for that.
Let's take a look at some of these currently flavors of Italy.
And Lucille's band of the bone barbecue.
I think that's coming up.
I don't know.
What do I know about KIS?
I just looked at this.
As Bubba would say, just kiss it.
Oh, they're all sold out.
I know what you're talking about.
No, see where it's this current offers?
Yeah.
Flavors of Italy.
How many they got left?
Oh, 28 left.
What was that from like six weeks ago?
I believe three.
Three weeks ago?
I think so.
And he still got 28 left.
That's not good, man.
And 40 left from Lucille's band of the bone barbecue.
Oh, my God.
I don't think the audience is kissing it, no more.
What do you think?
I probably shouldn't have brought that up.
Should I, like, going to be a sore point?
Good.
Screw them.
Bunch of Yehoo.
Do we know any of the people that work over there are KIS?
I don't think you do.
Sonny Fox used to be over there.
Where the hell is he?
Oh, yeah, you do.
Actually, you got to, who's that?
You got a little drop of somebody.
Your boy Johnny Dark works over there.
Still?
He's there.
Wow.
Boy, he must be working cheap.
I can't believe that.
Johnny Dark.
Wow.
Johnny Dark's there.
Yeah.
I couldn't stop thinking that in my head the first day I met him.
What?
Johnny Dark's there.
Johnny Dark's there.
Yeah.
I just kept saying that over and over again, smiling.
What?
He's standing because you felt that way, by the way.
I don't know.
I still, he's been a nice guy to me.
No, he's all right.
Johnny Dark.
He's harmless.
He's annoying, but he's harmless.
You know, I think I might know why.
One reason why they have some problem selling them.
Yeah.
Only by one certificate.
It's only by one and the thing on there.
Now, I was looking forward and I still couldn't find it.
You might want to do a little ditto in a row of that.
Let's talk about something else.
Can we?
You can't read it.
It says, Dar's dining deals and you can't read it.
I know it's supposed to be like on a diner that I guess.
Am I right?
That's right.
But you can't read it.
The word dining is covered up by her shoulder and whatever.
Look, I don't care what you do.
I mean, the kiss, they can take that thing and float it in the biscane bay for all I care.
But I'm just telling you, a little pointer, okay, that that could be more legible
than you'd know where to click it.
And then maybe it's maybe not.
Hey, so we got some good news for you.
Good.
What's that?
No nine on Wednesday.
Oh!
Hallelujah!
No need, Robert Creeper.
I don't want him on the show.
I don't want.
Why should I want somebody on the show who hates me, hates the show, hates George, probably
hates Chris too, but I won't admit it.
And just, you know, it's such a negative right wing piece of crap.
I don't want to be.
Well, he does hate everybody.
I mean, it's like, you know, he just hates everybody.
So.
Well, guess what?
The feeling I'm sure is mutual, okay?
And the only reason he's there is because he and Clarence are still getting together on the weekends.
Or maybe more often.
I guess not that the Beast government, I guess maybe Clarence is using him a little more than
he did in the past.
Right.
He's not here today.
Who, Clarence?
Yeah.
He's not there again today.
He was there last Monday either.
Maybe he's trying to get a deal like yours.
Your summer schedule.
868 votes.
I wouldn't even dignify that with a response.
We're going to make a thousand of these just to piss off Clarence, okay?
Oh, you can't do that.
I mean, what's that kind of do with the dolphin game?
Nothing.
Unless we talk about the dolphin game, the better we're all on it is for the human race.
They are pathetic.
And like I said, every week it's the same thing that you're behind, you know.
Not as far behind as they should have been because you're manning blows.
And then in the last minute or two of the game they score some meaningless points and it gives
it like an adjets game.
And look how bad it turns out the Jets are.
Look how pathetic J-E-T-S-S-U-C-K big time.
Man, they are tragic.
Alright, enough of the sports kneels, David.
Watch this, there's a lot of stuff going on.
We had the World Series last night.
I watched quite a bit of that, as a matter of fact.
And I stayed up till the end.
I know you're a baseball fan.
No, I'm not.
Now why'd you watch it?
Boring.
Because it was the World Series, it was the final game and I knew it would be.
I was hoping it would be because I hate the Rockies.
And is there anybody on either one of those teams that's not from Japan?
Jesus, God.
It's one thing with the Japanese.
They go, first of all, they bomb this in Pearl Harbor and then we dropped a couple of
nukes on them to straighten their ass out.
And now they're making all those cheap cars and TVs and stereo equipment and now baseball
players.
And they bought up like two thirds of Hawaii and they got one in between the Saudis and the
Jets.
Nobody owns anything in America anymore so maybe Donald Trump and Merv Griffin and he's dead.
869 votes or our target is to get over 900 by the top of the hour and then make a nice
run toward 1000.
A real nice run.
That kid that filled in yesterday for downtown Ronnie Brown.
He played pretty good.
Yeah, he played.
You think you had a couple of good runs?
Yeah, I think he is good.
He's been playing good.
I thought he showed some real effort, some real energy out there which of course for this
organization is very unusual.
I'll tell you what, if everybody in the Dolphins played like him they'd win about two games.
Well, there you go.
And you wanted the tickets?
Wow.
You just want to scalp them.
What good luck.
You're lucky on that.
See ready to see John Beck play.
Hey, you know something, he should already be, I don't think that Le Mans is all that bad.
He's not all that bad, yeah, but he's just not.
He's nothing wonderful.
So yeah, he's got nobody to throw the ball to him.
I wonder how they want West Walker anyway.
Okay, what's more time?
I like what I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear your sad excuse about how the team is so bad anyway, so why would they need him?
Get rid of all your good players, then you won't need to have any players' period.
What kind of a philosophy is that?
That is the dumbest thing, but then again coming from you, you know.
Okay.
When the fat gets up to your neck so that the shirt, like when I saw Hank this weekend, they're on ESPN with the horse raises.
And there was one point, his head was beat red, like, you know, like the neck at the neck, the circulation.
That's what's going to happen to me if I keep eating those damn cookies.
And by the way, they stink.
But get the chewies, man.
I'm not getting any more cookies, okay.
First of all, they're loaded with train bags.
Listen, listen, don't get any cookies, okay.
But if you do, get the chips of hoi, chewies, not the chips of hoi.
Yeah, chew on this.
Should the U.S. seeking to recalibrate the balance between security and liberty and the war on terror
emulate Israel and streaming of Palestine and detainees rights, Lisa Hajjar and the Atlantic Journal Constitution?
That's the position that get-mode-detainee lawyers, Avi Stabler and John Chandler of the land and some others have advocated.
That people in the U.S. custody should be held in Communicado for years without charges, and could be prosecutor and definitely detain them.
The basis of confessions, exasperate with torture, is worse than the national disgrace and the assault on the foundations of the rule of law.
But Israel's model for dealing with terrorism while quite different from that of the U.S. is at least as shameful.
Long before the first suicide bombing by Palestinians in 94, Israel had resorted to extradition and judicial killings, home demolitions, deportations, curfews, and other forms of collective punishment barbed by international law.
In prison, it has been one of the key strategies of Israeli control of the Palestinian population, and since 1967, more than half a million Palestinians were prosecuted through military courts that fell far short of an international standards of due process.
This is a little on the long side. I'm going to finish it after the break.
I don't want to cut it short, and I don't want to start doing that. I don't want to do motor mouth or start puking.
Too much puking, baby. Too much zilla puking. That's what's going on with all these ex-shots. And Kenny Walker wasn't even a next shot. But is the PA guy busy still doing it at the stadium?
I believe so. I think he even ought to let the PA guy. That's where the puking came in. Everybody wants to be freaking rich-sanshaed.
What's the biggest name? The best talent you've ever seen in a budget?
4.560 km.
Thanks. For its leader.
Show your mind.
Hello, Mr. Eiger?
Yes. Please hold for Mickey Mouse, chairman of the board.
Oh, okay.
What in the f*** is going on over there?
Excuse me? Sir?
Are you going to advocate college, Eiger?
Yes, I did.
Is that a real school or is that a special school?
No, sir. It's a real school.
How in the hell did that goofy caveman show wind up online next week?
Well, sir, you did approve the ABC Fall lineup.
Why are you talking about?
Sir, remember that meeting we had in May in New York with all the TV executives?
I was half-cracked that morning you won.
Oh.
I just got back from a f***ing dollar bender with one of the strippers from our flip club.
Oh.
Who's responsible for this show?
Well, sir, would you like me to fire someone?
No. That's too good for whoever put this piece of crap on.
I want you to kill him, sir.
Man, I am parked locked.
Sir, sir, isn't that a bit extreme?
Hey, Eiger. It's not called show hobby, isn't it?
It's called show business.
Yes, I know that, sir.
Do you remember when one of our brainy acts decided to make a movie out of a country bear?
Absolutely.
But just say he no longer has an office on the Disney Lost.
Oh, so he's moved on to another company?
He's no longer with the company.
That's right. That's a good way to put it, I suppose.
Oh, good, good, good.
It goes a little further than that.
I'm sorry, sir?
Yeah. We killed him.
What?
He said dead shag.
Because of the country bear?
He caused the country bear.
And I'll tell you what, I want whatever Yehu created cavemen.
Very right on top of him.
Buried on top of him, sir?
Do you have a problem hearing along with all of your other inadequacies?
Why do you keep repeating what I say?
I just didn't understand you saying bury him on top of the country bear's guy.
One part of bury him on top of the country bear's guy is confusing to you.
Do you know where the country bear's guy is?
Of course I know where he's buried you Yehu.
What do you think we should do?
He's under your office.
Oh, geez.
Under your desk.
Oh, boy.
See the loose floorboards?
Well, sir, I'm about to go into a meeting.
Body under there.
Yeah, this country bear body under there.
Okay.
Put the caveman guy on top of him.
Sir, can I just make a few phone calls?
It's Him or Yehu.
What's her?
Him or Yehu.
What do you mean?
Him or Yehu?
I like just murder you, Bobbiter.
Sir, I know how you hate me repeating what you say.
But did you say murder mean?
Why, you taping us?
No, no.
I don't believe I said anything like that.
You're trying to catch me in some sort of scam operation.
No, sir.
Why would you say so?
I didn't like that.
So if you happen to disappear,
and that's nothing that doesn't need it, then...
No, sir.
Try to hate me, Linda Twitt-Mobbiter.
1248, Mickey.
Yes, slip it to him.
We got the 886 and the pool.
And we got to get to 900 by the top of the arm, thinking, Chris.
Don't you think?
Yeah, thanks.
What do we need for a thousand now?
What is Eric's ex-scrivelation amp?
One point six.
One point six.
I'm going to be between now and two o'clock.
We can do it.
No mad dog.
Today, mad dog's run away back from the pond.
Across the pond from the place, where was it a disgrace?
And it was, you know, what's your expect, crappy game?
Oh, Jamie Duffy and Danny Cannell are two o'clock.
Wow, maybe Danny Cannell will tell you about Casey Weldon.
But that would be a little bit gay.
He was born again Christian, Casey Weldon.
And I don't want to get Josh up set, but Brandon's taking another shot at you.
And he may have a good point here.
Says, Josh must really be taking in the big bucks
if he can afford two blackberries in such a short period of time.
What's he asking you for money for?
No, I didn't pay for the first one.
Who paid for it?
This wonderful place I work at.
They paid for your phone?
That's right.
Why is that?
Because I needed one.
And you dropped it in the toilet?
That's right.
Right in the toilet.
And I wanted the phone again because I loved it, so I had to pay for it.
Anyway, getting back to this story about Israel's military court system
is the model to avoid.
Long before the first suicide bombing by the Palestinians in 1994,
Israel had resorted to extradudicial killings, home demolitions, deportations, curfews,
and other forms of collective punishment barred by international law.
In prison, it has been one of the key strategies of Israeli control of the Palestinian population,
and since 1967, more than half a million Palestinians were prosecuted through military courts
that fall far short of international standards of due process.
Most convictions are based on coerced confessions,
and for decades Israeli interrogation tactics have been tilled used of torture and ill treatment.
Tens of thousands more Palestinians were never prosecuted,
but were instead held in administrative detention for months or years.
Israel had the ignominious distinction of being the first state
to publicly and officially legalize torture.
Adopting the recommendation of an Israeli from Eastern Vancouver in 1987,
the government endorsed the euphemistically termed moderate physical pressure,
and tens of thousands of Palestinians suffered the consequences.
In 1999, the Israeli high court prohibited the routine use of moderate physical pressure,
but the ruling left open a window for torture under exceptional circumstances.
These tactics, many of which have been used by American interrogators against foreign prisoners,
include painful shackling, stressed position abuse,
protracted sleep deprivation, temperature and sound manipulation,
and various forms of degrading and humiliating treatment.
In an interview with three Israeli interrogators,
published in the Tel Aviv newspaper Ma'arri, in July 2004,
one said the General Security Service uses every manipulation possible up to shaking and beating.
About 10,000 Palestinians are in prison inside Israel
and more than 800 are administratively detained.
Their families in the West Bank and Gaza strip our barred entry to Israel,
so Palestinian detainees are in that sense as isolated as prisoners in Guantanamo.
Just last week, the Israeli Supreme Court had ordered one of the most notorious detention facilities
to allow prisoners 24-hour access to toilets.
Maybe they'll find Joshua's cell phone.
The Israeli military court system compared to the U.S. military-driven system established for Gitmo
in ways that U.S. lawyers like Stabler and Chandler deplore,
and in addition to the reliance on coercive interrogation to produce confessions and just of our continued detention,
prisoners in Israeli custody can be held in Communicado for protracted periods
and lawyers face onerous obstacles in meeting with their clients.
While it's true that detainees are brought before an Israeli military judge at some point,
this process is hardly impartial.
Such hearings tend to be used to extend detention off into a place in interrogation facilities, not in courts.
Detainees are rarely represented by lawyers or a prize to their rights,
including a right to complain about a user to assert innocence.
Faded with assert innocence, if a Syrian can be used as evidence of guilt,
any information including hearsay and torture to counsel mother prisoners
can be used to convict or administratively detain Palestinians.
If we learn anything then from the Israeli experience, perhaps it should be that
torture and arbitrary or indefinite detention exacerbated conflict and endangered civilians.
Americans should be proud of the noble work that Gitmo lawyers are doing to press
for a restored commitment to the rule of law by the U.S. government.
If these lawyers wish to identify an app model from Israel, it is not the government or the military court system.
Rather, it's the Israeli and Palestinian human rights communities
who've been working for decades to establish respect for human rights and the rule of law.
What are those things human rights and the rule of law?
I forgot about those. Like freedom of speech, remember that?
No.
Long ago.
Well, I remember once upon a time in America, I forgot about...
894 votes were creeping toward that 900 mark on our very marginal poll,
which we have...
Charlie B is a whole bunch of polls here today that we got.
You like any of them?
No, the same of them are okay.
Like the most common if negative trade-eye encounter from South Americans.
If you weren't listening to this show, what would you be doing?
Who would you be doing?
What's the best perk that you can look forward to? I'm turning 65.
Oi!
We don't have any early bird dinners here, I don't believe.
Maybe that's a good reason to come back to South Florida since Chris is...
Huh?
See?
No.
Not going to happen.
Ain't going to happen anytime soon.
Well, maybe a couple of months.
Maybe I'll come down in December and bring that check for Josh.
Now, when in December are you going to...
Oh, before Christmas?
Yeah, that'd be good.
Anytime in December will be fine.
I just don't...
Now, why do you say in December?
What if I said in November, you would spend it before...
Exactly.
That would be like that lady that came up to me a woodbinding couple years ago with Christmas time?
That dark, complex lady and she said to me,
Oh, I love that.
I never saw her before in my life.
I'm sitting there on my machine, minding my own business, losing my ass.
And she says,
Oh, I left the house with $3,000 this morning by all the Christmas gifts for the kids.
And I lost it all here today.
And I thought to myself,
Brilliant!
What do you want me to do about it, honey?
She left the house with $3,000 and the car must have made a sudden detour at woodbind.
Wow!
As long as I live on that's one of those things you never forget, you know?
Well, casinos aren't business for people like her.
She what?
Yeah, that's right.
They see people like that coming a million miles away, like her and me.
Although lately I've been doing all right.
And that's because if I get ahead, I run out.
I don't walk out.
I run out.
And now because I drive there quite often, like early on the weekends,
you can leave whenever you want.
Yeah, I don't have to call like the kids.
They have a line of cabs you can call from inside.
But it's more fun when you've got your own vehicle there.
You've got your own Pontiac solstice with the real bad blind spots.
Also, it has no spare tire.
It has like a patch kit and a, um, er, a thing, a blow up thing in the truck.
And the truck is about the size of your thumb.
A blow up thing?
Yeah, an air thing.
A can of air.
Okay.
To reinflate the tire.
So you can patch it and you can reinflate it.
Just don't have a flat as you are.
901, Chris.
Chris is going to get us a thousand votes today.
Oh, right.
And then Josh will have the greatest respect for him.
Night out to him.
Or maybe not.
902.
And 14 say they're nostalgic for the Nick Sabanero.
Wow.
How about nostalgic for Dave Wands dad?
Who?
Yeah, put that on there.
Now, there was a real guy.
It wasn't bad enough that he stuck the joint out in Chicago.
That wasn't bad enough.
He stuck the joint out on my, at least he was consistent, you know?
And he said he'd say, oh, you Jimmy Johnson back here.
Yeah, he talked a good game.
He had a big mouth, a big stupid mouth.
With your audacity to knock the shoesmice to man, to brainstorm.
You've got to have some co-hones man to be knocking the brains to them.
What biggest name?
The best out of two.
His new Rogers.
4205.
60QAM.
I think.
Fourth.
Leader.
It's great, Quidd.
I'd like to shape my legs, arms and buns.
While listening to the Neil Rogers, one to two hours.
Why?
Miami has a dolphin still the worst football team.
There every gambler's nightmare.
There every cookie's dream.
They can't score any touchdowns.
Not even one field goal.
And when you say Miami, you're so talking toilet bowl.
Because they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
The dolphins can't beat anyone.
Can't even beat the spread.
I wish that Vince Lombardi could come back from the dead.
Nick Saven makes them practice while he wears that stupid hat.
He'll end up like their last head coach.
That loser day one said, and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I missed on Shula, how about you?
Some dolphins are in trouble with lots of legal strife.
They're tight and like snow work out by beating up his wife.
Half the team are criminals, the other half-sun drugs.
And this is what will happen when you draft up bunch of bugs.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They really are a monthly crew.
But dolphins have no blocking.
They've got no passing game.
I've got just one suggestion.
They ought to change their name.
Do the Miami tampons, and why do such a thing?
They're good for just one period, and have no second string.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
32.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Again, the fans begin to boo.
You're the one who knew stuff.
But dolphins have no balls except all ones they're playing with.
I just can't wait to see how Ricky Williams takes a hit.
It doesn't matter if he never has another tone.
It seems that this team's playing off dreams.
That all gone up this hook and there are Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're crew.
303, you know what I said at the end of the game yesterday, those very knowledgeable British football fans,
when a Giants were taking the knee and running the clock out because they're off in the rut at the time,
and into the game, they were booing like fiercely.
Like, oh, what's wrong with you?
They wanted to see a little more hit.
Yeah, right.
Some of the good old Smash Mouth football as MOUF Smash Mouth.
914 votes on the pool.
They're coming in in chunks now, Chris.
I think they're going to come through for 915.
How do you like that?
I've got that thousand licked.
Yeah, we don't want them to judge.
I think we're slipping since he left the show.
A cement mixer truck toppled over in the southbound chula.
Expressway this morning spilling into wet contents in the northbound lanes.
All northbound lanes were closed between Killian Parkway and the Turnpikeer Stens.
The only problem with this story from the Herald is it doesn't have a time on it.
The truck was breaking as the driver approached the toll plaza through the sun pass lane.
One of the front tires had a blowout.
The driver lost control hitting the concrete wall, knocking a 5 foot thousand pound chunk of the wall into the northbound lanes.
A Goldmer City slammed to that loose and chunk.
Oh, geez.
When you be PO'd, if you had a Goldmer City's.
Yes.
The truck continued south mounted the concrete wall, riding it from about 50 feet.
Before coming it to a rest on its side spilling wet cement over three lanes of traffic.
Maybe the truck thought it was like Kathy Willetz.
The road was expected to be closed to the three hours.
The only problem is that I don't know what time it happened.
Because the Herald doesn't want to tell us.
The data expressway activated a new program called Rapid Incident Scene Clients,
which coordinates efforts to reopen lanes after crash.
Two large tow trucks in front end loader, or quickly dispatched.
It's the first time the new program has been activated.
So you pour bastards out there who try to negotiate the shoulder expressway.
Good luck to you and maybe who knows.
See if we were on top of this stuff.
But what is it after you with ball games and sports?
See, we don't have like that.
You know what I mean?
If you did, then we'd be right on top of it.
We'd be breaking news on the QIA.
Everybody be like breaking in and interrupting.
Or like if we had a press conference like, you know, the coach got canned.
You know what I mean?
Scan Cameron?
It's got kind of a ring to it.
Can Scan Cameron.
That's some of it.
9.19.
Well, what are you going to blame him for for crying out loud?
He's got no talent on there.
He's got no more receivers.
He's got like a quarterback that's playing under duress.
I think he looked at in duress three-o-one.
Once again, Hillary Rodham Clinton leads in a pool.
This time she was the top choice.
Wait until you hear this.
When people were asked which made the major 2008 presidential candidate
would make the scariest Halloween costume.
Asked about costume choices.
37% in AP episodes surveyed this month.
Choice swallery.
14% chose New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
No other candidate had more than 6%.
Clinton was the choice of a 4-10 man and 1-3 of the women.
A predictable 2-3 of Republicans picture.
She was also the choice of 18% of Democrats.
Among members of her own party, the murderers second-order to Giuliani is the scariest costume.
About a third of independents nearly half a whites and just over half conservatives picked swallery.
Giuliani was the choice of 17% of men and 12% of women.
I don't know how he couldn't do better than that because he looks like Herman Munster.
Do you know what I mean?
He's a scary-looking guy.
About a fifth of minorities in city residents and 1-quarter Democrats also picked Rudy.
While many conservatives have doubts about Giuliani's candidacy because of his modern reviews on abortion of the social issues,
only 6% of the groups thought he would make the scariest costume.
Same number who chose Barack Obama.
That's swallery. She's scary, baby.
She's a like Luca Brasi, a very scary guy.
That's Hillary.
Do you think she's a little on the polarizing side?
But what do I know?
What do I know?
Hey, she's definitely not a hitter.
Don't say head and Hillary in the same sentence, please.
919 on the pool is kind of like taking the rest of it.
Eris got his foot on the break real early now because he knows we're going to make the thousand, I think.
That's son of a bitch.
Is that what you said?
You're what I said. It's a real bitch.
Something like that.
Still stuck in 919.
Wait till you hear this story, which of course flies in the face of what they tell us in the South Florida.
New casinos, indeed, would generate almost 6,500 new jobs and an additional $26 million for local governments in the first year of operation.
According to a new report commissioned by a pro-slot group pressing for voters to approve slot machines in January.
And of course, we don't have fat ass governor Jeff Bush to come on Spanish language radio and scare everybody in the day county about these skies falling like he did last time.
The group called yes for a greater Miami release in economic study that paints a rosy picture of the impact that biggest slot machines can have on the day county.
The findings of the Coral Gables based watch in economics groups say that during 2009, the first four year casinos are predicted to be open.
The new gambling operations would create 6,500 new full and part time jobs.
1145 from construction over 5,300 from casino operations and hotel and restaurant workers.
Pumped $258 million more workers handed local economy about 40 grand a job.
How much of a crisp would take that? Definitely.
Generate 210 million in new state government revenues and other 26 million local governments including the county of city and the Miami gardens.
The study shows an independent analysis conduct commissioned by our campaign of the thousands of new jobs that will be created.
Expectations for your businesses as result of the new tracks additional revenue that can be expected by the state and county.
Sarah Basque and the spokeswoman for yes for greater Miami said, I know I didn't understand what I said either.
If the county's voters passed the referendum January 29th, three paramutuals, Miami High Life, Flagler Dog, Flag and Entertainment Center and Calder Racecourse,
would be allowed to install up to 2000 class three slot machines, two of them flaggering colder or a spearheading yes for a greater Miami.
The study projects that new casinos would generate almost 300,000 to 77 million a revenue in the first year, increasing to 542 million plus by 2018.
Gambling opponents, however, say the study doesn't take into account the social cost of more gambling.
We can't always look everything from a strictly economic analysis to John Stemberger, president of the Florida Family Policy Council, a conservative Christian advocacy group, oh boy, all these wild, wild, goyem gone nuts.
Economic pressures will always be with us, but social and moral issues define us as a people as a matter of policy we think gambling is a vice and addictive behavior that's very destructive families.
The new casino may be able to shut down the lottery too, huh, and the tracks, two loose-law tracks.
The new casinos will be allowed to operate on the same rules as Broward, which are open 18 hours a day during the week, 24 hours on the weekend.
Initial revenues in Broward have been lower than originally anticipated, state economists now expect 83 million less in taxes this fiscal year than they forecast a few months ago.
Vegas-style slot machines were approved in Broward in 2005. Casinos have since opened and already grow a race track in gaming, Gulf Stream Park and Iowa Pop-A-Doh Park.
Dengue is highlights still in the planning stages could open sometime next year.
Dade voters narrowly reject the same proposal, 52 to 48 percent in 2005.
Understated law, proponents are allowed to bring the issue back to the voters in January.
The new studies conservative in projection of jobs and tax revenue in part because the gambling landscape in Florida's changing
sent co-author Robert Davis Cruz, professor of economics at Berry University.
He mentioned the seminal, trapped currently in negotiations with the state, to expand its casino games to include Vegas-style slots and table games such as Black Jack.
924 votes on a poll.
I think confidence is building tremendously just like confidence with the scam camera and that great dolphin team.
Building a racquet, maybe a wee five week.
She knows this new project. She's working for 65 to 60 to 8 AM.
I think sports leader.
If Roger R. is a new Yankee manager, any interest in all, anybody here knows better.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
I think it's a good idea to have a good time.
Which reminds me that one point of the game yesterday?
which reminds me that one point of the game yesterday?
Speaking of hockey?
Oh, I can't find it now.
I'll find it.
One moment of the game yesterday?
I'll find it. One moment of the game yesterday?
I'll find it. One moment of the game yesterday?
I'll find it. One moment of the game yesterday?
I'll find it. One moment of the game yesterday?
I'll find it. One moment of the game yesterday?
Bureco-Bamas Presidential Campaign struck back at his critics last night saying that he had been vilified
and declaring that God delivered me from a homosexuality.
Oh, boy.
Reverend Donnie McCleurkin who had lined the Final installment of the Obama Campaigns
embraced to change gospel concerts' series
didn't comment on the controversy
until just before the concert finished.
When he told the crowd of about 2500 African Americans
I'm going to say something that's going to give me in trouble.
It accused me of being anti-gay and a bigot McCleurkin said
We don't believe in discrimination, we don't believe in hatred, and if you do, you're in
the wrong place at the wrong time.
That's the whole premise of God.
That's the whole premise of Christ.
Love, love, love.
But there is a side of Christ that deals in judgment, and all sin is against God.
Maclurkin has said that homosexuality is a choice, and that he overcame homosexual desires
through prayer, comments that drew fire from gay and lesbian activists, and caught the
Obama campaign, which has been using faith to reach out to African-American voters off
guard.
The Grammy Award winning singer, a singer, said last night, his words have been twisted.
Don't come to me a bigot of anti-gay when I've been touched by the same feelings, Maclurkin,
when I'm, when I've suffered with the same feelings, don't come to me a homo-ful, but
I love everybody.
Don't tell me that I stand up and say vow words against the gay community, because I don't,
I don't speak against the homosexual.
I tell you that God delivered me from homosexuality.
Feel God.
Maclurkin's words drew raucous applause from Maclurkin who would line up around the block to get
into the township auditorium in Columbia.
Although a small demonstration led by the South Carolina game lesbian pride movement together
across the street from the concert venue, they were dwarfed by the crowd of black gospel
fans and Obama supporters who turned out to see the performance.
Meanwhile, Obama's staff were inside and outside the building working in the crowd and
trying to register new voters.
Nearly all the African-American concert goes interviewed by CNN expressed support for
Maclurkin.
Some reference the first amendment, saying Maclurkin had direct to say what he pleased,
others agreed with Maclurkin and said that homosexuality is a choice, several more
invoked the Bible, and said homosexuality is simply wrong.
A September poll conducted by Winterfew University of Me TV showed that 74% of South Carolina's
African-Americans believe homosexuality is unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
Michael Van Diver, president of the South Carolina game lesbian pride movement, said he was
disappointed by Obama's refusal to take Maclurkin off the bill, but then he hopes it'll be
an opportunity for new dialogue.
This is not a protest of Senator Obama, but rather a vigil in opposition to Reverend
Maclurkin and his statements on homosexuality, Van Diver said before the concert were also
here to show our support for the Reverend Andy Sidden.
Sidden is the white gay pastor and into the concert bill as the last minute compromised
by the Obama campaign.
Sidden's appearance was notably brief and anti-climactic.
He said a short prayer of the auditorium at the very beginning of the program when he
read was only about half full and then he left.
Maruachatot, an already ran out.
Obama, while I'm not present appeared on the video tape, mentioned to the crowd saying
the artist you're going to hear from are some of the best in the world in favourites
of myself and Michelle.
Why?
Maclurkin said during the concert he meant introduced to Obama by Oprah Winfrey.
Aha!
How do you like that?
You see who's fine hand is in that?
Oprah.
What's going on down there?
Did somebody die or what?
No, no, here.
Okay, just wondering.
You know, awful silent.
When I hear Oprah, I get silent.
Yeah, I don't blame you.
Bitch.
Ridiculous talentless bitch.
Or, nearly, I don't begrudge anybody.
I'm all for the talent.
You know, if you can make it to you.
If people are willing to pay you $1.00 and you have no talent at all, no more power through
you.
Because management generally blows.
But in her case, that's where I draw the line.
Just stop me cold.
I've never had another burger.
No, you keep shoving and pringles on your fat push and going on those cracked diets every
few months, Oprah.
While all those stupid ass silly women out there sit there on the edge of their sofas with
their feet up on the coffee table, listening to your crap.
Hang it on her every word.
Yeah, hang it on.
Oh, it's Oprah's book.
Oprah recommended this book.
Yeah.
Who's going to read it to those trailer trash women and watch her crap?
Who's going to read it to them?
Her books.
It's enough to make me want to play that Oprah giveaways, you know what?
Haven't played that in a long time.
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked.
You'll be amazed.
You'll be talking about it for the next.
However long until she shocks you again, Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true.
Today, everyone in the studio audience, all 276 members get a brand new liver.
Everybody gets a liver, everybody gets a liver.
Then tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members get a brand new uvula.
Everybody gets a brain new uvula, everybody gets a brain new uvula.
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey.
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm.
Everybody gets a breast in the home.
I'm gonna get a breast in the home.
Oprah giving away great stuff she didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to.
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets a dead memory.
Everybody gets a liver.
Once 24 or 560 W.
We have 955 votes on the pole.
We've got 36 minutes to get 45 votes.
It's a shoe in, baby.
Don't you think?
Yes.
Far as Oprah's concerns stick your shoe in.
Correct.
Her ass.
Both of them.
955, the dolphins suck best of a season makes me unable to cure less 344.
They couldn't give a crap less.
Pray for 016, 158.
Happy as hell, 148.
That was my vote.
Wish Wayne could buy the Patriots team and slide fins jerseys on for next season, 116.
Wish they'd signed Brady Quinn, 69.
Ooh.
That must be just the coincidence, don't you think?
Oh yeah.
Want to stick my head in the oven, 63.
Actually, I'm interested in hockey in the Panthers, 34.
I don't believe it.
Want to unload my season tickets to anybody who'll take them, 22.
Josh Cortes will take him if they're free.
Sure.
Now, Stalzig for Nick Sabin, 16, and a Stalzig for Dave Wons set, only five.
And how do you like the Scan Camarine era so far?
What biggest name to the best talent?
He's no Roger.
Sport 2560 QAM.
Thanks, sports leader.
Knee on, God.
Breaking sport hold you, is it?
We have to rough this program.
You want to hear it?
For something that only a few sick offense foreholes in management are interested in.
Health and Coach Camcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamcamamard Swazie,
is holding a press conference now in progress.
We'll just have to work harder and give it a hundred percent.
I'll take questions.
I've done a question.
You know yes, Stank.
Why do you always answer the same way?
How?
I can do that for.
I didn't like that question.
How?
Not a refrazen.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm with Kent State's attorney now, Yamora.
Now go ahead and ask your question.
Okay.
Why are all sport hold summits and don't do?
How?
That's quite small.
I didn't like that question either.
How?
What?
That book you're holding?
No.
Let me see that.
Sport hold guide, de fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine.
No.
Not anymore, ain't?
How?
Now scratch.
How?
How?
How?
Stop it now!
Now!
Now!
Don't taste me, mo.
Yeah.
Maybe you're right.
Put it there, John.
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
I got your taste in now.
Now!
Now, see!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
Now!
It's going to be yours.
Won't 31.
Oh, brother.
At 560 WQM.
So what do you think we're going to make that 1000 or what?
Yes.
Confidence is high.
Very.
961.
Cindy Sheon writes The Morning After.
As I sit sitting my morning cup of coffee and reflect
on the anti-war protest sponsored by the October 27 coalition, I have a few thoughts.
Yesterday tens of thousands of activists from around North Carolina, Northern Nevada, and
some from Southern Oregon attended the rally in my new hometown San Francisco.
Despite weather in the eastern part of the country, I hear that rallies all over the
rest of the country were extremely well-attended and the energy was high.
The throng of humanity in San Francisco stretched out between the Civic Center to Dolores Park
in line that was over two miles long and took over an hour for the last marcher to reach
the end point.
However, what does this all mean?
We have marched, we have done sit-ins in Congress, and representatives office all over the
country, we've written letters, emails, and sent faxes, some of us have camped in ditches
in central Texas for weeks at a time.
Code pink is doing a marvelous job of keeping the pressure on DC.
We've had countless numbers of rallies, teachings, and catalyzed vigils, but the occupations
continuing in people are still dying and forced from their homes by the ongoing and unremitting
violence.
In November of 2006, the Peace Movement scored a major coup, but we later discovered that
Democrats had only used their vibrant, angry, and deeply committed movement to regain
both houses of Congress.
Some of us are honestly thought we could relax a little out of the 110th Congress to take
some of the slack from us hard-working activists to win the war and hold Bush go accountable.
After all, that's what we pay them for, isn't it?
I and my organization was roundly criticized by many people from going to Congress in January
to demand that the Democrats do the job we elected them to do.
Give them a chance, shut the F up.
These are harsher reputates we were hurled up.
These and harsher reputates were hurled at us.
I understand because we wanted to relax too, and November we were shocked as everyone
else was, though, when Nancy and Harry Bush enabled his number one and two took him
pizza from off the table.
We knew there would be no rest for the weary with this Congress, and unfortunately I think
we've been vindicated very regrettably for democracy around the world.
Where do we go from here?
George has asked Congress for 45 billion to add to the 200 billion Congress already handed
them more Chinese-length dollars for 2008 to sustain his bloody occupations, and Congress
will unconditionally yield a was request because they're puppets of the supreme puppet.
Coincidentally, this will keep the bloody mess going until the 08 elections were the
democanthorb bloodstained fingers at the repugs not even realizing that we're not buying
the loaded crap anymore.
Both parties are culpable.
Both parties are supporting war crimes.
Both parties must be held accountable.
We need to run peace candidates against the Bush and Abuse.
We need to support the peace candidates.
We already have like Dennis Kassinich who are floundering on the decks of the USS Main
Stream Media.
The peace movement must also be held accountable.
We wrangle for a limited amount of funds in guard our listeners gelously and fiercely.
It's way past time that the peace movement's sheer resources, gifts, and talents deforest
the established elite in DC to do our work.
We are the majority, moral majority in this country where on the right we need to work
together to funnel and focus our energies so many times where our parallel paths go
in the same direction, but rarely walk together toward our common goals.
We can be sure that the corporate terracacy is walking a lot step toward their goal
of US global hitjum money, which is neither peaceful nor benevolent.
Hadgemony.
Why do I always say that?
In March 2008, we'll be mourning the fifth anniversary of a war that was going to take
six months going to Donald Rumsfeld, $50 billion according to Woolfwoods, and zero American
lives according to George Bush.
Obviously, this is unacceptable.
The Kent KC peace institute is calling for a peace summit in San Francisco on a weekend
of Martin Luther King, Jr.'s birthday to bring leaders to the movement together so we
can find ways to support each other where our common goals of peace, sustainability,
accountability, and a plan for relevant and effective actions all around the fifth anniversary.
With US aircraft carrier groups in the Persian Gulf and Turkish forces
poisoned the border of Kurdistan, if ever there was a time to put differences aside and
celebrate similarities as Bush go intended with Congress, as brought our world of the
Brink of World War III, it is now.
That's Cindy Sheen's take, and I did a very poor reading, and I apologize profusely, don't I?
No.
I do the best I can under difficult circumstances, you know what I'm saying?
Putty's out.
I don't know.
The Bush administration and New York cut a deal Saturday to create a new generation of
super-secure drivers license for US citizens, but also a legal immigrant to get a version.
New York is the fourth state to reach an agreement on federally approved secure licenses
after Arizona, Vermont, and Washington.
The issue is pressing for border states where new and tighter rules are soon to go into effect
for crossings.
The Arizona deal announced in August it doesn't kind of plan issuing license to illegal immigrants.
They proposed Arizona version would not be available to anyone illegally in the country
since one of the intended uses of a 3-in-1 identity card would be to prove US citizenship.
It could be used as a license as proof of citizenship, and as a passport like document
valid for travel in Canada, the US and Mexico, it will be voluntary and available for a small fee.
The New York deal comes about a month after Governor Elliott spits a renounce that plan
where illegal immigrants with a valid foreign passport could obtain a license.
Saturday's agreement with Homeland Security will create a three-tier license system in New York.
It's the largest state to sign on so far the government's post-9-11 effort to make
identification cards more secure. Spitzer, who has faced much criticism in the issue,
said that the deal means New York will usher in the most secure licensing system in the nation.
And if you're illegal, we like even better.
971 votes on the pool. Confidence is extraordinarily high. We're going to make our
thousand and of course then life will go on. We got the OJ McDuffin and Danny Cannell from 2-4
for the Mad Dog who's coming back from London. How do you like to have been? I guess they all
probably got plastered right on the plane coming back. Oh I'm absolutely not. Got plastered out there
and London. I thought that would be unusual. Have to be some long faces on that plane.
I think scan cameras got a long face. Haven't really pitted that much attention.
Kevin Seating on the sideline looking like confused and veys and like oh and red-faced.
Now his red-faced is the Humper but then again cans probably got better circulation.
22 till 2-5, 60 WDQN.
Hey!
Stential pal manure covers over this performance by the dolphins.
So get to Sophie bro.
Bad news bring me down.
I'd rather know nothing.
Keep my head in the ground. I'll leave it to corporate.
Or my dogs to be found.
I live for the moment.
All that matters is now.
My brain I don't use.
I just use information right now.
If I feel like some use.
Tame and laugh.
That CBSKT corrects my down.
Don't get to Sophie bro.
I'm too self-absorbed for.
I like my mind people.
It works like the boy.
No interest in acting.
I'm tired of my saddle.
I'm searching on one thing.
We'll never wake up in town.
No don't hate me bro.
I'm just gonna go.
Marry my head to no more.
143 at 560 WDQN.
Ahmed Chalabi is back.
Boy one of our worst nightmares.
You know how it is with something like on our websites.
Like on a Myspace thing without Al Rogers.
Who's that?
He's a stalker.
He's a radio stalker.
He stalks websites.
He stalks talker.
Like Randy he was stalking her.
Literally he stalking you on Myspace.
Yeah.
Oh boy.
Under a variety of different identities.
You know he keeps changing and profile.
And it always comes back to the same thing.
It's always Dennis Kusin.
It's this.
And Dennis Kusin.
Which I like Dennis Kusin is just fine except for the fact he's too
fat tall.
He's got a bad hair piece.
But he says all the right things.
I like him just fine.
I don't like Al Rogers.
I don't like people that I have to keep blocking under there.
On the Myspace thing.
A hundred different times.
And they keep coming back under 200 different identities.
You know.
Yes, never going to stop.
Oh hell never stop because he's a
blah blah blah.
That kind of person.
If he gets my drift.
I got you.
Off my chalemy.
The controversial ubiquitous Iraq politician
and one time Bush administration favorite
has re-emerged as a central figure in
the latest US strategy for Iraq.
His latest job, the press of Iraq central government.
He was early security gains from the surge to deliver
better electricity, health education,
and Royal Security Services to bad dead neighborhoods.
That's the next phase of the surge plan
until now the US military, various militias and surgeons
and some US back groups have provided those services
without great success.
That the US and Iraqi officials are again turning
to Chalibi this time we still are
like to bad dead neighborhoods.
Speaks to his resiliency in this nation and government.
And also some say his latest effort to promote himself
as a true national advocate for everyday Iraqis.
Chalibi in a run up to the US-led invasion of Iraq
in March 2003 provided White House and Pentagon
officials and journalists with a stream of bogus
or exaggerated intelligence about Iraq's weapons programs
and ties to terrorism.
He also suggested he'd need Iraq to make peace with Israel
and welcome permanent US military bases
which could apply pressure to Iran and Syria.
But Chalibi's proven a resilient politician since then
and Iraqis yearn for someone who can make the government help them.
In sermons in the holy Shia city of Najaf
and the Sunni newspapers alike,
Iraqis here often reject their central government
saying it has done nothing for them
since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Instead the government's critics say local trial and travel leaders
and residents and rejuvenated neighborhoods
by pushing fighters out and securing the streets.
US officials maintain that it's up to the
central government to provide Iraqis with longer term stability.
Iraqis agree, especially when it comes to services
beyond the capability of neighborhood councils
such as providing electricity, bringing doctors back
in the neighborhoods, establishing and paying a police force
and building a school system.
Traditionally Iraq's central government delivered these services.
The key is going to be getting the concert local citizens
and all of this it isn't feeling that this government is reconnected with them
since General David Patreas, the top military commander there on Saturday,
Chalibi agrees with that.
The two of them were sitting side by each practically
and each other's lap.
General Patreas and Ahmed Chalibi, one of the most anxious
poops of this whole operation.
But nevertheless, you think people are concerned about that?
What does it got to do with the game for Christ's sake, huh?
What does it got to do with scanned camera?
What are you laughing about?
No, all these...
I'm laughing because they're right.
All these dead people, nobody gives a crap about this stuff that they ought to care about
and I'm going to sit here and make them care you but I'm not.
987 votes out of poor boy's code, we need one a minute.
We need one per minute, senior.
No problem.
If we don't get to a thousand, then we can blame Josh.
Of course.
Now what's the story?
We got Zach and Chris tomorrow and Wednesday, right?
That's correct.
And I'll be here in the third minute.
Come back on Thursday and Friday.
Thursday, of course, you don't need to be back because we got the free food.
Damn right.
Of course, Bobby's on...
I'm missing out on a steak.
Which you don't miss out on anyway even when you're not working but...
Right, but I don't get as much as I can.
It would look really tacky to say, oh I can't work on Thursday.
You got to find somebody else and then come in and start hopping up the free food.
Right, and since I'm on the show, I'll eat a lot more, you know.
I just come in and like, hey, can I get a little plate?
You know, but now that I'm I'll be here working.
Yeah, I'm going to show it to you.
Now he can get the George plate.
Yeah, that's right.
Now what's the story with Chris?
Is he losing it because he won't give me an honest answer.
Is he still gigantic?
No, I think he's lost weight.
He's continuing losing any more weight on this show.
Probably not because all that free food keeps coming in.
I'm trying hard to, uh...
Eat as much.
988.
We need 12 more votes in 12 minutes.
Boy, they're bringing it right down to the end.
I thought we had to lick their while ago.
How you doing, Bobby?
What are you? Are you still around the 190 range here?
188.
Okay.
No, my weight isn't that bad.
I mean, for me, 188 weight.
Oh, it's your blood sugar.
That's the problem.
My sugar is like...
Sky high, you can't tell.
You can't tell what I sound like.
I've had a stroke which I haven't had.
I mean, just...
You don't sound like Lou Holtz.
You're all right.
Or Ralph Keiner.
Do you know the Metshead Ralph Keiner on TV?
You were talking about Lou Holtz before the show today.
The Metshead Ralph Keiner on TV,
I think he had like three strokes.
And they had him on here for like two years afterward.
And then like...
He could understand anything he was saying.
It's here.
It's like we don't feel bad for the guy,
but when you can't speak, you know...
You gotta watch Lou Holtz on Saturday.
No, I will not watch you all fall over.
You hate Lou Holtz.
I'm telling you.
You will throw something at you.
It's humorous.
It's humorous.
Is it?
It's that good.
992.
We need 8 more votes in 11 minutes.
The ratio is down.
I mean, we should be able to do this,
but you never know.
And we don't want to fall short.
We sure don't want to...
fall short because then O.J. and Danny Cannell
will be ripping our ass for two hours.
That show sure isn't what it used to be.
And you hear what he said on the air?
Oh my God, the stuff that goes on here,
it just...
I just shake my head and I wonder,
can it really be happening?
You know?
And like I said,
the whole radio and TV industry now
is like a disease.
It's like being infected and infested
with all these ex-jucks,
some of whom can actually speak,
and many of whom are like illiterate
or semi-literate,
and inarticulate at best.
The Shannon Sharp thing,
it's just...
I don't even know what to say anymore.
Is there any disagreement?
No.
No.
Do you know anybody who would say,
oh no, he's great,
he really belongs on the air,
he can speak?
No.
996, we're going to do it.
And then they'll fear us like crazy, man.
I don't forget the Hupro will be back
from his breeder's cup extravaganza,
and mometh.
On Saturday,
I saw Hank right there on my wide-screen TV,
and they're always helps to have a wide-screen
when he got the Hupro on here.
That was talking about losing some weight.
I keep trying to get George to do something with him,
he won't do it.
What are you going to do?
Why don't you?
Go in there and steal his forks and knives
or something.
I have no idea.
He'll just get new ones from the beast.
Because every time I see the Hupro on TV,
now maybe it's a TV thing,
they always say TV makes you look fatter.
By the way, that's like 10 pounds, right?
Yeah, and I was a corrector what?
I don't know.
What do you see Hank in the building?
I mean, has he like ballooned up
since I've left?
I mean, I haven't been here in a long time.
Hank has looked the same the entire time I've worked here.
Really?
Well, that's good.
I mean, not a good, but it's a little but.
Huh?
His haircut kind of changes a little bit.
Now what does that mean?
Just because the guy's leaving,
I'm not expecting you to be taking shots in him now, okay?
Oh, this is haircut changes.
What would be mean?
So does mine.
I shaved my head last night.
Aren't you proud?
What do you shave it with like a one?
I think it goes to the boss.
Those numbers are, I don't have a whole bunch of different blades.
I have like a, you know, a razor that I bought online.
You're shaving his whole his bald right?
No hair.
Well, we're real super short like, I mean,
probably like a one, yeah.
I'll go with a one.
Yeah.
A one.
What is a one?
You know what?
We have a thousand and one votes.
No, we have a thousand and two votes.
How do you like that?
Oh!
Is your hot shot?
Yeah.
I'm way ahead of you.
Thousand two.
Thank you Charlie B.
By the way, for a really,
well Charlie's just out of control.
This was his poll, but he does have some reasonable ones in here.
And then he's got some ones that are like, you know,
what kind of problem do you most read
hearing other people waste your time whining about?
I mean, that's not a bad poll.
It's just not, uh, good.
Not, huh?
Huh?
It's not worded well.
No, it's not a bad poll.
It's just worded poorly.
I like this one though.
I think you ought to give Charlie a little credit.
Not too much.
How much of the Elijah Show do you listen to?
None of it, but I still check out the website.
Just long enough to hear if the old coup is still alive.
I have our more or less,
the 10 to 11 hour only,
the 11 to 12 hour only,
the 12 to 1 hour only,
the 1 to 2 hour only,
two hours, three hours,
all of it, I'm an addict and I can't quit.
All of it, and I, we listened to all the part of it on the archives.
Oh my god.
Boy, they've opened that last one.
I have to go live.
Exactly.
Yeah, they scare me, yeah.
They really do.
We need them badly though.
We need the desperators because a week from today,
I'm going to be 65.
And so now?
Are you forn?
And still alive.
Well, maybe.
Not if I keep eating an ice cream and cramp.
Yeah, Josh, you were on the show last time, right?
When he said he was going to not eat ice cream for like a month.
Dude, Chris, don't allow to let me.
There's two things you don't listen to when this man's,
I'm going to teach you something.
I don't know, I know, I know.
Believe me.
And Neil, you'll look at this.
Hey, when he says he's not going to gamble again.
Yeah, you're on the show.
And he's not going to eat ice cream.
Just disregard.
Yeah, one of your out the other.
Don't bet on it.
What the heck is named?
The best talent for his new project.
Sport title is 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The Farleths.
Down in Miami, we're the losers all.
Bill, there's a makes back basket name.
Johnny Joe.
He manages a radio station there.
And when it comes to paying bills, Joe don't care.
That'd be Joe.
Oh, man, man, oh baby love.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
That'd be.
That'd be.
Go for the water show.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
Joe.
Joe's picked a point out that he's lead greed
as a spending freeze.
Cracker trees.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice
but to lose on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
That'd be.
Joe.
Man, I don't really know how to.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
What'd be.
What'd be.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
Joe.
I'm looking forward to seeing.
That'd be.
Joe.
On the corner of the job in Palm Metal Park Road.
Walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign
that says, I'm a good beat bump.
Can you spare me a dime?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
Joe.
Can you find Johnny Decker?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
That'd be.
I love that.
What'd be.
I'm a horrible fool.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be.
Joe.
Joe.
Bye, bye, bye.
