Is your dog misbehaving?
There's one man who can help with your problem pooch.
Michael Vick, the dog whisperer.
Dog whisperer, please help.
Rover will stop barking.
If you are don't shut the hell up, I'm gonna get a job on out here.
I'm gonna be a damn voicebox with his teeth.
You dayd-
Amazing!
There's no canine canundrum that Michael Vick, the dog whisperer, can't cure.
Dog whisperer, love it keeps messing on the carpet!
You make one more pooch staying on that carpet.
I'm gonna get a job on up in here.
I'm gonna make a big ol' stain which will burn in intestines and whatnot.
You can't even meet dogs!
Thank you, dog whisperer!
Michael Vick can diagnose and discipline any dog.
Dog whisperer, my pit-bow keeps attacking other dogs.
Uh, you do?
Really?
Shit.
Jump good boy.
You come and live with me.
We'll make that some money.
Michael Vick is the dog whisperer.
Coming this fall, live on Sundays because he won't be playing football.
Oh, who cares?
It's 10-1-5, 60-70-50.
Let's get him!
Who?
Let's get him!
That's right, sacrilege.
All this stuff you tell me about Earth was it the promo of the rejoin of Chris played me?
It just gave me depressed, was that it?
Yes.
About how Bo-Kampers gonna be on with a Humper and they just keep recycling the same deadwood.
Remember that show deadwood?
Well, that's where we got it.
Deadwood.
They keep recycling it all.
Let's get them off the air.
They suck.
They'll get the Joe back over here.
But let's put Bo-Kamp around with Hank every day and let's put Alex Marvazza.
Who the hell in my mind to talk about these things?
We'll find out.
I got hell in here.
That's right.
What do you know?
When the rating book comes out tomorrow.
This isn't just a trend.
It's the spring book.
I might actually have to tune in a little bit.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Of course you're going to fax me the stuff.
Well, I'll do that either.
But if you tune in, then you'll hear what goes on when you're not here.
Oh, yeah.
George was talking about some idiot color that he had yesterday.
Some little Julio that just didn't understand the world.
Oh, I guess that's what I was talking about.
I was supposed to talk about his life and his perspective on things when he's on.
He's supposed to talk about like that.
That's right.
I'm still there or something.
Sure.
I'm supposed to channel you.
That's what I said.
Really?
Yeah.
Like a medium.
Which channel is it channeled?
206.
Channel 69, I imagine.
Hmm.
Can't say that.
So what have I missed?
I'm going to tell you right now that my international airport is in the U.S.
Hell.
Those of you who, one day if you've been really evil in your life and you're sure when you
croak, you're going to go to hell.
And a lot of people are croaking by the way we'll get to that.
You're white up in my international.
That place.
I'm just a moron.
I'm just an idiot.
I was scheduled to come back.
I was down there by the way for three days, almost four days, I guess.
I'd like to weather.
It was humid and unacceptable as well as what it was.
And then of course when it wasn't humid and unacceptable, it was just pouring and thundering
and lightning like the end of the world, like every day in the summertime and South Florida,
which runs from the beginning of May to the end of November.
But nevertheless.
So I was supposed to come back Sunday night from Fort Lauderdale, which would have been
the same logical thing to do.
But I don't know, I get a little bit antsy.
I thought I'd gain myself six hours extra instead of coming up at 7.30.
I'll come up there around 140 from Miami.
Bad mistake.
Bad mistake.
Not to mention air candidate and the fact that they lied to you a lot.
I used to like them so much, you know.
But I've had a lot of good experiences with them.
But like all airlines, when the one that goes and gets tough, you know what they do?
They get going.
They lie.
They don't get going.
They lie like crazy.
They suck.
So when the flight, the Saturday night got canceled because it was supposed to, Saturday
after, Sunday afternoon, whatever whatever day it was, I don't know.
I feel like I spent a month in Miami International.
It got canceled because it was already two hours late because of electronic problems on
the plane, equipment malfunctioning the junction, leaving Toronto.
And then it was going to be two hours late and then it stormed like crazy like the end of the
world and the incoming flight didn't get there.
Bapapapah.
And we waited and waited and waited.
Ah, wow, wow, the flight's been canceled.
So instead of gaining six hours and getting back earlier to civilization, I had to go,
have me picked up and go back home and spend overnight again in sunny,
sultry, humid, grotesque life in Death South Florida and they made a special flight to
make a make good flight, 9 o'clock yesterday morning.
Anybody believe that flight left anywhere near 9 o'clock?
No.
Now, not if you're smart.
Now the plane was still sitting there at the gate from coming in the night before, you know.
And you would have thought since it showed up at four o'clock Sunday afternoon, be at 9 o'clock
yesterday morning.
That would have been, let's see, 12 and 5, 17 hours.
That if there were any problems with the plane, they would have detected them or looked at it.
You know, seen if it was still standing stuff.
But I guess they didn't bother doing that.
And so for the first story was, wow, we have to reset the computers on the aircraft and that's going to take a while.
So here's the delay till about 10.30.
This is the make good flight that's supposed to leave at 9.
And keep in mind, the plane was there and never left anywhere and the crew was on early to clock, you know, just fine.
So the first delay was, well, the computer and the malfunction at the junction, but a beep, but a boop, but a boop.
Then around 10.30, well, one of the tires may be bad and they're going to look inspected.
And if they just have to inspected, it'll be a half hour.
And if they have to change it, it's going to be another hour and a half delay.
And they had this one poor schlepper out there and we're all, you know, everybody, all the passengers were all getting really agitated.
We're standing in the window watching.
There's one poor bastard and he's crawling around on the ground trying to take off the old tire and they got to deflate it and they got to jack up the inside of the plane a few inches, you know.
And that took forever.
So to make a long story short, the second assessment about changing the tire, that was the right one.
And it did take way more than an hour and a half and we left there at like 12.30.
So instead of leaving at 9 am, we left at 12.30 in the pm and I got here like at 3.20, something else to afternoon.
My international, the security screening that goes on there, especially if you're leaving the country, if you're going to Canada or Mexico or like to a Europe God forbid, anyplace civilized.
Forget about it. What they put you through there is I think even at Abu Gharram, there couldn't be any worse torture than what they put you through my international.
So you can't tell you what?
So you don't like my international working for Florida now?
Not anymore.
Yeah, because I mean, we talked about this last time and you said, you know, my international was so much better than Florida.
It used to be.
It used to be until they decided all of a sudden that they're going to put you through the most disgusting.
They got all these TSA guys and they got these, if you're flying, it used to be if you're flying a business class or first class, you get like a little extra perk.
You know, you get in a private line and they move you through a security a little bit faster.
Now they punish you, they penalize you for it.
They shovel you off to the side and then you're standing in a separate line and they've got all these things blocked off, you know, they got a cordoned off.
And this TSA wise guy, whichever one do sure happens to be standing there, he like keeps looking over and this season is like 40 of you people lined up there.
But yeah, you'll wait, you'll wait.
And they got, because they got people coming in from like three or four different lines.
Oh, what's your choice?
Of course.
And when you finally go through the proof machine, have you ever stood in the proof machine at the airport?
No, I've been a proof machine.
Chris has, yeah.
And it poops like a little air, air pops out.
Yeah.
And it's supposed to be a tech like if you've farted real bad or something like that, they'll keep you off the plane.
Maybe that would be worth.
Maybe it would be worth.
Once you get through that and the green light comes on and you can go forward all while long.
Step over here to the side because you're going to Canada.
Wow.
So now you got to go through secondary screening and they put you like in a little room and you're locked in there.
You're locked in a little room and you can see they take your boarding pass and they just slap it down somewhere and it's laying around you.
All the stuff is going through the conveyor belt.
And there goes your stuff, there goes your bag and your shoes and your stuff.
And you're helpless because you're locked in this little room.
Well, somehow they magically match, I don't know how they do it.
But these rocket scientists to work there, they magically match your boarding pass with your goodies.
You know, with your little bag and your shoes.
And when they come through there, they grab your boarding pass and stuff and then they open the door and let you out.
And they escort you in a secondary little room where you sit down.
And they have, you know, they have the, is there a bomb in your bag thing? You know, that, what do they call it?
A bomb.
They shmur that little piece of cloth, you know, and then they put it in the machine and it's in the door.
Oh, yeah. You know what I mean?
They're touching your molecules.
Yeah. And they're testing your shoes and they're sniffing them, which in my case, not a good idea because I don't wear socks.
But anyway, yeah, after the one bitch after she almost swooned from smell and my shoes, I think she said,
Oh, okay, have a nice day.
Get out of here. And I did.
That place is, is, is, it's unacceptable.
I mean, for a lottery, I'll terminal four if you're going like to anywhere abroad is hopeless because it's too small.
Oh, you'll be pleased to know that they gave everybody a free meal, though.
I gave a voucher for a free meal yesterday morning.
Like at Burger King or Pizza Hut. I didn't take it, though. I was too pissed off.
Yeah, I'll be for my own one.
How did you get there? Did you have a limb or something drive you?
I had a friend take me.
Okay. Yes, I see.
It's, uh, my international is even worse when you have to deal with the construction to get into the airport.
Right. That's right.
Oh, and that's one of the reasons it took so long to change the tire under plane is because they trucked the head the one tool that they need to like take the old tire off.
Uh, they tried to come across Les Jewellins Road. They've got an all blocked off and closed off.
So I had to go all the way around the perimeter of the airport and took them about, you know, six years to get there.
My international airport blows.
It used to be pretty good. It used to be okay. I liked it. I enjoyed it. It was very comfortable.
I knew my way around and there and yada yada yada.
Now they make you go through practically a strip surf. Say they make you go through hell just to get to your gate.
And then of course when you get to the gate, forget about it because you won't leave it on time anyway.
I used to really enjoy traveling. I was like, you know, a big time, as you know, a big time traveler.
Right. I like getting to where I'm going. Oh, just fine. You know, but I don't like the actual travel part.
I don't like the boarding process and the, uh, the whole deal. It blows. It sucks.
And I thought to people and then they put these people up overnight.
Thank God I have friends who come and pick me up and bring me home. You know, that was good.
But, um, they put these people up overnight in a motel and then of course yesterday morning sitting there listening to the stories and the bitching in the belly aching and deservedly so.
And about well, uh, they gave me $12 voucher for dinner.
There's this old couple, fat old guy made me look like Rumpel Stiltskin, huge fat old guy and his wife, old bag.
But nice people. And he's telling me how they gave me $12 voucher and like, uh, even the soup in a salad was more than $12 bucks.
And it said her and so on. But nevertheless, that's the, you know, why they do it because they can.
Because there's only a handful of airlines and if you're going to go from point A to point B, you don't really have many choices.
And that's just the way it is. You're not fixing me something now, are you? Yeah.
Oh, my sure hope it's about my life and not about yours.
Well, you'll have to be stuck on your territory. Also, I noticed one thing that hasn't changed since I was gone for the four day weekend.
And that is that the sales department still doesn't copy ain't us.
No copy ain't us. We don't do it. We don't know from it. We don't want to be bothered by it. Stop by belly aching you old fag.
And it ain't us. We got none to do with that. And they're doing a hell of a job of it.
It says third world. That's how you can describe my international. That's this fact. I had to pick my wife up there Saturday night when she was rerouted from for a lot of data.
The MIA. Oh, what a fate worse than death. All roads leading to the airport are closed under construction. That is correct.
No flight or rival or departure info anywhere baggage claim. Carousel was built in 1911. Never updated awful. It says here.
Awful. That's spelled correctly, but nevertheless it's appropriate. Awful. Freaking bad. Rotest. Unacceptable. Unbelievable. That's my international.
I will not be flying out of there again anytime soon. Not that they need me, but I'm just telling you. They suck.
From minutes after 10 to 5.60 WM happy Tuesday at sale. Training on Ode Julio. It's the last day of July. Tomorrow's the El Premero de Galgosto.
It's the day of the book and the day of the Ajacol and whatever.
The Yunga. He took some rides. Numerous times.
Wackum.
And when the press asked him. Said he committed no crime. And his teammates. They hate his guts.
He may be not. Or he will not move. But he's a little. And he's going to hit more. And more. And more. And more.
He's our right champion. Very wise.
You're right.
And your body lights him. What's he on?
He's our right champion. He's our right champion.
We knew what we'd be cheering. We're the champions.
I hate him.
I hate him.
Must be a racial thing. You know, I still think Hank Aaron was pretty black.
Maybe my memory is slipping. Maybe it's just a bad memory. Maybe your color blind.
That could be it. Maybe I was back in the day when Hank Aaron was playing 100 years ago.
600 votes on a day's pool already by the way. If you'd be talking more about my life.
I know.
So your perspective on stuff like you're taking over. I wish I had heard that call.
Not. No. I think you did a good job.
Possibly the best ever. Yeah. Really the best ever. Well, you know, there are so many to choose from.
Well, I guarantee I won't talk with any calls today. You want to know why?
I don't know because you ain't taking any. That's a good guess.
Well, let's see. Well, before we get to the pool stuff, I got so much stuff on all these dead people.
Tom Snyder croaked.
Yeah, he had that same fake life as Jolly Raleigh Joe.
You know, and also I say one thing about Tom Snyder.
He was the first TV dude before long before Jean Charlotte and long long before Andy Looney.
With the big thick bushy eyebrows.
And I guess he figured you wouldn't see it anyway because he was always.
He was always sitting there in a puff of smoke because he was smoking on here back in the day.
Not only did we have cigarette ads on TV and on radio.
But the end of news, the mail in magazines, newspapers, all over the place.
But on TV, a lot of guys Gary Moore used to smoke on here. He's dead now.
And Tom Snyder. But now Tom Snyder is dead.
Probably just a coincidence when you think I imagine authorities early this morning rated a Liberty City market
suspected of fraudulently processing $4.2 million worth of food stamps.
In all, 14 people arrested across South Florida, including two employees of Diamond's grocery store at $6600 North of 2022.
I guess Georgian is going to be shoving their normal.
No more, no.
Mohamed Issa, don't tell me that's, let me guess, it's what you call it.
I forgot already.
What are you writing?
How are you?
How are you? Yeah, I forgot.
Well, I was down there for three or four days. A lot of stress.
A lot of stress being there and even much more stress trying to get that out of there.
Don't go to South Florida, folks, if you're listening online somewhere outside of there, because once you get there, it's hard to get out.
Mohamed Issa, not Mohamed Atab, but Mohamed Issa, is a what? Oh, a crook, evidently, alleged.
Mohamed Issa, the store manager, will face charges of money laundering, organized scheme to defraud and grand theft.
The FDA released his the market allowed customers to redeem state-of-the-shoot food stamp debit cards,
but instead of food and diapers, the market owner gave the customers cash taking cut for themselves.
A little piece for this one, a little piece for that one, etc.
Oh, for me! These are people who are stealing from taxpayers, it says, and from needy people who are suffering, said,
Amos Rojas, Jr., the FDA Regional Director.
Agent Salsor, arrested, oh wait a year, this name.
Jehad, that's J-E-A-D, Jehad Hassan, 38 of Kassimi, who are Mohamed Issa and Jehan Hassan.
A Kassimi former registered owner of the market, his brother, Nasser Hassan, was also arrested.
Eleven others, customers who should have bought food but instead got cash were also cuffed this morning.
State agents, stated by FBI and State Police, at 6.01 a.m. barge in the 24-hour store, formerly known as Jeana Supermarket,
agents, said they're looking at food stamp claims between July of last year and March of this year, or last year, what?
July 2004 and March 2006, the investigation known as Operation Cash and Carry began in July.
It's called last year here, and they've been poaching around with ever since.
And this morning they had the big bust, aren't they excited about a big bust? I knew you would be.
Oh yeah? What is that picture you have on our MySpace thing now? Where did that come from?
What you want? What you want?
An old picture with a red hair or whatever that is, you looked almost human back then.
That must be in the middle of the year.
Soft more year in high school.
Wow. I think you looked for you. You looked pretty damn good.
I never looked better. Actually, that's not good.
You're so good now.
Right up to 17 and then it's already going downhill.
No.
Anyway, here's your poll from yesterday and I guess you didn't take a poll that I would have taken.
That's for damn sure, which you keep operating that show on.
I know, yeah. Like you took it over.
885.
And by the way, if you want to take it over now, no, no, no, no.
You sure?
What's the most painful thing you ever experienced? 885 votes.
Now this is a pretty good poll. There's nothing wrong with that.
I had that bad poll on a hamster damn and broke that bone in my hand.
Marriage 145. That of course on Georgia's poll because he's got a very unhappy marriage.
I could not vote for that.
Didn't you? Nope.
A bad back 109.
Broken limb 88.
Two-thake 85.
A two-dake, heartache 81.
That's what I voted for.
Did you? Well, it's your life. It's a heart.
There is.
A kick in the nut 66.
Kidney stones 54.
One thing about a kick in the nut is it takes so long to like, you know, the pain lingers for a long, long time.
Oh, you know, last a long time.
Not as long as heartache.
No, heartache is for a lifetime.
Kidney stones 54, migraine 31, a bad burn 25, bad fall like me 24.
Irrig 22, getting it caught in the zipper 20.
I wonder what it is.
I wonder what bubble would say it is.
It depends on what it is and it was and whatever it was was.
It's going to hurt.
Childbirth 19.
Severe last rate.
I mean, I don't want to go back into it getting caught in the zipper because I guess, you know, you have to.
Severe last rate 19.
Speaking of that.
Head injury 15.
Well, I guess if you got it caught in the zipper, you could have that kind of injury too depending on which head you're talking about.
Shorted dislocation 14.
Bad beating 14.
Oh, no.
A severed limb 10.
A stuck toe 9.
I do that all the time.
I don't know about you, but I'm a real club all the time.
And I like hit this all my foot, the bottom of the side of the end of the table.
You can tear up or yeah.
Oh, how would you do that?
If there is something I can walk into, I'll do it.
There was three things I could have walked into the airport all over that weekend and boy, boy, I can't, where the hell did they come from?
From Canada, they were good Canadian boys.
Man, there was three of the finest looking people I've ever seen in my life, which almost made it worth having all that time to sit around and just get an eye full.
A big zit, eight.
Blunt trauma eight.
Gunshot wound eight.
Animal attack for knife wound for STD2 and a snake bite, Solomente Uno.
I think we're snake bitten here at QM.
We'll find out tomorrow when those ratings come out and boy, that's going to be very, very important thing for you.
By the way, I'm delighted that you got that $100 check that I promised you.
I just mentioned that on the other side of your life that I got it done.
The audience doesn't think that I lie about those things.
You got it yesterday?
Ruhu.
Because I'm male.
From when I was down there, like I told you.
I added a zero to it.
Yeah, but you did.
That's what I put all zeros on it, nonetheless.
That was so that we could take good care of my friend and professor who had a nice lunch with me on Saturday at Il Molina.
That's a great place, Il Molina.
And by, let's see, we met there at about 12 something, about noon.
And by one o'clock, that place was jammed full of most fresh runs in South Florida.
And at lunch time, kind of a smattering with that place was full.
And you want to know why?
Because it's really, really good.
I had the pasta faggoyle.
The florist was super.
Pasta faggoyle.
But nevertheless.
And then, then let me tell you after the break about my night, your trip of my trip to the gailery and all.
I have, I mean, I don't know whether it's talking about my trip.
I'm talking about my trip.
I was all thinned out because it's the end of July or something.
But man, I've never been in a mall.
They might have just, I mean, I just as well all closed down and say,
where I'm put their heads in their hand and cried for an hour.
And for both.
They'll say there's no equal.
They'll say there's no equal.
Until the next seat, until the next seat.
Well, I think he's lame.
But the profits are in same potter's back.
Potter's back, potter's back, potter's back.
Potter's back, potter's back, potter's back.
Potter's back, potter's back, potter's back.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
And I think that's the end of July.
We got 639 vote today.
What time did you change the poll?
Like 839 at night.
And the more at night.
And the more at night.
Oh yeah, I see.
See, not only are you talking this stuff about like my life.
Now you're even amitating pretty soon.
You're going to be like the next podcast, Chernobyl,
which I apologize in advance for that.
That was a shot.
So let me tell you about the gallery.
No, no, no, you the full result.
You talk about my gallery experience.
And then I'll talk about yours.
There was nobody there.
That was the same as it was.
There were a lot of cars there.
But there were no shoppers there.
So I guess they must have a billion employees.
But there's nothing like walking in a shopping mall.
Walking past the store where you know the rent is just exorbitant.
You don't know it, but you assume it.
Sure.
You've got to be right.
And they have all this expensive stuff inside like whatever.
You know clothing or jewelry.
And the help the employees are standing around twiddling their thumbs
in the doorway, praying that maybe a customer would come in.
You know what I'm talking about?
You see that?
Sure.
I feel bad.
I feel bad for those people.
I don't know why.
But I just feel bad.
I can't stand here anymore about.
That's our poll today.
639 votes.
All of the above 481.
I knew that would win.
Why didn't have that many names to put on here?
Barry bonds 46.
Hey Barry.
You're fair.
We hate you.
We like poison.
I saw that 754 by the way, Chris.
Against the Marlins a couple nights ago.
I saw that.
Yep.
That's good.
I didn't.
Because when I'm down there, I'm watching a lot of baseball.
I have no idea why.
But that's because the cable is the choices aren't that good.
And especially the direct TV, I hate that good either.
Paris Hilton 37.
Lindsay Lohan 36.
And Nicole 16.
That's a dead issue.
Brittany Spears 15.
She's running Anna's ass.
And Angelina Jolie 8.
We don't hear that much about Brangeline no more.
Thank God.
Sulemente Ocho on that bitch.
640.
She doesn't look that good anymore either.
And certainly neither is Lindsay Lohan.
644 votes.
They're coming in in big chunks now.
But I was going to tell Chris that I think we had a shot for something.
I don't know.
No shot for a thousand, do we?
I don't think so.
I wasn't asking you.
Now, if we had 950 now, you'd say I don't think so.
Just because you're so negative because you talk about, you know,
your jaundice view of life all the time.
If you talk about my jaundice view, then that Julio that co-decently
didn't get a lot of people talking about Toronto.
It's never been a laundry show.
That's right.
Let's talk about Toronto's a little hazy this morning.
Actually, it's going to be like 80-something.
Yeah, you'll have to text me like the weather report.
But it's not human.
I'll take it that way.
It's not going to be thundering and lightning and pouring and raining at all today.
It's coming up.
It looks at it.
Oh, brother.
What a weekend down there.
You have to be a crazy person.
How do you people do it?
How do you do it?
I still have as much as possible.
That's what I'm doing.
How do you endure it?
That's what I don't understand.
Okay, before we get to the dead people, and this is unfortunate because the jaundravers
are still alive.
Not the one from CNN who used to be on CBS.
That's the wrong jaundravers.
But the teachers of the Supreme Court.
John Robert C. Jury yesterday in which he fell five to ten feet in his head on a dock near his summer home in Maine,
could be an indication that he has epilepsy and erogenous set on CNN today.
Could be, and that might not be at all.
Who knows?
Could be.
By the strictest definition, epilepsy is two or more seizures that have no known cause, said Dr. Wendy Wright,
Emory University and Eurologist on CNN's American Moning.
And for all we're hearing this is the Chief Justice's Second Cezure, which is probably what he wants to do with seizure property and seizure asks.
Because he's not seeing a son of a bitch.
He's still alive though and he's going to be just fine.
That's the bad news.
Robert suffered a benign idiopathic seizure, idiot-pathic, meaning it doesn't have an own cause, such as an infection or head injury, right, said.
After being hospitalized overnight after a seizure, he is being released today from a rockport-made hospital.
According to a local media report, ambulance crews responded to a call about two yesterday afternoon of a man who had fallen five to ten feet,
landed on a dock hitting the back of his head.
The patient was action and was foaming at the mouth.
Oh, aren't all these rabid right-wing lunatics like Jim Noggle foaming at the mouth?
I've noticed that Kenny Walker is talking about in a couple of weeks, whatever, about how they're going off the year, which they are.
Well, let's get Joe Rose over there tomorrow in time for the book.
It's difficult to say whether it be diagnosed with epilepsy.
Epilepsy.
Epilepsy, right, said.
Not Joe Rose, that's John Roberts.
But now we know he's had another seizure, so for actually he'll go on to be diagnosed with epilepsy.
Roberts spent less than the hospital after falling five to ten feet, falling on a dock in a upper island main, where he has a summer home.
News reports indicate the seizure didn't cause him to lose consciousness.
Maybe he didn't die, which is very sad.
Not see son of a bitch.
But anyway, don't be saying stuff like that.
They'll come and drag you ass out of there.
The RCMP will come on their own, mounted on their horse.
They won't make something.
Why?
They have days.
Then I mentioned don't go to my international airport and please instead go to the Gailorea.
They need your help.
They need your money.
And you know, that's a mall that has got, it's not like the Saga-Ras.
It's the Saga-Ras, of course, always jammed.
I still understand why.
Because there's so many Brazilians.
Yeah, I don't know.
But unlike the Saga-Ras, which doesn't have like a magnet store, I mean the Gailorea has got sacks, they got Neiman Markis, they got maintenance.
DCs, dealers, dealers, they got Airme Major Chain, Shane.
I don't know if they got a Burdines anymore.
Isn't dealers, Burdines?
Yeah, I think so.
Well, what kind of an answer is that?
I think so.
Well, I don't stop at that place really son.
Why not?
Because I don't get paid that much.
Well, dealers, dealers isn't expensive.
I guess it is overpriced but it's good stuff.
And then they got an Abercrabby and bitch in there, which I've been raving about the one here in the Eaton Center.
And there was nobody in there.
Not only weren't there any hot young people in there wandering around, schlepping around, showing off their goods.
There was nobody in there, like two old farts in there.
Nobody.
Were you one of them?
No, no, no, they were beside me.
Not that old.
656 votes on the pool.
We want to get a thousand for Christaday to make him feel like a real deal.
Yeah, exactly.
If he can't get paid a decent way, he's at least going to get him a thousand votes.
I think everybody should have an opinion on this, even if it's just all of the above.
Aren't you proud of the fact that I dumped that I hate this full thing?
That was disgusting.
That was caving into a bunch of really negative people.
Although I will say this, after spending four long ponderous days down there, I can easily relate.
So good.
I love it.
I just love the ones that end like real abrupt.
You know, like, oh, let's win the end of this.
So let's just chop it off right now.
So to speak, 10.45, let's take a look at that award-winning WQAM schedule on the day before the rating book comes out.
It's a 10-demar morning, right?
Okay.
If you say so.
Right on the box.
I'm sure it is.
I could look it up again, but I'm too lazy to do that.
We got Mad Dog 2.
We got a regular schedule today.
It looks like the Humper and the Mad Dog together, four to five.
Then the Humper, all by himself, five to six thirty.
We were talking the other day at lunch, my friend and I, a buck, to Hank and what a miracle he is that he's still alive.
Then we got Marlins on deck at six thirty.
The Marlins host Colorado.
They're Rockies at seven or five tonight.
And then gain that with the decay after the baseball game.
I noticed the Marlins no matter how many runs they score, no matter how much of a big lead,
except they finally did win again the other day.
But generally speaking, they lose just about every day.
Am I right, Chris or what?
Correct.
That is correct.
No matter how big of a lead they got, just stay tuned because it ain't over till that's over and they lose.
You're so negative.
Now I'm just telling you what I've seen.
I've seen it.
A BP refinery in Indiana will be a lot of continued to dump Mercury into Lake Michigan under a permanent issue by the Indiana Department of Environmental Manage.
But this is good.
OK, all you Indiana people, when you go back home to Indiana and you'll find out that your kids' eyes are bulging out of their head like a bullfrog,
that's because there's Mercury in the water.
Well, Lake Michigan, well all you people in Chicago, like I said, good luck to you.
The permanent exempts the BP plant at Whiting Indiana, three miles southeast of Chicago,
from 95 federal regulation limiting Mercury Discharges into the Great Lakes to 1.3 ounces a year,
the BP plant reported releasing three pounds of Mercury through surface water discharges each year from 2002 to 2005.
The permit was issued in July 21 in connection with the plant's $3.88 billion expansion.
But only late last week we get to generate public controversy.
It gave the company to at least 2012 to meet the federal standard.
We give them plenty of time to make sure that they just gouge and rape the public and to dump all that Mercury into Lake Michigan.
Wow.
OK, should we get to this celebrity death or what?
672 votes on my poll, by the way, if George was doing the poll, it would be about 300.
And according to Eric, now you pay any attention, no you don't, because you don't care about the poll.
Right.
But that new statistic he's put on there about how many you need per minute to give to or whatever.
We need two tenths of a vote per minute to give to 700.
We're going to do a thousand today.
According to his extrapolation, we need 1.7 votes a minute to give to a thousand, but we'll do it.
Because I know we're going to have at least 800 by noon.
That's my feeling. I could be wrong about that.
We still got 672.
Every time I start talking a big game, then he puts the break on there.
You know, he slams on it.
Tom Snyder's dead.
Tom Snyder who pioneered the late night TV, the talk show stuff with personal and abrasive of style and his robust trademark laugh.
Like Jolly Joe has died from complications associated with leukemia.
He was 71.
How come I'm reading so bad today?
leukemia?
No, because I'm in a big hurry.
I don't know why. We got the full four hours. We got no ball game at 2 o'clock or at 12 o'clock like that.
David Emmett.
Snyder died Sunday in San Francisco with long time producing friend Mike Horowitz told the APS today.
Tom was a fighter who had said I know he had tried many different treatments.
Prickly and ego driven and full of crap too, by the way, a real phony.
Snyder conducted numerous memorable interviews as host of NBC's tomorrow, which followed Johnny Carson's tonight show from 73 to 82.
A signature was the constant billowing of cigarette smoke around his head.
I mean, talk about a chain smoker. He was smoking him by the carton, not by the pack, by the carton.
In fact, I think he used to smoke the box too when he was done.
Snyder's style, his show set and the show itself marked in a abrupt change at one o'clock in the morning from Carson's program.
Snyder might joke with a crew in the sparse they pointed studio, but he was more elected to adjust with guests such as the iransible science fiction writer, Holland Ellison.
Never heard of him.
Did you?
Yes.
Oh, never heard of him.
But he was doused in with him.
Okay, Snyder had John Lennon's final televised interview April 75 and you two's first TV appearance in June 81.
Oh, brother.
One of his most riveting interviews was with Charlie Manson to go from a common demeanor directing like a wild-eyed instantly spouting mass murder and back again.
Insanity spouting, whatever he was.
Another vacuum on the king when Plasmatic's lead singer Wendy O'Williams blew up a TV in the studio.
Another appearance she demolished the car and I still don't know who she was.
She was lead singer of the Plasmacs.
What was the cool she was on the other day?
Who was the craziest, cookiest?
Oh, yeah.
Yet another time Johnny Rotten decided that he meeting wasn't in the mood to be on a talk show acted in different for an excruciating 12 minutes.
In 1982, the show was canceled after a messy attempt to make it into a variety talk variety show called Tomorrow Coast to Coast.
It ended a live audience and co-hosted Rona Barrett, all of which Snyder clearly disdained.
Rona Barrett.
Oh, fat.
The time slot was taken over by a hot young comedian named David Letterman.
Born in Milwaukee, Snyder began his career as a radio reporter in his hometown in the 60s and moved into the local TV,
anchoring news cast in Philadelphia, New York and LA before moving to late night.
And like I told you before, he was the first guy on TV with balls enough to have big ugly Bushy eyebrows before what's the guy's name Gene Charlotte and Andy Looney.
He loved the broadcast business said, Mac, oh, Marsha Rose, Shestack.
I'm sorry. See, I made that very difficult. Marsha Rose is all one name.
Who I could in the new time newscast with Snyder, Cade, YWTV and Philly in the 60s.
He was very surprising and very relevant and not at all a typical newscaster.
He returned to local anchoring in New York after the Tomorrow Left of the Year and eventually hosted an ABC radio talk show before easing back on the TV on CNBC.
And now he won't be on TV in Omaha because he's dead.
Tom Snyder.
So one of those things when you don't hear about somebody for a long time and all of a sudden, oh, yeah, he's dead.
You know what I mean? Right. That'll happen with me someday.
You won't hear about my ass for a long time. Oh, guess what? He's dead. Oh, good.
Let's go into the reading of the will.
You never know. There might be who knows what could be in there.
How much is not even I just might just forget about it. Not.
I can't stand to hear any more about we have 677 votes.
Boy, if we can make 1,000 today, I'm going to feel like the book tomorrow might be okay.
Do you have any feeling about it? It's going to be better than the previous one.
No, that's not it. If we had a zero, we'd go to the last one.
The last one was embarrassing, humiliating and degrading.
And mostly because Jolly Joe don't know his answer from your elbow and believe me, that's a lot of ass.
677 votes on our pool today. And here it is. I can't stand here no more about all of the above 511.
All we've only got like six names on here.
Did I leave anybody off who's like being overrised discussed over everything on TV these days?
Not that I can say. No.
Barry buns 46. See, other than the all of the above, the individual votes is not that sparse.
It's really sparse like Chris's paycheck.
Barry buns 46. See, low hand 38. Parasoltan 37. And on the cool 18, that's all kind of cooled off like the body.
Britney Spears 17. And Angelina Jolie.
Sola Mente de Ace. Soltanto de Ace. Only 10.
Out of 677 votes.
Oh, guess who else died? George doesn't have any idea who this is. That's why Chris and I can laugh at you.
He was a very important guy. Bill Walsh's dead.
Yeah, you're laughing at me. Yeah.
I'm going to put more hockey back on if you don't cut the crap. Do it.
I double-solid there, yeah. I'm going to get rimmer on the phone.
Shannon.
Bobby Hall, two fire and Bergman. He's a forehander, son. Two debris.
Over the line for Joy-El.
That game is 400 years away.
He's just took a big chance jumping off the line.
But it paid off and he scored the tie-up.
Hey, like that. We missed the time goal and at least the trick game. That's bad. That's a bad omen.
Means we better get back to the stuff you care about. You say it means you've got to do the show.
No, no, no.
Bill Walsh, the groundbreaking football coach won three Super Bowls and perfected the ingenious schemes that became known as the West Coast offense during a Hall of Fame career where the 49ers has died.
And he was 75. I never thought he would die.
Chris, wasn't he like one of those people you thought would be around forever?
I didn't really think about it.
Walsh died at his wood-signed home yesterday morning following a long battle with leukemia. Well, it seems to be going around.
Two things seem to be going around. Leukemia and death.
This is just a tremendous loss for all of us, especially the Bay Area because of what he meant to the 49ers.
He said Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Montana.
The player most closely linked to Walsh's tenure with the team.
For me personally, outside of my dad, he was probably the most influential person in my life.
I'm going to miss him, he said.
And what if he used to take showers with the team?
Now that's an interesting question. Chris, do you think the coach takes showers in the locker room with the team after the game?
I don't think they did.
Well, how do you know that?
We have been having their own, their own, their own, their own private bathroom and everything.
They do?
Probably.
I just can't see Don Schuyl taking a shower with AJ Dewey. I could be wrong about that.
Or about Walsh didn't become an NFL or with Kibba Bo camp or either. That would really have been something.
Walsh did become an NFL head coach until he was 47 and spent just 10 seasons on the San Francisco Sardin Live.
But he left an indelible mark on the US's most popular sport, building the once-woven, once-woven-be-gone 49ers in the most successful team of the 80s
with his innovative offense strategies and teaching techniques.
The soft-spoken native California also produced a legion of coaching disciples that still growing today.
Many of his former assistants, when I believe their own teams, handling down, handing down Walsh's methods and schemes to dozens more coaches
and a tree with innumerable branches.
I wonder if they're talking about Cliff Branch, although he played for the 49th for the Oakland.
The Raiders.
Am I right?
Who?
Cliff Branch.
Who?
The essence of Bill Walsh was that he was an exterator.
What you know about sportsmen, I could put an offemble and have room for Georgia's acid.
What did he say like in 1960?
Cliff Branch?
Yeah, Google it during the break. I'm going to Google Cliff Branch. He was a great receiver.
Okay, you would know Cliff Branch from Cliff Notes.
The essence of Bill Walsh's day was an extraordinary teacher and if I'll commission a Roger Gidell,
I'll send a statement.
What if he's came to Erika Delvie, harness driver from Amishigan and Chicago?
This guy started playing before I was alive.
Cliff Branch?
72 was when he first started.
You said 85.
So who cares about you being a punk?
If you gave Bill Walsh a blackboard and a piece of chalky, become a whirlwind of wisdom, he taught us all not only about football,
but also about life.
And now it takes teamwork for any of us to succeed as individuals.
I take a lot of showers naked together.
That's what it's all about.
His guys sweaty and dripping with blood and guts taking naked showers together. That's what life is all about.
A lot of you haven't discovered that yet. Most of you, quite frankly, who would want to?
1056 at 560 WDQM.
Gary Sartre, by the way, is a major A-hold.
Did I mention that yet today? Gary, you are lazy. You are shifty. You are shifless.
Spinalist. You're useless. Am I right?
Huh? I'm sorry.
I'm leaving with this.
He hates you like poison, by the way.
Yeah, exactly.
No. We hate you, Gary Sartre.
This is the Neal Roger shell.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
You need to send this artist from Breen.
And they need to go, go, go, go.
Then they go ahead and parachute on Tundra.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Retting me, thanks, you fine.
But she out of her mind.
They better send her back and breathe out.
Retting me, go, go, go.
I know they think that they're okay.
But they need when they think more than they do.
Because they're right back. They're right back in the clutch.
What did they learn from the hospital's play?
I am so surprised that none of these chips have died.
They need to send these stars from Breen.
And they need to go, go, go.
Out of course, on Sun.
And now they're coming one.
They say that they're fine.
You know it's a one big lie.
They better send the stars from Breen.
They better go, go, go, go.
Lebanon, 02 at 560 W.
By the way, this little update for yourself for the drivers out there.
You're driving still sucks.
Every time I come back to town for a couple of days, it's like, well,
and that's just my stupidity.
Why have you gone for a couple of months?
Why is anything going to change?
Are people all of a sudden going to become good drivers overnight?
No, some of them are cold.
They think it got worse.
No.
They dig it worse.
Much worse.
I mean, it was just when you think you can't get any worse.
It is.
Guess lost die, boy.
They die in clumps and chunks.
The film community suffered a loss of a great legend yesterday.
The Swedish writer director, Ingmar Bergman, master of modern cinema known for his cult following
in such genre-defining films as The Seventh Seal, Wild Strawberries and Persona,
guided his home on the Swedish Isle of Pharaoh.
Yesterday, one of the world's most prominent filmmakers, Bergman made films about
desiring, suffering in the human condition.
And like George, the at least the suffering part.
Right.
He gained a following from, now, don't you be talking about Euro life for a long time?
I'm just going to talk about yours from now on, I'm sorry.
Don't.
He gained a following from within the film community during the 50s with his psychological films
where women were driven to emotional collapse through personal uncertainties and sexual passions.
Oh my God.
This legendary director brought out questions of morality, isolation, and existential questions about faith.
In a 1964 Playboy magazine, Interview Bergman said, the manifestation of sex is very important
and especially to me, for above all, I don't want to make merely intellectual films.
I want audiences to feel, to sense my films, as in feel this.
That's what I was thinking yesterday with those three hot guys who are sitting at the Miami International there.
I wanted to say, feel this, but I didn't have one with his wife.
He had like a cowboy head on, I don't think I've ever seen anybody that good looking in my life.
And I just sat there and I kept thinking, and he knew I was staring at him but it didn't seem to bother him.
Is that because he's secure?
Because he didn't like you.
He up and smashed me in the mouth.
Take a squeeze, let's know.
Yeah, I would like to.
Oh, brother.
Bergman wrote most of his own scripts he preferred, mauling the ideas over for months, sometimes even years before.
The actual process of writing with Stark for him and his latest works, Bergman made a sketchy outline of the ideas for the scene.
He then allowed talented German exact dialogue, some of the telly collaborated with on screen included Max von Cedow,
Liv Alman, BB Anderson, Engwit Thulin, and Harriet Anderson.
I love the Swedes, the names that had the two S's, you know, the Anderson with the two S's.
Sure.
Bergman was wholly on aggressive in working with his town, he preferred intuition over intellect, working with town as collaborators,
understanding the actor was in a psychologically vulnerable position.
Boy, this sounds like a bunch of pseudo intellectual crack trap to me, but then again, what a whine, what does an old fast, slob like me know about intellectual crap?
Bergman received best foreign language film Oscar for the 1960 film, The Virgin Spring, which is about a 14th century sweet avenging the rape and death of his daughter.
The same is true for the 1961 film, Through a Glass Darkly, and his last film, The 1982 Fanny and Alexander also received the best foreign language film Oscar.
He's dead, Engwit Mark Bergman.
It doesn't say anything on here about why he died, how old he was, oh yeah, he 89, excuse me.
If you just look at the damn thing, you'd know how old he was, 89, that's old enough.
That would give me another 25 years, can you imagine that?
Can you imagine that?
All the drama this old queen could conjure up in 25 more years?
Sure.
I am the, I definitely am the champion drama queen of all time.
I'm not embarrassed by that, you know, what's wrong with being a drama queen?
Nothing.
Joy the club.
702 votes on the pool, I can't stand here anymore about all of the above 529, I can't stand any of these people enough already.
Maybe we just can't stand them, we just don't know.
Very bonds can't stand his ass 48.
Lindsay Lohan, slow hand.
Now how do you say her name, it's slow hand, but they say Lindsay Lohan.
Don't.
Good.
Well whatever her name is, she's got 39.
Paris Hilton has got 38, she's where I'm Lindsay's ass.
Brittany Spears 19 and the Kool-Aid team, Angelina Jolie.
Only, it's the element they own say.
Out of 700 and three vote.
How you feeling about that thousand Chris, I don't think we're gonna make it, I don't know.
Now we're gonna get.
It's the 31st of July baby, I mean, if there's nobody around, that town is like his vacant,
is the inside of an oxygen tank, it's just empty.
A federal bankruptcy judge yesterday awarded 90% of the proceeds from the sale of the rights of OJ Simpson's book,
if I do it, to the family of Ron Goldman, who was slaying alongside Simpson's wife, the Kool-Bround Simpson, in 1940.
Did you know that?
He was slaying alongside the Kool-Aid.
Why did they feel it?
Why did they put that in these stories?
What website is this from?
No.C&M.
Yeah, it is.
The radio's writing for idiots.
Oh, and I'm reading for idiots.
It is.
Like I got it said, the TV yesterday, about the talk about meals life.
It's amazing, you know, when you're hosting the show, I barely say five words.
The remaining 10% of that proceeds will go to a trustee for the Simpson estate to pay the former football stars,
and those creditors, including multi-million-dollar, wrongful death judgments owed to Ron Goldman families.
Simpson was acquitted of the, we know that, and either families collected a dime from him, not a penny, not a synth.
You butcher, you murderer, OJ, anybody with a brain hates you like poison, which is you would croak a wicked, painful death.
Last month, the Goldman's won the right to pursue publishing rights of Simpson's alleged hypothetical account of the slangs.
Yeah, allegedly hypothetical.
US bankruptcy court judge, Jake Crystal, approved the division plan subject.
Oh, guess what I had drove by the other day?
Right there on Sunrise and Powerline, there's a crystal named after George's evil wife.
Not spelled the same, but, you know, cheesy.
Have you ever been to that one?
No.
Well, just so you know, it's there.
Okay.
It's always getting calls for, or, or, factors from people telling us that I actually seen it with my own eye.
There was a crystal.
I was not tempted at all, and already even, you know.
Jake Crystal approved the division plan subject of the court supervision, adding that the purchaser of the book rights must promise the court,
it will maximize the sale of the asset.
He said the party said the division could address the court after 18 months if they have any objection to the manner the sale has been handled.
Fred Goldman runs father, thank the judge after his ruling, promising through tears to pursue this in the same manner we have for 13 long years.
And he's been on your excruciating years.
Nice mustache, Fred.
Not.
Wouldn't we like him a little bit better if he would do something about that mustache?
Okay.
Well, who else, I mean, 2007 for Christ's days, who else has a mustache like that?
No, it's not.
Those mustache peets are mustache friends.
Despite taking 90% of the proceeds of the sale of the book rights gold,
and 38 million dollar judgment against Simpson still stands, he agreed, however, to drop his claim to the bottom of the list,
meaning other creditors will be paid before he is.
Other creditors include the 24 million judgment for the Brown family, 15 grand for former Simpson attorney, 20 grand for another attorney, 250 grand for the book's ghost writers,
and other 300 grand for a pair of law firms.
Although the opposed publication of the book the Brown family sued for a higher percentage of the proceeds,
attorneys for the Brown's argued in court Monday the deal was unfair to other creditors,
and that it allowed the Goldman family to run the show.
But in the end, Crystal didn't agree.
Initially, both Goldman and Brown family blasted the publishers if I do it,
and said they never wanted the book to be available in the stores.
But now there's some money there, so let's go get it.
You know, and I'm more power to them.
Slimey, son of a bitch, OJ, that's what you are, man.
And we're talking about OJ Simpson, not OJ McTuffy.
I don't know him.
I don't know OJ Simpson either, but...
Because I don't like the vote camp, but I come on here.
You know why I come down here?
You were just here saying to his face.
Saying to his face, I doubled area.
Saying to his face, oh ho ho, that's the situation.
He is really something.
Kimba, you know what I'm talking about?
Me Kimba.
709 votes on our world famous pool.
I don't know.
I don't know whether it's going to be Fisher or Fowl today.
Fowl.
I was speaking to Fowl, Michael Vick.
He ran on the heels of the OJ store.
I think that's a perfect, a perfect, exacter.
One of Michael Vick's co-defendants pleaded guilty yesterday.
It was a role in dog fighting conspiracy.
He said it was financed almost entirely by the Atlantic Falkens quarterback.
Michael Vick makes me sick.
He's a real...
As part of the plea agreement, Tony Taylor pledged to fully cooperate with the government
and its prosecution of Vick and throughout the minute,
accused of running an interstate dog fighting enterprise known as
Bad News Kennels on Vick's property in rural Surrey County, Virginia.
That's Bad News, any WZ Kennels.
Isn't that cute?
Sure.
You know what they were?
Bad News?
That's it.
The Bad News Kennels operation and gambling monies were almost exclusively funded by Vick,
a summary of facts supporting the plea agreement and signed by Taylor B.San.
The plea deal requires Taylor to testify against Vick and his true man decode offended subcult upon to do so.
Taylor cannot get a stiffer sentence to face any new charges based on any new information he provides,
according to terms of agreement.
Additional charges are possible however against Vick and the other two.
Federal prosecutors have said a super-seeing indictment will be issued in August.
Vick's lead attorney, Billy Martin, did immediately return a phone message.
Remember Billy Martin, Chris?
No you don't.
Yeah, I remember.
Oh, well good.
Hey, Billy.
He would have liked to Lindsay Lohan, a couple of cheap drunks.
Taylor, 34 of hands, completed the guilty to conspire to travel an interstate
commerce native on lawful activities and conspiring to sponsor a dog in an animal fighting venture.
Vick pleaded not guilty to the same charges last week and said in a written statement that he looked forward to clearing his good name.
Oh yeah, he also pleaded with the public to resist a rushed adjudgment.
The gruesome details outlined in the July 17th indictment have fueled public protests against Vick
and prompted the suspension of some of his lucrative endorsement deals also,
NFL Commissioner Roger Goudell has barred Vick from the Falcon's training camp.
Oh, it's training camp time.
Let's go to camp like Kenny said this morning.
We're going over to camp.
You know what that really means when somebody says and go over to training camp?
I have no idea.
That's right.
I mean, if that's how you were going to spend your day today, wouldn't you like to spoil your brains out?
I think they have to.
I mean, we're running those promos all the time.
See, this isn't just an adult in the station anymore.
This is a adult in neurotic stage now.
Now that we got the broadcast back, I think it's in the contract that we have to be like obsessed
and like to a degree of sickness and insanity.
I think it's natural.
I think they do it out of love and love.
Sure.
Here, love.
And like I said, sickness and ignorance.
713 votes on the pool.
Boy, it's creep and 715.
There's a couple there, a couple over here.
I don't think we're going to make it two days.
Welcome back to the West Minster Kennel Club dog show.
I'm Kenneth Fields, along with my new co-host NFL quarterback, Michael Vick.
There would have been for number seven in the house.
Entering the arena now is the ever-popular toy class.
First up is the maltiche.
How adorable.
Michael, what the hell is that?
Do that dog have a bow up on his head?
Damn.
Indeed.
Uh, prediction?
I predict that dog is going to get his ass kicked.
Uh, interesting.
Next is the toy poodle.
Us.
Monkey and full of life.
Yeah, it might be full of life right now, but after one of my dogs get hold of it.
It's going to go from a poodle to a pile of shit too.
Ha ha ha!
Up top!
Yeah, let's move on, shall we?
Hell yeah, let's do this.
I got five hundy on the toilet poodle.
Lay your money down, Kenneth.
Uh, we must take a quick break.
We'll be back after these messages.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
No evidence that way.
You my boy, Kenneth.
Ha ha ha!
Hell yeah, hold on.
Yeah, yeah, 11, 18, and 5, 60.
Well, a couple of more deaths I forgot about.
Bill Robinson.
I bet you got a crystal note who that is.
Bill Robinson hitting coach?
Well, that part is true.
He played for the Ophidsburg 1979 World Series Championship team, Pirates.
And was there any coach for the Marlins at the 2003 World Champion?
He died Sunday, he was 64.
Robinson was working as the minor league hitting coordinator, was in Vegas to visit the
Dodger AAA team, was supposed to meet Dijon Watson to drive to the ballpark, a Dodger director
of play development, but Robinson failed the show up at the appointed time, was found
out in his hotel room.
The official cause of death is still pending.
How you like that?
Porka.
And there's another one.
Lawton Williams, who wrote the 57th throw line, recorded by Bobby Helms, has died in four
word Texas.
He had just turned 85.
Some of those birthday deals, you know, just had a birthday.
I don't think he died on his birthday, but whatever.
Williams also wrote Geisha girl, recorded by Hank Lockman in 57.
He said Geisha or Geisha?
Geisha.
Geisha.
I was at Geisha.
And color of the blues, recorded by George Jones in 58.
Geisha.
I said Geisha.
He recorded himself in the early 60s from Mercury and RCA.
His anywhere there's people was hit in 61.
He was always very, very nice in a real talent Jones told the Tennessee and it was a way
a native of Troy Tennessee.
He died Thursday of respiratory failure.
He was almost 85.
He would just give an idea about something, and write a song around the idea, Dr. Janet
Steen, full of the newspaper.
I wonder if she's kind of Alex Steen, the hockey player for the Leafs.
Number 10.
Of course, he's from Sweden and I kind of doubt that she.
But anyway, a lot of people dying, man, it's going around like crazy.
You folks who are still alive, you better enjoy what time you got.
That's all, that's my advice to you.
Enjoy it right now.
Don't be put it off, man.
In fact, I'm going to go out right now and enjoy my life today.
See ya.
Hey, now, a lot of enjoying this kind of, it's okay.
732 votes, I think it's going to be a real nail bite around that thousand today.
I don't see how we could do it.
And I'll train to do no-day Julio.
See, all the Julio's all the time.
And tomorrow being held, primarily, Augusto.
That's like a big, big day.
I don't know why, but is it?
The ratings day.
Yeah, sure.
So let's hope the numbers are big.
We don't care whether it's a big day or not.
Just the numbers are really big.
We can have to create like a little bonus money there for some.
It's like Chris.
Oh, Chris?
How much of Chris has got a big bonus deal written into his contract?
What's the contract?
A former Los Angeles area, Roman Catholic priest was arrested today on suspicion of sexually molesting a child from guardian angel parish between 1988 and 91.
What's the name of that place where that is?
Luck.
What?
I don't know where it is.
It's here in here in the story again.
Pacoima.
P-a-p-a-c-o-i-m-a.
All right.
Am I saying that right?
I don't know.
I never heard of that.
Neither.
Prosecutors say George Miller is 69, methaboy when he was 5, befriended his mother allegedly molested him before he turned 14 during overnight trips.
Miller was taken to the custody in his Oxnard, California home and being held in lieu of $600,000 bail.
You know, lieu, don't you?
Sure.
Good for you.
Four people who accused Miller of molesting him were among more than 500 adjoined in that record, $660 million settlement earlier this month.
Between the LAR stars and perishes are contented church officials that fail to shield them from pedophile priests.
Miller was charged in 2002 with molesting two boys also from the Pacoima Church in the 70s and 80s.
But the case was dismissed when the US Supreme Court struck down a California law that extended the stature limitations for decades-old sexual abuse.
Miller's confidential church files among others were the subject of a 4.5-year court fight by Cardinal Roger Mahoney, a real A-hole,
who argued their disclosure to a county grand jury would violate priest-bishop communications and priest privacy rights.
That's right. They got a right to molest children in private. They got a right to their privates.
Mahoney yielded after the US Supreme Court in 2006 to find a herosfinal appeal.
The Miller case is based on new evidence that Sandy Gibbons spoke to one for the LA County District Attorney Steve Kool-E.
As promised investigations around going into a light sexual abuse of mine is by priest Kool-E said,
as evidence has developed to sustain criminal filings, we will do so. We will nail his ass is what I think he meant.
Last week after the summer, it was announced Kool-E called Mahoney's actions an incredible moral failure and how to continue investigating how top-tritch officials handle abuse allegations against clergy and other employees.
I thought it just was in their contracts, but in a contract, it just went with the territory. It's a perk.
How you spell that, what word? Todd Bittamberg spoke to him from Mahoney said the arstacities received complaints about Miller's behavior with children in 1977 and 89.
In both cases, Miller denied wrongdoing. Well, of course, in 96 after Miller was accused of sexually abusing a child who was placed on sick leave,
Temberg said Miller never returned to the ministry and was reduced to lay status by the Pope on May 25, 2005 at Mahoney's request, lay status. Come on, I want to lay it.
Miller's continuing in the ministry despite the complaint in 1977 will not happen today, Temberg said in the statement, today any allegations are immediately reported to the police and the priest is placed on leave pending investigation but it will be put about right.
You can just imagine the size of the brooms they need to keep sweeping all this crap under the carpet.
Billions of dollars and the Lord is frowning. That's why it was like raining so heavy duty there, Miami International. I bet there was a lot of Catholics there.
It is right now again, too. Is it well raining? Yes. Stormin Norman? Oh, no. What that was his name, Stormin Norman. I played first place with the Tigers. Norm was his name. Norman Cash. That wasn't it. What's his name? Short file. Come on, Chris. Stormin Norman.
For who? George Kelly used to call him Stormin Norman. For the Tigers for quite a lot. Norm Cash is in it. I love it.
I love it. Norm Cash and see if that's the word name. Sure, it's not. What I hope I get cash. You would like Johnny Cash. Norm Cash. Sounds right.
And undercover San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's deputies speaking of California last week, directed the Reverend Jeronimo and Rique Kwebos 52. Norm Cash.
Yeah, that's him dead. Oh, no. Oh my God. I'm dying over here. Stormin Norman is dead. What about George Kelly? He did look him up.
George, who? Well, he'll kill. He former third baseman a hundred years ago and then a really bad broadcaster for the Tigers. He was like Ernie Harwell's. He did a couple of things. He's terrible.
George Kale. Well, if I can get a hold of one now, I mean get 14 guys on base. The Tigers got a chance to get back. If Stormin Norman can hit one. I think it's the life.
Oh, no. See, Norm Cash is dead, but George Kale is still alive. He killed me. Last Wednesday, let's see, undercover deputies were stationed at Pirates Coast South of San Luis Obispo because the Uriah's got a history of sexual solicitation problems like for a lot of the ill. I want to work Jim Nogel to think about that. Hey, Jimmy.
You ferry. Last Wednesday, Quavis allegedly grabbed the croc area of a male undercover officer. The priest was arrested and booked on two Mr. Meanor Charges, but suspicion of sexual battery and soliciting a lura. He grabbed his croc, which I would have loved to know.
It would be area. That's a big crime. Right. Well, anywhere from like the navel to his knee. When arrested, Quavis told deputies that he was from Vegas on employer, though he owns an apartment in Vegas. Quavis was associate pastor at St. Joseph's Catholic Church in the Pomo.
On previous, though, his pastor, I'll say, marry of the nativity church in East Salinas. The diocese moderation of St. Joseph and July 20th, saying that Bishop Richard Garcia is placed Quavis on administrative leave and removed his faculties pending outcome of the criminal investigation. What does that mean? Remove his faculties? I don't know. What in there in Ticamount? Wow. According to a June 2001 San Francisco faith article, Quavis identified himself as a vena of the wailin and packed her St. Mary's church insolentist. According to the story, Quavis was dressed in civilian clothes.
Quavis, he said he visits the sacrament of reconciliation about once a month. I talk every week about it from the pulpit. He said we have confessions every weekend and from four to six, sometimes we go to later eight thirty at night. He said, not many, many people come to the sacrament of reconciliation compared to the number of Catholics.
I think that people in American society have washed away their feeling of sinfulness. That nothing is sinful now. People in this country tend to minimize their sense of sinfulness. They think nothing is a sin. Well, Father, sounds to me.
Do you have something on your hands or is it in your hands? A laundry pot, little boy.
Here, 260 for my bus, 260 for my bus, is fractured by a lot. Your eye can concentrate on traffic.
Your body is free, which is in my mirror. In my mirror. In my mirror. Almost hit and ordinary ends like a spark. Your 260 for my bus, I'm staring at your bus. It asks you, must.
Don't be your 260 in that bus. Give all the third next up or I call in the car. Don't be your 260 for this bus.
I just looked at Prick and Paws, I like the way those, like I said, the way they end like we were cold. It's like rug out from under you.
It leaves me cold. Yeah, 1132 at 560 WM, we got the mandal coming along at two o'clock. And of course, we're just abiding our time until Joe Rose comes back to QM. That's the rumor around town.
Now, are we saying that like it's a factor, is it just what? I'm not saying it at all. Why not? Because I don't know what's going on. You've got to use the big head. What do you guys against him? Nothing. I don't know. Nobody's told me anything.
Well, he's coming back is what I'm hearing. If you go out on the streets here, I'll say, oh, you know, Joe Rose with a big head. He's coming back to QM on September 3rd or something like that. I don't know. That's the rumor.
Because we don't want any money in Boa, and can you hear them? No, Moe after what they were that day. No, Moe.
760 WM votes on the pool. There's no point in giving a result because all of the above is winning hands down your pants.
75.2% all of the above. Well, there's just his Roberts. He just still looking at it. If he's logical, he just walked out of the hospital moments ago.
He's been released and that's the bad news. He's still alive. He's still right way. He's still Nazi bastard.
You know, there was a time when wearing sunglasses would have been seen as too cool for school.
But for pupils at a pioneering primary and osteoarthritis, they're now a compulsory part of the uniform. How do you like that?
When you have loved to wore shades to school, you know it. The move is aimed at protecting young guys from the sun's dangerous ultraviolet rays.
And education authorities say they were considering adopting the plan of all state schools in Australia down under.
The headmaster said these aren't clip public school where sunglasses are not compulsory for children from kindergarten three years six.
So they had no problems wearing the glasses in the playground. The sunnies is their called an osteoarthritis.
You would soon become routine for the pupils. Stephen Rackis told commercial radio the sunnies.
You know, the Austrians, the birds, it's all the same crowd. So they have these stupid expressions they have heard in the sunnies.
Like the one of the called the newspapers, the rags? No. Oh, that's something else. Oh.
The education minister of New South Wales State of Wood City as the capital said the government would consider making sunglasses compulsory in all public school playgrounds.
Then of course the kids are going to get into big fist fights because it all depends on who's got the most expensive and the most fashionable desire sunglasses.
It is conceivable that in certain impairments it might be appropriate to wear sunglasses when they're playing the sun. John De La Boscow filled reporters.
Accessive exposure to the sun's ultraviolet risk. So Norman Cash is dead. Storm and Norman on that great tiger team from 60. What was it?
I don't know, 61 maybe. I don't know what a year was. 67. Who knows? Rocky Calovito. Dick McCollough.
Chris, did you know Dick McCollough? No. Accessive exposure to the sun's ultraviolet risk also playing for skin cancers can also lead to cataracts experts say.
A specialist at Sydney, I hospital filled the national news agency that rapper on glasses were best for eye protection and could to be encouraged to breath him from the age of three or four.
Some glasses are especially important in summer when ultraviolet red exposure is up to five times higher than in winter. He be saying.
Got a fax back here from George. It's from says George Cal is still dead. Oh, good.
Ernie Harwell is still alive and that's what Steve said. Well, Steve from the paintings to I know Steve.
How's it going Steve? So that's to the good news is that you know Ernie Harwell actually they bring him on once in a while.
John was telling me this the other day on the Tiger Telecaster every once in a blue moon and they bring Ernie on and does you know anything or something like that.
Ernie just turned 145. He still can't fight his teeth before he's good Ernie Harwell. George likes him. Oh yeah.
Not as much as rich wall stone by the way. Oh. That kid's going to have naked pictures. Oh, I'm trying to the faxes are just pouring in man.
If the votes were pouring in as fast as the faxes are, we'd have 1500 votes today.
764 we need lots more. Oh, look at that bridge collapse. They're an orville about 90 miles out of Sacramento and a whole bunch of cars trapped under it.
Out of that collapse bridge in Orville, California. A lot of news about California today and it's all bad.
764 on our pool. If we can get up to 800 by noon, a confidence will be extraordinarily mediocre.
I mean, if wasn't this time of the year, you know what I'm saying? What do you say?
I'm saying we're dealing with an empty deck like they do all the time across the street.
Don't tell Joel Feinberg though because he's very emotional. He'll sit on the corner there and cry.
He'll go right up and have the church self-centered. He'll sit there, put his head in his hands and cry. Oh, Jesus, that's how Rose doesn't care about me. It's cruel you, Joe.
Any adult that would like go to the trouble of putting that band sign over Joe's picture on their website.
Any adult like that is obviously not involved. He's an emotional cripple. Oh, and dolphins don't care about my business.
Go ahead and cry Joel and you idiot. You're fairing. For the second straight day, Amanda the cloth has been accused of a terrible crime involving children.
Oh, this is a Canadian story. That's why it sounds so pretty too. Shoes like that the way it's written. It's from citynews.ca
Toronto police have arrested a Reverend who represents the St Andrews parish of the Ontario Old Roman Catholic Church after allegedly discovered Kidding Porn in his possession.
Cops contend they found a series of disturbing videos and pictures involving youngsters at 65 year old Frederick Dunley V's Bleakers V Residents last Thursday.
Members of the Toronto police service received information that Frederick Dunley V was in possession of Kidding Porn relates to detective Amy Burke in the
Birkness. That's the Dutch name and BJ or some kind of Swedish. How who knows?
Further to this allegation will commence an investigation. They aren't saying yet how Dunley V became to their attention but they're concerned about what they claim to have found in this home.
During the search warrant videos and still images of child pornography were seized. The children and the images range in age from five to 17.
St Andrews parish which has no affiliation with the Roman Catholic Church is dedicated to helping the poor. They've disabled in the homeless and celebrating its 50th anniversary in the city of Toronto this year.
Neighbors and the religious figure are shocked to hear he's been detained. He looked like a quiet guy who relates to stand-events. I mean you never think he'd allegedly do that.
And a Reverend? That's not good you know what it says. That's not good. He thought it was good. Oh God that's good.
Callie's specter sick hearing about these kinds of stories yet another clergyman has been arrested for child porn. She retorts. This is getting ridiculous.
It's getting ridiculous and a guy in his position can't afford to be made to look ridiculous ridiculous.
Just guess. Dunley V and his congregation read out the chapel of a Blur and Sherborn street church but of all the terraces he left the building six months ago.
In the meantime cops are interested in finding out if this is an isolated incident or if they're victims who may have more information to tell them.
Dunley V's schedule of fear if the college park courts. What is this story from? On March 20th boy they must be really backed up for the stories from July 20th this year.
Her and his arrest follows last Thursday's arrest of an 89 year old priest where a historic sex assault. Vernon Larther Hurtle who still actively involved with the Baptist Church has accused of repeatedly attacking young girl when she had contact with them between 87 and 90 her court date is yet to be announced.
I guess so they have a big hurdle to clear their way. So that's a Canadian story California all over the place all these perverted priests praying on your children. Let us pray and make sure do.
So what's the deal now on this poll thing? What about it? I'm trying to think if we had anybody else to put on. Oh and look at that Tammy phase husband through the United Lary King. I hear rumor through the rey find that they're going to prop up Tammy phase body and just put it in the chair so she can be a permanent permanent every night guest with Larry.
Talk about a sick obsession. Now did you talk about her croaking? I guess I did last week. Right. I touched on her briefly. If you touched on that's I wouldn't touch on her period. I poked her with a stick.
Oh my god to see if she still move it. Wow Tammy phase messenger on Larry King again tonight. She's a prop up in the chair. She weighs four ounces. I mean she then you died on the air. I think that's what they were looking for.
Yeah. They wanted to whisper out. I'm dying on the hands. 772 on the pool. We're going to be really I think over 800 by top of the hour by noon by noonish.
But if Chris would come up with at least one more name on the pool or something that they're just talking about way too much. One of these tabloid popper rotsie followed who might even off. It's got to be somebody. No.
Oh, another like a day of Michael Vic. Michael Vic. See how difficult that was get it on there right away. That's an excellent choice. Michael Vic makes me sick. If I hear one more word about Michael Vic.
It's like that thing about the Humper. Where's that dropping? If I hear one more. I'll find it. Oh here it is. Oh my god. If you play Hey Goldberg again. I'm going to throw up. Yeah. That. You know. Kind of like that. Only without the Humper.
Humper will be on this afternoon by the way. He's going to be on that power hour between four and five with the mad dog and then all by himself five to six 30 with an oxygen tank sitting by.
How does he stay alive? Seriously? I don't know. I'm jealous. Our David's a bitch.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me. I don't give a breath. That fairy has to say it. If he wasn't supposed to think so. That what I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about.
I'm recording at the condo. I can see elevated down and on my way to the car when I told my folder. I give a free condo.
I'm going to go back and pow. I'm going to go back and pow. I'm going to go back and pow. I'm going to go back and pow. I'm going to go back and pow.
I'm going to back and pow. Why you? I got a lot of you. I know everything that's going on in that news. Why I even know all the new Majot rules. I've hit to the drive. That he owns.
Too bad they're going back to life. It's a better show when I take you place. I know I ain't no way to play with him. But when they drop my boys with James.
Little movies. I go. A. I'm looking for are you?
And we're still here.
Chris Moron, my doctor told me how much he liked Chris Moron, Dr. Boych, right?
I say, nobody's perfect, Doc, including that drug.
Well, I don't want to go into a whole thing about my drugs, my whole.
Let me just, since we're talking about your perspective on life, talk about my, I think
with drugs, and I'll talk about you.
Let me ask you about my perspective on this, and tell me if you can both tell me if you
agree with this statement or not.
If somebody, if somebody lies to you once, that's right.
They will lie to you again.
Of course, and they probably have lied to you before you just didn't realize it.
What do you think, Chris?
If somebody lies to you once, sure.
So now, if you know somebody has lied to you at least once, that you're capable of it,
and they'll probably do it whenever it suits them.
Well, that's not a good thing.
No.
784 votes on the pool.
That's not such a good thing either, because I was really hoping I was jones in for to get
to 800 by noon, which means we need 16 more and 11 minutes now, ordinarily at any, you
will have time of the year.
That's no problem, but here, this time of the year on El Pranthu No De Julio, we're going
to do it.
We're going to do what?
We're going to hit that 800 before on the, we're going to beat that 886 you guys had yesterday.
I'll tell you that, easy.
Not long ago, maybe that easy.
Unless I change it, or maybe you can change it, cop with the new one for tomorrow.
They're going to bother me.
We're going to change it right at 12.
Let me ask you, what's Cordis doing these days, you know?
A minister in Christian radio station employee has been charged with indecent exposure and
driving out of the influence police say Tommy Tester, 50 at a Bristol, Virginia, was arrested
last week by Johnson City Police after they say, Tester, urinated in front of children
at a car wash.
When in doubt, he whipped that thing right out.
Police also said Tester was wearing a skirt.
Offered to perform oral sex on officers who responded at a car wash.
He was also in charge of having an open container of vodka in his car.
That explains it, right?
Tester is the minister of gospel Baptist Church in Bristol and works for Christian radio
station WZAPAM.
I guess he got zapped.
Calls on Tuesday the church and testers don't want to be in the return.
The radio station is statement asking for prayers and saying Tester had been suspended
pending investigation.
We pray this matter can be quickly resolved WZAP on around Moris said in the statement.
When in doubt, zap it out.
Shout it out.
Tester was released on $1,000 bail Friday hearing his kids will October 25.
He urinated in front of kids at a car wash and offered to perform oral sex on officers.
I guess that was kind of a hint.
That part.
Maybe he's just trying to help wash the cars, you know.
Now where are all these stories coming from?
My God, there's just an endless supply today.
I apparently.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
The Reverend Eric Young was suspended from his duties as the pastor of Fort Caroline,
United Methodist Church in Jacksonville in response to allegations that he used to
compete with the church at the church to access websites featuring Kiddie porn at the church right in
front of God and Jesus and Moses and Abraham Solomon and Moshi Pippic.
These allegations led to a two week police investigation in Young's or rest July,
the eighth on a state felony charge of resettlement Kiddie porn.
The Reverend Rick Neal Young superintendent filed a formal complaint against Young
with a Florida conference bishop Timothy W. Whitaker, July 11.
I wonder if he was akin to Roger Whitaker who sang that horrible song.
Derim Town.
What was it?
Derim Town.
Oh, you got to leave old Derim Town?
No.
What else did he sing?
No, he had a big hit.
Roger Whitaker.
Something about some ship leaving them some ship.
Oh, my God, I have to look it up in the void.
I guess so.
How do you spell in his name?
W.H.I.
Well, how do I know how to spell in name?
Oh, my God.
All I got to do is get my billboard book and I can do it real fast.
If I can figure out what his name is, Roger Whitaker.
There's Billy Preston.
There's the techniques and yellow balloon, remember yellow balloon by Shoellabaloon.
That's an easy one to remember, because...
I ain't got no Roger Whitaker.
Sad.
Oh, when I attended the name of this song, I would say the year was 75.
Roger Whitaker must be two tees.
There's white snake.
Oh, look out for the old white.
The last farewell.
Oh, I remember that.
May 10th, 75.
I got the year right out of everything but the title.
The last farewell.
Pretty sure he's sad.
I beg your pardon?
Daring talent.
I'm pretty sure he's saying that too.
I have a responsibility to care for children.
I have a responsibility to the church and pastor, Needle said.
That's Reverend Neal.
And that list, children comes first after taking the consideration of many factors.
I felt a formal complaint request for a suspension.
That's...
Was warranted.
Young decline to comment with context of July 22th by the United Methodist New Service.
Following a supervisory hearing with Young, the United Methodist New Service.
What is that?
Good.
Gowie Miss Mali.
Whitaker recommended to the Florida Conference Executive Committee of the Board of Board Day
and Ministry of the Young Beasts suspended.
Suspended a sentence.
The Board voted unanimously July 15th to affirm that...
Recommendation.
Young will continue to receive his salary but will not carry out any pastoral duties at the church.
He's not going to do anything in relation to the church or any other church, Needle said.
This will be a status until the judicial process runs its course.
Police began their investigation June 24 after leaders at Fort Carolina United Methodist Church notified them about
questionable internet activity taking place on a computer at the church.
The phone company's internet service provider contacted the church that they before and told them they had noticed the activity.
Police technicians examined Young's computer and files and said they found links to pornographic websites and other illegal material.
Immediately after the allegations were made young and agreed to discontinue practicing ministry at the church and at the direction of Needle and the church staff passed a Paris Relations Committee.
But a beep bit of a beep put about.
Well, goes on and on and on.
This is what it's all about.
But they all want.
They want to do to your kids.
And you pour suckers down and keep putting up all kinds of money to subsidize it and make an excuse.
Oh, couldn't be.
He said to a wonderful man.
And the other shfine of Iron Man.
All you getchkeys, all you God-squared crowd out there.
Nonsense.
That's basically what the whole world is all about now.
It's a battle between, you know, of head gear and the BS.
And of course it was big business being a religion.
That's what it's all about.
The world, it's the religious wars is what the world's all about today.
Is there any doubt about that?
Am I absolutely correct?
Yes, I am.
Religious wars.
You got your glam and you got your Arabs.
And you got your christian Jews.
And you got your, you know, I don't see the atheist fighting with anybody.
No, it could be wrong.
In self-defense, just trying to defend ourselves, you know, from all the other people.
Defend ourselves?
Are you an atheist?
Or is it all a son or what?
No.
Well, why not?
We've had a discussion because you can't prove your point of view either.
Prove that there aren't little green men on Mars.
You can't.
That whole thing about negative, that's right.
It's not logic about definitions of words.
790, boy, I think that's a bad woman for the book tomorrow.
Maybe 790 is going to go down the old big G.
I think so.
Because we got 790 on the pool right now.
We should have 800.
You think we'll get to 800 by noon?
Yes.
You are such a jerk.
It's just a good jerk.
Well, thank you.
A cool jerk.
Like the capitals, cool jerk.
How much of a jerk has got that?
But we don't have time to hear it.
I can't stand here anymore about playing.
Look at that, Michael's back.
You're right.
He really boosted up.
He got a vote.
And you want to know why?
Because they want to hear more about Michael.
But they want to see his ass nailed to the wall.
And rightfully so.
Anybody that's doing the stuff with dogs and two dogs.
Anybody's doing that stuff.
And especially anybody that's made like all those zillions and millions of dollars that he's made.
There's a cool jerk.
Hey, Michael, you jerk.
You're fairy.
790, all of the above 596, 75.4% of the leave.
All they don't want to hear about none of these people.
Barry von's 55, Parasilton 44, Lindsay Lohan 44, Brittany Spears 21, and in a cool 18.
Leave her be.
Isn't that what that comedy judge said, leave her be?
I want her buried with the sun.
Angelina Jolie 11, and Michael Vick, he's got the big one.
It beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Look at that.
We got our 800-phoseman.
And Chris has got his thumb right in there.
Backdome, that's where it's at.
800.
Hold it.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm spend money on Congress with an Part 1 ofe Group helping
so if the person who is speech a lot,
ertos for the Pourer and The Energy
to Integration Language Stone and money.
annually handed out to high performing schools.
The awards are part of a key part of former
fat ass governor, Jeff Bush, his A-plus plan
for education in act 99.
Representative Ray Stansson, the destined Republican
and chief budget writer for the Florida House,
said lawmakers will not cut the popular bright futures
scholarship program, thanks God.
Families already are counting on getting that money, he said.
But Stansson said it was too early to say how legislators
will fund the 45 million.
Earlier this year, state economist or legislators
at the Broward County Paramutials with stock machines
would generate $196 million for the state
this current fiscal year.
The new estimate from this year, $113 million.
Though some difference will be made up by reserves
and slightly higher lottery ticket sales,
state economist predict a $45 million deficit.
Dan Atkins, chief executive of Marty Grower
racetrack and gaming center in Hall and Dale,
blame lawmakers for the problem, he said the tax rate
charged by the state on slots 50 freaking percent
makes it impossible for the paramutials to compete
against the glissy casino's run by the seminals
which pain or still taxes to the state,
which we'll get to in a second.
If the paramutials had lower tax rates,
he said they could use the additional money
to upgrade consumers and pay for marketing
that would draw more players.
It's tough to compete when you have that high tax rate
and other restrictions that can said,
noting that among other things,
the Broward paramutials aren't allowed to stay open
24 hours a day, unlike the operations run by the tribe.
Somebody just asked me the other day,
are you a member of the tribe?
And I said, boy, 812 votes on our world.
I'm in the old famous pool,
we got a real shot in the house today, I don't know.
How you feeling about it?
Yeah, we good.
Queasy, I'm feeling a little queasy.
A little woozy.
Fraged rim rides in the herald.
Oh, it's Roger Whitaker.
Why'd you let it go?
You bastard, man, I nailed that thing perfect.
You really are a little piece of crap.
I'm rolling, rolling, rolling.
Woo!
This is awful.
Roger Whitaker, where'd you find that?
Oh, I know, yeah.
In Magic Land.
And in the hidden vault, where'd you go?
Here's my favorite Roger Whitaker song.
Oh, I've been ages.
I've been anybody who have a favorite Roger Whitaker song.
Well, in the beans like Hasick, they could have three.
Right.
My favorite aroma of foul.
I'm missing this at the karaoke bar, everybody.
Oh, God help us.
Really drunk.
I've got a little old derrick.
Please, not soon enough, that's up.
Fred Grim says in three weeks, the forbidden games won't be.
Rulette, crafts, blackjet, backeraw, keynote,
the exotic stuff of Monaco, Vegas, Atlantic City, and Macau.
Our destined to become the games of Hollywood,
Tampa, Coke, and a Creek, and Mockley, Brighton,
and Big Cypress.
Table game, surely light the heart of the negotiations
between the Seminole tribe and Governor Charlie Christie,
office.
The Indians will demand some of not all
of the outlawed table games before
seating a cut of their gaming profits to the state.
The Seminoles and the Micah-Sugi tribe in Dade,
which has an obvious interest in the negotiations,
already have a clear right to class three Vegas
style slot machines.
That's a given nothing much to negotiate.
I'm sure I saw Bill Bord over the weekend that said,
at the Seminole, they got to, I forget the number.
Vegas style slot machines, what it said.
The state which refused for two decades to deal
with the Indians waited too long.
Fred Grim says Vegas slots were legalized
last year at 90 Indian venues in Broward,
and federal law mandates that Indians now have the same
right to feature Vegas slots at their gambling halls.
They got the balls to stick them in their halls.
And Florida's got no legal rights to taxes,
sovereign tribes gambling money.
If the state wants to share the seminal booty,
the Governor's negotiators have three weeks to come up
with something swell to offer the
transit return table games would be swell
indeed says Fred.
Slot machines full in the most casino gambling profits,
but table games appear to more affluent customers,
and reach beyond the local gambler said Michael Pollock,
managing director of the spectrum gaming group editor
the gaming industry observer.
Tourist and conventioneers who wouldn't come to Florida
hang out in a cabinet room full of slot machines,
will book a state a full-blown casino
with the Vegas type atmosphere he'd be saying.
Secretary of the Interior, Kirk Kempthorne,
notified Governor Chris Gay on June 22,
that he had 60 days to work out a compact with the seminals.
Otherwise, Kempthorne warned he'd establish
real regulations himself, allowing the tribe
to install Vegas style slots as opposed to the slower
and dumb class to Bingo style slots
not featured these states in New York,
because he was out of the Kempthorne solution,
seminal attorney Barry Richard said Monday,
the state gets zilch.
Zilch, Zipini Duda, the big, oh!
An article published Monday by Florida Tax Watch
Gaming Economist Jeffrey Hook suggested
that Florida demanded at least a 40%
company in the gambling profits,
and returned for classed for three slots.
It would be a fair take hook argued,
given that Browards race, he knows,
paid about 53% of gamblers losses
to state the local governments.
But Hooks plan comes too late for Florida,
the tribes already have a legal right to class three slots,
and some likely they'd agreed to a 40% tax rate
when no other state compact brings in more than 25%.
At Richard pointed out that the feds required
the state's offer to Travis and element of exclusivity
as part of the compact, the state might agree he suggested
he keeps slot machines from spreading to other
fair mutuals outside of the in Browards, for example,
or promised to allow Indian casinos
the exclusive right to operate table games in Florida.
Hooks hardball tactic might have worked a few years ago,
but Florida's negotiating position went down the tubes,
tube!
When Broward legalized slot machines had its fair mutuals,
the state freeted away two decades of opportunity
by now the governor's best negotiating
for his been to reduce an offer of roulette
tumbling dice blackjack, and a touch of Vegas's
Fred Graham in the anxious Miami hero.
Oh, here's a new version of Crawler just popped up
on my screen.
What is that?
What's Crawler?
I don't know.
Says new updates are available.
Do I want the new updates?
No, I don't think I got the old ones.
We do have 817 votes so on the poll.
When's Kenny and Volga went off the air already, by the way?
I just thought I would throw them in.
Probably when Alex Marvez goes off the air.
Did he get a hold of those naked pictures
that Ira went back and Ethan's swollen a cat must be?
So like on headline news, Nancy Grace is pregnant with twins,
but that won't stop her from her toughest interview yet.
Nancy Grace and her little monos are in structure one on one.
So you think that just by bravin' and changing positions,
you can like, give birth easier.
Yes, these are all the basic techniques.
I'm gonna be squatting out not one,
but two things, the size of bowling balls,
and you just tell me to breathe.
How do you sleep at night?
Nancy Grace, pregnant and pealed.
How on earth can you just sit there with a straight face
and tell me Lamar's works?
The technique can make the girls.
Ordnables does enjoy what is the conception.
The conception, do I strike you at the kind of woman
who would enjoy via...
It's the interview that will confirm what you always suspect
and about Nancy Grace.
So like on headline news.
From 18 at 560 WQM, happy Tuesday to the 31st of July,
maybe it's the end. The end is near.
Do you feel like this?
Okay.
We're in the end times.
All these people dying and stuff, you know?
Tom Snyder?
Oh, and then of course that John Wusses' name,
the Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts,
having that foaming at the mouth episode,
wouldn't be the first time.
Doug Thompson's foaming at the mouth.
He's got not one, but two columns the last couple of days,
and since you didn't read either one, I might just do both.
All right.
American guest Stoppo is the first one.
He says, the last place you expect to run into
a federal government goon squad is the Blue Ridge Parkway,
the scenic highway that runs through Virginia,
North Carolina, and Tennessee.
But the abusive power spawned by the Bush administration
and the rights-roving USA Patriot Act runs rampant
throughout the federal bureaucracy,
as I learned this week while traveling to Parkway
to get an assignment photographing a summer music festival
for my newspaper.
The festival, Floyd Fest, draws thousands of people
each July to a picturesque patch of land just off the parkway,
not far from the Blue Ridge Hamlet of Floyd, Virginia.
Now in its sixth year, the festival enjoys a national reputation.
It also provides an opportunity for the National Park Service
police to harass patrons of the festival.
For the last two years, the Park Service has brought in
its CIT criminal interdiction team from Asville, North Carolina
to police grabs and use the parkway to reach the festival.
The team composed of swaggering young officers
with little regard for due process or civil rights
is the embodiment of federal excess.
As I drove toward the site Thursday,
I passed two CIT park police officers that had pulled cars over
and were forcing the occupants to pull everything out of the car
so they could search coolers, backpacks,
luggage, glove boxes, and consoles.
I pulled off the road ahead of the second NPS patrol car
grabbed my camera and headed back to take a photo
of the police section as I approached the park service officer
and we had a round and pointed at me.
Sir, if you raise that camera to take a photograph,
I will place you under a rusty bark.
I identified myself as a working journalist on the assignment
and said, I was simply covering an news event.
Sir, he retoured that this is a US government property
and under the provisions of the USA Patriot Act,
you cannot take photographs of official government activity
without authorization, put that camera down,
now.
Wow.
I couldn't believe what I was hearing.
I grew up in this part of the country of photographed
on the Blue Ridge Parkway since my days as a high school student.
I asked for his badge number.
He refused to reveal it.
Sir, you have 15 seconds to leave or you're under arrest.
He had his hand on his gun, so I left.
Media general, our newspapers, owner of strict rules
about interaction with police,
at the top of the hill, I stopped and shot some photos
back toward the scene.
At the festival, patrons told numerous horror stories
about encounters that they were the park service police.
One young woman was pulled over because she had beads hanging
from a rearview mirror.
They detained her for more than an hour while they searched
her car and found nothing.
Another young man was stopped because he had a bolt missing
from his license plate frame when the cops found no drugs
or alcohol they took it in for improper equipment.
On Wednesday night, the CIT cops fell over cardrained by Shannon Zeman,
the sheriff of Floyd County, Virginia.
Zeman later told Virginia State Trooper Andrew O'Connor
that the parkway cops were rude and abusive
even to a fellow cop.
Calls to the park service police, head quarters were not returned
Friday.
I called the officer Congressman Rick Boucher
and they promised to check into the situation.
According to the National Park Service website,
park police provide highly trained and professional police
officers to prevent the tech room like activity, conduct investigations
at random individuals suspected of committing offenses
against federal state and local laws.
Nice to know the park service cops have professionals on board.
Next time, let's hope they send in pros instead of the goon squad
from the criminal interdiction team in Asville.
Says Doug, who's forming a tumult, not quite as much as John Roberts.
He also has another column in today's Capitol Hill Blue,
the USA on Patriotic Act.
It's kind of a follow-up to the one I just read, kind of like a segue.
I say you.
A33 on a pull, by the way, I think we're in trouble.
What do you think, Chris?
We need less than two a minute.
We can do it.
Oh, you're looking at that crap again.
Erick Scott, you bring wash with that garbage?
Yes, I'll bring it back.
Like I said, that's a good deal, Erick Scott going there.
Doug Thompson says, I wish I could stay an incident last week,
was the first time the rights-roving USA Patriot Act has been used
to prohibit me as a working journalist from doing my job.
Unfortunately, the Blue Ridge Parkway Ranger who threatened me
with arrest if I photographed him, subjecting attendees
of Floyd's Festival on reasonable search and seizure,
is only the latest time the act has been thrown in my face and used
to cover up the act of a government that's out of control.
Since its passage in the actor's shock of the 9-11 service attacks,
the Patriot Act has been used and abused by the FBI to arrest American citizens
and destroy the foundations of freedoms that used to define this country.
Most members of Congress have meant they initially voted for the act
without even reading it.
Last minute revisions were rammed through by the then attorney general,
John Ascroft, who was acting from a mandate from President Bush to do whatever you can
to make sure nothing like this, the 9-11 attacks ever happened again.
Ascroft's bill gave police virtually unlimited powers,
allowing the FBI to wire-tapped citizens without court review or approval,
and opened the door for Bush's controversial war list domestic spying program
that a federal judge is ruled unconstitutional but still has to get through
a conservative Supreme Court stack with Bush appointees.
Vast areas in and around Washington suddenly became off limits for photography.
Photographers were banned from shooting in Union Station on the Washington Metro
and in areas where a federal building might be in the background.
Amtrak cops arrested independent filmmaker Jim Cohen for shooting footage
out the window of a train on route to New York, something he's done for years.
The New York Times told Cohen their photographers are routinely
provaded from taking photos of public places in the big apple,
so often in fact that they no longer consider what happened to be even news.
Indian filmmaker, Rakesh Sharma, was arrested detained for four hours
for shooting footage on the streets of New York.
In northern Virginia, part police on the George Washington Parkway stopped the question
me for shooting skyline photos of the nation's capital.
Even after I identified myself as a working journalist and produced ID,
including a Department of Defense press pass,
they tried to confiscate the digital image cards from my camera saying I needed
written authorizations from the parts of a superintendent's office.
I stood in my ground a day back to off.
In October 2002, I was shooting kids in Halloween costumes at Tyson's Corner Mall in northern Virginia,
something I did in the Halloween for nearly ten years.
Two security guards approached ordering me to stop and escort me to the security office,
even though I was on assignment to cover a story about parents bringing their children to the mall for trick or treating,
I was ordered to leave the property.
I hope we left all that behind when we moved from Washington to the Blue Ridge Mountains
of Southwestern Virginia in late 2004.
I grew up along the Blue Ridge Parkway in a photograph many stretches of the highway
that stretches from front-world Virginia to the great Smoky Mountains at Tennessee.
Until last week, no Blue Ridge Park employees ever interfered with my ability to photograph there,
not until a member of the criminal addiction team out of Aspill threatened me with arrest
if I shot pictures of a searching car belonging to attendees of a summer music festival.
Assistant Chief Ranger Steve Stindens says his CIT offices don't remember
encountering a photography photographer while on duty last week.
In the news business, we call that a non-denial denial.
Not remembering is the cops oldest trick in the book.
It's the oldest cop out in the book, he says punfully intended.
Don't worry Ranger Stindens, your officer may have trouble remembering, but I don't.
When somebody who carries it on threatens me with arrest, I remember him very well.
I think you'll also find the sheriff of Floyd County, Virginia, Shannon Zeman,
has clear memory of night last week when a member of the CIT unit pulled him over and treated him like a criminal.
Virginia State Trooper, Andrew O'Connor, another respected member of law enforcement around these parts,
says he was shocked and dismayed at the behavior of the CIT Rangers.
Ten promises a full and complete investigation in the incident. I'm not holding my breath.
Stindens is also the one who sent the CIT team from Aspill to harass attendees of Floyd Fest,
and the one who says he doesn't consider 177 traffic stops along a five miles stretcher road
over two and a half days excessive. In fact, he calls the effort low intensity.
Congressman Rick Bouchet doesn't consider the effort low intensity
and does consider the actions of the CIT team excessive.
The situation is intolerable and unacceptable. He told me yesterday he promises to call in the director of the Blue Ridge Parkway to demand investigation.
Bouchet says he'll recommend the traffic enforcement responsibility to the Floyd Fest site be taken away from the park rangers during the event
and turn over the Virginia State police.
According to federal records, the CIT is funded and part by grants from the Department of Homeland Security,
the same Department of Homeland Security that so often votes the USA pay-trade act through a teamly revoked freedom
as once considered untouchable in America.
You mark my words, man. He ain't going to be around too long.
Doug Thompson is a great, annoying ball.
I know. One of these days, he's just going to disappear.
Thank you, baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Where's all of y'all? This your boy, Z-Mike.
See how you even saw us with like hooks and concepts, right?
But, man, I'm trying to go black now. Some of the boxes. Check this out, y'all.
Freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom,
what freedom, what freedom and what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom, what freedom,
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book
read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book  the book, read a book They read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book
I show me their teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I show teeth, I
velocity of me, I Simpson, I mean I have nothing but 0. And you have nothing in your shables, I had nothing but 0. And let me show you an example, you need anything you want to say, you can easily call me an explanation, you can easily call me an explanation, I should know rat, you can change the story, so you can tell hell differences, shows me three sealed my knife, again if i know who knows
I like it.
Chris don't like it.
Although somebody named Chris and not ours, not mine or yours or anybody else, some
other Chris, could you please play the Kenny and Bobit that Bob talks about Stephen Kiss
from a pretty girl?
I first heard this on your show last week because I was drinking coffee in my car and
the way to the airport.
I laughed so hard the coffee came out of my nose and spilled all over my shirt.
Thanks for the great entertainment.
Now I have to charge Chris and then that's this called Kenny and Bob?
The Kenbo Homo show.
No.
Is that the one?
That's what I think it is but I could be wrong.
Oh that's a new one.
I often am.
Are you sure?
No I'm not sure.
That's just my guess.
Well I could see if I could find it.
Because that would be a bokeh brand no doubt.
Kenbo Homo show.
Like that.
I like that.
Welcome back to the Kenbo No Homo show.
We have Jim Narval joining us a little later on.
All right man.
Praise the Lord.
He's a good and decent man.
How do you figure that?
Well he's a little agent like you know.
So he got to be.
He's the mayor for a lot of now right?
Something like that.
No he knows.
Yeah he's cleaning up for a lot of now so it'll be okay for Jesus to go there.
Sure.
Homosexuality is a sin man.
It's right there in God's playbook.
That's the sin.
You gotta get rid of the Homo's to get more dates for sport whole lickers like us.
That's why he calls us here at an all gay sport whole station.
Look every man has his needs.
Just because it's only men on our mind don't make it some kind of queer or something.
At least now and then we think of a female.
Yeah.
You know.
I mean if you need some immediate sexual satisfaction man.
You know like right away you can tune into us.
Sounds like you did a lot of research on this topic.
Not really.
I learned it by Mimosa.
I mean our entire morning show is based on the love of men.
A real man can show his love for men and maybe steal a kiss from a pretty girl.
Yeah and a park bench or something.
That's right man.
You gotta like put your knees together real tight and lean over and like just eat a kiss
from a pretty girl.
I don't know.
You know women are just objects you occasionally pay attention to when you're orzy.
Yeah.
I mean that's the manly way.
I mean like you know dude I put my wife outside the house when she has her monthly
gun.
You know.
This coffee.
What?
Didn't you make the coffee this morning?
Yeah man.
Special brew.
It tastes funny.
Should be tangy.
I use an old jock strap for a strain or.
It's.
It's.
Oh okay.
So that was the one.
I told you it can go home or show and I said you that I don't know why you are you
with me 852 votes on the pull and that's because you always look at everything from
your own perspective you move on.
I'm sorry.
You know, you should a lot.
You're just down here before you went to Toronto so that I could do the show from it.
You should look at my what?
Perspective.
Oh.
I prospect this.
854 out of full wear.
I can make 1000 then.
I'm not real happy about that at all.
But like I told you, I had a feeling about this because we're hollering into a vacuum.
Like that, there ain't nobody there.
I mean, there's a few people around, but pretty sparse, pretty sparse together.
Maybe they're all waiting in my international airport, maybe they're all getting a frisked and screened and getting puffed and they pooped machine.
The puffer machine.
It's just amazing to me, the way they treat us like cattle, like subhuman garbage.
And now it's okay to take lighters back on the plane, by the way. No problem. That's right. No sweat.
Take all the lighters you want. Take about 6,000 matches.
I can't stand to hear any more about. That's the poll today.
640 say all of you both. That's almost 75%. Wow.
Barry Barnes, 60. Paris, 47. Lindsay Lohan, 46. Drunken slut.
And in a cool 22, Anna's making a move for a dead bitch. She ain't doing too bad.
Brittany Spears, 21. Angelina Jolie, 11. And Michael Vick, only 7. So the man they see it, they.
I wonder why that is. Like I know what it is. They want to hear lots more.
They want him thrown in the Husqa. And that's of course a lot of the Dolphin fans.
Who probably give their left nut to have Michael Vick as quarterback.
Do you think Dolphin fans would like to have my assuming that this thing wouldn't have happened?
Not really. They wouldn't like him as quarterback. Why because he's got such a crappy completion percentage?
Yeah, that. And I mean, he's. He's one of his. He's a high school and college quarterback and definitely not a pro.
Correct. A federal judge last Wednesday delayed ruling on what other throughout a lawsuit filed against the founder of Facebook.com,
saying he needed more information about allegations that Mark Zuckerberg stole the ideas of the creators of a rival social networking website.
Judge Douglas Woodlock gave connect. I'm sorry. Connect you founders connect you founders Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss who are twin brothers.
And Divya Narenda until August 8th, they'll flesh out the allegations against Zuckerberg, which include fraud, copyright infringement and misappropriation of trade secrets.
The lawsuit, which also named several other founding members of Facebook asked the court to wish when injunction against Facebook and give control of the company.
And it's assets to connect you's founders. Do you ever connect you? No, no. Sounds like a school to me.
Facebook said in statement that it was pleased with the outcome of the hearing. We continued to disagree with the allegations that Mark Zuckerberg stole any ideas or code to build Facebook.
The statement said we intend to one of the judges request not to comment further in the media and will continue to vigorously defend this case in court.
Facebook and connect you connect college students and others online. Both of our users to post profiles with pictures,
biographies and other personal information and create extended networks of people that their schools or jobs with similar interests. Sounds a little like my space in your face.
At your place. Connect you originally filed suit in September 2004, but it was dismissed on a technicality and margin immediately we filed.
The lawsuit claims that in December of 2002, the connect you founders began to develop a social networking site for the Harvard community called Harvard Connection.
In November 2003, the three ads Zuckerberg to complete software and database work on the site, they repeatedly asked him to finish before they graduated in June 2004 and Zuckerberg assured them he was working hard to complete the lawsuit.
Zuckerberg then launched the Facebook.com in February 2004. Connect you started its website in May of that year by beating Connect you to the market,
Facebook in a huge advantage of the lawsuit be saying. The emergence of Facebook was an unpleasant surprise to connect you,
but the founder said a news conference of their lawyer after the court hearing. Initially we were just pretty much shocked and floored to Cameron Winkle Voss. I think there was definitely a feeling of betrayal. There's nothing worse than betraying a Winkle Voss.
Winkle Voss said the connect you founders have received emails from Zuckerberg in November and December of 2006, he was essentially finished with the coding, but they never got it from him.
He later said that they later learned by Christmas of 2003 that Zuckerberg and others started working on Facebook, but didn't tell anybody else at Harvard Connections team.
Facebook still made name was registered January 11 2004 and the beat goes on.
I like that so they gave this guy the idea and then he stole it and he started Facebook and they're pissed off and started up about it.
You ever go on Facebook? No. How about Connect you? Never heard of it. How about Connect the dots? I think that's big in Inje and it connect the dots?
Okay, dots.
863 votes on our poll. We are not going to make a thousand of these and we're pretty, we resented bitterly.
Freedom and say cheese.
Hey there, heuchi mama.
Hey, there's no Winkle Voss baby.
Oh, you swayed back. How's your big, nasty butt?
You're butt.
Butt.
Butt.
Oh, I can't wrap now, honey.
But you know what I like. I like a fat, ripped, piggy face and a lot of rosebeaves hanging down.
Brandy came short from the general awards. Why not?
It's got a big round, round, round. There ain't nothing quite as tragic as my budge ball's wide who dresses way too.
And then he's been brought to the bitchy beder and don't be having seen her news in 1982.
Is she a girl? Oh baby, gotta check my eyes.
What's that, honey?
That was the bling.
Birth, finance, and Hillary's campaign.
Wow honey. That's rude.
Birth, murd, out's money.
Oh, you've got that right, honey.
Ain't no bigger a public than my wife.
She's got big legs and a tasty waist.
Since my days all around, I'm asking you to back in the harry crack.
Oh lord, what's that hanging?
Down, down, down. Well, it's a one-eyed, wonder-to-cheby guy or just a bitch-bush lady or a boots-butt baby.
I don't know. I'm voting for the big brother wishing you a girl.
Oh baby, gotta check my eyes.
Rock solid.
From 48 at 5.60 W.A.M., 875 votes on the pool.
What a shame we're gonna have like nine something.
We're not gonna make that thousand. It's impossible.
Oh well.
Just that time of the year, man.
Didn't that tell you that we're at the beginning of the show today? Yes you did.
Wait till you hear this, my space email I've just got.
And by the way, Robert, since you have no picture, I turned you down. I'm not gonna go ahead.
He was a friend.
This is his message.
Neil, hi.
When you're in South Florida, I think it would be nice if you did a personal appearance.
Maybe at a bar in Pompo-no.
Your fans deserve a chance to see you and meet you.
I know the perfect bar, so I'll write back and I'll set it up. Thanks Neil.
I like that.
I'm gonna do a personal error next time I come to South Florida.
At a bar in Pompo-no.
The answer is no. No, Robert.
He knows the perfect bar where I'm gonna do a personal appearance.
Uh-huh. I wonder if it's a gay bar.
Oh, I sure hope not.
That sounds a little bit too gay for me.
875. You think we have any chance at all I'll pull on this out here at the SN, Chris? No.
Yeah, you never know, we'll see.
881. Oh well, if we can get over 900 by the top of the hour, then I think, you know, 881.
We need 19 votes in 11 minutes to get to 9.
Now, but first you got to get to 9 to get to 10.
That's what they say.
Get another death.
Michelangelo Antoneoni.
Who?
Antonio Ne.
And Rigatoni.
Michelangelo Antoneoni, the attendant director, who is Chilean, cancels of alienation,
were cornerstones of international filmmaking.
Sounds really pseudo-indulatory to me.
In the 60s, he died Monday.
He was 94.
And his home in Rome, he died on the same day as in Mar Bergman.
With Antoneoni, not only has one of the greatest living directors been lost,
but also a master of the modern screen, said the mayor of Rome, Walter Veltroni.
His office said it was making plans for Mr. Antonio Ne's body lie in state, Amanyana.
Domani.
Tall, cerebral and resolute serious, Mr. Antonio Ne.
Hearkins back to a time in the middle of the last century when cinema going was an intellectual pursuit.
When purposely opaque passages in famously difficult films spurred long lights of smoky argumented sidewalk cafes.
And when fashionable directors like Mr. Antonio Ne, Elaine Ren and Jean-Luc Goudard,
were chased down the Ken Waterfront by camera-wielding idiots, to maybe no one on Earth they meant by their latest outrage.
In other words, what's it all about?
Mr. Antonio Ne is probably best known for blow-up, a 66-drama, said in screening London, about a fashion photographer,
who comes to believe that a photograph he took him to lovers in a public park, also shows hidden in the background evidence of a murder.
You ever hear a blow-up?
Blow-out? Blow-up? Yes.
Oh, you did? Yeah.
Winning down, blow it out?
So that's what he's doing before.
There are dying-like flies.
That's what? Number four, number five.
There's a lot of that crap going around. I'm just talking right now next time you hear...
I'm dying over here!
You might be somebody you heard of before, somebody you care about.
But unless it's somebody you really know or somebody you know close, it's just one of those things, right?
We can't cope with all this death.
Like Tom Snyder.
I mean, once upon a time I liked him, okay, I used to watch his show and then I realized what a phony he was.
When he used to interview Madeline O'Hare's religious son, the one son that, you know, was kind of like the wayward son that didn't go along with the atheist.
And gave him all the kudos and the world.
Congratulations and welcome back to...
And then come to find out and reading about him, not on the ear, but in reading...
He was an atheist.
But on the ear he had to put on the big act.
But then again, we're entertainers and so you have to put on a lot of phony crap.
Like me, I'm straight, you know, I'm straight.
887 votes on the poll and Michael Vickers got seven of them.
I don't know. I'm thinking maybe there's a possibility here.
Chris, what do you think? It's going to be quite an assignment for the skeleton crew of a crowd we got out here.
It's kind of like 790s got every day. A skeleton crew.
So it's either the fact that it's this or maybe the fact that Jellie is on now over there.
You think, oh god!
You think, uh, that's what I'm going to do.
What do you think?
Sure, why not?
Now, if you noticed a big drop off and a response in Skeleties, then I'm opposing us.
I'm sorry, what?
I said, how's it going?
Yeah, we get so many fewer sports calls now than we used to.
Good.
So many fewer hockey calls, too, I bet.
Oh, yeah.
Washington posts details Gonzales' decade of dishonesty.
The attorney general helped cover up bushes, drug and driving conviction. How do you like that?
Once the crew, always the crew.
Remember what we said before?
What I said I was asking you about?
If somebody lies to you once, will they always lie to you? And the answer was?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
Alberta Gonzales' difficult relationship with the truth has led the calls for a special prosecutor to investigate claims that the attorney general
perjured himself during Senate testimony.
But as the Washington Post pointed out yesterday, Gonzales' honesty had had a shaky relationship stretching back more than a decade.
Whether Gonzales has deliberately told on truth or is merely hampered by his memories, been the subject of intense debate among members of Congress, legal scholars, others who've watched them over the years report the post-Dan Egan, the Amy Goldstein,
some regard is verbal difficulties as a strategic ploy on behalf of a president to whom we owes his career, others see a public official overwhelmed by the magnitude of his responsibilities.
Gonzales apparent what we missed to disassemble in order to protect himself from President Bush stretches back to at least 1996 when he intervened to prevent then-governor Bush from serving jury duty in Texas, not until its second-line paragraph, howard this is the post article of my readers that not by-
not serving jury duty in the drunken driving case Bush was able to keep his own drunken driving conviction secret for several more years.
He is a slippery fellow, I think so intentionally, University of Texas Public Affairs Professor Richard Shottold, the post- he's trying to keep the president's secrets and be a team player, even a means of pervericating, in other words lying, or forgetting convenient things.
Questions about Gonzales will miss to protect Bush in relation to the drunken driving case first were raised last year by news we investigated before to write Michael Isacov, and Bush had served on the jury who would have had to reveal his own past conviction.
But Gonzales convinced the defense attorney to ask that Bush be kept from the jury and grounds that he may be called on to pardon the defendant.
The post outlines Gonzales has recently disputed testimony regarding the Bush administration's wireless wiretapping program which has led four senators to request a special prosecutor investigation is involved in last year's dismissal of those nine US attorneys.
It's obvious that Gonzales owes Bush's career shots said part of his behavior comes from this gratitude and extreme loyalty to the Bushmeister.
He's a swall-guy.
894 we're going to do it Chris, we're going to get over 900 by the top of the hour. I think I can smell it.
Hmm, neither did I or George, it's cut in the bad cheese again.
All of the above.
Now how come I couldn't think about how he's, I mean they bring you food every day, is that a bad sign on my part?
I was under a lot of stress this weekend with that whole air candidate of my international airport business.
Don't expect you to remember our own perspective from down here you know.
I beg your pardon, I said how's it going A?
How's it going A?
Sounds pretty Canadian to me.
It's really refreshing to see that those three young guys that were sitting on the plane and one with his wife, Danher.
She was pretty hot too when you came right down to it.
Well good.
I wouldn't mind the two of them put on like a little show for all of us while we're waiting for them to fix the plane.
You know, it would have been really interesting.
If I could have spot here to do this break.
That would have been interesting.
Oh, well how come I just threw the log away to some and you think like I'm in a hurry?
See there he goes again, girl, true.
He's only got four hours twice a week all summer and he acts like he's got ants in his pants.
Got a hot date?
Yeah, oh yeah.
898 rhymes with hot date, I wish I did have a hot date.
Maybe with all three of those guys from the, I'm international.
Like I said, they got a nice crowd sitting there waiting around for hours and hours and hours and hours and hour.
Oh my god.
Don't go to that airport if you've had your life. That's my suggestion today.
If you don't want to get grilled and drilled and not so thrilled.
A boo-gar rape.
Just like that. It's like torture in my age.
Okay, it's just got the real.
And when I'm up in Boca Tika slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers there in balance one to two hours.
He took some rolls.
Numerous times.
Absolutely.
And when the press asked him, says he committed no crime.
And his team mates, they hate his guts.
Or he may be known or being alone.
Or being alone, but being a little nuts.
And he's gonna hit more and more and more and more.
He's on a champion very bad.
And nobody likes him what he on.
He's on a champion.
He's on a champion with no one is cheating.
He's on a champion.
A baseball.
Okay, it's 101.
I don't know. We got a shot at this time.
Today, I'm sure that everybody in town is sitting around at the edge of their fireplace.
Not too many people with a fireplace, but that's the problem.
904 Hode.
I wonder what Chris is thinking about this.
You think we got a shot.
We need 96 votes in 58 minutes.
That's, uh, what does Eric's thing say there?
We need 1.7 a minute to get to 1000.
Well, ordinarily, we can do two a minute, right?
Yeah.
But that's ordinarily when there's like people around.
Or people listening.
Maybe there's nobody listening to that.
Maybe it's because it's Tuesday and I'm on a year.
You think that could be unlikely?
Right.
Yeah, I thought you're called.
Maybe it's my fault because I talked too much about life from my perspective and my experiences and stuff like that.
And how I'm not gonna have no public appearance at a bar in Pompo-no.
I mean, what kind of a stupid pile of crap was that?
We've been getting a lot of that lately.
A lot of what?
Stupid piles of crap.
No, but I'm talking like I should do a public appearance.
Do private appearance.
I did a private appearance, okay?
Do a public appearance.
I'm just a good friend and I met with my other friends at my house and the people I wanted to see.
Not a bunch of goofballs from out in the No Man's Land somewhere.
I'm through with that.
That's in the past Robert, whoever the hell you are.
Probably Robert the Grand Reaper, the Lord of the Board, the one who's being hoarded with the dumb gourd.
904, we need 96 votes in 57 minutes.
It's doable.
That's the sad part.
I have a feeling that ain't gonna happen.
But the interesting part is it's still doable.
Like those three guys in the airport there and they are waiting area.
They're Canada.
They were doable.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Oh, brother.
I mean, it's so doable that I can't even put my finger on it to explain it to you.
I'd like to put my finger on it.
And then maybe a couple other fingers too.
But anyway, the debate among Washington journalists on NBC's Meet the Press Sunday,
briefly developed in a way discussion of Hillary Clinton's bosom, her boobies, I didn't like that.
I didn't even know she had any.
Did you?
I'm sure.
They gotta be alright.
I'm not too sure about that.
There might be a little something.
NBC correspondent Andrea Mitchell, who herself ain't got much of any boobies.
And if she did, who would get...
And she married Alan Greenspan?
Yes.
Good. God, what a grotesque thought that is.
Andrea Mitchell, the fend of New York Center, saying Clinton's cleavage bearing top,
recently crit-seeked by the Washington Post's fashion critic, was not as scandalous as it had been presented.
This was so marginal, this was like microscopic evidence of inappropriate attire, Mitchell said.
Inter-appropriate attire on swallery.
Wall Street Journal writer John Hartwood defended the piece saying it's appropriate to examine every aspect of presidential candidates' appearances,
because the candidates themselves scrutinize the public face they present to the world.
And in her case, she's me, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I know you mean.
Me, yes.
Not downright, not like Rosie, ugly, not like that, but just for a plain Jane looking.
909 on there.
Wow.
This is going to be a very pressure-packed hour, you know?
Yep.
When you look at the calculation that goes in everything Hillary Clinton does,
for her to argue that she wasn't aware of what she was communicating by her dress,
is like very bon-sign.
He thought he was rubbing down with Flaxseed oil, said Harvard, who's also CNBC's chief,
Washington Correspondent.
He was smearing Flaxseed oil on his leg.
Don't yeah.
Harvard was referring to reports, we know that.
He given a cream and he smeared it, he didn't know it was in it right, no it was in it.
Post-fashion critic Robin Givens, spent nearly 750 words examining Clinton's attire
during a Senate debate in an article printed earlier this month.
Clinton's campaign used the article in a fundraising appeal and it's women, which will note it.
And if Hillary Clinton can connect with women and say, you see what we have to put up with?
This is the way they trivialize us.
It helps her around just about every level, Mitchell said.
How do you like that?
This is what we have to put up with.
They're looking at our boobies and they're looking at our dress, our attire.
Maybe that was wrong around with that plane, is they need to change the attire.
Cute.
If you could have watched that scene, man.
I'm glad I didn't.
It was like something out of a keystone coughs.
And you're thinking to yourself, this is a major airline.
You know, this is Air Canada.
This is a major international airport.
Where are all the other people?
And there were a couple of other people that came along every now and then.
And stood there with their armistold.
They were supervising, you know, watching this porch left try to take the old tire off it.
They were supervising.
I could have done that.
I could have gone out there and been butch boss.
Maybe not as butchers they would have liked.
But certainly not as butchers that my friend from Air Canada, every time she went out there.
She really gave them what for.
But I better not say her name again.
While she's a very, you know, domineering kind of.
Got gal.
913 votes on the pool baby.
We need 87 and 54 minutes.
How is that ratio that could have thing 1.7 per minute and 54 minutes gets us to 1000.
If we can do this today, I might show up again on Thursday.
The ratings might come out again tomorrow.
Tomorrow, what do you think?
See you do a cameo tomorrow?
No.
I don't know.
I don't know what all depends.
What's tomorrow Wednesday?
It's really a possibility.
Yeah, I guess I could for it's coming.
It's going to walk on.
Yeah, I'm going to do a walkoff.
Oh, it's another walkoff home run.
I can't stand it.
I just can't handle it.
I cannot deal with it.
So stupid.
But that goes to show you.
It's just like the names.
Just like Coco Crisp, you know.
I mentioned to you, George, you know, there's a baseball player named Coco Crisp.
I do now.
Now, how about you?
How do you know when your name a child, when they're born?
That they're going to be like a famous musician, a lot of work.
Or you get them a real bizarre name that they will be.
Is that what it does it?
Sure, it's like magic.
In other words, maybe he stinks.
Maybe he can't play for crap.
But because his name is Coco Crisp, he's in the big leagues, baby.
We got 9.19.
I'm not going to read the result, although Michael Vicks got in the eye.
We now are down to, we need 1.6.
See if we can shave that baby down.
You ever shave that baby down?
That's coming from us.
Huh?
They're coming through for you.
Are they coming through for me?
For the old man?
Yes.
9.20.
We need 80 and 53 minutes.
See the bad thing is if we wouldn't make it.
There's nothing worse than like overestimating or having a sitting in your bar,
the bar a little bit too high, you know.
Actually, Lindsey Lohan said she likes it like down at face level.
She likes the booze right across from her poos.
So I think we're going to make it, George.
Alright.
I mean, I might know you mum or mum or mum.
Are you mumlling again?
All the time.
Don't start mumlling again.
That's what I heard.
I get in and hold it.
First thing is this, Sari.
You may have heard.
Here's Shelton out of jail.
Here's Shelton is out of jail.
Shelton says the first thing she'll do when she gets out of jail is have a big meal.
Paris is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
Hello, who is in your next Republican president for a D-Tops?
I'm here due to bunked admission rumors that I'm dying from terminal cancer.
Just forget you heard that.
Whether or not I am isn't for you to decide.
Here to back me up is my good friend Tony Snow.
Thanks friend.
Having battled cancer myself, I can stay with uncertainty.
Fred Tubbson was not born under a bad sign.
It's a strange brew that you do when you want it to.
To confer a last date and I'd refer to my sister, Buffy the Truth Slayer.
Hello.
Well, we didn't...
So, you see, there's nothing to worry about.
You can still go ahead and vote for me.
But you better vote fast.
Exactly.
What was the deal with him?
I guess because he was on television like you're always saying.
Right.
If somebody was on television, I mean when he was in a senate, it was like who's that?
Who's that bald guy?
It's always screaming in the yelling about Clinton and Janet Reno.
And nobody had any idea.
Okay, let's really put our pedal to the middle on this thing.
Chris, it's up to you, man.
The ball is in your court.
Run with it.
I'll stop it.
We've got a 1.5 perth, so we're doing it.
Oh, baby, 1.5 votes.
So there's a lot of people out there in this audience who count as a half a vote anyway.
Half a brain, what?
Come on now.
I'm assuming we got the call of Georgia.
I wish I could have heard that.
Was it really that good?
Let me ask Chris if it was that good, the caller.
It was simulating.
It wasn't.
It was surreal.
He was one of your people, one of the little Julio's.
Of course, he might have been like a beener or something like that.
He might have been.
But I doubt it.
In other words, he was one of yours.
I think I got to own up.
Oh, no.
Maybe you know him.
Maybe he's not a little bit.
No.
Or a little bit.
Maybe his name ended in the Z.
That's you Irish.
Yeah, yeah.
Now, the British do that too, as a just a Canadian thing.
No, they say Z.
Brits?
Sure.
So that in other words, that's where the Canadians suffer from that.
Because if you have a confirmation number on your flight, for example,
and you call the airline to make a change or whatever, and they ask you for your confirmation number,
or whatever they call it.
And my luck is my confirmation number when I changed over the weekend, which was bad luck to begin with,
it had two Zs in it.
And also when they write seven, do they also draw the line through the seven like they do through the Z?
Yes.
And what do that mean?
Is that like in the slot machine where you have the sevens?
There are some like purple sevens in it.
There's the red sevens in some of it like a line.
I was told.
So that that's so that you don't confuse the Z with number two, because some people make twos that look like Zs.
And in the case of the seven, so that it doesn't look like a number one, because some people's number ones look like a seven.
That's what they call B.
I see.
So the blind man.
I always feel uncomfortable about it.
And sometimes I'll say Z, and they know what I'm saying, that there are other times when I'll say Z,
because I don't want to sound like some stupid American, you know.
Although I think it's...
In fact, there was some guy when this guy was out there trying to change the tar on the plane yesterday.
And there was some Canadian guy, some other mostly Canadians, because they're not too many Americans fly or Canada for whatever reason.
They probably don't even know about it.
But anyway, and after my story today, probably none of them ever will again.
But the guy saying, oh, you know, you Americans, because there was one of the people that had an American passport.
So all you want to do is dominate the world and run everybody and blah, blah, blah.
And I wanted to say, but I bit my tongue.
I wanted to say, yeah, but there's that stupid Canadian from Americanid out there on a ground can't get that tar change.
But for all I know, maybe he wasn't Canadian.
Maybe he showed it out there and checked his passport, you think?
Checked his goods.
940.
Oh, this is going to be the tension is mounting, baby.
We need one and a half votes a minute.
We got 43 minutes for 60 votes.
Let's go everybody.
Yeah, let's get with it.
Okay, if you voted already, vote several more times.
We won't report you to the IRS or the SPCA or anything else like that.
I think Michael Vickard to be in jail right now, don't you?
This whole business, but well, you know, he deserves a assumption of innocence.
No, he doesn't.
They know he done it.
And all this grotesque stuff they did with the dogs.
I'm going to tell you right now, somebody does harm to an innocent animal.
Unless, of course, it's a really grotesque dog.
I want some of those dogs like pit bulls.
Most poor probably.
Is it most of them were?
Yes.
What do you think?
They deserve to die.
They deserve inhumane punishment, of course not.
Maybe some of the pit bulls were nice dogs.
Although I doubt it.
Do you believe the VLET is bred into them?
Well, yeah, what do you mean?
The viciousness and the, you know, combination.
I mean, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're, you know, they're, you selective breeding and then they, because all their lives, they ask for this question.
What's bred into radio sales people, huh?
Selective inbreeding.
That must be it.
Jesus, God Almighty.
All these years, 31 and a half years, you know, something it's never, now I'll say that.
I've worked for the few sales people who really gave a crap in a service they were at council who, you know, they were on top of stuff.
Like, like, Muffer example, who's not even a real sales hole.
He was the operations manager.
Then he was demoted like program director.
How did that go?
I'm trying to remember.
And then of course, Clarence Devin and back and got that job away.
And so he had a wind up being a sales hole.
And doing a damn good job, too, at least for us.
Oh, and then you know what I found out?
What?
From the professor when I was down to this weekend is that there's like 800 stations doing that have prestige on the restaurants.
Yes.
Now, were we first or not?
Yes, I don't know.
I don't think so.
And I'm sure that's due.
God's ripped it off too, because anything they do over there, it's like the fake, the fake restaurant with the fake certificate, with the fake stew gods, with the fake hand gold.
Everything is fake on here on that damn labaster, including their audience.
Including those numbers that they were fabricating.
962 votes.
Now, now I feel it.
Now I know we're going to do it.
962.
Jesus, Kate Christman, if I can do this today, tomorrow we might actually get a number.
You might start with a, oh, it'll be a number.
We'll take it.
Now, this reading tomorrow, I think I will come in for a bit right at 10 o'clock.
But then, of course, you'll have to fax me all the stuff.
I'm sure he can deal with that.
I'm not going to stay around too long.
Don't use me as a crush, because I don't want, when you come on, I want to make sure the audience hears your perspective on the numbers and on life and on, you know, this business as it is.
Do you know that's what I do while you're not here?
Yeah.
Did he say that too?
Yeah, did he know what you do while he's gone?
I could, you know something.
Like that, because for all these years, the numbers are greatness in the summertime.
We've been doing a fine job, and he put the numbers up there.
And even if you're going, I'm like that, like I said, what do I do?
Some days I do.
It's just like today, my close personal friend said, well, Liam, did you hear George?
Who was that chick that was out with George?
Like I was listening, you know?
Right.
It was a moment of weakness.
He'll be all right.
It's somebody they want to hear more than me. Trust me.
He'll be okay.
Once you get in most often, tickets, he'll be fine.
972 votes on the pool.
Oh, this is amazing.
How easy this is going to be.
I think we almost took the fun out of it now, Chris.
Hey, hey.
We don't have a lot of those real, neon biters down to the wire.
You told me, we don't have the 1000, yes, I don't count it.
973, you're right.
They're coming in the ones now.
But how many, what's the percentage?
We need seven intensive votes in the next 39 minutes to get to a 2007.
So a lot of you folks who are like seven tenths of a person, hop on it right now.
Hop online.
Hop aboard.
Like Chris Moore would say, hop aboard.
Hot dog, hop aboard.
Well, he was a J-hole.
So that means jackass.
Okay.
You can't say A-hole.
Well, you can't say jackass.
So I guess better than J-hole.
You think J-Loads got a J-hole?
Oh, man.
At least one.
Yeah.
Speaking of J.
No J.
What?
No J.
Yo.
Come on.
I see what Chris has got a good point.
Oh, 9-9-76.
There's a little chunk came in right there.
9-76.
I can't stand to hear any more about all of you above 700.
But that's down to 71.7% since Michael Hick went on there.
So I think we should get out of it.
Huh?
We should have kept the all of you above out of it.
Make them make a choice.
You said, for a guy that's supposed to be the pull nicer, you are such a schmuck.
Well, what about this one?
It's got 700 votes.
Yeah, but it's an easy choice.
We don't want to make the pull defecial like in the middle of the summertime when we're operating
with like six people out there listening and they're like banging away on this thing over and over again.
Keep voting folks.
Keep voting until we get 1,000 and you can pass out.
9-82.
You know, when I sat down here this morning about 8-15 like I do every morning.
Yeah, when I'm working, when I'm working.
We had 400 and 7 votes.
We didn't even have 500 yet.
And I thought, well, you know, what did I say to you, Chris, at the beginning of the show?
I said our goal today is like 7-800 something, remember that?
Yeah, I thought it was about 70 or something like that.
About 70?
Yeah.
9-83 now.
We may have it by the bottom of the hour the way this audience is coming through for us.
Perish Holt, 82, Barry Bond, 71.
Lindsay Lohan, 53, Drunken Slut.
No talent, Drunken Slut.
Is she lucky with actress or what?
I don't know.
I think I saw her in a movie once, maybe.
Maybe she didn't set off any alarms or anything.
No.
And in the cool 26, Brittany Spears 26, their neck and neck knows to nose.
Michael Vick and Angelina Jolie tied 11 of pieces.
At least she ain't hurtin' no dogs that I know of.
In fact, she's going around the world trying to do good.
She's a doobitter.
Angelina Jolie.
Brad Pitt says she does him good.
9-89.
So we're in.
There's an article here that's going to get some people alarmed.
I better not read it.
Will Bush cancel the 2008 election?
Question mark.
This is written by Harvey Wasserman and Bob Fattreckis.
Remember they wrote all the articles about the first election of 2000
and especially 2004 and Ohio?
I'm not going to read the whole thing or that's five pages long.
That would be really bad.
It's time to think about the unthinkable.
They say the Bush administration has both the inclination and the power
to cancel the 2008 election.
Oh my God.
The GOP strategy for another electoral theft in 2008 is taking clear shape.
Though we must assume that there's much more we don't know.
But we must also assume that it appears team Bush-Chainy wrote that
to the GOP will lose the 2008 election anyways.
It lost Ohio 2006.
We can't ignore the possibility with simply cancel the election.
Those who think this cruel law quietly away from power are simply not paying attention.
The real question is not how or when they might do it.
It is realistically.
Can we stop them?
In front of 2000, team Bush had a game plan involving a handful of tactics
with Fatt-Ascher Bush-Neghavters mentioned the GOP used a combination
of disenfranchisement and intimidation,
faulty ballots, electronic voting for ought to rigged vote count,
and an aborted recount courtesy of the US Supreme Court,
a complied algor allowed the coup to be completed.
In Ohio 2004, the arsenal of dirty tricks exploded.
Based in Columbus, we've documented more than 100 different tactics
using the steel of the 20 electoral votes that gave Bush a second term.
More are still surfacing.
As a result of the King Lincoln-Brandesville federal lawsuit
in which we are plaintiff and attorney,
we've now been informed that 56 of 88 counties in Ohio violated federal law
by destroying election records thus prevent a definitive historical recount.
As in 2000, a compliant Democrat, this time John Kerry,
allowed the coup to proceed.
For 2008, we expect the list of vote-tuck maneuvers to escalate yet again,
while already witnessing a coordinated nationwide draft
to destroy voter-rate restoration organizations
and to disenfranchise millions of minority-poorn young voters.
This carefully choreographed campaign is complemented by the widespread
use of electronic voting machines,
as reported by the GAO Princeton University,
the Brennan Center, the Carter Baker Commission,
who was representative to John Connors and others.
These machines can easily be used to flip an election,
when a doubt flip it out.
They were integral with stealing both 2000 and 2004 elections.
Efforts to make their source codes transferred or to require a
usable paper trail on a federal level have thus far failed.
A discriminatory voter-RID requirement may also serve as the gateway
to a national ID card.
Overall, the GOP will have it its command,
even more weapons of election theft in 2008 than it did in Ohio in 2004,
which jumped exponentially from Florida 2000.
The ROV and GOP is nothing if not tightly organized to do this
with ruthless sufficiency, expect everything that was used
in these past two presidential elections to surface again in 2008
and far more states with far more efficiency and many new tricks
to be added in.
I like that.
I get goes out of like,
it'll be on our way to tomorrow.
We'll bush cancel a 2008 election.
And of course they're the, you know, the complacent jackasses
off of the J-holes.
Oh, that's not going to happen to you.
You're such a cynic.
You're such a lovely and commonist, a baby.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
All right!
Thousand five votes.
Chris is right.
Nice going, Chris.
Oh, God.
Hello, Harry.
Here's your table.
This, please.
Hmm.
A jukebox.
Woo!
Haven't hit this one in a while.
Hello, Harry.
Good evening, Ron.
Where ever is some money?
Oh, she's out front trying to parallel park a broom.
Was that Lord Voldemort?
What?
In the members' only jacket?
It's just some muggle visiting the Louvre.
I suppose you're right.
You ordered onion rings.
Oh, look.
Here comes some money now.
You know, I do like onion rings a lot.
The only problem is they're breaded and as a result they're loaded
with carbs.
Sure, they're really bad for you.
They're greasy and they're deep fried.
But I sure like them a lot.
I'm going to have some for lunch today.
What do you say?
Like a big stack?
The ones that are like deep fried and beer?
Hmm.
Never had those?
Oh, yeah.
That sounds great.
10-14 old bean.
That's what we got on the pool.
Thank you very much for helping to make this a very successful day.
I think that means we're going to get like a 10-year-in-a-book tomorrow.
Easy.
You know what, then I love it.
I played it a little while ago, but I have to play it.
It's it's short.
I love it.
Not read a book.
Ah, hey, good job.
Ah, hey, good job.
First thing is this sour.
You may have heard.
Here's how to get rid of Paris Elton out of jail.
Paris Elton is out of jail.
Oh, my God.
My God.
My God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Ed hill.
Oh, my God.
Did you see him lightly?
Did we see Henry Burr?
And we know he's still alive?
No.
Because last time we'd seen him, man.
He was bigger than a house.
And...
And I was there.
So it had to be four years ago.
At least.
Oh, it's got to be more than mad.
I've been here for five and a half years.
Six years ago.
Six years ago, we'd seen him.
And he was, like it looked
like somebody stuck a bicycle pump.
Breakalimy inside of Meserstax.
Henry Burr.
We used to be very s'welled and...
you know, a lemur and full of crap.
but uh... he was fattened
full of crap
good morning america's robin robberts now the only robin robberts i know
because i don't watch those morning shows they all suck
uh... was the great
picture for the whole of your fillies which i'm sure you must be in the
hall of fame is robin robberts in the hall of fame uh... chris
who
we might have to take out of those votes back
now
they're tensed sixteen by
nice nice job folks
robin robberts the great right-handered for the fill of your fillies i think he
was also that had coach or u.s.f. their baseball program on a west coast over
there in
tampa
anyway this robin robberts he's got that she's on good morning america she's
been diagnosed with breast cancer the undergoing surgery friday
now she a uh...
sparse as they say she black and the picture she is
you know who she is
yet very likely to be on the espionne also
she's very likely to be all i do know her from the espionne that's correct
robberts forty six told us about a cancer on this morning show i'm so blessed
that if i'm this in the early stages
in the prognosis is so promising my doctor expects me to fly planes and hang
on the submarines in the middle of the lantican scale in the my impermanence in
o' time she said
if she'd be flying planes maybe for air canado be good
robberts who's going to a good morning america with dianne soya said she
examined herself and found a lump on her breast the same day she didn't report
on former gmail movie critic josego who got a column cancel last month
the network wouldn't say which breast was affected
this is on the scene on website okay
wouldn't say which breast was affected this is a different whether it was the
right breast the left breast the middle breast the inquiring mind on the
uh... do they
robberts who single says there's no history in her family breast cancer
she's forty six and she's single
what does that mean
you're very
she's been contributed a bc's morning program since ninety five was the news
reader before being named in may two thousand five is one of the shows anchors
former a bc news anchor peter jennings announced on world news tonight two
thousand five of a quality of lung cancer never appeared on the air again in
that four months later where he went fast
peter jennings
we got some great tasteless peter jennings what a life
oh i mean
tremendous for calls
those still are georgia hello
i'd air
first of all i want to thank you for channeling mr jennings from beyond the
great
i've ever noticed i'm sure you have but
uh... maybe the audience hasn't paid that much attention all all those fake
lurking uh... interview but they'll have to say callers
kind of a
right
yes so it's even on the fake bits were the not like a real show or real callers
they still have the same chronic
so i'm a peter jennings is dead but the robbert should be okay she's fine
they cut it in time
should be fine just like john Edwards white
i mean that's really something a feather in his cap to fact that
his big two campaign points is a he's got a nice haircut expensive one and
be as well as a breast cancer
and the c whatever
see this
the others
and that
thousand twenty votes on the pool we thank you for the bottom of our parts
boy if we can do as well on the ratings tomorrow's we're doing on the pool
today
we're gonna have a ballbuster blockbuster what do you think
okay
now you pay attention to these uh... updates were getting from uh... cannot
isn't that's not doing our show
uh...
no
what are you laughing about would you like them to be no
yet absolutely that could be the range positively absolutely
because i remember i would be one of her started over there they were trying
to do the same thing they were like my you remember you were there
and josega key to these dolphin reports like at the top of the art
that's a thing that what
i remember
and even during my show which was a course and that was the sport station
was just
every time
of station this market gets the ball from games it's not just
it's not just a broadcast it's an obsession it's a religious it's like a
religion of sickness
like an all-encompassing in all
whatever
maybe this time to turn profit
now you start to pick on those often broadcast you better understand we don't
do that no more
what make a profit we are so i know what they never did oh that's what what's
the name that's what uh... the easily uh... boost easily told me right to my
face
ever since we had the station to this for format we lost money over here
and i said that i myself
all i've been to what it may you never lost it because of me lost it and they
admitted him in the job jolly fed as uh... rolly joe
that's because of the ridiculous fees they pay for the broadcast rights all
these sports in like a marlins they've lost their ass on the marlins
year after year after they lost their ass
the amount of money they lost on those broadcast most of you people would kill
for
let me tell you right now they could have paid me
they could have paid poor little crisps over there poor fat little crisps
they could have given him a couple of dollar an hour a
and george
george they don't like so they're not giving him a squat
everywhere george goes for whatever reason they don't like it maybe because he's
a bastard i don't know but i mean what kind of a reason that i'd associated with
you they don't like the
no no they like the ratings they don't like the use of the gun every one around you
they love me uh... don't just see every year my anniversary that all a party
favorite that's right and like i'm i birthday
i think my last birthday you can get a card from those bastards nothing and i
mean a diversity the same the same not a card
not a magazine a book
a stripper and that book a mother scratching book
uh...
all got well i hope that that uh... young huli always listening carefully
they could and notice that i
the entire show today i talked about life and the world and things from i
perspective
not from your perspective not from christ's perspective not from fanastical
goes for some of the back for a show in the morning and then i'll
that's a good idea all uh... try to do his voice
maybe i'll maybe when we meet at that uh... pomp and oba for that personal
appearance that's right
you know some of the stuff that
these people come up with it just so
yeah and it's obvious to me that this guy is joking he's serious
rather this probably big fan
great be continued being a big fan okay i'm a big fan of a lot of people but i
don't i don't need to go meet them and greet them and bug them
i need to go bother them in addition which that business of our next time i'm
down there i guarantee it won't be as soon as this last time all brother
i enjoy when i'm there i'm enjoyed being with my friends i enjoy you know
i'm saying but i don't enjoy the travel part right
traveling anywhere now is a major pain that don't just becoming it's not
because of terrorism there were no terrorists on my flight
in fact there were those three people i wish i could have gotten me
reclossed personal friendly with real close and real personal and real
friendly you know what i mean
what is this guy i'm already maybe i do the one young guy with the wife now that
couple right there they they could have been uh you know i mean ron jermy's
making port on movies there's a hot couple like that
and they're sitting there in the airport with his cowboy head on
i mean there's something there are some guys who are just so pretty that it's
almost you know if he wouldn't have been there with a wife you might think like
hey you would you would have thought that he's just too pretty to be straight
i'm saying like like uh pretty quinn
yeah i was just thinking about jiminago talking about how unhappy gay people
and he mentioned norma can't you know that i was just you you dealing with such a moron
i'm well either one you know
well why would you say that i mean he would norma can't is unhappy do you think
norm is unhappy uh no i mean i thought he'd get for every time i think he many things
about him over the years but i'm happy was never one of them never oh there's
robin robberts in your right she's very light-complexed uh there she is
family here knows my family at home knows and very very blessed and thankful that i
i found it early and my detected it um ironically
you know if she like uh half and half is she i'd like a like light mocha or something
you know mulatto mulatto it's mulata if she's female
oh mulatto and esponial mulatto see like sparsa i don't know what's not like that
then that's like fine i wish braces got the cancer in it
god bless america and pasties and a g-string up here i'll do it
i hate the dog oh sorry
oh
and my hand makes where i think of the morning i have blown how far it can
shouldn't look like this i cannot hear the long time but the i call you meet the i call
i want it because it's a real wowser it has it's a web browser
along with one by email and i thought i'll check out every apple store from LA to day old
because i need this fucking like my dog he needs his phone look at that i call he needs the i call
i know i'm here for the i call yeah we're out
who's like we're sold out i can't be sold out because i'm sad
no you can have one in a few months i can't wait to see what the god want now
no it's not gonna happen i need that i see i know you got a way now i can't wait i'll put you on the list
oh
the god i love that color screen service light is always green
coolest thing i've ever seen
oh
i need the i call
oh
my kids will be slow
oh
they'll do it's bitch and
hold until they get the i call
i'm quick in the round i need the i call
get out and store
get out and store
okay 147 and 560 wqm now how many months do you think before the um
i call and becomes obsolete and i got something even better you know one one one one month
okay that's my guess
thousand thirty two votes on our award winning poll today
i mean yeah so big deal seven hundred and some odd
seven hundred and twenty ones that all of you but what's wrong with that they're just sick of
those people they don't want to hear about them no more
even michael vixx got 13 votes michael vixx makes them sick
i think what they ought to do with his ass is like throwing into a um
a pit with angry pit bulls you know that have an eight-and-a-week
not having had them been fed in like about a month
and just uh... tear his ass right there and of course televised on the NFL
network would be good
james rothenberg on common dreams that work he's got a political solution to the
rack war
it's become appreciated say that this is a rack work and not be one
military he says equally comfortable with a submission or a hawks who would
turn out a dime if they thought the insurgency was capable of collapsing
and does his primary objection of the war is its mismanagement trouble is
it never really was a war because there was no opposing side what was there was
known to be easy picking minimally armed and quickly demoralized
mischaracterizing the zwar appears to group credit credibility a certain
circumsets such as self defense none was needed a
case justified for terminus civil liberties what are the worth if they can be
taken away anyhow and a piece of meaning to concept such as winning and losing
you don't win something you couldn't lose extending the train of thought from
the mentioned cliche that the work cannot be one military the words now said
require a political solution and properly framing the rack
as a war benefits those responsible for no obscure the clearest path away
saner future if instead a rack was framed as the arm to salt that it was
build a shock and awe there is a logical expedient political solution
our disposal impeachment a political solution like to develop a
perspective greater than that bounded by the Atlantic and Pacific Ocean's
Americans may not be fully convinced that the illegality and immorality of our
invasion but the rest of the world especially the effect it is overwhelmingly
convinced it's unrealistic to think that the very government that displays such
unbridled hostility or rack Iran and Syria can somehow be accepted as a
legitimate interlocutor in foreign eyes we can't be trusted to come up with any
solution that will emeliorate the deep sea to the animosity toward us
that was generated by our use of force and our continuing minutes of more force
a just solution will come up without a cleansing we're fortunate to have on a
handy impeachment will tell a story about how and why we started an aggression
it'll contain subplots about a definite detention and torture and the means of
repression here at home including the suppression of the
sense this story will make us better off with the telling it's the
surest way to win the hearts and minds of those our present government
treats as if they had no hearts and minds at all if we're willing to impeach
our president vice president we're willing to admit that our country has
done wrong admit this and forget the rest
says James Rothenberg absolutely admit it absolutely
and forget the rest forget about it
thousand forty votes for our guarantee all end up by the way they agreed to
will let the Dow Jones be bought by Rupert Murdoch and
all those right-wing Nazis great really the only the only good thing about
that is the Wall Street Journal they can't make it much more right-wing than
it already is so even though Rupert Murdoch is buying up the whole world of
spread propaganda and crap
I mean if the Wall Street Journal got any more right-wing there would be
like a swastika on the front page every day
yeah oh you want nothing music so i'm watching x-immersion idol contest and
kory klerker arrested on drug charges where was that Arkansas it went by so fast
and Joe star jolens writes in grammar magazine she had gastric bypassed
between two thousand three which is how she lost all that weight and then light
about it you know everybody said oh look at the great jail he's doing what we
all knew we all knew what that she had an operation in line she had it she had
it she had it she had an ass pass back home I see
how much her ass still weighs 600 pounds easy what do you think hanks ass
weighs how many thousand pounds 30 thousand pounds the
humper's ass not good now did you guys go out I gave you an assignment
last week I bet you didn't do it I bet you let the balls drop
no I didn't do it I told you go I can get hank uh what what was the assignment I forget
computer that that's that's the one thing it keeps you safe is that I forget I give you all
these assignments so I know you know I told you at the time I wasn't going to do anything
well why not you don't care about this man we worked with a humper for what at least 15 years
like that current project is sitting in the other room right there I offered to buy
some roller skates if you'll come roller skating and he has been gonna lose some weight
hank has been roller skating oh man in the other room over here he's been a roller skating see
I think you're skating on thin cement I mean the image of hank roller skating with you just you know
somehow I just couldn't fathom it you know I mean no it's a tough one to uh pick
and you conjure it up in your imagination I'm having difficulty the humper on skate
roller jubilee roller jubilee with hank and jorge I can see it now I stop watching people on tv
over the weekend that I never seen before because every time I come to town every three four
months two months whatever it is they got everybody gets fired and they brought a whole bunch
of a new Barbie dolls on all the 467 and whatever did I tell you about my new tv did you I don't know
all sorry but I didn't pay for it I got it with my mx points you know
that's zivian points got a big 57 inch high definition to shiba
not not like my samsung it's certainly not as good as the some of the others I just thought I'd
mention that is you know because they're not a sponsor I mean to shiba is not gonna be
not so good okay got it so when you buy Josh his big screen tv is HD don't buy him a to shiba
got it probably can buy him a little part of it with a nice checker since you're with a weekend
yeah but maybe the maybe the knobs of the electric the poor plastic wrapper that
that's that's that's i do man maybe the carton of kameh it's dangerous if i am the town
i can even have five six oh w q a
pause a can you see my coyotes flashlights
cross the border today as the minnith men were shooting
drop and ice in one car through the desert of my
to the protest we marched but they just thought we were looting
and the farms were all fair the fruit waited for us there
give us a messy light and we'll pay our fair share
oh they does not understand the English you say
if i break to him and me or we say another way
i'm tired of here
