The O'Rodger's Guide.
There is a evil lurking in the aisles of your friendly neighborhood wall march, dude.
We're still ECD's cool.
But there is one man willing to wall back crime.
Excuse me, can I have your young skirt?
Oh no! It's a greeter!
Forburetor!
A senior citizen super hero that always saves the day!
Help! That man stole my part!
Don't worry! Uh, stop him! I won't want any chair and away!
The greeter!
Justice wears tri-pogals and a denture smile!
Here's your purse, Mizzy! Now, I must be going! His being going night!
My hero!
Wall march shoppers beware of falling praises!
Evil doers beware of falling prey to the greeter!
And go!
You know why the wall march very much like the Catholic Church?
Are they suck?
The only thing more evil than wall mart or the Catholic Church are those people who subsidize them.
Right?
That's the similarity that I've been seeing. I could be wrong about that.
But the look at Argus, what does a heathen old faggot like me know anyway?
Let's take a look at that schedule for today. Let's see who we got on.
We got anybody who can speak today or just a dull ex-jocks.
We got mad dog on 2-4. He's a great ex-jock.
He took a lot of showers naked with guys in Michigan, you know.
Power Hour with Hank at the mad dog together 4-5.
Hank Goldberg 5-630, my close personal Jewish friend.
Marlins on deck at 630 and the Marlins in San Luis de Cardinals at 7-05.
I get home again, I guess, right Chris?
Correct.
Well, I wish I could be there to see that.
And then game night after the baseball game with edicates at 1am.
You know, edicates here, he's there, he's gone, he's in, he's out.
He's kind of like the Gary Sarner of the broadcast.
Gary Sarner, by the way, ought to be shot and so should Hank Guerrero.
Who else do we have? It was in prison and Todd Dreck.
There were a lot of people impersonating salespeople in this joint, but nevertheless.
And most of them aren't even from Raleigh. That's the thing that I don't understand.
How are they still there?
They'll be out soon.
And then I heard Robert Greber was missing this morning.
He's sick, hopefully, with some terminal disease.
Oh, he's on vacation.
Yeah, he's saying that's how him gets vacation.
Well, yeah, he's sitting in this house.
So once on a yesterday afternoon, I get a text message from my close personal friend,
the professor, who ordinarily is very astute, but you know, we all have our days.
Believe me, I've had many of mine lately.
And he says, is that George's daughter on there with him now?
With a Spanish accent, no.
Well, no, you don't understand.
That's not the amusing part of it.
It was really...
Because the idea that at any time, forgetting about a day off,
at any time, I'm sitting in here listening to the radio.
You were me, both.
It's so ludicrous as they say the music, but it just was a music.
Thanks, professor, for a very good chocolate.
I had a belly laugh, whatever that means.
Like, like a badass jolly joe likes to do in a belly laugh.
Like Sandy Claus.
Speaking of goofballs, a 38-year-old man was arrested after he called 9-11.
So who was it? Was Lucy Lopez?
Lucy from Power-A-6.
Who was in their last week talking to me before the show.
How she just loves me.
She does.
Everybody loves me.
She listens to the whole show pretty much.
But she made it while we love Lucy.
And thanks for coming in holding judges.
Oh, I can't thank her enough.
That was a nice touch.
Mm-hmm.
I was touched.
Were you?
It's a couple times.
I hear you're trying to get a little ash-ingle with Josh Curtis' girlfriend.
Now, is that a Joker in that career?
Not a little, actually.
I want a lot of you to pull, though, and I wonder what kind of a bull-crap pull is that?
I've been burning a candle for her for a long time.
Have you?
You should see where I live.
Whiskey, maybe she'll bring the vodka.
She's got the hugeest natural cans I've ever been in the presence of.
Mm-hmm.
And she's pretty.
Pretty what, drunk?
I hope so.
So what has he gone with that money that I gave him to lose?
He's going to Vegas.
He's leaving this Thursday, so I'm taking his girlfriend out Friday night.
No, you're not.
I am.
What do you mean you're taking her out Friday night?
I'm taking her out to a nice little white dinner.
What does she say about this?
The wife.
What does she say?
I don't know.
What did he say about that?
She says...
She says...
See, she can't bitch more than she already did.
See, in Georgia's world it's not his wife or my wife or it's the wife.
The wife.
The dog.
That's right.
The old man.
Good thing about me, though, with you having the old man for like 15 years?
Forever.
You had born the old man.
Do you know?
This is very aggravating to me.
I find out that there was a call to my house down there a couple of days ago.
I was going to go to the office and I was going to go to a letter and I guess it was from the Social Security Administration.
Oh, inviting me to call sometime in the next seven days because of November 5th.
I'm going to be eligible to collect Social Security even though I'm working and have a modest income and all of these.
But...
I like that.
Talk about feeling old.
Hey, take advantage of it.
Get your senior citizen discount card out.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Sunny.
I don't...
I hate to say this but I don't...
I'm not too crazy about old people.
You know, it's talking about South Florida old people.
A lot of old European people here like at Woodbine, hate like poison, they smell bad, they're very rude, they stand in your way, they bump you.
When they sit down in the chair next to you, they go out of their way to make sure that they bump you and practically knock you off your chair.
And they stink.
There was a Russian woman I swore to you.
A couple of days ago I was there and I had a pretty good street going there for a while but...
He can't win every day, you know, it's one of those things.
But I swore to her, she cut cheese that was so bad that even I mean...
It was...
It was sipping in my nostrils.
You know what I mean?
By steeping it, it probably...
I know.
I don't know.
That Eric...
Like the police would say, every breath you take while every breath I took was just...
I was gagging and gasping for oxygen.
Please, somebody bring me an oxygen, thanks a lot.
Oh, God.
And I thought to myself, you know, they have very, very nice...
A washroom is here, it would bind all over the place there everywhere, you know.
And it would be nice if nature is calling, go and use one and get all of whatever that is out of your system.
They're from life and police, stop doing that.
She continued doing it and losing her ass, that was the good part.
A 38-year-old man was arrested in Largo.
What a place that is, man.
After he called 911 and told her the spectra he was surrounded by police officers needed help.
Police officers met Dana, Farrell Shelton, after being caught.
Did you see this a couple that their kids were starving enough because they were busy playing Dungeons and Dragons?
Did you see that?
The wife told me about that story this morning.
The wife?
The wife.
I'm not going to read the story because everybody's seen it already on TV and it's too depressing for you know.
Sure.
Everybody can reproduce.
It doesn't take any great, you know, aginuity, any great skill.
Sometimes even my accent babies.
And the worst people are making the most babies, you know.
That's right.
That's right.
The only cell phone, for you to get about global warming and all this other crap.
The only hope for the human race.
Police officers met Dana, Farrell Shelton, after being caught to investigate the disturbance that had been barged on it.
So was that your daughter on yesterday or what?
Yeah, but there were no problems until they moved along.
Your daughter was speaking Spanish.
She was talking to you.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Now, if I say something that shouldn't be on the ear, you'll have to dump it, you know, right.
But I think I know all my work.
I know you do.
Shelton who obviously said appeared intoxicated, then called 9-11 to report he was surrounded by
Largo Police according to the arrest of David.
Our officers were standing there scratching their heads.
He called standing there in their presence.
logo sergeant Melanie Holley said it's one of our truth is stranger than
fiction cases. They were saying they're wondering what is the reason you call
911 to tell me surrounded by the police that's because he was drunk. The
children with charge with Mr. Vener use of 911 the charge carries see now I
guess I'm not supposed to say 911 911 excuse me there you go right that's right
correct get it right. I'm going to be on the line right the charge carries a
maximum penalty of a year in jail and a thousand dollars and fines how do you
like that. Thousand dollars and all we're fine. Dan Stewart by the way is still
among me at dead and I can't believe that for all the people that we've worked
with we've we've outlived them. Now I don't take any great joy in out living
Dan he was pretty good guy except for the fact that he came on the year and
you know was flunting his uh... faggyness or whatever that day they went I don't
know what that was all about. Yeah I don't think we owed me money. He owed you money
how much? 50 bucks. Oh I'm not like Stan Major though. No no but it's relative.
50 bucks means much more to me than two grand. And two grand.
To me that's too grand that I gave. He's the 50 bucks right now. That would be about 50
grand now by today's currency. And thanks to George W. Bush the American dollar is
worth about a peso now it's worth a squad so the Canadian dollar is almost even
came dollars at a 30 year high which is bad news for me bad news for me it's like
96 cents or close to it. In fact I could look it up now but it would be too depressing.
Okay how does that George's poor yesterday come out? Red this is no this sounds like
a Charlie B pool to me. It was. I knew it. See I can always tell not that his
pools are always bad this was okay but that's fine. He's got kind of like a
format to him you know I mean they're that's fine better than what I can come up
with. Well please set us all up much more Charlie B and Sean and everybody else
with your pool right. Please if I had to do it all over again I'd want a different
blank boy there's a lot of obvious things that missed from here too late now how
about job sure boss yeah penis I'm fine I'm gonna let's see I want to say
this I've gotten now 220 to everything. Yeah there everything to be this.
What do you people are so full of crap. I know you can be a lot saying just
because I'm slightly incoherent today because I slept about five it's a
different spousal 99 height 76 weight 69 I'll take that different parents 48
I voted for that. Me too. All of these things. All of these 30 23. Nationality 17
sexual orientation 15 not this old queen. Oh thank you gender 15. See that's
one thing about you straight people I'm not talking about you you know
specifically but I just I've discovered my personalized instance that most
straight people think they've gave people all want to be straight this is true
but some of us have never thought that I find most amusing and right
distressing most disturbing and most some would have called explain that the
people that voters and humanly or you take all those great calls tomorrow and
you show that's right you guys that tomorrow yeah is ill uh is it yeah
Tobi Trenora's El Primero de Augusto okay and that's today the spring book
comes up is it if I had to do it all over again I want a different different
siblings 14 different kids 11 a different skin color
so lamented quadru out of 619 votes 619 we got 594 already this morning Chris
I put this pull out there about six last night whenever as opposed to you
who wait until you know moments before to show them you put up a oh yeah I can't
figure out why we can't get a thousand votes no I never say that I know but I do
no Chris does Chris says oh yeah all the night calls me up he said he text messages
and says yeah I can't understand why do you pretend to take care because he's
scared he is still yeah I don't blame him I would be too if I get in the
picture like he was I'd be scared all the time you know it if I had you know a
body with that kind of weight to support and sustain and maintain I'd be really
scared while I look at that being dropping it when I looked at that stub that's
I get scared when I look at this stub 12 minutes after 10 to 560 WQA in happy
Tuesday to is one of those Tuesday and Thursdays in the summertime I
sure liked it a lot better when I had the whole summer off but you know not
complaining you understand especially if the next show up next Wednesday next
Wednesday by the ways of 25th maybe we ought to start working on Jolly Joe and
on accounting right now is deb back from a vacation I hope I don't know what
goes on on that side I'd like to be prepared now I can take a check doesn't show
up again on time next time because they ought to be prepared for it too
the
is back with a frightening movie every parent should see it is our children who
are the most affected by global warming greenhouse gases lead to red eyes
cotton mouth and sadly the munchies an inconvenient arrest leading scientists
agree CO2 in the air makes it impossible to fear the speedometer that's our
story and we're sick and too and inconvenient arrest the planet is suffering and
Elrower has the prescription even if other family members don't there are 12
steps we can take to fix things like using low carbon rolling papers and
driving at floors speed like under 100 miles per hour on short trips and I've
got a cool idea for the movie post it's penguins right but they're like in
a desert man thanks for showing up out junior once again you've got perfect
timing but you can bring it a rest it's time to bust global warming and get
it some treatment test 17 at 5.60 WDQM on a great Tuesday the 17th L
day L who do you know and whatever that is we got 608 votes on the full already
George I bet you're impressed by that no we're not gonna make no thousand
today Chris sorry he left the room for some reason did he really how is that
let me say it again Chris we're not gonna make no thousand votes today I'm just
telling you that right now so you just breathe easy but on your case when you're
as fat as you are I think breathe easy is unlikely I know fat believe me six
hundred ten votes look at that they're coming in and chunks now maybe they want
to prove me wrong again this is this poll is from Sean Sean the pool
master not from Charlie B and as far as you know George and yours truly if you
think we're coming up with any polls anymore forget about that right I mean
well we've exhausted our pull a prowess I think and when you get to be as old as
I am believe me your pull prowess ain't what it used to be what's the worst
thing about your boss six hundred ten votes I have a great boss hundred and
eighty five I think all those people probably think that these votes are being
traced the they're not huh they're not oh I don't know but why else would they
say that do we ever have a great boss or did you I did when I worked for
Dick Casper and when I worked for Gary Lawrence when I was a paper boy and I
worked with Sid Levin I'll sit was I always don't want to sit a little bit because
he gave me my start in the market but I don't know if he was a great boss because
he worked for you call a cats in time but within the limits within the
parameters of you know two hundred bucks a week two twenty five I'm sorry I said
two twenty five and then when I expanded my show from instead of three to six
to two to six I got all the way up to two hundred and seventy five bucks a week
whoo and that's something for the extra hour I guess thanks said now he's good good
people sit a little bit he's still alive isn't it I started talking about all
the dead people we work with let's make a list of all those when we finished
this that'll be a long list micronary bill called her Dan who is the
and our complex guy that got electrocuted I would be that kid in the special
teacher yeah yeah I like to cutie was like a kid right who else is dead well
people you would know like a junior Harper from I and Z and on the receptionist
the her Nancy Sonny Hershey's dead they would Dave what's his name from the
Harold who used to love me right Dave what was his name he had diabetes oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah now that's bad they they mean they're the performing part I
know I know but I know that building after him well you're seen all in
I'm high so I'm on it sounds like I'm high and you're the one that sounds like
you're seeing now they've somebody on them that's not good that's very bad we
see was he was great to me he wrote all these kind it was maybe my number one
groupie all years I've been on the year in the market Dave what's his name he's
dead that was a real shocker to because he was like thirty some odd years old
right like thirty nine or something Dave what is it Dave Hyde yeah Dave Hyde
yeah Dave dot Dave I don't know at an awful babe but he's been dead a long time
too he was fat what's the worst thing about your boss have a great boss one eighty nine
you know nothing I'm sure his name was Dave no I'm not oh I mean who's a
guest on the show like my way in time who is it was it Michael no no you're
thinking of Michael Puteney yeah we don't like him he's I mean I don't dislike
him he just isn't belonging on here he's a student like to you know I'm very
dull dull and boring he's kind of like the Kimba Volkampere of TV news you know
dull I am the boss one forty eight so he put those two together it doesn't leave
a whole lot for negativity about your boss I think they really believe that
these are being traced right to their right to their PC must be he's an a
whole eighty four well that's a little bit the harsh don't you think all
probably true he's an a whole eighty four he doesn't support his people fifty
five he's ungrateful thirty five he's not as qualified as me thirty four
roles or any doubt about that my case no he's cheap twenty eight he takes
credit for the work of others twenty eight he's a middle-er nineteen I think I
okay
let's get that on the right way Chris he's incompetent non-compassed we miss
okay cuz that would certainly be my vote incompetent although we did that really
go to work for a good that check you know the day after was supposed to be in
my in my hands
hell of a guy you're heck of a guy there jolly joe he means well I guess you
ask him you're trying to he means well although in your case I don't
probably means evil because he wants those tapes on here
one thing about Q a m and they don't like you on the air no that's alright they
don't like anybody on the air that doesn't talk got well I guess they don't
like me they don't like about stupid they don't like the way they don't
cost the back room you know those sale seminars their your name never comes
up in emotions meeting goals and meeting in any of your name never comes up
this show doesn't come eat this and you can rearrange those four letters
anyway you want anyway that's in my feeling about it not I'm holding back a
little bit because I don't want to say anything bad you know massacre in a
rack now who wrote this is this oh this is not the column it's a story
well as things are going so well over there and we have these ongoing debates
about well is the surge working we got to wait till September till the report
oh my god I what was that drug that we're talking about the
salvia or saliva whatever it's all currency and in salvia I think everybody's
on it everybody in America and especially the people in the media I mean is
there a debate on whether things are going well or whether we belong there in
the first place or whether we relied into it or all these people were used as
human sacrifice is there any real debate about that no of course not it's like
having a debate about God you know or about the Jesus and about the Moses and
about the Holy Moses all that crap you know dozens of Shiite villagers in
north were massacred by Sunni extremists to officials said that they while a
car bomb exploded across the street from the Iranian embassy in the heart of
Baghdad and killed four civilians they're dying like flies they're the death
is what's urging the death toll meanwhile Shiite legislators loyal to Andy
U.S. cleric Mokta al-Sauder decided to end their five-week work on a
parliament one of their leaders be saying that she had protest along with the
separate Sunni work had a black work on key benchmark legislation demanded by
the U.S. they're acting like a bunch of barbarians like a bunch of religious
lunatic and they want to kill each other just like he is really in the
Palestinians I say have a good time bring our people back and get them out of
there get on a harm's way I don't recall any Iraqis being sent to America during
the Civil War in 1861 do you know I could be wrong about that well I don't you
know my memory is good as it used to be yeah well what's your guys name again
that wrote all those I wasn't Dave anyway that wasn't right Sam Lee did on the wrong
path it wasn't Dave I don't know no no it was not Dave it's all it's on the
tip of my tongue I can see him because he was on the show Bill Cosworth see that's
supposed to that's it well that's that I don't know how to go with that Dave
crap how'd you come up with that I you know it's one of my favorite names yeah
you heard me say Bill Kear that was a shocker he was a young guy and he had
diabetes and and when my wrong or was sunny I heard she also the same thing was
diabetic which I never knew when he wasn't taking his medication and he just
a little yeah I mean that I mentioned Dick Casper has also been dead for many
many years he was a great a good friend and a great broadcast he really knew
the business that would that's for me when you work for somebody that really
understands the business and I mean he used to be a salesman many many years
before when I worked for him it was just news before that but he was a
programmer he put I and Z on the air is all news he put WNWS on the air is all
talk early so I talked him into the all talk for it and he was great because he
he talked the business he talked radio talk as opposed to the people we talk
work for now we just talk ball games and Josh straps and you know crap they
talk a lot of crap I mean even a fact like me as much as I love you know like
Brady Quinn and some others there others who look pretty good but you know I
am it's just out that important to me anymore and maybe when I was a little kid
it's okay for a little kids you know take me out to the ball game and let's go
I'll get some peanuts and crack rejects and crap like that you know it's not
that important but on these two stations who and we'll get to the stuff about
guilty right we've got four thousand stories about the panthers and about
guilty me anyone in the white because it's very important stuff
you can spot that one
I don't think we can play this one but Bob Lacer is dead thanks Brandon how
could I forget
I just say out of mind something
do chief oxygen like that we'll see I don't remember anything but maybe this is
new one but I don't remember I find out
I don't want to
I don't want to
I don't want to
I don't want to
I don't want to
absolutely
let's make the son our sister station
no
and bring the blood in here today
and if the clap man could lose another kid
he'd have more boring songs to play
blah blah
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah blah
the biggest man in the world today
blah blah
he's bigger than the post-blow bell
his eyelids are the most blah blah
the biggest man in the world
see now why would you tell me I shouldn't play that stuff in there that's not that it was the one that
where last year starts going nuts and call it do chief boxes and a holes and stuff like that
that's another bit let's find that one in place let's do it
648 votes on the pool he's incompetent one vote for that that's all only one person out there got a boss who's incompetent
oh I guess you voted
anyway Bob Lanceter I don't want to pick on Bob not that he's departed etc but it should be a listen to all you fat people out there including me
I got to be honest with you I felt better when I was fatter really I'm 184 now again I've lost more weight
well this is called aggravation I was just going to say it must be due to
non-related circumstances yeah not but and my blood sugar has been pretty damn good
for quite a while or for about three weeks it was sensational now we just say it's pretty good
I felt better when I was eating ice cream well I had to unpack my skinny pants because I've dropped so much
my normal pants are fallen off of me I don't have any skinny pants
maybe she go get some but I was starting to say Bob Lanceter was the not the only person I think I've maybe
hasn't never looked at other people but he had his eyelids were fat that's why a guitar man put that in the song
he had fat eyelids that's fat and of course he's dead I just mentioned that you know all you
poke his out there that think you can keep fooling mother nature for and he died a grotesque he went out not well you know
for you very sorry yep anyway here's the big story this is what makes news in South Florida
guilty that makes new oh my goodness some of my sports entertainment are photo panthers chief operating officer Michael
Uramark before we get to guilty there actually is a story that combines the two but they wouldn't take up as much time
I sure don't want to do that by very jackass in today's hero and you know don't send it to me I saw it
oh we have 1476 my space friends by the way I noticed during the summertime a lot of them are missing
their MIA maybe missing an action a lot of my personal friends got the other year maybe you think it's because I'm
going on Tuesday and Thursday in the summers at it or maybe they got out of town like all the smart people yeah like me
boy I want to come in the way let me say I'm only on twice a week during the summer months but those of you
who have to be there during especially this anytime is bad no but during this time there I send along my heartiest
condolences I feel for you and there's some of you I really do feel for you anyway Michael Uramark
in conjunction with prime time media group announced yesterday that sports talk 790 the ticket
well since when they've been sports talk well where that start that's gonna be I thought we were sports talk
I thought they were just the ticket anyway the ticket 790 be the new home for the photo panthers hockey
the same games and now who wrote this crap in a sunset I want to see who wrote doesn't say I don't blame you for being anonymous
the panther hockey games in the market where the games got like chairs at night on the station a year after
a year and we finally said that's the one thing you got to give a high marks to jolly joe or whoever made that decision
because even though it's for its we don't want it marlin's even though it's for its after this season we don't want it
losing our ass on that crap the ticket will be the new home for the panthers hockey games
other than the agreement 790 the ticket broadcast all you need to record a season games and playoff games
to the 2009-2010 season and it can suffer to continues being a bastion of mediocrity
waiting here with their considering to be the new broadcaster on radio since gildey's going to TV you're just gonna cry
as the number one sports talk radio station staff for the 790 the ticket is decided to be the home of the photo panthers
said the aligning Joel fineberg number one in what I am pigmies out of four feet tall what are you talking about you fool you idiot you do fairy
Joel fineberg president of 790 the ticket said we look forward to a great partnership with the team that is poised to make a run at the Stanley Cup
I got news for you baby it's kind of hard to run make a run to Stanley Cup when you never make the playoffs idiot
schmuck schmuck gg
shlamazle idiot he understands all those words he's a Jew boy like me
do you know that just the new partnership also includes weekly panthers team related programming
oh that ought to give big numbers and expanded exposure for the many entities associated with the panthers
and sunrise sports and entertainment the panthers will ever 30-minute pregame show pride all week they games
at the beginning with the 730 puff drops as what can I call joy since he we can say puck no as well as a 50 minutes hold in wrap up show an edition
seven out of the ticket were 60-minute preseason special a weekly 50-minute panthers radio show that will include interviews
with players coaches and team personnel and a one-hour panthers weekend edition show I wonder if my voice TV wife is going to be there
or maybe what's his name dola concert I can't believe that you forgot Bill cost for that's bad sorry me me forgetting it that's because I'm almost on social security for Christ's
I'm a daughtering old fool look what work for seven I own an echo this is a press release this isn't a like a an article written by some objective a journalist this is a press release
seven ninety the ticket is the South Florida markets only 24 hours sports station which is a shot at me because that's right we have the highest rated numbers on either of the two stations
but of course whoever wrote this can be bothered to put that down Europe their limits on here and you're up it radio light as opposed to just talking about the same jackasses with jacks
over and over and over and give it a ball give me the ball and I may be a literate your like using boil and otherwise Christine scene of sports and it says they're hosted by some of the most recognizable
I'm respected names in South Florida sports including Danny LaBaster boy and Stu got's oh yeah I mean does it you you stop anybody on the street quarter and say hey you know Stu got's and I look at you and I probably shoot you
said Rosenberg reviled by anybody even close to human move chambie who I believe is leaving if I think Joe Rose who it definitely is leaving and Kevin Rogers who stole my name
and it goes on about the programming with all this this is just a puffies you know it's really interesting how we put all these sports writers on the
year on the station to destroy our ratings and to bore the audience and yet the other place across the street take it all the press they get all the ink
we get this thing they get the ink or is Jimmy the rainy would say the ink a dink of do I get it now well we see a talent or what I don't know war and I just had to cover the balls
by that a big nose had a huge snows and he could really think a lot of piano I was respect guys who can think a lot of piano
yeah okay oh man and then of course well after the break we'll give the thing about guilty guilty
and let's see is he on right now well to give him a little bit of promotion I think he's on right now until noon if you want to feel like
guilty turn over to us seven I love him he's on there now talk about a stiff competitor though aren't you scared that he's on over there against us now
I think I'm getting the morning and they got guilty in there and of course Joe Rose well I'm freaked out you know be afraid be very afraid I'd be terrified to have to be up against the
elder master maybe he can do a lot of hockey talk but we'll get to that after the break because I know it's very important stuff it's about sports
even though of course nobody in South Florida gives a flying crap about hockey because I don't know are they too stupid to understand it too lazy to go and learn
something about a real sport with real man well there you go let's get some least Canadian hockey for 100 years ago with Bill Hewitt let's get that on it
I want to go see we got hot what do you say something about your Johnson we can put that on here if you don't like that game
that's that's it. Oh this one's in commercial I'm sure we got more here on leaf TV
I'm going to have this one time right and get all the compass in on it. There you go. Now that's little league can't let the panthers minor league
yeah they're going to make a run of their poise to make a run of the same cup. Joel I think you're suffering from the runs is what I think I think you are a crazy person
like that. Yeah that's quite a cool that they got and when they get the marlins boy they put that together with the panthers then they got a really one two punch
you know what I'm saying although I don't think they'll get a one or two with the panthers more like a zero but that's okay they're kind of used to that
Dr. Slum Dunk Childhood Obesity this station presents Cherokee O'Neal's big challenge tip of the day
Hey Keef is that a eating them whole hose? Ranae apples
Stay tuned to this station for another Cherokee O'Neal's big challenge tip of the day
1045 or speaking to him. No not him guilty. Sunrise sports entertainment this is just another press release
Steve Geltie guilty. He named FSN Florida play by playboy. He's Florida panthers. Michael your mark announced yesterday that Panthers radio broadcast
Steve Geltie. Geltie. Geltie. Geltie. Geltie. He's been named as the team's new TV play by playboys. He'll team with four times stand the cup champion in a hollow famed goofball then a pot van.
Real dumb frog on FSN Florida when the puck drops for the 2007-2008 season October 4th at Madison Square Garden at MSG
The panthers return to South Florida for their home opener at the Yanta Center Saturday October 6th and PM against the New Jersey Devils
Geltie. Geltie has been a trusted voice in South Florida hockey since the team conception we feel that this is a natural progressive room said you are a mark.
A trusted voice. What it was that mean? I trust him. You trust him? You trust him? You trust him?
He's a very good voice. He's done tremendous job on a radio broadcast over the past years bringing to the airways a passionate dedication that resonates with our listeners.
On top of that Geltie's commitment to the South Florida communities have been proven through years of all interiors and fundraising which is something that is imperative without organization.
That's what's important with the organization. Not winning games, not getting to the playoffs, not rewarding the long suffering fans with a really quality product on the ice, but that's imperative to our organization.
Steve is a terrific talent and the South Florida personality who knows hockey the NHL and most importantly the panthers very well said, Kathy Weedon Sr.,
Vice President Joe Manjure, FSN Florida and Sun Sports, we're excited to have a person of Steve's abilities available ready to take over the Playback Play Mike on FSN Florida.
Geltie in 37 spent the last two years as the radio playback playboy of the Florida Panthers, part of him named the radio voice.
He spent the previous nine seasons as host of the Panthers pre and pre and pro games show. The decision served as the in Arena Studio host and provided the Yentra Center crowd with intermission updates throughout the game.
He also currently serves as a radio host on Sports Talk 790, the ticket. It doesn't say a word in here, oh there was, it's written in the ass end about how it used to be on the station.
The Florida Panthers organization has been wonderful to work for and I'm very pleased to get this new opportunity said Geltie.
I really enjoyed my last two seasons working on the radio broadcast team along with Randy Molor and Jesse Agler.
Now my focus turns to making our fans were watching at home get a sense of the excitement that Panthers hockey has to offer as they discipline once again season after season for a very good reason.
Now let's see, somewhere in one of these articles I guess I skipped over in the previous article they're considering for the play by play to replace Geltie on radio. Randy, ready Randy Molor, a goofball.
I mean just totally absolutely this idea that guys who did color and did it very weakly too by the way are going to be play by play guys.
It's again partly jackocracy and partly watering down of what used to be a great industry sportscasters even though George you know would know anything about that but you know there used to be some really great people and now who's this naked guy they got there in a towel on the beach.
You see that? I see that?
Oh he sure does.
Let me take that towel off and let's see what he's hiding under there. Let's see if he's a pistol pack in that mama or something like that. Remember that song, of course not.
677 votes under the pool. What do you think Chris? What's our goal today? 50 about 700.
Yeah, that's safe. What's the worst thing about your boss? I have a great boss one idea. Well, yeah, we're very happy for you. I like that. I am the boss 167. Well good for you. Good to gumdrop.
He's an A-hole 88. He doesn't support his people 59. He's not as qualified as me 42. He's ungrateful. He's an ungrateful son of a bitch 38.
He's cheap. How many people say he's cheap?
About 30, man. He takes credit for the work of others 29. He's a midler 20 and he's incompetent 6. Well, that's 0.8.
That's more than the Panthers are going to get over there across the street. I'm thinking they're going to get like 0.3 and 0.4 is maybe.
And don't you think that's the question of why they signed for that crap for the Panther broadcast on radio and nobody listens?
Isn't that the question? What's the point? It's a good question.
And I'll tell you what the point is. That's the little dot, the little decimal in front of the number that they're going to have in front of the wonder the two or the three or maybe in front of the.
Oh, it could be a point. Oh, we had there that one hour in the winter book. Remember 11 o'clock at night? We had a point 0.1 hour 11 o'clock at night.
We had no, that means nobody's listening. That means it's just like an exercise, like a dry run.
I have the dry runs. Yeah.
670 votes on the pool on our award winning pool here on nearodgers.com. We should mention that more often.
And I think the real goal is to get by the end of this week. We'd like to get to 1500 MySpace friends on there.
It's probably not a good idea because during the summertime and you people have sent in the app that you know applying to be friends or a friend request with no picture.
Forget about it. I'm going to voice my time with those anymore.
You know what I mean? What do you mean? I don't look to see if there's a profiler. If they're not going to take the time in the trouble to put a picture on there to identify themselves as a living, breathing, human being.
I just, I turn it down. No, no way. Go away. Like that.
Another of those people have sent me messages on there. Nearod, I sure like to be one of your friends here on MySpace. Can you tell me how I do it?
Have you ever seen any of those? No. How do I have to go about doing that?
Probably where it says friend request on there, you know, like have somebody read it to you and then finger it out.
But there, you know, a lot of nice people on there too.
Well, the story that people ought to be talking about, but they won't because it's very bad for business.
Negotiators completed a historic deal Saturday evening that settles the legal claims in more than 500 victims of a sexual abuse by Crojie and the Reuters.
The Roman Catholic Arts Dices have lost angels and of course they have to put in the LA Times or the New York Times alleged sexual abuse because we know that these things don't really happen in the real world.
And certainly not the little boys, the older boys being less than that.
That is for damn sure. Just go to highly and they'll be screaming in the streets. A lot of screamers there, especially at Wiesland in JC Penny doing limbo rock in the tea room, crawling underneath the bathroom stalls and doing really nifty stuff.
The total of $660 million, you realize that they get there's a total of almost $3 billion they paid out because of these p-to-files.
Right. That's on the phone.
Almost $3 billion now. That's a lot.
And I want you to stop and think about the enormous number of Catholics living in a lot of impoverished countries. You know, like in Latin America for example.
It's good that they suffer. It helps them go to heaven when you suffer.
It is well, that's good. Because they're not helping you.
Probably could put like some dog food on their table or something like that for Pedro, you know.
The total of $660 million bucks by far largest of any settlement nationwide from the five year old Purgey abuse scandal, representatives of both the church and victims confirmed the average payout will be in excess of $1.3 million.
The settlement is complete and not screaming Boucher, the lead attorney for victims.
Boucher, frog. Some of the victims awaited more than five decades for a chance of reconciliation and resolution.
This is a down payment on that long overdue, he said. All those fancy, shmancy words.
The deal comes as the church and its insurers face tri-est today for the first of the claims by 14 acknowledging the church failed to protect them as boys from all the station by a parish priest.
Cardinal Roger Mahoney, who's a real thing bad of Los Angeles, could not be reached.
But his chief attorney, Jay Michael Henigan, had confirmed the agreement was imminent earlier in the evening. It was imminent.
Perichan says it will not be touched and the mission of the church will not be impacted but not crippled. He said, well, that's really unfortunate.
There will not be crippled. We can't put these bastards, these brave robbers, these child molesters out of business once and for all.
Henigan said the church will pay $250 million in cash with the balance coming from insurers and religious orders.
Boucher credited the Mahoney with his willingness to release key church documents in the cases, saying his action was vital in resolving the litigation.
Boucher said it will be 70 to objections by individual priests.
Hey father, can you help an old alter boy father? You pervert. Now I take that back. I admire perverts. Well, there's another word.
You phony, you hypocrite, you bastard, you... You fair.
That's good. The settlement we formal announced, I guess it already has been.
Earlier Boucher is representing 242 the plaintiffs in the LA, cases in his co-counsel Lawrence Dreevon is at Drive On.
Drive On Lawrence said in the telephone interviews with the Times that the deal was imminent, but cautioned it could still dissolve. Well, it's all done.
This article is from over the weekend. That's why there are sentenced in a hood that seemed like, you know, past due, expired.
Kind of like those people we were talking about, expired, like poor Bill Cosford. Well, he was a good guy.
Not just because he was a big fan of mine. He wrote one time, he wrote a column, a whole column, just about my broadcast of Hurricane Baseball. Remember that?
No, no, it's before your time. That was on W. Just snooze. That was a whole column about that.
And if it had been during my time, I still wouldn't have remembered because it was about Hurricane Baseball.
Well, I take that as a personal shop. Well, I'm going to be a detective. I'm going to be a detective all over the place today.
I'm not a detective. When I'm really down, my friends are turning on me badly. They feel really bad.
You believe me? No.
Anyway, Drive On said the primary motivation for the RFS Dices is to settle. That is to subsist to likely...
...but it'd be a bit of a bad move if they didn't resolve the cases they're going to get hit for more than 650 million bucks.
In the past five years, the RFS Dices of Miami has settled more than 46 abuse suits for millions of dollars.
Jeffrey Herman, a South Florida attorney, represented plaintiffs in some of those cases, said the someone being discussed in LA, reverberates with him in many ways.
This is a victory for the victims. It's holding the RFS Dices responsible for the victims here in Monsign.
But it's not a happy day or celebration because the horrors were too much.
It goes on at great length. But then again, this is just like we told you before.
It's typical of the iceberg and every once in a while, it spirts out, so to speak.
It spirts out in the media grabs a hold of it and they put it in the air.
It's a little bit here and they put the spotlight on it and it's back off.
Back into the darkness. Back into the darkness.
Dark Thompson's got a good combo of how unusual is that. That's not unusual.
Angry words over an emotional issue about the debate between Lindsey Graham and Jim Webb.
Lindsey Graham, you know, he's a drool in Yehu, you know what I'm saying?
Lindsey Graham? The ill boy? A hint?
If I could begin to tell you what I feel about Yehu's, man, it's just not a good thing.
I should probably do something to deal with that.
Shouldn't I get like therapy or something to deal with my feelings about Yehu's?
No, you should roll with it. Just go with it.
Roll with a bunch of us, right?
686 on the floor, Chris says we can make 700 today if we really push it.
Well, that's not it.
Like Howard Snellenberg, we'll say we're pushing it.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the brain.
Any questions?
The ill boy is back with a frightening movie every parent should see.
It is our children who are the most affected by global warming.
Greenhouse gases lead to red eyes, cotton mouth, and fatally, the munchies.
An inconvenient arrest.
Leading scientists agree, CO2 in the air makes it impossible to fear the speedometer.
That's our story and we're sick and too.
An inconvenient arrest.
The planet is suffering and Elrur has the prescription.
Even if other family members don't.
There are 12 steps we can take to fix things like using low carbon rolling papers and driving at slower speeds,
like under 100 miles per hour on short trips.
And I've got a cool idea for the movie poster.
It's penguins, right?
But they're like in the desert, man.
Thanks for showing up, Al Jr.
Once again, you've got perfect timing.
An inconvenient arrest.
It's time to bust global warming and get it some treatment.
Yeah, bad timing there, but when politicians, kids, and celebrities, and they do stuff like that,
we just looked the other way and ignored it.
Like many deacons that I was putting in the counterfeit money.
And who else was it that had a little pot in New York?
Who's could was that?
A chief timidies son of...
That's right, a chief timidies son of a little.
He had a little bit of a timid testimony.
He had a bag of it that I wish I had.
I had a timid testimony.
And he wanted lots of testimony for that pot.
But we get a little bit on that, like I said.
And like a lot of it.
And then we go back to important stuff, like Paris Hilton.
Before I forget to tell you.
And thank you, Sal, for sending me the link to the video for Rita Book that I just sent you.
For it'll...
Really?
And if you think the song is funny, wait for me to see it.
Just wait.
Well, I mean, did I see it?
I think I did.
The video?
No, no.
That was a loop that somebody made.
Oh, that's right.
That was a loop.
They took clips from reading Rainbow and spliced them together to the music.
That was completely different.
This is the actual music video.
Now, have you been playing this?
Or...
No, I have not.
So, go not.
Why not?
Because you're learning other people to do the show.
Let me give you a little on your advice, okay?
No, not listen.
Do not listen.
You play it enough for the both of us.
Do not listen Miguel.
That's why he's not there anymore.
Because he was giving up his advice.
And because he wouldn't kiss up the clearance.
Of course, who now would kiss clearance when he came right down?
What a thought that is.
Oh, my God.
Beast.
The Beast.
I forgot about that.
It's Chris with a line.
Look at that.
Yeah, nice going, Chris.
I almost made a video of the fact that you've been a bad mouthing me behind my back.
Yeah, for...
Talking behind my back, what is a lot of that going on?
That's what I'm here.
I know.
Anyway, can I read the dark Thompson piece?
This is not going to be a good day for me to be reading a lot of articles.
And it's only 1103.
So, I'm hoping you have a lot of really good grade material.
And I know you don't.
So, right.
But what does that mean?
I don't.
Why not?
Well, this Senator Vitorigan apologizing for what he didn't do by the way.
The apology, he's staving all those.
I have loud eyes.
And disappointed.
Another Yehu.
He's actually...
Another Hebracuda Yehu.
Phony Beloney.
Dip in his wick where every can.
There's a nasty looking wife standing there looking very distressed.
Oh, he's got me.
What does he need that bitch for?
He's got me.
Hey, honey, I can see what he needs a little on the side for.
Because the other side on the back is that you won't.
That's right.
Good.
Gully Miss Molly.
She's as nasty a pasty...
pasties against.
Anyway, remember pasty Klein?
She's dead.
Mm-hmm.
Angry words over an emotional lizard right stuck Thompson and Keppel Hill blew.
He says ordinarily Sunday's news talk shows board the hell out of me.
Me too, Doug.
Most of the time we get nothing but partisan from each side.
Spouting carefully rehearsed.
Talking points in monotone.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And monotone like Kimba Bokehabri.
And monotone.
Do, do.
Sundays meet the press however broke out of the ordinary with an incredible display of anger between opposing sides on the Iraq war.
Reflecting in large part the anger that is split this company because of a despotic president who sent American men women off to die for a war based on lives.
A despotic president, I like that.
And unlike him, but I like the word.
First, when Democratic Senator Jim Webb faced off against Republican Senator Drueling Lindsey Graham in a fiery debate that showcased the difference between the anger that drives the majority of this nation.
And the lockstep ignorance of the GOP sicker fans who still defend W and his failure war in Iraq.
At times it seemed that too much come to blows.
Webb had every reason to deck the obnoxious sniveling Graham.
I had my risk control.
I would have kicked Graham's teeth down his lying throat.
Excellent.
I would have paid a lot of money to see that.
I would have chipped in.
You would have what?
Oh, chipset.
I think it's something else.
Yeah.
Graham is desperate as any Republican who must still try to find a way to defend the immoral and legal actions of an out of control president.
Twisted the facts, manufactured the data and lied outright.
Just like Joel Feinberg's lying about that whole panther dealer.
Oh yeah.
The organization, they're going to make the playoffs stand the cup run my ass, Joel.
You're so full of it, man. It's coming out of your earlobes.
Anyway, Graham claimed that he carefully stayed ceremony of 600 American troops to be in the Iraq was an indicator of overwhelming support of the war by rank and file soldiers.
But in fact, realistments are down across the board and more and more troops fight being set back for a fourth and fifth deployments in a war that cannot be won.
I was embagged that on July 4th as year, Graham said we had the highest realistment, the largest realistment ceremony in a wartime environment known to our country.
That's because the military bugged realistments over the past several months into one ceremony.
In fact, not mention the armed services press release. What the hell could this be on here?
It's a more proper, you proper game. It's spame is what it is.
You need to go away. Don't bother moving with your crap.
The ceremony was a proper game to event that overlooked the draft of realistments across all the military services along with a dramatic decrease numbers of those joining services for the first time.
The army recently dropped its recruitment guidelines to lock convicted felons to serve and move that has outraged those currently in uniform.
Another point Graham said, I'm going to listen to General Petraeus and not going to let any politician take the place of the general.
He repeated the phrase several times during the fact that it's a politician named George W. Bush who tells him the generals and everyone else that I run this war.
Another exchange between the two, Webb says less than half of the military believes we should be in Iraq in the first place.
Graham says, have you been to Iraq? Have you been in talk to them? I've been seven times.
Webb says, have you ever been, I've been covered two wars as a correspondent.
Senator Graham, have you been to Iraq? Webb, I've been to Afghanistan as a journalist.
Graham, have you been to Iraq? And have you been to Iraq in talk to the soldiers? Webb, you know, you haven't been to Iraq.
Graham, I've been to, I've been there seven times. Webb says, you know, you go to see the dog in pony shows.
Graham says, have been there as a reservist? I've been there. I'm going back to August.
Webb says, yeah, that's what congressmen do. Yeah, I have been a member of the military when the senators come in.
Graham says, well, listen, something we can agree on. We both admire the men and women in uniform. I don't doubt your patriotism.
Webb, don't put political words in their mouth. Graham says, you know, my election and Webb interrupts says you do it.
You've been doing it ever since I've been in congress.
Doug Thompson goes on to say that Graham isn't always has been a slimy son of a bitch, a dirtbag lawyer who tried to double-diff his military attorney while serving in congress.
A court force him to give up one job or the other and he chose congress.
In cases like this, he says, I'll trust the judgment of Webb, a decorated Vietnam veteran who served as secretary of the Navy and the assistant secretary of the Navy.
If some is deployed to a wreck which gives him another source for what soldier who is saying and thinking, he knows a hell of a lot more about combat than a despot former Jag Lawyer.
After putting up with Graham's tie-rays, Webb, we have summed up the situation when he said, I'll let the American people judge what you said.
According to the polls, Doug Thompson says most of them already have.
Even though most of them are a dumber than sawdust and slow as molasses on our bad day, they finally figured it out. It's bad.
7-0-something, babe. We got 7-04, Chris, so we'd make 700 today. Then we got our goal. I think now that we got 700, time to go home.
How about I say? It sounds like a plan to me. See, guys, let's not do George do the rest. He's got only stories to tell about his big big community.
I got some music I want to play. I thought we were going home, dude. I would, can't I'll go home? I'm going to play a big, pretty dirtbag.
I got some either to fill the beach time, especially when at Stiff Conference, we got across the street now.
My God, it's, you know, when I was a little kid, I'm sure a lot of people listening, not George, because George is anti-sports. When I was a little kid, we used to flip baseball cards.
I used to, let's get this clear. I played everything that you've ever heard of. I just don't like to watch other people do it.
Banjo. That too. Is the pitch pennies I played in the past?
No, when you were in a baseball, why would you buy baseball cards? To flip them, to trade off.
So you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. And that's what this reminds me of. What's going on with these two radio stations, you know?
I used to care about sports, and then I discovered girls. I used to care about it a lot more than I do now, but since working at QM, I've gotten turned off so bad on it.
Other than my obsession with hockey in Man I Fell, the rest of it, they can take it and stick it in the desert and don't give any of them a mat.
Baseball, forget about it. Golf, I mean, talk about it. I have no life for this. That's a sport. Wow.
I mean, what do we really talk about? I love when we get going with the golf tournaments. Oh yeah. That's heavy duty stuff.
Gags. And of course, right now, it's the dog days. It's the 17th of Julio. Who now cares about anything that's going on right now?
There is, you know, and of course the NBA, there's always that.
It's seriously, I just I'm just turned off on it by people who are so obsessed. Don't you understand you guys?
This is the important stuff. You're just a filler there. You're just an impediment to our nonstop. And of course you keep in mind over the years.
There have been a few occasions when there were things, you know, important press conferences that we had to put on the air.
Like with Dave a one-step, remember the one-step era and with Nick Saban, remember the Saban era?
The Saban era, trying to be out.
And we have to get a very important press conference on the year to announce something that everybody already knows anyway.
Because it has to do with a ball game with guys that take showers together naked with guys that like each other and they ask with towels.
With guys who pay each other and they ask out there in the field in front of living and waiting people.
With guys who are readjusting their crotch out there on the field while people are looking on.
Millions are watching, they're diddling around in their crotch in their jock.
I think that's why a lot of these guys watch it. That's why Clarence watches it.
He said there is nothing in the world that gets him more excited than watching some hot-looking jock readjusting his cup.
In fact, Clarence says when that happens is cup runneth over.
Remember Ed Ames?
Who?
Ed Ames and Peter Northeals.
716 on a pole.
They're starting to come in and chuck us down.
Maybe there's an outside shot of that thousand today.
Remember that one day a week or two ago?
Remember when we absolutely had no chance and we pulled it off.
Remember that Chris?
Oh, it was a great thing.
George wouldn't because he's, you know, ways playing hard ass and this is like Joe Dodgola would say good ol' country hard ball.
Good ol' country hard.
Good ol' country.
Yeah.
The extraordinary illiterate Joe Dodgola who made a fortune broadcasting when he can't even speak.
That's the best part.
And then of course there was always Dizzy Dean who talked about the bass runner slud into third.
He slud into third and slud into home.
And slud and slad and slud.
Illiteracy, maybe that's what it's all about.
America's desperation for mediocrity.
That's where it's at.
That's why maybe Randy Redgier-Moler is going to do the Panther Games on the radio.
And here's something I will actually listen to a few minutes of that.
I can't wait to hear that Randy.
I can't wait to hear you pretend to be a play-by-play broadcaster.
Wow, wouldn't that be something?
Like they couldn't go out and hire like, you know, somebody.
Like Ken Wilson or like a real...
Before the Maple Leaf, eight turns around and set air a fast over to Eman.
Got the puck into the corner.
Plant comes out of the net.
Johnson takes it.
Johnson, sat by Eman.
And there's good old number 27.
In the big M Frank Mahabalich on the ice.
Let's get hockey intense.
What do you say?
Now that the Panthers are going across the street, let's get to the good stuff.
What do you say?
Okay.
Hockey intensive.
From it, it's after 11 at 5.60.
Now, do I sound extra like bitter today or is that just because I'm in coherent?
No, sweet and sour as usual.
As usual good.
Sweet and sour as in pork.
716 votes on the full.
Well, Chris thinks we can make it to 1000.
I think you're a fool.
But then again, I thought that before you said we can make it to 1000.
Well, I thank you.
You're welcome.
Were you grudge-packing?
Mike Tyson's been out.
Hit in the ring.
In Bollywood.
And now he's hitting the great lightweight.
Don't miss Tyson on Broadway.
And we...
Of all of my fellow needs.
All alone in this cop car.
For attacking some guy.
It's the role he's been waiting to sink his teeth into.
Tyson on Broadway.
If I were that witchman, which I work but I know more because I'm more too thin than the Iowa's.
Say yes to an evening with Mike Tyson because he still doesn't understand the word mill.
Anything you'll could do I could do better.
I could do more poison time than you.
I'm still the way you start sex off and I can't offend more sex than you.
Thank you.
I'll be available in a lobby before you show us to find autographs and eat your children.
Little joke, that hocks.
It will knock you out.
It's Mike Tyson on Broadway.
Get your tickets now.
Who did it engage with schedule 50 rounds?
1118 at 560 WQM.
I think it went thing.
I sound pretty good today though for a guy who's in coherent.
Yeah, you don't look so bad either.
I look just like me, you know, and that's not so good.
720 votes on the pool.
So the professor says we are going to end the pool.
Workaholic is what he says.
Sure, Chris had that.
On it.
What?
You had what?
I said add that.
Chris had that.
Yes, he had it.
Chris had that.
I said, what did he say?
Max Tasker.
Max Tasker.
Max Tasker.
Max Tasker.
Max Tasker.
Max Factor.
I have a rich factor.
Now you're talking.
What the hell are we talking about?
You know, the fact that I couldn't remember very cost for that.
That should, you know what should happen at that point in the show.
Buzzard goes off.
Neil goes back to bed.
I mean, there should be like an automatic thing built into the transmitter.
You are too incoherent today to continue doing four hours of this swirl.
Okay, Neil?
Just go back to bed.
Get some rest.
Brutal Taskmaster.
Are you going to put that on there?
Sure.
Because what the professor says, he makes his boss makes them all the help feel like slackish
for not working as much as he does, or leaving on time, or taking a sick day.
In other words, not sticking around and working long hours afterward like their job is their entire life.
Whichever way I got news for you, if your job is in your entire life, you know what you're really saying?
I have no life.
That's correct.
Like if this were my entire life, I'm looking out the window right now.
I would go in my underwear, in my boxy shorts.
I would dance out out of the balcony and just climb over the rail and butt up being right there.
That's it.
If this is my entire life, what a thought.
Yeah.
I mean, like in your case, you're so desperate.
You're trying to date the jazz court.
This is girlfriend.
What are you trying?
I'm going to take her out on Friday.
Take her out for what?
Vodka?
Romantic dinner.
Yeah, probably in the corporate dinner.
Vodka, then we're going to go to a salon.
You're going to be in a salon?
That's the best thing to do.
That's the best kind of person to romance.
And we're going to go out to, you know, maybe dancing somewhere.
And, you know, see, you and I have a different opinion about that.
Not to me.
And of course, I view it more objectively because I'm not trying to get any of these chicks' pants.
But women who are drunk, to me, are just the...
I just... such an incredible turn-off.
No, no, no.
It's when you're facing your head-of-roll guys.
You know, that's the best.
It's about when they are drunk.
You don't want somebody that's drunk all the time just during a very important time.
Like Friday night.
Yeah, like when you want it.
That's right.
Now, what is Josh saying about this, by the way?
Wow, that's what it is.
Is this what it is?
Is it really?
Yeah.
Is it really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is it really?
Is it really?
Is it really?
Yeah.
I can't say it.
Rectum.
No, no.
Really?
I didn't even know.
What is that?
No.
That was isn't...
With the W, you know, isn't rectum.
What?
Way away.
I get it.
Rectum.
No.
It damn, they're killing it.
It's in that kind of a wreck.
It'll be worth it.
You already discussed that.
I don't know if he's hitting the rounds on cable again.
And I...
I haven't watched it again as much as I love that movie.
I've watched it about five times, I would say.
And that was enough.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And I remember the days back when I was taking the stupid calls.
I don't want to take any calls for the rest of my life.
Thank you.
But I remember those days, and remember we had several people calling me open.
Crash socks, Neil.
It's a bad moment.
Yeah.
And anybody who would say that is intellectually challenged.
Totally went over their head.
People who would say that are eating tons, gallons of vanilla ice cream,
without anything on it.
I think I'd have a lot more energy if I went and got a...
Tell them in a life score or a virus score, I just need my eight of water.
No, I don't.
It'll make you sick.
And when it died, I could stroke out right on the show.
Would that be good?
No.
When it died, stroke out.
741 votes.
I think if we get to about 800 by noon, I think you got it made.
Mr. Hot Shot, Chris.
I think so.
Because I think then they'll really put on the full-court press.
As they say in basketball, in the round ball business,
give me the ball, give me the ball.
I can't speak, but give me the ball.
I like wearing my icy hot sleeve myself, don't you?
You begin the icy hot sleeve?
741 votes on the poll that we put.
He's a worker, Hallock Nunn, but he's a brutal pass master too.
You see, that's why I'm the poll expert, professor.
He's a worker, Hallock Nunn.
Because that suggests that he works his ass off while the hired hands are sitting back on their hands, on their ass.
On their...
Correct.
Don't write.
Is that correct?
Yep.
I know my poor business, mister.
Let me tell you that.
Oh, there's no argument there.
Yeah.
Worst thing about your boss, I have a great point.
I don't even like this poll when you come right down to it.
If we get a thousand in this poll, it'll be a major miracle.
Okay, Un Mardakley.
Is that how you say it?
You asking me?
What do you mean I'm asking you in Spanish?
You're a real man.
I'm going to explain.
You're a pig in a pot.
I've never heard that word in Spanish.
Come on, your people are going to turn on you.
I'll be logro.
I'm already in the logro, it just occurred to me.
Me logro.
Me logro.
Me logro.
Me logro.
My son's a southern man.
Well, I'm in this southern kick lately.
I'm sure you've got to call me home.
Oh, I'm the bio.
How's bio?
Yeah.
I'm the bio.
Everybody ought to see Southern Cufford.
If you want to see a good movie that's intended for you,
go along with a big part of America.
Watch Southern Cufford.
Okay.
And you'll find out who put the lose in Louisiana.
K. John Farm.
Yeah, K. John, meaning dumb.
What's the word?
And you know something, sometimes the Lord, he works in mysterious ways.
Maybe that was his punishment for Louisiana, for them being so many stupid people.
They're like the mayor, Ray Naganhead.
Naganhead.
What's the worst thing about your boss?
I have a great boss, 216.
Well, we'd like to know who your boss is and who you people are,
because, boy, we're sure a jealous of that.
Not that we have a bad boss.
Would you say we have a bad boss?
Well, you would, yeah.
Because he hates you.
That's why he's a bad boss.
Well, why is he a bad boss?
Because he's incompetent?
Because they like to put programming in the earth and guarantee to fail.
They like to pay a lot of money for it.
Because he's the destroyer.
The dirtiest thing in the history.
And I'm trying to put the pieces back together again.
I'm doing everything I've got to destroy this show.
He's trying to put Greg's, yeah, that's true.
Him and Joyce.
Mm-hmm.
Because he's a paper tiger.
Sure.
See, we could put that on there, but I don't think that most bosses are paper tigers.
They're just figureheads, you know, who have no authority.
Because they got some bitch like Joyce over there in Naples who calls all the shots.
And he just like, oh, Joyce, which hand do I wipe with today?
Joyce, oh.
Oh.
I have a great boss, 216.
He means well, I'm convinced of that.
Not.
I am the boss, 1802 if he meant well.
He wouldn't be firing people like Miguel.
I'm bringing in cronies from Raleigh, North Carolina.
So they can get their bodies to go out there and get the Humvee towed away and get fired, you know.
Now that was perfect.
Don't you think that was a really justice?
It was great.
I guess what's on all this week?
I'm not even sure what channel I'm watching it on, but the unedited, unexpergated Godfather as well.
No dose in trace.
They're all on there.
I figured what channel is showing that?
No commercials.
Commercial free.
Amazing.
Aren't you watching it?
No.
I am the boss, 100 to you, three.
I guess I got to play Frankie Pintangely because that was on the first one.
And Frankie said,
Frankie, say, I'm not a Michael Coyote who did this and the Michael Coyote did that.
So I said, yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
He was great.
I know I've said that a million times before, but he was great.
People that deserve credit and don't get it.
And that's because he was surrounded by so many other giants in that film.
And then them films like Sofia Coppola.
The boss, and my boss, he's an A-hole 96.
He doesn't support his people, 61.
He's not as qualified as me, 43.
Well, that's for a damn sure.
Our boss, he couldn't do a tough show.
He put a gun up his, well, he's ungrateful 42.
He's cheap 36.
He takes credit for the work of others, 31.
Don't they all?
They all do that.
He worked your ass off in the bosses.
Oh, look at this.
We got a great book.
Oh, my genius or what?
Oh, my God.
He's a middle-air 22.
He's in competent 13.
He's a brutal taskmaster too.
And he's a workaholic one.
I have a feeling I know where that vote came from.
Thank you, baby.
Yay, yeah.
I just watched the video.
I love it.
I love it.
That's not true.
That's it, right?
But for that damn final go flat them.
Some of the rockets.
Check this out, y'all.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
That is for today.
Not a magazine.
What a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book!
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book!
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
There's three holds on the S.
Raise your kids, raise your kids, raise your kids.
Raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise
Raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids
Ready, Oh The Weirdest Stop If You Stake
Dis Use Take
Disuse Take
Rehears Up
Rehe Car, Rehe Keep On
Rehe Achors
Rehears Like transforming
Don't forget to be sure to do it in two days and three days when I'm on all summer long because George on Monday Wednesday and Friday
It's too much of a waste to play that because there are people giving him bad advice sure. That's it
In spite of the fact that you're one to the the incredible the amazing editing job on that thing
shocking
767 we went from a 747
To a 767 which you know quite frankly just step down
Yeah, can you understand where that where that whole deal came from with him? Huh?
Splendid to me
747 737 we know it was like a puddle jumper and not a puddle jumper, but you know the smallest of the bunch and
then your big 747 like the double deckers and
757 and 767 which is like you know if you're along with the tree like crap, they'll fly the Europe on that, you know
If you want to go in real style, you'll go like on a 747 like in the upper deck
And if you're really lucky maybe Todd Dreck will be in the upper deck and if you're really really lucky
Maybe somebody will like throw him out before the plane takes off and
Like the 777 I've ever flown on one of those. Well, what am I asking you for those? I really do need those are great
And what's the new one now the 787?
That's gonna be that's a nifty plane. I'm gonna hop on one right now and fly somewhere just take me somewhere
767 boats. Let's see a brutal worker a brutal taskmaster 3 and a worker holic one on those new additions to our pool
If we can just get a little over 800 by the top of the star by noon when the little hand strikes the big hand
We can make that thousand day and if that happens, I'm gonna tell you right now. I'm taking them are off
Okay, okay, how's that?
And the Thursday that next Tuesday
Thursday and then after that if we can make a thousand of they but it would be something I
Mean, yeah, you don't think so because you're not you're just not impressed you just a hard ass
I can understand with a miserable life like you got
Yeah
David Vitter we're public in Louisiana by the way MSNBC
They were this keeps happening is always the same thing
It's always some disgrace to Republican and it was Fox that did it last you with somebody I forget who that was and they put
Democrat of someone so what state you know and come to find out it's Republican of course and they did the same thing with David Vitter
I'm one of the
Crawls they had David Vitter Democrat of Louisiana well
Hey you people at MSNBC. I mean whatever you are go to hell. No wonder nobody watches your crap
David Vitter broke his week-long silence yesterday in spoke publicly about being linked with a so-called DC Madam
Remember the Madam
Yeah, we're not flower
Moji a puppet no certainly not that mad
I'm not the waitlin and Jennings and the no the Madam on the radio
No
Are you serious? I'm on FM on I 95 or one of those stations and she went to New York. She was on
K-Rock she was on the current station the Madam what that's it story. Oh, what about Bill Crossford Bill Cosby
Appearing alongside his pasty nasty looking wife Wendy Vitter seemed to lay blame on the media and appeared to be trying to come off as a victim
When you talked about how hard the media scrutiny of an honest family how hard was it David?
MSNBC hardball host Chris Matthews characterized Vitter as contemptuous and angry contemptuous. I like that
I would like to have heard him say that Chris Matthews. Can you imagine him pronouncing that word?
rather not I
Read the room talk about politics
If this is what they waited a week come up with said Chuck Todd NBC news political director
Vitter's part of it was borderline disastrous as far as political damage control
Earlier Norman Robinson anchor for the NBC affiliate WDSU in New Orleans talked about how Vitter's remarks raised more questions about his conduct
including who paid for the sexual services and whether he broke the law
Well, I thought a politician's pay for sex. It's okay. I forgot
Wendy Vitter did him a lot of good. He did himself very little good said Todd
He only invited people to investigate more. He almost issued a challenge to the media that always works really well
Ask Gary Hart about that always works really well ask Gary Hart in the what's his name?
Fiedler Tom Fiedler or J Fiedler
Remember Tom Fiedler with his yellow rubber raincoat. No, Tom Fiedler
The following is a video on here from a well with Chris Matthew and my man Matthews
The Pittsburgh newspaper owned by conservative billionaire the anxious the obnoxious the unacceptable Richard Melon
Scaff yesterday called the Bush administration's plan to state of course in America a prescription for American suicide
Wow
Now whoever sent this in we got to know here on the top
It says if one of the choices was I have no boss because I'm unemployed or retired
It would go to the top of the full knowing QM's audience. Well, what does that mean our audience is old and retired
Who now sent this?
I do appreciate the article. Also you do something a little grumpy today
You need to get your testosterone levels up. No, I need some sleep is running here. Maybe you need an injection
I need some rejection. I have plenty of that. I'll bet
But you know what doesn't bother me. I just move on to the next that's the way it is if you're smart
Just move don't don't ever rejection body a baby just as well. There's always more efficient in barrel
You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. I
Sound a little grumpy. I'm not grumpy. I just didn't get a lot of sleep
But that will end as of today that that whole that's over
As I explained to you
773 on the pool. We got 20 minutes for I don't know I mean it's
Or narrowly during like a prime time in a like in the middle of a December or something or like in the middle of a fair
I mean one is the season now from like Christmas till
Purim
Right starting now the season used to be from like a little before Thanksgiving all the way like until May
That's when people used to be dumb enough to come to South Florida and drove
Oh, we got to get away from the snow in the bad weather right?
The editorial and the Tribune review in Pittsburgh added and quite frankly during last Thursday's news conference
When George Bush started blathering about sometimes the decisions you make in the consequences don't enable you to be loved
We had a question his mental stability. Oh, this is good
It continued present and Bush warns that US withdrawal would risk mass killings on a horrific scale. What do we have today sir?
sir
If the president won't do the right thing and in this word the people must the House has voted to withdraw combat troops from Iraq by April
The Senate must follow suit
Our brave troops should take great pride that they got rid of that they rid of Raka Saddam Hussein
They should have no shame in leaving Iraq for will not be in any way and exercise in tail tucking and running
If we do any tail tucking America's does job it says right that tail
That's time for the Iraqis to do theirs the editorial says it agrees with its local congressman on this
Democratic US representative John Murther
Skate has been a loyal backer Republican politicians and many conservative right wing rabid causes and
Funded a network of investigations that a president Clinton during the 1990s and if somebody is far to the right as Richard
Melonscape is calling this a disaster a prescription from American suicide you know
That they got serious tourists at the White House
Sirius tourists you know what that means? No
Neither why
779 votes we need the 21 and we get to 800 and then you get to 900 then we'll make a run
Won't there be something if we make a run what they be exciting in the one to two hour?
And I think now what what what who's out from noon to after that over there do we know I don't know idea
Who's on after Gully?
I think we're having some real problems today
That's what's slow the pull down because now with Gully on across the street again says I think we're finished man
18 to a moon at 560 WQ ever
This is very quick
Whatever I shape up on ahead of my shop to Daniel wrongers 12-1 hour. Well, we'll be soon
You finally
Well come back to the right packet. They choose you up from your cookies to the worms in your car
Now that your life is done
You won't eat your gun calls Gully's been busy
Staring the sauce for you with the out of Kuku Kuku
And you're appearing tonight at the Santa the Sky
You think Jackie cannot be I
Peter lawford will know where all the other drugs will be
I
They
To be out of your life
And eat a can of rain about it anymore
What the hell for you guys
Goodbye old
The lies say hi to the guys and
Give our regards to Sammy G in time and car too
For saving Dorker air by using his head
We packed your casket with some things
That you also drink like
Sucked orders for the man all along with some food for thee and the pair of glasses for no greed
Wish you could shoot in five times but look at who survived
How much he knows still alive
And that's what Joey
Love me the night but only looks like death
Have a juke through before the outside broads is bad
You need to fix an head shunned and eat more
But I'll be cranky your tail
786 posts on our world famous pool about your bosses
You know, is he a great guy is he a piece of church but it was your boss that's the poll question
It's not a good poll but it's a middle of July what do you want I'll tell you what's not good what this first facts you send me oh
Yeah, yeah, another amateur program director here another another jackass out there tell me how to do the show what to play what to say tell
Bokeh Brian that's why I played that to a bit
Here's what the facts says Neil please please please stop playing read the read a book piece no
It was funny the first time was even part of the 10th time I'll go so far as I say the 20th time
But it's now been finally rare firmly rammed into the ground. It's gone past being even annoying
Hmm. I know they're ignored the plea. Oh, that's correct
Absolutely correct. Well, I can't stand it anymore when I hear it my hand races for the body more to change the station
It might be marginally less annoying word not so long
Oh, and since we're on the subject can we please tell Bokeh Brian that he's no longer allowed to use candle to the windows
A melody for his bits thanks no, we can't tell him that we won't tell him that and I will play whatever
I want and take your stupid aspect in fact take your hand right now and stick it where the moon wrecked don't go shy
There's nothing wrong with that bit. You know how to set that Chris
You told me it was out of the room for a minute. Oh, yeah, that was me. I'm moved fast
Not a damn thing in fact, it's one it's one of the few things that we can play anymore that I gives me a chuckle
You know we go all we can play is bland blada we can't even play for example. I just use this as an example
ain't no part sounds anymore
Can't play that for Christ's sake and you're telling me not to play one of the greatest pieces of a swill we ever put on it
In the video by the way spectacular. Yeah, it is I
Been sent it along to my close personal friend there everyone should see it
Everyone should see if that's right
Here's the fact that says George and Neil you guys who probably probably know this but just in case you didn't hear it is
Okay, here it is
David the hormone who are bitter don't get bitter about David Vitter was a vocal proponent for Clinton to resign for his impeachment
And said that he was morally unfit
But this is this piece of Republican trash we
Look at how they spelled resigning
Resignoing our ESIG NLI NG. Wow
Resignoing no, he's not resigning one of course not the Republican Party should be renamed to do as I say not as I do party
What a friggin lion a horrible piece of crap Vitter is well now I feel better says P whoever P is
Well go take a good P you'll feel better and
Go learn some spelling too. Where do you place?
This is the most illiterate. I mean no, he's got a good point
Dumb I'll speak of that conservative Christian group calls for a Vitter resignation. They're bitter those bitter Christians, man
There's nothing worse than a bitter Christian
Although we do like a bitter honey
789 you think we get to vote in nine minutes Chris and not that it makes any difference
But I mean you know psychologically it's a good step. Yeah, I'm sure we can get
794 are we only need six now in nine minutes? See I told you you told me what that will get it
You said we could make a thousand today if we rigged it. That's what you said you talking about you said if we make a thousand votes
They it's got to be fixed. It's like the election in Florida in 2000 good drugs like the election in 2004 in Ohio
Rigged it did it remember can't he rigged? Yeah, what about who the hell was she? I
Don't know some kind of a gymnast or something who was can't do gymnast tennis player who the hell knows?
some jacket
Dike
Sure aren't they all?
See now that that sounds to me like a real shot. You don't even know what I'm talking about
No right away because it might have been a lady tennis player seeing bulldyke, you know like martina navratelova
Like that or like that tree trunk the one you love and whatever name at a corticova and a corner hood
As he remains in seclusion over the admission that he used to wash and escort service senator David Vitor is losing the support of his base
Says raw story. He said it says it's pretty raw
Argument for intellectual consistency the Louisiana based group Christian conservatives for reform have called on senator vitor to resign
Following revelations of his numerous trists with DCS courts and frequent paper ninja bravels
And if you had a wife that looked like that you'd probably be a paid you'd be patronizing anything that moved okay?
You'd be you know what you'd be doing what?
it oh
It the Reverend Grant storms explain that when Bill Clinton fell we said reset resign
When William Jefferson wasn't that we said resign now. It's one of our people
We need to be consistent say David do the right thing and resign or is that resign?
Come on, he'll resign. Yes sign this
Vitor's office has said that he'll be returning to Washington for votes in the Senate
But didn't specify when he'd be back although a colleague's been quoted as saying he would return as early as today
I don't know if he's back today because we haven't seen nothing about that
I see an end trying to get us all whipped up about the national intelligence report on the terrorist threat and they're gonna kill us
They're coming to get us al-Qaeda okay
Our goldstein al-Qaeda al-Lewis welcome al-Lewis is dead by the way what a shame grandpa
Passengers at Bob Hope airport in Burbank, California being re-screen
Apparently in it what do I hate this idea? I hate this activity there. I hate him. This happened about eight per night
AM small
And as a result all the passengers to see some of them outside of terminal they are now need to be re-screened
We understand that screen. That's okay screen him screen Tony Harris get him off my screen right now
Get him out of my life get him off my face CNN. They're the anti-Christ. I'm telling you right now
I guarantee you that if you go to the CNN wherever they broadcasting from Atlanta
You'll find six six six on every desk. You'll find that somewhere
There you think sure the anti-Christ L. I think this though as thought at CNN say any
See I'm learning my esponial very good. Oh, but the tool the tool for my esponial
Oh boy 800 Chris oh
It's briefly evacuated there in Burbank, California and we don't know why because the tubers he moving on to some other crap now
You know, I mean how about giving us a little something something there to think our teeth and do
800 votes the worst thing about your boss. I have a great boss to 25. I am the boss to oh two well goody
Good for you. He's an a hole 102
He doesn't support his people 67. He's not as qualified as me 45
He's ungrateful an ungrateful son of a bitch 43. There's nothing worse than an ungrateful son of a bitch
He's cheap 37 takes credit for the work of others 33. He's a meddler 25
He keeps sticking his finger in it where it don't belong, you know back to him
He's in confidence 16. He's a brutal pass master master three and he's a workaholic too
So those last two aren't exactly you know, they're not like me. Well of course we got somebody other good choices on her especially
I have a great boss. I
Mean I don't have any complaints with the Joe Bell. I mean he is what he is. You know he's fat and
Whatever Hank called him. You know, he's all of those things too, but other than that
You know any any help to get me paid day late last time
And it was because dead was on vacation that week now. She back. I hope he dead. I hope you're back honey
Love you. I never the environment heard do I know who she is? I don't know I don't think so
Well, she's good man. She tastes food. Hear me on payday. She makes sure I get my checkered day early sometimes two days early
She's on top of it so to speak whoever was feeling in for her there that she ought to get a raspire and
Of course Robert Greeper the Green Reaper lord of the board that's when we knew Kenny Walker wasn't gonna be long for this radio station when he started with that crap you knew it didn't you?
I knew it. I mean it was a decision they made right Robert Greeper the
Before that I remember Joe Lord
It's a war. It had an idea for a show and that's when I knew it was gonna fail
They just threw in a big memory their last month on the trend you better watch yourself. There's a
Easily made change their mind they may say you know something they threw in a real number there one month a great throw it a big
Well who now wants Joe Rose we need them to throw a big no we got Kenny and Kimba oh
We need is like Kyle and we got like KKK
You know Kyle from like South Park mm-hmm. Yeah, you do know of course it
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM
They are Muslim doctors and they practice a radical form of medicine on an explosive new drama
Praise jihara me now turn your head toward mekayan cloth
Dr. Omar I've been trying to reach you all morning. Do you not have your cell phone now?
Is downtown attached to a detonator?
Treating the interned and taking care of the infidels on grace jihara me
I have a crusade on the E.R. Complaining of my great
Give him 600 milligrams of I've you proven and the quick beheading and the ubify hey
We still playing golf this weekend. I can't I'll be too busy working on my car bomb
On a very special craze jihara me
Dr. Omar have you checked out the new nurse? She really feels out her bird car. I ain't going near that
Who needs a seventh wife
From 0305 60 wcm g-h-g-h-h-d
Maybe all the crazy get these out there, but a little bit killing each other kill us and all this stuff
It's an old time religion. Maybe there ain't nothing like it. You can't go on here and bad mouth religion
Baby, that's what the world's all about. Yeah, that's right
Excellent point 811 votes on the pull Chris
What are you thinking now you're starting to feel a little bit more cocky about it? Oh, yeah, we don't have that thousand
What we definitely got that thousand. No, we don't well. What are you talking about you talk like a madman?
I learned you talk like a lunatic
Okay, the Illuminati and the build of burgers sure and the trial lateral commission. That's right and all these oh my god
all of these things
No more happy feed for singer Clay Aiken
Now you see that word singer Clay Aiken. I mean what what a joke that is. Oh, he's a singer. He sings now
So lie in the shower
Oh, he says he's taking steps to prevent future foot wanderings. Maybe he's got a foot fetish
I do like feet by me, you know, not all I don't have a fetish about it like nice feet
Right as posted jacked up nasty feet right
The 2003 American I will run a rum confirmed Monday in the statement to entertain with tonight that he was involved in a dispute with a woman
On account in a airline's flight to Tulsa for his show Saturday evening. I've got a great bit here that I haven't played yet
What
Excuse me
Excuse me
What could you please move your reg off the armrest move my leg
Don't you know who I am I don't care who you are just move your leg
Hey, hey
I'll cheer you me. Hey, I'm Clay Aiken. Oh, boy
You're a man like woman. You're supposed to love me
Stop hitting me
Fine, well don't you even think about asking me for an autograph because as far as unconcerned you're invisible here may
Invisible
While sleeping on a plane over the weekend my foot evidently found a home on the armrest of the passenger seat directly in front of me
Aiken said the statement
I didn't realize I was causing the woman any distress till she woke me up with a quick hint of the chest
Unfortunately being that this happened on a plane the FBI was called into investigate and eventually we were all sent on our way
I'd like to thank everyone for their concern. I'm fine and have taken steps to prevent any foot wandering in the future
I got a good idea. How about chopping his legs off sounds good to me
The Aiken incident through the attention of the FBI but no charges were filed the attention of the FBI
Concert goers told the Tulsa world that Aiken joked on stage about being beaten up by a girl early in the day
Well, I would be no surprise to me. Hey Clay you're fairy
FBI special agent Gary Johnson said that a speed over the male passenger's foot resting in the woman's armrest
He said there was an allegation the woman gave the male passenger a minor shove during the argument
At that point the clicker was able to resolve the situation
Johnson said telephone calls and emails from the AP to make him publicist manager in LA were not returned
Thank God because otherwise there'd be more of this story
And is there anybody in their right mind who wants to hear about Clay Aiken?
814 votes on the pool all these people man that's a good poll for you tomorrow
I don't know how you word it, you know all these like Paris Hilton all these no talent who's the worst no talent first
And it's been getting the most pressed you know, you know what I'm saying right. I mean, that's not a very good way to word it
One good thing though
They must have done something last Thursday because remember I told you in the last hour
You were cutting out because it was storming and thunder right right in the end of the world and stuff like that
So probably straighten itself out, you know
Because I can't imagine they did anything to correct
To rectify and then of course subject I can't say turns the apparel obviously the one that's marked do not close this pot
Do not touch it. It's the feed it's a rotto for neo don't touch you with it and of course somebody pops you with it
And they sure it off
Why can't we stop that why can't clearance the bonehead that he is like
Stop it stop doing these things
And they won't do it anyone under why?
Because they know it aggravates the living Schmidt out of me and of course that makes it and that makes parents happy
That makes them very pleased because I'm the anti sports
Antineo the anti sports how you could take your
Football and your baseball out your other balls parents and show more the moon don't know child
Wouldn't be the first time 815 votes on the pool now if we didn't make 900 in some
By one I don't think it's gonna happen. You want that's my honest assessment over
Chris your two-megadot you got to think positive
Our British newspaper alleges that the balance of the internal White House debate over Iran have shifted back in the favor of military action before Bush leaves office
And guess what's got a picture of here in this story on Ross story
Dr. Thompson no
Cindy she who Cindy she in no
Go get a hint dick Cheney. Oh
The Manchester Guardians Washington sir said neither Bush nor Cheney trust any future president
Republican or Democrat to deal with Iran decisively
There also anxious about an Israeli attack the paper reports probably wolf blitz series getting to him
Inside the administration secretary say kind of Mleiza and secretary defense rubber gates have come out against a military
Story kind of man vice president Cheney however continues to push for her military action
According to the paper in previous reports by Ross story
He is El Antiquista. There's somebody Antiquized running around man's heart to keep track of all them
Remember that scene in the movie in the omen where he takes these scissors that kid must have been a sound sleeper
You know it yeah
It's a weird like a little kid and daddy comes in and he like pushes your hair back and takes a scissors
And he cuts a big chunk of it out and you keep sleeping and he sees these six six six on on your head
You know, I mean maybe he's just faking it right maybe it's pretending to be asleep
But maybe want to like spook daddy, you know, oh my god. He's the Antiquized ooh
Last year Bush came down in favor of rice last month in meeting with Pentagon state department officials
According to the guardian he favored Cheney who starts a little progress in an ongoing standoff with Iran as
Fast as I can the balance has tilted the paper source says there's cause for concern
Cheney warned Iran in the speech on the aircraft carrier operands coast and may
Would two carrier strike groups in the Gulf were sending clear messages to friends and adversaries alike
He said according remarks given to reporters
We'll keep the sea lanes open. We'll stand with our friends and opposing extremism and strategic threats
We'll disrupt attacks on our own forces will continue bringing relief to those who suffer and delivering justice to the enemies of freedom
And we'll stand with us to prevent Iran from gaining nuclear weapons is dominating this region almost half of the US
277 warships are stationed close to Iran including two aircraft carrier groups
The Guardian as the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise Lifer, Gen. Liespick for the Gulf
Pentagon spokesman said it was to replace the USS Nimitz and there'd be no overlap
There would mean three carriers in the Gulf at the same time no decision on military actions expected a nice dear
The paper ads in the meantime the state department will continue to pursue the diplomatic route
Cheney's got at least one or two allies in the Senate
One of them is crazy Sam Brownback of Kansas. You know who the other one is?
I don't know. Let's agree. Let me give you a clue orthodox
Independent Senator Julie from the Connecticut a strong supporter of Israel a real gettki
Asked last week went of the resupported a preemptive strike Brownback said yes, I do and I think we have to be if we're gonna be serious about this fight
And we're in this fight probably for a generation. We're gonna be we're probably in this fight for a generation
He said not that he would repeat himself because he's a crazy person Sam Brownback
He's a crazy person. This like Julie Bern is a crazy person
Thank God there's no crazy people running the countries around the world. You know it no graph no corruption like bandar Bush said
Corruption what's wrong with that?
Did you see that clip?
Yeah, he actually said that was a straight face. What's wrong with corruption? It's been running the world forever and ever
He wasn't trying to be funny
He was being dead serious and quite frankly the first half of that sounds pretty good to me in his case
bandar Bush my ass
823 votes on our world famous pool
Those last two editions on here aren't exactly setting the world on fire, but
brutal fastmaster and worker hallack
They still got three and two respectively. Are you respective of them? Sure. I have a great boss is leaving now. Doesn't that surprise you?
Yeah, because I here's a chance
I mean self-floor we know that given a chance to take a cheap shot at anybody or anything that people just jump on at bandwagon
They're actually saying something nice. I have a great boss 231. I still think they believe that they're getting traced
It's gotta be it, isn't it must be I mean I've been in this business 150 years
I had one well, I mean one I've had a couple of good bosses, but one great boss. That was the Casper
great not good not okay great
He's dead
The number they say about the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead. He was fat
He was very fat. They lost a lot of weight, but you know what too late
Remember that song by the Cordettes born too late or as you're like that if you got that on cadence records man
I would I would go nuts. I think you do have it. This is by the Cordettes
Find out born too late. I love that fact in the church
John
The taxi car by said driver
central park
Looked at me so quickly
I could know he was in the dark, huh?
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made
No bug speaks English and immoral
Oh
I went down to my yeah, I met with each weather the weather business and
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real fun
I asked him for a pint of cold gym beaming says no and he ended what doesn't mean
The butter speaks English and I'm all
That the cornered Delhi
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speak English
You can go back to the world
I came here many years ago
Where my ABC I don't say much is gross. Yes
That's pretty
So get yourself to a classroom quit your American now stop making mistakes
So
What do you think I played too much that one or read a book read a mother's scratch in book?
Which one oh you don't play the at that one very much anymore? What?
Nobody plays English right? Well, that's right. Just play it right now, right? It's just noise the hell out of me
Speak in English, baby speak in English. I'm laying ways a key
1831 votes on the pool were Russian tour nine
Like I started to say we're Russian toward the eye
So he was out sick that I hopefully look with like I don't know gangrene. No, he's on vacation
Now he could still be on vacation and have gangrene you could have leprosy
Maybe maybe he wants to some exotic erotic place, you know and contracted some grotesque horrible fatal disease without be ashamed
We're talking about Robert Creeper the grim reaper the Lord of the board at a station. It's really been hoarded
Now here's a story that was like oh from days ago
But that's what happens when you're only on like you know twice a week
Under some in somebody's face. It's in just the last week
As a matter of fact look at look at the date on their fax machine eight eight
2014
Isn't that cute? Mm-hmm. Now what does that mean nothing?
Is that mean this is mean it was sent by somebody that's too stupid to put the right date on their fax machine or they're just being clever
Or that just it was just whatever
stupid
Priests arrested in child porn charge. This is from the Serratogian
Albany a 50 year old Catholic priest who is a co-host native now living in Columbia County could released on bottom as early as today
This was on June 30th. This is like two weeks ago two and a half weeks
After a federal magistrate on Wednesday read the grant the accused bail as he awaits trial on charges
He received and possessed computer images of child pornography kidney porn
Catholic priest courted a federal prosecutor Raymond Ethier of Hudson to pardon the conversation over the Internet with a Canadian just over
Year ago sparking an investigation that led federal to private Homeland Security officials to seize a computer from Ethier's home on May 10 and recover images of kidney porn
Prosecutor Thomas Spina
Solo Unispina
Remember that scene see solo Unispina. I have a stone in my shoe. I don't think speeder really means stone Italian
We could Google about find like a thorn that was a mist translation
Solo Unispina
Well that does make sense. I have a spine in my shoe. Maybe that's what they say in Italy
What I was fine in my shoe. I would I don't must be a big damn shoe. I'll say to that or a small spine
Prosecutor Thomas Spina said Ethier was not arrested in the church
St. John and Vianne and Paveiraque or in his home and refused to say exactly where the rest by DHS
State police and Hudson police took place. He said Ethier faces five to 20 years in prison of convicted
But the criminal process will be delayed by medical treatment the priest will seek in Maryland
The criminal complaint filed by prosecutors claims during the maintenance review
He admitted he engaged in sexually explicit conversation with other individuals on the internet and that these conversations sometimes involve children and
Says the priest admitted using the program line wire to download two videos of children engaged in sexual conduct for research only for research only
Right
However, according to the accusatory document Ethier is denied ever molesting a child claiming with doing medical examinations
All right, I wonder if they had to do with it. Oh, yeah
I
Distraged judge Randolph Trees ordered Ethier is $50,000 a bond secured by an equal amount of cash or property and the accused will buy by a set of conditions or else
Face the return to custody pending trial
Anticoza and on Ken Goldfarb spokesman for the Roman Catholic Ken Goldfarb a spokesman for the Roman Catholic diocese of Albany
With the name like Ken Goldfarb said church officials would not aware of the charges against him until they were contacted by reporter Tuesday night
How do you like that? Here's a guy named Goldfarb. There would be like Hank Goldberg being Catholic
Are you ready for that?
So there's a spokesperson doesn't say he's a Catholic
Maybe they like a good Jew lawyer too like everybody else. How do you like that?
Give this to a Jew lawyer in the Bronx
Remember that scene sure
Sure you do
Marlon Brando was on biography day. That was a two-hour two-hour deal. You know has to be somebody really special if you take two hours
And the way he went out was so grotesque and so just you know
I beg I got a little piece of trivia that I learned from that show that but you don't know late on it
His ashes were buried alongside the ashes of Wally Cox. I did not know that his one-time roommate in New York or whatever that school
I was the acting school they went to whatever the whole yard
No, Jew there's nothing acting school for school of music. What are you talking about?
Jesus Christ never went to know a thing acting school
What's wrong with it? Who wants to go to an effing dance school anyway?
Leroy I love that man just love it. No, it's you. It was a good movie. It was fun
Fame or is that flame?
838 votes on the pool. I don't know what do you think it's kind of up in the air
We'll get a big maybe we'll get a 4841 see they're coming in in little chunks now
Yeah, we're gonna do it it's like when you sneeze little chunks and then you realize there's one on the front of your shirt
You didn't oh god. I hate that
Especially when you're like going for a job interview something like that
You got a high date and then Josh is going on a hot date. You got a big chunk of snot, you know
You think it's just a fun of your shirt, but it's not
And it's right there like and glowing you know glowing and red
There's always like some blood in that you know the chunks of the lower so that stands out so everybody we're looking
Oh my god. He's got chunks of snot on his shirt. You know like that
That's appetizing right? Yeah yummy 843 vote on a pool
Oh, can he face he's a gravely ill with cancer. She weighs about four pounds and she's gonna be on with Larry again for the
Eight minutes time. She's trying to stay alive her battle to stay alive
Why is he so obsessed with that bitch? I don't know
You want to know why the media is sick and you talk badly? That's the only meaningful honest thing
I think that bitch ever said in her life
Besides give me some more mascara
843 on air now look at that. He's a brutal past mask. He's got three. Matt. See I can't say that
I invented it, but I can't say it and he's a worker hall of three. It's kind of like Al Gore
He invented the internet, but he probably don't know how to use it
Now if you guys got hanged by a computer yet or what if you bought him one
Well don't you think before they stick his fat ashes in the ground at Belmonte where they're gonna do it
Don't you think that you ought to have a computer and somebody you guys teach him how to use it? No have a hop on the internet?
I've got you if you told him he could contact every bookie in the world online. How much he'd go for it?
What do you think?
maybe
I'm gonna put I'm gonna put this project in your hands Chris. Oh, yeah, give it to him. Yeah, somebody we can trust
Come on, you're paying for it
But third man sent this is where you would hear your music
This is where your email is supposed to be
This is where you ought to be able to surf the web and this
Would be an incoming call if only AT&T could activate your iPhone
What a shame 1235 60 you missed a Jennifer there because I had it in queue because I know I gotta listen to these things just to make it
All about it. Do you really make sure it was not you don't we all we don't get Zach by joy
That would be really bad especially this time of the year
851 votes on a pool. Let's see. Can you think we can make 900 by the top of the hour if we can make 900 by one
We could do that thousand
You buy it how much of course?
Don't forget Chris when you see the Humper this afternoon tell him mom getting it and you're the one that's gonna buy for him too
What a
Don't ball machine or something. No computer good one really the best art
I'll wait for that check from you to get here first before I buy it. Yeah, I'll send you a check
In fact, I got this account that had been closed for like about 50 years
I'll send you a check from there as long as your name's on that's all good
850 three votes on our world famous pool. I look at that
He's a worker holocaust moved with four now and a brutal taskmaster only three
I think somebody's towing with my emotions on that baby between the two of them. They haven't got squat 8.53 though
George even George, I think we'll let out like a little gas before we make a thousand a day on the seven on the what is it?
The 17th of a week I'll let out a gas
Would you allow us to guess like that bitch? You would buy that was sitting next to me. He Russian Russian gas
I remember once upon a time about a hundred years ago. We did that pool whose farth smell the worst old
Russian women hands down your pantaloonies. I'm telling you right now. Not even a test. I
Mean my eyes were watering I
Was in I'm not sure whether it was just from the aroma or whether I was in tears from the experience have you ever had an experience like that?
Sure
What kind of I mean she must have eaten like a lot of borched you know, I'm
Lot of vodka. Maybe that's what you're gonna have this weekend when you date to Josh Cortes is a girlfriend
That will be not like that's probably all you're gonna get is borched
This is a very bad story very depressing, but it's typical of Florida
Guess who got those raised the most money April through June and Florida which in the we're presidents or candidates for either party?
I already ordered this morning
Would you forgot thank God if you can't remember Bill Cosford how could you remember this?
Let me give you a clue Rudy Julianne. Oh, oh here's somebody that's upset because we didn't take their advice for the wrong unemployed
That'll help get us over the thousand get that on the right away Chris. I'm unemployed
Don't know
Good
Where's the choice? I'm unemployed. Okay, for the bull London
I'm glad that they mentioned that again because once we get that on it because you know our audience
You know Neil all his audience is like Bokeh Brian. They're all opposed to deadbeats. You know remember that?
Yep, see I don't forget things like that when people start casting his version about our fine quality audience out there
We got some heavy duty people out there listening right now some people that make like three four bucks an hour
Bob what is his name Rob Berry and Beth Reinhardt?
It's a report in the hero Julianne he hauls in the most cash in Florida
He busted out of the presidential pack and carried off more Florida money than any other candidate over the past three months
Helping his party resist a national trend that shows the Democratic field pounding the GOP in raising cash
Only in Florida
Julianne ranked 1.6 million dollars from April through June twice as much as he raised during the first three months of the year his success in
Republican primary fundraising reflects his national fundraising total the best of any Republican candidate and his front-run status in the Florida polls
Florida is a tremendously important state for the campaign and it's a state where we're well positioned when the primary said
Julianne spoke some Elliott Bundy and wonder if he's keen to Ted our
Our success there is borne out in the numbers for both the polls and fundraising
Nationally the Republican field is lagging behind Democratic counterparts in the money chase hamstrung by voters misgivings about president
Bush and the war in Iraq the gap is tighter and Florida suggesting the stable once again serves a key battle ground for the White House in
2008. Oh, then they can fix it again
The top three Republican contenders raised roughly 345 grand more than the leading Democrats over the past three months
Though Democrats move ahead when their total from the beginning they are included
It's good to see that kind of Republican activity in a swing state said Jorge Aresirata
Aresirata a top GOP donor supporting former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney and
Don't forget you can't play baseball without a bit right see there's a little sports thing and I bet your clearance comes in gives you big kiss for doing that nice
The Florida GOP to five the national backflash against the Republican Party in 2006 holding on to the governor's mansion with your
up gay governor and the legislature the state GOP raised 1.6 million dollars in a tent upon razor Friday
Which it said was a record-setting hall in a non-lection year figures in the Republican field Julianne was followed by Romney raised
967 grand and appears to be having the most success tapping big donors to Bush
Arizona Senator John McCain who's insane raised
448 grand only half of what he raised the first few months of the year the big unknown Fred Thompson
Who came in second beyond Julianne in recent Florida survey but doesn't have to disclose his fundraiser until he officially becomes a candidate
Julianne slated to attend the fundraiser of the at the home of highly mayor Julio Robina and greet supporters for this afternoon at tropical restaurant
leading the Democratic field is New York Senator Swellery who will collected more than 1.2 million of Florida plus another
260 grand she can use only if she wins a nomination next up was at Barack Obama with 908,000
Now how much did she have 1.2 million here in 908 former North Carolina Senator John Edwards raised
503 grand which you buy him a lot of haircuts and New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson took in a 211 grand
It's tremendous how much the seven energy there is for the Democratic candidates in Florida were gratified with the amount was support
We're seeing say Clinton spoke to him more L.A.
Clinton's fundraising paste dropped off a little from the beginning of the year though she continues to leave in the polls on last
Data raised money for the second quarter. She zigzagged across the state to get five Florida receptions before midnight. She zigzagged
I wonder if she bought him with seven lovina things that were you buy your zigzags?
Yeah, they come from a little wherever that I'm completely gratified to how close we are to Senator Clinton given that we did hardly any
Fundraising to state this quarter and she did a lot of events that Obama's Florida finance manager Kirk Wager
The fundraising drop off is steep for the rest of the candidates
Sunday was the deadline for presidential contenders to report the contribution of expenses to the FEC under a new state law
Thoroughly be the first big state told his president supreme mayor
We're voters were the polls January 29 julie any randomly were the biggest spenders here suggesting that the state is a
Linge pin of a national strategy to win the Republican nomination a linge pin as in linge mob
861 on the poll baby we got 23 minutes to get up over 900 and then no hold this back I think I
Mean some of you people may be voting more than once. Yeah, that wouldn't they be bad?
In fact, we invite you to vote several times vote a hundred times
Just to make us feel good make us feel like it was worth the dragon my ass out of bed and coming in here today
Not that I dragged my ass out of bed real early though did I know?
Now what what is it you think when you get that? I mean, that's only happened. I think two or three times
I get the facts on a figure you're sleepy a lot of people don't have good nights. Oh, it's better than the world reason or another yet
This is sleepy being better than dope
Or sneezing
Or we see how about we see grumpy grumpy? I may have been a little bit grumpy. You got that one fax if you sound a little bit grumpy today not me
Not me because I got this great summer gig going baby and work on Thursday you realize that only
Let's forget this out. I don't want to rub it in anybody's face or nose
Right or
Out of the next how many days after today one two
three four five six
The next six day that I work one day
How you like that is that when you put it in those terms, isn't that distribute?
No, no doesn't distribute which I could make some money, but that's a different story
It hasn't been working for this great summer. We're a load that you're carrying now. No, of course not
You know they're not no of course not you know that I know I don't know that I don't get paid any extra for any of the days
That I do any show at any time over the summer or any of the other times or what kind of coming this bunch of crap is that that's my deal
You got a pretty crappy deal who negotiate it?
You know kind of a fag negotiated that deal for you or Norma in your family. I thought he was supposed to take care of you
You know just like Bob Green I'll take care of George
I'll take care of you and even though you took him to all those swing clubs and got him accro shade and laid in the whatever you do all those
It took him one one one was enough. It should have been enough and his yeah should have been set him right up
I know this is gonna sound really tacky
And just like you can't you you can't envision your parents having sex and there's certain things that you're just not capable of
Imagining. Yeah, why you want to go there? I what no, I'm not talking about I can't imagine Bob Green having opinions
I'm sorry
Christy. Can you see your reaction to that? I don't know why wait. What do you know?
Can you imagine what why do I want to well think about
It's been worth my internship at your ratings and dying now
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was till your hand
How?
You know you're gonna fight somebody good enough to film my biggy pants
Amazing
Don't don't don't don't don't you very no chance. I love it. Be coming back
Outside of considering a lucrative and counteract
If you want to know what I'll save you from shutting that transmitted to the ground
Why that's easy
Sure
So
you
Brinquially
My
Everybody
Bad!
Well!
Okay.
Well, you need to sneak it out.
Think you can see no, you have no fear anymore.
I can see you...
If you don't know, then why isn't I?
Whisky.
Gotta get gas negativity off you!
Take that.
I told you to give me this.
Fuck it, see.
No!
What are you gonna do?
Fire me?
I'm gonna die.
I'm gonna pop that.
12.45.
Well, I'll tell you how the mighty have fallen.
I have no more mo and guilty.
No more mo or guilty on the QA.
What's the story with Moa, Chris?
He's still doing the 850 thing with the dolphin stuff or just during the football scene.
Huh?
I have no idea.
Do you say, huh?
You don't know?
No.
Don't tell me the moment has vanished from our lives.
Don't tell me.
The South Florida radio dial.
That would be bad.
For lucky.
My way, how's it going?
Moa, I'm sure he's listening right now.
You know, in between Ma-jong.
We've got a Ma-jong dated like 2.30.
874 on our pool.
And did we put the...
I'm unemployed, it's got only 3.
Whoever kept bugging us to put that on her, you know, assumed that...
Oh, well, when we put that on her, it's gonna be way of...
Make her...
Things zoom way up.
Well, I like to see my things zoom way up, but...
I don't think so.
874, I don't think we're gonna make it, Chris.
We are gonna make it.
And you wanna know why?
Why?
Because you assumed about a quarter-actor 12.
You said, oh, we got it, made.
And once you say that in South Florida, boy,
you might as well forget about it.
Sure, always blame me.
Well, that's because it's usually your fault.
Who's the one that puts this over the top?
But God about it.
Yeah.
Just like the time we had that stupid ass contest going with...
Who's called Greg Kotex?
Was it, or LeBastien?
That stupid thing in the...
Between the two stations.
And it was left us.
Parents and our...
Our mangled men tell the rest of the people,
Oh, just ignore that.
The thing, don't pay any attention.
Don't get involved in that.
Right.
Just lay down and roll over for them, okay?
I still think we got people inside who are moles
who run the payroll across the street.
Don't you believe me?
Yeah.
I guarantee if you checked around, you'll find some moles.
And next time you're in the tea room, take a quick look.
Just like Bob Green.
You know, if you take a look, you won't find one.
You might have a mole or two.
877, we need 23 to get to 900.
And then, then in the 1 to 2 hour boy, it's going to be intense.
They're going to be tuning in from China, from Hong Kong,
from everywhere.
Madagascar, Rhode Island, the North Pole.
We at least used to be the North Pole.
I ain't there anymore.
877, the worst thing about your boss.
I'm unemployed.
I've got four.
Bed beats.
You know, like Vokabrown, like Chickenack.
And by the way, Chickenack, don't be using that candle in the wind thing.
What do they even mean?
Well, what's that?
The music bed, the good vibes.
No, I know.
I know that, but what does it mean?
Don't you can't use it anymore.
Why is that?
I think the implication is they're tired of that tune.
Oh, really?
Well, too bad.
Go out here.
If I am in a cold, that tasty hoda,
there'll need a shoehorn too.
It's a matter of fact, I'm going to play all of them.
Just because they've any across my hands.
Goodbye, John, as pro.
Now beat it and get lost.
Yeah, that's good.
Goodbye, Bernie, Carrick.
I'm in a sterret.
We hardly got to know you.
So this is a guy trying to program the show, huh?
Try to tell a genius like Chickenack.
Oh, the Schmokchman.
Oh, better watch it.
He might have said the whole word.
Goodbye, Charles Nelson Riley.
There's only about 4,000 of these, by the way.
You know how long?
I'm just going to take you.
Try a little bit of each one.
A little bit of each one.
A little bit of each one.
Are you partying?
Play them all.
What do you mean a little bit of each one?
Load them up in the buffer.
Good back, hold it now.
You mean in their entirety?
Goodbye, Dan.
No, we know about time you should go in.
Enjoy all that money you made from your restaurant.
Oh, no.
I wonder what party Fag thinks about this one.
Much of Barney, he likes it.
Goodbye, Dick Orney.
This one I'm not that crazy about.
Goodbye, you punk.
A little bit too much cotton, batten and cheese.
Goodbye, Ed Bradley.
Will miss you badly.
Now there's another guy.
Can you believe that Ed Bradley is dead?
And what's his name?
Peter Jennings, that's not possible.
Is it?
Farewell, old Will.
Eat monkey brains in hell and eat your side.
I don't think he's a few extra meals.
That's what he's doing.
He's eating monkey brains in hell, fell well, fall ball.
Not that Jewish J. Feedler.
Well, he could cheer a heath, couldn't he?
Goodbye, J. Feedler.
Now I can't feed a little bit.
Guess that's what happens when a Jew reps his hands around the fat pigs.
No, oh.
Then there's always this.
Goodbye, old Becoo.
Rides with Titsune and you fell off your ass.
What was the first part of that other word?
What was it?
What do you say?
Oh, I do like this.
What word?
Goodbye, I-O-D.
The Memories are.
You say?
Oh, I do like this.
What word?
Goodbye, I-O-D.
The Memories are.
Oh, that's left of a station that once had paid.
And for AM, that was quite a play.
Now, wasn't that the first bit I played on QAM that day?
Remember that glorious day?
December 30th, whatever it was, nine years ago, nine and a half years?
You don't have the first bit?
I played then.
And I, I hate QAM, I play those besides my age, back to that.
The very first one was the QAM.
It was that?
I hate the QAM one.
Are you sure?
Positive.
Ain't we?
Now who the hell is good by Joe?
What Joe grows out?
Joe mama?
Joe Carlroyo?
Good bye Joe.
Back up and float.
After your wife leaves you out, don't find the job.
I hear their higher rank at home.
Good bye John Defer.
Till bad you had to go flying in the next stair.
Now do you know anybody who is upset about John Defer croaking?
I don't know.
I bet you couldn't find anybody from home.
Okay so today I get the message.
I could play them all but that would be cheating and stuff.
Especially when we get to Kitty her a lot.
Because chicken neck and I only have two people.
I remember Kitty Carlisle and they would be bad.
8.79 on a pool.
Let me just click that thing where it says view current.
And those little bit of berries come popping up on my screen.
880.
Oh brother.
I have the feeling today we are going to miss it.
I think we are going to come really close and we are going to miss it.
It is like George's date with John's girlfriend.
I think you are going to come close.
We are not going to talk.
We are not going to talk about what happens if anything happens.
Why not?
Here is the big build up for the little audience and you are talking like Mr. Hotshot, Mr. Macho.
You are going to go out there and show her a thing or two that she has seen before.
Although I think you have probably seen one or two.
And we are not going to hear about it.
I am not going to go into details.
I am just making it up.
I might just do that.
I would piss off Josh.
He would stop going back to Vegas and wasting my eye on it.
He would stop.
He is being a sport.
He says he is not going to kick me out from unconscious.
881.
See now they should be coming in a big chunk.
We are going to make it.
See Christmas is the bad sign.
We are going to get it.
This is what usually happens is once I say, oh I don't think we are going to get it.
That is when they start really coming to our aid.
They start really aiding and abetting our cause.
As if it means something, which of course it doesn't.
Either way, the win win.
It is a win win for me because I won't be here tomorrow.
Bless if it is.
But if we hit $1,000, I am going back to sleep now.
Here is George.
Hey, how is the committee?
I will go to the government reforming out yesterday that has invited former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld.
Oh my God.
And other expo-s military officials to testify on the friendly fire death of former professional football player
and Army Corporal Pat Tillman.
On Wednesday, August 1st, that is today that the ratings come out George.
The committee on over-setting government reform will hold a hearing entitled the Tillman Fractor side
what the leadership of the defense department knew stated an oppressor release from the committee of representative Henry Waxman, Democratic California.
He is the guy with the mustache and the turned up nose.
Looks like he has a pig nose.
Have you ever seen Henry?
No.
You don't want to see him.
Good guy looks bad.
Like me.
Good guy, I look bad.
The hearing will examine what seem to defense department officials knew about US Army Corporal Patrick Tillman's death by Fractor side.
Hey buddy, guess what?
Whoops.
In addition to Rumsfeld, the committee has invited General Richard Myers, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, former central command head John Abysade, and three officers from the US Special Operations Command.
Last Friday, Waxman announced that the White House was asserting executive privilege on its internal communications over Tillman's death.
Things are, they assert as executive privilege on everything.
Everything is a secret.
We need to get Gary Moore, pumps the boxes in and his bed as and bring him back for I've got a secret again.
Everything is a big secret at the White House.
In their letter last week, Representative Waxman with Tom Davis, Republican of Virginia, the Republican Republican committee,
chided Secretary of Defense Robert Gates for an alternative or documents indicating how Rumsfeld and other Pentagon's death were informed of Corporal Tillman's death.
There are no documents showing how the Secretary was informed that Corporal Tillman was killed by his own unit, and there are no documents indicating when this information was provided to him, whether on May 20, 2000 or any other date they wrote.
There's nothing getting worse than getting killed by your own unit.
It wasn't clear whether the White House is asserting executive privilege relating to Waxman and Davis's request,
but also applied to internal department defense communications pertaining to these circumstances of Tillman's death.
And the beat goes on since he lives either as one Natasha and I know no one can have to look for a motion squatter.
Instead we listen to the neo-Rogis parent balance went to two hours.
893 on a poll, Chris. I think they're going to have a little short, yeah. Sometimes nature does that too.
What are you thinking?
There we go.
No, but it has a tension through their busy little day while our leadership has gone insane.
Boy, seven billion dollars is what we are paid to build a bond that makes your head of these games.
They both owns a project when the work got out about an incredible deal.
Let's show to the world who's boss is here by turning everybody queer.
Game.
Game, ball, game, ball, game head from each of us.
We can walk in prison and game their balls.
Game, ball, game, ball.
Right, so what are we going to do if they just want to give up over you?
I can't.
Then you will see a whole whole whole.
You can tell.
103 at 560, definitely a queue up. We got 895 votes.
We can't even get to 900. Forget about the 1000.
This is pretty bitter pill to swallow.
It's like taking the length you do.
It's like taking bad, bad, bad, the cough medicine.
Really bad tasting crap.
We ever had that.
So I guess we'll see you Thursday.
What does that mean?
You said if we had 1000, you were taking Thursday off.
I say a lot of crap.
Okay, don't know.
Listen.
Just forget about it.
Whatever I say, just regret it.
Okay.
Until I say otherwise.
All right, so I'm not getting a computer for Hank.
You're getting a computer for Hank, all right, dude?
I'm going to want to know what for or what why.
You need to sit that fat, stubby child on.
In fact, the two of you can teach him over lunches.
You have a few lunches.
That's a big one.
Why not?
You want to have lunch with Hank?
Are you not going to hop her now or what?
898.
First, we need to get to 9.
And once we get to 9, I know even little kids know that.
Yeah, that's right.
Then you get to 10.
But you can't get to 10 without getting to 9.
Robert Creeper, by the way, was out.
He's got malaria.
And we certainly wish him a speedy death.
That's Robert Creeper, the grim reaper Lord of the board.
The man with a short sword.
898.
What's the worst thing about your boss?
See this guy that gave us this unemployed thing?
We've only got 8.
They acted like, oh, that's going to put you over the top.
You're going to get a whole bunch because you're deadbeat audience out there.
And that's all you're going to get.
Like Bokka Brian, chicken neck.
And then they go ahead and then this other guy
pick it on Goodbye Yosuke, whatever that thing was.
Those things are great.
You're right.
I should acute everyone of those up and just pass the whole thing.
You're right.
And where did I leave off?
Oh, King Fodd.
Good bye, King Fodd.
You got your schwa-da in a rod.
Oh.
Goodbye, kitty Carlisle.
Wow, they didn't want to hear that one.
Theresa LaPore.
We only wish that she would have called.
Her butter, butter, butterfly, ballad.
Goodbye, Theresa LaPore.
We won't see you in a more than...
Sounds a little like motor, didn't it?
Goodbye, Florida's team.
Nice while it lasted.
By elating the Florida tradition of apathy.
When you play the game too well.
Next season will be hell.
900 votes.
Oh, now we're doing it, baby.
Let's see. Goodbye, Amir.
Penis, we can't play that.
Can we see that?
Goodbye, Mayor Venus.
No, we sure can't play that.
Goodbye, the clellet.
Oh, now here's one that we should play the whole thing.
Hey, it's Owick.
Now it's David.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show.
We're a juck full of zany, but good, clean gently, one.
I'm back.
I'm here and you're dead.
I didn't die that phrase, hand.
You know the pipe smoking thing's rape is funny.
Like I said.
Let's not push it too far.
Goodbye, Tancy Ramsay.
You think that backstage, Mami?
Goodbye, Phil Hartman.
Brinded you in and...
There's only like 600 more of them, okay, Freduck?
And if you anybody's upset that I'm playing all those
little pieces of them too bad, you can blame that guy.
Go, go, lynch that guy.
Go find his ass and hang him from a freaking tree, whoever said that facts.
Oh, and don't play this and don't do that and don't play readable.
And don't do, yeah, all these experts, all these mavens out there.
And you'll never guess who I just had a thing from on my space.
You'll never guess in a million years.
But I'll give you a clue and it'll make it perhaps a little bit easier.
You want to hear the clue?
No, I'll write it.
No.
No.
Worse.
Johnny can't possibly.
Chamba?
Oh, how nice.
Just to let me know that we're all on here and we're still going to be there.
We're always going to be there.
And guess who just got blocked by me on there?
Yeah.
Did you report him a spam?
No, I just blocked.
I wouldn't waste my time with it, okay?
Here's a thing from a guy.
He's 35 years old.
It says about the Panther side.
And we're listening to you since I was in eighth grade.
Back then you were a Covers fan.
We'll talk about the game that day before and each morning.
So I started watching the Covers and WGN to make sure I knew what you were talking about.
Thanks to you and unfortunately I haven't a Covers fan ever since.
Oh, I'm sorry, Pally.
Dan.
The guy's name is Dan.
Living in unbearable pain.
Maybe this year we'll change it.
They're on a roll.
They're quite a roll.
That's what I'm hearing in the room right now.
I'm not paying any attention.
Are they rolling it?
Chris?
Yeah, they're actually going to the Web last couple of games.
They're rolling it and Georgia smoking it.
I have a few fan ships that are outside of the Amel's Assault Florida.
And I'm going to tell you about Cubs, the Mans and the A's.
As always, enjoy to explain to people I became a Covers fan.
Listening to my boy, Neil.
Sorry for being a little too sports intensive here.
Hey, you ought to be, Dan.
We just wanted to say thanks for the years of entertainment
and sitting on a course of Cubs torture.
I know you're also optimistic about the Panther organization this year,
but just want to let you know that a few of us have taken it upon ourselves
to try to get the word out that we indeed have a team in South Florida.
And they finally are primed to ready for a playoff run,
not a cup run, big difference.
Yes. However, there are die-hard Panther fans out there.
Yeah, there's some die-hard Panther fans.
But turn it in, man.
I am. And this year because we don't have the games,
y'all, I had to pay for the tickets by self.
And I paid for them.
John goes to a bunch of games, you know, and so I'm more power-to- them.
And then I can give some away too.
Not that you guys would go.
And I thought we wouldn't do you anyway.
It's this big difference.
Yes, over this die-hard Panther fans out there.
Here's the link to the only one of its kind,
dedicated to Panther's, and it's got a link.
My first and relatively easy post is entitled,
Iron Idiot, and my name is Panther's, whatever his name is.
Thanks, Dan.
Good luck to you.
Let's get a little hockey intensive here.
Blow the whole audience out.
What do you say?
I'm not going to hockey, but I mean, nobody cares.
Let's do a show on Harness Racing.
Come on.
I'll throw door and wide, followed up by O'Brien.
I like the dock.
I like the number one reason.
And then in Geota, and they get on back, it's getting it back.
They get on back, and he takes and gives,
and takes and shakes and quakes.
It wouldn't be strong.
Oh, it's that obnoxious Bobby Clark.
Hubby or Andrea or Bobby, you bastard you.
There's Leafs TV.
On a wine, and whereas a club team, it's...
Yeah, there's a lot of hockey stuff here all the time.
You wonder why?
Because these people are insane with the term obsessed.
But you know something?
I'd rather be living around people obsessed with hockey
than obsessed with killing each other.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know.
I'm saying it's an uncivilized country that you live in.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
Here's another one from Dan.
Also, if you do check out the Panthers,
like this we grab the players that not spelled correctly on the pool.
I had nothing to do with that.
I probably don't worry Dan, we don't give no points
for a spelling on this show, okay?
Or for grammar or literacy.
918 on the plural, Chris.
918, old bean.
How do you like that?
I told you.
Where the hell did that come from?
All of a sudden, that flurry.
I started talking right away with Theo with a flurry,
who was sleeping in the back seat when all that molestation was going on.
He didn't know nothing.
He didn't know that nobody was getting molested.
919, that means we need 81 votes.
We got 50 minutes.
It says way less than two a minute.
I think we are going to do it today.
I think Chris Wayland is going to be Wayland.
And he promises if we get to a thousand of you going to sing a song
before the end of the show today.
Oh, when that be great, George?
No.
It'll be wonderful.
I think we respect tackers.
Something special.
Like you can sing that...
You can do that without without the bleeps in it.
Sure.
Or you can sing the rean with that umbrella song.
You like that?
I'm both really bored, I know.
Valerie Boraline in the Wall Street Journal writes political woes,
dog Republicans all across the South.
Seven Florida, of course, because it's a Yahoo state.
How much is it that they raised most of them in two-wig and temple terrors,
places like that, places that last they were used to talk about
Western peace, blah-boh.
The Republican-led South Carolina legislature was in the final
throw as of a bitter-session-less month when mortar criminal charges against
the high-ranking state officials swept through both chambers.
A federal grand jury just handed up an indictment against
Treasure Thomas Ravenell, one of the state's leading political families,
for allegedly distributing cocaine.
Mr. Ravenell, who had recently defeated the Democratic incumbent who held
office for 36 years, was a statewide chairman for Rudy Giuliani's
presidential campaign, what has historically been in the size of early
primary state.
The indictment is just one of many political headaches across the South.
They're making Republicans look more vulnerable than they have in years to
losing ground in the region's legislatures and state houses, to which we say,
thank God.
Not that Democrats are good, it's just that the Republicans are,
ah, so bad and so dangerous.
Though there aren't any side that I'm losing their dominance in the region,
they want formidable solid South Coalition's day fours and eighties
and nineties and a century of Democrat dominion, every other way to messy
schisms in fighting, how like Georgia's marriage?
Unless the SEC is in fighting today, they look like they bitterly divided
Democrats of three decades ago.
And it goes on about this one is a crook, and that one's the son of a bitch,
and this one's a bastardo, and this one is, you know,
a philanderer and screwing around, who's son of a bitch?
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes
yes, yes, yes, the neck the neck, with the mouth, with thedemon-hust the neck and fest the  Pearson don't deny it, everyone, and the alternatives sit down how many are you, who are one? Why not stop the vehicle, what just turn before the car clock the zw~~
Oh boy man, I've said it one thing. It's the dog days and some of you. The interesting
thing about your friend, the chamba, if you look at his, he's got one friend. That is
a Myspace page. Is it you, the Neil Watt show? No. Tom. And where it's got the new thing
now for the mood? It says lonely. I'm sure. And most of the pictures he's got on there
all by his cell. Here's the guy, Sport and Hollywood, who's got a picture of a car instead
of a picture of his cell. He said, and wait until you hear this. How you doing my best
est friend in the world? Anyway, have you ever had a chance to check out in the movies I suggested
or warn you about? What did you think if he did? I don't know what the hell they were. You
know, have you remind me? I don't know. Also, here comes the best part. I want you to listen
very carefully to this. Also, just wondering, are you ever open to investment ideas or are
you pretty much set with playing horses at some point? Yeah. You really look at for some
investment opportunities. I'm sure. I mean, if you look up at a Chinese dictionary,
the word stuch, that's it. That's one. That's a stuch, a stab to the heart, not the back
even to the heart. Are you ever open to investment opportunities or pretty much set with playing
horses at Cedera? Let's see, delete. Go away. Go away. Let me go back and read about the
Panther stuff again, please. Okay, here's the good news though. 954 votes. We got a real
solid shot. I would say it's actually rock solid. That's right. Told it. 9.54 and we need
46 mole in 40 minutes. That's just really more than one minute. The worst thing about your
boss? Rip of an ass. Don't give me this. He's a great boss. I have a great boss. 260 is leading
the way I am. The boss. 231. He's in a hole. 112. He doesn't support his people. 76. He's
cheap. 48. He's got his qualified as me. 47. But then again, who is? You know, don't we all think
that? Yep. But in my case, he's ungrateful. 47. He takes credit for the work of others. 35. And
don't they all. Don't they all absolutely. I'm unemployed. 34. That's moving up there.
Now all the deadbeats are finally a how the hell are the deadbeats getting online? Library.
Is that where they're going to library? Jess. What do you mean the deadbeats are finding a way
to get online and the Humper, you know, with all the money he's making? You know, I mean,
you need to sit him down and have a talk and to from me. Tell him a heart to heart talk.
I'm serious. You talking to George? No. Both of you. Right. Yes, I am. Listen, I'm working
on Chris Longray. Chris is my project right now. I offered to buy him roller skates.
If you got a brand new pair of roller skates. Right. Yeah. And I got a brand new key. Yeah.
Yeah. But I'm hiding it in my back. Don't. Anyway, let's finish with this. Well, you're not
going to do it. You know, and he won't do it anyway. You know, it's like, well, he's going
to get him nothing to take his blood sugar and he refuses. I don't know. You know, it's
on the news that they came up with these new seven wonders of the world. The revised
edition. And he was one of them, the Humper. Anyway, the worst thing about your boss. He's
ungrateful for these 70 things. Credit for the work of others. 36. I'm unemployed. 34.
He's a member of 29. He's in competent 24. He's a workaholic six. And he's a brutal taskmaster
five. He works everywhere like crazy, like a sunbitch. Those last two are kind of weak.
Sorry, Professor. They don't like our choices. 964 on there. We're going to do it. We are
going to do it. And then you'll see they're going to stop the press at the freaking USA
today. Washington Post, New York Times, LA Times, Detroit Free Press, the Buffalo evening
news, the Rochester Democrat and Chronicle and the Times Union. They're going to stop the
press. You'll see. Forget about the old and the sun sent them. They don't want to give
us any publicity because they got their nose up there as to cross the street. That's
what it's all about. Am I right about that? You spread the fact that we allow those people
to just abort this radio station and they give us nothing. And they put that puff
piece in here about all while the Joel Fiber says the Panthers are poised to make her
run out of the Stanley Cup. That's got to be I am that him the most ridiculous thing
I've ever read in my life. That's like saying that the ticket's going to have 10 shares
in the next book when the book comes out. Oh, they're going to have 10 double digits.
Sure. Like you're drinking potentially would say, yeah, sure. You crazy bastards. 964.
We're going to go well over a thousand. Chris, see now it's safe to say we got to
make. Yeah, I told you 966 34 votes in 38 minutes. Even a deaf, dumb and blind man could
do that. So we have a few even chamba. Even he could do that. That wouldn't go that far.
Says I'll be talking all of you soon on the right now. You won't be talking to me. I don't
take any stupid ass calls. Okay, Schmuck. And you're one of the reasons you're one of the
main reasons you and your little band of misfits. I'm lonely. I can't imagine why you're
lonely. Okay. You wonder why you're lonely because you're an idiot. You're pathetic.
You're tragic. You're subhuman. You're a duty box. 967. We need 33 more votes. And once
we get to a thousand, I think at that point we pay, I'll play, I know what I want to
play. We get to a thousand. And I got, I got an email on my space from a young lady,
one of our lady, one of our four lady listeners. And she said, you go and keep playing that.
It's the best. It's the bomb. It's the Schmidt. It's what she said. Good. Well, what do you
say? But you won't play it. You so I like you play it. Look, it's getting played. But
I'm lonely on twice a week. So there you go. It's getting played enough. You've got to keep
those numbers up there, man. I'm Monday, Wednesday and Friday, especially with the big
bucks that you're getting paid to do those extra shows. Yeah. 968, that's category. We need
only 32 more. I got to just stiff neck. That's usually a sign of a stroke. Is it? Well,
it could be or it's time that you're going to get any sleep. That could be a two. But
it's very soon. In fact, I may just lay down on the floor here right at two o'clock
and sleep like, like forever, like Rip Van Winkle. Till Thursday morning at 10. Conditions
for children in Iraq have deteriorated sharply in recent years as the humanitarian play
has fallen largely into neglect. A senior UNICEF official say yesterday. I have no doubt
whatsoever that today's condition is much worse than tool acting deputy executive director
of the UN Children's Fund told journalists after me asked for a comparison with a situation
under Saddam Hussein's regime. Those poor backshades over there, they're begging bring
them back. Even with a broken neck, bring them back, please. Bring back Saddam. Children
who had to flee Iraq and millions have fled are much worse off than a year ago and there's
certainly much worse off than they were three years ago. He said. Tool said there were
signs that the health and nutrition for Iraqi children was changing for the worst despite
recently released two year old indicators that had shown signs of an improvement. UNICEF
said the information bleened from people leaving Iraq and from the agencies acquired limited
access within the country indicated that the number of female headed households has increased
dramatically because mostly men have been killed in the violence there. Many of those women
are too frightened to bring their children to health clinics. Many are too frightened
to send their children to school and so maybe playing dungeons and dragons like that couple.
Don't you think they should be executed like Iraq on TV? Yes, yes. Yes. Yes.
What a sword. Only two thirds of Iraqis have access to clean water according to UNICEF.
My concern is that the focus on Iraq is the political situation. These security
situations, not on the lines of Iraqis living day in day out with deprivation with like a
fool with like a medical supplies. He said that says something about the attention of the
world, the attention of our leaders to let it urging a greater focus on the impact on children.
He says UNICEF says it's a program for children and a lack of money received about a third
of the funding they need. Well, who cares about those kids? There's FTA. FTA,
FTA, future terrorists of the world. That would that would be the good. Excuse right? Sure.
When in doubt, staff of all those future terrorists, all the Mishmata heads. That's what Dick Taney
would say. When in doubt, take him out. I'd like to take him out for lunch and do something
like an electrical thing to mess up his pacemaker. Wouldn't that be fun? Right in the middle of his
a turkey sandwich. 973R world famous for we're going to make a thousand a day and then even Tom Jikka's
going to sit up and take note. He ain't going to say anything about it. He'll sit up and take note. He hates me.
And you want to know why because he's like he can't handle the truth.
You.
You.
You.
So what's going on in the world of sports today?
Nothing.
Oh, come on. There's got to be something sports related. We can disinterest our audience in today.
No, man. I mean, there's nothing to just some days. Nothing's going on with sports, man.
Well, turn on ESPN. Maybe they got chicken chasing us.
Telling you, man, there's nothing going on. That's unacceptable. I mean, didn't any
millionaire athletes murder somebody? Not today. Well, you think maybe we should try something
that would be entertaining? No way, dude. That's work. Right, young?
The situation here is only sports. It fits us hard in the shorts.
We're now casting only this new music, chick's or politics. Keep it easy and safe.
We broadcast the news. Just don't shout out sport, hold it every day.
We bow our heads and deep respect you, Jack, to make the family day and we're closet days.
If you are so, your alarm is set, it might as well go back to set.
We talk about when Michael Rose and Jack's back and just lose control.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I keep on watching.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
That's what I do.
Enjoy your broadcast.
Okay, so what's the score? 102 at 5.65 o'clock, I will tell you the score on the poll.
990. Even George can smell it now. Can't you? Can you smell it?
It smells something. That is that Russian bitch from Woodbuy.
Oh, man. I mean, listen.
We all have had worse happen. I told you that.
I had the accidents and the pantaloonies, okay?
I'm sure I didn't smell too good, but I made it a point to stay to avoid being
when you're anybody and I rushed away from anybody who got near me.
I'm saying so that they wouldn't have to swoon and their eyes wouldn't be
watering and like, but I mean, Jesus, she is sitting there and you notice I
spelled that without any extra letters.
Very proud.
Right next to me, I swear that she may have had the same kind of accident.
Because I don't think that anything gaseous could possibly, I don't know, I don't
want to get too graphic, you know what I mean?
Some people may still be adding up for lunch.
9.95, Chris.
How do you like that?
Oh, I love it.
Mr. Hatchai.
Yeah, you love it.
And I did it all on my own too.
You never even can do it.
You never dreamed of it.
You never.
What do we start out with about eight votes?
10 o'clock?
Not, and it wasn't too good.
It was like about 500 or something like that.
Then if Joel, if I'm Joel, fine, we're going to have guilty on here.
You see, that's what's going on now, Joel.
Now that you've got the weak sisters of the poor on here, the leftovers that nobody else
wants, now you're going to have like 80 million votes.
And when the numbers come up, we're going to have zidians and you're going to be back
to your old numbers again, starting with M1's and O's like that.
9.95, I think we can count this right on in there, can we?
Yeah, although now, Eric, yeah, I can smell it because I just clicked it and nothing
happened.
Eris got his foot on a break just like in the hit your.
Remember, he put that thing, what did he put on a break?
And the truck at toolbox or something.
Was it?
9.96?
We need only four more.
I better get the man that's stuck to him.
I don't want to play a whole lot of that because this is anti-climactic.
We know we're going to make it.
That's what he called for when it's real, you know, when it's like really endowed.
Yes.
See, that's like low key.
Yes.
Like that, as opposed to you know, you agree with me?
Yeah, because we know for some time now this hour that they came through for us.
9.97, only three more.
We get 1,000 a man, then I can take the rest of the month off.
No.
Why not?
You tell me, what do you care?
Is that a shot at George?
Never, I love George.
Look at the money George is making for filling in.
And then the two of you can sit down and cry.
Although at least he's getting to take out that Russian and that Russian chick.
Of course Chris is okay.
We can't talk about it on the air, but he's all right.
Right Chris, we can't talk about it on the air.
9.98?
Yes.
What?
He was mostly about it.
Who talked about it?
He didn't answer because he can't talk about it.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
It's personal, you know.
This is business and that's personal.
And I'm just ecstatic for it.
You know.
What?
A guy like you who is not perhaps 9.99, I don't want to say it.
Yes!
Uh oh.
Yes!
I'll leave it up to Chris to do the job because when you click that baby one more time,
next one, if we had a million dollars to give away, we'd give it to the thousandth phone on there.
You know.
I'm clicking right now.
Are you clicking it?
Well voting, you know.
Check that.
Oh, you can't hold.
You have another would you have to do?
We got a thousand to check that out.
That's not what you want to play like.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
One more.
Yes!
Okay.
And you had doubts.
Thousand to.
Not what?
You had doubts.
Of course I had my doubts.
Well why should I believe in?
I'm the 17th of July.
Even in a lifeless place like Freak and South Florida, I mean I'm sorry.
But it's just to me a major miracle.
And you know what you said last week one day, you said the audience is back.
And spider Joel Bell.
Isn't that what you said instead of spider that fat ass over Bell?
Yeah, there was ratings.
That's what Chris said.
Take a look at those numbers.
And now the poll results.
It shows there's somebody out there dealing around with this show.
At least on Tuesday and Thursday now, I don't know what Georgia's doing with those polls like that one yesterday.
You better come up with something better than that.
It's a little stronger.
Remember on the first team they always used to say that, oh that's really strong D-fold, that's really strong.
Is that like guide talk?
Is that how guide talk?
Sports the guys, you know.
Oh that's really strong D-fold, that's really strong.
You're really strong.
Quite a comment.
Is really strong.
Do you have any idea how obnoxious I find that?
I mean you, I mean we know about you because you're just the anti-sparktaker sports person.
I am not.
I live and die with the teams that I root for, okay.
Two of them.
But other than that, it's just, but the, but the, but it's a game.
It's a pastime.
It's not your life.
It's not something anybody ought to be talking about in the middle of freaking July when it's 400 degrees outside.
And it is played along by Gianza.
Played along.
So if I ever hear Doc Emmer say played along one more time, I'm going to take a, I'm going to snack his ball spot.
Which is his whole head.
You know Doc Emmer?
Of course you know.
Why not?
I don't.
Well here's an old Stanley Cup game.
Let's get some old league games on from 100 years ago when they were good and actually won something.
I hear the rumor around town is the panthers of Poise to make a run for the Stanley Cup.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what Joel Feiberg is saying.
That's the kind of proper game that he's coming up with being the professional BS artist that he is.
Oh yeah.
You remember I had, I had a great line for them when they started when they put that crap on it.
And they were going to knock us off.
And of course basically we knocked ourselves down and yeah, total incompetence.
And I said you can't talk to yourself in a number like syndicate.
Oh my God, we're on New York.
And what if they talk a lot though?
Yeah.
About jog straps.
What was the Abraini Quinn stuff?
Somebody sent me some Abraini Quinn and I looked at it and I forgot what the hell it was.
What was that?
Was that on my space?
I don't know.
I mean I got Brady Quinn everywhere.
I got him on the wall.
I got him on the ceiling.
I got him on the floor.
I got him back.
2005 votes on our world famous pool.
You mark my words Wall Street Journal.
These days showed him our own Matt Lauer is going to bring Katie Kirk back from the CBS TV news.
And they're going to dance at Kazzowski.
Neil Rogers got 1000 and Biblita votes yesterday.
On the 17th of July on his marginal show on QAM.
At Tom Jekka hates like Poison by the way.
Because Tom, you know what Tom's biggest problem is?
He's bald and stupid.
So you're not supposed to say that because then it's not worth the effort for me to find where it says.
But that was a good guess though.
Call number five.
Well look at this.
Here's a thing.
I can't believe that we're actually given something away.
Call number five right now to the WQM contest line.
Windsor $50 gift certificate to rivals waterfronts sports grill.
1-800-227-0560.
Call number five gets that $50 gift certificate to rivals.
That's nice.
Well, we're going to be doing this all the time.
We did it last week.
Call number five right now.
1-800-227-0560.
Now is Raleigh Raleigh Polly?
Is he the one that's answering the phone?
Yes.
Right.
Until they fired him.
I was just going to say until they bring somebody in from Raleigh to fire his ass.
Well, his days are numbered.
Like I'm not one true.
Yeah.
And so hopefully our Jolly Joseph, we don't get some speaking numbers.
August 1st, don't forget it's a Wednesday.
George, do a great job that day when the book comes out.
We don't even know.
We're coming in that day.
Yeah, you're going to make a cameo.
Holy Makinah!
This is Joe Boyle on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Garth.
You love it at the ballpark.
Now, get that great stadium organ sound every day with the personal stadium organ.
The personal stadium organ is perfect for any occasion to hurry up a long line at the DMV.
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
Next quiz!
When the boss is angry.
The wall's key!
Get in here!
And when you and the missus are in the mood, are you ready on it?
Shout-out!
It's the perfect way to root on your home drum line.
Get a personal stadium organ today!
145 at 560 WQM.
We got our thousand votes with plenty of spare.
Everything is marvelous, ain't it?
Yeah, sure.
Whatever Frankie Pintenzley says.
I wish I knew what the hell network that was.
It was carrying all the, you know,
you ever have that happen when you watch something on TV and you don't know what you're on?
And then what do you do?
You press the remote and from info button and you find out.
No, no, I'm not talking about that.
I'm not watching it now.
I'm talking about it's exactly the fact.
I know that.
Oh, then you forget about it.
You forget about it.
You forget about it.
You forget about it.
I couldn't find out what channel was when I was watching it.
Jesus, God, and Joseph, man, you, you know, this,
this goes on social security.
I got a walker in a clostomy bag.
Don't, don't jump all over my old ass.
A joint congressional subcommittee hearing has been scheduled on storm tracking
at the National Hurricane Center.
Oh, let's pray to the Lord we don't have no hurry came, you know?
During the hearing, the hurricanes now out in directed bill,
Perenza was expected test of out.
It's coming up Thursday.
Perenza went on leave from his position to set up the hurricane center around the 9th of July.
Deputy director and rapper for to swim for instance duties on an interim basis.
And the rapper for it as we know we've seen him doing all the hurricanes on TV a lot, right?
Yeah.
Nice guy, very boring.
Very boring.
Now this boring is Kim Bockamper but almost.
Perenza is spoken out about the aging quick scat weather satellite
and come under fire from his staff.
Quick scat.
They sent him damaged public confidence in their abilities, exaggerated problems that hurt staff morale.
But that brings back memories of hamster damn.
Quick scat.
Perenza assumed the job in January replacing long time director Max Mayfield,
who also we all remember and was incredibly boring.
He had a personality like a dead man.
Conrad Lautenbecker had a noa, was said to testifies well Thursday.
The Energy and Environment Subcommittee Investigations oversight committee
will be holding the hearing 10 o'clock Thursday morning.
Noa spokesman Anson Franklin, who may be related to Anson Carter,
or Anson, what's his name from happy days?
I can't remember.
What's his name?
Anson Williams.
So the agency was preparing.
We're currently working on the tales of the hearing with committee staff.
He says, and they're gonna like to rake somebody over the coast.
Probably this four points ago because nobody can pronounce his name.
Hey Billy Boy, you had it man.
You're next.
You're gonna stoke your ass over the coals.
I'll probably take your ass out and linch you in field somewhere.
A legend of the Columbia Dunderworld appeared in Courier's today,
hoping to escape extra edition to the US by taking advantage of an embassy legislation.
This is from the Scotsman.
Diego Morello, better known by the Dunderworld Aelius Don Berna,
surrendered in 2005 as part of a peace process
with right wing paramilitaries of the United States self-defense forces of Columbia,
so far more than 30,000 fighters.
But third man.
And given up their weapons.
What is it with Columbia?
I mean, what is this story with that country?
You know, there's so many beautiful people.
Huh? They got coke.
Yeah.
Well things go better.
This part of the deal, the demobilized permilitaries who confess to their crimes face a maximum of seven years in the work form
and are shielded from extra edition,
is it in my correct and seen that the last break this hour only three minutes Chris?
That's correct.
Well what kind of comedy is bunch of a horse crap is that?
Three minute break.
You know, something about this sales department,
I'm gonna send you where Adam wanna say it.
Well, three and a half with your rejoiners.
Oh, you got a long rejoin?
Sure.
Well, it's a good thing you told me that.
You're welcome.
Because if I'm back timing and you screw me up with one of those long rejoins and I'm counting on like,
hey, this is the makes you poop it from the morlins and you're like that.
Scruze up all my plans like Tessio said.
You can't do that.
Scruze up all my plans.
We finally got Tessio on there.
When hell is it?
Can I find it, you think?
Shouldn't it be under Tessio?
It's all there it is.
Scruze up all.
It's scruze up all my arrangements.
Yeah, right, oh there's arrangements.
Now now you're a real Godfather scholar if you know that he said instead of it scruze up all my plans
or scruze up all my arrangements, he said, scruze up all my arrangements.
How do you like that?
As part of the deal, the mobilized paramilitaries who confess to their crimes face some acts of seven years
in the work form and are children from that tradition,
this is especially relevant for Don Berna,
who has an institution where it's pending for drug trafficking.
After 25 years in the criminal underworld, Don Berna knows far too much
and could implicate senior politicians and members of the security forces.
However, he's got so far denied even being a drug trafficker,
although DEA sources admit that he's one paramilitary leader of their desperate to get their hands on.
Oh, there's a lot of Colombians on desperate to get my hands on.
Mmm.
Mamalamia.
You.
What?
I've never been...
What?
I've never been involved directly in drug trafficking.
And if all my life against his scourge, he told the Scotsman in a written review in 2004.
I'm meeting Don Berna, it's hard to see what all the fuss is about.
A short, stocky man with a pot belly, he appears to lack sophisticated and displays a rudimentary education.
You know what that reminds me of the scene in Godfather 2,
where Robert De Niro goes back to Cholione.
Was that done to...
was done in the cheat-cheo?
What was that guy's name?
Which one, the guy that...
Did he cheat that?
Yeah, the one that he stabbed.
Yeah, my name is Anthony Andolini or whatever it was.
Right.
Antonio Andolini.
And this is for you.
And then of course, for what's his name?
For Don Schmendrick, he gets shot in the leg.
Which is why he's walking around like peg-like baits the rest of the movie there.
What was his name, Don?
Tom Hussing.
Okay, there he goes.
Don, Tom Hussing.
Hey, don't miss he was one of the glasses in the eye.
Maybe I know him all.
I owe Don, no.
What does Don?
Yeah.
Andol, Don Cholione.
And then of course, the scene with the senator, you know, the smart asser.
The Carlyon family, the Carlyon.
My offer to you is this senator, nothing.
Now that's a great scene.
Where he's given a son of dance.
He don't like your kind of people.
And then of course, he winds up in that flusy joint there with that hooker, that dead hooker.
Yeah.
Because now I guess that was probably just a coincidence.
It was lucky for him that it just happened to be owned by the Cholione family.
That's right.
That freighter was running that joint, that hooker joint with all those prostitutas.
Of course, we know that it's fiction because politicians don't, you know, they can serve
with prostitutas.
That's right.
Unless they're Republicans.
And Ted Kennedy.
I don't think Ted ever had to do no prostitutas, huh?
You don't know.
What could be?
It could be.
I don't think so.
I wouldn't put it past it.
I mean, any family were a Bobby and Jack were doing Marilyn Monroe.
I'm sure that they had plenty of freebies as a liner.
They had to go like paying for it, at least not directly anyway.
Remember, you don't pay them for the sex.
You pay them to leave afterwards.
And keep their mouth shut.
That's extra.
Or is that what's going to happen with the George Corners' girlfriend this weekend?
How much are you going to pay her?
How much is a schlepper like you going to pay her, huh?
It will work something out.
Yeah, I think I see one or two of those myself that you're talking about working out.
When they doubt work it out, that's what they say.
But this whole thing to me sounds so contrived.
I mean, the idea.
George Corners, if he really thought that there was any chance of something going on there,
he would come in with an oozy and blow you to snittery ins, wouldn't he?
Maybe.
He would blow you to bits.
You know what kind of policy they have?
Unless, of course, you were right a couple of weeks ago when you were talking about all the flandering and screwing around.
He's going to be doing in Vegas, which I can't believe a good clean cowboy like him.
There would be like Tom Brady impregnating all those chicks.
I remember I had a town that could have a beautiful life.
At Flight 6-0 WQA.
I'm dying over here.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
We down in Jamaica in the capital, bean.
Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that neighborhood.
They tell you this country where the gun's a bit good.
Rastaman has some he want to sell.
And from a mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up this cliff and smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
You'll be carrying lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your long sun black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say.
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
They begin to puff and choke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
Mama's Elha's son, you are a rastaman.
You like to smoke the giant's cliff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
A bite deeper for you, bite the ounce of nip out.
Rastaman is a hit to her.
Mama, you're right.
They gun should be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and choke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke gun, just smoke, smoke.
They gun should be good.
Bye, bye, bye.
You got to take advantage of it.
It's simple percentage move for Freddie.
And he's got to start taking it.
Was there something in that one that I missed?
