Auto sub, Auto sub, Auto sub doulate
Looking for love in a deceptive way
Which of those pictures don't move from my face
Oh and we're out of my asshole of fake profile
I could be good looking or a fat hairy a
My lower gain or maybe just strange
Look at all my girl little friends that I've got so far
W-Want a toy, T-t-t-t sozusagen
Fin the time
All the time
Your daughter find the shakes
We need God, who has no life
Full of mine, full of mine
Full of mine, full of mine
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly lonely
You never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Full of mine, full of mine
Full of mine, full of mine
I'm full of mine, you're changing over both days lies
The answer gets away, still of mine
Who are you and you are divine?
Full of mine, full of mine
Full of mine, full of mine
It's a 10 or 3 or 5 60 W. Kim speeder level online in the business
I still can't stand on it, stupid ass my spreece thing
Because we've been blocked, baby
Because some lunatic, the same lunatic, who is a crazy person with no life
Who was playing the game the other day
He evidently reported Spain
We're on a suspended sentence for something like that
We're on what would you call it?
Probation
Yeah, there you go, you're being investigated
We're being investigated because we have a crazy person out there
At least one, I'm the other end of the line
But that's not unusual in some form
Especially, yeah
Here's the poll result from yesterday
And then like I said at 11.30, clearance threatens that we get the hour by hour
And I just, uh, Jert says we're going to be number one in midday
That was prediction, you know
We really got, we really got the whole thing
We've been ready December and it's just a fallout of the diaries, man
And nobody who speaks English got diaries out of it
And they've said, except, uh, uh, scared America actually went up
I mean, not gigantic, but they went up quite a bit there for that, you know
Explain me that
I don't know, who the hell knows?
Our people just didn't get no diaries
Which of these things is most likely to happen in 2007 is our poll question from yesterday?
1552 votes, not a bad poll if I do say so myself
In fact, there was a, uh, a caller again, a listener, a factor, a somebody, a person
The US will attack your ran 641
Oh my god
Oh boy, 41.3% believe that'll happen
Neil will allow for the MySpace friend to 130, wouldn't that be three?
Jim added to work a full week without taking a day off
And I think this is the day he's, uh, he's penciled in here for today
Wouldn't that be something?
Oh right
Which could be the week that that becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy or whatever that means
173 said that
W will be impeached
Oh, we can only pray cross your legs like a praying mantras baby
W will be impeached 120
I hate this 405, the usual South Florida
What ever it is, there's an element out there they hate it
Hank will lose an ounce or two, a hundred ounce
I want to be superior to you or two or three even
That was funny
Wayne will sell it off in Zity
George will get his own show on QM 54
You pulled away, there in the end, you did a masterful thing, you pulled away from the mo-myster
Thank god
Everyone like hell too, especially if he's picket and dingal berries
Mo will return to QM only 41, so he edged him up by 13
Not even close, well done
Wow
Q-A-N, hello
I'm normal
Ah, yeah, you're normal
When in this crowd I would agree with that
And we also want you to be dead, okay, very very soon
Dead, really dead, not just slightly dead, but very dead
Very deep in the ground, in other words about two thirds of the way to China
Here's the poll for today that we got going, how's it going?
800-nade votes, what's the main reason you'd never, you've never called Neil
I see that the result of this poll generally speak and I can handle it
Whether I agree with it or whatever, but I just don't believe this, do you?
What?
The main reason you've never called Neil
Well, the leading one is I have called 217, 26.8% of the people out there have called this show
I believe in you, that sounds like a total, the grand total, yeah
You believe that?
Yeah
We got 800-nade votes, which will make our 1000 easy again today, thank the Lord
But over a quarter of them have called this show, well, apparently not recently
Right
I have called 217, I haven't been on for a long time, they might have called 10 years ago
Yeah, that's obviously, I have no material 203, that's also obvious
Which isn't stopping them, although you have to see the question, what's the main reason you've never called
I have no material, well that doesn't stop a lot of people who do call, who have no material
I don't call anybody 152
That's 150, you don't call anybody, too busy to wait, 139, they don't want to wait on line
I'm afraid to get ripped 50, what about your woosses man, I'm afraid to get ripped Neil's gonna rip my ass
Yeah
I hate this poll, only 27, a mere 3.3% they must, they like it
So that's obviously a question we should have asked before we started
You like it?
Yeah, they like it
I don't have a phone, 14, what kind of a person doesn't have a phone, rubbish
Well, we don't have no amish or amish, I don't think so
And don't want my voice recognized, 13, yeah, the bill collectors will be like a trade, we'll be tracing the call, all kinds of crap, all break loose
26.3% of you say that you have called this show
Well look at that former representative Bob Nea of Ohio, who sentenced to 30 months in prison, Republican Bob Nea
Alright
Now which money python, what was that in what they were doing the knees stuff?
Nea?
Nea, what was that?
Holy Grail
Holy Grail
Nobody like Monty Python baby, they are the best, yes
The BDQYM, hello
Yes, good morning
Yes sir
Yes, I was nobody ripped my ass
Yeah, we like to
And over back to him
Tommy, what's going on with Tommy this weekend and what you're taking on that?
What's going on with him?
I hear he's getting laid several times before the game, that's what I heard
Just a rumor though, and anybody who wouldn't believe it
Oh no, those athletes certainly aren't having those sexual relations before they played those big games right
What do you think keeps his smile on their face?
826 votes on the pool and of course everybody calls, everybody's a call now
All of a sudden, out of the clear blue from nowhere to everybody's a caller
WQYM, hello
See, right there, that one in the air got panicky
They probably don't have a phone
QYM, hello
Hey Nea
Yes sir
One of the guys that you chat with on my space, I want to take out the dinner tonight
What do you say?
I say
No friends
566705, yeah take me after dinner tonight
Well get on the plane right now because if you're going to be here by dinner time
You better be on the way to the airport right now
Just amazing to me the number of people that think I'm stuck down there, it's in a sewer with them
Mm-hmm
Living in an amazing?
It never ceases too
Although maybe a lot of those frustrated people will be calling in because I can't respond to them
I can only reply to my personal close friends I've made on there through their email
Which evidently they're not looking at today and that's okay
That's okay, there's no emergency
And I think from clearance I just can't wait I'm waiting with baited breath for that
Aren't you?
Yeah
Now you're going to have to partake in that too
We ought to go in the air, how do I want?
Yes
Oh that's right because you went on the air person, wow that is scary
I get the worst of both worlds though
I get to do all the extra stuff because I'm on the air but I don't get paid like I am
I see
Well you better not start sounding so down and depressed okay get out of the dumps now
Sorry
WDQA and hello
Neo good story for you and George
Yes sir, if that's by us today in Pinecret bank
OJ Simpson
No way
Yep, he wants you watch into the bank, goes into the back
I left him a little love letter on his car
I asked him if he was keeping his knife sharp and we waited from the amount of the back
And when he came out his head was on a swivel
It was hilarious
How do you know which car?
How do you know?
Yeah, there he goes, he's gone
Oh man, totally bogus
Totally bogus
But like these people say they have no material so this guy just made it up
Pinecrest, where is Pinecrest?
Over Yellinger
No, seriously, that was Pinecrest
You know, did land mall?
So that's possible obviously because he lives in Kendall, your buddy OJ
So maybe this true but of course how would I know what he have known?
Well OJ's car
I mean he's got a big thing on her that says hey this is my car I'm OJ and I'm a murderer
And if I did it this is how I'd done this and by the way come over here and I'll slice your ass up or something like that
Oh man
But there's a classic example of a guy who had some great material
26.1% of the audiences that they have called out of 838 votes
Anybody buying that?
No
Anybody believe there's a chance of that?
No
WQAM, hello
QAM?
Yeah, you don't need one
Okay sir
What's up man, long time I haven't heard from you man, I just got back to the world
I'll call you again soon
What happened?
I said what do you got?
No, I just got back from Iraq man, I was stationed up in South Carolina
Yeah
I'm wondering why is it anybody trying to get us back from over there man?
What's going on?
Because you live in the fascist USA that's the problem man
They got bigger fish to fry like ball games and stuff like that
Yeah man they're my girlfriend
They're in some of the stores, huh?
You fell in love with George?
Yeah, well I guess fruit man I say go back is what I say
Yeah he's been in Iraq
Everybody's in love with George, isn't that amazing?
Yeah, right
Or a Georgia Georgia's daughter one way or another maybe both
Maybe who I want to be
Well, isn't that always the way it works?
It is
It's the way it is
Everybody loves this
Except those people that we want to love us like passionately like
Oh like that, you know
Even if it's just for fun
845 votes, the main reason you've never called Neil I have called
They insist on a 221 26.1%
I have no material 212
No, who could believe that?
I don't call anybody 160
I don't call anybody
Oh brother, I don't want to say this
South Florida ambiance is a little on the anti-social side
But nevertheless, two bussied away to 143
I'm afraid to get ripped 53
I hate this poll 27
A mere 3.1% they likes it
I don't have a phone 16
And I don't want my voice recognized 13
I'm in hiding
Through the callers
Oh
Went to a necktie party
Oh
Over in a rack
The guest of honor was Sadam Hussein
He won't be coming back
When I got to the necktie party
Lots of men were there
They all came to see Sadam
Swinging in the air
And it's she-yes now
I heard those Muslims yell
Right before the strungum of
They said you could go to hell
The Sadam Hussein was evil
A murder or no less
But since our country's gotten involved
The rack is just a mess
There's no time at warheads
No double UMD
They put a sit-down on trial for crimes
Against humanity
And it's she-yes now
Guess it's just as well
As weather we decide to stay gold
A rack 11 hell
Staying to fight is Sadam
Fight, fight, fight, fight is Sadam
Fight, fight, fight is Sadam
After his trial was over
He sends him to death
Thanks to someone's cell phone
It's on the internet
They put a news around his neck
Opened up a trap door
Now the butcher bag dead
Ain't hanging round no more
And it's she-yes now
I heard those Muslims yell
Right before the strungum of
They said you could go to hell
The Sadam Hussein was evil
A murder or no less
10.19 at 5.60 WQAM
Here's that schedule for today
A lot of people on the edge of the radio say
What kind of crap are they going to put on today
I think we have any crack today
We got some heavy duty of regular people
No games tonight
Final score last night
Looks to me like it was Termano 3 and Florida 2
Oh no
That must be a typo
Leafs actually won another game
Right there in the macaroon
It looked mighty empty to me
It looked like there was lots of elbow room in there
Anyway, mad dog at 2
Power hour with Hank and the mad dog
Together between 4 and 5
Which is not-you know that's quite a treat
When you get that
Because it doesn't seem like the two of them
Worked too many days at the same time
If
You notice that lately?
No
The Humper between 5 and 7
That's because you don't listen
Because of the sports craft
A sports stuff
And then 80K from 7 to 10
While a lot of people are still awake out there
Good old 80K
Thank God they got 80K back
Probably a much reduced rate
And the good news is the soup is there
Ooooooh
Original soup man in adventura has brought in
Now what do you-is-it actually there?
No no no no
Yeah, what do you got?
I got Mullagatani
And Chris has-you got what?
Mullagatani
What the hell is that?
I don't know
That's why I ordered it
It's got all kinds of things in it
I'm gonna prove them I can identify
Are some of them still moving a little bit?
It's got like almond shavings in here
And some meat and carrots
And chunks of veggies
A little bit of curry
Wow
And it's good and Chris-and what's a Chris amongst you now?
In there
Turkey chili
Turkey chili
Alright
Anyway the soup is from the original soup man cafe
Todd and Hope Storer
20475 Biscayne Boulevard of the promenade of Trapsin
I've been to the original soup man features
Zagat rated soups of Agyegina
Agyegina
Whoever he is
Who inspired the soup episode on Seinfeld
How do you say that name?
Al-Yegina
Don't call him the soup that he hates that
But that's what the episode was
I see
Well excuse me I didn't watch that
I felt I'm very proud of that
Let's see they got 50 varieties of super premium soups
And they had gourmet salads and sandwiches, raps and smoothies
And the soups are like 495-895 for a cup
695-1095 for a bowl
They have fresh toasted paninis and sandwiches at 595
So the soup man is there with food
And they're in adventuring waiting for you
Well I love my soup
Let's have to order them a million times
And you're probably getting real tired hearing about it
But I love my soup
Here's for the poll somebody suggests
How about don't want to lose my job for calling radio stations from the orifice
And they check the phone records
Thanks pal, it says from a corporate time stealing weasel using mad dogs liner
Don't I don't
Not a lot to call for work
Not a lot to call for work
You want to put that on there?
Okay pal
I can't call for work
Okay, we'll do that
I mean you want to put too many words on there
You're going to be putting paragraphs like I always write
You know other people email me like one or two sentences which is fine
And I'll just appreciate it always
And I write paragraphs and I'm just full of it
That's all there is to it I can't help myself
I'm like the four times I can't help myself
I'm just loaded with material
And I know and of course that little uhulio is going to come
Why there's the material now?
And you know who we haven't heard from I don't think this week
We heard one day last week
And we got Amy and Katara
That one speaking to your banana boat people
And I hear casters dead and I can't help myself
I'm just compulsive I'm compulsive, obsessive
And I just love everybody
Well some more than others
That's just the right name
Oh what a what a talk of that
And you cut that off you but that's not
You bastard bro
Nobody can hear me everybody calls hello
He can hear me
Yes
I'm going to put it right
Woooow
Nobody can hear me and hello
Hey, how the dangin Lord
Okay paly
Today's the day baby
Dolphin's getting new coat
Woooow
Haha
See we're making a comeback now on the phone
I think today is the day
Is he just the yank in my chain or water
They announce it in a new coat
I don't think so
There's reports that they could announce about today
They could. Well I better start checking the uh...
You know
The newspapers because sure as hell are sports department man
Oh brother
Well, they've been meeting for like three days with this guy cam Cameron so
Kim who Kim Cameron Cameron not like Kim Boca
Kurt Cameron Kurt Cameron good born again Christian. I used to like him a lot
He was cute, but anyway, you can't say that you can't say that on the sports day because it sounds awfully faggy
You know I did like her camera then I found out he was a born again Christian and oh geez
Let's see my mini dolphins. Let me take a look and see if they they it would be right on the front page
Cameron front runner for the dolphins job Sandy Ewell offensive coordinator
Cam Cameron I wonder if he's kin to Warren Cameron or Doug Cameron the great harness racing drivers
Eight from Ohio 895 votes on a pool and the 20 almost 26% say they have called the show I I don't know
That doesn't mean they got on it means it just they call for at least like a second. Yeah, yeah
Doesn't mean they got on
How could you say you've called a show if you never got on the air because it's I called the show
I just didn't get on the air you did call the show well actually called yeah a couple years ago
And what happened I told you about how the Harold couldn't
Figure out the points in NHL right because they had like you know one guy was getting two points right and I didn't hang out
Funny. Nope. Well, how do you like that you said good good to go and the Harold sucks
Yeah, well, I ain't but it's ripping the heroes. Oh, okay my book WQ I am hello
Hello bubble yeah
Neil I just want to call and kiss up a little bit and thank you for
Thank you for getting me through these days. I have you in my hair all day long
I think if you if you could see this stuff I seriously I know a lot of people are
Exasperated with the Myspace numbers as per the people are screwing around with it
But I'm all right
It's a little the comments that are coming in on there these people have been listen since they were 14 and 15
And 16 and they've grown up with my crap and just I'm gonna change my underwear 14 times during the show because they're just
Being all over me. It's amazing. I've been listening for about over 15 years. I know that and
You know, I have a job where I can listen to you all day long. I have you in my year
I and
Thank you. Oh, you're in the rear
In the rear. Yeah, and
Thanks, you know for playing if you see K and Tijuana yesterday
Because I want to dedicate that to Mark
He wants to blame me, but that's okay
Okay, good luck to pali. Okay, sounds like he's got a little a little spat going on there with Mark or whatever
Yeah, got a little a little problem. What that again everybody does everybody sooner later they have
They have their issues eight hundred ninety nine votes on the pool. Oh, there's the pissed off
K-Man historically you guys have struggled to adapt
Right walking up right discovering fire and venting the wheel
Yeah, they've struggled again. How about a razor would be made? Yes, by the way
I really want to record that little Richard Geico commercial so I can take drops off of it. So if it comes on
Yeah, don't step a little. Oh, I don't don't step on it and whip it right on that
Hey Luis Miguel play it, baby
Forward whole radio five sixty WQ
Delta update with new dolphin head coach
Oh, how we did it
You come here
You were Joey
Heather ten
Says here hesitant what do you have one of them sexually alert changes? No, it's herring to my hand
Well my loser caught her back friend
Nothing like Connie Steven see turning
Stevens that's right. I always got them confused and both had nice leg good on that
Connie Steven
You call yourself a cornerback
Not anymore
You're
Get out you over there
Get out
Just listen up now
Just look at your down there season see so you're all
Now get out every one of you
That's right you
What do you cry for over there?
It's what you will be
Unless your name is still your fight
Now get out you hurt me your fight it good out of here all you right now
You don't get out of here. I'm otherwise every one of you
I'm gonna get out of here
You're
My job is done
I think what I'm doing is take a nice warm shower release the stress
What the hell
There's more to give you some to remember as back home
Now see
Joey
Joey
Joey I'm your coach
Joey
Joey
1033 there's your new dolphin coach okay you heard her first right here on QAM
Oh, I
Here we're gonna have a press conference to last two or three four hours today
What do you think please can we please please put it on right now maybe a smokey Joel
Come running around up and down the hall
Hey less than an hour before we find out how much of a bonus we're getting to mom sure the audience is really whipped up about that and maybe
I really doubt it but just maybe if the thing falls out right we'll be able to say
We're number one
I sacrifice the cattle I still think it's quite a feather in our craft to the fact that we did as well as we did considering that in the month of December
QA and just our just audience didn't get no diaries
Either there just everybody shut it off in December which I think is highly unlikely okay
Highly unlikely as in highly salancy
Methodist ministers trying to scuttle bush library
A group of Methodist ministers from across the country launched an online petition derogance
urging SMU to abandon its efforts to score George W. Bush's presidential library the APB sand
The petition and newly created website
Protect SMU.org
Says that as United Methodist we're believing that the linking of his presidency with the University bearing the Methodist name is utterly in appropriate
It no way that appropriate very good
Methodist have a long history of social conscience
So questions about the conduct of this president are very concerning said one of the petition's organizers
The Reverend Andrew J. Weaver of New York who graduated from SMU's Perkins School of Theology
Brad Chivas SMU's Vice President for External Affairs and Development said yesterday the Methodist Church is diverse and perverse in its membership
And opinions and if those involved with the petition reflect only one view
An early radical in the New York Times noted that some faculty are concerned about the potential library
Foring the pro-Bush politics will infiltrate the school people will be starting to run around with swastikas maybe in d'Agu
Stepping with the 45 degree angle salute
Exactly just like that
In a meeting several weeks ago faculty members complained of a lack of consultation over the emergency agreement
All but demanded answers from the University's president our general turner on the relationship that would develop between the University and the library
There's been a lack of transparency right from the beginning
Tony Petersen of the journalism faculty told the Times urging the University's administration
To be more forthcoming with detailed information and speaking of whims speaking of reading
This is what this is why I don't even want to talk about this all that much because what's the use?
Right
You don't even know what I'm going to talk about right now but what's the use?
There may be a growing battle between Congress and the president over the Iraq war strategy
But new house speaker Nancy Pelosi that bitch said she won't black funding for additional troops
She's got the balls of a fruit fly man. I'll tell you that right now
They're all in on it together
They're all partly a game game plan game plan Pelosi's position revealed not explosive interview with ABC's
Diane Sawyer came today after a group of senators announced to buy partisan resolution containing the Bush administration's plan to increase the West forces at Iraq
Remember that 20,000 troops while the Senate resolution would be non-binding
Unlike cheese you know cheese is really binding
Uh-huh
Especially if you have like macaroni and cheese. Oh man you won't go for a month
Maybe the British eat a lot of macaroni and cheese
With the Senate resolution now while we'll be non-binding it would send a message to the president let it be
It doesn't Republican I beg your pardon?
The yes, the Senate message is not sending a message to Iraq right?
I don't mean Iraq but I mean Iraq a bolder and at least those Republican senators have already offered their support
Wow Nancy Pelosi again went it out the bitch-wimmed sound
Very pathetic
She needs to be taken out for a big spanking as we need staff and her
926 votes on the poll
Boy in an exciting less than an hour you're gonna know how much that bonus is gonna be and whether you actually have some kind of a life in store
I mean how much can the difference really be in your case about 20 bucks?
If 20 bucks would make a big difference in my life
Really? Yeah
Well I'm sure the crystal reach right into his wallet right now
Yeah
Hand over some cash. What are you talking about?
Maybe give you a reach or a he's making the big bucks
The big what?
I said it really sucks to be making that kind of money
Yeah
But you better get your ducks in a row whatever that means
Yeah get your ducks in a row that's how your stupid expression
What about this that mean you better get your ducks in a row
Well you don't want them to be all out of order and go in the you know all over the place
Do you ever see a like when you're crossing for the cross in the street like the llama duck?
Yes
And the little ducklings goose stepping behind
Probably a good idea to run them over because of their goose stepping they must be fascist ducks
What's the main reason you've never called Niels our poll question 930 as we try to decide
Should we continue taking these magnificent calls or should we just put this whole damn thing on the shelf?
WQ I am hello
Hi bro
I have called 239 25.6% I have called
I have no material 238
I don't call anybody 170
I don't call nobody and especially you Niel
I don't want to talk to you you old troll you you old fart
Too busy to
Wait 154 wait on hold of course we don't put anybody on hold but they're too busy to keep ringing it and ringing it for me to be in the mood to take a call
Which that was obviously not a good idea right there
I'm afraid to get ripped 57 the old man's gonna rip my ass
I hate this poll has got
God
About 30 man
3.2%
I don't have a phone 17
Don't want my voice recognize 14 and what can't call from work only three
Can't call from work because I'll get fired it and then Niel isn't going to pick up the tab which would be really young
George will though
George can handle it anybody out there if they get fired George will pick up your tap and watch this one
Boy ya
Yeah
Northwest Airlines will offer an apology and compensation to a group of 40 Muslims who said they were turned away from a US bomb plane in Germany
The payment will cover extra flight and hotel cost incurred after Northwest refused to let the group board of January 7th Frankfurt to Detroit flight
That actually those guys are pretty lucky who that wants to wind up in Detroit. Oh man
The Michigan office of the council on American Islamic relations statement today of course there are a lot of Muslims who live in Detroit like in a deer born
We welcome Northwest Airlines apology offer a limited compensation as a positive step toward addressing the concerns of the Muslim passengers
The group's executive director Daoud Walid said the statement
The Muslims arrived early enough for the flight then were denied boarding on the grounds that they were too late according to the rights group
Northwest spokesman Dean Reast said the flight already been closed to pass just when the group reached the gate
Yeah, likely story he said oh it's a bunch of schmatt ads hollah hollahs
Northwest these second largest US airline in bankruptcy is taking the matter to a heart
They're taking it and sticking it with a moon don't shine whatever they're doing
How do you like that? And of course the passengers I'll probably breathe a sigh really fly orders a bunch of terrorists ready to get on here
See that's the mentality of the public and of course so one can easily understand why but it's just not good
And of course if that's the way you feel about life you're sure it's all better not be living here
Boy
You know you have to restrain yourself and this is a city where everybody like I told you is very polite and very friendly and everything
But when I get in the elevator and I see oh last night I came in and I got in the elevator and there was the smoke of work
And wicked we I thought that maybe yeah Michael Vick had been in visiting the building
The smell of that wacky weights have been puffed away right in the elevator that goes to show the difference
Yeah kind of a civilized place but when I see these people and there are many in my building like I told you
The the whole Berk outfit you know and you're slumping around the 85 kids
And I think to myself I want to say but I obviously don't say because I don't want to be judge mental
And I don't want to be obnoxious and rude like an American but I'm thinking to myself you know it's the year 20-07
It's 2000 freaking seven okay why don't you come on from behind all that and then of course probably there are ugliest in anyway so maybe it's a good idea
Some of us would be better off with the full Berk you know in other words cover that thing up
By day you wear still a rack
It's not just pushing from body in the ground
It's been over two weeks since he's made a sound while the family's acting quick
Oh he's something like a possible it's time to put James Trump body in the ground
It's time to put James Trump body in the ground right now he's just like a car at the end of town
He's already been sleeping her but his corpse is flying in here
It's time to put James Trump body in the ground
You're fairing it's time to put James Trump body in the ground
He's like a single mint and it lost in town
While the curling agent was in his body is the composer and it's time to put James Trump body in the ground
It's time to put James Trump body in the ground
Oh my god look up father of soul should be having fun
I have an air in the cold to fill with murky he's turning into be jerky
It's time to put James Trump body in the ground
That 4614 to 11 at 560 WQAM 957 votes on the pool we got that thousand looked easy today man
Like falling right into lake so how is this soup okay from the soup man and having green
I'm going to have my banana banana
Well they brought some fruit into you know what my old Zimbo managed use to say Gary Lawrence
Every guy's got his banana business that's a good point
WQAM hello
Neil I got one for your poll
Yes sir
I called and I didn't know I got him here
All the people I call you and they ask for me to and then they get hung up on
How many people have called him they don't even know they have
They didn't know they got him here
They didn't
Okay well listen call us when the shipment shows up okay pal
Can I talk to Neil?
No
That was good
He was okay he was pretty good
On a scale of zero WQAM hello
Yeah and back to you WQAM by a phone that works
WQAM hello
Yes sir
Yeah I wanted to ask you how do they calculate the ratings over here in the U.A.
They have a big ten gallon Texas hat and they put a bunch of station names on them
And they reach in they yank it out
No they read rabbit in trails
I've heard that ratings in Canada are more accurate because they use like a gun or something
Yeah they do use a gun
Is that more accurate than what we have there?
Yeah they use a gun and if you don't listen to their station it will be a crap way
That's absolutely correct
I think we better start doing that too based on the December month there for QAM
And of course the morning guys they're probably not too old with that whatever number was
I don't want to repeat it because they're doing a fine job they're doing whatever they can do
And of course the whole station you know that's why I say if we get close to a seven which I'm pretty sure will have between ten and two
Oh that's a real feather up our ass I'm but
960 votes on the pool what's the main reason you never called Neil
I have called 251 26.1%
Or nearly that would be a good thing
Because what do they always say like only one out of a hundred people will call
They're about no no it's not even that
One out of a huh it's like five percent get out of here five percent my ass
I have called 251 I have no material 243 I don't call anybody 184 too busy to wait 158
I'm afraid to get ripped 59 but that's that is so sad
Afraid to get ripped like that's gonna change your life what is that gonna do to you huh?
Get ripped big deal you'll cry or you go no no I hate this poll
I'm about 30 man stick it in the right place to 3.1% I don't have a phone 18
Georgia bio one okay Georgia take with carry a bio phone yeah just email him don't want my voice recognized 14
And can't call from work only three yeah I mean how many people do we have out there that really do any work
While they're supposed to be at work doing work how many people really are working when they're work they're screwing off
Mm-hmm they're all a bit here you know they're on the internet they're reading looking at porno
And doing all kinds of stuff under the desk and on top of the desk in the next of the next by the way of Steve Young says
Or highly abuses the abused then lies to cover his crime rhymes with slime fall
The culture warrior the no spinner the guy who's out looking for you the one who tells you he's a journalist who only deals with the facts
Bill or Raleigh he is decided this week that he would take it upon himself to attack the most vulnerable victims
A child who had been terrorized and quite possibly emotionally and sexually abused by an adult kidnapper for four years
Bill chose to use his bully pulpit against 15 year old Sean Hornbeck who was kidnapped in 2002 at the age of 11
Bill will claim that he didn't attack Sean but just asked questions
He said that despite the take of his Thursday show offering evidence to the contrary
Bill always seems to forget about the 21st century mechanical recording devices that can literally replay his actual words no matter how often he attempts to contradict them
What Bill said and was reported at media matters.org and Bill's own voice was that I think when it comes all comes down what's going to happen is there was an element here that this kid liked about the circumstances
This is the kidnette before you're for four years
The situation here for this kid looks to me a lot more fun than what he had under his old parents
Some more cynical might say that Bill was lying I choose to say to you that you don't need to be cynical to know that he's lying
But even more than is lying it's Bill's disgusting choice to use his show to reabuse the boy
To choose to go with the I'd rather be sexually abused by the stranger, stranger because it's more fun than being home with my parents' denereal
It's so much more than just repugnant that you wouldn't be surprised if ABC and CNN fired Glenn Beck and it ties Bill to spread his kind of culture warners over there
Bill will claim as he always does that it's only the left-wing loonies that are out to get him that he's the victim
This time the tape offers the truth and just what a slime Bill O'Reilly truly is
Sean Horn Beck had spent the last four years enduring who knows what torture is held and what did the guy who's not looking out for you and your kids and castigates judges and don't give child abuse as different of sentences
He exploited Sean again
Bill O'Reilly is worse than scum he's a child abuser
And a stranger, a stranger, I can't stop doing it
I'm hoping that I catch that episode again
Are you really? Wouldn't that be wonderful?
Although she's got it over her own thing
Give us stranger!
It would be great
966 votes on a pool and everybody in their brother calls us we have nothing but calls on the show make no mistake about that
You'll see, QIM hello
Yes sir
Revited waiting for those numbers to come out
Oh yeah, you're a number for you as in the big O
Wow, he actually got me there where it's clearing his throat for a couple of seconds in between fake voices he was testing out
Palm Beach finds Donald Trump $1,250 a for a supervised flag
Oh my god
He super sized it
I guess he's not going to be able to afford that new do now
Town Fathers in Palm Beach voted 6-2 on yesterday afternoon to find Donald Chump
$1,250 a for flying a super sized American flag at top an 80-foot fly pole that violates several of the town's codes and ordinances
Retroactive to January 6th, Donald already owes the town 16,250 bucks
Oh he may have to take out a loan he may have to go see what's his name
Did you say that Donald?
That's what it says here
I didn't say that that's what the article says in the Sun Central blame them
Okay, I hate the Sun Selling now you know why the Donald
Yeah, the Donald my ass
I think Mr. Trump the property owner picked this fight
I think he's been provocative said Martin Fried and member of the town's code enforcement board in Palm Beach
Fried told Trump's attorney Raymond Royce who represent himself with the hearing that when it comes down to town laws
Trump is a serial violator
The fact the flag flap the flag flap here have a flag flap
No
The flag flap began in September when Trump set the town law to notify officials that he would erect a flag at Mar-a-Lago
He hoisted the flag October 3rd he hoisted it in the flag too
The 25 by 50 foot flag violates the local law on maximum flag size 4 by 6 feet
The town passed on enforcing that the law but Neil Trump for having 80 foot flag pool that violates the zoning codes 42 foot max
Last month tried to trump file the 25 million dollar lawsuit against the town arguing in part that the law violated Trump's right to free speech and expression
The lawsuit also argued that the town is selectively enforcing law and is discriminating against Mar-a-Lago
The suit notes that there are about 20 other flags and poles in the town that also violate local laws but nobody cited them
They're picking on the Donald if he wins the lawsuit Trump said he wants anyone to go to military members returning home from Iraq
Well, that's a darn isobem
In fact, in this case, if that's the case, I hope he wins even though I find him discussing and nauseous
But I think it's hard to say what he says that
What's that? That's what he will give the bloody court
You think? Are you calling him a liar? I haven't seen you read a lie or a kind of a fatt bastard with a bad, you know, com-
With a bad, the comover
Purple, no less
His head is racked in a purple haze
973 votes on the pool. The main reason you have never called Neil, that's a pretty good poll
In fact, look at that, I hate this poll is only 3.1
That's pretty good, even the audience when I asked a musical question
Do you like it?
They say, yeah, why not? What's not to like?
I have called 255, 26.2%
I still, I don't know
Can you swallow that?
Yeah, I believe it
I have no material 245
I don't call anybody 186
What is that? I don't call anybody
Took this into weight 160
I'm afraid to get ripped by the old queen 60
I hate this poll, I'm mere 31, 3.1%
I don't have a phone, 18
Don't my voice recognize 14?
They'll come stalking me in the middle of the night in their bathroom while Xavier Suarez
Nothing on the door at 3 in the 8am
And can't call from work, Solomon take quadruple
You f- you f- you f- this is your brain
What? D commitment?
Any question?
Good news, ladies and gentlemen, we are finally located weapons of mass destruction
It's Dick Cheney, Dick Cheney tried to help out
Max Alexander, Sean, an guy with a male man
Paul made him celebrate their women
He should all have children with countses
Brickies, fear this time you are again
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have made a formal request
to the world's journalists to lead them alone while they're in Africa.
If Paris helped them have a concussion, how would you know?
Roman Stone's guitarist, Keith Richards, is recovering from a really bad weekend.
He fell out of a tree and crashed and jetsy all the same day.
You know the war is part about this heat wave across the country?
It's Al Gore or Walker and Al Gore.
I told you so.
The war played by the playmates, Adonakul.
Smith, maybe Pregnant.
Star Jones has been fired from the view effective immediately.
Before legal trouble for Bob Star, Michael Jackson.
Mel Gibson speaks about the night that changed everything.
That is well in president Hugo Thomas calling President Bush the devil.
What do you think of me?
Ben Laden had a bit of a crush on Yikes Whitney Houston.
And it's the moment where Philton died on his fans as been waiting for her debut album,
hit swords today.
Florida Congressman Mark Foley writing a book.
The book would be about 400 pages and how long the book is,
but the book would be about 400 pages.
The man who the world knew is the crocodile.
Hunter was attacked by a stingray.
President Bush was so angry in North Korea,
he's told our celebrities not to adopt any children from that country.
Emily Anderson and Kid Rock each filed divorce petitions from one another.
Bernie Spirits Kevin Federline divorce.
Could get even hairier.
It's a new book called If I Did It.
OJ Simpson details how the killing should have gone down.
If G yet anything to do with them.
My name is Bora.
In my country they would go crazy.
How much?
For these two.
Not so much.
The little African boy Madonna is adopting.
Arrived at her home today.
Kid with a little intimidated because when he got there she was hanging on a cross.
I'm very, very sorry for the African American community for the upset.
No, I knew it was the last seven lemon cellos that was going to get me.
This USA tour counter keeps her job.
Donald Trump this morning said he fully intended to fire her today.
But decided not to Nicole Gridgey arrested for driving under the influence.
Police say she was going the wrong way.
Billio Donald's disgusting.
I mean both inside and out.
You take a look at her.
She's a slob.
She talks like a Trump friend.
While music fans around the world are dealing with the sudden loss of music I call James Brown.
For all that side by the world and side
Will take a cup of time to skin for all that side.
I'm dying over here.
Love it all three.
It's already January and 19.
Holy moly rat man.
It's unbelievable is what it is.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's take 45,000 calls between now and two.
What do you say?
Oh right.
I think that's an magnificent idea.
Don't you think?
Start there.
As a matter of fact, in less than a half an hour maybe clearance is going to run in
and say, oh look at this.
You guys sucked or whatever.
I like that.
He's such a bubbling force.
Were those the numbers or those hour by hour to see if we can actually afford to go take
a shower?
Maybe a little body wars too.
We need to do that body wars pull again soon.
Why?
Do you think that there's anybody out there still using soap?
I'm sure there are.
Oh my god.
You've got to be kidding me.
There are people still that would be like saying there are guys out there wearing two
piece bathing suits.
Well, no, I'm just saying.
I mean soap went out with nickers man.
Soap is older than buster brown shoes.
By the way, surfers were two piece bathing suits.
That's not really a bathing suit.
It's a surfing suit.
It's surfing up.
I'm really not too happy about that either.
I understand.
I prefer back in the day when surfers were like, you know, damn you're naked.
But anyway, that's an old proverb like me.
What do you expect?
WDQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
I'm excellent.
Excellent.
I've gone back to Bill O'Reilly and I really hate to see you know, it's just like I don't
even understand this man anymore.
It's a crazy right-winger.
That's fine.
But what gain could he possibly be thinking, attacking this kid?
It goes beyond illness at this point.
Consider the source.
It's like man culture, you know, with a crap about the end of the...
Well, speaking of the two of them, I hate to do a vicious segue.
But I wanted to send George a CD, but I haven't gone around to yet.
And I know you guys are doing the MySpace thing.
I'm going to bake you and George to check out Allied Radio MySpace because we have a song
on there called Good Day for the Media where we rip these people a proper ass.
Okay.
Send it along.
If you could, if you could just check it out Allied Radio, I'm not trying to do a shameless
plug.
It's really hard.
I just want to...
Okay, I saw it.
Put you on there.
I know you're on there.
And check it out.
Listen to it.
I hope you guys like it.
And I wish Howard G. went on.
Okay.
Thanks, Pallet.
You know.
And go forget.
I can't respond.
I still can't respond.
We're suspended.
And we've got suspended a sentence there on there because somebody had made up a bunch
of crap who also was making up a bunch of crap about being a student at Novin.
Of course, I know who it is.
We got a thousand won votes.
I know.
Holy cow, it just turned 11 o'clock.
11 o'clock.
We got a thousand votes.
That would be really great.
And by the way, just FYI, only for George, inside information, one out of two ain't bad
so far this morning.
Oh, right.
I'm out of two.
Where the other one is, I don't know.
But then again, that's just, you know, that's my insecure.
Every day or a lot.
Right.
Followed to places.
What?
Everything will be fine.
Yeah.
Thousand and four votes on a poll.
So there's like a real collar.
In fact, I know the Allied Radio guy.
He's on our, like he said, he's my space friend, which we have, 1100 in a sum.
They got a really good looking new weather guy in CNN.
Rob Marciano couldn't hold a candle that guy.
He might like to though.
I can't tell you where he wanted to hold it.
But he's probably close to that.
But at any rate, what is their deal with, because they have generally a lot of really ugly people on CNN, which is another good reason not to watch it.
Yeah.
But the weather guys, they got Rob Marciano, who a lot of queens were like, all whipped up about him.
Oh, my God, Rob is so hot.
No, it's he's not.
He's, these are.
But the new guy looks a little like Rocky Antivaria, my good friend Stevie Bauer before he, there he is.
What else is Guy's name?
I don't know, but take off the tube.
Let's see what you got, Palli.
Yeah, take that off too.
5.670560 and pound 5.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, they all are.
I don't really know.
Oh, okay.
I got a bad phony voice to start.
Always start down there and they're way down in the aboules of your life.
It's a good idea.
Reverend Schmendrick.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm just calling to let's know that Tommy Brady is still gay.
Yeah.
Let me ask you how the dolphins do in the playoffs.
Yeah.
There he goes.
Tommy Brady is still gay.
How the dolphins do in the playoffs?
Loser.
Loser.
You got a coach yet?
You loser.
You pathetic, tragic, tragic loser.
There's nothing worse than being an abuser except maybe a loser.
WDQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm back again.
Back from old.
He's got one phone and is by his mouth and one by his mouth.
I think the sounds were heard.
Now the ones from the...
Correct.
...assend.
Just ask him a question.
He'll tell you.
WDQA and hello.
Hey.
Everybody calls.
That's right.
Everybody in South Florida.
You can't notice.
QA and hello.
Yeah, that was the boy's friend.
I'm the Reverend.
Oh, so sorry.
The boy's friend.
You sure?
You sure?
One of many.
And I'm hitting that thing in a bag of honor to hit.
It's not there doing nothing.
QA and hello.
See this thing's acting up again.
And you want to know why I was going fine.
And then when these people started getting on it,
started regurgitating.
It started puking them back out.
QA and hello.
I think so too.
QA and hello.
Yeah, we're still waiting for new material.
Mancaw has new material every year.
Yeah, mancaw has new material.
Yeah, how come mancaw don't have any numbers?
How come he doesn't even show up?
Are you kidding?
Yeah, are you kidding?
Yeah, let me say it again.
He didn't even show up.
He didn't even exist.
And how come you were listening to this show then?
See that's the thing that really cracks me up.
Oh, the bedtime story is an all you're so boring.
And every single one of these people is glued.
They wouldn't turn it off if you gave him like 45 cent.
Maybe 50 cent, but not 45 cent.
So you can keep playing a game and it's just so pathetic.
And you know what?
You know what it is?
I have no lie.
And no material.
I think that ought to be leading by a million miles.
It's a good second place.
It's got a shot there.
I have no material.
As if that's a bullet into me, as if I haven't figured that out yet.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, I hope it is your cock.
WDQA and Hello.
We are the show, Jill.
Come on.
You know how it goes.
Are you really?
Yeah, when's the material start?
We're right in.
That was the end of it.
That was his material.
I was in middle of it.
I thought maybe he could just muster up like an extra-border to.
Couldn't do it.
WDQA and Hello.
Yo, yo, yo.
They're good.
They're good.
They're the usual pathetic same crowd, man.
Oh, man.
I kissed the sunny shot and I kissed the crowd.
I don't care if it's minus 85 Celsius out there.
It doesn't interest me in the least bit.
The fact that I'm here and these people are.
They're not here.
They're not even close.
They're far away.
We're going to be safe.
Brazilian mega-church leader, Sonia Morales Hernandez,
and Estevan Hernandez, Spielho,
has spent the last two decades building one of Brazil's largest evangelical empires.
But now they're spending their time at a federal detention center in Miami.
The couple was arrested to Miami International last week and charges a currency smuggling
in line to customs offices after US immigration and customs agents found they were carrying thousands of dollars
more than the 10 grand they declared investigators be saying.
Agents found the first extra-bundle of cash, nine grand, tucked into the cover of Sonia's Bible.
That's why she was praying on it, had nine grand in it.
They found other bundles of money schooled away in various places including inside the CD case,
and a folded jacket packed in the suitcase, and the backpack of the young son Gabriel,
and a few thousand in their rectum, the grand total 56 grand as in Q56.
Isn't that grand?
Yeah.
The couple already under investigation by Brazil's federal organized crime unit for charges,
including tax evasion and money laundering, preside over an empire of about 1200 churches in Brazil,
as well as TV and radio stationeries.
Their reborning crime church is considered the second largest neo-Penocostal church in the country.
The couples arrested sent shockwaves to the evangelical world in Brazil,
and tremors to the Brazilian religious women in Florida, where the couple lies at least two churches,
one each in Dearfielder, one in Orlando.
One of the pastors at the Dearfielder, born in Christ's church,
and the arrest of the husband, wife known as the Apostle Estevom,
and the Bishop Sonia to their faithful, were part of a religious persecution.
They're being persecuted.
They disagree with the accusations they have of clear conscience
because they knew they were doing the work of God, said Pastor Angelita Valley.
The congregation here loves the Apostle and the Bishop because they know they are serious people,
and then out of this is Tew.
It's not Tew, but it's happening as terrible and cruel.
The storefront church at a strip mall on Busy West Hills,
Roblovo, has got about 100 members of Valley, said,
that possible fallout from the couple's restores,
other Brazilian church leaders locally.
This is having a big impact because everyone watches the news about them,
and people that don't go to church because they become scared to go,
said, Pastor Clar Clair Amido, of the Pablo-based First Brazilian Baptist Church of South Florida,
the largest Brazilian congregation in the state.
A lot of ministers who are doing serious work in Florida will be affected by this site.
That's interesting.
Ministers who are doing serious work, isn't it like an icy moron?
Yeah, oh, just serious, serious, serious.
Serious.
Oh, get serious.
Wow.
2015 votes on the poll.
Let it's really heavy duty, and the great calls now are just this moment starting to trickle in.
Two besteds.
The federal government just low on the Catholic people today.
Under hooddering criticism from both parties,
Brown offered no apology,
and mostly bring others for the debauchers that cost hundreds of dollars.
Mike Brown, there's no one left to blame, I said Brownie.
You're the government shame, I said Brownie.
The sugar rears up and blame, there's no one.
I know who's more lame, George Bush.
You better make them shut up before he says.
It's what you will messed up, you can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
He's way too dumb to run the air, be a mate.
Some people died when he ran air, be a mate.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership flows,
you can go back to your poor shows.
Today both Republicans and Democrats criticize the fact that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official,
his testimony must be cleared by the white...
I have a job Brownie, how to make no mistake about that.
Love an 18 at 560 W.Q.
And we had the story about Bill O'Reilly, the slime of the universe.
Speaking of slime, did I mention mancolder?
Yeah, you did.
Well, here you go, you ask and you get it.
Walter C. U.R. writes on the smircling chimp.
Hooper Institution hat from mancolder's school of history
slimes the left for 9-11.
And I don't want all these comments back here. Stop with these lapages.
Oh, gee, I hate when that happens.
Don't you?
Yeah, well, it doesn't happen to me.
Well, it doesn't happen for you because you don't have no fax machine hooked up.
Yeah, the audience should know that, that there's still a fax machine that I spent the money for.
They still haven't got the cable in four George's this weekend as to drag around all over town
to try to find a long enough cable to hook that baby up and to do it right.
I'm going to gas up and go for a long haul.
Here it is. Oh, this is cute.
Steve says, how are you doing? My friend, I apologize.
Haven't listened for online for a while. I've got one for your pool.
I have called your show and after waiting 20 minutes on hold, all I said was,
Muddy Cone? Well, thank you, Steve. So much in back at you.
How do you like that? Muddy Cone?
1029 votes on the pool.
And we're getting back to an encoder and other slime balls.
Incredibly, on January 18th, 2007, the LA Times published
Dynash Dissousa's thoroughly biased op-ed article, how the left left us into 9-11.
Mr. Dissousa's article is riddled with errors and all two convening omissions
suggesting both ignorance and fraud did it.
Although a fellow at the Hoover Institution Dissousa writes history,
judging by his opinion piece, is if he started on the total edge of that historic
industrial encoder. Remember his total edge? That was mo.
Ah, remember?
The total edge.
Consider that Dissousa expects Americans to believe that they clinton and Carter administrations
made the U.S. looks like a weak attractive target for terrorists.
Well, perhaps some Americans will, especially if they've never read a newspaper or history book
to vote for the issue, if they've just returned from a 30-year visit to Mars,
or if they're in the incompetence of the LA Times who published Dissousa's op-ed crap.
You see, Dissousa gets it wrong virtually every possible way it can be gotten wrong.
Thus, when he blames President Carter for pulling the rug off from under Iran's
Shaw, thereby allowing the Iatola Chomenean as forces to seize power,
you will not find Dissousa acknowledging the conclusion reached, for example,
by Kenneth Pollock, almost at Pollock.
The Shaw brought the Iranian Revolution on himself at the strategic level
his many mistakes in policies created tremendous animosity against the regime across the breadth of Iranian society.
According to Pollock, America's real policy for you to Iran was to tire itself so tightly
to the Shaw's regime.
Dissousa also can be neither ignored the role of the Eisenhower administration,
plain-engineering the Kuh in 53 that overthrew Iran's democratically elected government
or Prime Minister Mohan Mosedek.
So traumatic was the coup in the subsequent 25 years of dictatorial rule under the Shaw,
that when the Shaw finally departed in 1979, many Iranians feared a repetition of 1953,
which was one of the motives for the student seizure of the US embassy.
Dissousa omits mentioning the 53 coup because he already has dismissed blowback
in American colonialism as factors that might explain why the Iatola called America the Great Satan.
High school students should already know these facts,
but not if the idea logged Dissousa telling the story.
Equally erroneous and dishonest is Dissousa's claim that thanks to Carter's role in producing
Communities regime of Islamic radicalism, the way was paid for Osama and 911.
Once again, Dissousa conveniently overlooks the fact that it was been logged in success
and the success of Islamic forces in Afghanistan against the Soviet military
thanks to weapons applied by the Reagan administration that inspired him to believe
that the sobermanian imperialist power the US could be defeated as well.
Finally, although Dissousa's correct-to-criticized declared administration
for its failure to kill Bin Laden would have had the chance,
he fails to note that President Clinton, unlike the Bush administration prior to 911,
was almost obsessed with Nailing Bin Laden and notwithstanding the failures of his administration.
The person to read on the subject of his Richard A. Clark against all enemies
who served in both administrations not biased Dissousa.
Moreover, it's a matter of record that in January 2001,
Clinton's CIA director George Tennant briefed President-elect Bush about the threats facing America
and told him that the number one threat was Osama Bin Laden's al-Qaeda terrorist.
Yet notwithstanding Tennant's warning,
the Bush administration's threat to 9 months between its inauguration and the 911 attacks
obsessively making plans to build a national missile defense which still doesn't work
and removes Saddam Hussein from power.
Simply be called at the 911 attacks force national security adviser Kha'idam,
please their rights to cancel their speech addressing need to build a national missile defense.
Bush's people blew off the warnings about al-Qaeda so much so
that when the National Security Council principles finally met to address al-Qaeda,
the attack was just one week away.
Keep in mind that numerous meetings of the N.S.E. principles were held before 911,
many of them focused on Iraq.
Finally, simply be called Bush's words to Bob Woodward after 911.
There was a significant difference in my attitude after 911.
I was not on point, but I knew Bin Laden was a menace and I knew he was a problem,
but I didn't feel that sense of urgency and my blood was not nearly as boiling.
Of course not when you're obsessed with missile defense in Iraq.
So much so much then for Dynast Dissousa's biased and infantile assertion about
how the left led us into 911.
Right, this guy who have an hell of it is Walter Ewer.
1037 on the pole, not too bad.
And the phones who did the causes smoking because these people want to be able to say,
oh I've called a show, actually talk to the old fart.
That may be exciting.
What do you mean by that?
560560, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Let's get a furry here on this thing, man, because we're phone call intensive,
because the poll is about your calls.
And a lot of these people, oh we want the calls, we want those call, the calls are great.
That's the bread and butter. We are the meat and potatoes.
And that's what they say. I'll tell you one thing.
If we ever got any real calls.
I think we had one or two today. We had the Allied Radio guy.
Right?
And I think there was one or two others like real people with actually like a couple of things to say
besides the bell, whatever else.
WQA, I'm home for the retarded. Hello.
David Bernard, I'm home.
Dominic QA and hello.
Jimmy, why you do this to me, Jimmy?
He just won't give it up.
He won't give it up. Dominic QA and hello.
I'm a colon.
Dominic QA and you're a retard is what you are.
A lunatic who needs to be strapped down and beaten with a stick.
QA and hello.
Hey, check the stuff on the website.
They just hired my chula for ball boy.
Okay, good news. Thank you.
And well deserved, by the way. Excellent choice.
Ball boy and water boy.
He's going to be sniffing the jog straps at halftime.
Five, six, seven.
Yeah, better get on those websites and see if we get a new dolphin coach.
I mean, what could be more important than that?
We don't want to get, and by the way, for these clowns across the street who think that they're broadcasters
which there isn't any of them who is.
You know, so they had like a little, a little tick here and there and it's just out in the morning
by a tenth of a point or whatever and a little tick and even.
They still do it like two's and three's and at night less than a one share.
They had a point nine at night.
And that was during the dolphin in the season.
That was their claim to fame as the fall book.
I think fall is the operative word is in fall on their ass.
Too bad you're spending all those millions, Joel.
You're as money, daddy's money, whoever's money.
This is what happens when you're up against people that have, they're like a play toy.
It's like a hobby.
Not a business. It's a hobby.
It's a play toy and obviously they're playing with it.
25 past 11, overgith mad dog at two and then the power hour with Hank of the mad dog
together between a four and five.
Humber all by himself five to seven.
He's gonna work up his sweat today, lose two or three ounces,
any K seven to ten tonight.
Friday you rest in.
No one sounds crazy but you drink small bands you use.
Nicole Paz, like a rock star.
Paparazzi follows her with camera.
And in pictures she looks so smart.
My daughter's here.
She's here.
She's been in like seven.
My daughter's here.
She's been in like seven.
She wants to get out.
She wants to get out.
She wants to drink and smoke and dance there.
Oh night.
She's in the seven.
Real green.
Oh yeah.
My daughter's here.
Oh, she's getting like skeleton.
She's in.
My baby's here.
Love it 31, twice the load at 560 WM on a really fabulous Friday.
It is, I'm almost so fabulous about it.
I can feel it.
Because not in a Friday.
That's why it's fabulous.
There's no such things as Friday.
It's not fabulous.
But some more fabulous than others.
Some people have to work on Saturday.
Not so fabulous for them.
I don't think too many people work on Saturday anymore.
They do.
Oh poor baby.
I remember that as I used to work on Saturday back in the INZ days.
I used to do a Saturday morning show.
I mean like this time slot.
Or in Shabbat's Noles.
That is correct.
I think it was a far-bicinic Goyang ran that place.
Actually it was a guy, a Gannett, from Portland, Maine.
And you think the bees these are bad and believe me they are.
So when's Clarence gonna send me that thing to fill out?
That's most amusing.
I never heard anything like that in my life.
That is a quiz.
We're taking the hop quiz here at QAM.
Like take a quiz pop?
Right.
You got an idea what you're doing?
And it's let him 32 where the hell is our numbers?
Clarence, by the way, with Joyce, have to take that quiz?
Listen, she couldn't even find a quiz.
She couldn't find it with both hands.
And that quiz is like, okay, you get to choose Z3 answers.
And it's like, okay, well, you chose the wrong answer.
And this is why it's the wrong answer.
Well, when you read the why it's the wrong answer, it kind of fits with one of two other answers.
So it's kind of like, well, why was I wrong?
I see.
Some of the two have already done it?
Yeah, I had to do it a lot of months ago.
Well, how the hell did you have to do it?
You know, that's right, because you're sitting there with your finger on the button.
You got your finger on it.
Apparently, apparently, this is everyone on air or has to run a board, has to know everything.
Wow, heavy, heavy duty baby.
These people are really on fire.
They're really as serious now.
Right.
I believe that when I see it.
155 votes on the poll.
What's the main reason you've never called me?
I have called 276.
I have no material 269.
No kidding.
Wow, you could have fooled me about that one.
I don't call anybody 206.
I don't call anybody 206.
Too busy to wait 167.
I mean, who's got time for that?
I'm afraid to get ripped.
65, the old man will rip me an ass and then everybody will say, oh, we heard the old man ripped you an ass and made a fool out of you.
Or like that, you know.
Just a bunch of whispers.
Just an excuse.
I hate this poll 32, a mere 3%.
Wow.
I don't have a phone, funny.
Do you know anybody who doesn't have a phone either, a cell phone or a regular phone or like a, uh, something?
No.
Never heard of such a thing.
Don't want my voice recognized 16.
And in a lot of your cases, I can understand why.
And can't call from work.
I'll get fired to do something like that.
I'll get recommended and slap right in the old, and then for us like that.
5670560.
I'm giving the numbers out, but I'm not planning on taking many calls in the near future.
But yeah, we're getting the so-called intensive today.
Haven't they been really special?
Oh, yeah, extra.
Kind of like that corn.
Oh, look at that.
There's actually a sales thing there from your buddy Brian Schmutz.
I don't know who that is.
Well, look at that.
You're close buddy, Brian Schmutz.
Not to be confused with the old accident.
You're a dead person to George Brian.
You're dead.
You don't even exist.
Don't darken his door.
Okay, don't come by there and like a lie to a woman, like to his face.
Like today he came in here and gave me the song to dance.
Whatever it was about the crappy piece of copy.
And then so he replaced it with another crappy piece of copy.
Almost as embarrassing as the first one.
Really, Pat, what happened to him?
He got married.
I don't know.
I don't know.
His wife is wonderful, but.
Well, apparently he's not being awesome.
But yeah, he never know.
There's something there that just doesn't meet the eye.
He used to be a good guy.
He used to be like right on top of it, sold a lot of stuff on the show.
He used to service the accounts.
He understood what the word copy meant.
He was like a manch.
He was a manch Brian Schmutz.
And now, oh boy, you don't want to know from it.
According to a breaking report on MSNBC,
what was breaking, what was it breaking last night?
A new Pentagon detaining manual.
Cut it out.
Executions based on hearsay evidence.
Oh, right.
Oh, I hear you're a bad guy.
But I mean, there you go.
That sounds like a weiner to me under this president.
We've learned the Pentagon is just completed the manual for coming detainee trials
that were lost suspected terrorists to be in prison executed using hearsay evidence
or coerced testimony said Nora O'Donnelly, Chief Washington Corresponder for NBC News,
24-hour MSNBC.
In other words, could be put to death on hearsay evidence.
Hey, we hear that you stole a freight train.
Like that, you know.
According to a copy of the manual obtained by the AP,
a terrorist suspect's defense lawyer cannot reveal classified evidence in the person's defense
until the government has a chance to review it and clarity rights for the AP.
News correspondent Pete Williams added that the big question before Congresses
should be allow these two types of evidence.
The handbook confer informs with the law, Williams said.
The handbook conforms with the law.
The manual sent to Capitol yesterday in schedule be released by the Pentagon
is intended to track a law passed last fall by Congress.
Restoring President Bush's plans to have special military commissions
tried terror war prisoners.
Those commissions have been struck down earlier in the U.S. Supreme Court.
The Pentagon mangled in ensuring the enemy combatants, the Bush administration's term for many of the terrorism suspect
captured in the battlefield are prosecuted before regularly constituted courts,
affording all the judicial guarantees which are recognized by civilized people across the document,
as required by a law the manual prohibits statements obtained by torture and cruel and human or degrading treatment
is prohibited by the Constitution.
However, the law does allow statements obtained through coercive interrogation techniques
obtained by the Constitution in December 30th, 2005, and deemed reliable by a judge.
Somebody said somebody write it you out and we think you're a bad guy.
But I'm saying you're dead. We're going to get the old hangman's news out again
and see if your head pops off too just like a sobbing buddy there today.
Oops.
Yeah, oops.
114 friends in my space aren't you impressed by that?
1114.
That's a... I mean not impressed.
Why don't I read my lesson? Why don't I ask you that quite?
You're impressed by much of anything.
You're impressed by some of the pictures on there.
Oh yeah.
And it's all mine when you come right down to it.
Not as much as you can see.
I don't need to go through any more of that service like you know you're a good buddy Ethan there from allegedly from Noah.
It'll hide me that was me all along.
I think it was George.
In fact George probably had...
Yeah, wouldn't surprise me.
I think five of those guys.
I'm on to you guys.
I'm not fooling around with me.
Sabotage.
And of course when you work at you and you're sabotaged anyway.
Listen I'm just kind of like extending here a little bit because I'm wondering where the hell is all those numbers that Clarence was going to have.
I know.
Or you know what happened to they installed some kind of a program in his computer that he was going to be able to get the information out.
He was going to be able to download it because he's a plus and he hasn't had that which you should have had a long time ago.
And he's probably still trying to figure it out.
He's probably still trying to figure where to stick it.
And of course he admitted to me he's been working on it for a long time.
Because there's big money riding on this man.
This isn't just some ordinary...
Well the ratings came in and the radio on board got a lot of phony diaries and yada yada yada.
Which we know they did.
See, it comes down to this for me.
Call me crazy.
You're crazy.
But men 25, 54.
Do you know any men?
I mean first of all you know any...
You know you're not really a spick anyway.
But you know any guys who listen to the radio on board between 25 and 54.
It's a women's station isn't it?
Correct.
One of the men in my family listened to that.
Who would have had whatever heard of it?
I mean they might listen to the radio mumbi or one of those other militant, you know, hooky pokey stations.
But not radio on board you know.
No.
The more I think about it, the more I get nauseous from it because it's just ridiculous on the face of it.
And I don't want to have a big number of medebid in the afternoon.
They had like an age share in men 25, 54.
Somebody wired a lot of diaries to get that thing screwed up like that.
Bogus.
But we'll do the best we can.
So I think you ought to send Chris in there to beat him on the head and say listen clearance.
If you don't cover those, he told me he emailed me last night.
At least he's even emailing me.
Some people email me, some people like email you like frantically one day and the next day they're like busy.
They have a life and I think well okay.
Oh man.
Like throwing a rope to a crazy person saying hey listen jump right now.
Let's see what happens.
Twenty before noon at QAM.
Why the, you bastard.
Get the form of everyone chamber one with Tyson.
Oh my god, I'm trouble again.
So...
Tyson got arrested on December 9th when Cosfon got taken under his seat.
He didn't try to buy a lot for the fight.
He's not like we found his head to feet.
It's real good.
My Tyson is a man.
That's a fact.
I'm sure you know the red.
That's a fact.
But I'm not good at tests.
I'm sure I'm going to test.
I'll take.
I'm an aerosol, a driving wreck.
Let's meet.
He almost slides right to full east sky.
Hey, had a bag of powder balance on his knee.
A wheel is standing like a game jaw.
That's forming my Tyson is a red.
That's a fact.
He's a mental health check.
That's a fact.
For his sudden in snap.
If he weren't green, he'd look just like Shrek.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
I would look just like Shrek.
Because I got room for him when he chambered with my Tyson.
And I'm out in the box with my love world.
And the fight is...
And the Shrek does some green monster perfume.
I'm not a Shrek in all his words.
I'm making any sense.
The former champ keeps the knitting safe.
When he smiles, he looks like a pickaxe.
He told cops to call up and give it.
I love rock.
Oh, hi, Tyson is a man.
That's a fact.
I'm sure you know the rest.
That's a fact, boy.
That's the land that's fresh.
And he punches so brightly, too.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I told you before I don't do good at tests.
He mixes, mixes, he mixes, whenever he can score.
But that's not off-bake.
Because he is broke.
Hell is flat.
Where is all he won't need it anymore?
Because cops got Mike Tyson with code.
It was in check.
Oh, would you like to have the money in a bank that he's peed away
during the course of his art and existence?
I'm just the year's worth of it.
How'd you like to have the interest on the way that he's peed away?
Especially with...
And where's Clarence with those numbers, by the way, the hour by hour?
I don't know.
In other words, this is going to be another QM production
when somebody tells us they're going to do something to Chris Gollin' there
and beat him up to the side of the head.
He's in there now.
Is he really?
Yeah, he.
What out the door?
Chris went out the door and said, hey, Clarence, what's going on here?
You knucklehead, you idiot.
And by the way, you'll be very pleased to know that your assignment
this morning is now complete.
Oh, excellent.
Isn't that beautiful?
It is. It's what a project comes all together.
Well, I got to be honest.
I thank you profusely from the bottom of my heart.
See you thinking...
Never made any such a claim.
Oh, a little bit, you think.
But you know...
In fact, there was a song, you don't know me.
Who had the right...
Was that your reveal?
Who did you don't know me?
No, no, no, no, no.
It's a very corny and the tragic old record that only old people, like me, remember.
Clarence's update, he's in a meeting with Craig Mish and wanted to other people apparently.
And what?
He's in a meeting with Craig Mish and wanted to other people in the other studio right now.
Mish Mish?
Well, what's that?
What the hell's that got to do with getting us those hour hourly numbers?
What's got to do with something much more important?
Oh, sports, I forgot about that.
I forgot about that.
I forgot about sports.
Sports.
By the way, Fidel Castro is in the coach of the dolphins.
And just like Fidel, the dolphins are going to be...
I'm not in the eye of the hand.
That's correct.
What is that?
Who said in the movie, we're thinking of it.
Michael Bobbling?
I don't know who that is.
Who's not your reveal?
Yes, thank you.
I wonder if your reveal is still on.
But you don't know me.
Canadian Cruder.
Canadian Cruder.
He sounds like a conuck.
He sounds like a twin of Anne Murray, only not his butch.
Certainly Ray Charles did this, though.
You don't know me.
Oh, and that's Ray Charles, and you don't know me.
I can tell.
I know it.
I hear it.
And I know it.
You give your hand to me.
And I was good.
He did that good.
I like Ray Charles.
He was good.
He's better than James Brown.
And I can't.
Now, maybe when you think they're going to make a movie about James Brown,
Brown, I'm Brown, starring Jamie Foxx.
Oh, and somebody suggested what are my close best personal friends in the universe suggested.
We should add to the poll.
I remember what he said.
Caller Shai.
Okay.
I'm Shai.
Yeah, I'm Shai, as in Shai Levy.
I'm Shai.
He said he would never call any show.
And he listens like 15, 16, 25, 30 hours a day.
But nevertheless.
And there was another one.
And how about also adding on there?
I'm a listener, not a caller.
How's that?
Okay.
Isn't that good?
Sure.
See, those are the people we respect, the people we love, like crazy.
The listening, not that we don't like the callers if they have something to say.
And if I live long enough, maybe we'll get one again someday.
Now, we had a couple.
And the L.I. radio people put their thing on her.
I think we're going to be okay.
But anyway, what you did for me this morning, I'm not going to go in and be here.
It was a very nice gesture and did a lot of work.
And, you know, I'm going to send you something to mail.
Oh, you're sweet.
I didn't say money.
I didn't expect anything.
Listen, you've done more for me than I could ever do if I had to.
I lived longer than you.
Oh, why do you say such a great cause?
If you could have heard when you were on vacation, and it was back when I was talking about the wheel and all this other crap,
and all these people calling it very well-meaning telling me, oh, you've got to put your genuiliate on your way.
Oh, they're nice, too.
Yeah.
Which I think I should.
Wouldn't that be a nice gesture?
What do you think, Chris?
I'm not talking about like a zillion dollars, but I'm just saying, you know, about 30?
No, they'd be a little more than that.
Now that I'm getting, you know, to the point where I'm not, I don't think I'm close to death.
In fact, I feel pretty good.
I sound great.
No, seriously, when you get to be this age, you come in the morning, and when I talk to you, I wonder,
gee, am I going to sound like human in a life today or what?
Listen, when you broke at the age of 100, when I'm like 70 years old.
Well, my parents made it 90 plus sometimes.
It'll be a wonderful prize.
It'll be a wonderful prize.
When I'm 70, a fish and buy a pond in North Carolina somewhere, it'll be nice to get an envelope in the mail.
Yeah, there you go.
The old man croaked and he left you like, you know, 100,000.
The buy this on the new set of dentures with it.
There you go.
It'll be really nice.
No, seriously, I think what I should do is by the time I accumulate all those zillions of dollars
when I do return about 20 years, is like take a chunk and set it aside for people that, you know,
aren't going to be like equal partners with my real close, wonderful friends, including my newest ones.
But at any rate, no, seriously, you did a very nice thing.
I can't tell you on the other one what it was, but George did a wonderful thing, and it's a paid off 100%
and everybody involved.
I'm just saying, I don't know if I was always like this, you know, I'm a sentimental old fool.
Maybe that's why that expression came to me.
You're well, you're well.
I'm a sentiment, a sentiment when we'll like it.
I've always said you were old, softy.
I am.
I am.
And I tell that to people when I talk behind your back.
Yeah, I know.
I said underneath that heart.
And I'm like, I'm like this, an old, you're on here.
One thing that some of these people are discovering, this MySpace experience, is that when I take a liking to somebody,
which there are just aren't that many people.
I mean, you know, most of the people on MySpace have been very nice.
I'd say like 90% of them have been really super duper.
And I respond, and it's frustrating.
I can't respond because of that, you know, a game that Lunatic played the other day.
But listen, there's some people spend their whole lives being Lunatic, and that's just the way they are.
But when I take a liking to somebody, and I mean, really, I just...
I like them.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
A lot.
Right, let's see.
I know, that sounds awfully gay.
You like that one, huh?
Yeah, we come to expect, you know, gay.
It has nothing to do with gay, okay?
Okay, gay.
Okay, it's nothing to do with that.
You're fairy.
Gay.
And unusual archaeological site discovered in Peruz Mountains may hold clues to the history of the Chakapoya people.
Do you ever hear that?
You're the intellectual on the moron.
Yeah, no, I've never heard of them.
No one has cloud warriors who fought the ink and part before the Spanish conquest.
Keith Muscat, and by the way, are you going to tell me explain to me?
Because your daughter was an exchange student in Japan.
You know, the daughter of that that phony of faxer was high to see.
And so you're into that whole Japanese thing.
And evidently, somebody else out there is turning Japanese, so to speak.
And you can explain that anime thing to me.
Because I'm not...
You know, it's so far out of my league, you know.
Right.
Anyway, I'll get back to the deli.
I'm just...
So you can think about it.
You can make up some stuff and pretend you know something about it.
I do.
Well, good.
Keith Muscat, a British-born Czech-Jap player researcher, was...
He's the Czech-Jap player researcher with the University of California Santa Cruz.
Said the other day he was strikingly...
And the site was strikingly analogous because of its eye shape and rope location.
And the dense forest full of spider monkeys and two cans.
And there's a picture here, the Czech-Jap player civilization known for its mountain top sit-dails and well-preserved mummies.
And there's a picture of a mummy.
Oh my God, take a look at mummy.
In fact, that could be my mummy right now. She ain't probably looking too good.
The unfortified possibly ceremonial structure is located in area previously considered on the periphery of the Czech-Jap player domain in the upper Amazon region.
This is in Lima, Peru.
And actually, my very close good personal friend here in Toronto is a half-paruvian and half-Filipino. How do you like that?
It's an interesting combination in it.
Yeah, it is. Yeah, he's a good guy. Great guy.
What did you see? I'm not really such a hard-ass dumb of you people out there.
I'm just an old softy like you said. I'm just a wonderful guy.
And I just, you know, shower affection on people that deserve it, which in your case...
What he's showing is that we don't really know what their territory was he told.
What is the place where the ruins were discovered have been considered a buffer zone between the Highland Czech-Jap player and the travel cultures of the Amazon basin.
It is certainly not a fortress, so either the Czech-apploys territory extended further east or they relied more on cooperation than conflict with their neighbors.
Wouldn't that be nice? More on cooperation than conflict with their neighbors instead of killing your neighbors.
That's the history of the freaking human race, man. It's a disgrace to human race.
I mean, there are those of us like those people listening right now and you and me and Chris and a few other people.
Josh?
That's not Josh Dero, Josh Corden. You know, nice people.
Great.
And some of my online friends here, nice people. And of course, they're the rest of the human race, miserable, especially the more far-bison, the religious notes.
BAAAGH! Like that.
Had too many ass-floor police for a ride, this one says, Shalamar Florida.
We're in a hell of a Shalamar. Oh, you're going to tell me about after the break. You know, after the top of the yard by the enemy.
Okay. You're going to educate me.
Okay.
Well, most seriously, if you're going to confabulate people who are interested in something, then you ought to find out what the hell it is.
You're going to be boring, you know, but yeah, I'll do it anyway.
You think I'll be bored? Maybe. You'll tell me.
I don't know.
But just fancy Japanese cartoons, Ben.
Now, don't be saying that. That's a terrible thing.
Oh, no, no, no, no. I don't think I said a lot. It's just, you know.
After you went to the trouble of whatever you set out the other day and you got a nice response and thank you so very much in your idea.
We happen to be nice people on this show and those of you on the Myspace thing you're discovering.
And once I get that, we get off probation on there if that ever happens.
I will continue responding to everybody and I'll delete anybody who looks like another game player because I'm not going to get sucked into that crap again.
You should part in the expression.
What's the point?
But you just, seriously, I'm not, you know me. I'm not big into asking. Although I've been doing a lot of it lately myself to other people, but that's okay.
I just don't like people kissing my ass because, you know, when you do this, oh Larry, your show is wonderful.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, you know, that crap. It's just so ponderous and boring. I'd rather have the confrontation. I'm talking about on the year.
Like that. And of course in this market, you get it.
Shalamar, Florida residents in this panhandled town can call the police for a ride home if they have had too many drinks.
The new service was posted in the town's online newsletter January 2, according to the Northwest Florida Daily News.
The Shalamar police will take residents who are too drunk to drive home as far as 25 miles away.
Isn't that nice? Where the hell is Shalamar? Anybody know? Shalamar, Florida.
Never heard of it. I've heard of Shambhalama Ding Dang and Ding Dong. Some other people do the New Year's Eve thing and the police were talking.
Rambo-lambo ding dong. What is that? Shalamar.
Why do it just don't do the New Year's Eve to Tom Burns, the town manager?
We've got the capability to probably do it year round in Shalamar.
Well, the Northwest Florida Daily News, that should be like a hint to you right there. Northwest Florida. Maybe up in the panhandle, baby.
Burns said the guidelines for the program are still loose and could be changed over time.
He said, please, we'll have to use common sense of someone seems to be taking advantage of the service and using it like a limo service, something like that.
Police chief John E. Cash. Isn't that a great name? Is middle initials E. John E. Cash.
But he's here. The public department is offering a similar service, at least during the holiday season.
We're going above and beyond that. He said, I don't think a lot of agencies do it.
So if you want to have the police take really good care of you and go out and get plastered.
They'll take you right home wherever you want to go. They'll take you to the strip joint and they'll give you a ride.
In Shalamar, everybody moved to Shalamar.
We'll look at that. Larry King, another show on the Kidnapped Team.
Now, the only reason I read that story before, because the ripped real ride, it'd be a well deserved ass, right?
But other than that.
1157, a QM. Don't forget the Mad Dog, a full week's work.
Because at recently we believe in an honest day's work for an honest day's page.
This is Dick Cheney. I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour.
Hey.
You know something?
I just, I do, I like the damn thing down to all the things.
Oh, I just, I get excited.
I'm emotional. I'm emotional basketball.
But then again, you know that.
Not me. I'm, oh, sorry.
We're about 10 years too late.
Yeah, that one things were great.
Clinton was president.
Okay, was innocent.
But we can still see friends.
And people said, but I did it.
Really had an internet.
And there was no spam yet.
Never heard about being locked.
Wall Street was always in the black.
We still care about Mad Dog.
And not about sneak attacks.
And all that great music.
Yeah, you could take your pick.
Like it was set from God. No cell phones.
No angles. No.
I thought play hoaxes or hoody.
That Randy was a cutie.
There was a land.
It's more sex.
And Julius went from love.
It's a f**king.
We're smashing the Beatles tragic cash in.
But something quite feels right since.
1919, 1995.
1919, 1995.
You know what, Brian?
Yeah, and Whitney.
They beat the pants up, Whitney.
We still had some teasers.
But also there was Weasier and Weasel.
We Hawkins.
Yes, she was good for talking.
I wondered if she survived that.
1919, 1995.
Oh!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
IT'S
19 19 25
You got to be kidding me.
Cooking for a gift.
Cooking for a gift.
Come on take some of thatapy
I'm home sword sucker.
I'm home sword sucker.
I'm driving it.
You're not going to leave me there.
I'm not going to go into a discussion of such a ridiculous spectrum way out of my league.
Believe me, no interest. Trust me.
I already told you that.
Here's a message from your, your, your my close personal friend who says,
Michael Bubley is the Schmidt.
You should download a stuff if you like, so not just that stuff, and he's a pretty young hottie too.
Now, well, you do that research that.
Oh, man, coming from my extremely 400% head of a sexual friend, that's the most amusing.
But you see, you see the impact I have on people because they loosen up a little bit.
You know, see it goes to show you that the guys can admit that they recognize if there's some other, you know,
without, oh, gee, you're a, you're a, you're a, you're a, that's amusing.
So I called Bubley. I never heard of me either.
In fact, I would have said, Buble.
We knew that.
You know, yeah, Michael, Buble.
So anyway, you're going to tell me about anime now.
We're all going to learn about this in a few minutes.
Oh boy.
Well, I don't know.
It was not sure.
Yeah, it's hot.
Well, you know, there is a hot.
What's so hot about it?
All right.
You got cartoons.
We're in 119 votes, by the way, for the pool counters.
Not bad.
Go ahead.
Anime, generally speaking, refers to Japanese cartoons.
And whereas in the rest of the world, cartoons were for kids with the notable exception of possibly Disney movies,
which are still also for kids.
Most countries, including this one, don't take cartoons seriously as into really make good cartoons for adults or for kids, but seriously.
But the Japanese did for some reason.
So Japanese cartoons, aka anime, they have a lot of them, and they're good and they're serious and they're violent.
They've got sexual stuff in them.
And they just have a lot of material over there in general.
They have sexual stuff in them?
Sure.
They run the gamut.
In other words, the kind of material that you would expect to see only like in movie type stuff, they animate every kind of storyline, tragedy, demons, raping things.
The sky is the limit and they have a lot of it, and it tends to be very good.
But I would say it's a kind of a thing that a real pervert would enjoy.
Now it starts to explain it.
Not just.
I'm starting to give them that.
It's a full spectrum thing, but they take their animation seriously, and that's why it's good.
I say it.
It's just a notch above the car.
What do you do?
You buy the sun DVD movies?
It's just Japanese cartoons, so they have Japanese anime, TV shows, movies.
But it's in Japanese language, though, right?
But usually, in some channels, usually it gets subtitled and or dubbed over for a re-release over here.
I see.
Well, that sounds very nice.
At least not in Spanish, anyway.
I'm going to have to try to watch the boring thing and overlook it.
Because, yeah, I was able to find it in Spanish anyway.
I understand that the thing is, at the beginning, they're setting it up.
What's the long set up, I'll tell you.
It sure is that he's having this adventure in America, but then he starts playing pranks on all these unsuspecting people.
And that's what's funny.
It's not so much what he does or says, but what he gets other people to do and say, and they make fools of themselves.
Nice.
Yeah.
I see.
Why do you know me?
I got to keep up now being the daughtery old fart that I am.
Stay current, pops.
Yeah.
I got news for it.
I'm living in a place that's like 100 years ahead, light years ahead, over your ass to stuck.
And you know that.
Now, because of what you did for me this morning, I was just a little project that I had George take care of.
And because you did that, I am going to, this weekend, sending out for you and our good buddy, Josh Cordis.
Because he still do not know how to start.
Chris, nothing for you, but not yet.
I'm used to it.
He's still paying his dues.
No, first of all, why would I send Chris money?
I know.
He's ugly.
Oh, no, that's kind of, you, you think that I took care of, oh, that's bad.
Do you think I'm sending you money because you're cute?
No.
Because I got a house for you.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Always tell people that what?
That, you know, people accuse you of liking me because, because you're cute?
Because of a kid, I said, no, no, no, I said nothing can be further from the truth.
Trust me.
If I were cute, I wouldn't have the work for a living.
I'm doing it because I'm a very appreciative nice guy because I'm making a couple of bucks in because,
and because we got some bonus money coming, we might find out how much we got.
Hold it with your friends, every gets out of this stupid, uh, mishmash meeting,
and decide who wants to tell us this.
Sports are the bread and butter of this radio station.
Well, guess what?
There are going to be a lot of people starving pretty soon.
Based on those numbers I saw yesterday.
And here's another poll suggestion from our, we've got a new guy, who's a good one.
He's a good one for his money.
This is a good poll we've never done this one before.
This is good.
Who poses a greater threat to the human gene pool?
This is good.
The average Nearoger show caller.
The average I would have sports show caller.
The average American Idol consistent or the average American Idol viewer.
How about people that are watching Dancing with a Tharve?
I've never watched, yeah, I see, you see the blurbs about it on there, but I wouldn't watch two seconds of it,
but I mean that, that to me, is just, yeah.
It's just like a story from watching people play poker.
Hmm.
For some reason that just, and then also the other day on Woodbuying Wednesday.
So I had this old, so many Chinese people, they love their gambler, man.
They all got big bucks.
I don't know where the hell they get it from and don't even speculate, but they love their gambling.
But they also, our little socially challenged, in other words, they do things that are just bizarre.
Like they'll stand almost on your shoulder behind you watching you play your machine, man.
I don't want somebody standing over my shoulder while I'm working my machine, man.
You know what I'm saying?
Go watch somebody else's machine and get the law off my back.
And of course tomorrow is WS, which is Woodbuying Saturday.
When if we nested out another cup back to back winners, that would be.
TJX companies, operators of TJ Max and Marshall's Discount Stores announced Wednesday its computer system was hacked late last year in customer information stolen.
Consumers who have shopped its stores in 2003 and between May and December of 2006 are urged to check their credit card statements that bank accounts were on authorized charges.
The full extent of the theft is still unknown, but the hackers started the portion of the computer network containing customer data such as credit and debit card numbers and checking information the company said.
In Dayton-Broward counties, the company operates 10 TJ Max stores, four home goods stores, and about 16 Marshall's outlets.
In addition to TJ Max and Marshall's, data collected from the company's home goods in AJ Wright stores, New S and Puerto Rico, and winners in home sends stores in Canada may have also been stolen.
Winners in home sends in Canada, I never heard of them.
You know, see that? I guess that's one of the disadvantages of my not having a car here.
Yeah, I guess it's almost five years I've been doing shows here.
Right? And yet, in spite of that, I'm not having a car and having my regular cab guy takes me to woodmine in the airport and pretty much that's it.
I know we didn't know this city. When you live in the downtown area like in a high-rise, the big city, you recognize a lot of the regular people in your neighborhood, the dry cleaning lady and the convenience store lady and all these other people.
And the people in your building a lot of me see out on the streets, but you just, if you don't have a car, you don't really get to explore the city, which probably is just as well.
You don't want to be driving around. It's just as many crazy people here as there are other people as far as driving.
I mean, you could always run a car for the weekend and go exploring if you ever got a hair.
And go exploring one. That's just it. That's what exploring is all about.
We just start driving. Start driving around. See what's around.
And get lost out there? Yeah, exactly. Thanks. I'll pass, say.
I don't really know, Miss. I do enjoy what I'm down there driving my vet. I do like that. Although, you know, it is south Florida, but I was used to it.
No, I know. It's not good. Right there down here.
The company said identified certain consumers whose information has been removed from the computer system and the supply and the data and the credit card companies, the company said.
It also said that identified individuals whose drivers license numbers have been stolen and was in the process of contacting these people directly.
T.J.S. operates 826 T.J. Max stores, 751 marshals, 271 homewood stores, and how many? 162 A.J. Wright stores, 36 Bob stores throughout the country's well stores in Canada and Europe.
Canada and Europe. I'll tell you one thing. Before you die, you'll get to Europe before you die. It's on the list. I'm just telling you, they better be near the top of the list.
It's very close to the top. Very, very urgent priority for everybody out there. Anybody that wants to travel, get you in a passport and I'm telling you, Europe is where it's at.
And whatever you like, you don't want to go to Spain, speak in a pint, and you won't... I don't really know. And Madrid, do they really speak like...
Oh, yeah, I'll just speak Spanish for the list. Yeah, I'm like a little bit...
Because I told you I got a USA today at the newsstand when I went to Madrid and the guys were much at the craftiest and I thought, oh my god, you're fair.
It's the first thing I thought. I was thinking about Michael Bubley.
See?
1128 votes on the poll. Only one says I'm shy. Who would be too shy to make a call?
I day you were Steve.
Federal Food and Drug Administration is joining investigation of the E. coli outbreak at Taco Bell.
No, it is on the E. coli outbreak. The majority of victims ate at Taco Bell.
Well, I drove down to get a bing-boring home. Taco Bell was calling out to me.
I felt like I was shot with a torpedo.
And then I got explosive number three.
Then my true one, Tire and the Wheel of Truth.
Then my true one, gave me all of my dreams.
I was real, playing inside my toilet.
And my true one, but it wasn't over yet.
Oh, Clyde, I'm so sick. The United Sick is I. I'm much sick of the new impons of all.
I was just a little bit sick of the new impons of all.
I was just a little bit sick of the new impons of all.
I was just a little bit sick of the new impons of all.
Then my true one, my inside is green.
I was weak with case of the appeal.
And on my turn I started growing fruit.
From 21 to 516, let's see. Is that also on the assurber that I have to fill out the questionnaire, the quiz, whatever that is?
Oh, I don't know.
Is that a plot quiz?
I don't remember what was on there.
So you already took it, huh?
Yes, sir.
Now, is this something that you pass or you fail?
What does it mean?
I don't understand.
I was just a little bit...
I was just a little bit...
Yeah, you're supposed to learn, you're supposed to know things.
But it's like a couple of questions where what's the maximum the radio station would be fined by the SEC?
Oh, 80th-
Oh, I'm not laughing.
80th-
Probably for that pornographic, no punches, pooled show there on a weekend.
No punches, pooled.
Oh, and by the way, the guy, the Corvette guy, who said he couldn't listen to the unhappy birthday of him, I should play the city's 46, where my correspondents are on my space.
He thinks he stumped me.
I tried to respond to the guy, but he doesn't, I can't answer him.
He's trying to play a smart, because he can't send out any messages.
Darryl Siddler is here, you're looking for, he got 10 points and I saw that game.
Darryl Siddler.
Pretty Toronto-Me police.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I wonder if he leaves Panthers' game, is on a replay here.
Or if he goes back to the point, on a carol, he got a piece of ham, the anthropoc, couldn't haul in that lead pass, it comes to severize.
My close personal friend, the great Joe Bowen, the very best in the universe.
How's it going, Joe?
Loose that answer to him, man, I'm worried about him.
He's another one.
Just blowing up like somebody stuck up Bicycle Pump in his neck, but anyways, good guy.
And great.
It leaves me the Apatis, three two yesterday in the Macarena, any hockey interest out there, at all.
Iranian troops have shot down the US, probably the spy plane recently at Iranian lawmaker announced Tuesday, as the Islamic Republic was facing increasing military pressure from its art travel.
The USA.
Oh, I'm telling you, we, just when we need balls, man, we got Nancy Pelosi.
And Harry Reid, whims, we got whims, baby.
The aircraft was brought down when it was trying to cross the borders during the last few days.
Sayed Nizam, Mollah Haviza.
Schwartz.
I remember the parliament was coded by the local far, far as news agency is saying.
There's some names that we just, yeah, I just love.
Schwartz is one of them.
Schwartz.
Schwights.
The lawmaker gave no exact date to the shooting down, any of the details about the insinbidity said the US sent such five drones to the region every now and then.
And every now and then.
But I think they decided to shoot one down just to show another bunch of whims like Nancy Pelosi.
The announcement came amid reports that the US is increasingly flexing its muscles.
Oh, my God.
The counter-rans growing regional assertiveness in port more pressure on turban over its controversial nuclear programs, whereas your leader would say nuclear, your fearless leader.
And any of you out there who voted for him, we're going to come and beat the crap out of you.
Oh, look at this.
Gay ex-governor's life rights, well, as nobody cares about, we're going to attack Iran, all other stuff in the Israelis are going to like a new command and stuff like that.
Why should we worry about that?
By the way, preliminary numbers coming at you right now.
Really?
And what do you have?
I haven't averaged anything out yet. I just stuck it right in the machine.
What would mean you haven't averaged them out yet?
Well, he had to be a piece of paper. I stuck it in the machine post-paste.
Well, I see. Well, I can do that.
But I, the estranged wife of former New Jersey governor James McGrievey, who in 2004 stunned the nation by announcing he was gay and resigning from Orifice.
Is writing in a memoir.
Dean and Mattelist McGrievey's silent partner scheduled to be published in spring by Hyperion Books.
I've had a lot of requests for interviews and appearances, but I thought it best for my daughter Jacqueline and myself to stay out of the public.
Male strum, Diana McGrievey said in the statement, released Thursday by Hyperion.
But two years have passed, and I'm still the subject of a much specular speculation as the nature of my reputable relationship with my husband enough is enough with her gay husband.
Well, I'll take it one thing. Those numbers are coming very slowly.
6.9, but we don't know what the other people have yet.
So we had a 6.9. We had them near a seven-year-old.
Nice had seven, so I was wrong.
I'm going to tell you something. We ought to be pretty damn proud of that in a book where, first of all, the Spanish language music stations had this gigantic bogus, they got all the diaries.
And number two, the rest of the station was, I don't want to be unkind.
James McGrievey's memoir, the confession came out nice. He wrote in the book that he was forced to quit after the man he loved threatened to reveal his homosexuality unless he was paid millions to say quiet.
See, I'm going to, if there's nothing else that I accomplish here between now and 100 years when I finally a croak or hang it up, I'm going to teach people out there that you can love someone.
I mean, anybody should know that. There are people who love their father.
Sure. Right? So your brother? Right. Yes. Right? Yes.
Yes. Love their uncle, love their cousins? Correct.
So why is it so, it did just because somebody is gay, like me, so they're different than the things that they love.
That is correct. Very well said.
Of course, I've said the same thing, but you just said it in such a way. It was so emotional. Well, I must have heard somebody else say it before.
So where did you get the 6-9? I averaged out hour and a half. Oh, you're older than that. Yeah.
Well, look at this. Wait until I read these numbers after the break, man. Everybody get on the edge of your seat and find the hour by hours. We did outstanding.
They ought to be sending me a check for like 20 million dollars right now, small bills.
WBFacts has been exploiting me. There's an historical basis for Chinese people to hang on the shoulder and hover over gamblers and casinos.
It seems that like in places in Hong Kong and Macau, the native indigenous folks were barred from sitting at the gaming tables.
It was a former racism by the Brits. I wonder if they were allowed to stand behind the seated white gamblers and toss bets on the table.
They're also the ones who make the occasional disruptor better than the table immediately walk away. Real pains in the ass.
It was quite evident over the Bahamas years ago when the cruise ships and air junk had strapped off a contingent Chinese folks for not a gambling they would drive you nuts.
PS for the pool. How about I'm a factor and out of color? Actually, I'd WB. We like the WB because Tom Swelling is on it.
Tom Welling is swelling. He's looking good these days by the way. I saw a couple of small bills lately by accident.
I mean, I got away from it. What was the reason I got away from it? I don't know. I don't know. You got bored with it.
Is that what it is? That wasn't very good and then when we stopped launching it everybody said, oh, it's got really good.
Yeah, I don't think so. And then of course when Tom started rubbing Lexi Luther's bald spot a lot. God, pit god.
The people that brought you the biggest loser presents the latest celebrity reality sensation the biggest celebrity loser.
Hi, I'm Carolyn Ray. My career isn't exactly on fire, but I'm an a-lizard compared to these labs.
The biggest celebrity loser isn't just about rate loss. It's about loss fame and fame that shouldn't have been there in the first place.
Okay, let's meet our contestants. Bulletin. Yo, yo, yo, I'm Kevin Fedellan, aka K-Fed aka Phoma, Mr. Britney Spears.
Hi, I'm Nicole Richie. Love the drink, hey, tea.
I'm Duffin Diamond, screech, on save by the bell, and I'm currently starring in an adult film that no one wants to see.
Alrighty, now the rentee.
I'm Michael Richards. I used to be on signbuild. Now I appear in white sheets.
Hello, I'm Janice Dickinson, the world's first super bitch.
Honeybunner, do you see? I'm off my rocker and on steroids.
Let the competition begin.
They're all losers. They're all celebrities. Kind of, but only one will become the biggest celebrity loser.
The world has become today, some of me have come to your cloud.
Oh, yeah, I'm proud. Loud and proud. Out loud. 12.32.5.60.
Here's some bad news. Investigators are trying to figure out what caused us sealing at Pompeno Park to collapse at 11 o'clock this morning.
We're using thermal imaging equipment to see if there's anyone under the rubble.
Said Sandra King's spokesman for the spokesman for the Pompeno Beach Fire Department.
Late this morning, investigators hadn't found anybody injured. Thanks God.
Materials fell from the sealing king, said we couldn't give any more details.
Earlier this month, the Alec Apri, we're seeing what the Pompeno Beach Track received at state slots license.
Racino managers hope to open by the end of March.
I'll be there looking for a good machine mine.
Company has spent more than $150 million on construction of the facility, which include four restaurants and a poker room at Pompeno Park.
The sealing's limited to the aftermath of still from Katrina.
Even all this time later, you think it's possible?
It's possible, but unlike the previous year.
In other words, you think I'm crazy. You think I'm nuts.
And again, back to the rating book. Now look at that.
The big rock solid.
Oh!
From five to six in the morning, had a 1.4 share and from six to seven.
Now let's see what time are Kenny and Bo on. That's right. He's on five to seven.
From six to seven, had a 1.1.
Ooh, maybe he's not as rock solid.
From seven to eight, Kenny and the Bo, the morning show, had a 2.9 share.
Seeing those people are wondering, what are these numbers? And you'll keep talking about when he talks about these ratings all the time.
It's to share how many people are listening.
At that moment.
That's right.
Seven away day and they had a 2.9 share.
Now see, wouldn't it be nice if we also had the, since they're so upset for the cross-nose freed people, had those numbers too.
But this is all he gave you.
I'm sure they're cooking on.
I just went to the bathroom and he's working on getting more stuff.
Especially that other sheet, which will determine how much money we get.
And I have everything crossed and I have a dance song queued up just in case.
Oh, everybody said, bro, I'm for us, okay.
Can I finish reading these numbers without my interrupting myself?
Seven away day and 2.9 for Kenny and Bo, then they had a 2.5 a day to clock, then a 2.7 and 9.
Pretty consistent.
Not exciting, but consistent.
Then we go from a 2.7 on their show at 9 a.m. to our first hour.
We have a 6.7.
Holy moly rat, man.
We stand out above and fact this graph, you know what it shows, it looks like somebody's flipping the bird there.
It's like somebody's flipping up the base index right there in the middle of the day.
Flippin' the bird to the rest of the world.
We got a 6.7 at 10, 11 o'clock at 7.3 share at 12 o'clock, we got a 7.3 and then at 1 to 2, we got a 6.6.
And then of course, at noon to 2, those last two hours up against rush.
Rush.
I bet you we kicked his ass again.
And we nice to see what the other stations did too.
I would de and waxy.
And then at 2 o'clock, we dropped down to a 3.1.
Oh, no, you know something?
That's good.
So in other words, you figure we have a 6.9?
I averaged that for you.
I'm not good, but it's good for us.
Well, that is what we have there because I averaged out those four hours.
But it might round out to a 7 though, you never know.
Because it doesn't always come out.
The number doesn't come out is what you think it's all you might talk about.
My calculator.
So, mad dog, a 3.1 and then a 2.3 at 3 o'clock.
Oh, what's going on there, man?
I think we dug ourselves a depolar and now he's going to have to dig a son of it.
Get that shovel out, mad dog.
2, 3 at 3 o'clock.
And then at 4 o'clock, that big power hour up to a 3.7.
The Humper at 5 has got a 4.6.
Nice going Humper, man.
And then at 6.7, it's a 1.4 and that's because mostly in it, there's Panther stuff in there.
Or non-Hank stuff, you know?
Philip, is that a good excuse?
Okay, sure.
And the nighttime, you don't want to know.
Too, not good.
But that is really another feather in our clap, a snap crack.
Yeah.
That is pretty amazing.
So, we're still waiting for the rest of it.
But these business is promising.
And evidently, they got the maximizer and the minimizer and the synthesizer.
They got it all in Clarence's equipment there in his piece.
And we're working on getting these numbers.
Of course, not the audience probably didn't care all that much.
But it would be really nice to be able to play that thing, which we usually do.
I know.
Queue it up.
When, huh?
When the thing isn't as wired as it seems to be now.
We're number one, baby.
And all those wired diaries for the radio on more audio, young guys listen to the radio on more of my ass.
So anyway, Michael Buble is not a bad looking guy.
And the pictures weren't very good.
So, let me come in to my close personal friend.
I'm an excellent tasting, and he'll talk with you.
Yeah, in that nap nap nap.
But if he sounds like Sinatra, you know who else is...
Sounds like Sinatra or a little bit, the same kind of Cornwall music.
Or the guy from the...
Hey, you know, Nick Jr.
That's the one.
Very good.
How do you know that?
No, because everybody always compares him to Sinatra and I say, that's not a good thing.
Exactly.
For either one of them.
Right.
Well, it's a better thing for Harry, because he's still alive.
But anyway, Harry Connick Jr.
That kind of music just leaves me asleep.
Yeah.
But I'll see.
I'll check it out.
I'll check it out.
In fact, I'll check that out while you're checking out anime.
Now, do you think I should go out and buy one of those DVDs?
No, no, no.
It would.
Myself, my daughter, everybody, and no, we have lots of anime.
I'll try to find something that I think you might...
What do you mean by that?
I'll try to get a quarter of a couple of bucks to go out and check that thing out.
He's got an awfully smug look on his face clearance while he's handing me these numbers.
I'll try yourself something nice.
All right, woo!
We're number one, David!
Holy moly rat man, now there's a party in my pants.
I'm going to say to that.
Oh!
Yeah!
Holy moly jigging here.
Hold on a moment, I was going to dance.
Now I can go to Woodbite and Marmorning and really have a good time.
I can punch it no pressure, baby.
That is three.
Your parents should have come in there and kissed you right on the air.
He should have kissed you all over your body.
This is special folks.
Because it means...
I'm right.
I'm right.
You're going to come at me.
Yeah!
I'm expecting emails from Joe Bell, Bruce Beasley, Joyce.
I already got one from Norma.
I don't care about your crap now.
This is Joe Norma, Jesus Christ.
I care about your crap.
You take a good...
We're number one.
I'm just fine.
So happy.
Me too, for more reasons than just that.
I'm telling you man, what did I say the other day?
My life has turned to corner.
It really has.
And spread a some people out there trying to like destroy it and ruin it and make me miserable.
By the way, Brandon hands off.
Hands off the goods.
But, well, he just...
He's a good guy.
He's just a little bit of a wise ass, you know?
Don't mess with any of my friends.
I'll have the chain game come to your house and chain you to the wall.
You probably enjoy it though.
So that is a real feather in everybody's clap.
But in fact, let's get the clap around.
Let's hear it as any a Roger Show.
I think we ought to really...
Because December, the whole station got really ho...
We got a host job in December.
I'm just saying...
What is your buddy, Larry?
The house when Larry King live, continue.
Larry King live.
How can you tell?
Don't look live to me.
Okay, let me reach back here and see what it is.
Here's the good news.
Oh, here's...
Oh, he sent me from all the day parts.
Yeah.
I'll see that for a minute.
That's good.
Nice work, Clarence.
I love you, baby.
Let's see.
I'm saying that and he knows it's a pilot craft.
I don't have anything personal against Clarence.
I mean, he never stole a freight train.
It's just that...
On a professional side, he's...
You know, he's got some work to do.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh.
He's got a little bit of work to do.
Let's see how that pool is coming.
Okay, let's get back to the show and not just how much
the bonus money Georgineel is going to make up.
Yeah, right.
Let's get back to the things that are really important.
Okay, let's put on one of them tapes so I can go out and...
...and build.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I got a better idea since we're so immersed in the numbers here.
Let's just...
Yeah.
I have some time for that.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah.
Well, you know, he's been on there reading those bedtime stories,
and of course all that MySpace stuff and his psychosis,
you know, it was Jacob and then it was...
And, you know, and then of course that Ethan Fonee,
and Vologna Business, that's okay.
I got my buddies on there, okay?
My life is sweet right now.
Instead of just fanting people on there.
My life is...
And of course, what you did this morning,
now I don't have this into that check.
Well, not that I'm getting this big bonus check.
I can save this somebody else.
Yeah, there you go.
So you can buy a lot of anime.
Oh, boy.
Oh, brother, what a life, man.
What a life.
Well, thanks to that clearance for a hell of a job.
So he had a Schmidt even read out his face when he came in.
He had been looking all like with his best poker face
so that I couldn't read it.
You know, not a good face reader anyway, so...
Really?
I heard clearance gives good face.
That's what I heard.
He handed me the numbers and said,
go buy yourself something nice.
Well, it was not sweet.
Well, hand over one, dammit!
Yes, yes!
Oh, alright.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to a dumb that people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescent nation
and the only one that's going
now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil going.
Forget about Korea and the nooks
they're totalling at the right wing
is drilling it over and over
and to our hits.
That iraq has some weapons
of fastest ruckian.
Three thousand people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil too be counted.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankato's Sama.
There's no longer mention of.
The name is Lotton.
But no one seems concerned of.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
The name is Lotton.
Is it Swimming?
That was a hit!
Did you collect that?
We didn't volt those beads in protest.
We didn't see it.
The fight was on to ceremony
There was riot so far.
And how a virgin installed with no objection at all
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right
Wing is drilling it over and over and over
To operate washbed by rag-assum
Weapons of past destruction
Only a rag-assum
Weapons of past destruction
I think you want to send a little number to a chicken act too
They're giving him a little bit of bonus
I think you should
You think I should?
Jesus, Joseph has a very nice, I buy lunch
I beg your pardon?
When we meet every week, I buy lunch
Good for you, that's a nice act of kindness and generosity
He deserves much more than that
He is an unsung hero
I just want him to know how much I appreciate him
That's from Mocha Brie, right on his ball spot
He is a pretty good ball spot
He is a genius
He really is, yes he is
And in that particular bit, I still say that there could be
What if I need the National Anthem right there
Never, never got the... I agree
But anyway, it's not even close
Look at that
We're number one, dig me!
We relatively speaking, it's not like by a tenth of a point or something like that
Well, we've already steeped on by
Well, let's look at these numbers and hear it for the radio audience out there
I want to know who's on first and who's on what
And I know who's on the line
I've never seen my life, I'm going to send it to you
Normally, I don't send along facts as of this nature
Really?
This one just happens to be funny
But you're not going to tell me what it is
No, it's just like this one
It's from when it comes off to my shima
People send me facts and say nice things about me
I appreciate that, but they go right into the garbage
Because what are you going to do with that?
Yeah, but this one happens to be funny
Is it nice?
Nice
It's very nice and I got a chuckle
It's not just nice, it's very nice
Oh, yeah
Well, that's good
Anyway, let's see, five to seven in the morning
Nobody's awake at those hours anyway
How well five beats the acrado
That's the hardest working guy in Shobiz
What's his name, the lean mean grill machine?
What's that guy's name?
Tom Jo
I was going to say Ron Popeel
Ron Popeel is not the lean mean grillman
George Foreman
No, it's Tom Joiner, the hardest working flyboy in Lidak
Whatever, that's the
What is working man in Shobiz?
It is, yeah
Sounds like a racial thing to me
WSDJ is number two in the five to seven slot
Radio Amor, who had a totally bogus
Can you imagine the number that we would have had if it wouldn't have been for a radio Amor
Which they should only croat all the way
Do like these people
Even with this fat ass
I think he lost his way
Here's this from the, oh I see, Palm Beach Trouble Maker
Yeah
Danny says, Neal, I, but you know I love you
But the fact is you just don't appreciate George
A guy doesn't even realize how talented he is on here
But you do, here's a guy who's always there for you
Intelligent, well spoken, trying to raise two girls and a wife
Cut loose with a couple of grand at least
And quit being so heavish
Oh, brother
I could have been
And you will attest to this, I could be one of the most generous peep
I know, maybe he meant Peavish
Yeah, Peavish, my ass
Okay, I got your Peavish over here, you should
Here come the monthly's
Okay, just relax
But isn't that a poke in my eye?
I am sending him a couple of grand's matter facts
How do you like that?
He must be reading your mind
Yeah, he's reading my mind
In fact, read your mind your own business
Now let's see, how about Waxi?
The Wins, W-I-N-Z, which used to be the callers
Now it's scary America, I don't know what they do with that hour
The morning
They had a very weak 1.9 early in the morning
But I don't even see us on there
Or Waxi a 1.5, when else Q-I-M?
What day part you at the morning?
5 to 7 in the morning
Do we even, what year on the year?
25
Well, Waxi's got a 1.5 and we got a 1.2
So there you go, Joel, there's a feather in your calf
You jackass, you can be this 5 to 7 in the morning
Whoopee do, whoo
And then, Ronnie all more from a 7 to 10 in the morning
Is number one again, totally bogus
Does anybody, this will never happen again
Probably all their employees got the diaries
Big is got a 7 to 1 in the morning
Nice going there, Paul and Old Ronnie
With your stool and material
And by the way, it's getting cloudy here in the chili
WSDJ, 6-4
Let's see, in fact, they're tied for number one, Radyo
I'm more in the big and the more in 7.1 year
Radyo, hit more, Waxi has got a 2.8, Q-I-M, a 2.7
So it's known as Nippetuck as Kenny and Bo, Kenny Toast
In fact, that's going to be our poll question, is Kenny Toast?
He seems like a really good guy, you know?
Yes, he does
I never met him
I see that
That's the thing, you met him in the Bat Room?
Well, that's where we see each other, you know
And he likes to be very polite
Well, what does that polite?
And polite's not fun, you know?
He says hi, I say hi, and we don't shake hands
Because we're usually both busy and have our hands full
Oh, I got a great line for that, but I'm not going to get joy
So, two 8 to 2.7, they answer this out there in the morning
The Joe Rose and Kenny and Bo battle
It's neck and neck, it's Nippetuck
Knows to nose, Nippet's sons
And then let's see, anybody else we care about in the morning?
How about my buddy Ricky Tiki Shaw, I'm in 2554S
I'll be there demo
But let's take a look at him, where the hell are they?
WMXJ is 22nd, with the 1.7
Not too thrilling here, I think Ricky is making a good choice
Just kidding, Ricky, you know, he's on our Myspace page
And he's sending me a message once and I responded something about him
Like an old fart, you know, and that was the end of that
And again, it's not personal, I'm sure he still listens
But it was just like we discussed last week
There are people who hear from once or maybe once or twice
And then that's it
And then maybe like many months later, maybe you'll hear from them again
Or maybe not, you know
I'm just, I don't know how to look at that
That's the way people are
What is this? Look at that
5 to 7 a.m. already December
We really had a good book on the station if we wouldn't have been for December
We got hosed, man, we got hosed
The QM people did not get any diaries in December
Wow
Anyway, midday, here's the important stuff for bonus money
WQM number one, with a 6.9
You see something sexual there, we got a 69 point right there in the middle
I can't tell you that middle is correct
That is correct
And an audio on more had a 6.6
So we've eaten by 3 tenths of a point, which isn't like
Yeah, it's not like nippin' suds and nippin' talk
Good enough
Good enough for us, good enough to us to get
I'm still waiting my big email from Joe Bell saying
Congratulations, Nailie, didn't again, in spite of the fact that we got your hands tied together
And we hate to hurt like poison
Right
CMQ, no speaking English, 5.8
An audio hitmo, 4.6
The interesting thing in the top five stations in midday, we're the only English-speaking station on there
And of course the only A.M.
The next A.M. is I.O.D. with a 3.3
We more than doubled I.O.D., which includes rush
How do you like that?
We kicked his right wing fat, pill-poppin' ass
How do you like that?
And then after that, the next A.M.
Waxi with a 2.1
We got a 6.9, they got a 2.1
Terrier Kishke's out, Joel, and I've just said Rosencrantz Bervstein is going to be on the way back to New York in the middle of the night over the weekend
Scare America, INZ's got a 2.0 there, which isn't much of a number, but for them it's a move, you know
Nadiotromansia
Oh, that's right, I keep getting the two confused
There's A.M.R. and an M.R.R.M.A
Radio-romansia and Radio Amor
Amor, the more I hear it, the more
How's Chris Montez doing the more I see it the more I like it?
Come right up
That is correct, the more I see it the more I like it
And of course that's my life
Chris Montez, hey Chris, you're prayer well, what did you scream when he was?
I think he was a mehikani man
Mehikani
I met a con or I met a couple of men that tell them Mr. Ripley
What?
I would have guessed I would
Well, listen to him
Remember that scene in the sound that Mr. Ripley?
Yes
So more I see it
Did I leave you right away to make Christopher some great music?
Okay, let's start
Chris Montez, he was ugly anyway
And by the way, Mobley, Mobley, what's the guy Michael Bubley?
I forgot already
I hear him look too bad
Mom's maybe, he know look too bad
In fact, my friend and the two of them look a little bit together
So that's probably why he thinks Michael move Lee in too bad looking
Because he looks a little like him, not bad
Not bad, not what you would call like, you know, it's smoking like that but pretty good
But anyway, five to seven in the morning, this is very ugly
The monthlies, we had a point three in December
Zero point three in the morning a one point three
Oh God, we had a six point six
Which is enough to our nine to we had in December
But compared to a one point three and a zero point three
And you have to know it had a one point three
Or two to four that is
That's the man doggy all by himself
And then a one point two
Oh, good God, is this can these numbers be from real in December?
And from what is this four to seven, eight point eight
You know something we're going to demand to raise right now
I want 80 million right now, okay small bills
And I'll share with you, I'll give you like
About 30 minutes
And what, thank you
So don't you think that we, this is a real feather in our ass?
I would say so
I'm looking at that December now
Because I just pulled it back off the fact that
Take a look at those numbers man
The station was almost invisible and still we had a six point six baby in December
In spite of all that
Well, you know, Neil was going through all of that my space
And nobody wants to hear that and it was bedtime stir
Right man, they should they should be flying up here right now and kiss me all over both cheeks
All four cheeks
Oh, okay, it's God for real
And when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the pole
I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers here in balance
One or two hours
Woo, woo woo woo woo woo
Woo, woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo woo
It's been worked for my internship after your ratings are dying
Well, I don't wanna show you what a big ass said I was to your hand-house
Rektum
Don't you get fired somebody food enough to fill my piggy pants?
What are you mean, easy?
Euh, euh, euh, euh
Very no, cheers, I love it, they come and back
I'm not trying to consider a little creative, I'm direct.
If you want to know what I'm saying, I'm shutting that transmitter to clown, you're
doing it.
Why?
That's easy.
Sure.
Let my brain explode.
I'm these heroes!
We did!
Oh, you need us now!
Now, we're drinking in the room!
Oh, you need us now!
We're drinking in the room!
Oh, you need us in the show!
We're so close!
I thought you were going to leave me!
I don't need you all my friends!
You're going to bite away something!
You can't take the whole thing and give me this!
It's a bomb!
Where are you going to go?
Fire me?
I'm going to admit, one of my very favorite sites,
I just can't play enough of that.
My favorite the whole hour, did I mention?
I know what you're laughing about, I'm shocked.
I usually can pretty well figure those things out, but you were more optimistic.
I don't think you were optimistic, I think it was a swishful thinking.
You know it was.
I willed it.
Did you?
Oh yeah.
I think it was a little sacrifice to chicken for it, and you'll run on the door.
And a goat.
And a billy goat.
From 111 votes on the pool, we're not doing too bad.
What's the main reason you've never called Neil?
I have called 317.
Pretty consistent, 26% of the audience have called us.
I mean, of course that doesn't mean it may be once, you know, like that.
Right, basically it's the show's been on a long time.
Been on a damn long time, not long enough though.
I'm going to tell you this.
What did I tell you about this day?
In fact, I think I said it Wednesday, it was like turning the corner of my life.
Uh-huh.
I have no material 291.
Yeah, we've noticed.
And for the 317, yeah, a lot of those could say the same.
They have no material, but they still call.
That's okay.
We don't expect much material.
We just don't want a couple of lunatics on it.
There are lunatics in my life.
There's a one on the my space who's obviously, you know, doing everything you can to try
to screw it all without my success, by the way.
And then we got a couple on the phone.
But other than that, I still persevered.
Like I told you, I'm a survivor.
Remember the monkeys I'm a survivor?
Yeah.
Wasn't that the monkeys?
I don't think so.
How much survivor?
That, that, that, that.
What's the song I'm thinking of?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think that was the song.
You don't have any monkeys in there?
What about that survivor?
Oh, I have no material 291.
I don't call anybody to 18.
Probably Hermits to 18.
Too busy to wait 175.
I'm afraid to get ripped 74.
The old man will rip my ass.
Well, you'd enjoy it.
Most of you are into SNM anyway.
I'm listening out of caller 47.
You see, we just added that in that movement up nicely.
I hate this pull only 38.
2.9%.
I don't have a phone 21.
Well, George, now with that big bonus money,
he's going to come right to your home.
Right.
And buy you a phone and call you.
Don't want my voice recognized 18.
Can't call from work 9.
I'm shy.
I'm a radio shy 5.
I'm a shy guy.
You know, and I'm a factoring out of caller 2.
You weren't thinking of the I'm a believer, were you?
What did I say?
I'm a survivor.
Survivors?
I'm a believer as well as thinking.
But I'm old and sena, and my name is a witness.
I'm a lover of someone.
I can still talk about what a best year Ricky Tiki.
How do you like that?
I was out on a lorry records.
What was I on the month?
I don't even have that in the film.
I do.
I think lorry records.
Deon at one time was also on lorry record.
Maybe Deon at the bell months.
Let me get the thing out here and take a look.
Okay.
The monkeys.
I will admit it.
I like the monkeys.
Me too.
Well, how do you like that?
What about you, Chris?
He wouldn't know the monkeys from there.
You're watching the show and everything.
Did you?
I like them.
Like reruns or whatever it was.
The monkeys are just fine.
Let's see.
Monkeys are on cold gems.
Well, I'm not even close.
I thought they were on like, uh, what legal ls a lorry?
Yes.
Last train to Clarksville, I bet.
Yes.
Hop on it.
Hop aboard is that it requires more, say.
I think my favorite monkey song, and maybe you got it,
there is a daydream believer.
Boy, I love that song.
He says, you're up sleepy queen, you know.
And then you can't marry what ruined it.
That's it.
Just because he's short and George from related to it, he's short.
That's right.
And he never braves either.
David Jones, he always looked like he was unclean, you know, like he hadn't taken a
bag of two years.
I could time meet the way.
What a magic.
He was just a magic, David Jones.
And then he wound up like enough, some flop house in England, where he like, pennyless
and everything.
That's what happens.
Don't wish you were a big celebrity with a lot of money.
See, everybody will say, oh, well, if I made all that money, I know why I've
enjoyed it and would have saved you.
I write cold gems.
Yeah.
Focus says cold gems.
Cold gems.
Cold gems.
I just looked it up.
I just got the same way.
He's got the leg going.
Anyway, Ephraim and Baton Rouge says, remember Ephraim?
Ephraim?
If you don't like him, Ephraim.
Yes, I do.
Happy New Year.
So I haven't spoken with you since November, but I've been listening faithfully.
Anyway, I think you've gained a few more listeners in the Baton Rouge area today.
The Secretary, Deputy General and General Counsel, the Louisiana Department of Environmental
Quality were all in my office when you said, Fidel Castro is the new head coach of the
dolphins.
They simultaneously broke out in loud ass laughter and couldn't stop.
Well, that's me, Alabama Panic, Ephraim.
I'm a real panic.
Just ask me.
I'm a funny ass old guy.
They asked who you were and I showered them.
I showed them.
I showered them.
And then we dried off.
I sure hope you used a little body warship.
Showed them your website.
It told me you'd been saying great one liners like that for about 30.
But 30 minors.
They said they'd definitely be sure to catch your show whenever they're in the or in the
other orifice.
How do you like that?
Thank you, Ephraim.
You can be our publicity man in Baton Rouge in Baton Rouge.
La Baron Rouge driven by a G.I.
I wish I could remember the Frenchman that drove that horse.
That was a great horse.
La Baron Rouge.
I wonder if my buddy Dick Feinberg is listening.
Hope everything's good with you.
Dick and the roof didn't fall in on your head.
So that's one reason that he isn't there.
That's not a good story.
That's unpleasant.
We got any follow-up, any update on that.
I guess I better check for the dolphin head coach story and also for the pilot.
I'm going to be the top of the part story.
Still they're not going to know me.
They're going to know me from Joe Bell saying congratulations on being number one.
He's probably out to launch.
It wouldn't be the first time.
I'm sure he's very proud.
Snowflakes hit South Florida for the first time in 30 years to the OIC 30 years ago to
do that.
I think we're getting snow today.
You would have said it.
Flakes hit South Florida for the first time 30 years ago on this date.
January 19, 1977 at Snowflake, the only time in recorded history it's done so.
Light flurry swirled over palms, swimming pools and golf courses from about 6 to 9 am of that Wednesday morning.
30 years ago it snowed.
Are you impressed?
Oh, here's section of ceiling.
Okay, I better read this.
A 200 by 50 foot section.
Well, that's big.
A 200 foot by 50 foot section of ceiling drywall collected pump on a Friday morning.
Oh, I see.
And a casino under construction.
It wasn't inside the track.
It was at the casino part.
No one was hurt when the it was an accident but nobody got hurt.
When the scene we fell about 10.45 this morning said Sandbrook King, spokeswoman for
Pompino Beach, a fire rescue.
Structural electrical engineers along with Oshia temporarily shut down all construction until the building is deemed safe.
Casino officials say they expect the construction time table on the 150 million dollar building remain unchanged.
The building set up to open in March with several restaurants, 1500 slots to complement the harness racetrack on the property.
At Pompino Park.
Okay, well nobody got hurt.
So it's a little bit scary, you know, but it's an accident nobody got hurt.
So what the hell do we do now?
I think now that we're...
We're number one, damn it!
Boy, you talk about euphoria.
Go home, we start celebrating.
You know, to me, and I know it's just, it sounds so tacky to go, you know, start patting yourself on the back.
But when you look at the monthly Zindy December when there's a 0.3, it's 5,7, a 1,3, and a morning, a 1.3.
And again, that's not a knock on the guys. It's just a knock on the way the diaries.
We have a 6, 6 in there and then the FNZ13. In fact, our number in the December is higher than all the other day parts put together.
You believe me?
Of course.
I'm still on you now, man.
If I'm higher than all the rest of the station, I'm gonna get that thing going.
And of course, you're a mess because you're a hard-ass, but we should be thanking our loyal audience for coming through for us.
I do, and I don't think the programmers on the other radio stations for continuing to put swill on the air.
That is correct.
So that even if we sit here in Jensko, like that for hours, we still get at least automatic fire with that.
See, we've got 5 already.
About a 6 now.
Yeah.
Oh, 6.5.
Breaking records.
Yeah, we're breaking wind and breaking records here at QM on the New Yorker Show.
And of course, this is with no promotion with a hard-ass bitch over there in Fort Myers that the Joyce, Naples, Rermann, how she's hanging it out.
Do everything she can to deep-search us.
And of course, with a company that wants you to make magic in that room there with the equipment that even the thusel would be in pairs,
Mark Coney would laugh his ass off.
I do like that Mark Coney in cheese though.
And I'm not gonna eat that because I'm gonna continue.
Remember what I said yesterday?
Now, I never forgot to get on the scale this morning, but after I had those a couple of episodes, I'm sure I'm right back down to about 187 or 8.
And by the time I make my next visit down there, I'm gonna weigh about 170 pounds.
And I might have to actually, you know, send you a picture or stop by and, you know, have you seen me or something like that.
Even though you got that camera, I know you have.
I don't know what I gave you.
You got another one.
I have a new digital one.
I never used it yet.
Start snapping.
I don't mean I'm snapping right now.
I'm snapping it.
And won't that be something?
I'll be like, born again.
I think I'm born again.
And all these people that poop-pooed it and gave me crap, including, I don't want to match any names with certain people.
Oh, you can't make any friends on that MySpace online.
And I felt the same way.
I was so as you were called, the Preston Suicidal one point.
And it turns out I got a couple of great friends on there.
Great.
And the Sunshine State.
And even you like, well, I don't think you've ever been familiar with Brandon, have you?
Nope.
No. You like him too.
He's a pervert in a goofball.
You like him.
He's funny.
Our character.
That's the guy.
Yeah, pervert in a goofball.
That's where it's at.
Or you don't know what the kind of people.
That is absolutely correct.
1231 hosts on the pool.
I don't think we're going to make it to 1300.
If we did that and on top of being number one, I think...
We're number one!
That would be almost more than anybody could deal with.
I day you best, dude.
I was attacked by the monkey fund.
He wasn't named my friend Buunjam.
Oh no, I don't feel safe in India.
Oh, I'd rather be a New York and drive a cab.
Thank you, my friends.
Wooo!
Thank you, my friends.
Oh, I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
I'm a monkey here.
Oh, wow, wow.
Yes, that's the radio show.
I'm a radio show.
But like I said, and I was right, I knew it.
We have a crazy person out there.
I don't look like that, and I was the correct.
I knew who it was, and I was correct.
You wonder why?
Because there is nobody else out there as crazy as that.
Thank the Lord.
Thank goodness for that.
One is enough.
General George Casey, the top American commander in Iraq,
said today that some of the extra troops
that President Bush ordered to back dead,
could be in leaving by late summer of conditions allow.
I think it's probably going to be the summer.
Late summer before you get to the point where people
in Baghdad feel safe in their neighborhoods.
Casey told reporters at a news conference
with visiting Defense Secretary Bobby Gates.
I asked how long the 21,000-pilot and extra U.S. troops
are likely to be kept in Iraq.
Casey replied, I believe the projections are late summer.
Gates visit here at Second Century Placing
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld last month
was not announced in advance.
It comes as the Bush administration begins a new phase
that were including a troop buildup that has encountered
widespread opposition in Congress, a reshuffling of
mid-east commanders and diplomats, and intensified military
pressure on Iran.
Gates immediately went in talks with U.S. commanders
and their allied counterparts amid the burgeoning
war policy debate in the U.S.A.
The first group of extra troops
had brigade of the 82nd Airborne has just arrived in Baghdad,
and Gates said it was too early to predict how Bush's plan
for crawling the Secretary of the Netherlands to the Capitol
will work.
Four of the brigades are to be sent to Iraq between now and May,
assuming the Iraqis follow through on their commitment
to bring three additional Iraqi army brigades into Baghdad,
and will all raise against all illegal militias.
Asked how the Iraqi government was doing to me.
It's commitments.
Casey said, so far, so good.
Come see, come saw.
Menza, menza.
Casey stressed that it was too early to say with confidence
how long U.S. military will have to maintain a higher troop
level in Baghdad and Western and bar province,
but he sounded an optimistic note.
You're going to see some progress gradually over the next 60 to 90 days.
Right, sure we are.
It's going to be great.
There are going to be a tool-ups and daffodils growing
on every street corner, and people are going to be lying.
Panzees and everything else, and people are going to be laughing
and slapping each other on the ass, and high-fiving and low-fiving,
and tipping their burkas each other is going to be great.
Right.
Not.
Swimlery, voidoo, I really want to read a story about swindlery
who I want to take some calls.
There's a lot of calls on the board saying, hey, congratulations,
you guys at being number one or something like that.
You think?
Yeah, that's what they're going to say.
I doubt it, no.
W-D-Q-A-A-H-H-L-O-C.
That's what they're going to say.
Q-A-N-H-L-O-C.
Any, I just want to congratulate you, and curious George
on your biggest rating, because I'm a big gorilla.
Grisi, and Snelli, and Stinky, and Heady.
What was that?
I had no idea.
Neither did he, but it was saying, what did I tell you?
And it, delight, certainly, had the, you know,
even here we say that.
So what do you think about that?
I want to know if this norma is, wasn't my, uh,
just, hey, norma, just relax.
Okay, I'm doing a radio show here, okay?
Just relax today, calm down, all this other crap.
You just out of control, okay?
Consider the source.
Consider what you're doing with.
Put the lotion in the motion.
That's all I can tell you.
Crazy people.
Like that.
And that's the reason, all the my-space members,
by the way, who are very frustrated over the fact
that I can't respond to them, and can't send any outgoing,
because we're on an appropriation, because allegedly,
we're spamming and yoddy-oddy-oddy.
And all set up by a crazy person out there.
It's a radio show.
And by the way, if you're writing messages back to somebody
who claims to be over the legal age, unless you're really out of control,
and they're gonna, like, come and bring somebody's house down or something like that,
what's the big simists anyway?
And the one thing about me, I always write on there no matter what they look like,
no matter how hot they pretend to be, or whatever.
I always say, well, you know, I don't troll here for looking for sex,
and I don't.
It's the van truth, because I don't have to be a crazy person to bet.
And like I said, there are some crazy people out there, and one,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And in particular, there's got very serious problems.
It needs to get some assistance.
From 143 votes on the poll, not too bad.
And the phones are smoking today.
What did I tell you about turning it according to that?
I tell you.
I said, give that rental car, go out there, and drive all the way down the young street,
all the way to Lake, and to take a leap.
WDQYM, hello.
Meal.
Yes, sir.
I was in Norma, Kent's room there.
No, Norma, Kent, drawn.
Ah, okay.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yes.
Hey, during the 80s, there was a lot of snow in the town.
Just, just, just, I'm sorry.
Yeah, like at the end, there was a lot of suitcases full of snow.
Ah, ah, ah.
And go ask your ex-governor, our fat-ass-governor's daughter about that, about the snow.
Like I said, I have no material on the poll.
That should be number one.
It should be far and away, number one.
The Zidian, yeah, they were artists.
If they were being honest.
Well, keep in mind, a lot of people have called, thought they had material like this guy.
I thought he was very, very funny and very, very clever.
Ah.
Very funny.
A real panic.
WDQYM, hello.
Oh, and that thing.
Oh, the boxes came on, and social producer.
Oh, oh.
I'm sure of that thought on your end, because he is so, so.
Oh, you're way in.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Friday.
And back to you.
Hi, I'm Mr. Ian Altsman.
So congratulations on the ratings.
Thank you.
What is your address on my space, by the way?
Myspace.com slash Neil God.
Oh, Neil God, okay.
That one's my Neil Rodgers didn't find anything.
I'm on there a little bit, but I would be proud to have you as a friend.
Well, I'd be equally proud.
Did you, I assume you caught the Toronto Florida game last night?
Yes, I did.
And it seems to me the final score was the least three, and the Opanthers two.
I could be wrong about that, but I do believe that was the score.
That's what it was when I left.
That was the, was it just me or was there a couple of greasy goals in the first period?
Let me say it again, and I'm sure there's help wasn't anybody there.
And on Tuesday, when they played the, who now, they Carolina?
Nothing to be fired of, and to a lower game to Carolina, and have nobody watching it.
It's just, it's just amazing to me.
Yeah, I hear you lots of people disguised as empty green cheap life.
There's absolutely correct, sir.
We'll listen to have a wonderful weekend in a great life.
Back at you, guys.
Thank you.
See what an Ixadia, huh?
Turn the corner, baby.
Turn the corner.
It's that 12 Friday, you bastards.
Oh, baby, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a proofster, B.A.G.
We are having a sale on camera.
We are having a lot of many flavors.
We are having a great, that is not decent.
We are HGG, HGHA, A.A.
Okay, I tell you everything.
I'm asking baby for help on the inside, I think.
Hey, yes, it's true, with the women in bags.
It is only because they smell so bad.
Hey, you can play the group reactions of the group,
but we don't want to drink, and we win.
We like our food, man.
Hey, let's just have a good party.
Let's just have a good party.
If you would excuse me now, baby, she's crazy.
Hey, HGG, HGHA, A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
A.A.
131 at 560 W.D. Q.A.M.
Did I mention, by the way,
we're number one, baby.
I forgot to mention that, I guess.
Well, good.
Still don't have any emails to congratulate us from Joe Bell
or Maddie Bell or Alexander Graham or anybody else.
Maybe they're having a meeting trying to figure out why, you know,
the rest of the station was in the tourlet.
If we could just bring more people to sports.
Yeah, if we could just have more sports stations,
then everybody in the world will want to hear all sports all day.
Q.A.A.A.
Two tickets to Super Bowl 41.
By the way, go pay for your son this Sunday, man.
That's, I'm very nervous.
I was very nervous about the San Diego game.
And they pulled that really out of their...
Correct them.
...but who knows?
They, you know, when push comes to show of Peyton Manning,
you can hear those choking gagging sounds.
Am I right, Chris?
In the big game?
Yeah.
Or you don't tell me you're rooting for the Colts?
Yes.
WQM is giving away two tickets to Super Bowl 41
for your chance to win.
Nothing in the envelope for you, by the way.
Long time WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club.
Remember Godfather 3 and he's handed out the envelope
with all the money, Michael?
Uh-huh.
And there's Joey Zaza.
Nothing in the blue.
Oh, for me!
Long time WQM.com and become a member of the QM fan club.
Then listen for your name to be announced during the power order
when a CoorsLide Super Bowl prize pack and
the automatically qualified as one of 41 finalists
for the big grand prize drawing.
Two tickets to Super Bowl 41 from CoorsLide and
560 WQAM.
Let's go, Pat.
Listen, there's still nothing in the envelope.
Too late now.
And there wasn't going to be any way.
There wasn't going to be any way.
I'm not that easy.
I'm just not that quick with the response.
From 156 votes on the pool, I'm a fan.
I'm not a caller.
I've got five already.
I'm shy.
There are shy people out there.
They're a little nervous about talking to a famous people
like me on the phone.
We're even off the phone sometime.
That's right.
We're even on the fan club.
We're even talking to me on the fan club.
We're even like the email.
The US should camp the number of troops in Iraq while
increasing American forces in Afghanistan, Senator Hilli
Rotton Clinton said, oh, I look at her and I get really scared.
You know, she scares the crap out of me.
Clinton, the expected frontrunner for the 2008 Democratic
presidential nomination, was quick to seize the spotlight
that after Illinois Senator Barack Obama took a major step
toward entering the race.
Appearing on network television and radio shows to discuss her
recent trip to Iraq, the New York Senator should see a
process president versus plan to increase US troops in Iraq
and favors redeplying troops out of Bagh that an
eventually Iraq.
She said she also favors conditioning economic aid to
Iraqi government's progress in being certain political
goals.
She is so wishy-washy and yada yada she does make me sick.
I just can't stand up.
And let me say it again.
Didn't I tell you beyond the shadow of it out that whole
Ethan business and that business of blonde here in my
space, all this.
There was only one person, insane enough to be a patching
with stuff like that.
Find a life, okay?
Nobody on the show is trolling for sex, trolling for
anything on my space.
It's a social thing.
If I make friends on there, that's my business.
Go find a life.
Please do everybody in the universe of favor.
Find a life.
Get some help.
Spend a few years in the rubber room.
Okay until I poke and then you can come out again.
Jesus.
Oh God.
Amazing.
Always comes back to the same craft.
Sure.
And the minute that I let him know that I was under that
crap and sent that last email about nice try you,
and I'm going to get a life.
That's my suggestion.
Mr. Unmancionable man, get a life.
I have no life.
We know that.
I'm trolling.
This is somebody who puts this thing on there and
other form.
So you know it was a crime crap.
You know that.
Yeah.
What did I tell you about that too?
And now when you go to that track space, that picture all
over there, like from my Laurel New Jersey on there,
a million times which means that this person is not
a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
He's not a man.
Because he is worse than we thought.
He moves back the day or the day.
Vail's just in the chocolate digits.
He moved back the year Jacksonstein in July graze up the
That's why people told me you we're not in love.
That's my guy.
Isn't it a coin?
change the name of French fries to freedom fries.
In other words,
blah blah blah blah.
Yeah, another one of those.
And the time since this act,
though, Jones has become a critic of the Iraq War.
This change of heart appears to inform Jones' current policy.
One of the many lessons from our involvement in Iraq
is that Congress needs to ask the right questions,
prior to exercising its constitutional authority
to approve the use of military force, Jones said,
in a January 12th statement sent to Raub's story.
The North Carolina Republic
announced that the possibility
that the Simuas officials are contemplating
military action against Iran,
required the legislative branch
to make it crystal clear
that no previous resolution passed
by Congress authorizes such use of force.
Representative Ron Paul,
the Texas Republican and once ran for president,
as a libertarian,
explained to Ross Thorey via spokesman
that he is opposed to any escalation
in the Middle East conflict with Iran
and whatever form that may take.
He warned in his weekly Texas straight talk column
that the administration intends to move the U.S.
closer to a dangerous
and ill-advised conflict with Iran.
He specifically feared that he can
travel down to Donkentife,
instead it may occur to gain popular support
for an attack on Iran,
referring to the engagement between the U.S.
and Vietnam that was used by president,
LBJ, the DISTABINIST-LACE American's
Military Invention in Vietnam.
Philadelphia talking in my ass.
You know, they really,
everybody ought to really watch that video
why we fight that Eisenhower thing.
Yes, they should.
They should.
Why we fight?
It's tripping around on the cable.
Is it really?
Yes, it is.
Or you can watch it for free.
You'll argue cheap bastards
out there, all you sluppers.
I can't afford to rent a job either,
steal it.
Why we fight?
And we'll tell you all,
you know, a war is a big business.
That's what it's all about.
The world is a business
and war is a big business.
And all these neocons,
all these big money grabbers,
all these butchers,
who don't have any conscience at all?
They don't give any crap about all these dead people.
That's what it's all about.
1264, let's see, we've got 22 minutes for 36 votes.
It's a possibility.
We could get to 13.
What do you think?
On a Friday?
Friday is always a little bit tough.
As you know.
Yeah.
Because people are screwed off and take it on.
Take it off early.
Going away for a long weekend.
Great idea.
And I should have mentioned.
We're number one, dammit.
Yeah, again.
Which will probably cause great consternation,
also for certain...
Lunar ticks out there.
Too bad.
Too bad.
The audience likes to show it's a radio show.
Okay.
And there is nobody else out there in mind that I can see,
crazy enough to believe that I'm trolling for anything online.
And if I were,
it's my business anyway.
We don't have any minors on there.
Like I said, I start every communication with people,
whether they're real or imaginary.
You know, letting them know exactly what I'm looking for
and what I'm not looking for.
Trolling online.
I do like that bit though.
That's a great bit.
I always wonder about people who are...
You can hear the skeletons rattling around in their closet
while they're going...
Yeah.
Yeah.
Crazy people.
Yeah.
Crazy people.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don Ho is still alive, isn't he?
Yes.
Or he died.
And he croaked on Ho.
Google it, give us something to do while you're counting your bonus money.
What a great day, huh?
What a magnificent, fantastic...
Oh yeah.
In spite of joy, suffitch,
in spite of joy, in spite of joy, in spite of any Ojampa Vodka
tour out there in Radio Land,
who is continuing to play an Yankee's Bankie
with his show in my life.
I have one thing to say to you, okay?
That's my comment.
Why the hell are you bastard?
Absolutely.
Looking for love in a deceptive way
with somebody's pictures known from my face
over and over and out of my ass
how are they brought by us?
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
I could be good looking or a bad hairy age
by your gay or maybe just strange.
Look at all my terrible friends that I've got so far.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
Oh, the light.
Here's the body lights.
Light.
You're gonna find it pain because
you have no light.
Troubling a mind.
Troubling a mind.
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly lonely
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Trouling a mind...
I don't mind
You'll give hope with both faith lies
The answer that's a waste of time
For what you expect to find
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
Trouling a mind...
And let me also see if you make one other comment too before the weekend comes
When people are just unglued
If anybody out there in the audience
and that includes anybody
gets any bizarre
I mean psychotic messages
alleging to be for me on my space
It's not for me
First of all I can't send any anyhow
I can't send any on there anyhow
I'm just suggesting that because I know that when certain individuals become like really
like that then they're not only knows
And of course that's...
I don't know, believe me
If six different people are Josh Cordis just wait
Yeah, that's right, 80 different people can be
Damn God!
About whatever
Air Force Colonel reports
Lights not of this world
This story just really cracks me up
Snaps images above Arkansas
I have no idea what they were he said
Don't these kind of stories really get you?
They're interesting, I just can't wait for the real one
But...
You also wonder when...
What's his name's coming back on here?
Art Bell
There's Art Bell and Joe Bell
And I did something
And Maddie Bell
In the wake of reports of unidentified flying objects over Chicago's Oher airport
It was her Air Force problem
It was the zone mystery with the rash of bright-collar-falaic photographs covering in skies
over western Arkansas last week
I believe these lights were not of this world
And I feel the duty and responsibility to come forward
Colonel Brian Fields told WorldNet Daily
Which is a lunatic publication
I have no idea what they were
Fields 61 was cooking chicken at his van
Beer and Arkansas home 10, where he was cooking chicken
And as if that makes a difference
When just before 7 PM he observed two intensely bright lights as he looked to the southeast
close to the horizon
While he was cooking chicken
At first I thought they were landing lights from an aircraft
He said as I continued to observe them they began to slowly disappear
Then suddenly one reappeared followed by two then three
On least one occasion, four or five appeared
Each time they would slowly fade and eventually disappear
This occurred several times when they would reappear
They might do so in different numbers and different positions
Sometimes in a triangular shape
Sometimes stacked on top of each other sometimes line of rest
Oh it didn't have rest
Oh, probably he said a rest
I love that
When the objects appear they might stay the way he was eating chicken
Maybe he was just chicken-abrest
When the objects appear they might stay illuminated ten or more minutes
Fields wife thought the lights may have been ground-based
But Fields says he certainly were airborne
The retired colonel spent close to 32 years in the military flying F-16s as a member of the 1808th
Fighter wing of the Arkansas International Guard
I'm certain it was not an aircraft from Earth said Fields
I wonder if he's kind of toity fields or peppy fields
Who also ruled out the possibility of flare-saying they didn't descend like flare-s typically do
It's not anything I ever had any experience with
There were some kind of energy or something he said
Fields grabbed his cannon digital camera with six megapixel resolution to document what he and his wife were seeing
And snap numerous images of the mysterious lights which appeared white yellow and orange
White yellow and orange how do you like that?
And by the way I mentioned
We're number one!
Tell me!
He says the phenomenon on less than hour and fifty minutes and local news agencies have not published or broadcasted any reports of what the couple have been seeing
WND surveyed local police and sheriff's agencies as well as for a Chapea D commission to army based in the region
And nobody reported anything out of the ordinary
I just can't imagine other people didn't see it field said noting they appeared at times like a yo-yo
Five to ten degrees above the horizon
Earlier this month a Chicago Tribune reported that workers for United Airlines so they saw flying saucer like object hovering low over
Oh here international airport there was a name of course over after Francis Oh here
Flying low over oh here international for several minutes before building through thick clouds with such intense energy
Then I left an eerie hole in the overcast skies
That's my least favorite kind
An eerie hole
Then November 7th signing took place just before sunset around 4.30 in a p.m. According to Tribune Commerce John Hillcavitch
All the witnesses said the object was dark grey and well defined in the overcast skies
They said the craft estimated by different accounts to be 6 to 24 feet in diameter did not display any lights
Some said it looked like a floating frisbee a rotating frisbee
Others said it did not appear to be spinning at all like a dreidel
Even the Goyang couldn't believe it and it all agreed the object had made no noise
And was in a fixed position in the sky just below the 1900 foot cloud that was shooting off into the cloud there was there it goes get it
You missed it you you fair right
When interviewed a national public radio about the story Hilkevic indicated that was anything but a hoax
That's what impressed me about this he said all aviation professionals very credible sources
They're all very serious people Hilkevic said
They're not saying what they saw was you know a spaceship from another planet
But it was unidentified it was in restricted airspace and they were concerned from a safety standpoint
That if it was something man made they need to get it out of there because they were having busy flight operations at early evening hours
Yadi Yadi back at Arkansas Colonel feels it says he's a Christian who has not been a believer in alien life forms and other planets
Speculated what he saw could possibly relate to ancient texts from the Bible
Oh here we go he's a Christian he's a speaker like that
One of them is Luke 21 11 where Jesus discusses signs of the end times stating
And great earthquake shall be in diverse places and famines and pestilences and fearful sites in great signs shall be there from heaven
Another is even more ancient go back to the time of Noah's flood
The sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fair and they took them wives of all which they chose
There were giants in the earth in those days and also after that when the sons of God came in under the daughters of men and they bear children to them
The same became mighty men of which were old men of renowned and believed in all this crap goes on and on
The end times baby in fact maybe some of them Christian sizes are not going to draw over the weekend if you're really unlucky
You know they'll be telling oh the end times in here and Jesus is coming back and on a motorcycle and all this other crap
I wouldn't be surprised if Jesus shows up on our my space page but I surprise you I think he's on the ground
He's got his own page on it snappy sandals by the way I love Lee a little on the gay side but what can you do?
What did I tell you about that Ethan thing the minute I saw it on there I said you crap and trap and we're in the flat
And I played with that back and forth for a long time and then the Wednesday oh yeah it came unglued
See if you could have kept that going for while it might have meant something but it didn't and it still doesn't and it's still a radio show and a my space page
What's the main reason you never called me we have 1287 12 yeah we got 13 votes in a minute we could do it we give to 1300
See I haven't been pushing it I laid off 1288 we need 12 and 8 minutes easy I have called 335 and even
26% that seems to be the number I have no material 301 I don't call anybody 221 too busy to wait 176 a
Freight meal rip my ass 76 I'm a listener not a quarter 71 I hate this full 38 I don't have a phone 22
Don't want my voice recognized 19 okay
Can't call from work 13 I'm shy 10 and I'm a faction not a caller Solomon they say
The
And where in the name of library?
Go say, why can't you tell?
You're in hell, now you're in the dead.
Hey, hold on a second, but there's nothing he shouldn't do to me.
Oh, oh, Jesus.
Last thing I remember, it was time to die.
Yeah, I was learning my new years,
He breathes a piece of great joy.
And that's where it gets funny.
I was learning friends with my family.
They told me away.
You're last thing.
I had my sense to come full of joy.
When I saw them bring me the news.
You're right, we're a little heinous,
but I shot at them and I'm tiny in my English.
They told me away.
You're last thing.
I gave them one last shot.
And then I felt a jerk,
No more shriek,
Then nothing else was worth it.
So I was on the roof,
That's what they love,
Holy, happy, and loved.
Can I just get shot?
Come on, I've been in first,
I'm driving hell,
Oh, sit down,
Who says that?
Where did they name a lindie?
Oh, it's under Pam's rib eye.
Can't you tell?
You're in hell.
Now you're the infidel.
Oh, it's very hot.
I can try that.
Holy crap.
Sit down, sit down,
Who says that?
Oh, wait a minute, this is cool.
I can light my shinar.
Right off my own finger.
Bye, bye, bye.
