The music expressed by the previous...
Effective of problems to this man talking about.
And do not reflect those of the music like Hesgrim.
Hey Robert!
How are trailer for agencies?
The biggest names of Hesgrim.
What a huge talking about.
You have any idea?
I don't know.
I am a Dolphin's Football.
But it will be a little bit more.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
I am a 4-0-560 WQAM.
Coming soon for Nintendo Wii.
PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360.
The hottest pro-hook game of all time.
Gym, Domegees, NBA, Point Shaker.
NBA, Point Shaker.
Real players, Realistic Action.
And real betting line.
Grabbling.
Oh man!
You make the goals that decide it all.
Gym, Domegees, NBA, Point Shaker.
Bet the spread or the over and under.
The outcome is in your hands.
No baskets, free seconds, lane violations.
The mix is on.
But don't get caught or it's game over.
Gym, Domegees, NBA, Point Shaker.
From D.A. Sports.
Unfortunately, it's in the game.
Okay, 10-1-560 WQAM.
It's a Tuesday, August 28th.
We're going to have a Barnburn at a day.
Trust me.
What does that expression mean by the way?
Barnburn?
Sure, it had something to do with burn and barns at some point.
Burn and barn down?
That was that before we had to do a hot-skite out and a cow's and stuff like that.
After the cows come up.
Oh!
We're going to have a Barnburn and I'm going to tell you one thing right off the bat.
And that is that Joel Feinberg is a jerk.
You can have a 20-year-old over there, Joel.
And it's only by default.
You know what this last ratings trend that we had?
What day was that?
Friday.
You know what that really was an indication?
It's like a forfeit.
Baseball, the final score is 9-0 and a forfeit.
I don't know what it is in football.
Is it like one to nothing?
In football, I don't know.
I have no idea that I've never seen one.
Yeah, I've never had either when he came right down to it.
Baseball, I've seen him.
9-0.
And that's what's going on.
Not so much that they're winning.
It's that we're losing by default.
If we could just have a little more Alex Marv has on here.
Oh, what do you know?
You're just anti-sports like that little, uh, spick George.
Yeah.
Sure I am.
But anyway, the Joel Feinberg, you know, it's interesting because he never had any points said,
oh, this is all confidential.
I don't say anything on a year and he'll, he was in Toronto over the weekend and, uh,
eventually contacted me.
Are you going to burn your bridges? I'm not going to have any bridges.
In fact, how did he contact me, George?
He sent me a text and I forwarded it along to it.
And, you know, he sent you a text message,
which you forwarded to me on Saturday morning and I'm thinking about myself.
I always thought of something.
I saw a number that I didn't recognize.
It was voicing, like, it's the first time in a year.
Whatever the hell it was.
And obviously, somebody had your cell phone number who used to work at QAM.
See this is like, I deserve people.
That's correct. Like, Goldie or somebody like that.
Exactly. Probably, or, you know, who does that?
Exactly. Watch your back, Zach.
Uh.
And so anyway, I get this message from George that, in essence, says,
Joel Feinberg is in Toronto for some stupid-ass car race or something like that.
And he wants you to call him.
He wants to meet you. What did it say?
Joel Feinberg is in Toronto and wants to see if he can meet you.
Uh. Jerk.
So anyway, I thought to myself, wow.
And of course, then you give me a cell phone number.
Yeah. Just out of curiosity, I called it because I do have 16 months left in the contract with QAM and being one of the-
It's not that I'm, you know, that much of a goody two shoes.
I'll listen to anybody, you know.
But I do have contractual situation involved.
And of course, he sure don't want to be involved in some kind of a tampering thing,
which I wouldn't say that he was because nobody ever made any offer or had any real, you know.
So I called that cell phone number and it rang and rang and rang and not even a voicemail just rang about 20 times that.
When you say that's enough time to let a phone ring about 20.
Sure, maybe about 30 times that would be good.
And there was not even a voicemail. I thought, boy.
And so the first thing that came to my mind is this is probably not really Joel Feinberg from across the street over the ticket with his millions of dollars trying to get in touch with me or not.
And so, this is probably somebody a crank, you know.
Wouldn't that be your assumption? Yeah, that would come to mind.
So I called Norma Kent and Norma, you know, I gave him the number and told him what happened.
And we both agreed it probably wouldn't be the greatest idea for me to, you know, be directly talking to the guy who's the man,
the man who will be across the street for the competition.
And so Norma, I guess, made a couple of calls and finally actually got a return, got a response from Joel Feinberg,
whoever you're knowing, and when he feels like it answers his cell phone.
I just, I don't know about you, but, you know, when your cell phone rings if you're around or don't you answer it or do you have a voicemail or something?
Yeah, unless I don't recognize the number and then I don't know.
Yeah, but when you're trying to get in touch with somebody, if you start talking to a call, I'll say, if you were expecting a call from somebody in Toronto,
you don't know anybody in Toronto. And you saw that number on there with a 416 area code.
When you say, oh, maybe that's Neil Conn, I better pick that up.
Yeah, I would.
Well, to make a long story short, so there was no conversation until later on.
And then Saturday night about 845, I get another text from George.
In fact, you didn't text me on me. You called me, didn't you? You called me so I reported the text to you as an email.
No, you called me. I didn't.
Let me say it again.
All right. You called me. I called you. First.
Okay. Are you getting old-timers this evening? Sure.
Whatever you say that I called you. Whatever you say. I'm going to do that.
I'll tell you what I can find out. You want me to look in my folder?
Sure. I got a call log too.
And see the phone call logs.
I don't know. I might have already, I don't. I keep my forever.
Saturday. No, I probably erased it already. I didn't.
Well, you did you make one?
I have a call log.
Yeah. And you didn't make a call.
I didn't. I, I, I, I'm telling you right now,
you called me. Okay. I'm not a crazy person. I called you.
I called you Neil.
Did. I called you.
And you said really, you know, I'm usual for me to call you.
Please tell me what I said. Yeah.
But I got this voicemail and blah, blah, blah. This text message.
I'm going to forward it to you when we get out of the out of the out.
I said, okay. Okay. That's, that's what happened.
Okay. Conversation. Okay.
You, you are losing it, man. Okay.
Here is a man who is the victim of circumcised.
That's right.
Lost my mind a long time ago.
And then, well, anyway, to make a long story short,
so on Sunday, or let's see, Saturday night, another message,
just I'm, it was only a text message, not a call from George saying,
oh, he messes me again saying Neil,
agent is jerking me around and blah, blah, blah.
And all I want to do is talk to him and get to know him and blah, blah,
please have him call me.
Now, is that fairly close to what it said? That second text message?
Yes. Yes.
Yes.
And so, you know, I came back into my apartment here and I thought, well,
I'll call and see what that list guy wants.
You know, I'll try to size him up on the phone and see what this is all about.
Because obviously, we're drowning here at Q&A.
And we're giving them, we're handing them all over to them strictly by default.
See, they thought here, once they sat in the dolphins,
that was going to turn things around and boy, did it ever.
Correct. Oh, wow.
I mean, who cares that we've got to dolphins?
Why is that such a big deal? Well, to press these things, well,
it's obviously having a tremendous impact. Joe.
Isn't it?
They always keep saying that.
Yeah.
I'm starting to hear a thing.
It's a prestige thing.
So, when did they call on Saturday night after you sent me the second message?
And that's what he answered the phone.
Well, how do you like that? Oh, my God.
And I said, Joel, and he said, yes, it's Neil Rogers.
Oh, how are you? How are you?
This was, you know, it's hard to size somebody out up on the phone.
Sure. It's not really fair to people.
But I thought to myself, this guy is a jerk.
Everybody, everybody I've known from Joe Rose and everybody else who's ever
over there has said that he's a total jerk.
And he is. He's just a jerk.
He's got a personality like a old sponge, you know?
And of course, his dad, he's got a lot of money.
So therefore, he's a big shot.
And they just have this one.
See, they've been on the air for like two and a half years.
And they've had three months where they've had a big,
gigantic trend. And right away, that makes them big broadcasters,
I guess, in their mind.
Even though most of the crap that they have on here is exactly that.
It's crap.
Non-broadcast people.
And well, I just wanted to get to know you and get to meet you.
I'm here and I'm not, and he's trying to figure out where the hell he is in the city
where he hasn't got any clue.
There's that big needle thing up in the sky, you know, the sea and tower that needle.
Yeah.
And so I agreed to meet him on this was Saturday night on Sunday morning at noon.
Sunday afternoon at noon, whatever that is.
And then I thought about it and I called Norma Kent again.
And I said, I think it's a bad idea.
I think there are some legal issues here that we could be,
and I'm sure he's like having a nervous breakdown.
I'm discussing it on here.
Too bad, Joel.
That's the way it goes.
You extended your ass toward me.
Wasn't the other way around.
And so to make a long story short, Sunday morning, Norma called,
tried to call him again, didn't answer the phone.
Second time, finally got a voicemail that must come on the 80th ring.
And left him a message saying, now we've discussed it and decided it's not a good idea.
So before he left town, he called Norma back to tell him,
well, you know, I don't deal with middlemen.
I make a lot of big deals on my own and I don't have to deal with middlemen,
meaning Norma, the norm said not a middleman, I'm the old age in heaven for over 20 years.
Well, I don't deal with middleman.
And he has been begging me to save him for years now.
Now, what would you assume that that means?
And he has been begging me to save him?
I don't know.
You're floundering over here.
You're not making any money.
I'm not going to have two nickels to rub together.
So you want somebody to throw you a light.
I can't ever say anything on the air to indicate that I want to go over there,
that I would go over there, or why you think it was him or that, you know,
well, you're burning your bridges.
Let me say it again.
There are no bridges.
There are never going to be any bridges.
I'd rather go out on my balcony here, out way high up in the high rise I live in,
and jump than work for him.
So go away, Joel.
Okay, I'm not interested.
I'll tear up your cell phone number.
Just get lost.
I will say this.
He said in that very jackass article, he wouldn't touch Hank with a 10-foot-full.
I guess he touched me with about an 80-foot-full, huh?
Don't touch me.
Don't call me.
Stay out of my life.
Stay out of my face.
This is a toilet.
There's no question about that.
But the check still clear every two weeks, and that's the way it is.
And I might spend the whole show today talking about this place,
and about the people who are destroying it.
And you know, those people who are regular listeners,
the 10 that we have left, they know that I've been screaming about these things for a long time,
and no, it's in a me or, certainly not to George, I mean, what could he know?
Right.
So I may rant and rave, you know, call those.
This week, this week, and then again next week.
Please, please don't.
So the technical, the few of these are straightened out, is that correct?
No.
No, they're not.
You're still roboticizing every now and again, but it's all right.
It's really nice and wilder still than you see.
There's a little digital thing there in the phone line,
and it's nothing that we have any control over this morning we've tried, you know.
And Kenny Walker there at the end of, I sure hope,
Neal's technical problems is Neel O'Kab.
Go away Kenny, you're a silly person, okay?
Rock and Roll talk show.
Man, we don't have that like that, you know, kind of like the Boogster, you know.
Man, we don't have that.
Rock and Roll talk radio.
What has happened to the radio business?
Haven't I told you for years that it's on a way out, and now it's finished.
It's off the window.
Take your radio and shovel it down the toilet.
That's my best suggestion to you.
Even a one in your car.
Just yank it out of the dashboard there and just shove it down the toilet.
Isn't it a good idea?
Right.
And then get some, don't tell me you're reading the holidays again this morning.
You know it.
From minutes after 10 at 560 WQM, we got the Mad Dog at 2.
The power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together 4 to 5.
But this looks like a real schedule day.
Humber is back from 5 to 630.
And then you got the Marlin game, the Marlins who lose, who get out of there every day now.
Marlins and the Braves pre-game at 630, the game is 7.05,
I followed by a game that would be OK.
That's our line up, which is pretty close to normal.
And then once we get rid of those Marlins, once we unload that swill.
Was that score yesterday 13 to 2?
Tracy Ados?
I don't think that's what it was.
I believe that's what it was.
And the two on the Marlins side.
Well, they lose almost every day.
They may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
Hey, all you culinary experts in South Florida, you'll never believe who's back on the year with us
and fighting the fight against high gas prices by creating his own gas.
It's nobody else than crazy John from Little Alcabous.
You get that great taste of those square little mystery meat burgers and the little old caboos in Do Your Feel with those grilled onions on top.
A shot of ketchup mustered their both.
And I don't show like the way it says a shot of ketchup.
Now, you know that's people who are on it.
You know that certain people speak and write and say,
it do have a certain way.
Yes.
A shot of ketchup must, speaking of a shot, there are many people in our sales department who want to be.
Neil God.
Can't believe the 30 years are gone.
30 years ago the king died.
Now he's got more fans than ever before.
He's worth more dead than life.
There's a thousand elements in person.
Leaders working out there.
Some real cheesy world I don't care.
Afflectorables I've had cash to spend.
I'm crazy about elders.
Crazy about elders.
How I wish that there was more Elvis Memories all on eBay.
Crazy before stuff I cannot afford.
I stay on the computer all day.
All of his lambs, hot-steak engines and walk out the street.
There's the paintings of an old lady.
There's one looking much better.
It's easy to speak.
I'm crazy about elders.
A rock crazy about elders.
Absolutely.
Crazy, crazy about elders.
WDQ I am.
Hello.
Hola.
We had one caller on the board.
We still in contact here.
With each other?
Yes.
Sure.
I don't know the way things are going this morning.
All these technical hiccups and screw-ups.
I punched up line 6 and I see the arrow there.
Maybe he got scared.
Maybe he got scared and ran away.
Maybe it was Joel Feinberg trying to reset up our lunch appointment.
560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless lines.
We will take calls if we get any.
Let's put it that way.
Here's the poll result from Georgia's very mediocre poll yesterday.
Boy, it sucked.
In fact, you had 732 votes total.
And I know you put this on there early and it still didn't help.
No.
We got 768 all right today.
How do you like that?
No, no, no.
And you did call me by the way, Saturday.
I'm really worried.
Why?
Yes, I did.
You admitted finally?
I remembered.
It was 10 in the morning.
I was just waking up.
Yeah.
And you said that I got all panicked.
Is that somebody must have died or something?
Why is Georgia calling me on Saturday morning?
Which characteristic irritates you the most about women in South Florida?
732 votes on Georgia's poll yesterday.
Materialistic or greedy, 161.
This poll is so bad I don't even want to read it.
No speaking English, 59.
That's really incredible.
Considered or arrogant 56 lack of education 54.
Loud enough knocks his tone of voice 40, like the nanny.
In fact, that's what I told Norma after I talked to Joel Feinberg.
I said, he's like a male nanny.
Can you understand what I'm saying?
I like that.
That's right.
Overweight or obese 39, bad driver 38, obvious plastic surgery artificial parts 36, artificial
parts.
Know what all attitude 34, selfishness 33, bad temper or confrontational attitude 24.
No sense of humor 21, that was my vote.
That's why we have no female audience.
Low credit score 19, impolite 19, parochial 14, clingy 12, clingy.
I think possessive would have been a better word, but clingy is okay.
Too much makeup 12, fearful or suspicious 11, drunk or chemophied appended 10, frigid or
puritanical 8, poor work ethic 8, unfaithful or disloyal 6, poor hygiene 5, excessively
promiscuous 5, excessively not just, you know, no clothes sense 5 and two skinny 3 out of
732.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I love you.
This is Jesus Christ.
Yeah, okay.
Drop dead.
700, how can you keep putting him back on?
He's a new chronic.
Yeah, I forget how to voice out.
You haven't figured him out.
Yeah, he does have a very dull, you know, 774 votes on today's pool, which sure is how
beats the totally heavy as today.
But this is Charlie Bees and we've already done this for a hundred times.
But that's okay, Charlie.
It always gets a good response.
And we'll do a thousand acres, whether you like it or not.
Cool.
Which group in our society is the most discriminated against?
It's like a peeing contest, you know.
They're picking on us more blacks 176, gays 128, ugly people 104.
What about ugly black gays?
Oh, good luck to them.
That's cool.
Atheist 79, what about, and fat people 78?
What about a fat ugly atheist black gay person?
Who's also handicapped, handicapped people 34?
Muslim's 30, immigrants 37, the elderly 27 old people like me.
Jews 21, old Jews.
Well, I got some real, I got several categories covered on here.
Fat atheist gay, ugly, Jew, old, short people 16, women 14, dumb people 13, and his
went to the Athe only seven.
Wow, that's 72.
WDQYM, hello.
Male.
Yes, sir.
Obviously Chris was.
Now, okay, good.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, I really like George's show now.
He's coming to his own, but he's got to take a survey or a poll on that lutey bitch because
she's a, you got the spanglish baby talk thing going.
If you haven't heard it, it's, of course I haven't heard it.
When would I hear it?
You listen to me.
It's brutal, Neil.
I like George's show, but I can't listen to her.
And in second, now that, I heard her twice.
How often is she on, George?
Everyone's in a while.
And everybody loves her.
We get like nine out of ten people say that she's hysterical and she is hysterical.
Because they think they're going to get laid.
Oh, yeah, that's what they're going to get laid on the radio.
That's what it is, yeah.
Yeah.
Pretty girl on the radio.
There's a shot.
Maybe they'll get laid if she's hysterical.
It's not.
I'm telling Neil soon in.
Nine out of ten people.
And then whatever.
Then don't listen when she's on.
WDQYM, hello.
Morning, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Okay, I agree with you that the nanny she had that whiny voice.
And it was no matter how beautiful she'd been beyond TV, that voice just was a big turn off.
What, what, man, you tell me that friend, Risher, was beautiful?
She was not the most gorgeous woman in the world, but she was, she was decent, I would say.
But her voice was just, it was incredible.
I think she looked just like she sounded like.
Not like me.
That's your opinion, that's my opinion.
The other thing was Lucy Lopez.
Oh, yes, she's very beautiful, right?
Smart.
I don't know if she's very beautiful on the radio.
Because we see her on the website.
Oh, I see that.
That's right.
And George and her are a very good team.
But sometimes she does have that whiny voice.
I don't know.
Not that it's not about Spanish or baby talk, as the guy was talking about.
That's not true.
Sometimes it gets a little bit whiny.
And I mean, she's smaller than she makes us laugh, but she's got to cut down on that whiny stuff.
Okay, cut to Quinn being so whiny, Lucy.
Slap around a little bit, George, you're good at that.
Sure, why not?
We'll work on that.
792 on today's pool.
I don't want to start giving those numbers out.
I think I'll call back again.
No, you're sending it, you're mailing it in.
I got news for you after seeing the trends on Friday.
Maybe we're mailing it in, but at least we got a postage meter that works.
You know what I'm saying?
I think the rest of the station may have run out of postage stamps.
We got to send somebody out on the street corner there.
I was very in 441 and maybe collect some postage stamps.
So our guys can mail it in.
You're mailing it in, Neil!
WQA and hello.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
I'm Nick Knai who crammed your arbitrage with like, said I had a thousand people in my family.
What was that?
I was back in March or April.
Oh, well, thank you so much.
I wish you could get the diaries again though.
Yeah, well, hopefully I will.
And I'll do the same thing.
I'll probably add a few more people to my family though.
Okay, good.
I'll go now.
There's this guy, one of the homeless boys, guys out here, dikes and charred and waving his arms over his head.
I think he's PO's because he didn't get any money today or something,
but he's helped maybe somebody should throw a nickel on the ground and make them happier or something.
Or just put him out of his misery, sounds good to me.
What just happened to him?
He hung up?
Very abruptly, forgot about the friend of ours.
I know.
Well, that's how far that happened to me.
I think it was done.
We have 800 votes on the pool.
I can't believe that.
800's not even 10-30 at for Christ's sake.
You know what I'm going to listen to this crap.
What it comes to sport?
Oh, what's going on?
He's a horse for it.
He's a football, baby.
He's a football player.
He's a football parent.
Come on.
Come on.
It's really getting scary with one of these.
Does it mean it's not you?
It's not you.
And you like coffee and it's not other guys.
I usually hide it from what they realize.
They walk their toes in an happily-eat-line.
It's a Mello Jack's hand.
Oh, right.
What's that that sport you want to see their beard?
Like talking about sports while drinking a beer.
They desire a course to be a sub-issing queer horse.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Yellow Jack's hat.
And we've won two here.
Sports all day.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Yellow Jack's hat.
The benefit here is of the high of league A.
Anyone who wants to hear it just sports will sink a day.
And his dream has found a lot to rule.
Go to the shower and grab it.
Yellow Jack's hat.
You heard me.
How about the darkness?
What a game they played.
And somebody's kid with the herniac.
He talks about it all the time.
And she was begging.
I'm afraid you like yellow shots.
Right.
Shooting and burning out.
Burning shows.
No interest in learning.
Now radio.
Just a sausage.
Party for a news portal.
Who's like yellow shots.
Red.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Hoses these.
Yellow Jack's hat.
Yellow Jack's hat.
They're all new in mine.
To be in your mouth.
Sports all day.
Thank you.
Good night.
Sports all day.
Thank you.
Good night.
Why do I Joel Feinberg?
If you really want to know my opinion on the craft that you put on the ear.
It's garbage.
99% of it.
And anybody they had on it was good.
Like Joe Rose is already leaving because he can't stand you either.
He thinks you're a real jerk.
And he's right.
Don't ever darken my life again.
Joel Feinberg, you jackass.
You're fair.
God.
He's in Toronto.
Well, so are five million other people.
If you hear that doesn't mean he's got to try to muscle into my life.
And also be a muscle in your voicemail and the email and stuff.
Am I right?
Yeah, whatever.
Like I was busy.
So Alberto B. O.
Fivegons' Alice is gone.
I don't want to hear about that anymore.
And Michael Vick, please, go to the other one here about him ever again.
Slimeball.
The big story though now.
And this is an old story from a month ago.
US Republican Senator Larry Craig yesterday denied inappropriate conduct.
This is not a one of those right-wing Republican phony-belony fangots.
Yeah, I saw that story.
After he was arrested by a police investigating alleged loot incidents in an airport bathroom.
Oh, no.
Again with that.
I wonder, you know what this boat camper is now on tomorrow or Thursday?
It's Kenny and O.J. He's probably going to go there to investigate.
T-Rum hijinks.
Craig was arrested in the midway.
Many Apple is saying Paul and June by a plane closed off.
Is there the roll call newspaper which covers Congress reported?
Siding court documents, roll call said Craig 62.
Preeded guilty this month to misdemeanor disorderly conduct and pay more than $500 in fines and fees had attendails.
They just sent and stayed.
Shortly after news of the incident broke on the newspaper's website, Craig, who represents the state of Idaho,
issued a statement saying he had erred by admitting wrongdoing.
At the time of the incident, I complained to the police.
There were misconstruing my actions.
I was not involved in any inappropriate conducts of Craig who was married enough for reelection in 2008.
There were a whole bunch of queens who talked about publicly about having sex with Larry Craig,
right wing homophobic, married, phony, baloney, republican.
I should have had the advice of council members of this matter.
He said in hindsight, I should not have fled guilty.
I was trying to handle this matter myself quickly and expeditiously, he said.
The report, are you cracking your knuckles again?
Yes, I am.
Well, it's a good thing we got a really good connection then because I can hear that loud and queer.
You're what?
The report quoted a plane closed police officer and said,
oh, and how come we don't have white people on the poll?
The professor of some of you a message on antitext message saying, what's wrong with white people?
Because they ruled the world and done something.
Well, yeah, there's a little hope for that because it was picked upon.
I put a handful of people on there just a whole day.
The people in white people can be pulling up the SN.
The report quoted a plane closed police officer saying Craig was seated in the stall in the bathroom
and had made gestures consistent with someone wishing to engage in a lured contact.
What does that look like?
At least one Republican presidential campaign was affected by the report.
Senator Larry Craig, but Mitt Romney's top backer isn't a Senate.
Jonathan Martin writes at Politico, a clip of Craig praising Romney was up until this moment
through on you Romney's YouTube channel.
But now listed as a private video, they pulled it.
They yanked it.
The plane closed cops said that Craig tapped his foot.
Maybe he's just listening to his iPod.
You know, I'm listening.
Tap this foot and...
Oh, man, lost him.
Great.
The plane in the mood for this.
Here we go.
Are we going to wait?
I don't even have a song ready.
It's like I should have gone on a cobb trap.
I'm a sliker.
I'm going to go over here doing arcs and crafts for Christ's sakes.
Are we going to wait for him to come back?
Listen, he catches one that he's been disconnected and we're having all these problems today.
He's just going to, you know, bag it as we say in the Northwest.
He would have had that over here.
He would bag it.
He's going to get up and leave.
We have to pretend like, you know, when he comes back like...
He's been here the whole time.
He's been here the whole time and we know exactly what he was saying.
So he should just laugh when he starts talking to me.
Absolutely.
I mean...
Absolutely.
I mean, sitting here with a cobb trap in my mouth,
putting the finishing touches on the CD and working on Jesus Christ.
And then moving to this look.
Look what I have on my show notes today.
Oh, it's a blank page.
It's a blank page.
I haven't even looked because he'd look at yesterday.
That's what it's supposed to look like.
All full of stuff and nonsense and everything.
I have nothing going on today.
I got old stuff.
Who's on the hotline for Christ's sakes?
Is it Neil?
Put him on.
Oh, yeah, I got a punch him on.
Neil, ride your show.
Well, they must be screwing around again back there.
I don't know.
You just disappeared and...
I'm going to do a music show if you stick with this thing today.
I'll tell you.
Is that what I said?
He was tapping his foot and I said,
Yeah, he was tapping his foot and then I think it must have meant something.
Yeah.
Because that's it.
I think it was...
I think it was iPod.
Listen to what Jackie tuned.
How is this possible?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
What do you mean, how is it possible?
You know how it's possible.
Yeah, it's QYM.
It's a QMF.
Sure.
It's a AirBreaths, thinking day.
AirBreaths, thinking day, it's the same crap.
A technical horror show is what it is.
Mm-hmm.
Other than that.
Yeah, I get paid.
So what are we going to do?
I got to do a beautiful...
How does it sound on my...
Like hell.
It sounds...
I mean, we can hear you loud and queer, but you know, it sounds like you're on a phone.
And why what's happening with the other stuff?
I don't know, but Joe Bell just peeks his head in there.
Oh, Joe Bell just peeks his head in there.
Well, isn't that great?
He might actually have discovered that our technical incompetence is reaching a new level.
Joe Bell just peeks his head in there to see what.
To see what a studio looks like?
To see Saw.
To see K.
Did he tap his foot?
No, thank God.
He didn't give me any signals like that.
Oh, thank God.
I don't know what the signals are.
You'll have to go over those with us for the audience.
Yeah.
What those T-Room signals are.
The little hand signs and foot signs and what not.
And they still have the engineering still marching around with this line or what?
I don't know.
I suggest we go in and break and then see what's going on.
Yeah, go ahead, Chris.
See what they're doing.
I think we can do anything.
This is just wonderful.
I did hear this morning that they were calling AT&T to see what the deal was with the lab.
Oh, hey, they're calling AT&T.
Why couldn't they wait till later on?
I could have fed some audio from the TV and walked out and heard it two o'clock.
No, Frank, what did I say?
It's 10 to 10.
Don't punch me around now.
Did I say that?
Yeah, I think they were already in mid-patch, though, when you said that.
For Christ's sake, what a...
Or halfway between Potch and Key.
All the engineers are running around right now, so...
Oh, good.
Let's prop the door open.
I like to see people running up and down.
Oh, let's do the break.
I could play the regi-run, but you wouldn't hear it.
So what there is is a break.
Right.
I could play the...
Here we go.
This station stands for nothing.
No.
Absolutely.
I agree.
So we're back for sure?
We're back, sounds good?
Thanks.
So far.
They were good toys.
Sure love, damn old love far be.
And polypockets too.
They were good toys.
But could be deadly choking hazard.
With black paint too.
I'm scared when it says made in China, they're not known for.
Quality control.
They're selling bad toys.
And the kids are gonna miss them.
Yes, they're bad toys.
And they have to go.
So they're pretty good.
Now they're pretty good.
Pretty good.
Now they're pretty good.
Now they're pretty good.
I took the order to recall the equipment from Q&A.
It was worth it out of the dude.
Come on, let's get serious for Christ's egg, Jolly Joe.
Like I said, we're not competing.
We're forfeiting.
And I said that to you a long time ago, when the show, months ago,
I said we're not even competing.
We're not promoting.
We're not putting stuff on here that anybody wants to hear.
We've handed the keys to the kingdom over to a bunch of sports riders
who nobody reads their columns.
Nobody wants to hear them on a radio.
And they're not broadcasters, okay?
Which seems to be the criterion for whether somebody's gonna be on the air or not.
If you're not a broadcaster, poof.
Man, it will make you one.
It's a bit from the back of the lineback, because my battery wasn't gonna last the whole four hours.
No, I don't imagine.
Down to 90%. That's not good.
That's the same blackberry that you called me on Saturday morning, by the way,
because I'm in the Joe Feynberg, wasn't Toronto wanting me to call him.
That one, the same one.
I've actually Joe Bell's all whipped up about that too.
Oh, they're temporary!
Yeah, tamper with this, okay, Joe?
Tamper with the equipment.
Maybe that's why he came over here.
For what?
Because of what?
And what were you gonna tell him about it?
Oh, I was gonna give him all the scoop.
While we're trying desperately to get on the air.
Give him two scoops.
Yeah.
850 votes on our award-winning poll for the guy that it is like the numbers.
You're mailing it in there!
You know something?
If I had a postage meter up here, I'd be more than happy to mail it in.
Because it would save a lot of grief and a lot of tourists.
And at least the FedEx works really great.
You get it the next day.
Sure.
Great.
Gone again?
Looks like it.
Q&A, nothing you'll write just showing it.
Yep.
Oh, there is.
What?
Coming back.
Oh, nothing.
Nothing at all.
Nothing at all.
Keep going.
No, you're cutting out now.
Oh, great.
Why won't they leave it alone back there?
We had it going and then during the last break it could have.
You don't know what's going on back there.
We don't know if it's them doing something.
Yeah, somebody know of course they'll lie about it.
I mean, when we showed up this morning, it was all on the potchkey.
Now, you know the difference between Sid the kid and Don Eimes.
No.
Sid the fact that Eimes is unemployed.
What?
Is it, can you understand what Sid is saying?
Sid has a pulse.
Ah.
That's about all I'll say for him.
And then, you know, he's getting this number.
Don't ask me how.
Don't ask me how.
And like I said before, by default, how many more days of the Kenyan bowl abortion
on the station?
Three more days.
Is that correct?
I don't think so.
In fact, on Thursday it's not even Kenyan Bowards.
Kenyan OJ.
Kenyan OJ, who gets rewarded for that grotesque behavior of his,
is trying to stir up a bunch of racial phony crap with me.
And by being put back on the air again.
It's just an insescent slap in the face when you work for these people.
So yeah, Joe, I'm real unhappy with the beesleaves and with fat ass jolly, Joe,
with clearance and with joy.
And you know what?
The check's still clear.
Okay.
And you ain't got no story over there.
You know, you got a trend, big deal.
854 votes.
Which group in our society is most discriminated against?
White people got two votes.
Which means the professor voted twice.
You're cheating.
Blacks 196, Gays 135, Ugly people 112, Fat people 89.
I think Fat people ought to be doing better than that.
No two.
Yeah, no, they are discriminated against.
There's a lot of people.
Fat people take a lot of crap, man.
Right.
And I'm one of them.
In more ways than one.
Or are you fat now?
No, no.
I'm one of the ones that discriminate against me.
Oh, I don't blame me.
Me too.
I won't touch them.
Atheist 80, Handi-Kat people 49, Muslim is 43, immigrants 43.
The elderly 28, Jews 22.
Jews 22.
That sound like a radio station if you could have a frequency of 22.
And of course, if we could find a spot on the dollar 22, we'd go on there.
Because we got all the Jews and Jocks.
Short people of 19, women 14, don't people 13.
See, I can't buy into that because don't people deserve?
Yes!
Lashy.
They deserve whatever crap they get.
Hispanics 9 and whites, salamante dose.
But two votes for why people ought to be 54.
We're going to do that thousand easy.
Okay, I don't like that.
And it's Spidey, Jolly, Joe Bell.
And Spidey, this, pochking around with her equipment that goes on every single day.
This seems to be a new deal.
I'm sitting here this morning and I'm waiting for you to say something like usual.
About 825, 820.
Right.
And I hear you come out and say, yo, yo.
And I think you can hear me, you know.
And you can't.
Right.
And now I'm screaming like, what's going on?
And finally I call you.
See, I do remember calling you.
Mm-hmm.
And we were having issues again.
And then part of the reason I'm sure is because every single day there are people in their playing.
It's like a director said they're playing tinker toys with our studio.
And Claret still give a crap about that because obviously, you know, if there's sports stuff going on,
then they need to be in there a pochking around and doing their tinker toy crap.
Because it's a lot more important than what's on between 10 and 2.
No question.
WQYM, hello.
Daniel, when you talk about the radio show, you're talking about priorities.
And sports intensive radio is their priority.
And, you know, I'm just saying you're not sports intensive.
So, in other words, can you move on to another radio station?
Well, what does that mean?
In other words, even though you have a contract with us, if they buy you out, if they buy you out,
who are you supposed to buy me out?
If they buy me out, I will kiss your ass.
I'll say I will kiss you over every party of body if they buy me out.
I'll make you pop in a park with your other party.
Okay, sounds good.
I'll see you there at 6.
Tap your foot.
Tap your part.
Tap your foot.
Yeah.
You tap your foot and I'll tap my root.
Oh, God.
That's what we got cut off as soon as I said tap your root.
We got cut off.
I'm sure that was a Joyce thing.
She's probably got a new big red button over there in Naples, you know?
To go with the Zubber Ball.
Yeah, she's got a big red button.
Like, what's his name?
He's a CKLW Paul Drew.
He was a crazy pro.
He was the PD.
And he had a button that would like, even if he was an restaurant somewhere and he was listening all the time.
And then way, way, many years before they had iPods.
But he obviously had like a little transistor sister.
And if the DJs said or did anything on the air that he didn't like, he would like hit the button and a big light.
Big bulb.
A big light bulb would light up.
Oh, geez.
Paul Drew was listening.
I'm pretty sure was Paul Drew.
Huh.
And what was that supposed to mean?
You better.
That was supposed to mean you better cut the crap because I heard it and you heard that.
You're going to be fired at it, baby.
You're going to be like that.
See, oh Joyce, you're right.
So, did the light go off?
Yeah, several.
Uh oh.
There's some more warning lights.
70 QAM, all fart radio.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
And Shiner liked that guy was doing the limbo rock in the bathroom at the airport there.
Yeah, he maybe was an import from Westland.
Now, the thing is, I've said the kid basically that radio show is New York Yankees and New York Giants football.
That's all they talk about.
Yeah, I'm not just all your...
I have never heard anybody and I've talked to a lot of people who have heard him.
I've never heard anybody say one positive word about him, about the show about what he had cracked his foot in the air.
His horrendous.
Yeah.
He's got much milk.
Good night, Neil.
Bye.
See ya.
But we got Kenny and Bo for another few days.
A show that I wouldn't wish on Hitler and Edie on mean and Osama Yamama.
That's the Kenny and Bo morning show.
But they do like a Jim Nagar lot on that show.
That really went over there.
They're doing one shares in there.
Do you understand?
I mean, how do they even show up in there?
Like, do they kind of like slink through the hallway?
Like, hope nobody sees us and kind of like slink on a way out?
Like a walking slinky?
You know what I mean?
I do.
Well, I would.
If I had one shares on this radio station, I would slink around.
Of course, we know somebody else.
When he was on two to four, we were doing a one share.
And somebody else.
We also picked up the evolve there and still continued doing one shares.
What did I say back in those days when we saw those numbers?
I said, you know, this is the beginning of the end.
The handwriting's on the wall.
Even Daniel and Lions then saw the handwriting in any language.
Reading from right to left.
And he went, oh, and Johnny Joe was like, hey, but it would, but it would, but about, hey, Neil,
how come they came so close to us?
Oh, must have been Georgia's fault, Joe.
WDQA and hello.
I, I, I, I split my father's dents into my rectum and...
Good. Well, must be getting really crowded in rectum.
Everyday he calls it with more artifacts that are deep inside of his rectum.
Boy, they could share you cool and clean.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Let's get these phones going again.
Let's try to revitalize this damn radio station while these people,
so, Roomba's burning and these people are fiddling and Joe's stuck his head in the other thing there.
You know, if you would have been thinking Chris fast enough, of course, fat being fat,
you're slow on your feet and slow on your ass, you would have gone there and slammed the door in his head,
and done this all a big shit.
Oh, yeah, I do still need to draw a check.
I mean, you know, you would have been...
I would have been a pencil paper.
I would have more than, I would have covered it and doubled it.
Okay.
Hey, Joe, can you come back over here for a second?
WDQA and hello.
Why is George so scared of everyone going?
WDQA and hello.
Deal.
Yes.
Hey, Joe can't get there quick enough.
Joe Ro can't get there quick enough, huh?
Amen.
Yeah, it should be like it was as well.
Is that four or five years ago when he was there?
It would be in the morning and then...
Well, let me...it should be like all of a sudden, magically, everybody's going to come back.
You see, one of the problems is, other than you, those people listening right now,
who knows that your roses coming back to QA?
Unless they read Barry Jackass.
I mean, who even knows?
Are there any billboards up saying anything about it?
Yeah, the Great Promotion Department.
Yeah.
Well, we don't have the money because the Marlins are crushed and the Subforced and the Marlins
that lose every day, you know, that team?
Oh, yes.
Yeah, it's awesome.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
I got the dolphin.
That should do wonders for the re...
Yeah, that really...that sure turned it around, didn't it?
That's a great day, Pallet.
See ya.
The day they announced that we got the right to the dolphins back, that's when things started really going downhill fast.
Fast.
And then, of course, we got these great, that voice.
The biggest name.
Oh my God.
You know, try to just tune your airs out.
Yeah, he's got a big voice.
Big deal.
People are saying, oh my God, will you stop playing that crap?
Don't let me play that first one again.
I want to just start to play this.
All right, don't...
Don't play it.
Don't do it.
I mean, wouldn't it be nice if we had like a little variety?
They must obviously pay this guy.
I just want to say the sports writers.
Can you imagine how would you like to have in a tax exempt bank account somewhere in Switzerland?
How'd you like to have the money that they pee away on crap?
On the trips and all the stuff.
Yeah, you need to go out to pee.
You need to go out to the pub with this game and that one and all that.
What's the thing that the combine, and if they spend the big old two and about the sports writers that they're paying?
And then, they got the Hutzbuck, Kenny Walker's got the gold.
He's like, oh Alex, thank you so much for stopping by as if he's doing it out of the kindness of his heart.
He's on the payroll, you idiot.
We're paying him to come by and destroy your show.
You simple, then.
You moron.
You're fair with God.
I mean, you told me Kenny is, you know, not a bad guy, but I'm a bad guy.
Nice guy.
Huh?
Very nice guy.
Is he?
Well, there's a lot of nice guys, but they don't belong in a radio.
Do you want me to grab that?
I do.
I know a lot of nice people that don't belong in the radio.
Right, that's correct.
And most of them are working for us and across the street.
Of course, the motivation is low as by the way, Joel.
If you think you've got a lineup over there, wow.
Good luck to you.
What do you think of what we're doing now?
I said to him, I said I don't hear it, but obviously, you know, you got a diary.
You got some diaries.
You got a trend.
You suck, Joel.
Okay?
Radio sucks.
This market blows.
It's an embarrassment.
It's a disgrace.
The crap that's on here as an excuse for radio.
And I'm taking from me somebody that used to work in radio.
Even George wants to put on a time-work in real-rated.
I remember that.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is the queen.
Any questions?
Do you know a word from Hillary Clinton?
Recently, people in the media have decided to knock me for showing some cleavage.
If I may, I'd like to respond to these boos.
Any political campaign is full of peaks and valleys.
If I couldn't take a little criticism, my supporters would head for the hills and bury their faces.
But as you can see, I remain firm.
I will pursue my plans to lift up that country's most visible assets.
On taxes, I will be as low-cut as possible.
I believe this guy is the limit for America.
Our future is virtually topless.
Keeping a breath to the latest polls shows my opponents are sagging.
And as I always tell my male supporters, I'm up here.
So won't you join the Hillary Clinton cleavage campaign?
The excitement is spilling over.
You said a mouthful, Hill.
Although as I always say, more than a mouthful is a waste.
I'll feel kind of curious here.
11.02 at 5.60 WNQAM.
You know where your audience is. It's 11.02.
You ever seen those mupper stickers?
You know where your audience is?
Not lately.
We know that they're not on the phone.
I guarantee you that because there is one call on the board.
I was just about to reach over here and start a real rush.
If you're putting that expression on calls, there isn't any.
There ain't none.
Are you experiencing blackouts like this to win a phone?
Oh yeah, can you do me?
5.670560.
See, a week ago today, I decided, hey, it'll be really good.
Wasn't it a week ago today to take the call again?
Or was it two weeks?
Something like that.
Yes, I like that.
You can't even remember calling me on Saturday morning.
No.
And the audience has been clamoring, screaming, shrining, carrying on.
Oh, we want the calls back.
We don't want to hear you sitting reading bedtime stories for us.
So here you go.
And as usual, they have nothing to say.
Let me just see if they're working because they're extraordinarily dead.
878 votes on the pool.
And we're going to make our thousands of it.
So we care about it.
It's getting paid and getting to a thousand votes on the pool.
Everything else is kaka.
I'll give the numbers one more time and then,
from the Sun OKC and then, give you CNN audio.
5.670560.
Or we can put some horse racing on.
That would blow out whatever little audience we got left.
So when it appropriate charm was second then finishing the pool.
There is Gary Gauri from Grand River Roasterack, who thinks he's really swell.
Plastic A-hole.
Not that anybody would know who that is.
What a guy.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
OK sir.
I'll tell you what, man.
I'm at work here.
I'm a dump truck driver.
And I'm wearing nothing but my work boots.
Yeah.
And it's really liberating.
It feels good on my...
On your dumper.
5.670560.
5.6705.
Or rather than a singular wireless line.
WQA and hello.
QA and.
And I have the good morning.
How are we doing out there?
OK sir.
Well real good.
I just wanted to share with you.
Pretty darn good bumper sticker I just saw.
And this crazy south Florida traffic is the only one that makes sense that I've seen in a while.
Yeah.
What it is, it's the 80s of the band government.
Ashcroft.
Bush.
Cheney.
That I sure would be folks.
You all have a good end.
OK.
You have a great day too.
See you around, buddy.
Here's another rock and roll talk show guy.
I'll ride.
But at least he had something to say, a little bit, nothing great.
And that was it.
Yeah, we'll take it compared to...
Compared to the blank fold we go to the end.
This is, you know, the handwriting is on the wall there.
Joe, you've done it.
And I've been screaming about and howling and carrying on in.
Nobody will listen to anything that I say because I possibly know.
And because it's got nothing to do with sports.
And because there are a bunch of hard asses.
They're the experts and we're just a bunch of peons.
And so they peon us all they can.
Joe Bell has got to be the most in...
He's like a rock.
He's like a brick.
You ever heard that expression?
I'm sure you have.
It's like talking to a rock.
And that's him.
You cannot penetrate.
You cannot get through.
You cannot make any...
A headway.
You cannot get through to this guy.
I don't know what to tell you.
And the meantime, that I'm getting overtures from Joel Feinberg wants to meet me.
I don't want to meet you either.
Okay, like I said, frying pan into the fire.
Like going from purgatory into hell.
So they got to call me for...
Well, isn't there another station that you could...
No.
Yeah, maybe Exxon...
I can go pump gas.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, yes sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
How are you this morning?
Okay, how are you this morning?
I'm just a little bit more...
I'm okay.
Don't take me wrong.
I think you should talk a little bit more sparks in your radio.
No, no.
This is not a sports show.
This is not a sports show, sir.
We have the highest ratings on the radio station.
And have had for 10 years.
And that's because we don't talk about sports.
I don't take, so I think you're wrong.
You think I'm wrong about what?
Yes.
I just made it up about the numbers.
Yeah, I just made it up.
I'm wrong.
You're right, I'm wrong.
You're a jackass.
Okay, go take the ball.
What's everyone?
Ball, football, soccer ball.
Basketball.
Basketball.
And shove them all up in there.
Okay, and have a party in your pants.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
You know, that must be a buddy of OJ, you think?
Must have been...
I didn't say which OJ.
Now, what's with line 1?
Is that dead again?
Or what?
Well, it seems to work, but why does that one never do anything?
They have works, it's just...
It's like the last line.
Yeah.
So it comes in 2, 3, 4, then...
It's the last line of line 1.
It'll come in in in that order.
Yes.
Oh.
Like, we have day lines, we have the Broward lines.
I think line 1 is now the last...
Well, which ones are the day lines and which ones are the Broward lines?
I don't know.
After all these years.
But they usually split into four, I guess so.
I see.
Whatever that means.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
And they've revised them singular wireless line.
The search for the South Florida audience continues.
Joe Rose is coming.
Anybody...
Any interest?
Anybody know about it?
No.
I think on what day do we know what day he's coming?
I don't even know he's coming.
And he hates Joe Elfine.
We've got a thousand times more than I do.
And by the way, so does Defoe.
And everybody else had ever worked over there.
Because basically, take a look at what they put on the air.
Sid the kid, who's gotten, you know, run out of New York,
who is desperate to try to get back there before I'm as God canned,
who kept schlepping back up there to make guest appearances on that show.
He's got no broadcasters on here anymore.
Booster, who's there like when he's not doing 75 ball games,
doing rock and roll talk radio, who's he got?
And if you tell me Daniel Abaster is a broadcaster,
that's quite a commentary right there.
He's got a six-three or something like that in the afternoon.
If Alice Marves and Ethan's school,
to appear on this radio station ever again, ever again,
a terrorist will come in the middle of the night
and blow the whole building right off the map.
I'm telling you right now.
Don't you think?
Sure.
Or if they don't, they should.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, with something, how you doing?
Okay.
I'd like to hear more stories about you cruising in the early 80s and stuff.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
How about me cruising in the early 80s?
Yeah, cruise on this.
Oh, like Princess Cruises?
Yeah, with Mickey Aaronov.
I love both the gay love, but Larry Burinov.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
W-D-Q-A-M, hola.
Hey, Neil, what's up?
Yes, sir.
Now, you need to get rid of George.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
He's gone.
Greg Reed will be calling within the hour.
I've decided to terminate George Rodriguez.
These are good calls, you're right.
The best.
We do have 800 E7 boats on the pool.
We're creeping toward a thousand.
We're not exactly doing it.
We're not setting the world on fire.
Why do I was going to take a while to make the transition back to entertaining talk radio?
If Neil would just put the collars back on and get back to those fun days.
Right.
It's sure a lot of fun so far.
I'll tell you that.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Just so you know you and George are the true power hour.
Yeah.
I just want to say thank you and I don't know if it's...
Thank you.
Thank you for what?
For highlights, Cass A.
Okay.
On your meal deal.
Uh-huh.
My wife and I went on Sunday and we are going to be repeat cuts.
Oh, good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Yes, and I was told that George thoroughly enjoyed the chocolate cake.
Well, I'm delighted to hear it and don't call us again here.
Great job.
I'm very boring on the radio.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Well, and pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I must be missing something, you know what?
Remember back at I-O-D?
Remember those days?
Yeah, what part of it you have to remember?
No, but I'm talking about the calls.
Yeah, people were like, really real talk show collars.
I was talking to Suzz because he was here on Friday about how each show would like feed off of each other
and it was like this ongoing soap opera between the shows and the audience stayed with us the whole day long
and people would call and comment about things that happened earlier in the day and everybody knew about it.
What was going on and everybody listened to each other's shows and it was like this, just this ongoing 12 hour fun fest that was going on.
Right.
And then we came here.
Right.
As opposed to here.
Yeah.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Who is this guy now, 60, 60?
WDQ-YM, hello.
Now that is kind of cute.
You got to give me a little bit of credit.
Bad job singing, that's kind of clever, right?
Not real clever.
I don't want to hear about Michael Vick.
I'm sick of Michael Vick.
He's going to get sentenced in, where's the story I got in here somewhere?
He's got a drug stamp.
He found Jesus.
In December.
He's getting sentenced in December.
How big of like 100 years?
Scrubbing the pit bull crap off the ground.
892 votes on our pool and eight people say white people are most discriminated against.
Oh no, 6,000 Robbie Ducky kids watering cans are recalled over lead paint.
Oh no, not the Robbie Ducky kids watering can.
That's bad news.
I just bought some of them.
Almost as bad as DJ's Kennedy is like hung it up at Croverage Presbyterian Church.
He brings it quick, picking on them Jews.
You are listening to me, people, me, watch and smack it.
Lucid Ray on 560.
She's holding it.
Who's going to get bricky a blow?
The sour.
President Spiro Cheney.
I mean that it depends.
He's a green pool and the embarrassed myself with my usual line of stupid-ass questions.
Thanks for joining us tonight.
That's a nice watch and bad odd.
What kind of watches that?
Say, brightly atomic.
Is the atomic?
You don't want to find out?
No, no, no, no.
That's a very nice tie.
Do I think that went out?
There is one serious question.
I must ask you.
Go right ahead.
You got changed to a 20?
I didn't allow me to answer that question with another if you will.
Sure, go ahead.
Mind-holding still for a moment.
Not at all.
I need to practice my aim.
BAM!
You shut me in the face.
A decent improvement, if you will.
Now apologize to me.
My profuse apologies.
And I'm too soon, Larry.
1118 and 560.
I want to give a little bit more about Larry Craig of Idaho.
Good.
According to Woolcaw, the arresting officer alleged to Craig,
a lingering outside a restroom stall where the officer was sitting,
then entered the stall next door and blocked the door with his luggage.
According to the arrest report,
the officer said,
Craig tapped his foot,
which the officer said he recognized as a signal used by persons
wishing to engage in a nude conduct.
His right foot.
You put your right foot in, you stick your left foot.
That's how you do the hokey-pokie.
That's right.
You want to do a little, uh, pokie and talk about hokey.
The report ledges Craig then touched the officer's foot with his foot
and the senator proceeded to swipe his hand under the stall divided three times.
I'm sorry.
Several times.
I agree.
At that point, the officer said he put his police ID down by the force
or Craig could see it and informed the senator he was under arrest
before any actual sexual contact took place.
He's married with three grown children and nine grandchildren.
Last fall, his office publicly denied assertions by Internet blogger Mike Rogers
the relation that the senator was gay.
He said it was completely ridiculous.
In 1982, he denied rumors he was under investigation as part of federal
probe and allegations that lawmakers on Capitol Hill had sexual relationships
with congressional pages.
But it would be, but it would put about.
He's voted in favor of the Defensive Marriage Act, which denies federal recognition
of the same sex marriages, has also opposed to expanding the federal hate crimes
a lot of cover offenses motivated by anti-gay bias.
And in 96 voted against the bill, it would have outlawed employment discrimination
based on sexual orientation.
Another subhating fag.
Like Miss Drudge and like Ms. Colter and like somebody, there's other self-hating right-wing
faggots.
Well, in other words,
my decon.
899 on the poll.
We're going to go over 9 out of this hour, you think?
The way things are going.
I don't take anything for granted.
Okay.
That would be my best suggestion.
Now, did you mention the trend numbers again for the month of July?
Because I have them here.
I did not mention they were trend again at all, no.
Well, I will.
Okay.
Because I think this is what the public needs to know.
Exactly what's going on here.
It's called a forfeit.
Since they're so big in the sports, let's put into sports kind of terminology.
It's a forfeit.
We lose.
You win.
Here's the ball.
Have it all.
Have a good time.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Good morning, sir.
Yes, sir.
Boy, all those pages and pages, man.
I just wonder if you've good buddies with a guy from down here.
Miss Fully.
Yeah, there you go.
My back pages.
I don't know if you've taken a look.
Maybe I'm a little on the late side.
But if you take a look at one of the local rags today at the Sun, Sun,
there's an article about the state's ranking in terms of fat,
which I found pretty interesting.
Yeah, I saw it on CNN first thing.
Where do we rank?
I think we rank 34.
Which doesn't make any sense to me.
But Miss Cia, of course, which is no surprise ranks number one.
Mrs. Citi, you may have known him fat.
Yeah.
So, anyways, great show.
Thanks a lot.
Okay, see you.
May I ask why I said treat to a beat your feet on the Mississippi mud?
I better get that story going.
Because I saw it on CNN and I thought, wow, you know, they do all these.
Which is the safest, which is the most violent, which is the nicest people,
which are the biggest A-holes, and stuff like that.
You think we're ever going to get over 900 votes on the poll?
I mean, let me click it again.
Oh, yeah.
Oh!
901.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
All calls today, I think.
I do have a few things here.
Like a trend from July.
Okay.
6 a.m. to midnight.
And I'm doing this even on the heels of Joel Feinberg making such a jackass out of himself here.
Don't come to Toronto again, Joel, by the way.
David Miller, the mayor, said you're not allowed here.
No mole.
Overall, for the month of July, Raxi 49, QA2.7.
In the morning, Raxi 4.5.
Of course, there was Joe Rose, who's coming over here.
And QA and the Kenny and Boe Show 1.5.
Oh, my God.
I'm going to say it again.
Oh, my God.
1.
Oh, my God.
What kind of a number is that?
Oh, my God.
Midday, Raxi 4.6, QA and 4.7.
That's 10 to 3.
So from 10 to 2, you had over a 5.
We did.
You and I, mostly you.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, and then we got that close.
We talked about sports.
3 to 7, Raxi 6.3.
Oh, my God.
QA and 2.1.
Oh, my God.
At night, Raxi 5.4.9, a QM 3.4.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
It shows a Gaki would say.
Didn't that what he would say?
Something like that.
It's a Oma, Oma.
Oma.
Oma.
Oma.
Oma.
God.
Or maybe.
Oma.
Oma.
Yeah.
Oh.
You know something.
You know who put it best?
Who?
Of all the people.
You'd be surprised that we're going to...
He summed it up the best.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime.
All the time.
Yeah.
That's our format of QAM, baby.
Make no mistake about it.
The Mollmysk, even, had his thumb on it.
Or in it.
So he tapped his right foot and he stuck his foot over against the opposite foot.
And then he stuck his hand in the stall a few times, several times.
Huh.
What is it?
He whisked it.
He swiped it.
How did he know he wasn't asking for paper?
W.D.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Two things.
Sid Rosenberg to crackhead.
And did you see Dan Lefasterd making an ass out of himself last night?
Even now in Holmes wanted to flap him.
He was defending Michael Vick saying, you know, his thumb he's doing with it.
Even now in Holmes, he's not a Berkeley style liberal like this guy wanted to just flap him.
Thanks, Uncle Neil.
Okay, thanks for the good news.
I'm glad you wasted your time watching that crap.
What would that have been on?
I'm Fox.
No idea.
Defending Michael Vick would make me sick, but then again, that's a caller who knows.
Five, six, seven, there's now one line on hold on that board right now.
But this is to me, this is the end, you know.
This is the point I waited two o'clock this afternoon.
I sit down in my living room.
I put my head in my hands and I ask myself the musical question.
Well, I show up here on Thursday.
The answer is, er, because the paycheck will show up again on the 10th or the 9th.
What these, what this crew, the remember we used to joke about the morning wrecking crew.
What this wrecking crew has done to this radio station.
And you know, you can make a joke out of it if you want, but it's not funny.
It's criminal.
There are people sitting lined up on death row for lesser offenses than what the current crew,
Jolly Joe and Clarence and Joyce have done to this radio station.
They just decimated it.
I mean, we're not even competing at this point.
It literally or figuratively, not even competing.
No look and tend, Ray.
But we got the dolphins.
Maybe we got the dolphins.
They're really good.
The games are free on TV.
Etc.
And so on.
You would have thought that the decision came down.
We got the dollars.
You would have thought somebody just won 50 billion dollars in a lot, wouldn't you?
Yeah, but that's when you were funked to be expected.
I mentioned this celebration was very similar to how it was at IOD when they lost the dolphins.
Yeah.
Now, here in T across the street, Joel Feinberg probably was celebrating two dancing in the street.
Oh no, no, don't you remember he was crying off of business?
Seriously, I have talked to many, many zins of people in my over these last hundred years that I've been on the air and off the air.
And I have never talked to anybody as tragic and disappointing.
Like a pus.
Not like a guy who's like the headhandshoe of a major market radio station allegedly.
A pus.
A Schmengrik.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Yes sir.
Do you think the dolphins will leave it on the yellow one this year?
Should have been.
Yeah, no, they're going to leave it in your stone.
That's when I'm here and all of them.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Oh, I forgot about that.
What?
That felt good.
Did it really?
Oh yeah.
I'm having 18 votes and the poll will make 1000 today before 2 o'clock.
Mad Dog is on it too.
We got like an almost regular lineup.
Former Panamanian dictator, man, you know, that's my protest song.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to say that.
I'm going to kill your protest.
Can you see my pain?
Sure.
Can you smell my pain?
That's my protest against the abrid behavior of beastly broadcasting of these people who are doing everything they're power to destroy.
They've destroyed the ES4 shows and now they're going to wear out.
They're going to focus on us.
You can be damn sure on that.
Former Panamanian dictator, man, you will know he can be extradited to France once he completes his US prison sentence for an 82 drug traffic conviction of federal judge rule today.
He's due to be released from a foot of jail September the 9th and then he's going to France, probably to the revere.
Never good time.
Probably with Osama Yamama.
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 6 10 leap horizon and singular wireless line.
So what do you think was it Alice Marvez, a wreath in the scholik or Dave Hyde that put us over the top or maybe Mike Veredino?
Did I leave anybody out?
I wrote.
I wrote Windbag.
Well, that goes without saying.
That was the beginning of that sickness.
That was the beginning of the illness.
Here you go, Clarence.
Here's the keys to the Kingdom.
You silly little geek.
Put a bunch of us sports nerds on you.
And let's pay him too.
Let's flush that money down the toilet with M&M.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hello, I'm Gneal.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Okay.
If I can change the subject just a moment, I want to do a quick suck in a comment.
You and George say all the things that I like to say when I can get anybody to listen to me, which is not very often.
Because the things that you all say, they don't want to hear from me.
But you're the real deal.
And George, while I'd miss you if you weren't on Neil's show, you deserve your own show.
Because you are the greatest when you start ripping on all these faker religious psychopaths
and tell the real truth.
It's a beautiful thing.
It's a Ohio.
Okay.
Saga's on.
Saga's on.
Yeah.
Caxelhoes.
567-0560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
All in the English radio baby, it's coming.
Oh!
920.
What do you think about that?
All in the Indian radio.
I think it's sitting over in the morning.
Bob and Tom are going to be available one of these days when that have been something we have put them on.
Yeah.
We don't want to do that.
They don't have a sports show.
They talk about the Indy 500.
Not enough.
Like that.
Not enough.
But they don't have the pure sports show.
That's what we want.
You can smell the Jaxes.
WQA.
QA.
Yes?
You got the Virginia mug wants to appear listening to you.
Yeah.
I've been listening to you for 20-something years.
Oh, right.
I'll be there.
I moved up here.
Well, the hurricane's ran me out of Florida, Mississippi.
I don't believe that.
I moved up here and I got you on.
Locked in.
I dripped a knob off the radio.
You just keep on doing it, man.
This is not where I've been calling you here.
Okay, Clam.
Thanks for the phone, you boys.
920 votes on the poll.
Oh, and speaking of no response, the MySpace thing.
It's like, I don't know what just happened here.
I don't know when very recently.
But we vanished from the face of the earth about two weeks ago.
Other than the professor, we both know one as a personal friend, which I hear from him every day.
And we correspond back and forth.
Thank God.
But other than that, I hear from Andy St. Bittium sent me a comment this morning.
But as far as verbal intercourse on the run of MySpace, it's just come to a halt.
It's not existing.
Yeah, yes, seriously.
It's come to a halt.
Not for me.
Well, that's because you've got a bunch of perverted things going on.
Yes.
Yes.
It's a good for you.
More power to you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Looking up.
Call me again on a Saturday, by the way.
I will.
I'll let you know fine.
I'm trying to get in touch with me.
I'll find a better reason.
So you were all whipped up.
You were all excited because you thought that was going to be our key to us.
I knew you were going to say that.
And I thought, you know, here's Neil going to be making stuff up again.
I pass along all messages to you.
Right.
Resumed nothing except you.
No matter what I thought would happen is exactly what did happen that you would have.
Oh, I'm going to have the very same conclusion.
What a schmendorick man.
What a schmural.
WDQI and hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
You know, I'm off of Palm Beach County and I was watching, uh, having homeless night.
And I wonder who this guy is and I look at it.
It was a level of a level tart there.
Dan LeBass, studio.
Yeah, LeBass is right.
And he was, uh, he was pontificating it so much that he had to, uh,
show his microphone down like twice.
He's defending Michael Vick who's saying it was a racist act against him or something like that.
Right.
Uh-huh.
Oh, he's talking about racism.
Is that the same Dan LeBass dude who said it wasn't the Marlins that won the World Series in 87 or whatever it was?
It was the Cubans that won it and he's talking about racism.
Exactly.
Yeah.
You had to pull from Southwest.
I really did.
I was just, in closing, I was just on the way to bed and called the last part of that.
So he's not a good person.
He's a wacko.
He's an evil.
Okay, thank you so much.
You're evil Danny Boy.
You're evil.
Baaah!
And the Marlins didn't win the World Series.
It was the Cubans because it was, uh, what was his name?
What was his name?
The picture?
Levan.
Oh.
I was asking Chris, not you.
Yeah, you're on an endless, I love you Miami.
Yeah.
I love you Miami but not that I don't picture anymore.
I hate you like poison, you know.
9.26 on the pool before 1 o'clock we're going to be in the thousand or before 2 o'clock anyway.
You can bet Chris' life on it.
We know what you really use it for.
And when it goes down, you need to call porn squad.
The 24 hour adult oriented technical support experts.
Hi, dammit.
I gave you my credit card number.
What?
Access denied?
Screw it.
I'm calling porn squad.
Ours, porn squad.
Our discrete technicians are familiar with all computer problems and with most lifestyle choices.
They'll have you up and running in no time.
Well, I defried your hard drive, empty the cash and cleaned off the screen.
Also put a new box of tissues by the mouse.
You're ready to hunt, milks, Mr. Campbell.
What am I doing in there?
Thanks, kid.
Don't let the wife see a leap, okay?
Oh, no problem.
My mom does the same thing.
24-7, 365.
We're there when you've got to have us.
Porn squad, online and in most press-by stores.
16 to noon at 5.60 WQM.
Look at that phone, baby.
It is smoking.
Maybe that's what they're doing.
If you're not calling, maybe they're smoking.
It's nice to share.
I may just go back to, you know, rip and read.
Why you can rip and hear even here anymore?
I'm there, your partner.
Why you gonna rip, Greg, read here, and even here anymore?
I'll find it.
There it is.
Oh, rip.
Oh, I see.
I was gonna say, what are you looking for?
That might take a while.
935 on the pool.
Here it is.
The most discriminated group of people against Blacks 213,
Gaze 149.
Ugly people, 121.
Fat people, 98.
Eightiest, 86.
And after that, it's small potatoes.
Jews only 24.
And white people is all the way up to 14.
Hispanics last place only 12.
How do you like that?
There's something that's a little...
566705, 60.
Let's get these phones smoking.
When are you people gonna wake up and smell the daffodils, baby?
It's like, you know what's like?
It's like throwing, asking for somebody to throw you a life raft.
Yeah.
Like being on the Titanic and please,
if somebody threw us a line, somebody threw us up,
and they won't do it.
And that's what's happening to us.
WDQ, Ian, hello.
Hey, Neil, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Wherever happens to that fruitcake,
Reverend Jones, whatever that...
Somebody QA, Ian, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, brother?
Okay.
Good, good.
I was shocked to hear that your encounter with Mr. Feinberg, Joe Feinberg.
You're the first person to have any comment on that.
I spent the first 20 minutes of the show relating that whole ugly episode over the weekend.
You're the first person with any comment?
Exactly.
I mean, I can't even believe he went to that effect.
And I'm surprised that you even considered me with the launch.
I mean, he's a strange guy.
Yeah, that's correct.
Now, he's a jerk.
He's a jerk.
We're checking you out to be able to relate to.
56670560, boy, this is agony, man.
This is almost too much like work.
Pumper.
Number, this is like old days.
Pumper the numbers, remember, the over and over and on, on nauseam.
Pumping them, hoping.
It's like I like conducting a one-man search party.
Is there anybody out there with something to say?
And I thought this guy was going to have something rational to say about Dick Feinberg.
Excuse me.
Sorry, Dick.
He's in Sacramento about Joe Feinberg and that whole episode.
I mean, don't you find it kind of just bizarre, almost scandalous?
Okay, scandalous people are like, hmm, like that.
You know, go to QYM.
Hello.
Why on these collapses is always, it's always mine.
I don't mean everything at all down there.
That's how it looks like, you know, born again, one of the cranks born again.
Different material low.
Nice job.
You got some new material.
56670560 and pound 560 under Verizon's Singular Wireless Long line.
Roll them along.
Sing in the same old song.
Somebody, play it.
Hello.
QYM.
Neil.
Yes.
How about you?
Okay.
Just wanted to check with you, you know, forcing both the stock brokers.
Now it's the mortgage brokers.
You know, it's the housing disaster.
You know.
You know.
Just wanted your opinion.
I'll hang up and listen.
I mean, let me give you my opinion.
I've told you many times before, sir, a fool in his money is soon parted.
Is that it?
Who the QYM?
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
If you were golden, he didn't show.
They could call it squeaky queen.
WDQYM.
Hello.
What is it?
Hey, why didn't we go get fired?
Who?
Miguel.
Why did he get fired?
Yes.
Because Joe Bell brought one of his boyfriends in from Raleigh, North Carolina and had to find
a job for him and so they fired Miguel to make room to give him his job.
Nice.
Yeah.
That's right.
It's the way.
It's the beastly FN way, baby.
It's the radio FN way.
It's the American FN way.
Don't you get it?
The crony is FN way.
Although I don't think Lee's from Raleigh.
I think he's from a Fort Myers or somewhere.
Well, the first guy was from Raleigh.
Yeah, the first guy he brought from Raleigh.
That's right.
But he didn't work out.
No, he didn't work out.
He didn't like the mission.
But then that's right.
He didn't like the job.
Here's a fact that it's a fact.
Wow, it's a follow up to an earlier caller.
And Monday's column of the hero, Dan LaBasta, defended the most absurd logic dog killer Michael
Vick since Bob Jolene and Coral Springs.
Also, haven't heard Acmanage's, how about in the honor of the coming season?
Well, we can play that.
948 votes on the poll.
Make a thousand.
That's good.
That's a good start.
Phone is dead as a door nail.
Really weak.
The Mice Base is just vanished.
And they just abandoned us.
Okay.
Now I know what it's like.
I've always talked at every time they're waiting some time.
We've got this big loyal audience.
Well, guess what?
It's not so big anymore.
And it's not at all loyal anymore.
You know what I mean?
Loyalty will only go so far.
If we just had Alex Marvez and Ethan Skolikon together talking about the smell of Kimbo
Camper's bomb movements while he's tapping his foot in the tearum, then we might be able to
develop an audience.
The thing about Rome.
No, about neurofiddling while Rome burned.
And never have I seen such a distinct parallel in my life.
These people are better be better playing the strata various better be better.
But what do you think?
And blah blah blah.
And well, you know, and clearance has the keys to the kingdom.
How can he still be free?
Of course, if Robert Creeper still be there, which is his boyfriend, I guess that explains to us why clearance is still there.
The vanishing QAM audience.
Where has it gone?
Gloria.
Where have they disappeared due?
Now what they do, Roastart?
We don't know.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
We're going to switch to the ratings, you're still the best game ever.
Yeah, but the other show that I can't compare yours, but I think it's rather entertaining.
Have you heard of this broad call?
What's your name?
Stephanie Miller?
No, I've heard her.
I never heard her on the internet.
I mean, she's not really concerning about station she's on, you know.
But it ain't close to you.
Who's got the better ass?
Nadau or Rodic?
WQAM, hello.
Nearly.
Yeah.
Hey, did you hear about this anti-gay senator that got busted in the past?
In the tiny room, yes.
Yes.
What's his name?
Larry Craig from Idaho, yes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He needs to burn in hell.
Okay.
Is that it?
That's it.
Okay.
Just want to make sure that he was out of material.
5670560, pound 56, yeah.
Yeah, and he verison and singular wireless line.
What's his name?
QAM, hello.
Hola.
Yes.
Hola.
Oh, he's scared him away.
Sorry.
WQAM, hello.
It's usually your job.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, I was just wondering.
What was the final closure with a Lucy and Liz episode yesterday?
Are we going to talk about that today or is that only?
It's not a two-in-one day if something happens more than that.
Oh, and when he was on the air, we don't talk about the Lucy and Liz situation.
What is it that has to do with me?
Say, when George is on, you talk to George about the stuff that he's doing.
When I'm on, you talk to me about the stuff that I'm doing.
That seems to be very simple.
Yeah, I'm sorry, guys.
Okay, you ought to be.
Don't do it again.
5'670560, 0560 and the Verizon and singular wireless line.
Wow, we have, seriously, the evidence is right here in front of us.
I mean, you have to be a fool not to smell it, not to vomit on it, not to dump on it.
Nice job, Joe.
I'll tell you one thing about Joe.
Some people come in and they do a half-ass job.
He is doing a thorough job.
He is cleaning a house like you wouldn't believe.
I'm not talking about him the inside.
I'm talking about him the outside.
You catch my drift?
Mm-hmm.
WDQIM, hello.
I think you're showing George's shows that you're cross between each other, just like the olden days.
Isn't that what you guys were complaining about?
Well, what is that one?
That might get things going.
Well, we're like cross between each other.
What does that mean?
I'll go this way.
Well, you said it's back in the day, the Rick and Studs and the Philhunter, everything.
We're kind of cross over and everyone talk about it.
It was like one big happy family.
Because it was a talk station.
Sir, this isn't a talk station.
Don't you understand?
It's a sports station and we're here screw it up for them.
Okay, with these big numbers for 10 years.
That's all they want on a year.
They don't want entertainment.
That's why they don't call it sports and entertainment.
We discussed that about a hundred years ago.
Instead of this all sports radio, one of them immediately, women are going to listen.
They're not a single one of them.
What about 10 women listening?
Five.
The number of women we have listening when the ratings come out.
It doesn't even make a dent on the Richter scale.
It doesn't even go like not even a little bit.
Not even like that.
Sports talk and then that's it.
Like I said, Bruce Beasley sat there with that lunch that with Fat ass Jolly Jolbell and Norma Kent and me.
And said, we're going to come hell or high water.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, and then they went out and got to dolphins.
And since then we've been going in the toilet and the crapper.
That was a great acquisition, boys.
Let me tell you.
Let me congratulate you.
Let me just give you a big slap on the fat ass Joe from Mendis' acquisition.
That's really putting us over the top.
In addition to which they're going to stink anyway.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry Wayne.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, I'm Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey, I got a few gay friends and they claim to always be able to identify who's gay and who's not.
And I swear without exception, these conservative guys that really speak out about gay.
They fit that profile.
Yeah.
Brown back, delay.
Brown back, delay.
It's amazing.
It's amazing.
I asked them.
Exactly.
Okay, whatever you say.
Yeah, I can smell in a mile away baby.
Trust me like a Miss Fudge.
Oh brother, the first time I remember she came in the studio that time with the Lynn Samuel.
The first time, the only time.
Well, whatever the hell time it was.
I don't know.
I'm just, I'm just three.
I live on a driver day.
Oh, I had no idea who it was.
I guess because of his many appearances on TV with that same soy hat and that same big chrome
dome ahead to you.
You assume I had some idea who he was.
Not that I could care.
In fact, he impressed me.
Although not, that would be a shot.
I was going to say he impressed me almost as much as Joel Feinberg.
No.
Sorry Miss Matt.
Sorry.
You're fair.
No, nobody impressed me that little.
I wish you could have been privy to hear the call.
We would have said, this is a guy who's like a, I think the fancies himself as a radio
big shot.
It's like a, like a businessman.
The name tells normal.
Oh, I don't deal with middleman.
I don't need middleman.
I make big deals all the time.
Implying I guess any thought he was going to make some kind of a deal with me, which
sounds a little, I don't know.
A little sub-rosa to me.
Not that there was ever any discussion of such a thing, but it's certainly right on a
borderline like Tippy Tongue, right around it, doesn't it?
And Neil's been begging me to rescue him for years.
Talk about hallucinatory, and when you have an enormous amount of somebody else's money,
you can run around being a big shot.
And of course you can also act like a spoiled child when somebody doesn't do the bidding
right away, like when I wouldn't call him back.
Neil's agent is jerking me around and bop-bop-bop-bop-bop.
You forwarded that to me.
Yep.
You do remember that.
That's a good sign.
That's good.
Oh, you know I smoke a lot.
It was early on Saturday.
Oh.
No, this was late.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
And I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like,
oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like,
oh, you know I sing.
That's good.
One of the things that you call my love is that I'm like, oh, I'm like, oh, I'm like,
$960.960 P-Bos on award-winning pool, but don't get those numbers out too much because
it irritates certain people out there in ready-land.
And at this point, we can't afford to irritate anybody.
You'll be pleased to know I just got an email from Brandon.
Good.
Not good?
That's great.
And Sean the mouse or whatever he is on here, send me some preacher story that I'll pass
on.
What's too long?
What's too boring.
But he sure is.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, good.
Good.
So a couple of people are coming out of the world.
But not too much, baby.
They've abandoned us.
We're done.
We're finished.
Stick of Fork and us were done.
$5670560 Pound 560 in the resident singular Arlus line.
Fawn's dead as a door nail.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello?
Q-A-M?
Michael Vicline?
Hmm.
Nothing.
No.
And that was our only call.
That was our lonely call.
Sarah Seller.
Like Mo on that bin.
Where's his building?
Cat.
Oh, sorry.
There you go.
That should do it.
Where's the Michael Vic story?
I got it here.
What's going to do it?
He's going to do it.
I'm going to help find out.
What?
That's it.
How's it going?
He'll find out in December what the prison sends if any of you face after judge
except this plea agreement yesterday to a federal dog fighting conspiracy charge.
One of the lowest slime on the face of the earth, Michael Vic, how anybody could defend
him is just indefensible.
It's just unbelievable.
It's a racial thing.
It's a racial thing.
Every time a black person commits any kind of a disgusting, rotes violent crime, it's
a racial thing.
A white person commits a violent crime that he's a slime ball.
Anyhow to go to the slamer forever.
Lock the door and throw away the key.
But if a dark, complexed person commits some kind of heinous, heinous crime, well, it's
a racial thing.
They're picking on him.
Yeah.
Because let's face it all, you know, quarterbacks are into dog fighting.
WQAM, by the way, Brady Quinn played good again for the bronzer the other day.
Chris, sorry.
Yeah, QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
Quick question.
I'm a Pomp and Pomp and I was wondering if there's any way to complain if they should measure
where this other Cuban station keeps coming in and interfering because there's some times
I'm trying to listen and it gets louder when you're on and then sometimes it's not.
Is there who to go?
Who's there to go to?
FCC, man.
Go to the go to the Lord.
When you shot up Chris, FCC, my ass, what are you talking about?
FCC's got going to regulate human radio.
Are you some kind of moron?
Yes, sir.
Go to God, like Howard Beale said.
Go to your guru.
Go to yourselves.
Go to hell.
So that's another thing we got factored in there which I wasn't, nobody made me aware
of that.
In fact, we're getting all kinds of interference with our crappy signal.
Like that.
At least don't know what station are those who do anyway.
It's helpful for the diaries.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just remember, you can't win with a black quarterback.
Yes, right.
That's what I heard.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Especially if he's in jail.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Hello.
I'm here.
I'm listening.
I think you're here.
You say hang on one more time, sir.
Yeah.
Neil.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil, I wonder if you are keeping up with the latest cord thing that's going on here like
the alien from the past.
There's another issue going on in the courts right now.
I don't know.
I don't care about that.
I don't care about that.
Well, it's a child custody case.
Green tooth operative cares about that.
Yeah, well, you know what?
Talk to them about it.
We don't care on this show.
Okay.
Talk to the green teeth.
Call up Aradio Mambi.
Aquabinsema, something like that.
We don't care.
We're under the age of 100, and just barely in my case, and we don't care.
Talk about one dimensional man going back to the well over and over.
It's like us with the dolphins on this station.
That's going to solve all the problems.
That's going to put a big band-aid on all the wounds that Joe Bell has opened up the
last two and a half years, whatever it's been.
Seems like a lifetime, doesn't it?
Yep.
100 years.
Like a lifetime.
What this man knows about talk radio, what he knows about what we're doing, you could
put in a symbol for 4,000 of his fat asses left over in there.
Do you ever chat with him?
Do you ever have an opportunity to have any verbal intercourse?
Anything?
With Joe?
Yeah.
Once upon a time we chatted and then...
I don't mean once upon a time in America, I'm talking about recently since the...
No.
No, not since.
Not since I realize.
How long has he stayed as far away as possible?
We waved to each other in the hall and everything, but I realize that he has the same disease
as the previous guy, so there's no hope.
No, he doesn't have the same disease.
He's just impudent.
Somebody QA in, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yeah.
Calling to take exception with you, with...
You're always knocking CNBC?
Yeah.
You know that the S&P 500 over the last 25 years of the...
Oh, here we go with some statistics about the S&P 500.
Yeah, David hasn't been on that...
Hasn't been on that network in years, Neil, and you're knocking the guy.
He's not even on anymore.
Sure he is.
And David's not on CNBC anymore?
Ted David was on a couple days ago.
No.
He's on XM satellite radio, but he's not on CNBC anymore.
Well, they got the thing on the bottom of the screen wrong because it says morning call
with Ted David, or Webber, says on there.
Oh, they're on the thing wrong.
Well, who cares?
Well, you should.
I don't care.
They all belong in jail.
Let me say the end, including Ted David.
He was part of the crew that put that...
That tech bubble over on the public.
Get out of here.
Go penalty or garbage somewhere else, Mr. Broker, because they don't come no broker
than people who put their money in swill.
The S&P, but it will be, but it will be.
Yeah, come on with your statistics.
I've heard all of that, sir.
I've been through all of that.
Oh, this stuff comes back so fast.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum.
Yeah, right.
You should live so long, okay?
In fact, if Ted David is on CNBC, more power to CNBC.
Doesn't call us anymore, does he?
Since they let him off at death row.
W.A.M., hello?
Just give me the damn ball.
W.A.M., hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
I watched the video.
You talked about a long time ago.
It was called The God of War's Ender.
Right.
It was a great video.
I think that all of them just freaks out their soul.
Check it out.
Okay.
But they won't.
I know that.
And, you know, that's all I have to say.
I'm on material.
Okay, so...
Yes.
The Virgin Mary?
Okay.
Yeah, good.
Oh, you were the one.
Jesus.
973 votes.
Somebody did that.
Somebody did that.
Somebody did the deed.
By the way, speaking of insulting balls.
Yeah.
The U.S. military in Afghanistan expressed regret yesterday after footballs
and distributed kicked off a storm of protest because they bore
Quranic verses as part of the flag of Saudi Arabia.
The Saudis are all bent out of shape.
The U.S. led coalition on Friday dropped toys, including soccer balls,
into the eastern province of coast from a helicopter as part of a goodwill gesture,
aimed to win over support from local population.
The ball showed the flags of several nations, including the Saudi standard.
A few dozen people protested Friday near the provincial capital, saying it was insulting
for text from the Quran to be put on the ground and kicked.
The resentments on Friday, it's an insult to our religion, said one man, named only Pa-Lawan,
who was one of the protesters.
They insult our religion and call it a gift another man.
Gilani sent his eye, said, Gilani, how are you doing, Gil?
The coalition regretted any unhappiness that a spokeswoman kept in Vanessa Bowman,
and wonder if she's kind of an aerial Bowman.
The distribution of toys was part of a hearts and minds campaign, she said.
Deeply, Islamic Afghanistan is sensitive to slugs on Islam,
with days of sometimes deadly protest last year about those cartoons
printed in Europe that were deemed to insult the prophet Muhammad, Hovem and Dhrid.
How do you like that, huh?
In insulting balls, and there's just no hope.
As long as religion is an outlawed all over the world, there is a...
I still say that the best organization in the world is the Freedom of From Religion
in the Madison Wisconsin, any galer, if she's in life.
Yes, she is.
Freedom from religion, that's what we all need.
Not Freedom of Religion, Freedom from Religion, and the people who preach it and practice it
and kill other people because of it.
FFRF.org.
That's the one, a Madison Wisconsin.
Because let me tell you right now, this isn't debatable.
The one thing, forget about charity, forget about faith, forget about...
The one thing religion knows how to do better than anything else, kill some people.
That's it.
A lot of them, as a matter of fact.
What ever happened to him?
Is he still on 850 doing some kind of dolphin crap or something?
I don't know.
Do we care?
I don't.
We sure miss him a lot.
Not.
Nobody QAM, hello?
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're on Ontario, correct?
On what?
In Ontario, Canada.
Yes, sir.
And how far are you from the border from like Buffalo?
About 100 miles.
100 miles?
There's a bridge like off Main Street.
I think it's the Freedom Bridge or something like that.
No, it's the Peace Bridge.
What's the Peace Bridge?
Let me sit again, the Peace Bridge.
The Peace Bridge, okay.
We were in Buffalo, Main Street.
We would do some gambling.
They got a hard rock cut thing.
Got a day's in right over there.
And well, one night we went over to Ontario to have some dinner.
We went over that Boston piece of that.
Yeah.
And we got no farm getting over on the way back.
Oh my God, we had a rent a car and we didn't have any bath ports with us.
But we had our IDs, the Florida and all that.
They took my wife and I in, disseper rooms, they almost stripped the car which was a rent a car.
Yeah.
It was unbelievable.
Well, good, then go to it again, man.
Stayed all out of here.
974 votes on a poll have a thousand and no time at all.
Why didn't he tell us that he went to Boston pieces?
Is there any special reason for that?
Like we had to know that?
You can't complain about the pizza here because there isn't any.
It just blows, man.
It is the worst excuse.
I don't know what it is, eh?
Maybe it's said, bad water.
They're dredging up from Lake Ontario.
I don't know, but if the pizza here sucks.
Oh my God.
But that's my only complaint.
Plus the fact that George got me in touch with Joel Feinbrue.
Not a good, that was uncosure.
Don't do that again.
Hey, I pass along all your messages.
You were, you were, you were doing a green apple quick step all the way from me to get me a report.
Yes you were.
Before I even told you that he's going to think, he's going to make stuff up like you always make stuff up.
Not me.
I don't pass along the messages.
You know, that's the policy for all the things.
You did the right thing and it created a little, a little, little messages.
It gave me an opportunity to, you know, hear what we're dealing with over there.
He is exactly what everybody says he is.
Schmuck.
Oh, Neil, my queen.
God.
Oh, tell the city know for smash hits is added again.
Well, producer Dave Spirin comes the NBA's greatest hit featuring hitmakers like Ron Artek.
Steven Jackson.
And you're man on the.
Never hit.
Just keep on coming.
Well, Ben Wallace.
And Anthony Johnson.
If they were back in here, this CD would be number one.
Winner bullets.
So sit back.
Hoyers ever be there.
Stand up and throw it at your CD.
There is the NBA's greatest hit.
I wonder what is packing.
I've got to be pretty scary.
I would imagine.
Twenty-eighth and five sixty WDQAM.
Oh, so anyway, you know, Senator Larry Craig, who's a busy cabinet.
Yes, yes, yes.
He's got three kids and they're all adopted.
Really now.
Hmm.
Maybe he's, you know, it was a war wound or something.
Yeah, it could be.
Or maybe he wants to make babies that way too, guys.
No, no.
Go ahead.
Hello.
Oh, come here.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I do live with a quick things.
I had a friend come over last weekend from West Virginia and they didn't know who you were.
So I showed them the Wikipedia site.
And on Friday on Wikipedia, they said, you're tied.
I'll just point a second.
Yeah, great.
That's great.
And the other thing is, there's this thing on the...
Anybody who looks up Wikipedia to find out any factual information needs mental help.
Yes, go ahead, sir.
Yeah, I think it could put anything you want.
There's this video about this somehow, this representative from Ohio.
And he was talking that he wanted to pass something called the Oculus penetration bill.
And basically, he wanted to...
And this was real.
He wanted to have a five to ten percent cut down the rate of skull effing, believe it or not.
If you look at it right now, the video is on there.
Okay, great.
Thank you for your articulate information.
5670560, pound 560.
You know something, these calls, man, could put you into a coma.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe that's what Rick Van Winkle was doing before he went with that 20-year nap.
Or maybe a dirt nap might be next in order.
It sounds like it to me.
5670560.
And of course, the Brandon points on it's a good point.
We got a Labor Day weekend coming up.
So this is like the last gasp between now and the next Monday.
Right.
For a lot of vacation.
Maybe there's nobody around.
You think that's possible? That's always a good excuse.
And of course, he also kind of takes a shot at you because you two guys hate each other like poison.
Well, you know the fact that you haven't been on that much this summer and Georgia's on all the time.
Because they all want to hear about Lucy Lopez.
Who takes a shot at me?
Your friend Brandon.
He did?
Well, I mean not like a direct shot, but like a little little little stalk.
I didn't know we hated each other.
That's news to me.
I thought you guys did.
I thought you were wrong.
I didn't know it was him and Noah was him and the courtist.
Josh Corris.
Oh, okay. It's spilling over to you now since Corris isn't there.
Maybe.
Sure.
Whatever.
56670560.
Don't know you stand like you're wounded.
You know, don't take it personally.
It's just a radio show.
Don't take it personally.
No, it's real.
56670560 and pound 560 on the result.
Verizon and singular wireless.
We haven't had a lady today and I'm not going to be pushing for any callers because I did that last week.
And it was a bad mistake.
Bad mistake.
Remember that call?
Oh, yeah.
They didn't coherent bitch.
Sure.
WDQAM.
Hello.
How's it up, Neil?
What do you think about Buffalo Balls?
About what?
Buffalo Balls.
Buffalo Balls?
Go ahead and lunch, pal.
Sounds like it's right up your alley.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hi, people.
You little one here, little pizza.
Hey, there's a little programming note on the history channel.
They actually have those guys who we've changed on.
Did you happen to see that or hear about that?
No, I did not.
Yeah, they were on and talking about it.
And you know, it was like, it was called 9-11 conspiracy.
And fact, I believe it was on a couple of days ago.
And they keep on changing it because some of the stuff gets debunked.
Right.
And some people were actually agreeing with some of the things that they were saying, like, you know,
the popular mechanics at 19, whatever.
They were debating probably about 75% of it and then 25% of it they agreed with.
But it's pretty good show.
It was nice to watch it.
You have to see it on television.
And also another good one on PBS for buying more by Bill Moria.
It was pretty good.
Okay, thanks, pal.
I have a rate to it.
5.670560, Pond 560, and a Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Maybe we are pulling teeth today.
And it must be one or why I think it is, it's because the Kenny and Bo Morning Show is going off.
Don't you think that might be a good one?
That's it.
That's it.
I think that's what it is.
It's been, we're going to lose a lot of audience out there because the Kenny and Bo Morning Show is departing after this week.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Kenny and Bo.
In fact, we got Kenny and OJ on Thursday.
That to me is just, that is blasphemy.
That just, it's unbelievable.
That to QIM, hello.
Hey, Leo, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Quick question.
What happened to Joe Rose in those old situations?
A fact of a little station?
He's coming to 5.650.
He's coming over here, but it's a big secret as to what the day is and we aren't promoting it.
Are you guys there for morning again?
Which maybe we can't because they still under contract there till September 3rd or something like that
So assuming that they have to September 3rd
He's coming
All right, thank you. See you and so is
Sook is is coming to
98 and a pull by 12
Well, I'm about 1230 will have that thousand votes and then Chris can sit back in a chair all fat and sassy
Of course, even if we don't have the thousand votes, he can sit back in a chair and still be fat and sassy
5 6 7 here's that number again read my lips 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line
What's your take on Michael Vick?
Now you taking calls on either what?
Oh, who took one but it was a mistake. Oh good. Thank God. WQAM you're right. It was a mistake QAM. Hello
Neil, you're sir. How are you? Okay, listen. I'm gonna be your browns opening game in Cleveland
I don't think Brady's starting but I was wondering I got a problem. I'm taking my mom and she doesn't want to go to the game
Is anything in Cleveland? I could dump process. Sometimes you know
Well, what do I know about Cleveland? I haven't been there in 45 years. Yeah
Well, I don't know. I just want to go out to have the baby by no time. Don't be off at the lake. She can be the next mistake by the lake
Okay, just don't be like Erie
They got a lot of other garbage in here. No problem 990 on a pull. We're getting there baby. Count them down
WQAM. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
Uh, you know, you have a little bit that you do by Tom Jones. What's new pussy crack? You have that?
Uh
They're on fire today. Yeah, you guys have really got the great image here along today
5 6 7 I'm just gonna keep pumping the numbers because I remember the days when I used to do that we used to have big numbers in those days
They like me although that one guy hates the numbers
All you do is the pulls the pulls its numbers near you mailing it in well the phone numbers are numbers too
But I guess maybe they're more entertaining
And if I just would be a little bit more creative I could make a real entertaining like 5 6 7
Oh 8 5 60. Yeah like that entertaining any literate WQAM. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yeah, I got a question for you. This is this is coming from a strictly non-religious person
Uh, what's the big deal with religion? I mean what do you find that's wrong with it? I mean
What do I find that's wrong with it?
If a minority if a minority of extremists in every sect of religion that make for the negative impact
But the majority of the world which is third world
Goodbye daily because of the influence that religion has on the life they get by daily because of it or they suffered daily
Because of the fact that other people are persecuting because they don't believe the same puritails
Sir you started off by saying that you don't believe in religion and that's the biggest crock of crap
In my life
For what it is? I don't respect the negative act a tool of hate a tool of hate and slaughter
What I don't respect their extremist is lawless what I don't respect are extremist Christians in this country
Well, what I do respect what about extremist Jews?
As soon as I have a problem with every extremist sect of religion
But the majority of this world which is third world they need something greater than complete chaos
They need a fairy tale is what you're saying in other words instead of giving them something something
something like an education and like a skills to get to earn a living
Give them fairy tales that's doing a hell of a job pal. It's doing a great job
Do you ever hear such a thing in your life all the time you do for a certain unfulfilled non-believer?
Yeah, right they're called liars first of all that's correct
By the way, you'll be pleased to know with the retirement of DJ Ms. Kennedy its voice in nearly 50 years
Croverage Presbyterian Church will move away from its founders political activism and anti-Semitism
The focus on finding a successor and shaping the church's future Croverage leader said yesterday
He returned to the age of 76 on Sunday and on too soon after he severed cardiac arrest in December
DJ Ms. Kennedy one of the most a bigot one of the most obnoxious disgraceful disgusting slime balls every two uh
Grace out Florida
DJ Ms. Kennedy
Would you think about that
994 when we finish this break will have a thousand votes and then we'll be on our way
Hey man, bitch. I ain't f***ing come out
This station presents real American heroes
You
Today we salute you Mr. Vacation Countdown guy
We all enjoy going on vacation, but you enjoy reminding everyone at the office every 10 minutes that your vacation is just weeks
Then days then hours then minutes away
Why do you
Mr. Vacation Countdown guy think the entire accounting department gives a flying rip about the precise time remaining before you leap or can
We just pray you get sick
So the next time you're at a meeting and a guy says I won't miss these meetings when I'm on vacation
Give him a knowing nod acknowledging that you can't wait for him to be gone
Because he's mr. Vacation Countdown guy a real American hero
What does that lose your do around here anyway from 33
27 to one at five sixty-one to come we have a thousand one votes. Let's hear it
All right is right all right and let's see here's a story
US preparing massive military attack against Iran who cares about that? What does it have to do with Michael Vick?
right
Right what would I waste my time with that? What would anybody want to hear that crap when we can talk about Michael Vick and M dogs
5 6 7 0 5 60 what we got a lot of line a lot of vacancies now as with somebody would say
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on a Verizon singular wireless line
Here's our call Q a n hello. I don't know. Okay. Hey. Let me ask you something
It's a Joel thinkberg isn't it illegal for him to try to contact you while your contract is with Kim well not really
I mean it's a little bit on kosher, but legally he didn't offer. Yeah, he wasn't you could be considered contact
Contract tampering if you offered me a job. He didn't do that. Oh, we didn't get to that point
You got a conversation with you. What it didn't get to the stage where actually sat down and had any any conversation
One brief conversation on the phone that is correct. What a freak. Well, he's a rudimentation. I hope he doesn't try to tamper with you and ruin you
Okay, see you
Well listen if anybody knows about ruining radio stations. This is the place baby. Oh, yeah
This is the place and if they you know if the trailer to come out in Friday and that was the first time we'll ever send anything
I mean, it would be like sour grapes, right?
Right, but if I'd have been sitting here screaming and gnashing and wailing for like weeks and months and like
Forever and day about these things about all of these things
Then maybe somebody might say
I mean nobody did want to hear freaking Alex Marvets and freaking even spilling and freaking all these other freaking ideas
You know what I mean? What do you mean?
I mean
Who wants to hear that crap?
Maybe not many people
Nobody QA and hello hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to know about Joe Rosen
He sold his ivory tuss to an antique shop and Dana Beach
And he sold his ivory tusks
Is that supposed to be a joke? I don't know. They should let us know what it's gonna be. Yeah, let us know what we're supposed to laugh
Okay, sir call us back and let us know at what point
WQA and hello deal. Yes, sir
Do you think the demise of the show as they think that it's a great one leaving? Yeah
WQA and hello when you have a footy and
Bo camp are leading into your show. I don't know what what else you would expect because
Bo campers is boring as you could possibly imagine there's a young kid over in Palm Beach
Evan Cone who actually would do a pretty good job and he's somewhat fresh for this this mark
You mean Evan Cone who's fishing all the time
What's that Evan Cone this station all over the place all the time
Yeah, but I think he's more of a villain
I think if we had him on a full-time basis maybe to you know, it's at least it's a different sound. It's a different voice
Doing what what they what they party you're suggesting Evan Cone ought to be on what why can't you get him on the the morning drive like
Joe Rose is gonna be doing more now
The afternoon I know hands are fine to yours, but my god. He's getting a little fail. Yeah
Okay, okay. Thank you. What do you think Evan Cone? What do you say Chris? Yes, sir? Why not you are now? Come on? Come on
No, I told you I like Evan Cone something. Well, you what I told you I like Evan Cone's good on air
You said he was horrible on the air
Evan Cone or somebody did somebody wrote me or maybe with somebody on my space. I don't know somebody said he was awful just horrible
I mean, there was a fact that I read a few who hell knows I don't know
The problem isn't the personalities the problem is the content. Don't you people understand? Okay
I should give my break because they're not radio experts either radio listeners just because you listen to the radio doesn't mean you understand it
People want some entertainment. They want some amusement. They want something other than just freaking scores and sports writers and a same ball ball crap over and over again
That's a good word ball crap. I just invented a word night and just because I'm illiterate
You don't like that word? I like it a lot use it a lot as opposed to bull crap ball crap
Mm-hmm
Give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball saying old tire with the guests. Oh with a ponderous guests
Oh, Alex, you're so great Alex. Thank you so much for stopping by I think the Kenny and both morning show basically put this station on the verge of extinction
That may be going a little bit over the top. I mean we've suffered through mo
Ingelli and a lot of others swill on this station, but my god. Oh
Alex
Thank you so much for stopping by and what's the broad they had on a couple times a week that was also getting paid to come by
Julia get back to who Julie the kept acting like she was just a stop and buy to the kindness of her heart because she felt sorry for them
something because she was bored
Nobody stop and buy everybody's getting paid to destroy those shows
paid Chris you ought to you ought to be in tears now about that
The kind of nickels and dimes of the video and they're paying these guys to destroy our audience
Alex freaking marvez and Ethan Skolik with a smelly ball movements
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil how you doing boss okay sir you're enjoying the summer break schedule that you got going on yes. I sure am. I love it
Hey, I just want to let you know that I think George is doing a really good job
And you're not there and maybe they should even think about leaving the uh the summer schedule all full time because
Excellent sound like a look to me. That's a horrible idea
I don't think so I think it's a good crappy idea that's a great idea sir from your mouth to their ass. Thank you so much
Let's do it all year long 24 7 388 days a year man
George Monday Wednesday Thursday and Friday and Neil and occasional candy one Tuesday sounds horrible unless they pay me
2015 but I was speaking of paying you now did you tell the thing on the year we can't I won't say the client
But Gary Sarner are
We will see you mention it. Yeah, he comes to George
Maybe a spot that was on a log yesterday a live spot any you know for an account that's buying the show
The new Roger show that I do and I want to him because I asked him about that. I was gonna ask him about that copy
Yeah, and he says to you will you do the spot will you help us out?
And you say if I get paid in other words, it's the only way you can do that for a live spot
And oh no, no, no, I think you know
We thought you would help us out that if now we'll just have to move this spot. We thought you would help us out
Gary Sarner you are so slimy man. You're like the barnacles on the bottom of a ship
And believe me being on the bottom of the ship is something we can relate to right now
Thank you, Johnny, Joey, you're still on the baby
You want a lottery pop little boy? No
I get to do what
Nothing
You kept an ass something really stupid on TV
The Constitution making junk and now you got nothing you have to say believe it
You can be bothered to meet nothing
You might learn something without the meaning of the
You keep those as you please
Say the lending to the banks the price of gas was out of the me
Look folks productive administration
In the history of our nation, but you won't see that in TV
That has left kind of information
That's what the nation
Won't need much of a seed
We are spreading the Constitution
We are carrying up the bill of rights
Because we are telling Americans that no matter what your business is
You are subject to the unscathed plan
Irresponsible scrutiny of the Attorney General and others without a court intervention
Is that the former Attorney John?
When you look when you're in their chains
All the bothers up to me
The neoconsize me
Soon those great dreams will be a cover
When you don't give out the rubble
They come for you eventually
Okay, everybody get ready, tap your right foot down, stick your hand out of the stall and grab whatever you can
It's 1246-14-1-5-16-WDQ-I-N
1025 votes on that pool
How many say white people are the most discriminated against?
26
What about young people?
Okay, that fits
I think that fits the pool
Sure
What group in our society is the most discriminated against
You don't have very seldom to see like young people discounts
Right
When you have senior citizen discounts
And of course a lot of millionaires and billionaires are out there
Oh, let me have my senior citizen discount
People who need like a hole in the head
Or as they say in Sweden like a locking cup
Nobody QAM, hello
Hey, how you doing?
Okay sir
I've got a couple things I want to throw at you about the programming
Now they haven't had a good, I don't remember really the last time I enjoyed listening to QAM in the mornings
But what made them think at any time
Campo camper was going to be good
I mean I personally can't listen no more than three seconds
What you're asking me
Yeah, but I mean when they when they had their meeting of their minds
As small as they are
They're behinds right
And they decided that they were going to go ahead and create this new morning team
Yeah
Did they listen to tapes before?
And they never have to listen to tapes
He's been doing weekends on IOD and I'm a station for a hundred years
He's dollar than a 700 year old razor blade and always has been and always will be
And they decided that he's the kind of person they want to put on a year in the morning and it was a dismal failure
But now Mo is a failure now
Yes, okay, but not like these guys. I mean Mo listen Mo on his worst days never had numbers like they do
No, I know that but I mean what you're going here. I mean we can talk for hours of
All the megeldi he couldn't even
The week
And it's I can't even my whole my radio's about right to blow up
Nice
Nice to go over there by the way Joel getting gildi nice job
Okay, and in closing yes
Greg and Andy still hey you okay great good
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5
And they've arrived in singular wireless good news thank god for that and hopefully neither one of them will send me a friend request in my space
Because the answer will still be go away great
12 48 12 minutes to learn a q-am is we're squeaking it out baby. Oh boy. I have to really come back on Thursday
And then next week Tuesday and Thursday and then a week into that and I noticed there are big billboards
Monday September 10th neo-riders comes back full time you see the big billboards
Mm-hmm and the huge newspaper ads and gigantic promotional campaign. We're getting here at QA
Oh, sorry
WDQ and hello hey at the end of a hard work day at weekend. Okay. How is whisper when I whisper that means I'm an a-hole
That I think how is this the same thing like like it's going to be some kind of a surprise
When he hears the dial tone
Idiot moron
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 leave a rise in singular wireless line very very weak if we had one lady called the day no
not one
And I'm checking in my space thing there's nobody on there. I mean nobody you know shaw him with the mouse or whatever that thing is
Felix the cat
The you know angi-symbedium sent me something I guess how the sympathy and Brandon a couple of messages and that's it
It's got to be the Labor Day holiday if it's not the Labor Day holiday
I'm going to tell you right now. Where's going to start playing music like September 10th?
Hey now
Well, no if you if you think I'm going to endure this every day five days a week
I'd rather read the telephone the Chinese telephone book like we get to work at least keep your chill
It's printed with lead ink
WQ
WQ a m hello
Hi, how you doing?
Okay, it's a lady. I think
Welcome. Yes. You better believe it. Hi George. Yo. Yo. I just want to thank you for the anti sports show
It's so refreshing
I I've been listening for a long time, but I never have the balls to call so
um
I just it's so sad. I think people discriminate against people with brains
And that's why sports is so popular because it's easy
There's nothing wrong with sports, but it's like you who wants to talk about it all day long
To talk about the same crap on and on and on and on it's just I can't even relate to those kind of people think they have a center taining
Yeah, and it's like and plus the sports people make so much money
And it's it's ridiculous. It's like why what do you care about these people?
Let's talk about some scientists
Right. Oh, yeah, that'll be the day. Right. Yeah, I know I wanted to ask you. I know this is really stupid
But since you wanted a lady caller. Here's my stupid question. Okay
Since you and I have the same taste and men
Mm-hmm. What do you think of who would you like better or land a bloom or jarard butler
Orlando bloom
Yeah, I'm breaking I don't even know who you are about for is he was in the 300 Phantom of the Opera
It's told for Neil he would like to some of the other guys in there
300 oh the younger guys
The younger guys you like buff buff or do you like a pleasantly lean
Pleasantly lean yeah, I like that too
I don't like muscular men. No, not for me to to to uh imposing all right
This we'll see I say okay see a five
5 6 7 0 5 60 Brady Quinn playing up the game for the Browns the other day
I think he's not going to be starting but he's starting to make a little bit of a move there Chris on you naysayers
Oh, that often still want him. He's a fairy you face something to brother. Yeah, we don't like his new haircut too bad
1031 votes. I wouldn't be surprised if we make it to 1100 day that in the middle of the summertime in a week before
Labor Day that would be just yeah, unspeakable, you know, you know, what it would mean
What nothing
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. I can I compliment that call
Uh anyway, I'd pleasure to be connected with you here, um, and I've been doing for a number of years of course and
You know, what for a number of years? I've been doing of course with you for a number of years and
Every day is you know
Pleasantly different and you're coming from New York, you know, Queen was the you know the Queen of Media was
His house turning those days and moving down of course, I have the privilege of
Working in the evenings so I get to listen and religiously and rub off on some of the sports stuff
I want to carry over to the man dogs, but I never last reports. I am enjoying the content
And I hope you're doing a wonderful very nice to have you. I second that
Tuesday Thursday schedule
Uh, I think George does an excellent job by tuning in religiously if I say and of course, uh, okay, thanks
56705 60 pound five 60 leave rising singular wireless line. Whoo
Is all I can say
Heavy duty emphasis on the duty part WDQ. Wait and hello
Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, we are high George
You're a big shot. Yeah, how you doing? Yeah, okay, okay, well, I'm gonna say again. George is still recovering from the last call. Go ahead sir
It's a minute. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it. I do it every time you call you say that and I'm talking over you when you say it
Oh, well, I'm sorry because I was thinking about you this morning and then being old like I am and you are
I forgot to say it on a year you got out of the right time. Maybe I'll take it that
It sounds like it. What's going on? God not lunch, man. Well, can I do the shameless plug? Sure
Okay, I'm gonna be the local host for the NDA
Telephone this Labor Day weekend on Sunday night and on the Monday so uh all you folks will be out there watching
Hopefully we'll help raise some money and find a cure for muscular dystrophy. I'm taking check things over place very good for you
Yeah, well, it's gonna be a long weekend, but it's a worthy cause and I thank you for the chance to let everybody know we're gonna be out there
I'm gonna raise some money
So how are you doing? I'm doing great Neil God bless retirement. I'm up at 4 o'clock in the morning these days. I'm on the way home
Sounds like a deal to me. Take care of yourself, man. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Thank you. Bye-bye
Every time he calls in it's like you have to tell me it's him. It must be my old age or maybe my hearing is going bad
Or maybe he just doesn't you know, I mean mumbles. Maybe you have the hearing aids
Don't start with that crap again. Now he's a great guy. Yes, he is. He's still listening. Let's hear it
Ricky Tiki Shaw, like I said, he got out of the right time
When radio died
wicked death
And of course we got some people to rake you in more really working overtime to make sure that we are right in line and we don't want to be out of step
If radio is dead, we want to be deader than anybody else. I think we're in the running
You think oh, yeah, based on what I'm seeing on the phone here today. I think we got a good shot
1037 but don't forget we got to dolphins now baby. That's all we need
You are listening to Neil rush. Oh, this is on this is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hour
Goodbye
You're flaming me. Oh, come on. How now?
Now you'll have more time for Jeff Gardens you can rest and comfort you
While you tickle his poopy
Dooh
Get dirty take it back at you
And a lousy dancer
Wish calling you a turd blossom is the only truth that he said
Since his ass is where you kept your head
I'm looking for the pungus the president
Come and eat queer and prepare a beer
Get the hell out of here
Yeah, lying trader
Say bye bye and don't hide it to be
Goodbye
Justice
Read this
Still
If you want to put your tongue in some republic
Raccoon's plenty good paste in republican boyfriend
So I did my homework in NFL forfeit is two to nothing is a final score
I don't know if there's ever been one but that would be the final score if a NFL game were forfeited
If the other team is suited up and ready to play and one team don't share a walk or day or whatever
To nothing
Don't you feel like you learned something they Chris? Yes, definitely
We sound the fact that there's nobody in town or there's no audience left or that both of the above
We do have a thousand forty seven boats on the impulse pretty impressive if you ask me it is
Five six seven can we do the one to two hour can we make it through I don't know how you've been surviving
Doing three to three weeks of this brutal, you know, I do my best
Like this like yeah, like this like point teeth
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line a pretty grim and slim response
And then the one guy that responded to my story about the Joel fiber
Gonna hold you let happen over the weekend. He also turned out to be kind of a goofball
That would be Q. I.M. Hello, and come here. This is definitely not Rick Shaw good. Okay. Want to get that out good?
But I mean yeah, well, yeah, I get it
I just wanted to say that the only reason I could see that anybody would be interested in
Listening to sports all day is if they're degenerate gamblers
That is the only reason that anybody could be so interested in men's health
athletic ability and all this other stuff is if they've got one
I mean, that's got nothing to with sports that has to do with gambling yeah, there's a difference between a sports talk show and a gambling show
Well, but I don't know the people that are gambling. I mean they want to know who's healthy who's not you know all that kind of
God, I mean, I think it's that that's for it. I really talk about neurocasting
Otherwise, I just have no no desire. I mean, I like to participate in sports
I like to do things. I'm active. I work out
But I certainly don't want to watch other guys do things like I think it's something that George says and I agree
Well, no, I don't agree with either one of you. I love sports. I'm a big hockey fan. I'm a big NFL fan
I even watch a little baseball this summer not too much, but but but I don't want to hear people talk about it all day
You know if I'm interested in the game. I'll watch the game. We're all go to it
I don't want to hear people analyze it for 20 hours every day
Well, that's fair enough. I mean, I've been the you know dolphin games from time to time and you know
I'll watch the highlights and the lowlights on the news and you know see what's going on
But I mean, that's it. That's enough
That's all I can say. I'm out of material
Okay, I'll see the volume
5 6 7 come on. Let's give a little enthusiasm for this lifestyle. Let's pretend there's some interest. I'm going to put hockey on
I'm making me
Yes, where's my audio here on my TV?
I'm turning it back up high for another cover attack
One would will dump it in and here to the big
All you need to do the full checking while the trip is changing
Must be must be a crappy leaf TV. I bet you can fight a hockey game with better audio than that
Isn't that what we want to do?
Because we don't want to stand in their way of
The active NHL player they have always blue joggers
Motionlessly here in Buffalo. Well too bad screw that in Buffalo. Okay
Screw them. What are they got?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and a Verizon singular wireless line the my space thing is still dead as a door now
We're just we're just swimming upstream. Okay, let's wait till actor Labor Day and see how it all shakes out
You know I or maybe Joel Feinberg put a curse on my studio while I wasn't looking I could have been it
WDQ I remember all the technical problems we had right voodoo or just him. Yeah Q.A.M. Hello
Hi, is this me? This is you and me. Yeah. All right. How you doing Neil great?
I've been listening to Q.A.M. for about 10 years and I don't think there's ever really been a time where you guys have had a morning show like where you know before your show
That has really been a you know any kind of a winner
But what about what about when Stern was on oh? Yeah, that was that was great
I mean you could just listen to him on FM. Why would you? Why would anybody listen to him on a?
Yeah, you mean the way it was all butchered up like a piece of Swiss cheese with all the dumps. Yeah
No, that's the only way I'd have it
Why don't they just have you tell the story about how you got arrested for masturbating in a movie theater? Oh, yeah, we can do that all day
You want to hear about that? That's not the idea. Good. I'm really happy for it. Hey
WDQ I am hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Just want to let you know I like listening to you and George
But I also enjoy listening to the man bargain afternoon
Um, I can't listen to the hankies this to hangry all the time. It just sounds like he's always pissed off
As I'm Andrew why? Yeah, I don't know why either, but I mean when he was out in the morning
I think that was really bad because nobody wants to do a guy pissed off in the morning. Mm-hmm. We're all pretty pissed off anyway
That would only you yep
Okay, see you pali don't be pissed off now be happy put on a happy face
Put on a happy pus
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line WQ a m hello
Neil yes
Then you know you know
Uh-oh row number okay WQ a m hello
Q a m
Going once WQ a m hello hello
Can you hear me? I hear you okay you're the best I first started listening to you in 87
And I actually used to date someone who would hang out at the track and when he was in high school
And he talked to you with his friends and he said you were like the best guy
You had your your stokies and just had a great time at the track. Yeah, those are the days
You still do that? No all my track friends are all dead
Oh
What happens when you get old all your friends are dead, you know? Yeah
So what do you do to like get out of a funk of Miami or South Florida?
Do you make a mistake? I stay out of South Florida as much as possible. Okay. I'm right now
Oh, you're in Toronto. Yeah
Well, I listened to you for so long that I had to stop because of the executive type like you have at your station
I had to get satellite
Any chance you're going with satellite? No
Okay, well I I wish I had more to say I really doing
What does that mean? I had to stop because of the executive types that we had on the stand-in
Well, because of your programming it really is
Not fun to listen to I think you're talking about joys the restrictions the yeah
And and um
I can see you're but you're but you're taking time out to call me to tell me how it's not fun to listen to the show
Well
That's nice
Well, I really I still like you which is so it's just that the show sucks, yeah
Well, yeah, the commercials and stuff now I'm used to no commercials
Well, listen, I hope you have a good time with your satellite, okay?
Okay, thanks. Wow
South Florida welcome home, baby
Man
You know that expression like I always tell you miss relapse company
There's living and breathing and walking and talking proof right there
She can't listen anymore because of the executive types and she's on the satellite radio
But somehow she must be listening now why would she be calling if she wasn't listening
Unless you just wanted to share that little tidbit with me
5670560 give Joel a big kiss to by the way that's probably your old finder's girlfriend
Is a girlfriend I have no idea
I
Will always chief be to the order. Wtc. Way in hello
Hello, yes, I'm sorry a neo-a just want to call you change to the topic a little bit
Uh tell you how great our governor is
Uh, I'm a firefighter mt out in Collier County, Naples. Yeah, and because it was beautiful tax reformer has I longed my job
Yeah, you know and me and alongside 15 others were all being laid off because the budget cuts because it's
a tax reform also save $10 on my taxes
Well, there you go pal. I should the keep you going for a couple minutes
Yeah, I mean he promised us nobody was gonna get laid off, you know
Those jobs are gonna be long. He's gonna get laid well not by him. Yeah, it's for damn sure. Okay. We're good luck to you pal good luck
That's the way life goes 1056 baby on the pole while we're kicking ass on that
Out on the phone so much phone is as weak as could be in fact, I can't remember last time
What was this of course? I can't remember last time I took calls
Which is probably why I'm in such a good mood
56705 60 pound five 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line
WQ a hello
Michael vick over and over again on the news. I'm getting sick of it. Neil you imagine to kill
Terrace's dog and took off in OJ's Bronco
What these days by coped up Lindsey low-hand holding Whitney's babies and causes Princess Diana to crash in the Indian's fire yard
Where they bury in in the close list body before Terry Shiver blood gets pulled. Can you imagine the news then?
ha ha ha ha ha
See it goes to show you three hours and ten minutes and we finally got a call
Amen
Professor Bob Oh, sorry
The US suggested yesterday the latest round of rumors of ailing Cuban leader for del Castro's death might have been started by the government
I would say that the Cuban government's always been very good at stirring the news then stirring the nest
Whenever they felt the need to say Gonzo Gallego say Steve department spokesman
I can't say whether or not this is something else that is happening.
He said, when commenting on talking among Cuban exiles and echoed by four news outlets,
especially in Florida, that the England Castor 81 had died.
I guess this is the big scuttlebuck down there besides Michael Vick, his castor was dead,
which he's not.
It was, I guess, for a day.
Galatio said he didn't believe Castor was dead.
I don't have any reason to believe that.
He's been seen in photographs and videos last at which year I'm June 5th.
Castor's bump.
What about Brutonette Castor?
She's still alive?
I think she's dead, isn't she?
I don't know.
So if she, if Brutonette Castor were dead, wouldn't that mean that Castor was dead?
Oh, line one, which hasn't the WDQA and H.O.
NEO.
Yes, sir.
I don't have anything to offer, but since I'm a South Florida, I just call the complainant
about the other calls.
Take care.
Great.
Good job.
Thank you.
And well said, really weak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0, 0
0, 0, 0. This is CNN tonight. It's the CNN YouTube debate for the first time in debate history questions will come directly from the Internet submitted on YouTube.
So let the conversation begin.
Hillary, if you were elected, would you support some problems that were created?
We don't want to solve problems and I admit I would like to literally just knock our country off course.
Obama, what's your opinion on the other candidates?
This campaign can't only be about me.
It must be about me. Only me, me, me, me.
Hillary, I'm a campaign trail.
What do you and do have to say?
On front porches and factory floors and in hospital boards, fast food restaurants and supermarkets check out lines, everywhere I go.
Hillary, what's your favorite hobby?
Corner graphic television.
C.M.A.
117 at 560 W.F.M.
We got the man down coming up at 2 o'clock.
And we got 1067 votes in the poll.
We're going to make 1100 a day, Chris.
You can mark that down on your ass.
All right, I'm marking it down now.
Isn't this going to be a banter day if we make 1100?
Yeah, no.
No, because the colors have been brutal.
And very slim, slim and grim.
Can't complain about the quantity, the quality has sucked.
567, 0560 and 0560 under Verizon's secular wireless line.
A town that hasn't done anything to save for, what, 20 years?
Well, last time these people had anything to say.
Oh, anything.
I'll tell you when, alien.
Yeah.
And then there was the same thing, but at least they were saying it loud and frequently.
W.D.Q.A.M. Hello.
A Guneo?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, sir?
First of all, I want to say George did a phenomenal job where you work on.
But then again, what do I know?
Second thing is I work at a club on South Beach.
And on Friday night we had a special guest today at about 2.30am morning.
He actually played, are we really doing it?
Are we doing it?
Okay.
And about, I saw about 15 to 25 people actually singing along, so they have to be nearly.
I'll be there.
And I was saturday night at the same club.
Barack Obama had a fundraiser.
Right.
He is the man.
He got my vote to help with everybody.
There's both 10 times for Obama.
Everybody, let's go right now, start voting.
Okay.
Thank you, everybody.
See you, pal.
You almost have to be me to want to play that because it's green heaven as long.
But I'm not going to do that.
That would be a cop out one.
All right.
All right.
Huh?
You don't play a dude.
Double dog dare you.
I keep it down.
I'm not doing it.
I'm not doing it.
I think he should.
Any more than I'm playing.
Oh, look at that.
I'd like to go to the audition line.
That's what happens when you get all of it.
I knocked this down.
Oh.
Oh.
God.
Come on, Clever.
I don't know how much you're paying that stiff.
But take some of that money you were given to Alex Marvez.
And even the Manasya school like there to destroy our ratings.
And give that to, you know, some production guy.
Chris.
Come up with something new and different and fresh.
Something fresh.
Jesus.
God.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, Dave?
I'm doing pretty good.
Hey, a couple things.
I agree with you on that.
We need some fresh material.
Back back to him.
Bow and Kenny.
They got to go.
And I hope when they go, I hope they knock him a silence and take him off.
Okay, great.
Watch your language, now, pal.
Okay, this is not the back of the day.
He said, GD, I had to dump that.
Oh, look at that.
That light was like stuck on there.
Oh, but I shut it off there, fix it.
I think fix it, diddle with something this morning.
I think you should, uh, grease it.
And the button to.
Okay.
Okay.
I'll.
Can't set any form.
And the votes are purring in on that pool.
Not that anybody here is including me, but never let it.
At least that's something, you know.
When you've got 1,075 people listening, that's a lot more than some of the shows.
Speaking of Kenny and Bow.
We got Kenny and OG on Thursday.
It's just like a forfeit baby.
Forfeit.
That's what Joe well has done.
He's forfeited to deal.
Here you go, Joel.
Here you go.
We're handing him over to you, baby.
Although at the same time, we're handing them the marlins and the, and the panthers, which in the winter time, their nighttime numbers will be invisible.
Oh.
Starting with that.
Like that.
And the marlins, of course, they'll lose their ass on that too, because they won't be able to show that.
Those are the same marlins who lose every day who are playing the abrasion tonight.
Correct.
That's the team.
WDQA and Hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you've got a stavey max.
That's the thing.
WDQA and Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Um, can they take the square table over to Man Talk and talk to men about other men?
Oh, I forgot about that.
I got the square table.
Let them over the top or not.
And you could have the...
And don't forget about gay or not gay.
And Ethan Skolnik in the tea room.
Yeah.
I mean...
Seems to me, Bo Camper spends an awful lot of time in the tea room, man.
He's seeing guys doing it in each other in the tea room.
We sniffing guys, Bob movements in the tea room.
He spends an awful lot of time in that tea room.
And you know that little crossover you came up with with Hank and Mandage.
Oh.
Just not working.
With Hank and Mandage.
Yeah.
That's our highest rated hour in the afternoon, sir.
Is it really?
Yes.
Uh, when I hear it, two giant egos talking over each other.
Yeah.
So there's a difference between saying you don't like it, which you're entitled, you know, or saying it's not working, which it is.
It is, and not at least compared to everything else.
It's not translating into Hank's numbers after the power power, though, is it?
Or Mandage is before it, either.
Are they in really in the tooth?
Let me sit again in July 2.1 in the afternoon.
Oh my God.
Then that's exactly what I was saying.
Listen, give Joel a big kiss for us, okay, pal?
Never heard.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, uh, and pound 5, 60, and they've arisen in singular wireless line.
Now we're going to get that Roger's.
We're going to put a whole bunch of crap on here.
We're going to, I mean, as if they haven't been doing it all along anyhow.
With the fake calls and the crank calls and the, you know,
like the bitch that called before about, oh, you know, it used to be so great,
but I can't listen to you anymore because the executives there,
and I'm on satellite now.
Well, good.
Don't sit on the satellite too long.
I could ask for an okay.
She's on the satellite now, but she loves me, though.
She likes me.
She just hates the show.
Wasn't that quite a little backhand compliment?
Or am I just taking it wrong?
Well, you know, we've gotten a lot of that.
So a lot of what?
A lot of those kinds of comments.
From people who are intended to not listening anymore, but they still are?
Yeah, and people who still listen, but say, you know, I still listen, but it ain't what it used to be.
Well, of course, well, we know that.
We know that.
I mean, you know, I'd like to see a lot of people out there who are like doing a job,
whatever you're doing, which requires any kind of ability.
And like, for example, being a pitcher at a baseball team since we're those sports intensive on this station
and having somebody come out there with a rope and tie your hands together before the game starts.
What he's supposed to do is shove the ball up to the plate with your nose.
He's supposed to kick it up there like in soccer.
He's supposed to hit it up there with your, uh, with your, yeah, like that.
With your bat, with your wand.
1085 on a pole.
We might have 1100 votes by the bottom of this hour.
I'll be danged, baby.
And we had Rick Schell called it in between that.
And those two things, what more could you want, right?
Right.
Or what could you want?
Like a bunch of calls?
We, less than a week before Labor Day and you expect them to be coming in here and getting a bunch of calls?
Now, how would you rate the callers today as compared to like on your wall?
Of course, you got to watch any monitor.
You got to, uh, I have all kinds of guest stars.
Me and you watch on the mirror.
You watch on the mirror and it says, right?
Yeah, I'd grab anybody walking on the hall and throw them on the air for a second.
And you know something?
Feast callers.
After today, I don't blame you.
Yeah, baby.
Hey, kids.
Shut up, you computers.
That's because the internet is ruined a lot of music.
You can't make a decent song if you do it online.
I should know I haven't written a good song since 79.
Yeah, my face and you, you've got the soul of a set.
That's why I'm so freaked out.
But put put put put put play me in your net.
Absolutely.
Sure, look at me, it's like you're wonderful.
Put a block in it's what's up to you.
Don't have a crew of mine.
Cause I'm a light right on that.
I can like a spoil queen of those.
You fairy.
Put put put play me in your net.
Play the ball.
Play the ball.
Play the ball.
Take a look at that.
Baby, it's smoking.
They're in a car on the board.
We're gonna have to article, man.
It's just it's absolutely impossible.
Absolutely.
That's the we the mighty have fallen to this level, you know what?
I think I know what's going.
Why is that because they're waiting to see who the hurricanes we're gonna name as our starter?
Oh, well, you and picked Kirby Freeman is turning quarterback.
Yes, you must be psychic.
I just printed this story out.
How did you know that?
I just happen to see it myself.
University of well, the reason they picked him is because Kirby Freeman is a hell of a lot better looking than that other goofball.
Who's the other kid?
Kyle right?
Oh, Kyle right.
Ugly baby.
Are you sure you have the right idea of which is which?
Kirby Freak.
Okay, I'm looking.
I was just looking at this picture here.
Okay, I'm going to go on a herald.
Why are you starting to question my taste?
I'm just surprised.
I mean, I guess surprise.
I'm not gay.
But Kirby Freeman has a couple more bruises, I guess you can say.
A couple more bruises, but it looks clean and pristine to this little queen.
I'll tell you that.
He looks lean and mean to the old queen.
It looks fine to me.
Now again, it's just pictures.
You can't tell what a person looks like just in a picture, you know?
I guess you probably seen him up close in person, like maybe in the shower?
No, definitely not.
But I was recording on the line.
I mean, the first picture of him on air is not very good.
It looks like a Yahoo.
But then when you click to the actual story in a hero,
do you want to pick Kirby Freeman's turn in quarterback?
And he's got a little bit of a grimace on his push.
He don't look like he's got any bruises to me.
That could be the only reason that they picked him.
I mean, he's better looking than the other guy.
And of course, the Brady Quinn and Tom Brady have established that now.
You've got to be good looking and play good too.
If you're ugly, who the hell wants you, right?
I mean, back in the old days, guys like the Redskine quarterback.
What was his name?
How long ago?
Tonto.
Yeah, Tonto.
Tonto, Tonto, Tonto.
He's starting to remember that Spanish talking in or what?
I didn't say Tonto.
We get 1100 votes or what?
Sonny Jrgensen.
Oh, I don't remember.
And Billy King.
They were both incredibly ugly.
1091, baby.
We need to get with it.
1092.
Get with it.
56670560 and 0560.
They've been rising in singular wireless line.
Is that what we should be talking about today?
Who the Kings going to have as they're starting quarterback?
Wow.
I'd rather kill myself than do that.
WQA and hello.
How do you rate Christmas?
How do you rate Christmas?
How do you rate Christmas?
How do you rate Joseph and A-hole?
I say he's like number one.
That's what I rate.
Way up there at the top of the list.
You folks can do it.
We got 20 minutes to go.
And we don't have a call on that board, okay?
56670560.
Is it really been this bad or is it just my man?
Maybe it's just me.
I don't want to take it personal.
It's been bad.
This bad?
Yes, man.
This bad.
They come in.
See, these are 30s of working.
And pound 560 in a Verizon singular wireless line.
How about if we pay you like 50 bucks a call?
What do you say?
100 bucks?
No.
1000 bucks.
No.
Chris will write you a check.
No, I'll call in.
If I can add that?
No, I'm not be a bad idea.
Let's have some fake calls like they do across the street.
Are you aware of that that they set up fake callers?
I'm aware that all other radio shows have fake set up callers except for this one.
Oh.
I mean, I don't know that for a fact.
I suspect that they do that seems to be the norm.
That seems to be the standard.
Norm?
Maybe normal calling.
I'm not going to set it up.
We can talk about his ugly conversation on Sunday morning when what's his name told
him?
Joel Funtberg told him that he doesn't deal with middleman.
He has been begging me for years to save him.
Talk about people who are delusional.
I'm not sure who is the most delusional him, meaning Joel Funtberg, or our management team
such as they are.
I'm not really sure.
What's your take on that?
I don't know.
I haven't had the kind of personal experience that you have with the people who have seen
them.
Wow.
WQO?
Yeah.
You know, you're screaming your calls again.
I was just curious.
I love when you go through the numbers for the ratings and everything.
I miss that.
I know you don't want to rehash it.
I was just curious to know why you guys have just stood down on the numbers I haven't
heard.
Because they suck.
That's why we're so down on the numbers because the joint across the street beat the crap
out of this place in the last trend.
Not in midday.
No.
They're pretty close.
Yeah.
And is Joel Rose beyond QIM sooner?
As far as we know, that's the rumor.
But it's a big secret.
We don't want to tell too many people.
Don't tell anybody about it, sir.
Whatever you do.
Well, I tell you.
Whatever you might say, whoever it is that may or may not censor your show, there's still
nothing better as a local talk show than what you have.
Of course.
Of course.
But you have something.
And the people in South Florida, they'd much rather complain.
Because misery loves companies.
So they want to wallow in their misery and they want me to join the refused to.
Yeah.
Well, that is the nature of this town.
But keep us a good work and we wouldn't need the same without going to rain.
Thanks, Pally.
Have a great day.
Yeah.
What's the price?
The price is still right, OK?
What else you got?
You got some kid over there talking about sports.
You got rice talking his right wing.
One thing or another, the same crap, which by the way, we still beat the crap out of him every time.
But nobody writes about that.
It's only an answer because these people are obsessed with the sports things.
So it's like you would think that there are only two radio stations on the year.
Are there not basically the right attitude when everybody knows there are none?
WQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm doing.
All right. Well, I haven't listened to you since I was seven years old, 22 now.
And I was wondering if I would be able to expect you anywhere else when you leave this fine station you work at.
If you can expect me to be on anywhere else, what does that mean?
I don't understand what that meant.
Like, serious, or anything like that, where you were.
Not going to happen.
And you want to know why I'm not going to be on serious because Howard's grabbing up all the money.
That's why they don't want to pay anybody any money.
Why do I say you money beyond the Howard?
No, good luck to me, pal.
No, I mean, you have to say.
They don't want to pay anybody any money and that's the truth.
I'm not just making that up.
Norma told me he had a call from whatever the guy's name is from serious.
It's not that long ago.
About something.
It wasn't about me.
And then Norm brought my name up and he said, oh, yeah, we love Neil.
Neil's really great, but you know something we just don't have anybody to pay anybody these days.
And that's because Stern and Mel Carmers and her grabbing up all the money and they're losing money hand over a wrist.
And that's just the bad deal that they made.
And they're, you know, and who knows if they're going to survive.
Oh, they're still Kennedy.
Looking Congress, let's Gonzales coast for a bit.
And there is Alberto Vio, five Gonzales.
But what's he got to do with Michael Vick?
10-9-8 and a pool of boy before we even go into the break, we're going to have 11-1-1 votes.
And as silly as it sounds, that makes me feel a little bit better.
Well, good.
You know what I mean?
Not great.
Not like, hey, we had a great show today.
Things are really a hop at a QAM, but like, you know, somebody's out there.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hi. Two things real quick.
My wife and I are going to Ottawa, Canada in May.
Have you been to Ottawa?
No, I have not.
Why are you going there?
Well, we have friends that live outside, that live in Ottawa and live in a country house.
And they're going to take us around the city and ask.
And also it's a Montreal.
Montreal, am I still the isn't it?
Except for the people.
Really?
They're like the Quebec people from Quebec.
People from Quebec.
Where do you think the Quebec people come from when they come to South Florida, come from Montreal and Quebec City?
They're in their cars, man.
They're disgusting.
And if you don't speak French, they don't want to know from you, man.
Well, at least we're going to be with some people that do speak French also.
Also, today, I don't know if it's just me because I'm in and out of the car a lot.
Your signal keeps cutting in and out and making all sorts of weird noises in that.
I mean, are you guys in a world of it?
Yes.
Okay.
I mean, I don't understand.
It's a QAMF and way, baby.
It's the way it is, you know.
Well, boy, I'm glad you're paying enough because I would never put up with that garbage.
I'll be getting help out of that.
Okay, see.
What am I going to do about it?
He would never put up with it.
What am I going to do?
Make a big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big big.
Uh, a storm out.
You know, it's send your paycheck back and protest.
Now, what what what what Puging and Puffing is he talking about?
Is he talking about the digital thing that's going on now?
Is he still going on?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Doesn't he know how bad is it?
Uh, uh, oh, I mean, off and on, I guess.
Off and on.
It's not so bad that you can't do the rest of the show.
Yeah.
Oh, come on.
It's like Mabel Brady, we got our 1100.
No, no, three.
So that also adds to the problem today.
Sure, that's extra special though.
It's for free ring.
Brrrrting.
Is that a few words?
I like reading this board section.
I like reading this board section too.
Now the paper is better news in a computer.
You can read the paper on a toilet.
Yeah, I like computers because what's I got to do with sports?
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
We got a girl in here.
Yeah, a girl.
Hello.
See?
We're straight.
That's a girl.
Girls are okay, but I'd rather stare blankly so you hadn't just talk about sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports, and a harder belief in losing the board and showing you how.
There just gotta be somebody out there that just wants to hear about nothing but sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
don't know why I wore a braces. Bye! Bye! Bye! Bye!
Hey!
