Why the universe did?
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
Here.
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
Absolutely.
How the hell did she get fired?
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
You failed.
Why we risked acting big corporate lawyers?
Well, she may say, but she ain't.
Here's a bitch you don't have.
Look to one, but she's still waiting.
Let's come home, she tickles their tails.
Oh, my good, hey!
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
Waaah!
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
Ow!
How is that done, bro?
You have fired!
Voice of bitch bitch should get fired!
The shower boost holds up in both.
Stick to it as we hood knows should not go.
Two of a long hair, then a teaching job at Regis.
And slap the straw in our show.
How is the bitch bitch should get fired!
Voice of bitch, should get fired!
How was the hell's bitch she get fired, and he's scores!
It's because hey!
It's because no one compared to her.
This bitch is good!
Is it wasn't just a fighting move, it's my job to diss.
But it's at fault!
I had his clothes, drinks and fish, fish, should get fired.
10 or 2 at 5, 60 WQM, happy Friday.
It wasn't happy Friday until I found out all these stories.
Thanks by the way, Professor, for the heads up on the attack that was made on me this morning.
And also to Chris, I shouldn't have probably said that.
I have no problem with Chris.
Oh, you have no problem?
Well, did you actually hear it or just heard about it?
You heard it through the grapevine.
I walked in and you said you got spired ports saying the morning was going to rip you.
Right.
A minute I walked into the other studio to get the log is when Reaper told me what...
Reaper, now don't get Robert in trouble.
You know, Robert Reaper, the Lord of the Board, the Grim Reaper and all that other cramp.
Which is what the Kenny used to say on the morning show that's going off on these days soon.
But at any rate.
So let me give you the pull result from yesterday because I wanted to spend not more than three
four hours on this cramp.
It's one thing to put dumb jocks on here.
It's another thing just to give them the keys to the kingdom and say,
go ahead and pretend to be broadcasters.
And basically that's what's been going on for years now.
That's why the broad...
One of the many reasons why the broadcasting business is in the toilet.
Especially anything to do with sports.
Don't put professional sports and like we were saying before the year.
Before the show this morning, you know, there's a difference between a guy who...
Don't, don't, don't.
As I've not just seen as he may have been was actually a play by play guy, a broadcaster.
And people who are like...
Not who are just ex-jogs, who wants to wear a jog strap and took showers naked.
Let me say it to you very clearly and I've said it before.
This is only my opinion.
That's what they pay me to give.
There are two ex-jogs in this market who are excellent broadcasters who belong
on the year.
Jim Mandage is one of them.
Joe Rose is the other one.
That's it.
There are no others.
Am I wrong about that?
No.
Okay.
And of course this is the desperation, you know, whether it's not some flunky sportswriter
like Alex Marvez from a column that nobody reads or if it's some dumb joc who's marginally
literally the best.
But I've been accused of saying something, you know, and I don't know what he actually
said on the years.
He, I'm not going to pull words in his mouth like he's doing with me.
I just know the general tenure of it.
And it sucks because I always thought Bill Campo was a decent guy.
He and I always got along well.
I say, and I've always said he's as dull as an 80 year old razor blade and he is dull.
But he came up with a real beauty this morning.
It's all over the building and then we'll get into it in a minute.
Here's the pull result from yesterday.
217 votes.
1207.
Well, that's right.
It was a bad pull.
And Charlie B.
Oh, boy, if we got some stuff today, man, Charlie B.
responds and also a Laurel.
We got some lady out there who's once your girlfriend also rips you an ass all for it.
Laurel.
Get in rip today.
You know, everybody's ripping and you know what?
I can take the ripping but don't lie.
Don't put words in my mouth.
Don't come on.
Let's get out of sharpening town.
Now you don't expect it to be like nappy headed.
Who is part two?
The difference being that I miss actually said that.
Not that I have any problem with.
I didn't say whatever it really wants, but I didn't say what I was accused of saying.
But we'll get to it in a minute.
See if Hope Hamper wasn't out there at minicamp.
He was doing the show in the building.
I would have told you before the show go and tell him as soon as he gets off.
I challenge him.
I wanted to come to the studio and I challenge him to tell me right to my ear.
And even if I was down there, I'd tell you the same thing.
This because he's eight feet tall.
We're 600 pounds.
Don't intimidate me.
What's he going to do?
Take a shot at an old queen.
Oh, sorry, Professor, it's your line.
It's almost seven on the pole.
What's the worst thing you've ever done at work that could be construed or misconstrued as sexual harassment?
Told a dirty joke to 64.
Flirted with somebody 252.
Took advantage of a coworker who was drunk at a company party, 134, Josh.
Now, let's see.
Was she drunk or you both?
Both.
Oh, well, Josh said it wasn't.
Well, I better not quote what you said.
Had I?
Oh, no, yeah.
That's right.
Just going to be alone.
Just leave it alone.
That's why you should have done was left it alone.
I wish I did.
No.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hug your kiss to colleague 129.
But in Josh's case, it went a little bit beyond hugging and kissing, I guess.
Well, stalk someone 104.
Ask somebody out on a date 96.
Slap your pin.
Somebody's ass 95.
Correct them.
Spied on someone in the bathroom 62.
And Charlie B. had felt compelled to send me a fax about that too about how naive I am and how easy it is to spot something in the bathroom.
I don't want to spy on somebody in the bathroom.
Jesus, God.
A displayed a sexy calendar 42.
Wrote a love letter or note 16 and once deducted clothing 13.
That was yesterday's poll.
Dave Johnson will be calling around 11.
I'm assuming.
He never fails with the bellman coming up tomorrow.
And of course, the Humphors out there up in New York for the bellman.
Curtis, that dolphins mini-campus 2.
Geldy at OJ, McDuffie at Dolphin mini-camp 4-5.
And let me tell you something, OJ.
Maybe somebody ought to get you some Q tips to get the wax out of your ears because you don't hear too well.
And especially when it's a rumor by way of a boop is told this one and that one.
And then do a get all whipped up just incredible to me.
But anyway, I'll take it a minute.
Then Gelty, all by himself 5-630 at Dolphin's mini-camp.
Marlins on deck 630, the Marlins in Tampa Bay.
Oh, it should be a big crown for that tonight.
705 followed by a game night with Eddie Kaye at Gate H at the ballpark after the game.
So here's what evidently happened this morning.
Well, no, I guess we ought to back it up to yesterday, right?
That's when it got all started.
Oh, yes.
As best I can put all this crap in my mind together, OJ, McDuffie,
got a call from one of his buddies, one or more of his buddies out there,
who claimed that I called him something on the ear.
They claimed that I called him a Koon on the ear.
Now, is there anybody who I've been in this market for 31 and a half years?
Is there anyone who believes that I would use that word on the ear to describe a black person or anybody else for that matter?
Much less somebody who works on a radio station.
No.
No, there isn't anybody who would believe that with an IQ larger than their thumbnail,
but that's the operative part of it, that last part, IQ larger than your thumbnail.
Because that leaves out some of the people we have on the ear evidently.
And so from what I'm here in Bo Campo and OJ, McDuffie,
I very upset about this, even though neither one of them heard it,
and neither did anybody else in the building hear it,
and we listened to the tape Chris and I before the show this morning.
The word I used was doomed, doomed, DOOMED.
It's got a lot of letters in it now, doomed.
Because I'm one of those people who doesn't believe personally that OJ McDuffie belongs on the ear.
That's my opinion, okay, and I'm entitled to it.
That doesn't mean I'm calling it.
It's got nothing to do with race.
He could be white, he could be yellow, he could be purple.
But boy, talk about thin skin.
Forget about dark skin.
Talk about thin skin.
That's what this is all about.
And anybody who knows me and knows this show
and knows that I have any kind of common sense
as to what you can do and can't do on the ear.
I don't need somebody else like Kenny Walker has to do for you.
Before I can't see that on the ear.
And then we have to put the bleep in the air 50 times.
No, you can't say that on the ear.
I don't need that because I'm a broadcast and I've been doing this for a hundred years.
There's a difference between somebody who wants to wear a jockstrip
and somebody sticking a microphone in front of them thinking,
oh, hey, poof, you're a broadcast, you know, like Jimmy Cifilis, for example.
It doesn't happen.
It doesn't happen.
And that's why we're just overburdened with the people like Tim McArb for example.
Bapapapa, who never shuts up, who never takes a breath,
who's almost always wrong as he second guesses every place
you try to watch a ball game or Phil Sims or any of these other obnoxious X-Jocks
who must be getting paid by the word by the way.
So I've had Lee Boakamp or went on the ear this morning and took a shot at me,
which I don't mind anybody taking a shot at me,
but at least do it honestly.
Don't make up lies.
Don't make up stories and pretend that I called somebody a
perjurative racial term on the ear, which I never did.
Once twice or any other time, the word was doomed.
I said, now we're doomed, which to me doesn't sound like cool, okay?
And this is a guy that belongs on the ear.
This is the thing about all these sports stations in this market.
There aren't just the two that are on now.
We've had a whole succession of them.
We had the ridiculous, the fan of what, a 19,
had done the dial, whatever it was, it was off the right end of your AM dial.
Like we're off the left end, they were off the right hand dial.
1,920,500 on the AM dial.
A place on the band that doesn't exist.
And they had, I think, 25 listeners.
Remember that was more test these distraught out?
Oh, yeah.
And the door.
And a collection of losers on there.
You couldn't find their audience with a compass and a road map and a search party.
And then we had the Fox 940 as a cheap channel with school.
And I thought it was once a great frequency.
Fox 940 sports would still go out and whoever else was on there.
Do you remember anybody else that was on there?
No, never listened to.
No, nobody else did either.
And we've had a whole succession of these things on here.
And most of the people that were on were a bunch of semi-literate, inarticulate ex-jocks.
Not broadcasters, ex-jocks, as in dumb.
I'm just almost speechless the fact because I always thought both campers were the reason guy.
And I never thought he belonged on the air and he doesn't.
He's dull.
He needs a personality transplant.
But he was an ex-jock.
He was one of the acolor bees, you know, bomb-hower and bulk camper and bedders.
And remember those days?
Yeah, you don't.
I do.
From NSL now that I do.
He's a good ball player, but you know, if there are a lot of good ex-ball players,
doesn't make them broadcasters because you once were a jockstrap,
doesn't make you a broadcaster.
And this station doesn't understand it.
The people across the street don't understand it.
And nobody in this market understands it.
And to take guys who once were a jockstrap and make them into play-by-play guys.
I mean, that's the ultimate.
Of course, God forbid we should say too much about that.
We don't want to get the organization all freaked out about that.
And I'm not going to say you're in demand in apology because I guess
I guess Grieper wouldn't let him put the word on the air.
He said the word that he claimed that I had said.
And then Grieper dumped it as that we've done.
Because, you know, bulk camper has got any clue what you can and can't see on the air.
Because even after all these years, he still doesn't know what the regulations are.
He's still not a broadcaster and never will be.
Never will be, Kimba.
Always like you.
It's only business, not personal.
But I'm just shaking in my boots, man.
Come on up here and just beat the pulp out of me.
Beat me to a little to an ounce of jelly.
Because somebody called in and started a bunch of crad.
I think we definitely ought to call Al Sharpton on this.
In fact, don't you think it's just a matter of hours before he'll be flying you to town?
You know what?
The rumors keep flying like that.
Yeah, there you go.
Lots of rumors all over the building based on BS, based on a total fabrication.
And I know you're probably upset because you know, damn well that that show is going off the air, Kimba.
But, you know, you gave it your best shot and it's what it is.
And they finally end up in this sad part of it is it comes on the same day yesterday
that they finally got a number in the book.
They got a trend that was good.
They had a really solid month.
Don't ask me how.
It was absolutely rock solid.
That's right.
I have no idea how.
Maybe some more diaries in there, I don't know, but maybe they were making a little bit of progress.
But going on the air and accusing me of using racially-projorative terms on the air
to describe O.J. McDuffeer anybody else is grotesque, unacceptable, and a pile of crap.
That's what Friday you besteds.
Won't tell your story.
I don't want none of those.
Kim is out with Prade.
And exactly small.
4239.56.
You can say as you got it right!
Rosie Big Sad Lesbian Loudrozing attacks innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
Olivia Donalds disgusting.
Both inside of her.
We take a look at her.
She's a slob.
She talks like a truck driving.
He's mad again!
Rosie's a loser.
You know it.
And I know it.
And they kicked me out because I had no talent.
I have no vengeance towards the company.
I'm simply happy about the fact that it is finally over.
I'd like to make one thing perfectly clear.
Rosie.
Enough already.
She'll fail because ultimately she's all about failure.
I'm a better headbanding here.
Lesbian or Midwestern.
I can't read you.
This is the kind of thing a girl does that she's very ugly.
On a lesbian.
1019 at 560 W.
If you are in everybody is whipped up and we're friends this morning.
It's just amazing to me how everybody is on and all based on nothing.
Yep.
Based on something that didn't happen.
Like I said, we're doomed to do do do do do.
Here's a good poll.
The professor sends this one in here.
If you were in hell, which would be a worse internal punishment being forced to listen to Kenny and Bo.
Mo.
Do do do do.
Sit Rosencranc Berkstein Schwartz or DFO.
Ooh.
If you were in hell, what would be the worst thing?
I don't feel it would be for me.
I don't, I beg your pardon?
I don't want to outvote them.
And what would that be?
DFO.
That would be the worst internal punishment being forced to listen to all that corn ball crap from DFO.
You know what?
Nobody's doing it now.
So maybe when we're dead, well, I'll be listening to DFO.
Now, I don't want to be misquoted.
Okay, again, I was already misquoted once because I said doomed and somebody tried to put a C in front of doomed as in CUMED.
CUMED by Nah.
Let me spell this out for you.
Okay, Bo camper.
M-O-R-O-N.
Okay, that's very clear.
That's how you spell it.
Maybe somebody can tell you how to spell it.
M-O-R-O-N.
That's it.
That's you, Kimba.
Idiot.
I mean, all the years I've worked with him both in IOD and over on this station, probably like, I don't know, 12 or 15 years.
And he really believes I would say that on the year.
That's pathetic.
Pothetic?
Yeah, apparently.
Pothetic.
He thinks I'm a moron.
And M-O-R-O-N.
He thinks I'm not a broadcaster and don't know where the boundaries are, which of course it's called a Poth-Cong-Kettle Pink.
Here's about it.
It's constantly not knowing where the boundaries are.
I could just go on the whole four hours today, but I'm not going to do it because we've got to rip Josh.
Well, no, I mean, they're going to get about that.
Facts is here.
Oh, that's important stuff.
No, I probably shouldn't dignify him either, either the two of them, because neither one of them belong on the year.
There are a couple of inarticulum, I mean, both campers, you know, he's brilliant on the year compared to OJ.
And OJ may be the nicest guy.
I don't know if either of you guys met him.
I have not.
No.
I've met him in passing in here and he seems like a nice guy.
Okay, he may be the nicest guy that ever came down the hallway.
But the fact of the matter is he's inarticulum.
He's not a broadcaster.
He doesn't belong on the year.
He couldn't draw an audience with he paid him.
And he proved that right across the street.
And of course, that's the new motto of QAM for some strange reason.
If they failed over at the ticket, let's get him over here.
Yeah!
We're going to make him into broadcasters, like when he marked test and a lot of the other people that we put on here.
I just, I don't understand these people at all.
I never will.
But like George said, little George, he said it before I even started on the year on this station nine and a half years ago.
He said, this isn't a radio station.
It's a sports bar with a microphone.
That had to be the most perfect description.
A sports bar with a microphone.
And of course, we don't fit into that because we don't do sports.
Laurel sends a love letter to Josh, not...
Boy, in fact, it's not even written to you.
It's written to me.
You had some nerve reading this.
It says, TGIF, and thank God it's Josh's last day.
Oh, I love you, Laurel.
For this week, anyway, Laurel.
This is like the greatest fact ever.
She says, my, my, my hasn't even been silly this week.
Not a sorrie as Volcamp or an OJ McDuffie.
You see, you know, if either one of them would have heard it or if Reaper would have heard it or anybody would have heard it,
that would have been one thing.
But they couldn't have heard it because I didn't say it.
And we went back and listened to the tape from yesterday's show and I said,
I said, now we're doomed.
Dumed.
That's what I said.
And of course, somebody gets a phone call, oh, Neil Rogers, just call you out, you know.
Whatever.
Anyway, my, my, my hasn't even been silly this week, meaning Josh.
Let's get back to Josh and get away from the dollars on the morning show.
Dollar than a six hundred year old knife.
Picking fights with everybody.
Josh, guess he's not used to being regular on the show anymore.
And defending Barry Barnes versus Babe Ruth, get out of here, says Laurel.
Hey, Josh, go join up with a circus, you clown.
Stay away from Neil's show.
In fact, I got a suggestion.
Why did you go into the restroom in 959 and take a doose?
A real long doose and don't come up till 201.
That would be a rather long doose.
Wow, I don't know if I could do it.
A doose, a trace, a catoris, and a, whatever.
The legs would be numb.
I mean, that would be very serious.
Well, she'd be happy to hear that.
Be very careful now.
The words you say articulate very, very clearly because I'm sure that somebody on you
will go on to your Monday morning saying, you hear what Corris said.
He said something about dumb.
He said numb, but dumb would be right.
You won't be missed.
He says except by your lover boy, lover boy stalkers.
It's only a matter of time before your Russian girlfriend walks out on you.
So, Misha, Natasha, whatever your name is, honey, while he's off in Vegas,
Bungie jumping and cheating on you.
Just you and me, girl, I'll bring the vodka.
You just bring yourself, and I'll show you the kind of girl you won't get from any man.
I love this girl.
Oh, yeah.
Josh can have, well, Josh can have very bonds, says, love Laurel.
Well, there you go.
She's, Laurel needs to send another fact.
I'll try to hook that up.
And a picture of you.
Yeah, obviously.
Picture would be nice.
701 votes under the days of Paul.
I don't know if I'll make a thousand, not I don't care.
I am, you know, ordinarily I don't let those things bother me that much,
but, but, but, right on the heels of Nappy-headed hole, you know,
it sounds very, very contrived to me.
I don't want to let him pune anybody's motives,
but to take something third-hand and then get it all bent out of shape
and spread it around the building and then go on the year and take a shot at me
about it, having said something that I didn't really say.
That's just unacceptable is what it is.
Bo camper, Kimba.
And what were you doing at Ethan's school this house smelling his ball movements?
I really want to hear about that.
That's great radio.
That sounds very gay to me, especially at the Lionelock Air freshener.
But then again, that was that award-winning segment, gay or not gay.
It seemed to be obsessed with gay.
707, but then again, guys who showered together were real tight pants.
Here's the poll today, matching a face to the voice.
First time I saw what Neil looked like, and you know, ordinarily I thought this was a pretty bad poll, you know.
It's the one Charlie B's Neil obsessed polls, but then I thought about it and I think that's okay.
Or you just didn't have another idea.
What? Huh?
Who didn't have another idea? I didn't.
I think Laurel's got a point, you know what?
Like I couldn't have come up with a different poll for today, mister.
Just messing with you, man.
Boy, I do like that one though.
We just said about DFO and the Moa.
Boy, that would be hell. That's radio hell.
Dumb, X-Jocks. That's what the business has become.
And not just on sports radio.
When you're trying to watch your ball games now,
Arabic telecast is going to have at least one, usually two, X-Jocks on there,
talking way too much, adding nothing to your enjoyment of the telecast.
That's what it's all about.
Like Denise Popman, there's an example.
Talk about dumb X-Jock. Good God.
707, matching a face to the voice. The first time I saw Neil,
what he looked like, he looked just how I imagined he would 197.
Well, that's good. I'm glad I didn't disappoint.
I laughed 135.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
MEOSMAN
I was horrified 49 I was pleasantly impressed 40 that's almost as funny. I was mesmerized look how many say there were mesmerized
ARONG
I still have no fluidity looks like 27 I guess that's because they're too stupid Even though they're voting on our website to take a look at the picture on there with me in Brady Quinn
With me on his pants. I think that's what Kim does upset about these jealous that I got into Brady Quinn's pants
I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was disappointed 27 other 719. I'll try to improve
I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was
smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was
smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was
smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was
smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and I still had no clue what it looks like 27. I was smitten 20 and that was something I took out a while ago. I forgot the background
1034, 206 before 11 at 560 WQA, home of some really very strange people.
I think that's a good way to put it.
A good way to put it.
Speaking of strange, our good friend Charlie B, the pool man, and you notice he didn't
deter him.
He said it a much more pool today.
Thank you Charlie.
Keep him coming man.
Don't take any crap from Josh or anybody else, even though many of your pools really blow.
But that's okay.
You know what's the old saying?
You throw enough crap up out of the air and some of it's going to come down and hit the
ground.
So here's the response to your rant about Charlie B yesterday.
It's quite a long email by the way.
Oh boy.
He says I worked and also Brandon wants to know when you're going to go to Vegas to
cheer on your girlfriend.
They're all piling on Laurel and the Charlie B.
I'm not going to be cheating on my girlfriend.
I know.
We believe in.
Calm down.
I might go to a strip club or two, but there's not wrong with that.
And let me ask you one other thing too to go back just for a second.
I don't want to like dwell on it too much any more than 7, 8, 10 hours today.
Okay.
But if I really did call a any black person a coon on the show yesterday, do you think
it is?
Is there anybody who really believes I would be here today?
No.
Well, nobody with a brain, but anybody who understands this business and the current
climate in which the environment in which we're working.
Is there anybody who believes I would actually be here on the air today?
No.
But then again, I said anybody who's a broadcaster understands a business or even just a real
listener.
And of course, when there are people who aren't listening to the show, but getting like
third-hand rumors and then going off on the air about it, well, he said this, but it
would be put in a boot, but now maybe I'm doing the same thing, but my rumors I'm getting
from credible sources.
You follow what I'm saying?
I'm actually reading this fact right now.
What, Charlie Bees?
No, somebody else is ripping me, I guess.
Another one?
Jesus.
Oh, I've sent it along, okay?
It's a long...
I'll tell you one thing.
They may be upset with you, but the fact is...
It's a berry.
It's a berry bond's, Babe Ruth.
Okay, well, we've sent it along.
Okay.
Charlie Bees says I work during the day, I'm often out in meetings and projects.
Occasionally I'll catch you alive, but most of the time I listen to the show is by wave
your archives at night when I'm working at the computer.
So I follow up with all my emailing then.
That's why it takes me a while to get back to you.
Don't feel like you're being this because I wasn't able to respond during the air time
yesterday.
I wouldn't do that to you.
He says to me, not talking to you is...
Talking to me.
Thank you, Charlie Bees, although you're too old and ugly.
But anyway, it's not our reason.
Old.
Ask your pal Brandon for me, Neil, if they've got any more space for one more member
of the We Hate Josh Club.
Oh, man.
And all of a sudden Chris is taking up the...
They all are on his bandwagon.
They're cashed in votes that they don't even want to just to get into a thousand every day
because they're big.
Maybe that's just an anti- Josh backlash that you're suffering from.
Okay.
Whatever it is, I'll take it.
And by the way, I said backlash, not black lash.
Okay, I don't want to be miscoated on that either.
Because everything now, I'm going to have to be real politically correct because they're
going to take it and twist it and turn it.
I said, back lash.
Anyway, it goes on to say, I figure it's getting crowded.
I want to get my membership application in, ha ha ha.
Says Charlie Bees.
That's the Hate Josh Club.
Well, I took more than a fair share of hits from Josh and yesterday, sure, I figure
I own a few, Charlie, so here we go.
I must apologize to him for thinking he trashed my polls and for confusing him with
the Marlins poll.
Sorry, Josh.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
On the other hand, he's been quite a contrary guy this week, right from the start of the
week, we mentioned it on Monday.
Here's a text message that's in support for you from the professor who says, tell Josh,
he's the man.
Oh, right.
He's professor.
Hey, at least somebody's coming to bed for you.
All right.
One person.
It also says, ha ha at the end of it.
So I'm not too sure.
It's, you know, hey, listen, somebody's got a chime in for you.
Okay.
All right, my book.
All right.
You got me with that kiss in the elevator, man.
I'll never forget it.
Anyway, it says on the other hand, he's been quite a contrary guy this week, right from
the start of the week, we would mention it on Monday.
It's amazing.
I could squeeze so much attitude out in just five days.
Is there anyone?
Is there anyone that child hasn't offended this week?
He's been one ordinary dude and for saying all that, I don't apologize to Charlie.
Well, I don't know about ornery.
I don't think he's been really ornery.
He just, you know, stubborn.
I used to like Josh when he was still on the show.
He says, even if he was rather obtuse, you have to define that word for him.
I'm pretty much every topic you could mention, music, pop culture, politics.
Of course, he didn't say a whole lot then, which is why a lot of us liked him better
than.
Ha ha ha ha.
Wow.
Oh, man.
Man, they don't like you.
Well, we're all getting craft today.
I'm a bad guy and Volkamp resolved bed out of shape.
And OJ McDuffie, who I never met in my life, he's pissed off at me too, because he thinks
I said, you know, now let me ask you this.
Seriously, before I go back to Charlie B's 500 page, your facts, do you really think they
believe I said that?
I have to.
Why would they rip you on the air?
I just cannot believe that there's anybody who even knows who I am, who thinks I'm that
stupid, you know.
Anyway, it says, go back to this.
I'll put any of my worst pulls, and I'll bet Sean or any of my fellow pull people would
gladly put any of their worst pulls against any of Josh's best ones any time.
Oh, that's right.
He's never produced any Charlie says.
Another real nasty low shot.
Angry.
There's anger in the air, man.
You can smell it.
Either that or maybe it's Ethan Skolnick's bad ball movements to linger in the air.
Let's hear a lot more about that, Kim Bond Monday.
Josh should stick to doing what Josh knows how to do best, whatever the hell that is,
Charlie.
And for the moment, it appears to be cyclophantically Josh sniffing despised, steroid
popping ball players on the verge of breaking home run records.
Way to go, Josh.
Barry bonds out a higher U in a few years to single-handedly pitch in some of the sports
writers his induction of the Hall of Fame.
Not even I could perform as Brittany P. R. Suck-Jah for him as you apparently can and did
on yesterday's show.
The pull guys have come to be known, know something or two of radio.
I joined the student FN radio station while in college starting out as a writer and on
your announcer in charge of PSAs.
All right.
I guess I'll let it do the break and then we'll continue with part two of this and then
that other one.
Okay, part two.
Rip Josh Court is a day on Friday.
George will be back on Monday by the way.
And I'm sure that Laurel and some others are saying, oh, thank the Lord.
I know you were still.
1046 and 560 WQMA Friday that will live in Infamy Man.
It's a day that's going to go down in the record books.
837 boats on this very marginal pool.
Actually, it's not a bad pool, I guess.
See, I'm not that one of those people it's like, there, there, one of the things I've discovered
there are a lot of guys out there and probably a lot of broads too.
I mean, women who think that they really are hot as hell.
You know, they think that they look as good as anybody who's ever been born.
And then you look at them and you think, well, I must be missing.
I must be missing something somewhere.
Maybe my eyesight's going bad, you know.
Maybe my blood sugar is like 900 this morning.
I'm not looking too good because you know, I'm saying, all right?
Yeah.
There are a lot of really nasty looking people who look into me and they think, hmm, look
at that.
I'm lovely.
Which I guess is good.
I'm a realist though.
I look at the mirror and I think, oh, boy, matching a face to the voice.
The first time I saw what he looked like, he looked just like I thought he would.
216.
Fat old Jew Fag.
I laughed 148.
Oh, I got news for you.
When I look at the mirror, no laughing matter.
I'll say that.
He looked worse than what I imagined 133.
I was mesmerized in he 3.
Right.
He looked better than what I imagined 64.
I was horrified 57.
That's my favorite horrified.
They took one look and ran like a son of a bitch horrified.
That's my very favorite.
He looked better than I imagined 64.
So worse than what I imagined 133 and better only 64.
It's like more than 2 to 1.
I was horrified 57.
I was pleasantly impressed 48.
I still have no clue what he looks like.
Still on 30.
Stuck on.
About 30, man.
Don't forget Dave Johnson.
Keep watching that bat line, by the way.
Well, I was smitten also 30 and I was disappointed 29.
Well, sorry to disappoint.
I'll try to look better.
But I doubt it.
842 vote.
You'll get your thousand today.
Can we get back and finish up Charlie B's poll before Dave calls in and we analyze the
available month from our 40th to 7th-orest field and we got that one filly in there.
Now let's see.
Charlie goes on.
Johnny says I also had my own call in talk show, which was my idea and the initiative.
It was an interview show and anyone on the campus around Tom could call in.
This was long before I ever heard of Larry King.
Uh-huh.
Eventually I moved up to the position of PD.
Well, I'm so sorry, Charlie.
Today I'm a PR professional.
I work alone in Miami Beach over the years.
I've had professional relationships with FM and TV stations in Kentucky and Virginia.
Well, I'm coming up on 25 years since I became a licensed broadcaster.
Mine has not been a continuous career in radio.
I regret only a sporadic one over the years.
Capture Blessings, Charlie.
I got my FCC radio broadcasters licenses working in radio while Josh was still shmitting
diarrhea into his kimbis or where they pamphers maybe huggies.
Sounds like a little bit too much interest in the old...
Back home.
Like that, Charlie.
Get you know it was out of there.
And I've got a life he says.
I'm not a strange person with polls as Josh described me.
I just happen to be a person who likes to show likes the bedtime stories, likes the humor,
likes kneels, witt and puns and likes the bits.
Contributing poll ideas is just a little way am I given back to a show I care about and
one that sweetens my day.
Sweet.
Alright.
See that's he's sucking up to me big time and it works.
In this case it works.
Creating the polls doesn't consume much time at all in my day to day life.
I have a fine career, thank you very much.
And none of Josh's put downs can sting me.
It's kind of like a bow camper at OJ McDuffie.
Their put downs are going to sting my old ass.
But quit lying.
Okay quit making crap up.
He says I don't beg for...
Let's see.
Josh's put downs are like water off my back.
Like a duck.
I don't beg for a check.
beg to be put in your will or gripe about having to post the stories you send or run
off to the toilet and miss parts of the show.
Instead of being in the studio and it breaks their over with my knowledge and experience
I've come there and show that child a thing or two about radio.
Wow.
I bet you show that child a thing or two but they might not be about radio.
Now you know I get so much rubin' for my crummy polls but let's not forget that some
of my best have been the biggest all-time vocators on the show.
Those favorites sitcoms of the 60s and 70s for example and the TV theme songs and the
most embarrassing bodily function and many more.
If you hadn't posted yesterday's poll about sexual harassment we'd never have heard
one of the more interesting parts of the show with the tail end.
Josh's personal experience with the girl at the Christmas party that was exciting radio.
Wow.
It was more exciting radio than the experience based on what he told me this morning.
Well we had a lot of...
In fact we had a show before the show this morning I would say all three of us.
Yeah.
Definitely.
So you see what my polls can sometimes do even the crappiest ones for both discussion
Charlie B says and how can we forget that the one poll I submitted that provoked that
intense debate between you and George about whether straight men can have gay sex.
One option just one other poll generated all that discussion between you and him.
One which is soon joined by that Tammy Lister that got George all riled up.
Oh yeah, I remember her remember that?
She was ripping him in ass.
And it's terribly so because that's one topic you know there's nothing about it.
But among many others.
That one poll was the genesis of an often on debate that lasted for the better part of
a week and beyond.
That's the power of a poll Charlie says.
I know the power of a poll Charlie.
I've seen a few.
The ability to be provocative.
You see that?
You see that?
She says see this.
Now it goes on and gets back to me.
Neil I've got a suggestion.
Next time George goes on vacation.
Consider asking Rick Shaw or Sus to sit in this guest with this there.
Oh now it's getting personal.
Now he's trying to interfere with your career.
I guess so.
The repartee would be lively.
The audience would love it.
The station could promote it.
You get good numbers and cumes in the book.
And you'll be giving up as the contrary.
And as we heard this week.
Have a great weekend.
When you two Charlie be, have a great weekend.
Have a great weekend everybody.
See ya.
Oh man.
This is the best.
No I really was frosted.
It really pissed me off because both campers should know better.
I mean, OJ makes definitely don't know me.
Maybe he's never listening to a minute of this show.
In fact, you'll really call when Sid Rosenstein,
Cran's Burberry Schwartz, first came, got voted off the I'ma show and came with his tail
between his legs and they put him on across the street.
And they hit him teamed up in midday with OJ and Jamie Duffy.
You remember, I think it was Sid the kid who got the,
didn't he get suspended for a day or two because he had some kind of a run in with OJ?
What?
I don't remember exactly, but I believe they just got in like a big fight.
And he left or something like that.
I could find out.
He left?
Meaning like he just got up and left the studio down in like the middle of the show.
Yeah, he walked down.
Well, maybe OJ is a little bit too sensitive.
Okay, maybe he just not fit for this.
This isn't football.
Okay, where you put on a uniform and a jock strap and a hold-y-up and go out there and grab
each guy's, there's guys around the clock.
Yeah, this is a little more serious than that.
You have to be a little thicker skinned if you're going to be in the broadcasting business,
OJ.
And like they said, you may be a really good guy, but you belong around the year.
Even to say hello or goodbye.
No.
Goodbye part, I would say yes.
Now, that's just my opinion.
Don't you understand?
It's got nothing to do with skin color.
It has nothing to do with anything like that.
There's some people very always using those kinds of things as an excuse.
That's my honest to God opinion.
If you were a great broadcaster like Ed Bradley, who also happened to have been black and
Bernie Shaw, who was also black on CNN, who was a great news anchor for years and years,
I'd say, what a great broadcaster.
Let's put him on more.
Let's put him on more.
But unfortunately.
Ed Bradley.
What?
Ed Bradley would probably, wouldn't he be considered like a journalist?
Yeah.
I'm just talking about a black broadcaster.
Okay.
Yeah, there's something Charlie B's got to point.
I thought I made it.
No, I'm just saying I like Ed Bradley too.
I would just sit or him.
Yeah, I know he's dead.
Yeah.
I would just consider him a journalist and say, I liked him.
I can't stand when people do that.
Oh, I like him a lot and talk about somebody who's been dead for like, you know, however
long.
I liked him.
I'm glad you liked him.
He was good.
He also had that earring in his ear.
Anyway, getting back to this thing.
Here are a few pages for Josh to stick with.
The moon don't close next to him.
He wants to talk very bonds as a better baseball tournament than Babe Ruth.
Greg Cotex wrote this column four years ago, one of his rare, fine works.
You can say that again.
Here's the column by the way.
I think I'll read it.
And he was right on the mark.
Oh, really?
There's like two other pages.
Can I finish this or even like an interrupted midstream?
I'm just saying if you want to read it.
Charlie B is God.
Oh, Jesus.
No, seriously.
What are you going to say?
I was going to say that if you want to read the article, there are two other pages that
I threw out to you.
I'm sure you did.
No, continuing the Greg Cody article.
Yeah.
So if you want that, I'll send it.
If you want them up before it threw them out like I do, or tear them in half?
No, just a little, just a little fold, a little wrinkle, a little crinkle in it.
You have to make sure you couldn't fax it.
The machine will get all balled up.
Well, if you can do it without balling up the fax machine, go ahead.
I mean, if it's a real long article, the last thing I want to do is to read our columns
by Greg Cotex.
Now, this fax goes on to say, and it's unsigned by the way, which I don't have to
win three spec for that.
Not only is Babe Ruth the greatest baseball player that ever lived.
He's the greatest athlete that ever lived.
Oh, yeah, I remember those pictures of Babe.
He looked like a real athlete to me.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
Are you kidding me?
As the caller mentioned yesterday, you could have made the Hall of Famous of Picture if
he had become a full-time outfielder.
His career pitching record was 94 and 46 with an ERA of 228.
He had a three-year run, 1915 to 17, where he went 18 and 8, 23 and 12 and 24 and 13.
His World Series record was even more impressive.
Three and over the 0.870 ERA, two complete games and 30 consecutive scoreless innings.
His amazing skills as both Picture and Battle would be similar to Joe Montana becoming
a Hall of Fam defensive back later in his career, or World Chamberlain becoming a Hall
of Fam point guard.
Sorry, I got no hockey reference for you.
Simply put, Barry Bond, that would be like a Bobby Orr becoming a Golly and playing
great.
Simply put, Barry Bond's can't touch the Babe, Babe Ruth did it on Hot Dogs and Beer,
bonds did it on steroids and their story.
As for Ruth playing in the White Era, not facing any dominant Black pictures, you can't
name me three great Black pictures that Bond's has ever had to face over his career.
The only one that comes to mind is Dwight couldn't for a few years.
What about, what's his name from the Cardinals?
Bob Gibson.
Okay, what about the Spanish players and what about traveling?
Whatever, really?
Yeah, I've finished the day I go for it.
Go for it.
See, I'm supposed to be the non-sports guy and I interject these things because I know
a little bit because I was a baseball fan before some of you guys were even like an
embryo which you know what, that means I'm old.
The only one that comes to mind is Dwight couldn't for a few years and late 80's early
90's and Goodon's best years were an 84 and 85 before Bond's came into link.
In nutshell, guess again, Josh sends this anonymous message.
You wanna respond?
But we have to do the break though.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is his brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
May 5th.
Zinc, go, dim, I am.
The Mexican National Holiday.
All stations are giving away trips to Cancun.
Some are giving away trips to Mexico City.
But who are we, or bringing Mexico to you?
That's right.
We're giving away Mexican.
Real live Mexican.
Caram.
We'll be swatdling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel,
relevant station back.
Then we hope you've won to you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican.
Wash your car.
In your house.
Pick your car.
And think you won.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio subbiege.
Beep a tenth color when you hear this sound.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Bathing in delosicum Mexicans is winner's responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
That would break sickle d'Amaya with your own home.
Ever in danger.
With your own very own Mexican.
People will think we help.
Paso.
It's 11.02 at 5.16.
Everybody cue him.
Happy Friday, too.
We got 9002 votes on the poll.
So Chris, you're in.
You got your thousand.
Thank you, everybody.
Oh, man.
What a jackass.
Now, let's see.
Charlie, we also had one other note on here.
All in, Josh, while you're sitting there listening to Charlie,
be this thing about to spy on the bathrooms.
You might want to check out your page there where I sent you the news stories.
Because I emailed you, Brandon, suggestion.
Well, I don't know who's your biggest fan.
You have so many, you know.
So many detractors.
Can I say?
Now, do you see the picture of you on here?
It's got the band's symbol on you over your face.
So, your picture, and it's got a band's.
Oh, you sent it to me?
No, I didn't make that.
I said, by way of Brandon's email, I sent that forwarded to you.
You don't have it?
Take a few, guys.
Anyway, Charlie, B says about spying in the bathroom.
How do people spy on others in bathrooms?
Oh, come on, you'll let your imagination run wild.
Lots of ways.
Spy cams hidden in the ceilings.
People, I mean, what kind of people would go to lengths like that?
People with cell phone cameras sticking them under adjacent stalls.
Okay, well, people do that.
There are websites.
There are websites with love.
People putting a little camera underneath a stall.
Some people think it's hot to watch a woman drop a douce.
A woman, you know, I don't know.
But wait a minute.
What?
When you say the adjacent stall, if it's in a ladies room,
the person saying, next is going to be another lady.
It's not going to be some guy.
You don't know that.
I mean, I, well, I sure hope not.
There are even glory holes that Josh mentioned.
It says, when I come up with pull-ups,
and I try to cover all the bases, Charlie says,
he goes back to this again.
Even the silliest and most ridiculous,
because there are people out there who would do things like that,
and we know they will.
Sticking their cell phone camera under an adjacent stall
to get a shot of somebody taking a leak,
or somebody doing a douce or trace,
or whatever.
Leaving, hopefully, not leaving a trace of anything behind.
Take a look at that artwork.
Yes, I did.
That serious artwork right there.
Well, I mean, it's not the greatest artwork.
We're considering it was slapped together in just a matter of moments.
I think it was a fine job, Brandon, excellent work.
I just inspire people, huh?
No, you were inspired of all week long.
I don't know why.
Now, maybe Chris has not, oh no, wait a minute.
Is Dave Johnson called yet?
Or what?
It's already four minutes after.
Has he tried to call?
No, yet.
Are you sure?
Yeah, he is.
He's been watching it.
I remember he was a little late last year.
Last year?
Yeah.
Or even the last time, like during the pretense,
what are you talking about?
Last year at the Bellmont, who was a little bit late?
Well, he's not calling, and he's retired, he said.
Now, wouldn't that be something if he doesn't call in?
Because nobody called him to remind him to be called in the show,
because that's what George usually does.
And I asked you guys yesterday, is that going to be all said,
oh yeah, he's got the mat line, he calls in.
Well, I forgot all about it.
Now, are you positive you were watching?
Yes, I'm positive, because I hate to think that I shan't them.
You were watching.
Yes.
And it didn't like, no.
Well, how about, like there?
Well, that's it.
That was everything I did that.
Just to catch you off, Corey.
I punched it a little bit.
Well, maybe David isn't going to call, I'll be dead.
That would be bad, because I know we've been doing this for a hundred years.
I know he's retired, but hopefully not expired.
You know what happens if he doesn't call, right?
What's that?
We'll be doomed.
You better watch it, it's good, because OG and the Kemp are going to rip you an ass out in the Monday.
That was good.
We'll be doomed.
You know, I'm sitting here, I listen to that, and I listen to first I read the ASPI report
from my friend, the professor, and then I heard you give me the whole rundown that Robert
Creeper, the Grand Reaper, the Lord of the Board, passed along to you.
And I'm scratching my head thinking, what did I say that could possibly be twisted into that?
And then as we're sitting here listening to that recording from yesterday's show, and I said,
uh, about OJ's I was the Kimba this morning, and then I see tomorrow, meaning today he's
going to be doing something that I don't know what guilty for, and if I was a, oh now we're
really doomed.
Meaning, having him on ear a lot means, and then I, and there's nothing new I've given my
opinion about him as a broadcaster, and he was a term loosely, right from the very time
they stuck his ass on the ear.
He doesn't belong on ear, but then again Q.A.M. is famous for Lenny Martez, and a whole
bunch of other people who don't belong on ear, and people who can't speak.
They just make sounds with their mouth.
And maybe he's, who knows, maybe he's going to be the hottest things in sliced bread.
Maybe the jock's are going to be like, hey, that's OJ, old number, what was the 83?
I don't know anyone.
81.
81.
What ever he was.
Say I'm not a doll fan, so I forget those easily.
Who's 83?
Clayton?
I believe in.
Mark Clayton that goes back too far, I'm talking about more recently, or the returner's
number.
Oh, uh, no.
Mark Clayton, I don't think so.
Oh, there you go.
So what do you think there is an 83?
Or at one end?
Mark.
What's Belker?
Yeah, last year.
I don't know what they're going to be.
I'll tell you one thing if, now what did you say you predicted for a trend
green to get a normal one?
Yeah, I'm thinking a week four concussion.
Oh, that's bad.
He's having a crush on the quarterback.
I was going to be that lemon guy.
Yeah, well, he hasn't got sacked that many times at KC, my friend.
Anyways, there's seven horse fields and Dave Johnson's obviously not calling him.
You got us all excited.
You want us to call him?
Do you want to give me a number or something?
I don't have his number.
George had the number.
And the fact that nobody called him, he must assume that we're not confedulating or something
like that.
I don't know why he would do that.
Maybe in Hank or having a few meals together or something.
You didn't tell me that nobody called him.
I figured he, you know, George usually calls him today before to remind him and then he calls the bad line
and we, you know, I see it ringing and we put him on the ear right away.
Oh, he could be calling on line six here.
Hello, Dave.
Hello, Neil.
That was just a joke.
Like I'm going to start taking calls today.
With this kind of a show the way it's been today and I've got to start taking calls.
Well, maybe we can get a spire before it.
Yeah, I'm interested.
Tell us what they, I tried to find Robert to listen back to the tape to what they said this morning.
That's the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board of the Roper.
That's him.
And he's not around.
If I told you once I told you at times, don't worry about him.
Maybe he's out at minicamp trying to get some of the free food or something.
If anybody heard Bo camp for this morning, what time did this allegedly occur?
I believe he said about 730.
I see.
Around 730 this a.m.
Anybody heard what the hell kind of swill?
He was spewing on the ear about me.
I'd like to, yeah, I'd like, because before I can go off on the ear like I did for the first half hour.
I'd like to know exactly whatever.
This could be it right here, QIM.
I'd like to know if you want that milk.
Yes.
Hi, you're Pally.
Oh, great.
No boy.
I said more on time.
Oh yeah, and you know what?
There, there you go.
That's the same guy that emailed me a couple of weeks ago that he's finally giving up.
He doesn't listen to the show anymore after all these things.
That's Fat Boys' boyfriend.
Yeah, the day that you go away will be the day that it helps.
He's all freezes into a gigantic ice cube, okay, into a creamsicle, you moron.
Oh my god.
56670560, they probably forgot the numbers by now, or maybe nobody was listening at 730 this morning to Kimba Bulkamper.
Because he's going to be toast pretty soon.
That's what I'm hearing.
WDQA, I'm hello.
QA?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to tell Neil.
I was listening in this morning when Bulkamper was slapping his gums.
Yeah.
And basically all he did was say that he had no respect for somebody like Neil.
Who would, I forget what term he used, but he basically said somebody who hides up in Toronto will say whatever they want about people.
But we'll say it to their face.
So he said he had no respect for somebody like Neil.
And that's basically all he said.
I won't say it to their face.
I'll say anything to his face that I'll say right here.
And I have one I've been in the studio down there.
What's the difference is it make where I am?
I knew I am.
And I'm hiding in Toronto.
As a loyal fan of yours, that's why I had a call you and tell you that that's what Bulkamper said.
Okay.
That you hide in Toronto wearing a skirt, by the way.
Well, wearing a skirt?
That's what he said.
Must have had good eyesight.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
Not a problem.
WQA in.
Not there.
QA in, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
And the IRB said today, but they blew it out when he said that word.
Yeah.
They dumped it when he said that I get a steward or whatever.
Right.
So in other words, he alleged that I actually said it on the air?
Yeah, and they dumped it.
And then post-started laughing and then he said something about it.
You were wearing a dress up in Toronto, hiding out in all this blah, blah, blah.
I take your skirt off.
Yeah.
Typical stuff.
Well, I feel real intimidated, you know?
Exactly.
Thanks.
Thanks, Pally.
Okay.
We didn't want to take 80 million.
At least there were some people listening.
That's a good sign.
Some people are evidently really loyal QA listeners.
I think like 90, you know, 90,000 more calls would be good on math.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I don't care.
It's fine with me.
WDQYM, hello.
Nearly.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you also said that you were afraid to come down here to South Florida.
This guy's a real jerk.
I was just there last weekend as a matter of fact.
I didn't have lunch with him.
I didn't go to Ethan's school and I stopped to smell his ball movements.
But I was down in South Florida last weekend.
We love you, Neil.
A whole crowd down here.
You know, this guy's a tall goose.
Looks like a giraffe.
You ever seen him in public?
I worked with my kid 50 years.
He worked with me.
Okay.
So, Garster Indian.
Okay, thanks.
Wow.
So, Garster Engine as an engine.
In front of Killer.
As in that.
Boy, there were some people listening.
That's good.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil?
Yes.
It doesn't matter what the American say because there are worse people on this flag.
Good luck, Neil.
What do you say?
I don't know.
I was hoping you could say a mumble, mumble, mumble.
Oh.
WDQYM, hello.
You can do it.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi.
Hi.
I was hoping to talk to Neil, please.
You're talking to him.
Neil.
Do you have any tapes of when you use the broadcast of baseball games?
I'd love to hear them.
All right.
As a matter of fact, what a great idea.
If I had one of those cassettes here, I'd slap it on right now.
Hurricane's 15 and seat hall nine.
You get out of here.
Wow.
Yeah.
How's that?
I'm going to put my skirt on.
See, that's always the last resort of the dumb jocks.
Resort to the homecoming crap.
A bigger part.
I said they always resort to the gate.
To the fangstuff.
You know, always up there.
We're in a skirt and Gerardo hiding.
Yeah.
I don't say anything different on his show now than I ever did during the 800 years I was working down there.
He knows it.
Everybody else knows it.
And you're just a big tub of crap.
I think Scarester Engine is a perfect description.
Dole.
Dole is it?
Maybe it's just getting two of me.
You know, they finally threw in a number there yesterday.
All of a sudden, yeah, that's right.
This morning he went and owned about that.
So now all of a sudden, he's a macho guy because they threw in a number finally for the first time.
Since that show has been on the air, they threw in a number.
They had a few wired diaries or something happened.
How do you...
I don't even want to go into it.
I don't want to...
I don't want to get down to that level.
I can't start calling names.
Like DUMB and MLRON and D-O-O-M-E-D.
Tom Jack.
I have a school today.
I never got laid.
This girl just don't make sense.
Sorry to say it didn't learn a thing.
Because I was so wasted.
I tried to party and get high.
Texting some girls who shook their thighs.
Want to get laid.
I must get laid.
Can I draw my paintings?
Alright.
Well, I'll try to get these on next time around.
Who is on fire?
I'll try to get my time next time around.
I'm not so bad.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I'm not a part of me.
I need no other forms for this girl.
I have an 18 at 5.60.
I stay corrected.
Thank you, Lou.
I'll give some return to 1975 long before Barry Bonds work here of 1986.
So you agreed with me to see how easy you were because...
I wasn't born.
I didn't get born in 1986.
Oh, yeah.
It was, but not in 1976.
In 1975.
Well, that's 32 years ago.
Well, whatever.
So we never faced a great bug.
Even more ammunition against Barry Bonds.
Anyway, here's this facts.
When I think it was with Boat Camp,
or I think it was the Ethan Skolnik thing,
I think that's the best one.
That was him.
Let me say this to you, Kim.
F-A-G-G-O-T.
Faggot.
Say it.
Spell it.
Let's hear it on Monday, several times.
The stuff about the dress.
We're in a skirt.
Quick beating around the bush.
Come right out and say it.
He's a fag.
You know?
Because I know it's a big secret.
And I'm sure that people will get...
They'll be racing away from the radio as soon as they find out.
This is kind of an amusing fact.
Although I guess isn't it kind of common sense that it's common knowledge that the
Godfather had the putty cat in his hands there in the beginning of the movie?
So speaking of bathrooms, I was at a restaurant just last night standing at the
urinal they had a movie poster from the Godfather.
Until that time, I had never given it any thought.
But I realized that Don Corleone is holding a cat.
What kind of a man holds a cat?
Yay.
I guess I always knew we had a cat in the picture, but I hate cats and sort of
view that as a character flaw for Don Corleone.
I guess I just never thought about it too much, but I was standing there doing my
business and minds tend to wander.
Have a great day.
You too, whoever you are, standing at the urinal.
Think about Don Corleone.
And that putty cat in his arms.
It's not in the very opening scene when he's talking to a bonus set.
I believe in a medic.
And that's in the very opening scene and he puts the cat down on the
I think so, yeah.
I believe so.
942 votes on a very important poll here today on my, and of course we should do a poll on my
wardrobe too, that'll be next.
Maybe Vocamper can discuss that on Monday too on my wardrobe.
I am so wounded.
Faggot.
Say it Kim, you can say it Fag.
Gay or not gay?
Oh, very gay.
Extremely gay.
Now let's see.
Here's the facts it says.
I heard Kim by this morning.
Now, is he stupid or what?
You couldn't wear a skirt with a guava bear eye if it's not factible.
And what kind of name is Kimba anyway?
PR Ralph says.
Plus it says.
Some people just can't handle the truth.
Joe Mellon had rose in the morning and said, oh, there you go.
That sounds like a real plan to me.
Yeah, they must be getting bitter now because they know that that show is a
numbered in days or months or weeks or whatever it is.
And so they must be getting bitter.
So let them take it out on me.
Go right ahead.
Have a good time, Kimba.
Just don't make up crap, okay?
Especially racially charged crap like that.
Because then I get real p-oed.
Pist off and fired up.
I'm just happy when it makes more bacon to read my next break.
I'm so pissed off.
And eat it right on the ear, being the fat, slawed, fag that I am.
I'm not going to skirt the issue though.
I'll tell you that.
Okay, let's get back to this thing.
Maxing a face to the voice.
You know, Dave Johnson is not going to call.
Oh, that's us.
You know, whose fault that is?
I mean, I don't want to say we could live without it because we can't because it's not a very
exciting race.
And it's certainly street senses even running in the bell month tomorrow.
So it's not like a lot of suspense or drama.
There's not going to be a triple crown winner and all of these things.
You know, we knew that after the pre-pins.
But it's just that it's been a tradition on a show for about a hundred years.
And I guess probably what happened is nobody called Dave.
You're reminded to call us.
Probably there was an unaffirmative book.
You know, 943 votes matching a face to the voice.
The first time I saw what he looked like, he looked just like I imagined.
He would 236.
Well, thank God for that.
That doesn't mean good, but just like they thought.
I laughed 160.
They laughed.
I'll out.
He looked worse than what I imagined.
153.
I was mesmerized.
116.
He looked better than what I imagined.
70.
I was horrified.
I was horrified 65.
He looked at me.
He looked at me.
Wow.
I was pleasantly impressed 49.
I was smitten 33.
I still have no clue what it looks like 31.
And I was disappointed, say,
I'm so sorry to disappoint.
The other ones I can deal with horrified are love.
But disappointed, that's bad.
Sorry to disappoint.
Okay, let's get to Greg Cotex and what he wrote that was to be done this four years ago.
Wednesday, July 16, 2003,
bonds gripping the babe feels like blasphemy writes Greg Cotex.
And isn't he on with him across the street?
Does he have an incestuous relationship with those losers across the street?
Yeah, really bad trend yesterday.
Really bad, man.
Wow.
But anyway, we don't care about that.
He's read a couple of good coms over the years, like the facts should point it out.
He's written maybe two or three.
That's it about 30 years old.
It's not too good.
Anything in the way of modesty coming from very bonds would, by this time, seem starvingly,
falsely too much to expect, says Greg.
Very in humility of not met.
He doesn't do humble.
He leads the majors in homers and arrogance.
And there are people who think one forgives the other as if great talent mandates,
preening ego.
But this thing, the babe?
Our principal and his discovered his latest new low.
Bond's bashing babe, roothering the all-star break, this is four years ago,
sort of like a cardinal, not Albert Pujo, as the other kind, choosing Easter at the Vatican to knock the Pope.
You don't disrespect the banbino.
Deference to him is baseball law.
If America's pastime has a deity, it's Babe Ruth.
I'll sure you're officially permitted to poke gentle fun at his worth or if the mincing gate seen in black and white newsreels,
or if the idea of his off-the-field nickname might have been the salt and the swing.
Swig.
Swig isn't booze.
But you do not ever suggest that any conversation about home run hinder should start with any other name the Babe Ruth,
let alone your own name, unless you're very bonds.
As a left-handed hinder, I wiped him out, that's it, Bond's brave Monday, and in the baseball world Babe Ruth's everything, right?
I got his slugging percentage, I'll take his home runs and that's it.
Don't talk about him no more, said Barry.
Hmm, don't talk about him, no more.
It's a marvel how bonds can be so impressively athletic yet have so little grace.
What is he accomplished speaks for itself, if only, the season record of 73 home runs, the 5NBP awards, the reservation in Cooperstown.
But how on becoming that bonds would trumpet himself by knocking American sports all-time icon, a slug or dead nearly 55 years now, but vitally alive is the rarest of legitimate legends.
Did Michael Jordan boast how he wiped out Magic Johnson? Did Dan Marino, then a great Johnny United? Did Hank Aaron, in eventually surpassing Ruth and career homers, if not historical esteem,
display anything but class-learning the record?
For Act Bond's comments were part of a grand scheme, an orchestration by baseball, that I've heard attention from in fact that two days all started game in Chicago that was four years ago,
was dominated by semi-stars with so many first-time selections in match-up-starting pictures, Jason Schmidt and Esteban Loiza.
How you say that?
Lil' Weiser.
Lil' Weiser?
Mom, why is there a, why is there man for it?
Meriting not a marquee but a sandwich for it.
Yeah, that's it, a master plan.
First you leave Sandy Sosa off the theme so the soundtrack of the game won't be Chisos fans writing Sosa like a found-beuel while bombing the field with wine quirks.
Then you create a media diversion by originally stubbing Marlon's Wunderkin Don Trail Willis, knowing full well how eventually get on, while including a power-to-leab with an ERA that looks like a professional borers three-game series.
Then you create more controversy by sacrificing Oakland picture Barry Vito, opposite Zito, to make a last minute roster spot for retiring star Roger Clemens.
Oh, he's not retired.
What's the story? How is he's growing to him?
Then you tap it off by here having Barry Bond's rip the babe.
Oh, one more thing, almost forgot Tuesday night's seventh inning stretch when fans still got angry over last year's All Star Game tie and were given bats and invited a spread actor commissioner Bud Sellig who was dressed as a gigantic sausage.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, Bud the gigantic sausage.
The thing that's so self-danding about Bond's comments beside the goal is that he's wrong. His career numbers do not surpass roots.
Babes 714, Homer's amounted to one every 11.76 at best. Very easy quake to one every 13.36 at best.
Ruth, who I love to leave in Homer's 12 times, bonds to Ruth invented a long ball and he must judge his numbers against his era.
When he had 54 Homer's in 1920, the NAL nationally leader had 15. When he had 60 in 1927, nationally leader had 30.
It's more than home runs. Ruth's career, batting average 3342 was 57 points higher than the sportswide average in his era while bonds 295 is 34 points higher.
Ruth's career on base average 474 was 121 points above average. Bond's 428 was plus 98.
Ruth's career slugging percentage was 290 points better. Barry's is 191.
There are legitimate Yebbutz under the side that fairly neutralize themselves. Yebbut Ruth played before integration against the only white players.
Yebbutz played an era of inflated home run numbers always dogged by suspicions of steroids.
He bonds as the greatest slug of his generation given credit but Barry Ruth invented the genre and remains the standard.
Given respect, says the anxious Greg Cotex in the herald four years ago.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop. And you say?
Uh, now for a break.
Friday, you bastard.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
Any thoughts?
Joyce went to get the new law school.
A little bit more stupid hat rather than turn on.
You may ask, yes, right?
Find the baby food.
Absolutely.
If I don't care, yes, more love, never be worried.
Oh!
Joyce won't let me.
Oh yeah.
Joyce won't let me.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
Joyce won't let me.
I don't want to hear any more times.
It's my disadvantage but I Kita nothing anymore.
We're not known.
It's because we can't know.
Ran away.
That's history.
The violence.
Can't wait to make a film that's like I don't know what happened now!
Give me no more funds, you know we can't play the ball
They love the ball, they love the ball, they love the ball
They love the ball, they love the ball, they love the ball
33-27-0560-WQM, your chaotic station, why are you getting a lot of response and very bonds?
Yeah, a lot of emails, why don't you have them yet?
Oh really? I've only just begun, I've got them from all kinds of people on the Mindspace, 966 votes on the pool
This is the hour that, what's the name, they're Chris, see you're a forgotten man out of the day
Yeah, that's okay, this week Josh is regaining the spotlight
And when he turns up on Monday and then he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there
and he's sitting there and he's sitting there and he's sitting there
my close personal time is he man go have some uh...
old stones he man he's a lot of people here like i said yesterday bitching me
out about get off the ice cream stay alive all of a sudden which you know
good intentions but then he turns around he keeps keeps me up to the latest
flavors like the Boston cream pie
that sound good no no no
sounds good to me but then again i don't think they've ever invented ice cream
flavor that doesn't sound good to me so maybe vanilla
or like german chocolate it's got coconut in what do you know i just
talking the other day like bubble gum cotton candy yeah you're right
that will thank god for that
lots of flavors i can't stand cc says josh sounds great
you did a great job this week is the supposed to provoke an express opinions
let them hate you if they want uh... if you they want josh as long as they
spread your name right
and then cc says in a moment of weakness here when i grew up i want to be
just like you
ha ha ha ha ha yeah
who
that mean a legendary or uh... legendary old queen
i'm looking forward to starting my radio career next year so you do
manage and hanker my all-time favorites
well here we are all in the same station and wq a m
what huh what
tell joys to keep her joys and ass out of the show what the joys as well with
her she was a joys who if i was a joys hold as big as her i'd blow my
joys and brains out cc
leave the greatest joys and show i'm joys and your flow and joys you
joys and joys you
if i you don't leave the god alone i'll be forcing a couple of mother
joys and brothers together come to joys and naples and give you a
sternly written letter by the way please give me a shot of ice and i always
request ice and i'm not going to give you this cc because you're good
guidance a good
what you're uh... really outstanding fact is today
there you go there's a shot of ice
in fact here's a shot at i'm now moving along
i forgot to about print out who this is from it's from one of our others a
couple of different ones
uh... the company that least out seven ninety Jefferson pilot and owns magic
put itself up for sale today
wow wouldn't be something if uh... another company buys
the station that frequency all of a sudden it's no more
i mean we're not starting any rumors don't get all of schedule
that was crisps that was it no i think it was just started that one
didn't you yeah well i was told it
yeah he'll go again just like i said this on the air and i said that on the
air and i said yeah sure not
anyway they put themselves up for sale Jefferson pilot which is not
Lincoln financial formally Jefferson pilot the place known as uh... dumb
well what what uh... what's his name's going to do
then it's Collins
then it's the meanest
without no we miss
here's another one says no one's popular to the uh... no it's not popular
defendbury bonds but
i just wanted to interject some physics and the equation when comparing
bayruth the bonds
everyone tries to compare the two but i'll say it's no different than
comparing apples and oranges you're right absolutely correct yes you can't do
it
some obvious pluses for bonds that he stole over five hundred bases was a gold
glove outfielder most of those were deserved rufus not much of a base to
the run out of gold clever but you can substitute is pitching for that that's
correct
britain pitcher
however let me talk physics back in ruther day he's anywhere between a forty
two and forty seven ounce bad most guys back then did so
bonds use a thirty two ounce fat
why is this important
it's important because it is not physically possible today
majorly quality ninety five mile hour fastball back in the days of ruther
didn't have to see if it's a good pitch is
the only had a few pictures of approach ninety miles an hour very few
and mostly through fastball change of having discovered many of the pictures
thrown today most notably the cut fastball
therefore with a forty seven ounce bad he could wait to see the eighty mile
hour fastball
pinpoint location still have time to get the oversized barrel on the ball
also
the oversized barrel out for more coverage of the strike zone
if even the biggest steroid junky went up to the plate with a forty seven
ounce bad they'd be helpless
against the day sophisticated pictures
the only way to hit today's pitch use to have the ability to wait long enough
to recognize the pitch and still be able to get the back through the strike
so hence the smaller bad laws into a longer
the largest bad used in the last twenty years i know was a mark required back thirty
six ounce
of course using such a large that would also be reason for all the strikeouts
one more obvious thing a ball flying off of forty seven ounce bad travels a
lot farther than a ball off of thirty two ounce bad so in root guest right
he had monster shots
bonds monster shots could be treated to his use of performance enhancing
substances
wears the bell josh
well i also i mean i want to go on a point that i didn't bring up there you know
was i i relate the babe i mean playing baseball in the twenty
you know i mean he was a picture and a hitter i mean obviously you couldn't do
that today
you know i mean the quality of baseball i i think it's like the will chamberland
thing will chamber one hundred points to use the one that is these that there were
pictures were such good hitters they were used as pinch hitters whitey forward
pinch it several times down the last in the eighties
pinch it many times he was an excellent hitter i'm saying that's a quality of
baseball you're talking about right there
you know i mean i know it's like will chamberland played with a bunch of
mitchets so he scored a hundred points in a game
are you knocking will chamberland i am not in the right time
that's right you're still for very fun i heard you call people
i'm a your friend huh
nine seventy nine in the pool that's Chris's department everybody seems to be
doing well Josh is generating a lot of controversy a lot of hate
i'm generating a lot of psychosis by Kim a bowl camper who's i guess you know
upset about my wardrobe and everybody's going to be able to send me a nice
hoop skirt to wear for my birthday this November
let me say it again Kim
bag it fairy queer set all these words okay there you go i can handle it
floss that paycheck HE'VE showing up infected i like you doing that we can write
that and maybe that's went if you call into them
empecicipant
yeahanya gay
backside
at right there okay got to facts that i play that said
Neil, your gay with question marks, you know, so somebody must have just found out for the
first time. Oh boy. That you were a queen. A queen, old queen. 19th of
noon on 560 WQM, the home of the old queen, the ancient old faggot, Mata
Cohn. That's me.
Yeah, yeah.
Without y'all, this is a boy, he might see how you do
Check this out.
Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book. Read a book
Read a book up. Read a book
Bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin' lay, bustin
lay out, boom, la la la la, bustin' layacak quedeleque conclo  cette au contra efficace
Ried on loose zod baw Bow snop that's no make, eh eh eh ehd
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, I-E-A-D-A-D-O.
Our words come to words half somebody read one, two. 1148, 12 minutes before noon at 5.60. W-Q-A-M.
We got Curtis Adolphin's minicamp for the Mad Dog or two. Mad Dog's on vacation this week. Couldn't we have just said that all week instead of, you know, he's on vacation. He's entitled.
And he's probably on vacation most of the rest of you when you come to say he's entitled to a lot. He's entitled to whatever he can get. More power to you Jimmy.
Jim Manwich. Now there's a guy. 990 votes on the pool before the end of the hour before it. A little hand hits the big hand. Chris is going to have his 1000. He's going to be like fat and sassy.
What was the deal with the food? Is it today that the food was coming in or was it next week? I think next week. I guess. I don't think pot on Friday. And that's because I'm not going to be here. Of course I'm not there anyway. I'll have to stop in for that.
Get a little fun, dude. Yeah, you do for a little fun. There's no question about that. I sure hope that they don't know you're going to be there for the food.
They might put a little something in there special extra for your ass. Here's a fact that says, but what's with all the very bond stuff here on the non sports show? Wow, you got them all whipped up.
I can't stand them personally. And I think the whole thing is team. Taint would have looked like. And I don't care. Only one question must be asked simply without the royalties as bonds come close to the home run record.
This is a chronic regular factor without any name. I think the answer is obvious. The answer is no consolation is every time a run hits home run. It comes close to taking the record from bonds. Is that true? I don't know how many of you are like I'm a run. He will he will one day or he will pass him will probably.
I'm not talking on the field. I'm talking in the bedroom. Well, we don't we don't know about that. And we don't care like I said the other day. Who really cares about things? It kind of people that care about stuff like that. I have no.
Those kind of people people who can't get any they're the ones who are all whipped up about it. Who everybody else is. I have no. You know like that. Do one and screw. Now can I get back to the show or what? Please do. I don't think we ever started. They did we and Dave Johnson never did call. Wow. I am wounded. And whose fault is that probably Josh.
But do you want me to get him on the phone? I mean, I'll call George will get this thing. What is not that important? Okay. I'm not going to like start. I'm asking. Have a show us interrupt us again. You know, I mean. Show us interrupt us.
Oh, Judge Hurt is Ellie shares Department of Rampyrus. Help the the courthouse. I'll ride. This is not all morning long. Another saying just in. Well, she didn't show up. I thought she was supposed to show up there again. This morning. She didn't show up. Of course, it's only a 51 in the morning. She's probably getting her beauty sleep and believe you me.
If she's getting beauty sleep in a year 2525, it might be safe to wake her ass up. Talk about me. A sky talk about part shame. Talk about a real nothing.
I told you how sharp and said that this is a classic example of racism. That's right that they let her ask out early. She was supposed to do 23 days showing did three.
And how sharp and says that's the racist system. Just like OJ getting off. I guess it would be the same thing. Right. I'm sorry. That's OJ Simpson. We better now. When we start talking about OJ.
Now that everybody's so sensitive here about something I allegedly said that they made up which I didn't even come close to send. Let's make sure we, you know, because I should have won a lump.
Oh, Jay McDuffie and with any other old man. In fact, wouldn't you think that maybe it wouldn't be a good idea to name your kid OJ after all I have no idea how old he is.
What was the year for the murders? 80. No, 90s. 90 or something. Yeah. Get out of here. I was out there. OJ trial. 92. Yeah, if not not later.
94. I'll Google it. Same year as the World Cup. Well, the World Cup was last summer. I was there. I'm going to be an I'm Berliner, baby. Wow.
I want to relive those moments right now in Berlin. Anyway. Oh, man. 99. The next vote will put you over 1000. Chris. Then you'll be all set. Now what was the 94? Yeah. 94. I was right. I'm my 10th try.
Well, that's good. So that's 13 years ago. So OJ McDuffie was born long before 13 years ago. So he had given up his plan for probably for the doofens at that time for the doofens.
The doofus don't stay use the words like that because then they're going to say do you hear when he'll say he said he called him Rufus not doofus. That's right. OJ Rufus.
You better watch yourself. Mr. That was Josh Cornus. I want to put that on the record right now. Okay. Quick call and names you idiot. You lunatic. You moron. You you fair. Right.
I just refresh that baby. We still got 99. They're playing hard to get on that last vote. 99. I keep clicking at words as you current. You know 99. Come on. Somebody vote for Chris for Christ's. 99. Let's go people. Come on. Yeah. Come on. Somebody stop paying Josh and start voting. Maybe vote.
No. Can't rule. Maybe he's hanging out at home with it. Maybe somebody showing him how to use that computer. 99. Don't skirt the issue. Kimba. And it's still 99. I guess he's all been out of shape because of that thing.
Why out of him about to be Ethan Skolnick's boyfriend on the side. What else was he doing at his house? Why would a an X-Jock broadcast a reledge TV radio all these things? Why would he be hanging out at some flucky sportswriter that nobody ever heard of before?
Their boys. Oh, the boys hanging out. Their boys were hanging out. Let's see it. I think Eric is put it on hold. Oh, there's a thought. Oh, thank God. Wow. That was that was quite an exercise. And you know what I think is caused a problem here? What all the very bonds talk? It's not a sports show. It's not a magazine. Not a, you know, sports page. A book. I'm of a scratch in book, baby.
It's what you say. It's Josh's fault. Everything was Josh's fault. You know, I have a T-shirt. I guess I gave it away. I had a T-shirt from my OD that said there was Steve Nichols idea. It was a good idea. Nice going Steve wherever you are. Put the bottle away.
But it was his idea that they print it up these shirts. It says it's Niels fault that. You know, when it rains, when anything bad happens, it's my fault.
And now we got we got to have Josh cordless t-shirts. It's Josh sees fall. You know, that's right. He's got to get bad diarrhea. If you know if there's a flood somewhere, if we have the drought, well, whatever it's you know, selling for 1999.
I'm QAM dot com. That's right. Another new another auction. Another new revenue stream. I'll never forget that as long as I live. Whenever one of that scam. I mean that whatever that thing was auction. The auction online. Other things that still go on. Is it no? Thank God. That was so embarrassing. When they tried to defend it, I think I think Clarence was trying to say, oh, it's another revenue stream for the company. Right. Stream this. God. Hey, I got a stream for your choice.
All over your desk, all over your head. The endless stream. 1009, 1009 matching a face to the voice. Well, I got a face for radio. I admit that and a body. The first time I saw what Neil looked like, he looked just the way I imagined he would 255. I really don't know what that means, but you know, that's not bad. I laughed 169. A little. He looked worse than what I imagined 159. I was mesmerized. 120. He looked better than what I imagined. 79.
I was horrified. 73. I was pleasantly impressed. 55. Obviously people with bad vision visually challenged people. 55. I still have no clue what it looks like. 33. I was disappointed. 33. And I was smitten. 33.
This is very quick. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour. All right.
Tom Gray is out. I want some wind. You ain't seen no man. Why like gravy with you fairy.
He's a good ball. They do a silent world of meat. The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to build some keys.
I want to hear people want to date, but there's no chance at all. So does the thing for you sports women if I want to see him grab the balls?
Oh baby wow. Look at that kid. You ain't seen no man. Why like gravy with you?
I got a high energy screen that helps me see his bones. I can do what I want. But I ain't gonna ever get none.
No, today's a for business school. Okay, that's not so great. But I'm personal with the family. At least until at least 28. Oh my god.
Tom Gray is out. I want some wind. You ain't seen no man. Why like gravy with you?
Oh baby wow. Look at that kid. You ain't seen no man. Why like gravy with you?
So about 285 60 WQ I'm happy Friday to you. I'll take it one thing boy. This is really some kind of a day. And what I want appropriate to because it's the last day of the non summer schedule for a whole year.
You know what I mean? Yeah. And the next week I'm working like Monday through Thursday. In fact, I think I'm taking off early Thursday. I do believe that would be bad, but I'll do it anyway.
And then when I come back from vacation, it's that summer schedule. George Monday Wednesday and Friday with Josh. I mean with Chris. And then I'll be on Tuesday and Thursday.
You try it right away again. Hey, you got a thousand and twenty one votes. You're doing a fine job. Keeper of the pool. Well, thank you very much.
There's the keeper of the keys and the, you know, the grim reaper. The Lord of the board.
MIT researcher said yesterday will soon be able to charge a computer or cell phone battery from across a room.
Perhaps making the annoyance of wires or dead batteries. A thing of the past. Did you hear about this? That's fantastic.
Wireless power, baby. MIT scientists and their wireless energy transfer technology may soon eliminate wires that tether out.
Tether our machines to wall sockets or make keep batteries topped up and ready to go.
This invention could free us from power cables and ideally replace batteries to a good extent.
At least in the context of a home or office setting said, and we're still this.
Corralis a student member of the MIT team that worked for four years on the problem.
The team at MIT, a tapuac academic laboratory has shown their fledgling.
Why Tricity technology can power a sixty watt bulb from a power source seven feet away?
That's enough juice. Oops. The power and average lactops said Merrin, so jack-ick, professor of physics at MIT in Cambridge, who called the experiment a major milestone.
The technology's almost at the point where it could be used for a practical application.
The technology is simple and based on resonance, which causes an object to vibrate when energy of a certain frequency is applied to it.
Two resonant objects on the same resonance frequency can exchange energy efficiently while interacting weekly with objects that are on the same wavelength.
For the light bulb experiment, the MIT team used electromagnetic resonators in the form of copper coils.
One of the coils was attached to a power source, the other acted as a receiver.
The transmitter made electrical vibrations of a certain frequency which ripple across an electromagnetic field to the receiver or resonator.
The researchers now plan to make the electricity technology more efficient, perhaps by using different materials, though they don't believe its range will reach beyond a room or a factory floor.
However, the confidence of the system can improve to the point that consumers can dispense with power cords for their laptops, PBAs, blackberries or cell phones if they're being used in the same room as the power source.
This is a major milestone said, so jack-ick, the technology is almost at the point where it could be used for a practical application.
I like that. Good. They need to do something.
Now, you have a blackberry. Does your battery die real quick on that? No, it doesn't.
And you want to know why? I do what I've never replaced the battery. I've had it like two years.
I have never replaced this battery. But did you get a bigger battery when you got your phone or did you just use the one that came with the phone?
What does that mean? You can buy batteries. You know, they're all long-term. I just used the one that came with.
In fact, I'm opening it up right now and I'm looking at it. Someone came with the blackberry. It says blackberry on the battery.
My phone runs Windows Mobile, so that thing dies. I got to charge that thing like twice a day.
What I was going to say is that everybody says, because what I do is when I go to bed at night, I plug this baby in and charge it overnight.
That's what I did. Well, of course. So it's going to fool. Well, what do you see? Of course, people tell me, don't charge it until it's run all the way almost down.
That's old batteries. Older batteries every time they would remember where you last charged that and lose the life.
They actually last, old ones last longer if you charge it that way. If you wait till it's completely drained and then charged it.
But you knew it was completely drained. It would have a battery memory basically.
And say you charged that 80% battery. Well, that 80% is now your actual 100% of the battery life.
And then if you did, it saves last 20%.
Exactly. And then if you do that again, you lose another percent. But the newer batteries, it doesn't matter anymore.
Because like the number is across the street yesterday, it's lost 20%, 30%.
Not too good. I'd be real nervous about that. I think being in the station, being sold, the company being bought.
But look at that. Verifying security software. And I'm right back up and ready to go. Rebooted. And just a matter of moments.
I'll say, I don't know why the hell I had to do that. I didn't. So in other words, I am doing the right thing then.
Yes. Yeah.
Now, let me just take a peek just to see. Just out of curiosity and see what percent I got left.
I'm very, see when I go to Europe, for example, I take the one good thing about the cord on here.
It's got that adapter on the end where it's got the interchangeable plugs for US or for European.
Do you know what I mean? Cool. 85% the battery is still a good. And here it is after noon already.
Now, is that good or? Yeah, it's pretty solid. Is it rock solid? Rock solid.
1026 votes on the Chris's puller. Actually, it's Charlie B's pull. Let's give Charlie all the credit in the world in spite of the fact that Josh and here have a little bit of a problem.
They have a little bit of a snip.
Gareth Porter on Interfer service rights could al-Qaeda attack trigger war with Iran. Oh, brother.
If we can just close our eyes and get through this next year and a half, just hang on tight.
Following revelations of a George W. Bush administration policy to hold Iran responsible for any al-Qaeda attack on the West,
there could be portrayed as planned on Iranian soil, former national security adviser's big new Brazinski award last week that Washington might use such an incident as a pretext to bomb Iran.
As John McCain would say, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb. Like that is not what he would say.
Brazinski is a crazy person and people are saying, well, I'm going to vote for John McCain. I like that lump on his cheek.
Brazinski national security adviser to Jimmy Carter from 77 through AD and most senior democratic party figure on national security
told a private meeting sponsored by the nonpartisan committee for the Republican Washington May 30 that an al-Qaeda terrorist attack in the US-intensive of a war between the US and Iran was a possibility that must be taken seriously and that the Bush administration might accuse Iran of responsibility for such an attack and use it to justify carrying out an attack on Iran.
Brazinski suggested that new constraints were needed on presidential war powers to reduce the risk of war against Iran based on such a false pretense, just like we had a false pretense for the invasion of Iraq, the Iraq attack.
Such constraints Brazinski said should not prevent the President from using force in response to an attack on the US but should make it more difficult to carry out an attack without an adequate justification.
You know, like for the hell of it.
Brazinski's warning came a few weeks after the publication in late April of former CIA director George Tens memoirs which revealed that CIA officials had told Iranian officials in a face-to-face meeting that the Bush administration would hold Iran responsible for any al-Qaeda attack on the US that was planned from Iranian territory or that Bush claim was planned in a Iranian territory.
How do we know that? If that's the case, how come we haven't invaded Saudi Arabia?
Oh, and they found that thing on Bandar Bush was on NBC Newsline, standing all the billions of dollars that they ripped off and he said, what's wrong with corruption?
What's wrong with it? That was Bandar Bush's remark. What's wrong with corruption? It's just fine.
Hmm. The Bush administration has made persistent claims over the past five years that Iran is harbored al-Qaeda operatives who have fled from Afghanistan and that they've participated in playing terror restrictions claims that were not supported by intelligence analysts.
Pentagon officials leaked information to CBS in May 2003 that they had evidence that al-Qaeda leaders would found safe haven in Iran and planted directed terrorist operations in Saudi Arabia and elsewhere.
Then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld also encouraged that interference when he declared on May 29, 2003 that Iran had permitted senior al-Qaeda officials to operate in their country.
We know that most of those terrorists, 15 of them on 9-11, came from Saudi Arabia. We haven't invaded there yet. We haven't looked up that long.
Cheers!
Opposed to the oil fields in Saudi Arabia, which we should have done a long time ago. Because they're the Bush's buddies, baby. Bandar Bush.
The leak in public statement allows the media and audiences to infer that the safe haven had been deliberately provided by Iranian authorities.
But most US intelligence analysts specializing on the Persian Gulf believe the al-Qaeda officials in Iran who were still communicating with operatives elsewhere.
We're in hiding rather than under arrest.
Former National Intelligence Officer for Niraeest in South Asia, Paul Pilar, told IPS in an interview last year that the general impression was that the al-Qaeda operatives were not in Iran with the complicity of the Iranian authorities.
Former CIA analyst Ken Pollack was a Persian Gulf specialist on the National Security Council staff in 2001 wrote in the Persian puzzle.
These al-Qaeda leaders apparently were operating in eastern Iran, which is a bit like the Wild West. He added, pointedly, it was not as if these al-Qaeda leaders had been under lock and key in President Tehran, and were allowed to make phone calls and set up the attacks.
Although most elements in the Bush administration appeared to oppose military action against Iran, Vice President Cheney has reportedly advocated that course. He also has continued to raise the issue of al-Qaeda officials in Iran.
He's a crazy person, a Nazi illiterate, and he's making millions and millions, and his good friends and business are making billions.
Cheney told Fox News interview May 14, that there are a number of senior al-Qaeda officials in Iran that they've been there since the spring of 2003.
About the time we launched operations into Iraq, the Iranians rounded up a number of al-Qaeda individuals and placed them under house arrest. He didn't say that the al-Qaeda officials who were communicating with operatives outside Iran were under house arrest.
But I mean, put a move, but Iran, the beef goes on, man.
Surprise! And of course the good thing is we got the Democrats to act as the buffer. You know what I mean?
Oh my God!
Oh, just like they did on the immigration bill last night, as the buffer. You know, make sure damn sure that we don't get that stupid ass thing through there.
Hey, guess what? We're going to wave a magic wand. All you people that came across the border, you're okay. You're okay, I'm okay.
Because our friends in big business need that real cheap labor, baby. I mean, who the hell's going to do a job like Chris is doing?
Yeah, exactly. I think Monday Chris is going to be replaced by some Mexican.
I mean, like that. I don't know, I just think I had to do it.
I highly respect big corporate lawyers. So she may say that she ain't.
Here's what bitch who don't have a clue on what she's doing. Look somehow she tickles their pain.
Tracer bitch bitch should get fired. Tracer bitch bitch should get fired.
Back down.
How was the hell bitch? She can hire me.
Tracer bitch bitch should get fired.
I want it to work out. Tracer bitch bitch should get fired.
Tracer bitch bitch should get fired.
She go out and get some money. I got it. Tracer bitch bitch should get fired.
Twenty-ten at five sixty to the QA. I'll be the motivation behind somebody making up crap like we heard this morning on the Kimba Bull camper without Kenny Walker show.
I'll be somebody's motivation in doing that.
Who knows?
I just throw that out there. It's a rhetorical question. You know what I'm saying?
Maybe somebody is looking for midday, you know?
Maybe.
Ain't going to happen sweetheart.
Thousand forty-eight votes on Chris's poll. He's pleased. He's pleased this part.
I am too because it's all over the place. You know they were pleased. They were disappointed. They were horrified when they saw my push.
Whatever. Take a puke at it. It is what it is.
Andrew Gumball in the independent UK rights. Darryl Hanna joins Amazon protesters taking an oil giant.
Sounds fishy to me.
Whatever happened to her by the way?
Or she was in kill bill.
Yes. Right?
Yes.
Now you're going to be very depressed when I attended this. I haven't seen kill bill part one or two or...
Well it's not your kind of movie. Why not?
You know it's just a lot of violence. So what's wrong with that?
I don't know.
How about Godfather? Is there a lot of violence in the Godfather?
Not totally a kind of violence.
Totally a kind of violence.
Not gratuitous violence?
Right.
Darryl Hanna the actress turned environment list, is handing your voice to a campaign.
I guess I can reach over and shut this thing off right?
I guess they're pretty safe to assume Dave Johnson is going to...
An MP did call you to say, oh guess what the bad lines were in. Right?
Yeah.
Not going to happen. Not going to happen now.
I feel like we've been shined. I feel like I've been...
Gone to the prom and been stood up.
Darryl Hanna is adding her voice to a campaign demanding redress for the inhabitants of Ecuador's Amazon region,
which has been blighted by 30 years...
About 30, man!
...of oil exploration by Texaco.
The 46-year-old star of splash and kill bill was hoping to meet Ecuador's presence Raphael Corrillo.
This week on Monday she toured the region, 100 miles east of Quido, the Ecuadorian capital,
where toxic waste dumped by Texaco, now part of the Anxious Chevron Corporation,
has seeped into the groundwater and according to the growing body of medical evidence,
caused medical problems including respiratory illnesses, skin infections, infertility, and various cancers.
All of these...
All of these things.
She attended the opening of a photographic exhibit in Quido,
in which the ravages of the past and present are chronicle.
She was accompanied by a corantka culture who played polcahontas
and Terence Malik's retelling of the settlement of the Americas, the New World.
Polcahontas.
What's that Bob and Tom bit we got about polcahont?
I'm sure it's something we can't play on here, because it's good, you know.
At stake is the outcome of a long-running lawsuit against Texaco and Chevron,
which is being heard in the Amazonian town of Lago Agrio.
The court is expected to rule next year in a country where the courts are proud of a struggle
for political supremacy, however.
Environmentalists and indigenous rights activists want the issues to receive the water's possible pubic airing.
For decades, Ecuador's policy with the Ladoria companies explore and drill at will.
Part of its strategy to raise the maximum foreign currency revenue to pay off debt
and also ensure it didn't antagonize the USA.
That's going to be next after we finish off a round, we're invading Ecuador, baby.
And then of course, Venezuela.
But that may be changing after life to his election, Mr. Correa,
a leftist allied with Hivo Chavez in Venezuela,
was vowed to prioritize social spending over debt repayment
and warned the U.S. that it can no longer count on unconditional support
for its military bases and commercial ambitions.
The warm welcome enjoyed by Ms. Hannah Contrash strongly with the protest five years ago,
mounted by Julia Butterfly Hill, an American activist best known for spending two years living
in an endangered Redwood tree in Northern California.
How'd you like to live in a Redwood tree for two years?
Almost.
Can you imagine the pile at the bottom?
Wow.
Yeah, I'd rather not.
Ms. Taylor was arrested thrown out of the country and publicly ridiculed by then
conservative President Gustavo Neboa.
The little gringos have been arrested including the old cockatoo who climbs trees
Mr. Neboa boasted.
Texas exploded the area around Lago Aguario, a town renamed after the site of its world headquarters
in Sauer Lake, Texas, from the 60s until 92.
Its oil and dump heavy sludge in more than 600 online open pits and flushed as much as
20 billion gallons of wastewater in various rivers and wetlands.
Environmental estimates had some two and a half million acres of rainforest covering an area
from just below the Colombian border to the Napo River, a tributary of the Amazon and beyond,
either compromised or effectively destroyed.
Nice.
Very nice.
What should expect from the old cobbation?
Anything nice?
No.
There are butchers, there are rapists, there are murderers, all of these things.
So, walk.
That's my suggestion.
You know, you've got 20 mile trip to work, walk it.
Walk that flag off, Chris.
Now, you live in Dave County and the station's in Dave County.
Should be an easy walk for you.
I guess that's 35 miles by the time I come back.
Not a problem.
1056.
Now, what are we shooting for today?
Do we have a goal or it's Friday?
You know, it's a dog day.
Let's go for a 12 hundred for the day.
Why?
You heard me.
When are they hate Chris' effects is going to start coming in?
One story.
What's the next story?
You owe Josh something.
I'll say that like a dinner.
Because he took all the heat off of your fan ass.
He took all the abuse and the grief this week.
My God.
Talk about piling on.
All right, when I make as much money as he does, I'll buy him a dinner.
You see, he's making the big bucks.
Compared to me, yeah.
And a guy that can afford to go to Vegas and gamble his guts out out there and also hire some cheap hooker, expensive hooker.
That's right, expensive.
And of course, if you're going to end, I don't see you created a problem for yourself.
That story yesterday about the Christmas party, whatever party was.
Why is that a problem?
Because you said you got a little tipsy, which is not unusual for you.
And since you told us already you're going to Vegas to drink.
You might lose your stability there.
You might lose your...
I was determined to be monogamous in your relationship with your friend.
I was single at the time.
I was single at the time.
It wasn't no problem.
It wasn't anything.
I didn't think about the party when you did that nasty.
Oh, boy.
I don't want to repeat it on the air because it was not appetizing.
It was right in the middle of lunch hour.
It had something to do with odor, part of it.
Oh, geez.
1056 on our world famous pool.
No, Dave Johnson.
We got the bell month tomorrow.
But I already shut the monitor off.
So he calls too bad Dave, you lose.
He probably forgot about us.
How come...
Why would he do that?
Bastard.
What?
Huh?
I'm telling you, you better watch your stuff this day.
You got the purple crown next year too.
And of course, after that, who knows?
I may be in retirement after that.
You never know.
In fact, after that, it might be...
It might be a bow and oj in the midday show here.
On QAM, you never know.
I know one thing.
It sure is how won't be bow on the morning show.
I guarantee you that.
Or whatever else we got on it.
I think they're going to be toast is what I'm thinking.
I could be wrong.
Now, he got kind of like chime in also on this crap or what?
I'm sure he did.
Because we know that he's a real suck off.
That's his role in life.
It's just, you know, whatever bow would have said.
He would have just sucked up right off.
Oh, yeah. He's up there wearing a skirt that pansy, you know.
See, it's okay to say pansy and fagging or in fruit.
Even if you don't use the word.
That's okay.
But if somebody would have said jayrass, you know, whatever goes after that.
That would have been really bad, right?
Yeah.
That's the double standard we have in America.
You can say anything you want about anybody you want.
But don't be picking on, you know, certain folks.
Why, though, you were stupid.
You're daddy, daddy, daddy, you suck.
My short, daddy.
There's two things on all for sure.
Daddy, you're loser.
I would not put in my pants.
I think mommy cheap funny.
I think mommy cheap funny.
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like deer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Looking like a mama, a little more everyday.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I asked to turn tricks for cash.
I drove the car into a tree.
Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a dose for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Daddy, that's my ass.
I think I have Siffle.
Hey, Pop, we're moving in.
Dad, I asked Newt.
I'm a lesbian.
1232 or 566 WQM.
You never know.
Father's Day, a week from Sunday.
You're pretty pumped up about that.
I'm pretty not pumped out about Freaky Carlos just walked in here and gave me a letter.
Addressed to me.
Yes.
It's from a Charlie and it's a pole.
That's awesome.
Freaky Carlos, you're fairy.
Delivered you a letter.
Now, is there a stamp in it?
A regular letter?
It's addressed to you with the station.
And inside it's got a pole from a Charlie Therote.
What?
What language are you speaking now?
You seem to have lost it.
We were doing fine until about 20 seconds ago.
What do you mean what language am I speaking?
This is a letter addressed to me.
It's not from Charlie B?
No, Charlie T.
Oh, excuse me.
What is the pole?
It's a hockey pole.
That's from Bullcamp or make no mistake about that.
They're trying to sanitize the show.
The interesting thing of it is this crap, in fact, Moe was spewing the same crap.
We sit up there in Toronto and he doesn't have the balls to come down here and face me.
I remember the time when I did come down.
It's subsequent to that idiotic conversation, allegation to the Viz.
He was sitting there on the bench.
You know that sits out there, buddy.
Covered parking outside?
Yeah, the smoking benches.
Sitting out there and B.S.ing with whomever, ripping everybody and ass.
I got out of the car and I made some cost to come at him.
Nothing really nasty.
He looked at me.
F you and F the ground you walk on.
You see what I'm saying about that letter?
He's all shook up right now.
Wow, I guess you probably thought there was a check emitter or something.
Those are the only envelopes you usually open.
So the pole was a hockey pole?
What was the question?
It's in the garbage, man.
What was it about?
You didn't even look at it?
Like, no, barely.
Here's a hockey pole for QAM or something.
I don't know.
People are trying to help you out with a pole for the...
What's he got to do with a pole?
Chris, not ours for the QAM website.
Oh, for the QAM website.
Oh, for that.
It doesn't even make sense.
It says hockey WQAM pole for the near Roger show.
And what does it say on a page?
I mean, you can certainly dig it out of the way.
It's not a question.
There's just five answers.
Yeah.
One, would like to hear some hockey talk on WQAM.
No.
Two would like to never...
Would like to never like to hear any hockey talk on WQAM.
That is correct.
That's what they want.
By the way, the game last Saturday, the fourth game of the Sandle Cup finals, had the lowest rating of any prime time program.
Not just sports program, but any program in NBC's history.
Wow.
I think even part cheesy on the educational channel, channel beat it out.
That's how low the number was.
There are no hockey fans in America.
You count them on the fingers of one hand.
And don't tell me about Panther fans.
Oh, please.
Cracker, please.
10-74, you're saying we're going to make 1200.
Well, we better get to 11 first.
We'll do 11, something better at the top of the hour.
I think you got a shot, Chris.
We got...
This is going to do it.
He's become the pole man.
You can't keep a good pole man down.
Carloads of attackers, things are going really well in a rack by the way.
They are really doing fabulous.
Take up a job.
Carloads of attackers, dissident on a police chiefs house north of the town.
Both east of Baghdad and Adon today killing the officials' wife, two brothers, and 11 guards,
and kidnapping three of his grown children.
The attackers came when the police chief was not at home.
It was one of the boldest and bloodiest in months.
And stepped up violence around the city of Bakruba where Al-Qaeda and Iraq and Afiliy groups have been fighting U.S. and Iraqi forces
and local insurgents who turned against Al-Qaeda.
And of course, keep in mind when Saddam was in power there was no Al-Qaeda in Iraq.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I know it's stupid for me to say that.
What do you talk about?
I just mentioned that in passing.
Really, Schmidt, the stripper that I am, being the evil guy who sits up here.
I started to mention that before the most thing.
That he was feeling the same.
He sits up there at the rock door.
I won't say this though.
Well, I'm not saying anything different sitting here than I ever did sitting in that chair where you're sitting right now, Josh.
Am I?
No.
Am I ripping people more than I ever did sitting right there?
Of course not.
I will say it right to your face.
You can walk into the studio, Kimba, and I'll look you in the face and talk about how absolutely dull you are and what a bore you are.
That's what I'll talk about.
And by the way, quit talking about how Ethan's Skolnik's ball move and sniff.
I'll say that right to your big totem pole like existence.
Okay?
I'm not intimidated by some big outer-shaped-x jock.
Or even in-shaped-jock like a Brady Quinn.
I guess it would be intimidated.
That's a different way.
See, there was that fact thing again.
I can't control it.
I can't control it, Kimba.
I'm just a faggot.
That's all.
I can't control it.
1077 and at pole 77, every time I say that, you know what it reminds me of?
W-A-B-C!
Yeah, that's right.
Let's do some more research on Chubby Checker while we're at it.
Forget about Barry Barnes.
At least everybody likes Chubby Checker.
Who don't like the twist, right?
Right.
In fact, I think to kill a boredom, there's a certain, you know, everybody's so disgusted with the oil prices and the war in Iraq and all the death and destruction.
And bush and the lies and the indictments and the corruption and stuff like that.
And like Bandaar Bush said, what's wrong with corruption?
I mean, talk about Hutzpah.
What's wrong with corruption?
He said that, you know-
Boy, does he have a lot of clips?
Well, the straight push, like, you know, what's wrong with corruption?
We're stealing a lot of crazy and we're raping the American public.
And what do you people pissed off about?
We're the Saudis, dang it.
And we're good buddies with your, uh, the Bush family.
10-81-81 on your poll.
Keep them puppet in there.
We want to make 1200 days.
It would be bad to go out for the weekend, uh, falling short, you know?
You never want to fall short on the weekend, do you?
No, but if we do, what does it point off?
Now, what's the schedule look like for next week?
I have it here in the audience is probably curious.
Can you, in both morning show, is still on?
I guess.
Wait a minute.
This is Friday June 1, this is last week's.
Uh, yes, still on there.
Oh, it's a dolphin's golf tournament.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, woo!
Worst you'll on.
Mad Dog comes back from vacation and I think he's on every day next week.
Oh, thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Thank.
Feel good.
Humpers on next week.
He's back from New York in the Belmont.
And we got a bunch of Marlon stuff.
But no Marlon Day games next week.
So Josh is relieved that George will be back next week.
You got away pretty easy this week.
What do you mean?
Yeah, that Marlon came on Wednesday.
Yeah.
Well, you didn't have to like, you know,
tax yourself with overwork like some of us have to do.
Well, I mean, I do have a lot of work starting at two o'clock.
In other words, you're still doing the other job.
Yeah, there's nobody to fill in.
But aren't you getting compensated extra for doing this?
All right.
Are you, is it a nervous land?
I mean, you're getting fan mail now for Christ's sakes.
I think everybody should send Josh Cortis a poll for the Q&M website.
A poll idea.
Hopefully, better than you want to hear hockey on Q&M.
Hockey talk.
In fact, you won't hear hockey.
Period.
Starting next season, it will be somewhere else hopefully across the street.
Don't forget we got Geldey on this afternoon with OJ McDuffie at four
and then I'll buy himself at five.
Because Hank is in New York with my good close personal friend, OJ McDuffie,
who I've never laid eyes on, never met him in person or like a vicariously,
and could cure us.
Who's got obviously either bad hearing or we've got friends that have bad hearing
or maybe just like to stir the pot.
You know what I'm saying?
Just like to stir up a little crack.
A long, long time ago, it was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store.
Just ended the Spanish American war, so they ported like it was 1899.
There were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept with that famous one small step.
I can't remember each event or everything that man did in bands.
A century we were present.
And this is how it went.
My, my, how the time it did fly since it started somebody bought it.
And any tears we did cry for the centuries.
Time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put an airplane into light.
And the start of radio.
Sigmund Freud had his mum to thank and want to theory and act blank and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well, World War I, it soon began with shooting archduke Francis Herdinand,
Millions died from the flu.
And plastic it was brand new.
And then Russia had each revolution.
Panama connected both the oceans.
And now for these we won't see again a hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my, how the time it did fly since it started somebody bought it.
And any tears we did cry for the centuries.
It's time that we say goodbye, it all happened in the blink of an eye.
A hundred years have gone by.
And we had his palativity name that's produced a new model T and then Bergland did near Paris.
Then some moldy brand gave Panicillin Wall Street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me.
And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War II would soon begin.
Made your retirement land.
The project meant a ten.
The evolution trial in Tennessee.
We caught a first look at TV.
Then the day that it's in infamy.
The day that it came is gently worn out.
So Jase jupa in Daytona was replaced with music instead of pop play.
And still I know, & pop across
But at what an appalling cost in Russia no one did the frost
In Germany they finally lost discovered the horrors of the Holocaust
That man little boy and old a gay changed the whole world on that very day
Reno had just begun and trying to rule by messy terms
The first player in baseball that was black is real got their homeland back
Massachusetts selected Jack Gunn, 3 years gone by
And we were singing my, my other time it defies
And since it started something part of many tears we decry
Go to century it's done that we say goodbye
And all happened in a blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
Separate for equal mates such a fuss
Russia too tired went on the bus
Holy old cured with a vaccine
Then Russia scared us big time with spot Nick
Our troops into Korea quick discovered the double helix scheme
Oh JFK left us way too soon but promised to get us all to the moon
U.S. first in space
Yeah the pill we did it raised
And the French should have been climbed into the night
Cubus missiles gave us quite a fright
Southeast Asia is on to fight a hundred years gone by
And we were singing my, my other years they defies
And since it started something part of many tears we decry
Go to century it's done that we say goodbye
And all happened in a blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
Neal's giant step was the big nail cut
Rovers way gave women right to choose
Nixon resigns about water gates
Got the troops at a Vietnam
Had hostages taken by Iran and a virus
Made us too scared to go day
A test to babies held the loft
Some guy named Bill started Microsoft
Chernobyl explosion
The Berlin wall gets broken
The U.S. SR says goodbye
Some students in China they did try
Seven died in the Florida sky
A hundred years gone by
And they were singing my, my other time it did fly
Since it started something part of many tears we decry
Go to century it's done that we say goodbye
And all happened in a blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
We were singing my, my other time it did fly
Since it started something part of many tears we decry
For the century it's done that we say goodbye
Cause a hundred years have gone by
It's probably a 53 it feels like a hundred years ago and by
Just since we started this morning it's not even more a clock yet
The good news for Chris is though
We have a hundred votes
Yeah
I thought we could get 12
That's what you call unbridled enthusiasm
I didn't say we're going to get 12 I said we got 11
Look at it and we have 60-7 minutes to get another hundred votes
Should we be able to do that?
And guess what I did during that wonderful long bit?
Mmm, ooh a little bacon
Little bacon, little nukin out of the bacon
I had some bacon this morning myself
Did you really?
Well this is my second batch
Mmm, mmm, mmm
Nice and crispy baby that's why it's got to be real crispy
Just like that nice steak
Medium well
Oh
With a little fat around the edges and cooked so that the fat is like real crispy
And oh that's the best part
But as you know you like one kind of meat I like another kind
That is so true
Yeah
Anything about a choke on this bacon?
Mmm
Well I have one question which neither one of you would know the answer to
Shoot but this this nucapable bacon it's it's in other words it's not in the freezer compartment
It's just like in a box you know they in packets plastic packets
Right
And so you don't buy it like from the freezer compartment in the store
And when I bring it home I put I put the boxes in the refrigerator
Is that a bad idea?
I don't know if it's a bad idea but you probably don't have to do it
Because I think that's why they kind of like
They're stuck together the sizes you know it's hard to do hard to pull them apart
And put them on the paper towel and stick them in the old nuke in the nuke
What did you say?
I said cut the crap
Got another vote 1101
Speaking of another one here's the bad news
As the news keeps getting grimmer and grimmer and the American public will they ever wake up?
No
Well they ever get angry no they ever care about anything except Paris Hilton
Oh and look at that as soon as I said that K-A-B-C
Judge evaluates Hilton's early release from jail
Share off to go and pick her up
Oh God
Before you you're at the four year US military death toll in Iraq passed 3,500
After soldiers reported killed in a roadside bombing and back dead
A British soldier is also shot to death yesterday in southern Iraq
3,500
3,501 is the number now
I didn't just mention that in passing because the public seems to be as you know they're not happy about it
They're pissed off but you know what are they going to do?
We got the Democrats sitting there by the beep but a boop but about like that
Right?
I said let's just all shuffle off the buffalo that's a fake worst in death
That's even worse than listening to D-Fo
That would be the worst of all time that would be hell
To wake up find yourself in buffalo the radio is on
It's early in the morning and D-Fo is on your radio
Oh God, would that be the worst?
Yes
That would make hell seem like paradise
This is odd, this is not a tumor
It's the one to two hour
Sarah Conner, are you still using that regular cleanser for your bathroom?
Like, yes!
One eight, what's with the dog?
I'm with me if you want to be clean
Yes it's terminator in a drum from Texas
Clean's up even the worst kind of scum
What's all the noise about Wacom?
Who are you hurting my husband?
The image
Terminator in a drum contains revolutionary liquid steel wool
Now you can take out the toughest dirt and an entire pack of wikers
I need your clothes
What about these blood stains?
No drug name old
Yes, terminator in a drum is so powerful
It prevents stains before they even happen
Wow, that's really clean
Of course, I'm a terminator
Terminator in a drum from the makers of our nehamer baking soda
Ha ha
It's 111 at 560, 1101, 101, Jesus, God, Almighty, and Joseph, and Mary, are you there?
Are you trying to kill us here?
Yes
An act of suicide, no question
Well, I'm so blown away because CNN is breathlessly reporting
about the juggerard is Paris Hilton to be brought to the courthouse immediately as we're not sooner
Since it's 1001 AM out there on the West Coast
I would be surprised if the judge says, yes, well, forget about that home confinement crepe
We're going to throw a year ugly skinny, scrawny, nasty needle those ass back at a slimmer
As if we're supposed to care about that
So the sheriff's deputies, look at that, they even got the camera at her home there in West Hollywood
To show this is like OJ all over again
Simpson, that is
Now we're going to have to clarify
We're going to have to do this claim every time I mention OJ
You think?
Yeah
Not good
1117 on the pool
You need 83 votes, you got 50 minutes, I think you can do that fairly easily
You predicted 1200 for the day on a Friday, the Friday before, what is it the Friday before?
I don't know
For Saturday?
Saturday, let's go schedule
I beg your pardon, let's write the Friday before we go back to the regular schedule
Mad Dog comes back, the Humper comes back from New York in the Belmont
We got shined by Dave Johnson today
I'm still picking Kirlin, there's nobody in the race, 7 horse field
You got the Philly in their rags to riches, well for crying out loud, the Philly isn't going to win the race
Unless you could, you never know, only 3-1 in the morning line
And no street sense in the Belmont because they realize, oh they're going to save him for the travers, that means he's counterfeit
He calls himself Jack, he considers himself a sweet troubled soul on his MySpace page
His interests include eating small children and harming small animals
The page appears to belong to him when our hall demand accused of kidnapping 18-year-old Kelsey Smith and Kylier
Lending disturbing significance to the bizarre claims and letter of the charges against him
Have you seen him on TV? Have you seen the pictures?
No, strange dude, strange
You look at him and you think, oh the ship did land for sure
I mean he's here and Joyce is here, the ship has landed
Hall was charged yesterday with first the Green River in Smith's death and aggravated kidnapping for abduction Saturday
From our target Sir Aparkinlott, his bond was set at $5 million
Only the name Jack, which Hall is known to by neighbors, is used in the MySpace page
And the picture posted strongly resembles the 2060 year old
The first on the MySpace page also used the same age and location as well
And a person with the same name as his wife Althea has a page linked to Jacks
He has a wife?
Scary
Oh
In a photo on the page the man is posing with a young boy
Neighbor said Hall and his wife have a four-year-old son
It was Hall's neighbors who told police he was able to manage the man they were looking for
Cameron Migay's 30s said he and his wife laugh when they noticed a similarity between Hall and the man pictured in the surveillance video
The police were using the solicit leads in the abduction
But then a video of the truck was released
We put two of them together said Migay's who was stopped laughing I guess
He called police hotline Wednesday morning
They're not laughing no more
If you and the ground that you walk on that was Mo
Very pleasant
We're not a pleasant period of time, Josh?
Totally
Hall was being held at the Johnson County jail and appeared in court via a video feed looking tired and downcast
He spoke briefly waving reading of the charges
So they could hire his own attorney his next appearance schedule for June 14
That is a week from yesterday
If convicted he faces a minimum of cents of 25 years of life in prison for the murder charge
More than 12 other years for aggravated kidnapping
It's unclear whether the case would be tried in state or federal court that's penalty would be possible either way
It's a federal offense across the lines while committing a kidnapping resulting in a death
Authorities haven't said how or where Smith was killed
If we believe the crime is severe enough and we do so in this case
We'll go to the jurisdiction that provides the most severe penalty they said
The discussions continue almost around the clock
So in other words if she was lightly killed then you know different story
But severely killed well then we then we get his ass
Authorities have declined to offer motive but say there's no evidence that Smith and all knew each other
But he was on the mice face baby look out
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I don't know
Just be careful who you are concerned with
That's all that's my suggestion to this
There's some very nice people on there and then there's some whoo whoo whoo
Not so nice
What are we going to do about this group all Kim Bo camper?
I think I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to come back to town I'm going to pee on that cow
Well that's right he's not there anymore
He's not?
He's a recase right? Did you tell me that?
He does that's what I mean
I thought that's where he worked now
I used to be a university dodge and I had the big move cow from Dan Dowd's
State place that awful state place that went out of business. Oh God was that a horrible place. Dan Dowd
You read there?
No good
I think of, well I mean any restaurant where the food is really crummy or you know it's disappointing
But when you go together good juicy steak
And it turns out to be really crap
That to me is just it's it's unforgivable
It's absolutely unacceptable and unforgivable
Love in 25 under pull about my ugly push
Look at that general pace he's stepping down Peter pace as the chairman of the ruling chiefs of staff
He's had enough Peter pace in fact maybe he's got the trouts
So if we do a pull on hockey how about we do a pull on harness racing what do you say?
Huh?
What do you like better? Wally Hennessey or Kevin Wallace?
Who?
Matching a face to the voice the first time I saw what Neil looked like he looked just how I imagined he would 285
Well that's that's the quarter of all the people
The first time I saw what he looked like I laughed 186
Well listen that's what they painted for you. Give me a few laughs man
So I'm here for you. Give me a little chuckle
Make a few pejorative terms on the air at least to have somebody else make up a lie that I said him
He looked worse than what I imagined 183
Yeah 183 worst of what I imagined well maybe it was an off day and I made it was off my feet that day
I doubted though
I was mesmerized 122
What does that really mean? I mean I know what the word means but what are these people trying to say?
It means they really like to valike you
It's got nothing to do with what they like me or not it has to do with whether they like what I look like or not
Who the hell could like this? They thought you were nice
I see well I am I'm very nice
He looked better than what I imagined 91
Well I can only dream up what they imagined
I was horrified
Why is it that that just gets me okay?
I spoke Charlie and even Josh would have to admit that
Why did I play like?
Got panicky jumping the gun
Yeah even you admit it's not a bad pull
No
No what you don't admit?
It's just fine
I was horrified 86
I was pleasantly impressed 59
I'm an impressive guy
I was smitten 39
I was disappointed 38
And I still have no clue what he looks like
Let's keep it that way 36
Don't look at those pictures on the website
We know what Josh looks like
In fact maybe we'll have to put that picture of you with the band symbol over your post on there someday
Next time I fill in
Huh?
Next time I fill in
Next time you fill in what?
To fill in? For George or something
No what about Chris? Do you get any vacation or not?
Don't you count?
Well I just recently became full time
So I've got to work my way into that
Well what is ending? You want to translate that for me?
What they have is a time for every single month
At least one of you are speaking English
For every two months that I am full time
I get a day of vacation
Well that's pretty chancy man
I mean if you work a year
Yeah you get six days
Yeah basically
That sucks
Yeah I tell you about it
That blows
That was much of a choice but that really blows
If you work a year you get six days off
Correct
Well then I think we'll also get two personal and some sick days
But actual vacation
How many sick days you can say?
About 30 minutes
That's what I should start doing man
I should start thinking back over these nine and a half years
And thinking of the very few sick days
I've taken in start making up for that
Like now would be good
I'm sick I'll see you
1131 and at pull man
You need 69 votes in 50 minutes
That is that even the audience knows
No sweat
Piece of cake
Set a majority leader Harry Reid
Pulls the Democrats Immigration Overhaul Bill from the Senate floor
After failed to clear a procedural hurdle
That would have limited debate
We've been over backwards to accommodate Republicans who dislike the bill
Reid said a coin of early report by Politico
We have to figure way out to get this bill passed
People work very very hard in this bill he said
According to the AP
Reid said he believed the bill would eventually pass
That he would keep working toward a grand bargain
Between levels and conservatives on immigration
The 45 to 50 procedural fall day
33 63 vote earlier in the day
Democrats couldn't pull together the required 60 votes need to end debate
The vote ran largely along party lines
Politico figured
Fingered Senator Jim Dementt Republican and South Carolina
Saying they fingered him
This is a victory for sanity in this country is what he said
They fingered him and we don't know where they stuck to finger
Go away with a pretty good idea
Maybe they were just recent for some demands
You know I hate men
Who is telling me about some mint ice cream?
I don't know
Somebody looks suggesting
Maybe that's one of the things
One of the new favors they have
And a cold stone
There you go
Something with mint
You like mint ice cream?
No I don't like mint period
No I like spear mint
Like spear mint
No not brown or something
But not any kind of beer mint
Terrible
Was that some kind of like a racial remark you just made there?
You're just awful racy
Yeah I'm a racy kind of guy
You have no idea
When you do have an idea
Because you worked on a show for two and a half years
How ass-enign that is that anybody who knows me for more than five minutes
Would number one believe that I would say such a thing on the air
Or number two go on the air and talk about it
Kimba you idiot
You moron
You're fair
You cymbalding
You turd burger
And if I was sitting right there
We're in Josh's sitting right now
And he was standing the other one looking through the window
I'd say exactly the same thing
Right here a big ugly face
Where's the...
Functions don't even go there
These are the things you can't say on the air
When your short and comes to protest
Troubles on the way
I apologize for all the things that you said
And update your resume
Why better apologize for things that I didn't say I was there
Not
1118 at 560 WQM
We got credits for the Mad Dog at two from dolphins mini-can
And we got 1144 on your pool Chris
You need 56 votes to get 1222 minutes
I think you should be able to do it like Barry Bond sludden into third base
Exactly
In a video shown at a new museum
For porting to demonstrate how God created the universe
Actor Lyndon, Eric Lyndon, portrays Adam breeding life's first breath
A genre around the internet shows Lyndon posing alongside a drag queen
On an explicit website he owned called Bedroom Acrobat
I don't tell me this didn't print out
Oh yeah
The website allows its network of members to post explicit stories and photos
When it learned of Lyndon's activities with the website
The creation museum in Kentucky pulled the 42nd video in which he appears
They pulled it
Which obviously that's what he was probably doing too
We are currently investigating the veracity of these serious claims of his participation projects
That don't align with the biblical standards and moral code upon which the ministry responded
It spoke to them for answers and Genesis with filthy newly opened museums said
In a written statement to associate a press
An old on the Bedroom Acrobat site accessed by Ross Dore this morning
Says it's being relaunched and Lyndon is no longer affiliated with the site in any way
We are here as a comical Soviet and extremist view of sex
As a whole not a porn site relax and laugh a little the site says
And if you're not a Bedroom Acrobat that is you and your significant others problem not mine
An archive version of the page from last year describes it as the domain of these sexually advanced
Lyndon also sells clothing for SFX International as logo appears to spell SEX from afar
Hmm
A native of Columbus Ohio Lyndon lives in LA told the associate a press he handed off control of the Bedroom Acrobat site
He told AP he has great respect for the founders of creation museum
These are hypocrites again are they bunch of self-proclaimed religionists who are a bunch of preverts
From the create for the creation museum I did by did is an actor he said doesn't necessarily mean I believe in evolution or I believe in creation
He said I'm hard to get a point across on the flip side if I was hard to play a murderer that doesn't mean I go out and kill somebody
It's just make believe right just like the whole creation museum is make believe
All the fairy tales or deputies are taking a handcuffed hill to the courthouse
She's handcuffed now woo heavy duty baby
I don't know if I'm going to survive till two o'clock the pressure is so great about time
What they handcuffed the bitch?
Wait till you hear this story I mean this this will make you laugh or cry
Of course anything that has to do with your president makes you want to do both
You want to laugh at his stupidity and his boofiness and on the other hand you just want to put your head in your hands and cry for hours
This is what we got pop had anybody look what we got
A member of president Bush's cabinet sought a private meeting with Senator Craig Thomas of Wyoming yesterday afternoon
According to a blog entry at Washington Post you don't be only problem with that what's that?
Thomas passed away Monday night from complications related to leukemia. He's dead
Maybe health and human services secretary Mike Levitt in this step are just in denial or maybe they don't read the papers
Thus missing the sad news that Senator Thomas died Monday
Seven months after he was diagnosed with leukemia wrote Mary Ann acres that are blogged the sleuth
Whatever the case Levitt's office called Thomas's office late Thursday afternoon to request a meeting with late Senator
Maybe I'll just bring him in and prop him up in a chair
Acres shared the text of an email written by a member of Senator Thomas's staff after receiving the request
Oh yeah no to Senator Levitt's office Senator Thomas passed away on Monday June 4th
You may want to pass that along to his staff especially after they called it a good meeting with the late Senator of the Thomas staff
A road somewhat sarcastically when you think
Just a little sarcasm in there a spoken for the late Thomas Cameron Hardy explained that HHS was probably following up on an early request to meet with the Wyoming Republican
They were following up with us because they hadn't heard from us since early May he said
And so they're a little bit behind the times now he's dead and they say okay ready for a meeting now what do you say?
Ready for a meet
Your government in action baby oh look at this this is just like I said like the OJ Simpson deal
Here's the police car the LA County Sheriff's happening now the stuff we're seeing today
Definitely taking a handcuffed parasol of the courthouse. This is heavy duty news. It's from KVC in West Hollywood by way I have seen him
That police car but take it. She didn't want to go to courts you all for talk to the court on the phone
I'm about why she didn't want to go to court. How do you like that? So they had to send the police car to go and get her ass
And like you said you know what else sharpens is about that. It's a racial thing
That's why they let her nasty
Pasty white ass out of jail after only three days. Well guess what I think she's going back in
When you think of she's in handcuffs
We can hope we can only pray that they stick her in the chair
1151 votes in the pool in fact I bet you we got more than that refresh that baby you got 1152
Now we're talking they're crawling in you need 48 and 38 minutes. It's not it's not a uh, give me come on people
Come on people what's that song again the young bloods? Yeah, it was out of the shirt
We've only done that about 50 times it goes to sure it's either really bad song. It's not it's pretty good song
But we just have old-timers disease
1153 matching a face to the voice first time I saw what you look like I don't want to read these all now
I just got through it but I was horrified
88 that's my favorite both
We're horrified when I saw what I look like you call that a human like that you call that a radio maven whatever
1153 you better get those cranking up because otherwise Chris is gonna be have a long push for the weekend
He's gonna be really depressed and of course he's gonna be ready to go to Vegas when you're going
July
Oh in July that's what you need that check which you better keep reminding me of I'm sure you will I will in July in July
Well what part of July it's a long month 31 days the 19 through the 23rd
Oh toward the ass ended July that's good. I mean I can get paid on the 10th before I decided to send you a check
Maybe I'll put some extra in there. Hey man. Hey man. Whatever you want to do. Do you start begging for more money now?
Charlie B is gonna rip you a major ass and it wouldn't surprise me that we get the Charlie B email of the week ripping you an ass from now on
And that that's how special you become to him
Because you had the audacity to tell it like it is I mean to a rip his pull listen Charlie
We appreciate your efforts tremendously well when that kind of a moving thing that long early in the show that thing I read long
And ponderous and went on and a good part of it is I have no life he has a life
And a job and income and things like that as opposed to some of the people who used to call the show back in the day when I would take those stupid ass calls
How do you like that the idiot calling into the first call I took today? I'm saying goodbye to you after 25 years. Oh yeah right
Same old tarot crab like a threat like they like the visitors who keep threatening believe you know the in-laws who keep threatening
We're packing up we're leaving this week we're leaving tomorrow and they've been training that for six years you know what I mean
Anybody who threatens to bail out a missho just just laugh just chuckle to yourself like
Because you know they're not going anywhere
As long as they hear the sound of my voice they know they're alive that that's the South Florida deal man
As long as you're hearing Uncle Neil that's the deal in South Florida
I don't see any big move on the vote here let me 50 70 got a couple more there
You're still short you have 35 minutes for 43 votes. I would hate to think that the audience would let us down on the ass end of the week
Especially after we've taken such abuse from that big statue Kim a bull camper
That big turdburger doll is a dumb as a box of saunas
It's that flop Friday you bastards
Five sixty WQ a.m. Presents Jeff DeForest well not really it's full
Defoe the default glow with the rest of the morning sickness
Who you?
Best things testing say how do I sound?
Oh you sound fine
That's right come to all
That's because I am a clone noticed I only have one leg
Why is that before he borrowed it because he had to go to public today
Oh everybody was due for default the default load
Let's move ahead with the show shall we?
All right you know I love sports so much
I would eat the tingle berries out of a running back air
What being a sports bag is all about ain't it?
It's that white carol it's white
Why are we here at all six of our listening audience would eat coach Riley's undigested keran kernels
I had a tough one
Undigested food
Yeah tattoos
I had a gut that there was a sharp edges there
Every painful indeed
Get over it Goldie
Oh yeah
Yeah
It's classical in that it's a dad
Thank you for your song let's get back to the sanctity of nothing but sports
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
I'm getting hot already sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
I was laughing out loud where you're really what's that boy depot man everybody's love is him not a
H. A. Defoe they just can't stand you they despise you like poison
That seems to be almost universal, you know, I mean usually you find somebody who likes you but not in his case
1168 in the pool we need just 32 votes in 28 minutes
That's just barely more than one a minute Chris you ought to be able to pull that out of your hat
Your bag bag of tricks most definitely well don't don't ever say that okay
I've had those days when I thought oh yeah, we'll slide into this one and all of a sudden the minutes in the hours are ticking by like oh
They forgot about us, you know
I bet it was Eric's fault
Eric head his foot on a break real heavy duty move over floor down Hawaii your beaches are no longer the best is this stupid article from the AP
The nation's best place to get a tan and enjoy the oceans waves in 2007 is
North Carolina's
Oakwood coke island a place over mode that even people in the offices of
Dr. Beach F.I.U. Professor Steven Leatherman didn't know where to fight it on the map
Dr. Beef did you know there was such a guy as a doctor Beach? Nope, no Steven Leatherman sounds very Jewish to me
It's not the end of the world
But you can see it from here Leatherman said from Oakwood coke
Aquar coke how do you say that the first beach not a Florida or Hawaii to win the top spot in this annual ranking of the nations top 10 spots on the shore
Oh, he's the guy who makes the ratings
Technically, it's over coke lifeguard beach that is the nation's best
But Leatherman said there's a little of separates those 300 yards of postcard perfect sand from the rest of the island almost all
Which is protected from development as part of the Cape Hatteras National Sea Shore
Nothing could be finer than to stay out of North Carolina. I don't care what propaganda George tells you
Although who knows I'm been there I've driven through there
See when you drive through a state that doesn't really mean you've been there you drive through a city
You know, it doesn't mean you've been there right right right
So I've driven through North Carolina, but for some reason I don't want to stop you know
You're afraid well, you know when you're a Jew and yay those things although in Charlottes, they have a lot of Jews
Do you believe that? No nothing could be finer than being Jewish in Carolina
Here you have 14 miles of unspoiled. I'm Mr. Barrier Beach. I love them in director of FIU's
Laboratory for coastal research. Where do you find that in the world? He asked
Aquarcoak is at the southern end of the outer banks to fragile chain of barrier islands along North Carolina
It's coast known as the graveyard of the Atlantic
Accessible only by boat or private plane. They're only about 800 full-time residents of the island where the pirate blackbeard met his untimely death at the hands of the
Relavian a 1718 poor blackbeard
People shouldn't come here to play golf and don't come here for the Hilton spa or something my lab let them and say they're not gonna find those things here
When you will find here, it's like going back in time with very quaint small in's it's my favorite getaway beach island beach and it's definitely that
Aquarcoak I keep reading it because I have no idea what I'm saying or write or not. Do you ever heard of it? No?
Yes, I
was lying
Aquarcoak has been the favorite of Dr. Beach for years. You rank a number three in 2006 and number two in 2005 by winning this year
It'll be returned from consideration long without the past champions
Obviously, it's a great honor to be put up at the top of the heapshead Julia Howard the administrator for the
Aquarcoak Island Museum and preservation society who was lived on the island for 35 years
Welcome and ranks beaches on 50 different criteria using a 1 to 5 scale
No beaches ever gotten all 250 points and Aquarcoak ranked somewhere in the 230s
He said the sand for example isn't
Completely white Lily white so lost points there. Oh, if you're not lily white you lose points
Sounds like a racial thing to me get a gal sharp did on the phone
The sand is lily white
You only consider swimming beaches with sleeves out those along the main and Oregon coastlines where the water is just too cold
Beaches with lifeguards get high points as the those that bounce the natural environment and the build environment and
Beaches with really hot lifeguards get really big points for me
I'm just a stiffer for detail said the doc. There's no perfect beach by the rating criteria
But there are so many great ones earning the number one ranking on the doctor beef list is usually a tourism booster
When the North Beach had floored his fork to soda was named the best in 2005
Leatherman says the number of hits on a related website jumped in one day from a thousand to 10,000
But the remote nature of Aquarcoak in its place as part of a national seashore should spear the islands 20 foot sand dunes
Top by seo from an onslaught of the beach comers when things are in the data with people isn't quite the same place anymore
Howard said we hope people who do come here would honor our beauty and keep it looking the way it does for a long time
Here's the top 10 list
Number 10 CS2 beach in Sarasota veneer a lot
Lighthouse point Park Daytona Beach number eight coroner Coronado Beach San Diego number seven main beach East Hampton New York Long Island baby
Number six Hamoa Beach in Maui Hawaii
Wawai Maui number five Coast Guard Beach and Cape Cod manas. They've been a Cape Cod. No, it's pretty
Four Hanna-Live Beach and Kawaii Hawaii. That's number four number three Cooper's Beach in South Hampton New York
Number two Caledace Island State Park in clear water never heard that did you know?
Caledace Island State Park in clear water and number one like I said Aquarcoak like guarded Beach outer banks North Carolina
The top 10 bitch at beaches in America with that bitches bitches top 10 bitches
You probably know some of them. I know who number one is who's that?
Lead you me nobody could top that bitch
1176 you need 24 votes in 22 minutes you how you are sealing this up man good way to end the week
Chris is sealing up Josh of course is on a spectacular job this week of getting everybody's emotions all-riled up
Is that what you started out to do those made your intention? Yeah, that was it
Worked everybody up to a fever pitch so that they'll be dying for you to come back
Or just dying in general. I bet you wish Charlie B was kind of like dying
Here the color of the
Little man
Five
Yep
Well
He just got told to sleep
There have been so many times
He could have been fired
Because that doesn't make fun
And you get totally wired
But we should never want to lost that that's gone
And gone higher
And his birthday make him look like a
world
He said to Lord and the ringer
If you say no, he said it's your loss
God I hate my boss
He comes in home all the money with latitude
Turn the story's about as weak and desperate pain
He points to his body
Pots and his extremely rude
And his eyes always bloodshot
So we wear shades
He drinks coffee by the gallon
And he chains most
And he never seems to do any work at all
He sits on the desk and tells you all his dirty jokes
And he leaves off his closet
He's got a block of
God I hate my boss
I'm 86-14-2
So we need 60 minutes, 14 votes
You haven't been able to do that
That's less than one minute
We got it
Don't be talking so cocky, man
I'm going to tell you right toward the ass end of the show
Although Curtis is coming up for the man dog today
So I'm sure we got a big tune in audience
Nothing wrong with Curtis, man
He does a good job
He's one of the unsung heroes of QAIM
They screw him over a lot
Because he's probably not real tight with clearance
He probably doesn't come over to, you know, Ethan's school
And his house and stiff the toilet bowl
I mean, well, what is that?
What is that?
Maybe he was there with his wife
Who Curtis?
No
Kimba?
Yeah
What would he be doing at Ethan's school next with his wife?
I don't know, dinner party
Living 86, you're not moving at all, man
I'm looking at that thing
I want to get all excited when we get to 1200
And say, Chris is done it again
But I, you know, something I think Eric is jammed on it, man
Let's go, Eric
Get the pedal off the metal
Or how would that go?
Let's get your foot off it
Fatso
Bad
Here's an editorial by the nation
I guess I got time for one or two of goodies here
while you're getting up to that 1200
Keep me posted by the way if it changes
Okay, just blew it right out
The Great Pretender says the nation
The legacy of the Bush administration may measure
Not just by the destruction of the least in Iraq
But by the hatred of the United States
That its other policies have united all around the world
The June-G8 meeting of industrialized nations
Provided a chance to undo some of this damage
And reassert American internationalism instead
The administration chose to pursue a phony internationalism
Rapping its contempt for the concerns of other nations in a ribbon of false global goodwill
In this guy is the administration
Continued its earlier attacks on international law and cooperation
From its spurning of the Kyoto Protocol
To its rejection of the International Criminal Court
And its withdrawal from the anti-ballistic missile treaty
The administration's last minute proposed on climate change
All the way welcome admission of a problem was a case in point
Recommending only vague voluntary targets for controlling greenhouse gas emissions
Bush's initiative classed with German Chancellor Angela Merkel's call
From mandatory when imposed caps
I've trodgen horse, according to Germany's environmental minister
Bush's plan would actually undermine international efforts to combat global warming
How are you doing on there? Any more votes?
Yeah, couple
What a 91
But when you meet a couple you're not even paying any attention to it
She says this is supposed to be your baby wick as they say
Man, I'm not really sure what that is but it's supposed to be your baby wick
This is your cup of tea, this is your bag
Ha, don't you have doing it
Similarly, Bush's call for $30 billion over the next five years to fight the global AIDS epidemic
Was intended to spur increased commitments from other wealthy nations
But although the US leads the world in dollar contributions
Bush's expanded AIDS plan as all the flaws of his original one
Largely bypassing the multilateral global fund
Bush has created a parallel and redundant program
That against the international public health consensus continues to insist
On abstinence only education and restrictions on legal exchange
The administration's approach to Iran and nuclear non-proliferation is another case in point
The White House is support for the EU three talks and efforts to win
UN Security Council sanction against Iran may seem to be in the spirit of international school operation
But up close it looks more like an attempt of further Bush's commitment to regime change
And domination of the Persian Gulf, the very policies that may be driving Iran's uranium enrichment program
As long as the US refuses to talk with Iran about nuclear proliferation
Or to provide it with the security reassurances it needs
The White House sabotages the multilateral approach it not as it wants to champion
The White House is handling of what is that?
What is what?
Just got a message on here, Yoda, the trends come out, who the hell is that from?
Yoda, who would be?
I have no idea even whose phone number that is, doesn't have a name on it, I don't know what that is
Maybe that might be from George
That must be from George
What does he know about the year?
That's got to be George
The White House is handling of Russia's further evidence of cynical internationalism
Putin's Russia may have become a semi-authoritarian state
But that's always the disregard Russia's legitimate concerns
Washington's plans to install anti-missile bases in Poland and the Czech Republic
on top of its earlier expensive NATO and former Soviet republics
and the build-up of US bases in Central Asia
As we mourn in these pages a year ago, say the nation
This is an open invitation to a new Cold War in Europe
Bush is rushing to deploy technology that doesn't work against a threat that doesn't exist
All the while destroying what remains of arms control and disarmament
Russia's help is critical to resolving regional conflicts
Stopping the spread of weapons of mass destruction and combating terrorism
But this matters little to the Bush administration
Indeed to demonstrate American leadership around the world
Bush's fainted internationalism only further exposes how deeply entrenched he is in unilateralism
and US exceptionalism
Such diplomacy stands alongside
Abu Gharr and Gitmo is hallmarks of America's eroding global leadership
Says the nation
They're pissed off and fired up
So little jurid sends me a thing
Here, yo, did the tremors are come out?
Why he knows that they came out yesterday?
Didn't you have a long chat with him about that?
Who?
Either one of you, Josh, you're not a good buddy, huh?
No, I didn't talk to him
Didn't talk to George about the trends, what am I supposed to write him back?
We did okay, we did okay, George
He's not listening
You're not going to make your 1200, that's because you're screwing off there
You really got six more, we're going to get it
1190-14, you need six votes in 11 minutes
Not worth nearly, that should be a piece of cake
That should be like falling off a big rock
That should be like sliding down off Kimbo campers' ass
Let's go people
You need to call up George and talk him about the trends and also about what happened this morning
Philimmon
He will be a guest, do you think?
Yes
He will swoon rhymes with
Eighth June
What?
Ryan, you know the more I think about that the more nauseous it makes me
I mean, you know they could say that they show socks that I read the newspaper on here that I'm old
And I'm whatever boring they can say I have no problem with that
No problem
But when they start putting words in my mouth and making it inflammatory and start a whole bunch of crap like that
That I do get really, really psychotic and p-oed
You know what I mean by that?
As an unhappy about it
Especially coming from somebody like vote campers who are supposed to be like you know an associate over a hundred years
I mean it's one thing if I go on here and say that you know Hank is his diabetes is getting to him
And he sounds like he's an oxygen and stuff like that he weighs 800 pounds
But that doesn't mean I don't still love him you know
Or that I don't want people to listen to his show
And I'm certainly not going to go on here and say Hank said I called this one a beep and bloop and all this other crap
And of course this coming from a guy who doesn't know where the lines are
He doesn't know where the line is drawn
They have to keep beeping and then believing it we got $199 by the way they go it's $1200
Next one of the potty gets to use it
Do you know what I'm saying?
He's giving me a song that ends up out stuff that I never said in the meantime
He doesn't know where the boundaries are and you want to know why because he's an ex-joc
He's not a broadcaster if he lives to be a thousand and they keep money
He still won't be a broadcaster and you know you can't wave the magic wand
Proof you're a freaking broadcaster
I'll say it again what I said at the beginning of the show in this market in South Florida
There are two ex-jocs
Jim Mandage and Joe Rose
Who are excellent broadcasters who are real broadcasters who belong on the air
Radio TV shortwave whatever wherever they want to stick them the rest are all
Pretenders they're make believe they are not broadcasters and they never will be
You can't get that 1200th vote
I was going on I'm not there
Is there he's got the murder hold there it is oh there it is oh happy day
Oh, whoo
Halle, Loya
I was trying to get real nervous for enough should every spawn to this or you're going to call them up
Whatever you like man
You don't sound too enthusiastic but I thought you enjoyed actually I don't even have them anymore
So you might want to tell him if he wants all the numbers
I'm not going to give him like to run down the whole run down on that
I'm going to give him a run down all the numbers my god it's Friday the show is it we've been on here for almost four freaking hours man
You just go ahead and text them back
What are these facts as we're getting here now that we don't have any time
Phil Henry a bunch of clips at the whammy and wow it was obviously a figure that's correct it was a failure
This is from Greg oh geez why are you sending me this from that idiot Greg in Port St. Lucille
Sports greater radio is what the fused war you have
Absolutely
He's fair
Oh
No
The heartburn
No
Every time I see
I will go
Raymond
Every time I see
I will go
He's president of
Republican
Muscle
And in our
I don't know why they want
The night
First
With president
The
Oh what I give to
The
WORK
It's
Yeah
My
it's
Love
We've got a great leader
With President Trump
Oh right
President Trump
President Trump
Bye bye bye
