What's with that?
What?
Nothing good, it's not my audition line.
Well, I got a shot yesterday.
My vision, I beg your pardon?
A little Jeff, I can't hear much anyway.
Why is that?
It was extra quiet, because it was cold.
Tony Snow has got the cancer and now it's spreading to his liver.
Really?
You're not just saying that thing, you feel good, are you?
Another dead right winger pretty soon.
Tony Snow.
Well, that's good, we didn't need to put it in any of you.
Don't tease me.
I beg your pardon?
Don't tease me.
Don't tell me stuff like that less is true.
That sounds very insensitive, it's spread from his ant gore abdomen to his liver.
God punishing him for being new to him.
Snow, for being a right wing piece of crap, for being a fox-new-ish-droid liar,
lackey-live, that is correct.
Well, this bacon is good.
I don't think I ever did this before, did I?
No, no.
You made it once.
Are you faking on the air?
Are you kidding me?
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the fact that I made my usual one-bash.
Can I say batch?
Already more.
And it was so good I made a second one right before he came on air.
And then the name of DCS was knocked on the audition.
Oh well, at least you got the important thing at the moment.
The food, that's right.
I was curious about the DCS.
Very well.
Anyway, where we start?
I'm going to get to the end of the day.
I think we got a short show today because we got the Marlon baseball game with 1250 Marlins in the Orioles.
The sun is shining, 4 Lauderdale, baby at 1250 this afternoon, and again on Thursday.
Woo!
So I have a short show.
And if anybody out there thinks we're taking any calls on this show today, guess again.
Guess again.
Now what I'm going to do today for most of the show is rip the beesleaves the ass day so richly dessert.
That's what I'm going to do.
Now I've finished my bacon now.
Man, is that good.
Anybody that doesn't like bacon, like extra real crispy, is just a shlump.
That's the only way to eat it.
Am I right?
There we are.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Really good stuff.
Anyway, speaking of that, for at least two days in Houston, neighbors at the City of Apartment complex noticed an Acrid aroma, black smoke, and leaping flames coming from two barbecues,
Reels on the balcony, but second floor apartment.
What neighbors at the Red Oak Place of Parmins wondered was going on in the unit where 27-year-old Timothy Wayne Shepard lived, was going on with his unit?
What was he burning at all hours for days at a time?
The answer turned their stomachs.
See, I have a little uh, grifts, little belching here for it.
Extra play.
He even talked me at the same time.
Well, there's something about, you know, when you went, why?
I'm not having my soup here, too, so.
Well, wait till you hear this story.
You might puke your soup out.
All right.
According to law enforcement officials Shepard dismembered and then burned the body of his former girlfriend, Tainisha Stewart, an 19-year-old Texas State University student.
How you doing, Tainisha?
Nothing remains of Stewart's body.
Harris County Sheriff Tommy Thomas said at press conference Saturday.
I just don't know what to think about it.
Said Lewis Evans, whose balcony faces Shepard's in the quiet tree line, enclave in Northern Houston.
I was once in Houston.
I picked up a pretty hot hitchhiker in Houston, too, and took him to my motel and had my way with him.
But anyway, I thought he was a nice, normal person, meaning Shepard, not me.
I'm sure not that.
I guess you never know what your neighbors are doing.
A thorough who you're doing.
A 30-year-old said Shepard is confessed to strangling and dismembering Stewart.
A college freshman who was home on spring break.
Was that Tainisha?
That's the one Tainisha.
Because he was angry that she had started a new relationship.
Officials first thought Shepard had dispoysed and remains in large commercial trash bin that since it's been emptied, launching an intense debate in the area about whether the Sheriff's Department should conduct a massive and expensive search of the year of landfills for Stewart's remains.
Stewart was last seen March 15, reported missing March 19.
On March 16, they first noticed unusual activity in the unpleasant odor on Shepard's balcony.
The smell was awful, so Evans also became alarmed after seeing a blaze shoot off from the grills.
I was wondering what is he burning, not cooking, but burning, there's a difference.
He had a burning love, baby, just like Elvis said. He had a burning love. He was burning it.
George knows about that. He likes to burn one every now and then.
Sure.
That would be good.
At times, Evans said the flames in the grills left dangerously close to the roof of the balcony.
Evans said he called 911 and the firefighters arrived at the flames at calm, and Shepard assured them everything was under control.
Shepard told the firefighters he was cooking for a wedding.
Ha ha ha.
Oh.
Human remains generally required extremely high temperatures to destroy in 30s. Heaven said I was possible that Stewart's remains could be completely burned on a patio grill.
This turned out to be one of the most heinous crimes I've ever seen in my 38 years in law enforcement with the Sheriff Thomas said Saturday.
So does that mean now that she's got a heinous...
Don't say it.
Amos?
God.
That's bad.
I was speaking of heinous heinous, so Anna and the cool since we're going through all this other stuff.
And now we're going to take like three weeks to find out about her kid, which I still think that's pretty sad.
He looked pretty good there for a while.
I don't give him a nice shower, he looked a little bit like a shave.
I'd clean him up real good and kept him alive.
Well, what is that?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Here's the fact is, can I hold over this facts for a few minutes? I got Bernie Mac in the office.
Yeah, even if he got Freddie Mac, we can't do it.
I heard the...
Can he read in some email or something this morning from some list, who said,
Oh, some days Neil says you guys are the greatest and blah blah blah.
And now the other days he rips you on ass, I never said they were the greatest.
Of course, he said, oh, as long as Neil's talking about it, we don't care if he rips us.
Well, good.
Because I never said he were the greatest.
I mean, I can lie, you know, for on the air purposes I can lie as much as I need to.
But for me to suggest that they're the greatest, I mean, oh, holy moly right, man.
And I was told who was it?
I guess it was Brandon, one of my online correspondents here.
He said that Kenny was good on a while and a hundred when he was on with footy for a hundred years.
Yeah.
And I replied back, I said, well, sure could have fooled me.
But anyway, here's the poll from yesterday, 15 every 19 votes.
When these people hear about the beastly business and about, you see,
when you work for this company, you're always in an adversarial relationship.
And the better, see it's an inverse proportion to how well you do, the better you do,
the more they hate you and resent you.
And the less they'll do, the support you.
And if anybody heard the show that we had here yesterday, I'm not a apologize, not to the audience, but to myself.
Apologize to myself. That was the worst show that I ever had.
You're very whiny.
Been involved in for 31 years that I've been under here in this town.
It's not even a month after my 31st anniversary.
And it was the worst, the most embarrassing, kaka.
But anyway, here's the poll.
And again, it's because of the fact that, you know, this company thinks that they don't understand what's all about.
They haven't got a clue what it's all about.
And then the best part of it is you tell me that somebody told me.
That was me.
It was me. I don't care anymore.
Okay. Well, no, it was Clarence.
The business of Don Sherwood and his female accomplice that he'd fallen here and, you know, and bugging the show.
But if you had put Don Sherwood on here, and by the way, I didn't say I was going to kill you, I said I wish you would croak.
Okay. So get it straight, Don.
If you're going to talk to the people over there, corporate and give joy.
So, you know, when you're done, you get it straight.
Yeah. Don. Don Sherwood.
I said I wish you would croak. Just like Tony Snow.
That's not the threat. It's just a hope.
It's him. I got my legs crossed, though.
1519 votes in the poll yesterday.
What is the worst threat to our children?
George W. Bush, 356.
I would say that is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
Religion 321 right on Bush's ass.
The Federal Detail in Herat 241.
The Crap on TV 168.
See, there...
I don't know why I did this.
This was the original poll that somebody fashed in.
And I just said it to Eric. You know, I didn't look at it.
Then the screen...
That's what happens when you don't like... when you don't be careful.
The Crap, their parents feed them 130.
Drugs in booze 120.
The lies their parents tell them 94.
Well, what's the difference between the Crap, their parents feed them in the lies.
No, huh? No.
Well, whatever.
Terrorism only 40.
I hate this poll 36.
And the primary level 6 only 13.
Certainly is no threat to your children.
As long as they instruct them how to be a do it safely.
And not to get anybody knocked up.
Or any sexually transmitted diseases.
All these things. Have a good time, man.
Life is short, baby.
Life is short. Enjoy it.
Screw your brains out.
That's my suggestion to you, okay?
Until you just can't do it no more.
That's... that's my vice.
That's terrible. That's disgusting.
No, that's my honest advice.
Have a good time. Enjoy every minute of it.
Because everything else is bullcrap.
750 votes out of the days poll.
That's not too bad.
I don't like the... I mean, I like the poll idea.
I just don't like the selections on here and again.
Somebody sent it in.
And we thank you for all those great polls.
Charlie B and everybody else.
Although Charlie, we don't do contrived controversy on this show.
We don't do fake April fools polls and crap on April 1.
Oh.
Isn't it for one on a Sunday anyway?
Yes.
Just Sunday, right?
Wow. No fooling.
750 votes.
My idea and ideal vacation is
jetting off to another country, 201.
That's my vote and that's what I'm going to be doing
in a couple of weeks.
And we can have.
We can have, baby.
All right.
There are some of us looking greatly forward to our vacations.
And I'm sure that all of us are going to have a sensational time.
Believe you me.
A tropical island, 113.
A cross country excursion, 63.
Staying home, drinking, beer watching TV, 64.
What more could you want?
Well, that just passed across country excursion, 63.
Vegas, Casino, 57.
So, let me ask you.
You still go to Vegas and enjoy the slots there.
You play the nickels of the quarters, Neil.
You know, I like you because you are a gambler.
Yeah.
Oh, that guy, the New Yorker.
He was really special.
Now, there were a couple of choice ones in there.
Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone, 51.
Oh, good.
If you go to Amsterdam, it's a good idea.
Leave the spouse and kids at home and go have a really good time.
And then come back and pretend you didn't do nothing.
Just looked around.
Kind of like Cecil.
Remember, he broke into that chick's house.
He came in for a living.
And like Hank said, he just wanted to get a look.
So next time some nut job breaks into your house.
Don't get all bent out of shape and call a police and get your gun out.
They're just looking around.
A C-Cruise 49 with Frankie Ford.
I bet you got that in there somewhere.
A C-Cruise.
I love that song.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Come on, you got it.
Well, it'll take me there already to get to it.
Oh, well then forget about it.
C-Cruise 49 of Beats 39.
Well, I don't get that.
I mean, you got, you know, unless you're going to Hawaii, for example.
Ski Resort has got...
About 30, man.
Camping out 28.
I hate this poll, only 25, 3.3%.
They like it.
And we forgot to begin the show today to ask you like it.
But they obviously do.
Visiting relatives 13.
Fah.
Oh, visiting relatives.
Jesus.
When I was a kid, that was the whole thing.
I guess everybody's family does that right on the side.
Yeah.
On the Sunday, we hop in a show.
And we drop you off.
And we drop you off.
And we drop you off.
And we visit the road you walk.
I got a kid.
Yeah.
My cousins and whatever.
A theme park 11 and a safari 9.
How about a surf and safari?
Or is that a safari?
A safari.
Oh, there's the Daniel Smith in question.
There's that poor kid that got the...
You know, that was his bad luck to be her son.
You know?
I'm pretty pissed off about that.
But he's dead and she's dead.
And so anyway, I didn't get to her ass yet.
She had an abscess in her left cheek.
I'm not talking about her face.
I'm talking about the left cheek of her.
A rectum ass.
Uh-huh.
And so they injected it with like B12 shops or something like that.
She had more drugs outside inside.
That's right.
And I can't imagine why she died.
You know?
She was a walking drugstore.
Hmm.
Walgreens or CBS?
Walgreens.
I see.
Well, there's a drugstore in South Florida every street corner.
That's the one good thing.
Then you know the median age is death plus 20.
Because there's a drugstore.
Well, listen to a lot of people out there want to get the drugs, baby.
Like George, for example.
What's your point?
My point is that who needs so many...
Damn.
I almost said to God.
Who needs so many damn?
I can say I'm interchangeably there.
You know, who needs so many drugstores?
And then I can say who needs so many damn stores?
Or like I could say, you know, someone so and so is the real Duke.
But I just can't say it's in the bag.
There.
Everything's got to be separated.
Because we live in a silly world.
In a silly country we work for silly people.
We work for a bunch of silly mugwamps.
Over there when a West Coast.
Anybody that's headquartered in Naples, Florida.
What does that tell you?
Although food over there is pretty good.
That's pretty sad commentary when you got to drive to Naples to go to a Sonic.
That's pretty sad.
That's a very sad commentary on South Florida, isn't it?
New York.
Several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made
by some members of Congress about Iraq.
And it's important to make this point at the outset.
The President of the United States purposely misled the American people
on pre-war intelligence.
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous
and unpredictable conditions.
And these brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood.
Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program.
There is no denying that the President lied to the American people.
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety.
It's also something I enjoy.
It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business, and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of his and public life.
The President and his administration hate our country and hate the liberties for which we stand.
They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality.
The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible.
Absolutely. None of us should want it any other way.
Amen. Thank you very much.
Amen. I'm going to talk to you now. I have to pay saw.
We'll be eating no trace. I'm eating bacon. Is it pay saw yet or what?
No. It's soup yet? I just finished it.
Look at that calendar. See when it's pay saw. What they were officially started.
Pass over, baby. The last sufferer. That's where Jesus was.
He was having the last sufferer a little bit too much wine, I think.
That's what they started telling all of them ridiculous fairy tales.
And then somebody at the end of the table yelled out to Jesus. He got really peeled.
Anyway, Brandon wants to make sure you understand that he thinks our morning show blows.
He doesn't want the audience to think he's going to take you out of here.
Oh, I got a whole bunch of stuff here.
But he also reminds me. Oh, not another one.
You're not getting distracted by that stuff again. Are you? Yes, I am.
I got some fine friends on there. Let's see.
So those were the days at Swenson's. Do you remember Swenson's?
I do. Now they out of business. I'm going to go. I don't know. I've been down there in the dog's age.
What do you mean down there? What was that? There's still one by sunset in the US.
One of the only ones that I knew about. There was a lot of nonsense.
It's sunset. Oh, no, they used to be all over the place.
There was one not that far from me in plantation. Swenson's.
I don't know. It was such a big deal. I remember there was ferals, which I hated that place.
I'm not talking about for a while. I'm talking about ferals ice cream.
The big thing was if it was your birthday, they'd come by with all like the...
Like a little firework show. They had all the sparklers, you know, and all of them.
And they'd come by and say happy birthday and embarrass the hell out of you.
Right. They'd say if you're like 40. They'd say something of your like six years old.
They would do that, it's for instance. They did that too?
Embarrassed somehow, yeah.
Hmm. Or this thing. It's kind of like what the beesleys do.
If you work for them. Yeah, the same thing. There are a lot of people who want to embarrass the living crap out of you.
They don't have to be your birthday.
You know, yesterday, I will say this to you.
And then I alluded to it on the ear and I'm sure you thought I was joking because I've done that before.
I wasn't joking at all. Okay.
When I said I was as close to getting up and saying to you, it's all yours and just walking out.
Nice. Well, probably wouldn't have been so nice, but I came close to doing that.
And then I thought to myself, why the hell should I do that? Am I going to screw myself?
Right. Why should I screw myself even if I was like a double-jointed like Ron Jeremy?
Why should I do that? Because the colors are a bunch of idiots.
Because South Florida is basically a bunch of mouth-reading morons. Okay?
Who want to use this show? It's like a play toy.
Hi Ron! Hi, Chamba!
And then when I find out that one of our former salespeople is also involved in this high jinks and low jinks, it doesn't surprise me.
Because birds of a feather act crazy together. That's what it boils down to.
And this radio station doesn't want to really do a damn thing except maybe send a few meaningless letters out.
Oh, you better stop. We're going to take away your ice cream.
Take away your lollipop. From our non-atternity.
From our non-atternity over there in Naples, yeah.
She probably couldn't find Sonic with both hands that bitch.
But anyway, yeah, so she sends a couple letters out and they're just making fun of. It's a big joke, you know.
So what this station does is they allow about a half-a-dousant idiots lunatics to destroy this show,
which is the number one show on the station and number one money producer.
And the ratings magnum has been for nine years and they don't care. They won't lift a finger.
And then when people like Don Sherwood and his female compost that have been driving us nuts here for days now.
Put him on the air. Why won't you put him on here?
And they call up corporate over there. Belly, you can about, I won't put him on the air.
And I'm threatening his life and all this other wild, fantastic crap.
And it's like, oh, would you be better check this out, you know.
So rather than coming help us here on the show and give us the assistance that we're supposed to have
and help us do the near-roder show, what they do it is they always sign with the enemy.
Oh, yeah, you're right. You got a good point. He shouldn't have said we'll have to check it out.
So we were, if anybody thinks I'm exaggerating when I say we do this show under a handy crap every day,
you're in a dream world. These people give us nothing. Well, they give us something it's called a headache.
That's what they get me.
Paychecks showed off though. Otherwise, I wouldn't be here.
You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah.
And I just want to put them on notice. See, when you work for people for a long time,
even if they're good people, even if you don't work a long time for them, you know, a reasonable amount of time a year,
ten years, whatever. You don't want to leave them in the lurch.
So, you know, if you want to be a decent person, you don't say, well, I'm going to just walk out.
You know, you give us, say, give them six months notice or I give them three months. You know what I'm saying?
What do you say? I'm saying that's generally what these people do.
They don't just leave somebody hanging in the lurch.
But I just want these people to know, including Fat Ashto, Joe Bell.
Yeah, my check showed up. Joe, believe me. He calls me, he's a voicemail for me yesterday. I'm my Blackberry.
I don't talk to people on my Blackberry, Joe. Okay? You have that number. Call me on my regular phone. Like, look, a bench.
But at any rate, just double-check and making sure I got my check.
Not about all this other business and about how I damn near walked out of here yesterday,
because the phone is a disaster on the show and on this station,
and because they won't look their finger and do a damn thing about it,
not about that or anything that really counts.
Because he really believes when I say that all I care about is my check showing up on time.
And you know what? As of this moment, that's all I do care about.
If we get a point zero, zero, zero, one, they still got to pay us. You know what I mean? Right.
And they evidently don't care. And just like that business that Chris was telling us yesterday,
when he was trying to start trouble. Yeah, that's what I do.
Just relax. If you don't get all sensitive now, I'm finishing my bacon.
Well, he's upset because he's been black balls.
He's been bald. You should have seen the guy that did it to him too.
If he was blackball, maybe it was Roy Foster.
Remember those days, man? Yeah, he was back.
He was back. Yeah. But that's a long time ago.
That goes back to the whole screw and business. That was kind of screwy.
There was a lot of screwy, Louis stuff going on back then. But anyway,
810 votes on the poll. We got 1,000 looked easy. We got the Marlon game of 1250.
What's not to like? Isn't that a good way to look at things? Sure.
Huh? Sure. I got these cough drops. Life's great.
Got all my buddies there on my my space page. Everybody's in a good mood today.
I'm in a great mood. Life is sweet. We're talking ice cream.
Talking about the beeslees. Marlon's in the Ural's in 1250.
We got Hank at the, now let's see. Is that correct or is that a mistake on there?
Because they keep changing these things. Oh, if they Sony Ericsson,
Tennis tournament. Wow. Back to the Marlon game.
Tennis. Last week it was golf. This week it's tennis. Isn't this ladies tennis?
There's both. Men's and women's. Is there Andy Roddick there?
By Andy. Love you Andy. What? He's there. I heard the promo.
Andy's there. Love Andy Roddick. Let's take him away from that then girlfriend of his.
Hey Andy. Panther preview with 630.
And the panthers at the lightning seven o'clock tonight.
You know, one of the things that's really killing us. I don't know if you've noticed this.
But since they decided to go really old cheapo and basically shut the station down to 10 o'clock at night.
Most nights. And we got the DSP and radio garbage on here.
I mean, even if we did have a morning show and of course we got the big.
Oh, rock solid from five to seven. But between him and the other morning show
the Kenyanville morning disaster. They have not a China-Minds chance in LA.
Because there's nobody listening to this station at five o'clock in the morning.
Because when they wake up in the morning, they've already gone somewhere else.
Because we give up at 10 o'clock at night. Most nights. Once in a while we got something on late the game or something.
Already came right beyond nine in midnight like Thursday. But generally speaking,
10 o'clock at night we throw in the towel. And we put just open up a pot and put ESPN radio on there.
Which means anybody who's like in their car driving around, driving home from an all night drunk or whatever,
like one in the morning or midnight, they're not going to be listening to us.
Because we are waving the white flag of surrender. We're going to put ESPN radio on there
because it's, we don't cost us nothing.
Well, you know, that's the short-term view of it. Don't cost us nothing. But in the long run it's like,
you know, 10 o'clock we should. We should have an announcement. I'll record it.
I'll record it for the audience 10 o'clock. We've been played every night. You know what we say?
Bye, bye, bye!
To the entire South Florida radio audience. I just, again, I'm thinking out loud here today.
I'm very big on that. Thinking out loud.
Letting the chips fall where they may. The couch chips fall where they may.
Let's talk about ice cream. You know, yesterday I had a pint of hot ganas, but end of nut.
I was so depressed. When I got off of this show at 2.15, I went across to my little market, my Chinese market.
Convenience store got me a pint of it and works. It's a drug, man. Sugar is a drug.
Is if that's a surprise. There's a bulletin for you. And I felt so much better.
Not good? That's great.
Hey, this is the reward for the late nights in the weekend hours. This is the reward for making sure you were always first to arrive and last to leave.
This is the reward for your talent and your potential. Ever since you were young, you knew what you wanted and knew what it was going to take to get it.
So go ahead, call Mercedes-Benz and Pompat at 1-800-New Benz and begin the most exceptional adventure in buying your car.
Mercedes-Benz and Pompat is more than just a purchase. It's the ultimate reward, the ultimate trophy.
You don't need to show the word you're successful. They already see that. This is for you. This is where you always wanted to be.
Behind the wheel of a finely crafted Mercedes-Benz, that doesn't just fulfill needs, it anticipates them.
Right now, explore the stunning 2007 GL450 winner of current drivers' best luxury SUV award.
Call 1-800-New Benz and learn more. Make it a public letter Mercedes-Benz and Pompat-O professional. Make your time count.
Call 1-800-New Benz, any WBEMZ. 1-800-New Benz today. This is the reward. This is Mercedes-Benz of Pompat-O.
The biggest name. The best talent for this is Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
UAM.
A Tuesday.
560 QAM.
AM.
A Flute of Monies.
Invite shoes or rivals, waterfronts, sports grill and Hollywood from 7-9pm for the 2007 Fantasy Baseball Forum.
Kia Line and Bike Festival Taker Crusher will be upcoming season from 7-7-30 followed by our Fantasy Baseball panel including Orlando Lalsadiri.
Craig Mish.
Rossi Bernstein.
Wilmanso of Channel 10.
Kirstie Hussin and Moore.
Knowing Raffle Prizes and Giveaways.
Including tickets for opening weekend against the village.
Reset by the Florida Marlins.
And Sports Radio 560.
16 QAM.
AM.
For those people who say size doesn't matter.
Well, it does.
Of course, I'm talking about the new 2007 Lincoln Navigator Al with 128 cubic feet of cargo space.
And over 15 inches behind the third rose seat.
There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying.
And because of the Lincoln, you get the luxury and warranty you've come to the fact.
Listening out of data for only $4.99 a month for 39 months.
At South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury dealer, Hinds Lincoln Mercury, I-75 and Sheridan Street.
Being a mom with Kia, Kirstie and Stroller, something mean giving up style.
Introducing the new Lincoln MKX.
With seating for five.
So, plenty of storage.
And a panoramic glass roof.
My dream of staying stylish is reality.
Lease the new MKX only $3.99 a month for 39 months.
At South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury dealer, Hinds Lincoln Mercury, I-75 and Sheridan Street.
For leap forward, customers navigated for $7.50.
And total payments $19.461.
And the MKX, 301.
And total payment $15.50 for $8.7740.99 for details.
Big O here for the finest beer in the business.
President, they imported beer and listened for years.
I've been telling you about my favorite beer.
President, they, the finest beer in the business.
Well, now, I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business.
President, they light.
The tradition continues.
President, they light is a smooth tasting beer.
With lots of character.
It's the way light beer should taste.
Smooth, bold and with the character you've come to expect from President, they let's face it, folks.
The beer industry, it's full of water, down light beers.
But President, they light is a full body light beer.
So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family.
And how about yourself, to the finest light beer in the business.
President, they light.
The full body light beer.
What an amazing combination.
The choice is yours.
President, they and President, they light.
It's the big O's choice.
It's the best choice.
President, they or President, they light.
They'll sell small business simplifies your voice data and network experience.
So you can stay focused on your business.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South.
Listening, answering.
Monday night.
From 7.30 to 10pm.
Sports 20.05.62 and presents our mingially-based ball season preview show hosted by Dave Van Horn, Roxy Bernstein and Jesse Aguilar.
They'll give you the latest amount of full of demolitions and an outlook for the 2007 season with manager Freddie Gonzalez and GM Larry Bimepest.
Plus, play your interviews and look around the American and National League.
That's Monday night.
From 7.30 to 10pm.
Our major league baseball season preview show.
Right here on Sports 20.05.60.
Sports 20.05.60.
QAM.
Log on to wqm.com to play Hanks.
Pick the police contest.
Pick your chance to win.
What the call is?
O!
A few minutes.
Oof.
Hey.
There we go.
Hey y'all.
My name is Grant.
For you, Gene Thomas.
Grant the bushes.
Now I'm a knee for this.
The freeing card.
And you know there's lots of people that they think just of.
I smoked a little marijuana when I was in college.
And it wasn't that bad.
I'm a pinjoy.
Yeah, maybe cigar's at your.
I know, remember y'all.
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court?
Yeah, I got the much.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law.
I don't just review the law.
Here we go.
I'll be talking.
And I'll talk it to the East.
And I'll talk it to the West.
And I'll talk it while I look up Sandardil Connor's best.
I'll be talking.
I'll bet you are.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
Yeah, let's go bird one out on the patio.
Okay, let's go bird somebody's like that.
What was the name?
Shamika or whatever?
Whatever.
1032, a QAM.
Marlon baseball at 1250.
Oh, I better talk fast.
So your buddy Chris is back.
He only, he only now injects himself when the show is on.
You know, so he's a handbone.
And he wants to talk about it.
All right.
So he's back in our mind space.
And he's also got a pool idea of what is your favorite sexual position.
Needless to say, I can't read some of the choices he put on here.
But he says so evidently we can see where he's at, where his mind is at.
He's also very excited about coming up here and being my nurse.
I can see that.
So the ticket will be on the way, sweetheart.
Okay, now what that was I saying when I was ripping these bastards,
they deserved.
Oh, all right.
Let me just say this.
Remember how they were warning us about all the crime and the murder and mayhem
was going to happen if we ever got slot machines and software.
Oh, yeah.
I was getting off at 1250 today.
I could go to woodbine today.
I could go to a woodbine Tuesday.
Do you think it might change my luck?
No, I don't.
During that outbreak, I think we were called my cad man, my Lebanese terrorist, cad guy.
And we're going to say, see it at one o'clock, man.
How's that sound?
Woodbine Tuesday sounds like a wiener to me.
What do you think?
Just start.
Let me know so I can change the poll.
Oh, that's right.
If I do that, I got to, uh, no, that's all right.
I can, I can, because that, that way, I would have to like, fax the new one to Eric right
now.
You see what I'm saying?
Okay.
Well, I can do that during the break.
I can fax him the one for tomorrow.
See, it invited people who realize that tremendous sacrifice that I have to make when we do this,
the woodbine stuff, not just losing all that money.
Anyway, getting back to a hellendale, if we must, police at a man was then a gulfed in park racing
casino early this morning.
Police spokesman Andrew Casper said the victim was Spanish speaking.
Anchor Abe.
What a surprise.
But provided no details on the death, which occurred shortly after six o'clock this morning,
at dormitories that house some employees of the track at 901 South Federal Highway.
Initially, ports from rescue workers was that the victim was stabbed to death.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
See, I knew that once they let the evil one-armed bandits in, they never think they'd have
sworn in us to hurl in the sun, send all these other goody-tish-hat, a-holes out there.
Oh, if we have casino gambling, the sky is going to fall in.
Oh, all this crime and the mafia will be here and all this other stuff, you know.
This is a town where Meyer Lanske used to walk his dog all the time on Collins Avenue
and lived in hellendale.
Everybody knew where the hell he was.
And they were worried about the mafia.
How about Golden Beach?
Remember those days where every home in Golden Beach, there was something like that with his nose out of joint living there?
No, I don't remember.
Well, I sure do.
I've been around long enough.
I've been around the block a few times in this town.
Let me tell you right now.
What I heard.
And if it sounds like I'm a little peered and fired up today, you bet your sweet ass I am.
Okay, because after what this audience lived yesterday, and again, most of it is like five or six to the same idiots out there.
And this radio station, like, yeah, we were funny that we were talking about that at the beginning of the show yesterday.
We just don't care.
WJEC.
We just don't care.
And they don't.
They don't.
This to them is like a money machine, mine, speaking of wood mines, just a money machine.
Go out and hire a hundred different salespeople, stick them out on the street and sell spots.
And then just load up the log with this.
And then of course, on a morning show, assuming it had any chance in the first place, which it doesn't, but assuming that it did,
have, bring all these losers in Ira Windbag and Drew Rosenstein, Cran Swartz, and let them do their spots too.
So we got 15 different people doing live spots in the morning to make sure that even if somebody wanted to listen, there's no show content in between, you know,
straight or not straight or the oblong table and other crap, you know.
I'm just mentioning those things.
Like I told you, thinking out loud.
That maybe that's the whole new show.
Near-riding your things out loud.
Oh yeah.
Maybe that's it.
So as far as your phone calls, man, I wouldn't wish them on a high-rank him or Andrew Sam or your mama.
That's why I would feel about it.
And I'm not just talking about yesterday.
I'm talking about ever since we've been on this radio station.
There are no callers on this station.
They got 20 of the sports callers and calls us the same stupid crap every day.
You think the Adolfins are going to get a real quarterback?
You think Brady Quinn's going to be there naked with Adolfins's fall?
All the other stupid garbage.
Yeah.
And then you see what we got.
Hi Ron, Johnbaugh.
That's what we got.
Rosa.
That's what we got.
And then we got a, wow, George would die.
That's it.
That's immediately a far-right.
Yeah, that's it.
I'm not getting carried away here today.
I'm not over hyperventilating.
I'm like, could you some ice cream?
So do it.
What a shame that I'm diabetic, you know what I mean?
If I could tell you how much I love ice cream.
Oh, God.
Well, I'm probably how you got to be diabetic in the first place.
That's correct.
By being fat.
And eating a lot of ice cream and candy and pizza, pasta, all of these things.
All of these things.
That's right.
843 votes on the poll.
I don't want to read that thing.
Well, this thing from Largo before I get back to my rant.
I'm just getting started and we still got two hours and 13 minutes.
Plenty of time.
In fact, let me reach over, because I see there's a couple of lines flashing there.
Let me reach over and shut that thing off so I'm not tempted to punch one up.
It's not going to happen.
And I'm not going to make that, you know, that Sherman S statement about it.
And I've done it before and said, I'll never take another call on the show.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
How do you like that?
And maybe someday I'll surprise you.
And I'm going to do it the way I did there for a little while and it worked out just fine.
You know, I have a whole pile of my good bedtime stories here and just sitting here and rant and rave about whatever I've been out of shape about.
And once in a while, maybe I will reach over and punch one up.
Or maybe not.
All right.
Basically, it's a cacophony of idiots who have nothing to say and they've made this show a hobby.
This is their hobby.
This is their life.
I have no life.
Right, so they've made this show their life.
Remember I commented on that yesterday about the four solid hours it doesn't stop.
Monday, Tuesday, Saturday.
I mean, if we were on in a week and they'd be doing it every single day, that's their life.
And I'm not going out like a clown.
I'll take that right now.
I've got almost two years left of this.
Thirty-one years have gotten vested in this market and this.
This is Joe Bell and Bruce Beasley and there are these people's ideas and video Roger show of what I'm going to do on the year.
You people are crazy people.
You're crazier than the colors.
I'll take that right now.
We got one phone line on it.
It's been out of service for two years.
They can't be worried about that.
They just don't care.
Like I started to say before I interrupted myself, it's just a money machine.
Go out there and sell us Indian spots and crank up that money machine, baby.
And that's it.
And to hell with everything else.
And let's make sure we give a lot of money away to the marlins and try to get to dolphins back and see how many millions we can pay them and how much more we can lose on that again.
And the panthers which nobody listens to and all this other stuff.
Stop and think about it.
When you come right down to it, we have more things on this radio station than nobody cares about.
What evidence?
What?
White elephants.
Yeah.
We got more white elephants than have ever been invented.
In God's little green earth or whatever that thing goes.
City commissioners early Saturday made the firing of a city manager in Largo, Florida, who was seeking a sex change operation despite pleas from dozens of impatience to support us to save his job.
After a six hour hearing the commissioners decided to fire 48-year-old Steve Stanton after his announcement that he planned a new life as a woman.
The move came after the commission voted five to two last month to suspend him with pay.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to become a woman.
I'm going to lose a lot of weight.
I'm going to grow gigantic breasts.
I'm going to start doing a hormone therapy.
And I'm going to become a woman.
I'm going to be lovely.
Huh?
You're going to turn into your mom.
I already have.
Commissioner.
I mean, gloom and doom really?
Oh, I can just see you.
Now.
Don't go shmoring around.
Oh, God.
You know something.
The fact that I turned out that I'm still here right now.
Hey, you'll be both.
I'm supposed to be as well as I have been in life and I'm still alive.
That's a major miracle.
If this audience only knew, they think they know something, you know?
If you only knew.
All you Jewish guys out there who had to survive the Jewish mother, the whole deal, the gloom and doom routine, the Kvets routine.
Oh, God, how did I survive it?
So I think I'm, you know, for an old bag, Jew.
I'm doing pretty good.
Happy Paisach, by the way.
Did you guys ever find out for me what the official east starts?
Passover?
April 2.
See Monday.
Monday is Passover.
And you're not letting me play this song.
There is Lady inside.
I don't have time for the whole thing.
She's another dox Jew.
And she needs to buy bread that is unleavened.
Oh.
And let me remind all you Jews out there.
If you eat trough, if you're eating bread, man, if you eat leaven bread on Paisach, not only are you going to burn in hell.
But just like that chicken, they grill there on that guy's porch.
You're going to be bacon out just made.
You're going to be extra crispy in hell.
How do you like that?
Not just burning in hell.
You're going to be extra crispy and probably have like a little list of you.
How do you like that?
You're fair.
Yeah, all them people with the pitchforks down there are going to be looking at you going.
You're fair.
Like that.
Back it on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Down, down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down.
Mark is going down, down, down, down, down, down.
Stark market is down.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, I feel my broker is calling.
And he's telling me the market's falling.
Now he's standing by his window calling.
Come and jump with me.
My socks are fading.
Even though I'm done some heavy trading.
Go ahead, the payment I'm in there.
Some fading.
Come and jump with me.
Mark is ration.
My life is ration.
Before my very eyes.
Stocks I'm dumping.
Then I'm jumping.
Oh, there the coffin.
Joe's life.
Now I'm standing.
Fifty floors above where I'll be landed.
A wife family I will be stranded.
Come and jump with me.
Oh, right.
Oh, the economy.
Oh, my God.
You know what I'm saying?
Most of the people on the world famous legendary Neil Rogers show
are going just here to fill a little time up tomorrow on baseball at 1250 when
every dial in software is going to go in the off position as they say in the off
position.
No, I would just say that because it's true.
Oh, okay, we don't want to hear about this guy.
This girl or whatever he is in that what seeks to be in the Largo.
What would you expect a bunch of mug ones?
Anybody know where Largo is?
It's just wasted time for about it.
It's up, yonder.
It's over on the west coast, which ain't the best coast.
In fact, in Florida there is no best coast, but that's your rate.
I mean, if you were looking for the best coast, it sure wouldn't be over there.
Tampa, Loots, Temple Terrace, Largo, Brandon, Barstow.
I think the Polish have a word for all of those places.
This is F-E-H-F-F-F-F-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O-O
Oh yeah.
Let's say a prayer.
Let's put our hands together.
Oh, happy day.
But anyway, Harold Morrison says, did God create them a male and female and gay?
Sciences stealing up on America's religious fundamental is causing much alarm.
Consider the dilemma of the Reverend Albert R. Albert, Mueller, Jr., present to the Southern Baptist
Theological Seminary in Louisville and a leading figure in the Southern Baptist Firmament.
Writing in his blog this month, Mueller acknowledged that the direction of research increasingly
points to the possibility that a biological basis for sexual orientation exists.
Should sexuality be determined in you to roam over continued, that still wouldn't justify
abortion or genetic engineering.
Nonetheless, however, as Mueller noted in a later blog post, his admission that the data
suggests that homosexuality may be genetically determined as hair color produced a termite
of irate email from his fellow evangelical Christians.
Up to now the preferred theory among Christian conservatives has been that homosexuality
is behaviorally induced and this can be unlearned.
Right.
That gave added moral weight to the biblical proscriptions of gay and lesbian sex and
to the Bible's condemnation of homosexuality as a sin, though for those who believe in
biblical inerrancy no added moral weight was necessary.
But once you recognize homosexuality as a genetic reality, it does create a theological
dilemma for the moors among us.
For it does mean that God is making people who in the midst of what others may morally
be, let me say it again, who in the midst of what may otherwise be morally exemplary
lives have a specifying inherent predisposition to sin.
Mueller's response is that since Adam's fall, sin is the condition of all humankind.
That side steps, however, the conundrum that a gay person may follow the same God-given
instincts as a straight person, let's assume fidelity and the desire for church satisfaction
in both cases, and end up damned while the state person ends up saved did it.
Indeed it means that a gay person's duty is to suppress his God-given instincts while
a straight person's duty is to fulfill his.
Mueller's duty, in short, is to God-adv double standards.
A God who enforces the norms and fears of a world before science.
A God-profile ignorant of, or, restraint to, the arc of American history, which is the
struggle to expand the scope of the word men in our founding declaration that all men
are created equal.
This is a God who, in earlier times, was in both to the fence of irrigation and before
that slavery.
This is a God whom vast numbers of self-professed believers, not to mention its non-believers
such as I, neither heed nor like very much, especially the young, who in growing number
of support came originally and certainly don't consider gay coupling anymore sinful
than the new straight coupling.
That said, this God still commands millions of followers among them general-peter pace,
chairman of the Joint Chiefs and Staff of the Old Time Religion, who recently declared
a homosexuality immoral in the interview with the Chicago Tribune.
Indeed this God commands so many followers that the initial tendency of presidential candidates
who know better, was to duck when they were asked last week about the morality of gay
sex.
Senator Swarovic Clinton, when first asked if homosexuality was immoral, answered that
was for others to conclude before writing herself to say that she didn't think being
gay was immoral.
Senator Barack Obama, according to Newsweek, avoided direct answer three times before coming
to his senses and disagreeing with pace.
The spokesperson for Senator John Straitalk expressed McCain said that the Senator thinks
such questions are a matter of conscience and faith for people to decide for themselves.
Such political and moral contortions are hardly confined to presidential candidates.
In Utah, a new law requires school principals to police student organizations to ensure that
there's no discussion of human sexuality, though experts believe the topic may still
come up among teenage students.
Lesson seemed discriminatory, the statute applies to every student group under the sun,
but it's entirely a reaction to the formation of gay straight clubs at Utah High Schools.
There is, however, no ban is yet on high school biology teachers discussing the biological
basis of homosexuality and as the native confirming the thesis continued to mount, that
could confront even those of Paces persuasion with Moore's conundrum.
How to reconcile a God who creates homosexuals with a God who condemns practicing homosexuals
to hell.
A mysterious God may be well and good, but a capricious or contradictory God can inspire
so much doubt that he threatens the credibility of an entire religious enterprise.
After all, there are a few American believers who don't profess at least some faith of the
Verities of Provinces and the Rightness of our Nations, credo commitment to human equality.
By insisting that God is a spiteful homo-hater, His followers saddle Him with ancient phobias
and contend Him to the backwaters of American moral life.
Harold Morrison, he's editor at Large American Prospect in the LA Weekly.
It's a pretty good article when you come right down to it.
Yes, it was.
A little bit on the gay side, but what do you expect?
What do you expect on this show?
Anyway, I expect like straight talk on this show.
Straight talk?
My ass, baby.
Straight talk for you.
Straight two of the ball games.
Straight to give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
That's what we talk about.
Straight guys that take showers together in the locker room and pat each other on the
yes.
Have you seen some of the pictures we've got on our MySpace page, by the way, some of those
guys grabbing each other's crotch, those soccer players that have the same crack going
on, grabbing each other's back on.
That's all I've got.
I think to say, give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
I didn't know those are the balls they were talking about.
Well, there you go.
Yeah.
See, live and learn every day.
Give me the ball.
No.
Give me the balls.
Watch it now.
You're going to get joyced if you don't watch yourself.
You're going to get joyced.
That's another thing, man, about this company.
You know, I sat here yesterday.
I don't want to go through it again.
What I went through yesterday.
The idea that because you work for people who just don't care enough to even lift a
finger to give you any, any assistance, you know, when somebody won't give you a
lift, a finger to give you assistance, then you know you're dealing with the ungrateful
best thought of those who just, they just haven't got a clue.
They think they know something.
See, those are the people no matter what kind of work you're doing.
And I'm sure a lot of you understand what I'm saying.
The people who think they know something and obviously don't, those are the dangerous
people.
Just like these religions that this guy was just writing about, same thing.
They think they got the answers.
They think they know what the God is in the Bible and all this other horse crap.
And therefore they're dangerous because they got all the answers.
Don't confuse them with the truth or anything that might like stand in the way of their
stupidity.
And that's the way it is here with Jolly Jo Bell.
Oh, genius.
I'm just trying to make sure you're a check show.
Like, meanwhile, how about all the other stuff going on here?
Are you quizzling?
You cymbal to man.
You fat ass.
You clown.
You.
885 votes on the pool.
Here's the result so far.
We're not doing that one about sexual positions.
Sorry about that.
I think Chris is maybe a little, either undersector or oversector today.
I'm not sure which it is, you know?
When people start getting a little bit too hysterical about it means either A, they're not getting
any or B, they're getting too much.
Oh, it's the imperfectly still right now.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Is he really?
My idea about why did he send you something on there?
Oh, we're talking about different crises.
Not that Chris and talking about your good friend.
Don't be disindomig any.
He listened to the tape from Friday show when you were saying that he disappeared and that
he was a phony and...
Wait, I didn't say that.
My idea of an ideal vacation is jetting off to another country, 233, a week and a half
to go, maybe an audio.
Oh, God.
I might not come back this time.
I might like sneak off to Berlin and go on a one-man search party.
And if I find who I'm looking for, I guarantee you will never ever see this child again.
Trust me when I tell you.
A tropical island sounds good 142, a cross-country excursion 76.
Staying home, drinking beer, watching TV, 74, how exciting.
A Vegas Casino 69, leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone 61.
It had a someplace really like nice, like Amsterdam sounds good.
A C-Cruise 51, a beach 42, ski resort 35.
Camping out 32, I hate this pole as God.
Fuck third man.
3.3% not too bad.
They like it.
And like I said, the beginning of the show George is supposed to ask, do you like it?
And he forgot, but he apologized.
Sorry.
Visiting Roller's 14, a theme park 12 and a safari only 9 unless of course it's a
surf and safari.
That's safari.
I mean, I don't know.
I don't understand that.
Different strokes for different folks all out of the crap.
What do you don't like animals?
What do you mean, I don't like animals.
I mean, you like dogs and everything like that, but do you want to run around with the
lions and what not?
No, no.
Maybe a giraffe or two.
Or like, or a wildebeest?
A wildebeest sounds really good to me.
Your show.
This is your plan.
This is your plan.
Any questions?
All the world loves a cloud.
So this April Fool's Day, this radio station is going to make a fool out of you.
That's right.
We're going to turn you into a laughing star.
Just be the 10th caller when you hear this star.
And we'll yank your pants down around your ankles.
Tell your hands behind your head, hate a smiley face and your butt cheeks and lock you
out of your house.
You'll be the center of the tension in no time.
Remember, they're not laughing at you.
They're laughing with you.
With you and your butt cheeks.
Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of since they've already
done quite a good job making fools of themselves every day on the air.
Employees who never have a less wish for drop-debants and public are encouraged to do so after
leaving the station five years.
Be an April Fool.
People are saying for your chance to win.
It's 11.15.60.
I mean, you queue 8.00 am.
I know how to cure that homosexuality, baby.
It has something new with the...
I'm not exactly sure what part goes where, but it has something to do with that.
Anyway.
I'm telling you what the proof credit.
And the news are with oil.
Man, that's exactly what I have in mind right now.
915 votes on a poll.
My idea of an ideal vacation is getting off to another country, 343.
You know something I think I'm going to say.
Even though I can change my mind anytime I want.
I need those calls like I need hemorrhoids.
Okay, squeaking of...
Back home.
If you didn't have hemorrhoids, just, you know, you'd be bored.
Do you ever hand hemorrhoids?
I think I might have...
You think?
I guess that no...
Did you never hand him over?
Don't give me this thing.
I guess that you know.
It must have been a pimple or a boil then.
Yeah.
Anyway, my idea of an ideal vacation is getting off to another country, 243.
A tropical island, 144.
Across country of Scursion, 80.
Staying home drinking beer watching TV, 75.
Vegas, Casino, 70.
Let's go, Fondar, I got to say,
Oh, I forgot you didn't have a mind me to call my buddy.
Oh, yeah.
My cab, my cab guy.
I'll remind you next time.
If I remember.
Well, you see, maybe that would be pushing it too far.
Would buy two to go stand.
I got would buy Wednesday.
And then, Thursday, we got another bowl game.
Yeah, that's right.
You've got to scare the homosexuality out of those people.
That's what you've got to do.
Why don't you just go to, like, a video arcade and play dance dance revolution
or something, be better for you?
Or play something.
Yeah.
That's what happens in a video arcade.
They play something.
Or I'm not talking about the kind you're talking about.
Right, they have slots there.
That's where Mark Potter, or Mark Foley, whatever his name is.
Mark Potter, he might hang out there too, that lady.
That's what you call a slot.
That was a Freudian.
That was a Freudian slip.
Oop.
Yeah.
Boy, somebody just stood up real fast.
Now I said that.
Well, I got a whole bunch of stuff going.
This is quite a day today.
This is a good turn around.
That's a bad expression, though.
What am I always told you about how, uh, what's the word I use?
I don't know.
Resonant.
Oh, resilient.
I always bounce back from adversity.
Adversary.
Adversary.
Adversity.
Adversity.
Whatever the word is, yeah.
Rubbery.
No, not rubbery.
Okay.
More flabby, chewy.
Well, that ice cream.
Not really.
That was not a good idea.
I don't think I want to go to Woodbind today.
See, that's a bad idea.
I think maybe a better idea would be to go out and practice kind of like rubbing that homosexuality
off onto somebody else.
Well, isn't that how you get rid of it?
I think that's how you catch it.
Yeah.
Sure, that's how you do it.
I think that's how you make it spread.
You're arm, you know, that here, let me just rub this disease off onto you here.
Yeah.
Maybe that's how it works with the homo stuff, too.
I don't know.
It could be.
Well, I think I better start trying harder.
918.
Did I actually read this whole thing?
I interrupted in the middle of it.
I don't know.
I got so excited there.
Let's see.
C. Cruz, 61.
You never did play that.
Oh, no, I forgot.
Come on up.
C. Cruz, Frankie Ford.
It's coming up.
A beach, 42.
Yeah, I live in Florida.
Let's go to the beach.
Unless, unless the course is going to Hawaii, then it's well worth it.
Wow, it's some topsoil.
I'm on my track.
Here's Frankie Ford.
C. It's a C. Cruz, man.
Come on.
See this?
Yeah.
No, no, no.
I'm looking like this.
I can't see.
It's pleasant.
Don't want to step on Frankie, but I have to admit this is why we played this whole time.
Yeah.
Frankie.
Hey, Ponceau, you're really good.
I wonder what it looks like.
I can say black, white, naked, like that.
I don't know.
I'm not sure if it's a red one.
Oh, man, rhythm is in my shoes.
I see some kind of dark to me, Frankie Ford.
That was a melody of a smash by the way.
It was a good song.
See?
I didn't play the good part.
It's a special one.
It's a little bit like a league.
I don't know.
How great.
You've got nothing to do.
It's a road till ever take you on up the sea.
Here it comes.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Oh, it's baby.
Don't you want to take me through?
No.
Now, why did you do that?
Oh, just to be honest.
I was bad.
Okay, let's see.
B-42, Sq-3s or 38.
Camping out 32.
I hate this poll 31.
3.3 percent.
That's not bad for this crowd.
Visiting relevant 14.
Like I said, oh my god.
You people, I'd slap your kids to visit your relevance every year.
You can't.
Oh, why do you do that to them?
Well, once in a while.
I was able to talk my parents and letting me stay home and I go with them. I mean, you know, when I was like a teenager 15-16
I like yeah, I see most people enough already, you know what I mean? I
seen my cousins and my aunts and uncles and yeah, roaches and rodents. I see them all enough
Well, you had yourself a nice southern family, huh? If you had yourself a southern family
And of course when you're a teenager and you talk your parents and letting you stay home alone
God only knows what kind of things you can be doing. Let's see a theme park
13 and a safari nine out of 923 votes. Well, we get that thousand looked easy today
Man, this is you know something I think what I may do because I the world creatures are heavy, you know
Mm-hmm, and I may just stop I may take that monitor and put it on the floor or something
So I don't even look up there the woman the phone on it. I just I don't have a need for that. You know swivel it around
I mean, I don't want to overdo it going into a big thing about
uh, you know
What never taken a call again because I've done that too many times
Yeah, we'll see we'll see like I said it's just yesterday was a turning point in my life
And I can see that already today is another turning point in a different direction
Why I said good one good turn to you
Well, that's see yesterday was depressing and today everybody's like cheering me up all my buddies on here on my space
All my friends out there in radio land. They're all like cheering me up and they're like all over me
Like to think on the joy, you know like that, which is good. Keep it up guys
Keep it up. Give me a big kiss on the shoulder. You know and run like hell
See that's the one thing about all these guys, you know, they're like to give me a pat on the back kiss on the cheek
Well, maybe not the kiss on it's you made me the back of the neck because then you can run real fast
That's right and I don't blame them because you know me again emotional
I might turn around like you're a kiss share my disease with them
I don't want to do that Neil shares his disease with his good buddies. That's probably not what they had in mind, you know
Oh, God and then also got to stop thinking about giving the numbers out too because that becomes part of your pattern
You know, you know what it's going to be today. It's going to be 70 boys and girls the sun is shining
Holy moly rat man the sun is shining. What is it right now? It's well. It's only 50 now, but it's going to be 70 21
Celsius
Is that exciting or what so definitely not a day to go to wood buy and this would be a good day to go out there walk
You know several miles and then stop at the leet and center
And go to bastard robins. You don't have one of them hot fights Sundays on
Too bad we don't have cold stone creamery here
It's probably just as well. Yeah, you're right now that messed up that it'll kill you
It's real heavy-duty and of course when you say it'll kill you
What was the one they were making in the beginning? They had like the bachelors minute or something
Huh? Yeah, because they they made it with eggs or something and where it was getting contaminated
And there were people not dying but people getting really sick yet. Don't you remember that I think it was one
Tobey brand
There was one flavor seriously. You're you're fun and with me
But there was one flavor that they had it discontinued because there were ingredients in that thing and they had to stop making it
Like with eggs
Each see I'm not like I told you with an Amsterdam when you go by those places and I've told a story a billion times
But it just it just amazes me how long can food sit out in the open like when you go into a buffet
And we don't have too many of those places anymore at least I don't think so
But remember the places where we used to have like that dust I always talk about in uh pember pines and
Mm-hmm places like that where the food just sits out there for hours and hours and oh yeah, yeah
How long can it sit out there and like stuff with mayonnaise in it?
Which is strictly for going in anyway
By the way, don't eat no mayonnaise on paysoft
That's my best suggestion to argue people out there don't eat no mayo hold the mayo baby hold this
Yeah, I think I've been inspired here today. I think that reading that story and then getting some input here and output
I think it's kind of give me an idea of how I'm gonna get rid of my homo disease man
Chaff to transfer to somebody else
Don't get your talk about it now told you got the bad guy have to lay on hands man lay on the hands
Don't forget the oil let me transfer my illness to you
You got to avoid it ever in the exorcist
When father carousel at the end
He finally he finally summoned the demon to get out of uh
Linda Blair
Reagan come into me come into me. He all of a sudden he went flying out the window down the stairs and he
became quite a head turner on the way down the stairs there remember that oh yeah come into me and of course there
There's a similar thing here, but I'm not sure it's exactly the same
Anyway, here's uh Mike sheen writes on the raw story
He said president pushes an increasingly lonely figure as his presidency wanes conservative commentator and calmness
The anxious ought to be in jail Robert Novak says
One of the real outers of gallery playing who ought to be in prison now. He ought to be in chains and shackles as we speak
With nearly two you see I'm I'm blaming it on who who is lunates Joe Bell
Wasn't he the one that was all the gong over the calls and everything I blame it on him
Keep your nose out of the show Joe
Because your ideas really blow you know
He's the one that's all well. I like the way Neil Ray
You know something after the first 80 million times that you interact with them
And tell him you're a jerk and an idiot and a jackass and an aehole after that. It's not funny anymore. Okay. No mole
But anyway
When nearly two years remaining in his presidency George W Bush is alone right no back of the Washington post in half a century
I haven't seen a president so isolated from his own party in congress
Not Jimmy Carter not even Richard Nixon as he faced impeachment not even Dick Nixon
Novak considers this thermo controversy surrounding attorney general Alberto Gonzalez the latest in the series of diverse
divisive events divisive events that underscores the separation between president and republicans in congress
Not many Republican lawmakers would speak up for Gonzalez even if they were sure Bush would stick with in Novak
Says he's the least popular cabinet member on Capitol Hill even more disliked than Rumsfeld was
The word most often used by republicans to describe the management of the justice department under Gonzalez is in
Confident in confident kind of like unbelievable or or unacceptable or unreal
Or undesirable yet congressional republicans did not trust their president to protect them rights
Novak that a lot of sufficient reason to withhold statements to support for Gonzalez because such a gesture could be quickly
Followed by his resignation under pressure like Maria Bartoromo used to say the markets under pressure
pressure and her eyeballs were like
You know a lot practically pop out of her head as she was saying and the bags under eyes and make you feel like a real quick trip to publics
He cites the case of representative Adam Putnam Republican of Florida
chair of the House Republican conference who praised on Rumsfeld in November only to see him sack shortly thereafter
Novak says that incompetent is also being used by GOP members to describe the Bush administration general
Several of my talk to Saturday try effective incompetence
The Water Read hospital scandal the FBI's misuse of the USA pay tree neck and the US attorney's firing fiasco
He quotes a house leader saying we always have claimed that we were the party of better management
How can we claim that anymore?
The saving grace that some republicans find in the dispute over US attorneys is that Novak continues
At least temporarily it draws attention away from debate over non-popular war Kevin drum rights to Washington monthly's political animal that
Novak is right
The deficiencies of the Bush governing style are legion
But when all said and done I think that the very first critique from the very first administration of postate is going to turn out to be the one that nailed the Bush's presidency core problem
They have a core problem like an apple, you know rotten to the core you heard that. Yeah, kind of like our management here
kind of like the beesleys kind of like our good friend Joyce rotten to the core ladies all the way to the
That's right
Forch radio 560
How's line in your buddy fat boy
Santa
Your
Little
So...
Hey, oh-
Hey, oh-
That's bad, that's bad.
Oh-
Craig!
Craig!
Craig!
Love an 19-560 WDQM, so I guess,
and there's a link that I'm supposed to fun on here.
I'm spending half of my time on a computer here,
but my close personal friend correspondent out there
tells me, if I want to get cured, I'd cold-stone cream me
just to go to that link.
And there's definitely some nasty stuff that I should be
reading about that link, uh-huh?
What do you think?
And this, by the way, is something that loves that stuff too.
It's really interesting, the pot-counter kettle pink,
that's what I noticed.
Don't eat it, I love it, but don't you eat it because it'll kill you.
And that's good advice, though, you know?
That is good advice.
Yeah, is it?
Do not go to Bastard Robbins and have that hot-pot Sunday.
You crazy person you.
Don't go to Bastard.
Don't go to Bastard Robbins, you crazy person you.
Oh, I'm speaking of the Fax machine, that's another thing.
You know, this audience, because we keep them abreast of all the inside
and inner goings and outer goings.
Um, they would be astonished to realize that the reason I,
you know, I spent that money out of my own pocket.
Not that it was that much money.
I can lose that in about three minutes of wood buying.
They're a couple under bucks.
But to get you a nice new all-in-one Fax printer, scanner,
a copy, or whatever, just like the two I have here.
Worked like a charm.
Shows up down there and they actually ever hook it up so that it worked?
Yeah.
And then the toner ran out of ink because they put it to have any.
Because it's, you know, second hand.
But that's a bad thing.
And so the thing is sitting over there on the table.
I'm not connected.
Not doing anything.
Because they're too cheap to buy a toner cartridge for it.
I'm tempted to get on an office default down there.
And already like a half a dozen.
I get them like four or five at a time here.
What kind of a cartridge?
It's supposed to be on a stock exchange that's supposed to be a listed freaking company.
Can't afford to buy toner cartridges to make the Fax machine work mine.
That's my question, mine.
I want to spend increasing.
Yeah, I want to spending freeze now.
Maybe because we only got 85 million spots to be able to spend increased.
And you want to know why?
Because they can see they got the numbers down.
And nice small numbers now.
One's in a two.
Like, Lawrence Welk number one at two and a three.
You know, that's where the Lawrence Welk station, baby.
One at two and a three.
And of course you show me where the three is.
And I'll show you a million dollars in cash somewhere in your back pocket.
So as a result of that, we're on like a real tight freeze now.
No paper clips, no staples, no toner cartridges for sure.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Because it's another chapter in the ongoing saga of QAM.
Neil has to spring the money for a Fax machine that works down there.
So they can like fax and copy and fax in the log every morning.
All of these things.
See, I'm right.
I don't need this damn phone over here.
What the hell do I need to cause for?
Yeah, for that.
I ride.
Oh, you know, a Jordan just people.
I'm going to show.
Great show, Neil.
What ever happened to this new Lankard that did?
Yeah, that was a good routine too.
And I squeak and Camberl Martian and Apple Crappies.
The same six people with the same very bad material.
And then we got Don and Roberta Sherwood out there too.
Yeah.
If you would just put Don Sherwood on there, Neil, then yeah, then I'd kill myself.
I'll go door and say to Stirlen.
It just goes to Sherwood though, when you talk about resiliency.
Yesterday, I honestly, I really mean this.
For those people who really enjoy the show or maybe actually even like me personally,
which may be two or three people out there, but you know, whatever.
I actually felt like getting nothing, walking out of here.
Because this rate, this company has no interest in doing anything to assist you.
That their idea of the way it works is you show up every day and you make magic.
That's all.
And they don't have to do anything except pay.
That's the responsibility.
That's the way it is to write to a check.
And there are no accessories or other people.
It's a fine check.
It's a big fat check.
Trust me when I tell you.
But that's their concept of what it's all about.
Hey, you realize we only have an hour and 27 minutes to go until Marlon Baseball time.
To which I see the boys.
And they're easy.
They're zooming up there.
Then you'll see.
I want the entire audience here.
We have some similar correspondence out there.
They really depress when we have these Marlon games.
Oh, geez.
They love this Marlon stuff.
We have to turn it off.
But you know something.
Look at it from my standpoint.
Look at it from its adding days and years to my life.
So that I can be around nudging you and bugging the crap out of you.
And you know, and all this stuff, right?
Right.
That's what it's all about.
No, man.
It's hot in here.
I sure hope I don't have the heat on down there.
Do you think I have the heat?
I don't know.
See, that's one thing about the spring.
Now I'm not talking about it in Florida.
I'm talking about a real place like here.
The spring.
One day it can be like 30 degrees.
Mm-hmm.
But third, man.
And the next day, like today, it's going to be 70.
Right.
It's going to be 73 degrees in Toronto today, boys and girls.
Go up on the green.
And I have to go to the Ontario and go for a swim.
What do you say?
Put on my feet.
I'll go for a swim.
But you've got to float over here.
But see, 70 day only 50 tomorrow on Thursday and 59 on Friday with big sun.
I always like when you look under weather and they got the big sun symbol.
You know, like not a cloud in the sky.
Like it is right now, man.
Oh, well.
There's not a-
Wait.
Thank you, Will.
Cookie dough ice cream had the egg in it.
Oh, well.
Oh, okay.
Let me be.
I won't have to go to that link though that my buddy was suggesting I go to the wall.
Let me tell you something.
Whatever it is that's in the ice cream that you don't expect to be there is not as dangerous as the stuff that you know is in there to you.
What does that mean?
The sugar is what's going to kill you.
Right.
If they rolled the ice cream in dog crap, it's the sugar that's going to kill you.
You need it.
I like that.
Oh, man.
What's the paper ice cream?
It's I need.
You know something.
That's what I need.
Badly.
I need a dog.
Okay.
They allow you there in the building.
Maybe I can't see.
No, I can't have.
There are no pets allowed in this building.
No pets at all that even though.
Well, maybe Chris, if I want to come up from here, I could pet him a little bit.
Heavy petting?
How about starting out with light petting would be good.
Anything at all would be an improvement.
You know, you could take a little heavy petting zoo.
A little something something sounds good to me.
Anyway, let's take a look at that poll and see if we got that thousand votes yet.
Oh, we're on the verge, baby.
We're right on the verge.
We got 968.
I think it was 68.
968.
That's exactly what I said.
Well, I'll put my glasses on just to be damn sure.
I don't want to be given out any misinformation here.
Okay.
I don't mind being called an old queen or stuff like that.
But if somebody would say, oh, that he arrived as he was like misinformation.
Like you know, like Joe Bell, mismanagement.
But if they keep showing that picture of that fat cow bitch and her son, you know,
he aggravates me because I don't mind that she's dead.
But like right there, he was watching that.
He was a really nice kid.
If he was ugly, of course, I wouldn't have cared at all.
She just said, nice telenovelas.
That is not good.
The fact that I see I have to admit, oh, promiscuous priest.
How do we know that?
What is the other redundancy given to me for the work I was doing?
We hear what else he's accused of.
Sure, it's only for sex.
I would listen to those two getscues that stole all the money and they were out there screwing around.
Doing the Lord's work, man.
They were doing it for all glory.
Whole.
931 votes on the pool.
Rhymes with whole.
And of course that Marlon baseball game come out of a 1250.
Not that we're concerned about.
The game's greatest scores.
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr.
And he grew to rule a New England dynasty.
Three Super Bowl rings.
Twice Super Bowl MVP and a playoff resume akin to a first class ticket to Canton, Ohio.
However, his powers on the gridiron gives way only to his powers in the bedroom.
For late in the 2006 season, Tom Brady achieved the greatest back to back scoring feat in the modern era.
First he impregnated Celtery Hollywood starlet Bridget Moynihan, then against all odds.
This heroic field general bedded and inseminated lingerie Supermodel, Giselle Bunchin, and so in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets.
We bequeath the laurels and regale among the game's greatest scores.
Number 12, Tom Brady.
I just was able to find this thing and it's going to make you sick.
It's going to make me sick?
Well, it's going to make you not.
Do you go to cold stone at R1?
I've been there once.
And by that I mean somebody brought over ice cream from there once.
Okay, now this is this website.
I'm not really sure because I got off of this thing.
But it's one of these health kind of things like a warning to all these horrible things that would kill you.
Okay, and it's got a picture of this container.
Oh, man, I wish I wasn't in the front of this out.
It's probably good that you did.
It's a container from cold stone.
It's got like a chocolate.
What would you call it?
Like the outer rim of this thing, oxygen instead of rim.
The outer part of it is chocolate.
And then the ice cream is inside, all inside the cup.
Oh, it says sorry, so a stone cold cream refrigerator.
And see I can't even read it, I'm so tongue tied.
But your favorite ice cream place has CSPI screaming.
Now what is CSPI?
That's the website that I just got this off of.
Or it's an MSNBC consumer.
What does that stand for?
CSPI.
I don't know.
Safety of product information.
Could that be it?
Consumer safety product.
I just made that up, but I think that could be it.
What do you think?
Sounds good.
What's it got to do with my content?
Well, it's a health and fitness thing.
Anyway, going back to this, it says the group called
called out the founders favorite combo as extreme.
But boy, it sure does look good.
Mm-mm-mm.
Yeah, it's extremely good looking.
Here's the scoop.
It says it starts with a 14 ounce softball.
It starts out with a 14 ounce softball size mount of ice cream
placed in a chocolate waffle cone bowl.
That's what that is.
That thing on the rim.
Then topped with pecans, brownie pieces, fudge and caramel.
Or with some goi and say caramel.
It was a crisp that was giving me that crap about its caramel.
Were you saying that?
I don't think it was me.
No, well, you don't care what you call it.
This is as long as you get to eat it.
You're like me.
Caramel, caramel, whatever.
You're like me. You're just a pig.
And it's first of all, it comes to sweets, baby.
When it comes to sweets, I am bad.
And that's what's killing me, man.
It's not killing me.
I'm doing pretty good.
When I sound human today, even if it's my those two,
those two things that bake in today.
So you can get more.
If I can lay off the ice cream, I'll sound really good tomorrow.
I know.
Just remember, it's poison.
Yeah.
What?
No shredded coconut says or a CSP.
Yes.
Where are the gummy bears?
Oreos or Reese's pieces?
See, I'm not big on it.
All of that chasera, you know?
Shredded coconut.
The yucky.
Shredded coconut.
Yeah.
Oh, and there's seven more things on there.
I'm getting the message you want.
After I put it this way, I'm going to vomit.
Okay.
Really?
No.
Thanks, Steve.
Just what I needed.
It says, the founder's favorite checks that at 1740 calories,
48 grams of saturated fat, even four grams of trans fat,
and four times the healthy amount in a day.
And there is no really healthy amount of trans fat.
That's the killer, baby.
That's the killer and vanilla, even if it's on vanilla.
Ask for extra spoons and find some people.
It says, the dessert equates to five single scoop ice cream cones.
Well, I can handle that.
Now, what is it again?
It's the, um, what do they call it?
Extreme?
Okay.
No.
Well, what is the name of it?
Does it have a name?
See, this thing is so poorly written,
it really frosts my fat ass.
It says, your favorite ice cream place has them screaming.
Oh, it's founder's favorite combo.
Founder's favorite combo.
My bad.
Excuse me.
But I'm getting my blood sugar is going up and it's looking at it.
And during the break, I'm going to have to go back on this site
and look at the other.
How many did he say they were like four other?
Should look at the seven other things on there.
Oh.
But you know something I think yesterday,
I think they were trying to kill me.
I think, you know, with the phone calls,
the history and the radio state, all this stuff.
And I got into a very morbid state of mind.
And, uh, and then today, I think since that didn't work,
they're trying to do it with ice cream.
You think?
Yeah, well, they know that's your weakness.
Oh, that's one of my weaknesses too.
Anything sweet, you know what I mean?
Oh.
I heard it was sour.
Yeah, well, sorry.
I like it.
It's in sour.
Is that what you're going to say?
I knew that's where you were going.
Sour.
I wasn't thinking that at all.
I was sour.
I was thinking this sweet crout.
That's what I was thinking.
This is sheer.
A little little sherry isn't all that bad, you know what I'm saying?
We got an hour and 14 minutes to the ballgame.
And when I click this baby again, we might be out of thousand votes.
It's creeping along 9.95.
It's coming along 9.95.
We'll have 1,000 after the break.
After I look at the cold stone creamery.
I will say this much about that because I don't want to say
that John brought some of that home a couple of times when I was down there.
Not the last couple of times.
Thank God.
Don't be doing it again, John.
Well, he just knows that that's, you know, see, everybody hits you at your weakness.
You know what I mean?
They always, they find what your weakness is and then they hit you at it.
Right.
And then they dangle things in your face.
Right.
They dangle it here.
And then they run like hell.
But boy, I'll tell you that.
And that stuff, and with me,
it's got to be, they always say that you crave the foods that you're allergic to.
Okay?
Okay.
They crave the foods you're allergic to.
And with me, it's pasta and ice cream for as long, for at least 30 years.
Yes, 30, man.
And just to show yesterday, I got off the show.
I wanted to practically kill myself.
I was so depressed from this stupid crack and letting the callers destroy the show
and making an ass out of myself right there in front of at least 100 people,
which is all we got left listening.
And what did I do?
I ran across the street and I got that ice cream and it worked.
Sugar, anybody who says sugar is not a drug is a crazy person, okay?
Okay.
All right.
See, and I'm, I'm just reading more about this site.
Okay.
About consumer protection information.
Yeah, something, I don't want to eat something because it's good for me.
I want to eat because it tastes good.
Because I mean, especially at my age, you know, now that I'm a daughtering old fool,
you people are going to miss me.
Let me tell you that once they stiff my ass into the ground, you're going to say,
what at Neil, man, what the hell do we ever survive in South Florida without his ass?
You know what? They're going to miss me.
Even the detractors out there, especially them.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
What would they do without you?
I make their day because they know they have no life.
And when they tune on between 10 and 2, I don't give a damn what else is going on?
And where they are glued to that radio, just a shot of my voice gets them in a nearly orgasmic mental kind of sense.
And probably even physical, who knows?
Who knows, how long knows what they're doing?
While they're listening to sound of my voice.
You know, like that.
God, I don't even know exactly what they're doing.
That's when I'm thinking, look at this ice cream.
Founder's favorite.
Sounds like something like maybe the founding fathers would have done.
Now, I'm really curious about how long I don't want to, I guess I could Google it, you know?
When I'm through looking at these other seven flavors and all of the other good stuff I'm supposed to look at.
But when did ice cream start?
And who invented it?
Now, wouldn't it be Shane?
We know all about the great gelato in Italy, right?
Oh, Mama Mia.
Yes, the food in Italy.
Anybody who hasn't been Italy speaking of our pool today, oh, we got a thousand of them on both.
How you like that, Chris? You like it? Good.
I'm happy.
What I meant to say was,
I like it.
But anyway, with the great gelato, and I'll tell you where else they have great ice cream is in Germany.
Man, they have got the most fabulous ice cream in Germany.
Why, why that is? I don't know.
In fact, all the food in Germany is good.
You know, those bratwursts and the sour, crout and venerous schnitzel.
A lot of venerous in Germany. That's why I like going there.
But both the food is really good.
And in Rome, though, the best in the world in Italy.
So do you know anything about the history of ice cream since you know someone's really good there?
Are you really?
Well, let's get in our love minutes to go, which probably is like really cutting it short.
But it's not as interesting as the Marlin game I know.
But the biggest name, sub-best down at this is Pium Rogers, 4.2560.
And then you burn it down.
You can get somebody to believe anything.
If you make the Bible say it's true, follow the Bible.
No matter what you do, you can be glory.
But the Lord will always forgive you.
Pick up the poison and snake.
The Bible says, wave it all around.
The Bible says, find the sorghum's linus.
The Bible says, and shoot a doctor down.
Everybody, clear along with me, okay?
Come on, here we go, the Republicans.
Speak the crowd out of your kids.
The Bible says, your duty to rot in the battle.
The Bible says, you're on a scale, run in.
The Bible says, and has to play the battle.
The Bible says, find all the chickens, babe.
The Bible says, you make a sacrifice.
Oh, right.
Over this hour, we've been involved in these.
Marlon's today, thank God for that.
Because I've got a lot of eaten to do.
I mean a lot of running around to do.
Twice, Michael is not here with me, Paul.
This article here about health and fitness.
And it's showing what it is.
Is it shows all the different things that you can buy
in various establishments that are the worst things in the world
for you to eat?
Yeah.
And for a pig like me, do I really care that they're bad for me?
No.
First nut.
Now this, I thought that the colossal burger
in Ruby Tuesdays was pretty impressive.
Impressive.
And it is.
And only when you see the pictures, though,
I haven't gotten through all of these yet.
It says there are a lot of giant hamburgers out there
for the gorging these days.
But CSPI says, Ruby Tuesdays is the chubhouse leader.
The chubhouse leader.
Huh?
With its colossal burger.
Two patties and three layer bun.
And when you see the size of the patties, man,
this is a big, I can't even imagine anybody,
even the fatest people we can think of who are,
got a mouth big enough to put that baby in.
Just a starting point.
You've got obviously this with a knife and a fork.
You get a total of 1940 calories in the CSPI points out.
That's before the fries were optional so-offs.
The burger was so big that served with a steak knife.
Oh, I see.
They stick the steak knife in and through the top of it.
Don't hold it together.
And it allows for some fork lifting
as they actually try to eat the thing.
Along with the meat and the bread, you get enough American melted-
a melted American and moderate jack cheeses to equal
equating four to five McDonald's quarter pounders total-
hahaha, total grams of fat.
141 grams.
All right.
With CSPI estimates, at least half and maybe three quarters
of the unhealthy saturated fat.
Mmm.
Mmm.
See, there he goes, thinking about Germany again.
Mmm.
Yeah, you're right.
Oh, that's me, you know.
Now comes this, because again, it's my obsession with sweets.
I'll be for I get to the one about the outrageous chocolate cake.
Here's a twice baked lasagna with meatballs.
It says it'll surprise nobody that lasagna is a bit heavier distance
than say spaghetti marinero or even feta chini bolognese.
But the Romanos macaroni grill, which I love the macaroni grill,
you know how I feel about them.
Is he there?
What, I'm right here.
What do you talk about?
Oh.
Why are you swooning?
Is this something that I have nothing but sneezing and coughing fits, so.
Well, if you'd stop reading about ice cream, now do you know who we're let's sing?
Yeah, I did.
There's a lot of...
Okay, well we'll get to it.
We got an hour and two minutes to.
Nothing I'm counting you understand.
Before the Marlins game, CSPI counted 1360 calories
of our favorite and 16-were-the-tempical restaurant meat lasagna.
The 38 grams of fat and 3900 milligrams of sodium nearly double
most other restaurant lasagna's.
The Romanos version has six layers of pasta,
stuffed with meatballs, three cheeses and a meat sauce.
Mmm.
CSPI says it's the dietary equivalent of eating five pork chops.
Oh no!
Five pork chops, even I don't like pork that much.
Wow.
That's not something I really...
I don't know, is that because it's for going?
I don't care that I like, I like, brought worse plenty, you know.
If pork chops isn't that something I would order in a restaurant,
would you ever order that?
No, but I think I might have.
I really want to pick out.
Pork chops are really good depending on who's making them
and all that stuff.
But generally, I think if they cook them too long, they could dry it out.
That is correct.
There's nothing worse than dry pork.
And stuffed pork chops are really good at that.
Mmm.
Even people's houses, they split the pork chop and then they stung them with butterfly.
Exactly.
And what are they sticking really good?
I don't want to stuff them.
I saw that movie.
Outrageous chocolate cake, CSPI refers to this dish as a factory reject
to play on the name of the restaurant chain the Cheesecake Factory.
Never eaten it the Cheesecake Factory.
There's one right over there by me at the side of it.
Now, the only thing I've heard, you know, you hear all kinds of stuff,
and it actually goes someplace and discover for yourself.
You don't even know what the label is.
Once or twice never again.
And well, tell me why.
The food is fine if you can never get it.
That's true.
You can never get anybody.
Yeah, bad service is an understatement.
And very loud.
It's very loud.
If you jump up and down on the table and scream,
somebody might notice that you've actually been seated there.
But after about an hour, you might get somebody to pay attention
to you and take a rear order.
And then after about another hour, they might bring in your food that's already cold by that point.
Anyway, it actually is called Chris's Outrageous Chocolate Cake.
And this crisp, clear-to-lice chocolate.
It's a big old piece, man.
The cake is described in the menu as layers of moist chocolate cake, chewy brownie,
toasted coconut pecan filling, and creamy chocolate chip coconut cheesecake.
It's a big old piece, man.
The total slice served is five inches high, and weighs three quarters of a pound.
The dessert is 1380 calories, which is actually on the low side for the extreme eating nominees.
But there's a catch.
The cake contains 32 teaspoons of sugar.
What you might expect in four decadent desserts combined.
32 teaspoons of sugar.
CSPI equates it to two McDonald's quarter pounders and a larger of a fries.
Pommes, three pests.
I keep trying to tell you quitting them fries.
Well, it all looks really good, but I go back to the stand, cold stone creamy,
because of my ice cream weakness.
And the fact that it's sitting in a chocolate waffle cone bowl,
which I never even heard of that before, but it's just great.
It's so great.
Yeah.
Oh, if you see.
I don't want to.
Oh, I might send a link along to you.
Oh, yeah.
It's a nice one to tell you.
Chocolate waffle cone bowl in top with pecans, brownie pieces, fudge, and caramel.
See, I almost said it myself, caramel.
I hate that.
But the ice cream to me, I don't know even know what it is.
For a minute, it looks like, almost like Rocky Road.
Oh, my God.
This is bad.
It's great.
For all you people out there, we apologize profusely.
It's a very good time.
Because if you're like me and you see all this stuff, it gets you all whipped up,
it gets your appetite going, and you're going to the rest of the day.
And especially since I get off at 12.50, I think there's a method for the madness here, you know.
But then again, I see.
No, I always do that.
I blame everybody else.
You know, I blame other people for my own weaknesses.
You know, it's just, let's see.
Here's a message.
It says, I love the cheesecake.
Fact we never had any problems with service.
All their food is great.
An elephant-sized portion.
I think that's a hint.
You know, elephant-sized portion.
Here is double stacked club case ideas on the borders.
I never heard of it.
Have you ever heard of a Mexican joint called on the borders?
No.
I heard of borders both on the handles.
Oh, yeah.
It's on the candle.
Oh, there is one on the borders.
Yep.
Case-a-dee is make the extreme eating list for being about 50% to 100% less healthy than the already fairly unhealthy cheese case-a-dee is with sour cream and guacamole.
You get at most restaurants.
The chain's double stacked club case-a-dee is feature large portions of tortillas and cheese accompanied by making of a club sandwich.
For heated chicken, crumbled bacon, fresh avocado, fat.
God, do I hate avocado?
Don't we even have a bit, don't we?
Do we?
Avocado.
Yeah, we did.
Not if I'm going to play it.
Just, I knew we had it.
We got a bit for everything, man.
Not for cold stone cream yet.
Avocado.
Yeah, see there it is.
I hate it.
I like the bit, but I don't like the sour cream and French dressing.
The total damage is 1800 calories, 52 grams of saturated fat and 3,440 milligrams of sodium.
CSPI equates it to two full orders of cheese laden nachos or somewhere between four and five grilled cheese sandwiches.
Oh, I love grilled cheese sandwiches.
Special look on Rai, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Double stacked club case-a-dee is.
That doesn't, I don't know.
I mean, that looks good.
There's nothing I've seen on here yet.
The twice baked lasagna with meatballs at the macaroni grill looks really, really good.
The gigantic cheese factory, whatever they call that, outrageous chocolate cake.
That thing is just nauseatingly good looking, disgustingly good looking,
and the giant burger there, and where is that at the Ruby Tuesdays?
I haven't, I've only just begun, like Karen would say, hey, Karen, why didn't you eat some of this honey?
Can you imagine if we could have just gotten Karen to eat some of this good stuff?
Karen Carpenter, if she were just here today, here's another one, looks really good, but you wouldn't like it.
Fresh chicken and broccoli pasta.
Mm-hmm.
These are even like broccoli.
I do, I love it.
Ruby Tuesday with heavily, heavy-yes, what does it say?
It seems healthy enough.
The chicken is pulled from a roasted bird, and the broccoli is steamed.
The pasta is standard pente pasta, but then the entire entree forms into cardiac catastrophe.
2000 calorie cardiac catastrophe, I like to sound like that.
It's got all this melted cheese on it.
Oh, God, I love melted cheese.
In fact, that would be like an erotic thing, thinking about erotic cheese on,
anything like that, you know what I mean?
I can't say it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Why?
Another joke.
What do you have no idea what it was thinking?
Why you probably do have an idea?
Probably because of the audience has no idea what I was thinking about.
It was probably something like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's me, you know, that's just me.
That's just me.
When you start talking about Germany and brought worse and stuff like that,
I start, you know, I get weak at the knees.
You know, I'm so easy.
It takes very little to give me emotionally distraught.
1030 votes on the pool, 1030 WBZ Boston Man, one of the great A.M.'s of all time.
Too bad all you punched out there, never owned a radio when it was worth owning.
Oh, boy.
Don't you think probably it's a, and if they don't stop showing this inmate idol craft,
Oh my God.
Have you seen this thing on CNN?
They must have played every 20 minutes.
It'd be in between and in the cool and her son.
He used to look pretty good when he was alive, when he if he would have just shaved and taken a bath.
But an inmate idol.
Sorry.
Watching this is a miracle to you.
A star in America, a star in America, where jailbirds are singing and dancing and the jukin' and jive.
We're not much to do.
I got nail rages on the radio and, hey, what do you know?
Yeah, it's a day away, call it day, 12 to 1 hour.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
So many trips to the grocery store.
Eventually I lose them weight some day.
I think that I'm barely just feeding my ass through the door.
I miss your, I'm looking my budget.
Whoa, the world is still feeding this one.
I like it, it, it, it, it, it.
I like you, I wanna know by now.
I'm a gig in the house, out on Gladysack.
Just look at the fat on my tummy.
And it seems that you waste the time.
With those new diets out, mama, I'm fat.
Look at me, I'm still flinging out.
I'm flinging out.
Probably one at five, 60 W.H.M. only, 49 minutes away from Marlon's baseball.
All right, Marlon's in the Orioles in Fort Lauderdale,
hangs on after the game with the, at the tennis tournament that we don't care about.
And then you got Panther preview at 6.30.
Panthers at the lighting seven o'clock.
And after the Panther game it's night, night, night, lights out.
But here's another one from the pickup picks.
And by the way, it's the, I wasn't even close.
Center for science and the pubic interest.
What did I call it?
Some, I don't know.
That's what CSPI.
Something perverted, I think you said.
Something disgusting perverted and I thought the piece did for something else.
But that's me, you know, that's old purve, that's me.
And proud of it.
Anyway, they evaluated popular restaurant dishes such as Fedichini Alfredo,
which is known as heart attack on a plate, and Kung Pao Chicken,
more than days worth of salt.
And one of them here, pizza skins, and it's got a picture.
And this looks really, really good.
Of course they all look good.
I don't see a picture of anything on there that doesn't look really, really yummy to me.
Pizza skins, it says, the Center for Science and the Public Interest calls
appetizers the most treacherous territory on the restaurant menu.
Did you know that?
No.
Before we tell us all about the history of ice cream, it says no wonder.
The Uno Chicago girl has come up with an appetizer that fuses deep dish pizza
with potato skins for pizza skins.
Oh enough carbs for you, Nair?
We got pizza and potato together, all right.
The dish features the Uno signature deep dish crust, mozzarella cheese, mashed potatoes,
bacon, cheddar cheese and sour cream.
So if anybody's going to be going to Chicago anytime soon,
there's a little heart attack right there in front of your nose.
Uno Chicago girl and pizza skins.
It adds up to 2050 calories, more than recommended for most adult women in an entire day,
and about 150 calories short for the average guy for the whole day.
Pizza skins also have 48 grams of saturated fat and 3,140 milligrams of sodium.
C.S.P.I. equated it to three, pizza hot personal pan, pampery-rooney,
pizzas plus three-pats of butter.
Oh, fold the butter.
Man, it looks really, really good.
But don't they all, okay, let's hear about the history of ice cream,
you screen, we all screen for ice cream, especially that one.
Where'd I do with it?
All right.
Don't tell me I've thrown it out.
I would never do that.
Well, there it is.
Founder's favorite.
Man, it looks good.
But anyway, go ahead.
Anyway, on antiquity, the various ancient cultures enjoyed frozen desserts,
the royalty did, those who could afford ice, would freeze fruit juice, sweeten with honey,
etc. and so on.
The first recorded incident of adding milk to that mixture with during the Yuan dynasty,
when they picked up that practice from the Mongols, who used milk and their cooking,
but the Chinese did not.
So some Mongolian idiot made ice cream?
Oh, well, some Mongolian idiot introduced milk into cooking and then some Chinese man
added that into the mixture of the fruit juice and the sweetener that they were already
doing to serve to the royalty.
Now, folklore has it that Marco Polo brought that information over to Italy,
but there's no documentation to support it.
He doesn't mention ice cream.
Maybe that's what I had.
Maybe I had Marco Polo homo.
Maybe you had Marco Polo.
Marco Polo.
Because the pasta, which he introduced and the ice cream.
He did introduce pasta, that's documented, but the ice cream does not appear in any of his writing,
so that's more folklore based on the fact that the first time that it did appear in Europe,
documented frozen milk dessert concoctions, it did appear in Italy first in Europe,
but that's after the 13th century Chinese people did it.
Nice!
So there you go.
And then it spread like wildfire from there.
Wildfire?
18 something rather was when they invented the hand crank ice cream machine,
which made it available for the common folk in America.
18 something they were cranking it by hand.
You know it.
I believe that.
And it was a chick that invented that thing.
Oh, she was cranking it by hand.
Well, she was probably popular.
I would have been on the rag and needed something.
1846 Nancy Johnson.
Nancy Johnson?
Wow!
How do you like that?
I actually got a name.
She was the first one to hang crank ice cream.
Wow!
I bet you the guys were milling in there for miles around.
Big industrial to-do before that turn.
I wonder if she was kind of well.
What's your name?
What's the broad that he says in the one I call every day?
Susan Gray.
Gray, and that's the one.
Well, rhymes with it.
I'm trying to block it out.
Yeah, I wonder if she was kind of Susan Gray.
And you notice here it is it's 305.
I have the thing turned off.
The monitor on the phone.
And not even thinking about putting a call on here.
Now have we had any shortage of what?
Anything.
Yes, of stuff to talk about, especially with you doing the food porno show.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe we had a combination of food and porno every day on here.
The meal was food and porno.
So you ever eat while you're...
Yeah.
While you're what?
Did something else?
Why did you do something there?
Not really when you came right down to it.
In fact, I heard that eating in bed is very frowned upon because all the crumbs get all over the place.
But then it's like a little something left to lap up, you know?
Wait, let's put the crackers.
Depending on what they look like.
It's not real cookies, man.
And anyway, so the ice cream has been around 200 and some odd.
More.
More than that.
Well, I mean, hand crank.
Well, 1300s.
13, I mean, that's 12, right?
We're talking about 7, oh, man.
And then some that I've had from the convenience store, it's of the consistency where you think that's when they made it.
Because if you get some that's been...
You ever have anything that's got like freezer burn on it?
Oh, yeah.
Well, if you ever put hamburgers in the...
Yeah, of course.
We've all known it for like a year and you know, you know, you think,
Oh, I put this in there a month ago or something.
I have no idea what the recollection when you put it in there.
And then you get the old freezer burn.
Oh, my God.
That's almost as bad as an aspirin.
But not quite.
Oh, there's your presence speaking of ass.
These two networks inside.
Not a meat, better boot, better boot.
Oh, God.
Hubman-dread.
Oh, you better call out by a Joyce and tell him that Neil said hubman-dread.
The president should go to hell.
That's what that means.
He should only go to hell.
He should only burn in hell.
My idea of an ideal vacation out of 1047 votes is...
...getting off to another country 284.
A tropical island, 150.
160, excuse me.
Across country, excursion 91.
Staying home drinking beer watching TV, 88.
Vegas, Casino, 79.
Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone, 69.
Having a wild time.
Soaring my oats 69.
See that?
Zincrew 69.
Beach 50.
Ski resort 43.
That whole skiing thing.
I mean, yeah, I guess there are people that are like athletic, which old Jews are not athletic and never have been.
But I just, I don't understand that whole thing.
What's the point of that?
It's fun and you're going downhill, so it's not like you're working a lot.
Yeah, you're right about that last part there.
I'm going downhill, alright.
Thank God, I thank God everybody rescued me.
I feel like Funtilla Bass with a very shapely ass.
Now, if you got that, rescue me by Funtilla Bass, I bet you got it.
Look at that, that, that, that, that, that, that's a great song right on.
And speaking of songs, I'm going to start, I'm going to start working on what we're going to be playing going up to the Marlin game.
There it is, Funtilla Bass with a real low fat ass.
Air B DJ, they ever play that song.
And some stupid ass content to make my Funtilla Bass with a shapely, a, a shapely lass with a big fat ass.
Right.
They were allowed to say ass in those days.
No, that's what I was just going to say that.
Of course not, they wanted to say that.
Here we go.
That's in future president's favorite, that's what I'm thinking.
Is that it?
Oh, that's not the right cut.
One, two, three, four, four, four, four, five, four, five, four.
Yeah, that is.
There you go, great, good, good, yeah.
Good Canadian boy, near young.
I used to like him a lot 100 years ago, but singing was really popular for a lot.
Yeah, that is beautiful, beautiful.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It is beautiful, but beautiful.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You checked out.
You checked.
Huh?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's gonna be the president.
Oh, right.
Yeah, I think that's something we might play up to the ballgame time.
Of course, there are a lot of right wingers that give me the ball, give me the ball, you know?
Like all those pictures on our MySpace page where all those athletes are like grabbing each other's sack.
I mean, I don't understand it.
I would be wanting to force the sack of potatoes and they were like hungry, I can understand that.
But that's not the sack we're talking about.
Spuds.
Yeah, I thought in football was the only sport where they get sacked.
And even in football, we haven't noticed so many times.
I'm sure Chris has noticed this, even though his head was sexual mind tries to avoid seeing it.
But how many times guys get tackled and the tackler is reaching right around their sack.
You know what I'm saying?
Well, I don't think they're trying to grab them there.
You don't think that's where they're trying to grab them.
That's what you're going to have to mental about.
I don't ever actually thought about it.
You know what I'm not saying?
You have them, but now that I've mentioned to you when football season starts, you're going to be watching that a lot.
You're going to be watching that a lot.
And some of our MySpace people come up with these really neat pictures, very known.
Especially that I can't remember which one of the group balls it is out there.
We've got all these strange pictures of athletes grabbing each other in very strange.
Like that one baseball picture where the guy hits the home run, he's crossing home plate.
And the guy that's going ahead of him is standing there waiting and congratulating him by squeezing, I can't say it.
You know, squeezing for no reason.
Have you seen that picture?
I saw it.
I don't think I have.
Well, I know.
And George could handle it.
You can't handle it.
Why is that?
You can't handle the truth.
You can't handle the truth about sports because George hates it all anyway.
So he finds it amusing.
You know, it's a gay club ball at stuff like, like, like, Alabama, H.M. would say.
If, if, if, now, we're still around, it could speak.
That's a gay club you're more on.
I wonder if he's still around anywhere else.
I told you I read his blog.
See, that's why I'm not going to write any more entries in my blog because that's what happens to all of us former, you have famous people like,
Al, who used to be famous.
And now he's more like, you know, they destroyed him.
They ruined his life.
And so now he writes a blog.
So I'm not going to be doing that no more.
You think?
What do I think?
I don't know.
I'm just telling you, I'm just, I'm spawning the way it is, man.
I mean, I wouldn't write a blog just because it's an effort.
No, that's true. It takes a minute for you.
And then you've got to come up with something interesting creative that somebody never want to hear about.
I don't want to do that.
That's for people who don't have a radio show.
No, that's right.
Well, what do I need a blog for when I got four hours to be asked here every day, or at least two hours and fifteen minutes on Marlon Vays, like today, and Thursday?
From and it's passed noon to QM.
We're forty, what a thirty-eight minutes away.
Wow, but who's counting till Marlon's baseball?
What a beautiful day, man.
Beautiful day or two.
Sonny and gonna be 80, I do believe in Fort Lauderdale.
I looked up the weather just to make sure there was not gonna be no rain outs.
Fifty-eight here already, it's gonna be twenty-one Celsius that's seventy degrees, man.
Seventy degrees as the crow flies.
Goodbye, I'm in a cold, bad pasty holder.
You'll need a shoehorn to wedge you inside of me, I know, case.
To lower your fat ass in the ground.
Yes, you can't spend that money now.
But you sure die trying to say how's that white trash diet that was gonna get you back to me with whiskey and in bed of me?
And I'm really surprised that you knew how to die because you were that dumb.
You accomplished nothing and it became a media superstar.
I would have asked you to break a twenty-eight panther.
No more, and neither corporate media has something other to teach.
Outside of crazy panther-wearing, as they're not to be rich.
Oh yeah, let's pamper that bitch.
It's still 19 at 5'60 WQM.
Boy, we're just mad or a moment.
Nice!
Away from Arlen Baseball.
Aren't you thrilled that we got all these pick-off picks here from the Center for Science and the Peabock and Tristor,
what have you been on with CSPI?
Yes, sure.
See, on the one hand, they're trying to like a warn everybody about all, this is gonna kid ya, and this is really bad for ya.
In the meantime, what is it that they're really doing?
What they're doing is they're doing tremendous promotion for all these risturantes and all these phenomenally bad for ya treats, man, because we're all pigs.
See, if there was a god, I mean, why on you religious nuts, you stupid people, all the gods who are.
Just stop and think about it.
If there was a god, then how come that everything is so delectable and phenomenal like this stuff that we're all talking about and like the cold stone creamy?
How come that's so bad for ya?
It's gonna kid ya if you eat too much and make you diabetic and sick and chop your leg off.
You said it if you eat too much, it's not so bad, it's just how much you pigs intend on shoveling into your face.
You know what Chris, he was talking about to us?
That's right.
Yeah, well, you know, schmuck.
Pots.
You know Chris, I'm thinking about when George was out sick last Thursday, the hood out on the wall.
I was joshed in on the show, and remember that?
God, he was good.
Well, hey, we'll find out again next week.
He thinks you're both fat pigs too.
That's right, you're on vacation next week.
Oh, josh is gonna be there next week.
Oh, he's gonna call you a fat pig.
He's not gonna call me no fat pig.
No, he loves me, man.
He wants to be in my will.
I think that's why he's all suckin' out so heavy duty lately, Josh has been, you know.
He wants in that will.
He's decided to be kind of a thrill.
And I told him, take a chill.
How many votes we got on the pool here so far?
1066, not too bad.
I think we'll make 1100 by game time.
Wouldn't that be nice?
I mean, huh?
Wouldn't that be nice?
I think so.
You're featherin' a crisis cat for whatever reason.
I feel like, I don't know how the hell I've done this.
I couldn't have done it alone.
I've said it like a lot of all my buddies out there helping me change my whole attitude on life.
And the fact that I was wise enough, see, you have to know when to go with the flow,
because sometimes things blow, you know what I mean?
And sometimes you just gotta say, no, no moa is in that phone.
Give it a rest.
Give it a good rest.
I'm gonna put like something over.
I'm gonna put like a schmato over it.
Like a doily over the monitor?
Well, I don't think I can find it doily.
Or like an area rug.
All right.
Just lay it over the monitor so I don't even see it up there.
Although I'm a bit honest with you.
I'd be honest, I've never once even come close to giving the numbers out today
or thought about giving any of those special calls.
And see, the interesting part of it is that you morons, you idiots,
like the people that were calling yesterday, including some of the people
who would be astonished if they knew who they were.
But nevertheless, obviously, we screwed up the new Roger show.
We're gonna destroy that, or well, guess what?
Actually, it didn't.
It worked right in reverse.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I did.
It did me a humongous favor because they brought me back to my senses.
And then to have to go through 600 of these idiots to find to get somebody
that might be actually amusing or interesting, or maybe even actually have something to say,
it's just ain't worth it.
It's a waste of my time.
It's a waste of my very high paid time.
You know, I'm in by high paid time.
That was high as in...
Hi, that's how he...
Yeah, as in that high, Jeff high.
But nevertheless, 1066 on the pole.
Now, you know damn well, I better not go out and be any of this crap today.
This was fine as far as a show topic, you know?
And the thing with the ice cream, I thought was marginally interesting.
Although you didn't make it very interesting.
I thought I'm a little bit disappointed.
Sorry, I mean, I could have gone on more.
There's a lot more material there, but that's the important part.
Chris, do you think you made it pretty interesting about the history of ice cream?
I mean, it would seem to me that...
I said you wang.
It was...
Okay.
See, he's covering his ass, you know?
He figures out my croque or something pretty soon,
and he better get on your good side.
You'll have Jeff Gordon's back there in four shakes of Alamstail,
or maybe one shake.
Hmm, shakes.
No!
Oh, I gotta hit it.
Let's start talking about Alan's pharmacy again on the burden red and all that stuff.
Like we've got children.
I guess all we talk about is food on the show now.
Is that all you're gonna talk about is food and sex?
What's wrong with that?
We can't talk about sex anymore.
Well, we can hint around, we can like, you know,
kind of dance around the edges of it.
Uh-huh, around the red.
You were dancing around the edges of it?
Oh, man, we can do a kassaski right around the edges of it,
whatever it might be.
If we had diving there.
Yeah.
Well, let's not get... now, let's see.
There you go.
What?
Give me a little rope and right away you're starting the diving.
You and Greg Lucenas, man.
Too much diving going on.
That's a problem.
Speaking of that, Sarah Wheeler's life has become a contradiction,
speaking of what you were just saying.
Once a proud lesbian, she's now a pariah in the gay community.
This isn't Atlanta of all places.
Once in a committed relationship with a female partner,
she's rethinking her sexuality now, Sarah.
Oh my God.
And now she's doing something she once would have considered unthinkable,
arguing that gays don't have the legal right to adopt children.
Wheeler's coming to grips with the fact that she's become an outcast
for taking this step in a custody fight for her child,
but she says, this isn't what her fight is about.
It's about motherly rights, she says.
Sounds like a mother to me.
Wheeler, 36th-Hunter partner, Missy,
decided to start a family together and share the Wheeler last name.
I wonder if she's came to any Wheeler, the Hall of Fame dead harness racing driver.
In 2000, Sarah Wheeler gave birth to a son, Gavin,
through artificial insemination.
Two years later, they decided Missy would have shared a adopt the child,
and legally become his second parent.
George or law doesn't specifically say whether gay parents can adopt the child,
so the decision was up to a judge in the Atlanta areas to Cald County.
After an adoption investigated term,
that both partners wanted it, the judge cleared the request.
They wanted it.
Don't we have that drop-in by...
Oh, yeah.
I wanted it.
But that's not by who it says on it.
That was the guy from my OD.
Remember that?
The one I wanted to move in with me.
Remember him?
No.
JC.
Remember JC from my OD?
From the tax and error?
JC, JP, whatever.
No, JP, you better get your Peele's straight out.
The couple's relationship meeting these are two dikes, later sour.
Missy would have wouldn't comment for this story, but a attorney,
nor a bush field.
So, they were becoming involved with someone else and wouldn't let Missy and Gavin see each other.
Sarah would have acknowledged the other relationships, saying, regardless of my actions,
it doesn't make me a bad mother, just maybe a real mother.
Sarah and Missy would have split by July 2004.
Missy was fighting for joint custody of the boy.
The two sides do agree about one thing.
The case is about mother's rights.
Everybody seems to forget, we're not talking about lesbian rights, Missy Wheeler is attorney.
Says, we're talking about a child who's been bought in with a mother.
Sarah Wheeler made the legal argument that since nothing in Georgia law specifically allows the adoption,
the adoption should be tossed out.
Her first lawyer is warned her the case could set the rights back a century.
She hired a new attorney and asked it to Calc County Court to toss the adoption she had previously pushed for,
claiming that she'd never been approved because it runs a foul estate law.
What a bitch.
Wow.
Laura Douglas Brown, founder of Southern Voice Decidacy, I'm getting choked up about it.
It makes me sick.
Southern Voice Decidys main gay newspaper in Atlanta, Penda Column Accusing,
Sarah Wheeler of self-hating.
We owe it to each other, not to lash out ways that damage the entire gay community.
She wrote, your own family may be destroyed, but don't destroy ours too.
She'd be saying, well written there, honey.
Laura, you silly as...
You're fairer.
...dike you.
Wow.
How you like that?
She had to change her heart.
Whatever that all that means.
Well, maybe she found the Lord, you know?
Maybe she decided, oh God, that ain't as good as I thought it was.
26 past noon at QN only 24 minutes away from the big Marlon game.
How we doing on a pool?
We're going to make our 1100 or what?
We got a thousand eighty, and we need 20 votes in 24 minutes.
Should be a shooin', wouldn't you think?
Shoo.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, should be a shooin'.
Yeah, shoo.
Hey guys, dancing bullwines would like to remind you when it comes to enjoying wine.
Just be yourself.
Don't be that guy.
This week's nominee is the guy who still longs for Toga parties,
wants to double fist the wine and do shots of Merlot.
Yeah, you know what we're talking about.
Don't be that guy.
Dancing bull invites you to try some award-winning wines that are always priced right.
Dancing bullswine makers take wines seriously, so you don't have to.
Dancing bullwines, Heelsburg, California.
See here.
I ain't never said no.
Now I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
I'm dead.
You know I wasn't a man.
I ain't not a bullie.
I'd day off, I gave my baby money, that'd probably last a lot.
To To To to To To To To To To To To To Fly!
To To To To To To To To To To To To To To And To Oh.
ToNING TO TO TO To To To To To To To To To To To And To To To And To To To Yoo.
ING TO TO TO TO To To To To To To To To To To TO To To Meat
Tages TSorry to Dan and No One To I.
I'm the life of the...
are you just like me?
're you wondering how I could know for this now!
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
I'm going to go to the next one.
Okay, 12.33.
We're only 17 minutes away from the big Marlins baseball game.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
It's going to be really nice.
1088 in a pool.
That's not so nice.
We need 12 more votes in only 17 minutes.
I don't know about a pressure, huh?
What do you think?
I think I'm just congested.
Why is it that it seems like every day at this time, about 1235, there are boats.
We get like the big freeze on.
Maybe everybody's eating lunch.
I think that's it.
I think Eric has dived in with us again just like happened a couple days ago.
Like on Sunday.
Remember a couple days ago?
Yeah.
I'm trying to forget it.
1088, which is not a bad total, but if we're going to get to 1100, they've got to start.
There's something else to add to it.
You know what I mean?
We need 12 more votes.
12 more votes than anything happened.
God, it's bad.
Oh, I got a really good idea for the back timing for the ballgame, as a matter of fact.
What is that?
Oh, yeah.
What do you think?
You don't want them to wait for the ballgame to fall asleep.
They're going to start them off now.
What do you mean by that?
It's just so tranquil and placid.
It's like slipping my leg.
I wasn't bad.
Before the show today, and you were like, it's the end of the day.
You were having a dance in your pants.
You were going nuts.
That's a great song, but it's a very bad song.
So the party is going to put you in a coma.
It's going to be a very good song.
Well, it's relaxing.
And maybe you'll be good, like you said, maybe you'll not off before that ballgame starts.
You're like a pubic service on our part.
I think we're back on Mr. Freeze again.
I think Mr. Freeze is involved.
Now, who was the Vincent Price was Mr. Still 10808, Eric?
Did you know Dan Woller, somebody's running out on our pool, huh?
Vincent Price was egghead.
No punches, Pode.
Was the Milton Burle was Mr. Freeze?
Oh, boy, I don't know.
I don't know.
You better Google it.
You better Google Batman or 10189.
And maybe they're just trickling in right now.
Okay.
Maybe because we're approaching the Marlon game.
Maybe, just maybe because they've been coming in a nice chunk here today all along.
We've had a nice response, baby.
We've had a super response, but not every getting close to that baseball game.
It's just like I was saying before, you know, it's like a disease.
It's like parotonitis or something like that.
Well, parotonitis isn't, it's a condition.
It's not a disease, is it?
I don't know.
How about, um...
I don't know.
I don't know what that stuff is.
Once you can start getting into the Kishkees, man, I get lost.
There are just too many of those things.
That's because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He likes to twist your Kishkees.
That's why everything is a sin.
All those, oh, 1090 now, man.
We got 15 minutes for 10 votes.
If we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down.
At 1250.
Auto-preminger?
Auto-preminger 1.
Mr. Freeze.
That's correct.
Absolutely correct.
That's the only correct answer.
That's why I was so amusing.
It would have been like having Alfred Hitzcock or something like that play a role on Batman.
Batman was great, man.
Now, what do they show that?
I like Nickelodeon.
They still show that.
I know here at Suners one channel.
I forget which one it is, but it's on all the time every day.
You know, the kids don't know that auto-preminger is the stereotype director that they always make fun of in the cartoons with the puffy pants and the beret and the boots and the sliders.
1092 on a pool, man.
No punches, pulled.
1092, we need eight more votes.
So anyway, what I was going to say, since chicken neck is the one that can't be...
Did he tell you where he found this, where he was able to get it?
Probably in his closet.
Oh, no. Nothing in his closet.
You want a bat?
Really?
Is he got skeletons in the closet?
It's got a whole graveyard in there.
He's got a kid, I know that.
He's a son.
Yes. Very nice kid.
How old is he?
I don't know.
40.
Oh, too old.
30 something.
Yeah, he wouldn't want to come anyway.
If he had like a 20-year-old son, he'd send him up here just as a...
You know, a spank of gratitude or something like that.
Token.
Right, and...
I thought it would be something that would be very nice.
You know, keep me company.
Your buddy Chris is already not the one sitting there, but the online are our Phantom kind of buddy.
He's already hinting around, you know, when he's going to get the plane ticket.
See, the only problem with this, I might fly him up here and turn out to be a 60-year-old man.
That would be my luck.
Because I've been reading more different stories.
The right guy Jesse, on our Myspace, is a good guy and I've been emailing with him.
He's... he's bi.
And also a lot of bi people out there, and I'm saying, I do know that.
In fact, that seems to be very big on Myspace.
It's a bi-bi-bi.
Like that.
But anyway, he was telling me about all the phonies and fakers that he's met and people represent themselves as being one thing.
You know, they're like 25, and then you meet them and they're like 45, you know.
And they sent you pictures that were like from 10-20 years ago.
I think what would really be neat.
Now, I did have a guy way back in the beginning who was trying to set up a thing
where they verified the identity of the person before that they could communicate with you.
Which I think that's a good idea.
Because even though a lot of the people in the audience,
Oh, there he goes, talking about that Myspace graph again, it's for teenagers and pedophiles.
It could be really a fun thing.
It already is, to a certain degree.
But it could be a lot more so if you knew who you were talking to.
With which, in my case, I have out of 281 people.
We have 281 friends.
Our goal by the end of the week is to get to 1300.
Wouldn't that be a nice number?
It would be really lucky.
But my point being that if you knew for sure who you were talking to, it would be much more fun.
Am I right?
Oh, there they are.
As opposed to the game players and the people put the photo profiles up.
And people like that, you know, who is still, by the way, all over our Myspace page,
I do the tracking on that and he's still all over it.
And of course, I guess, you know, since 1094, we're kind of stuck on that.
Maybe we need, they're going to make this exciting.
We have 11 minutes and we need six more votes.
Now, anybody would think, gee, six votes in 11 minutes.
That's like one every two minutes almost, right?
Right?
So anyway, the song that I really want, which is even better, I know you find it hard to believe.
It could be in word love by the, it could be word love by the crime chains.
If, if chicken I can find that, I'll give my kiss on his ball spot if I ever see him again, which I doubt.
I'll send him one.
I'll give him a cyber kiss on the ball spot.
It could be word love by the crime chains.
Now, since you've got all this way of stealing, I mean, I'm finding material.
Yeah, why don't you mark that down?
I'll give it a shot.
That is a great song.
I'm telling you man.
That's back in my DJ days.
I was this jockey, I was program director and I was general manager of WTBS in Kalamazoo, Michigan, man.
Portage, portage, Michigan, Kalamazoo.
No longer there that station, it became WBUK, country, something.
And who knows what it is now.
See, that's one thing if you work in this business long enough,
you work on a lot of stations that no longer exist.
And the way this one's going right now, Joe.
Right, good old jolly, Joe.
That's him.
Thanks for all your assistance, by the way, Joe, you're a swell of a guy.
1240, 20 before 1, just 10 minutes away from the Marlon game.
Let me click on our pool again here.
It's not that great of a pool.
It's okay. Come see, come saw.
So, so, 1099.
You better five years now if you haven't.
It's important to you, Roger's God.
Good day.
You have a vehicle.
In a birthday card.
Well, I don't make breaking up cards.
You're fire.
That's your goal.
You are a show, though.
Be sick.
You just having a bad day.
I've had a bad day.
Subscribe to this TV, you bet it.
Because you had a bad day.
You did it one down.
You did it by a song.
Just tell it around.
You did it all, though.
Tell me, though, why.
You are not a swell.
You did it one more time.
You had a bad day.
Yes, he's been fired.
He fired.
He's packed with things and go.
Now, that's when I call a bad day.
All right, look.
I've got to hang out.
Who knows what happened?
He lost his generals in the fire.
He's just been arrested.
But we lost our mojo.
I think I'm going to be sick.
You fired.
I've got one goal, man.
You had a bad day.
You can't be don't you, right?
You can't be bad, now.
You can't be don't you, right?
You had a bad day.
You had a bad day.
I feel no for it.
I saw this truck guy throw up and then a pigeon ate it.
He broke up.
He cheated on me.
I got kicked out.
She dumped me and broke my heart.
You broke your penis.
I paid by Adwin just not to wet my junior.
You know, it's interesting.
I just got a semi-historical email on my face
from your friend Christopher, you know?
And, you know, if the shoe fits weird,
I don't know what he's talking about.
I think he's not for real.
And I still want his...
I don't know what he's talking about.
What I was referring to in general terms,
not to you Chris, you lunatic.
Blah blah blah blah.
It's just being nice.
If everybody you encountered on there,
you knew for sure who they were.
That's all.
Is there any debate about that?
None.
Don't you think that virtually everybody
who's ever been on any one of those,
whether it's Facebook or it's Facebook or my space,
or your space or our place or whatever?
Would agree?
Yeah.
Now let's see.
I'm trying to do this.
Oh gee, I better...
Better not screw it all up.
When it goes...
It starts...
You're trying to just write?
Well, I had, but I made one look like that.
So, okay.
Oh, that's what it means.
You know?
Give yourself a little cushion this time.
A cushion to sit here.
Back down.
On.
I'm the cool one.
To the top of the stairs.
And all my tears just burst.
I get to scream.
Oh, my goodness.
That's peaceful.
I can't leave.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And there's a lovely, lovely,
lovely, lovely voice.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I don't think you're tired of me.
I don't think you're tired of me.
I don't think you're tired of me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Again, away from my soul and soul.
And all the rest is going to stop in the streets.
All of us may all be a place I am so.
Where you just have to wish to make it so.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Oh.
Oh.
This time I'm sure.
And darling, you can share this with me.
Let me tell you now.
When I fall in love with you,
I feel the fire in me.
I fall in love with you.
I feel the fire in me.
I can't move away from my soul and soul.
And all the rest is going to stop in the streets.
I'm going to feel the fire in me.
I'm going to fall in love with you.
