Rafald beyond Israeli history
20
rose
vortex
and mother used to say, oh the blame in their Christmas.
Yeah.
You used to say.
You did a lot of things.
You Rogers, our sports hall radio, WQL.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've got wild diarrhea by the way, so I might be able to out of it now.
Oh, you can tell the fans.
I bloody diarrhea, just like this.
Yeah.
You'll be in trouble with the peacefully clamble.
Totally totally totally.
Don't play a part.
God forbid, don't be doing it man.
10.02 at 5.60 WDQM.
Like I said, happy holidays with everyone you're celebrating and even if you're not, even if you're a sour puss, try to be happy anyhow.
We're trying to be happy all of it's not easy.
Nope.
And if you think it's been unpleasant so far, just these very few days, you just wait.
Wait till I think about tomorrow's one that Schmidt's going to hit the fan.
But nevertheless, it's a pretty sad commentary when you have to work for people who are as low down and obnoxious and unprofessional.
And by the way, I have a wonderful email from IMEF Humm Tree Guy.
From yesterday, he says, BBGI continues to tank a new all-time low of $5.44.
Wow, $5.44. Don't buy BBGI, man. In fact, that's so like crazy.
Because once they get sued and once all the news gets out about all their business practices and not paying their bills and stuff, it's going to go even lower than that.
It might have a minus in front of it.
That's why I say it's just so unbelievable that this is a company that's on a stock exchange that actually is a public corporation that shares to the public and doesn't pay their bills and conducts these really marginal, bizarre business practices, but nevertheless.
That'll all come out in the wash.
Also, we say that you see the Joan Fleischmann article this morning. No, I don't read that, Swill.
On Anviships' campaign of 30 years...
So, 30, man.
Helen Buckner dying. Was she in, and was she a lesbian?
What?
Well, see, and then he emailed me today's thing. He wasn't old enough to remember Anviships.
Which is good, because we need some people on the day to be offered. And by the way, foodie quit going on the year and bragging about your numbers being up 50%.
You don't know what the hell your numbers are, because there's no hourly in the trends.
Anybody who's in the business knows that. So you're full of crap, and IOD went down in the last trend.
So how could you possibly be up 50% over what?
50% over what? Certainly not from the last number.
How do you like that? If there's one thing I can't stand besides no talent eight holes that go on here pretending to be talk show hosts,
is people that go on and lie about the numbers.
Mr. Ego was always famous for that.
Oh, well, we had it there. You don't even show up. You're not even like an asterisk.
Okay, Mr. Ego, you and your boyfriend there?
Jesus, God.
Now, I just found something here on the edge of the counter, because I'm kind of cleaning things up.
Well, Mr. Case, that engineer shows up to a case they ever decide to pay him, and it comes in here to fix the dump button and the intercom.
And a few other minor things in here. I mean, you know, the studio has been very functional and great, certainly better than that one.
And served me well for six years plus. But, you know, there's a thing called maintenance, which these people don't know from and don't believe in.
And it hasn't been a wonder who this is online six Q. I.m.
Hello. Yes.
All right.
All right.
Two things quickly.
Big restaurants in Toronto. Have you tried the Yosos in Yorkville?
Try what?
Yosos.
Never heard of it.
Try it. Check it out. It's in Yorkville.
Okay.
The dry nose and all sorts of things all over the walls there.
Great. But really good restaurant.
Don't say that again. Joyce don't, she's got a problem with the giant. Go ahead.
Right. And second, back in the 80s when you were on data, you did a message for my answering machine.
Is it possible for you to do it again?
No.
Okay. So anyway, I found this thing on the counter here that somebody faxed me and the data this fax was March 23rd, 2004.
Wow.
How do you like that?
That's a reach. And it says, sometimes ago I came across a quote that was attributed to Emel Zola, which I paraphrase as
civilization will thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest.
Oh, I love that. No wonder I say that.
Is good.
Let me read that again.
We get that on a teacher and little little shmerkla.
Wow.
Let me read it again.
That's close to the point.
That's close to the point.
That's close to the point.
By the way, we had a couple of sales people come in this morning and also Joe Jason Jerks, Jacks came in to say hi.
He's a good guy.
He just doesn't belong on the air.
That's always a good guy.
Seems like it.
I don't know.
You say he's a good guy.
Yes.
It seems very nice.
It's not personal.
It's all business.
Okay. Jerks, Jacks, whatever your name is.
Civilization will thrive when the last stone from last church falls on the last priest.
Boy, how well said.
I'm going to put that right back over there and save.
Oh, it's wide and under that mouse.
Spider run under your mouse.
I'm not joking about the Adirri thing.
I don't have no idea why it's probably like, you know, Gaster intestinal from grief from these bastards.
Right.
I don't have a full-on case, but I might have to make a match.
Oh my God, poor Chris.
What are you going to be doing when George and I are both making a wild run?
Better get a song all locked in love.
Yeah, it's not some songs, right?
Wow.
How about prison games?
It's more minutes long.
Spin some wax.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We wound up with 216 votes.
We should use a couple hundred of those for today because we're not going to get anywhere near a thousand.
Because it's five days before Christmas, man.
And the people out there that go in are running around like they were given crap away.
And even the Jews are out there for their goiish friends, you know.
And the Jews that also want to be as goiish as possible.
Wouldn't you have thought that would have gone out by now?
It's 2007 for quite a lot.
Stop trying to assimilate already.
Okay, we just had a Chanooka and we had plenty of time there to be Jews.
If you want to.
If you choose to be Jews.
Don't try to be goiim and do with a Christmas tree and try to impress your...
You're all we don't want our kids to be left out or what?
Why don't you go and celebrate Hajj?
Go to Mika.
It's all just...
I'm going to read that thing again several times.
Good.
That's the greatest evil in the world.
I mean, there's greed and there's a big business in all the other.
Which is most of what the world is all about is money.
But religion, man, without religion people might actually be able to think.
And then a lot of folks would be in big trouble if people could think.
What's an argument nobody can solve?
So you got to fight about it violently, you know.
Right.
Nobody can prove their position.
She may look like I've told you before.
Man invented questions and of course there have to be answers for all questions.
So, when man has a question that he hasn't got the answer for, he makes one up.
Right.
A whole bunch of men.
And we argue about the various hands.
That's right.
Well, no, my answer is better than yours is.
God knows.
Only God knows.
My, my Lebanese, Kendra.
By the way, one 1200 bucks a wood buying yesterday afternoon.
I usually don't talk about how much I win or lose.
But I'm going to do it just to rub it in that jackass that quarter-shlock-eye.
He'll be calling.
Oh, I'm sure he will.
I have no problem with it.
Anybody call.
Just go right ahead and call and have a good time.
These people don't care.
This radio station doesn't give a crap about anything other than spots.
Let's get some more spots on here, baby.
What is this turning into?
What?
It's like the light bulb.
Now, I don't think you were ever radioed it immediately familiar with the WFTL with the light bulb.
No, no, not at all.
I don't listen to talk radio.
Well, only old, and I do mean real old radio yenta groupies listen to the light bulb.
WFTL.
Norma Kent was on there and Mr. Ego and Chris Kaufman.
I know.
I know.
Chris Kaufman, Eric Spiderman, and El Knight and a bunch of other people that didn't belong
on here.
But anyway, and what they did was that every break was a whole bunch of them doing recorded
live spots.
Every break.
Everybody on the station was doing another recorded live spot.
And it's just sounded so schlock.
It was just unbelievable.
Plus most of the people on there were schlocked to begin with.
I forgot Alice Rantel.
She was on there too.
And that's what we're starting to sound like, but nevertheless.
What's one word that sums up Neil's 2007 with WDQM?
That was the poll question yesterday.
We had 216 votes.
Unesplainable, 214.
Unesplainable.
Unesplainable.
What?
That's what I voted.
Screwed 194.
Tragic 177.
Great 156.
I don't know what that's supposed to mean.
Tired 136.
Depressing 14.
Sad 90.
Suicidal 66.
Horrid 47.
Expensive 22.
You should only know.
It's alright.
Expensive by my choice.
I take care of the universe.
I have no regrets.
I have no problems.
Now let's take a look at what's happening on today's poll.
It's not too exciting.
Chris is really down in the dumps.
What are you talking about?
Because you know we're not going to get anywhere in your $1,000.
Today is Thursday.
That means it's our 50-50 deal at noon.
Which I think is going to be a little bit more exciting.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
I don't know what's in your $1,000.
It's been a week.
Oh, you want to know why?
Because I guess Eric had a change this because I wasn't around.
I was a woodbine winning $1,200.
Slacker.
I had a good machine mine.
My favorite machine, the dollar wheel of fortune.
Which I don't usually play $1,000 anymore.
But I just had a feeling this machine was going to be good.
And sure enough, it gave me $500 on a line twice and $300 on a line once.
And $200 on a line once.
When machine starts paying on the line, wheel of fortune I'm talking about.
And that's the machine you want to stick with.
The wheel, eh, you know, what drug gave you the best experience before I read the result of the pool.
I had a really funny, uh, good email from Jim still in England on the Myspace there.
He says, I don't know the name of the drug, but it made me high as a kite for the rest of the day.
I broke my ankle back in 95, needed an operation to fix it.
I remember some kind of gas max being put on me before the operation knocked me out.
I woke up in the recovery room, have a vague recollection of a nurse of some kind
and telling me that the best paying color is the anal one.
I didn't have time to disagree before something was shoved up my rear.
I had some people physically later in the day.
They almost had a hold me down. I was so up.
So for your pool, a needle up the ass.
And thanks for helping me pass another year so far.
Jim still in England.
Well, thank you. Jim, good luck to you.
You'll need it over there.
486 on a pool. I'll be the result when we come back.
We got to do the break because we got a lot of spots.
I can't believe we got to head salespeople coming.
I guess they embarrassed them, didn't I?
I guess they made it like the play.
We are prosani non-grady now.
You know, run me out.
And of course after today, after this afternoon, we're really going to be on the out.
But that's okay.
That's okay, jolly.
You made your bed.
Now you're going to lie your big fat bloody ass in it.
At least I don't have bloody diarrhea.
I'll say that.
Thank God for that.
Thank you.
Thank you.
From minutes after 10 to 560 WQM, your sportsman who was stationed.
Oh, God, Neil.
I've heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose.
And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow.
But all of those stories seem kind of gay.
Because we all know who brightens up our holiday.
Gay.
Mr. Hanky, the Christmas food.
Small and brown, he comes from you.
It comes through, it here he comes.
Squeezing between your festive buns.
A present from down below.
Spreading joy with a high heel.
He's seen the love inside of you.
Cause he's a piece of food.
Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny.
He can be brown or greenish brown.
But if you a fiber on Christmas Eve, he might come to your tile.
Mr. Hanky, the Christmas food.
He loves me.
I love you.
Therefore, by curiously, he loves you.
I can make a mystery, and keep you.
Uh oh, what was that?
That's very...
Where's the hell where he's at?
He's coming.
Come on, do it, boy.
I'm trying.
The way I can see it, man.
Here he comes.
How are you, boy?
I'm Mr. Hanky, the Christmas food.
Shades and screaming to our love you.
That's staying song time, time, time, quiet.
Now before I know it, why?
Here's a game I like to play.
Stick me in your mouth and try to say,
Howdy, oh, oh, oh, yum, yum, yum.
Christmas time has come.
Sometimes he's ready.
Sometimes he's firm.
Sometimes he's ready.
Sometimes he hangs up the end of your ass
and won't fall in the toilet.
Cause he's just clinging to your spink, though.
And he won't drop up and say,
Shake your ass around,
Jolly get to drop in the toilet, and finally it does.
Mr. Hanky, the Christmas food.
Christmas leaves he must leave too.
Christmas leaves he must leave too.
I should tell my friends,
He's never gone.
He's no one to share with me,
He's never gone.
Hey, oh!
Hey, oh!
Okay, 10.19 at 5.60.
That's it for you in a holiday spirits.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
Yes.
I want to give joy of eating a better animal.
You can bitch.
Go ahead with our blessing.
Give it to me for the press of none.
5.607.05.60.
You're going to take a lot of calls from now on this next year.
However long we're here.
Right.
And pound 5.60 on the...
For the resident singular wireless line.
Let me QAN, hello.
Yes, good morning.
It's a good meal.
Speaking, yes.
You may not recognize me,
but this is me.
I have no life, guys.
Really?
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I want to wish you a very holy and merry Christmas.
Is that really you, on a trip?
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I still have no life.
I have no life.
But I wanted to wish you a very holy and merry Christmas.
And I'll request that you could play the bridge dender.
I have no life.
I'll work on it.
I'll think about it.
I'll give it to a very serious thought.
I'll give it a little custom good time.
I have no life.
And have merry Christmas to you in George.
OK, and happy Etonica.
What?
What do you say?
Hello.
I'm a sinner.
Sorry, I'm reloading the fast.
I said, huh?
Merry Christmas to you in George.
No, I'm not after that.
Happy Etonica.
Happy Etonica.
No, he didn't say that.
Did he?
He said, Pupik.
He said, Pupik?
I don't know what he said.
We are better watch yourself, man,
because God only knows what these bastards
They're probably sitting out there and they're probably sitting in a conference room somewhere.
Oh, somebody says a puppet on the air.
We're going to take that show off and put the sports pitch on tomorrow.
Well, you know what?
If he says something bad, go ahead and dump it, Neil.
Yeah, I can't.
That's the point.
I can't because I got no idea.
My equipment has fallen apart here and they sure as hell don't want to pay no engineer
to come here or maybe it's the other way around.
The engineer who's a really great guy up here, he don't want to show up here because he
knows they're not going to pay him.
A company that doesn't pay people, whoever heard us such things, whoever heard us such things.
That's why it's taken until now, until this moment before finally advised up and had the
intestinal fortitude to say, hey, go ahead and sue their ass, okay?
And we will.
Because obviously when they let it be known that they want you out the door, okay,
finders, no, there's no reason to like hold anything back at this point.
A company that doesn't pay its bills.
It's not just chicken act.
They don't want to pay anybody.
They don't want to pay people.
You think that people are supposed to be in business and have been for many, many years.
You think they'd understand that people work for you and you pay them.
They don't come to show up every day because they like the way you look or because they
like the side of the company or because they like some ehol, it's working in Naples or
something like that.
They show up because it's a job.
They want to get paid.
They want to get money, honey.
And these people don't want to pay.
They don't want to pay their bills.
I think that anybody who might consider buying a share of stock in his horseball company
should know that.
B.B.G.I.
My ass.
How do you do that?
They don't do business like a company like even like a mom and pop company, even mom
and pop have to pay their bills.
Not these people.
We don't line up.
We don't line up.
Pay Booker Brian.
We don't line up.
Pay the engineer.
We don't line up.
Pay everybody on payday.
We don't line up.
B.B.G.I.M.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes?
Do you know how Peter North gets his arm back?
B.B.G.I.M.
Hello.
Neil.
It's Dr. C. Rota.
It's Dr. C. Rota and the H.A.
Who?
Dr. C. Rota.
Yeah.
Dr. C. Rota and Jody B.G.I.M.
W.D.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, J. Sir.
Who is it that these people don't pay?
I mean, may you unkind them?
Sometimes.
Sometimes not.
We're right.
Last paid.
Last paid.
No.
We had to make phone calls because the check was sitting around somewhere.
They paid people whenever they feel like it, if they feel like it.
What does everybody do when they don't pay them?
They just cry and they go, we don't feel like paying you?
That's correct.
That's pretty much the story.
Well, you know, you just be glad we're paying you with all is their attitude.
We'll get around to it when we pay you.
We'll pay you.
That's terrible.
Well, thank you for everything, Neil.
Welcome, sir.
You're welcome.
The price was right, too.
516 on the poll worked.
Jones in for 800.
Yeah.
And if we get to 8, maybe we can get to 9.
No thousand of a criss- I'm sorry.
Yeah.
I was starting to say before Eric had to put the new poll up there.
Because I didn't come back.
How was it would buy, you know, slacker?
No, I'm not.
I don't apologize for it.
I mean, I want a 1200 bucks.
I'd rather have that money than worry about whether we get a thousand votes on the poll.
How much money is that going to make me?
Zipity doodah.
Zipity eh?
I've got a lot of people.
I've got to take care of it in this world.
You know that?
And so I've got to win a lot of money.
Tax-free money, too, by the way.
Unlike the states, when you win the lotto or you win money at the casino here, there's no tax on it.
Which is the way it should be.
Of course, anybody knows that.
Even a child knows that.
In fact, probably all your kids will be playing the lotto.
Give your kids a lottery ticket for a Christmas.
That's a good gift.
It's $47 million an hour or something like that in Florida.
Thought about your kids a lottery ticket.
And maybe if you're really ice to them, they might share if they win.
Or maybe not, they'll just move out.
W-D-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
A meal.
Yes, sir.
I have questions after you for George.
Do you know the number one?
Let me ask you something, okay?
Yes.
Who's down in the air today?
Is it me or George?
I mean, George is here, of course.
I do, but I have questions for George, though.
No, what?
Call George when he's on, okay?
I'm not putting up with him more that way.
He's not.
I mean, I mean, I'm about roarscating sign language.
George is just fine when he's on doing his thing about his life.
I'm not into that, okay?
I'm not into sign language, all right?
Here's one for you, sir.
That's not in how you do it.
That sign language, that's right.
You're number one.
I'll show you the right way.
I know the right way.
And you don't.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey there.
Yeah.
I can't listen to any more Q-A-M after the afternoon.
It's like spot-to-go.
Okay.
Dump it.
5.19 on the pool.
And like I said, we're creeping along.
It's five days before Christmas.
Don't have any great expectations.
And the good news is that George is on vacation next week,
because I'm a good guy.
And number two, is that I'm working on Monday.
Because I'm a fool.
I should tell him, I mean, Christmas Eve,
or you kidding me, I'm such a devout boy.
I can't even.
I can't even.
Gotta make it party to go to, do ya?
And then, no, I don't.
Although I think me and the Paco are going to find a place that's open on Christmas Eve
and that they have dinner.
And that's good.
Oh good.
That's what I've been promised.
You should do the No-Chay Boina thing with him.
If you're going to start again today, I'm going to get up.
What are you going to go and see?
What are you talking about?
That's what it's called.
What does that mean?
That's what you do on Christmas Eve as you celebrate late into the night,
and then at midnight you open some presents.
No, no more presents.
I can't afford no presents.
You don't need no projects.
You're going to find sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
Roger, God.
Before it happens, you get it here on New Sensei.
John, I miss the Tachtra host made a low-key return to the airway this morning.
I miss again, expressed remorse for the racist and sexist comments that got him fired.
I will never say anything in my lifetime.
That will make any of these never-ending elements regret that they accepted my apology.
Civil rights activists do plan to protest here this morning back to the studio.
News in six.
You're fairly well, John.
I miss was quite delightful.
But some folks thought his jokes were spiteful.
He got tricked off the radio.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
No, he had it all.
And it seems his career was wrecked now.
That's politically incorrect now.
And management said he had the go.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
Maybe what he did wasn't right.
And it started to be a storm.
Even if you're old cranky and white.
Sometimes you've got to conform.
Time's back on the air now.
What does anybody really care now?
A moral of the story you know.
Don't say ho, don't say ho, don't say ho.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes, 1032 at 560 WQ AM.
How's that marginal poll coming along me?
Not so great.
Not so hot.
31 votes.
What?
535.
It's still just fine.
Okay, I said if we get 800 votes, I'll be satisfied.
Okay.
56670560.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
There's your president.
But what I want to assure people out there is that you're a moron.
You're a dumb-o, you're a butcher.
You're a murderer, although jolly-dohsir.
It doesn't agree with my views about the president.
Up yours jolly-doh, up your fat, ugly and nasty blood-induced ass.
WQ AM, hello.
Well, listen to that.
You like it?
Sounds like an England phone ring.
Yeah, we're just going to say it.
Sounds like one of them European.
No, I'm not.
Here you are.
I can smell it.
WQ AM, hello.
Leave Neil alone.
He's worked for you for so many years.
He's done a radio show with no support.
You don't even put billboards up.
Leave him alone.
You've probably just even hear him talk with the president.
He's done for you.
Leave him alone.
And I did find out yesterday.
Hey, weren't you proud of me?
I'm very proud of you.
It's called crazed-is-not what it's under, crazed-yeah.
And how f**king there it is?
Yeah, like that.
Lots of you are clean up by the way, sweetie.
Get the chlorox out.
Do shit out.
WQ AM, hello.
QAM.
Going once.
Going twice.
WQ AM, hello.
Oh, oh, guess what?
What?
Connected to a server, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Don't tell me we're having problems.
The guy who's got a guy on the air anyway though.
I do, hello.
Yeah, what's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
First of all, the Asforza Sports Committee was concerned.
I think they were talking about putting on the two slides at night
to replace whoever is there right now.
I think it's the beast.
And I really hope they do that.
I mean, she kind of reminds me of a little bit where she's floating around
from whatever, whatever.
Oh yeah.
And also one more thing.
Over those.
She's the worst out of the eyes person.
Like, Carve, did you ever heard of her in my life?
Another thing too, um...
They've already had her on by the way, and she was a colossal failure the first time.
I would they want to put her on again?
Yeah, they talk about parcels being a new head coach and a dolphin and other thing up a list.
No, he's the, oh yeah.
Like, I want to talk about that.
He's the new, uh, the Chief of the Cook and Model washer.
When everybody else bales off their rotten sinking ship,
Bill Parcell is the big tuneable be there to handle it all.
Who the hell knows?
And who cares?
Call up on the sports nerds, or call the fabulous sports babe.
She'll tell you, she would know Bill Parcells if he stuck his foot up her ass.
Yeah, she's very entertaining the fabulous sports babe.
And, uh...
Yeah.
Like you said, just repeating the same as swill over it.
Over it.
Over it.
Over it.
Over it until your head wants to explode.
W-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, is there a late-to-year late-patrix?
Did they ever hear a direct deposit?
Nobody waits in line to check the more or wait.
Yeah, we've been through this a million times here.
I understand that this company has direct deposit,
but sometimes they don't put the money in the bank.
And I can't get it so they say because I have a corporation,
which is alive, but they just don't want to give me the money.
They missed the direct part, I guess.
Yeah, they missed the pot.
Okay.
Now, some of these things we've been through so many a million times,
every Monday, not everybody can listen every minute of every day,
which we're not too happy about, by the way.
And we share this hell of hope that we get a big December on every market
and bonus money out of these cheap bastards.
Well, that'd be great, but that would be so fitting.
In fact, I extrapolated what we had and also what the afternoon had in that month and November.
If my math is correct, they had like a nine share in the afternoon and men.
And we had a seven something.
So, uh, I'm going to be leaving Hank is leaving in a couple of less than two weeks,
like in 11 days, and they're blowing off the people that have the big numbers.
And that's what they want.
They want those little tiny numbers that they can relate to.
Okay, I've seen a few tiny numbers, like in the mirror.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
I'm going to you.
Yeah.
We'll have Doppin' and listen to it, Kuda.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Yeah, sir.
Oh, yeah, agreeing from Third World South Florida.
Listen, the reason I hate the footage, you?
Yeah.
Yeah, because, first of all, he has no Cahoney.
Second of all, he thinks he's pandering to these South Beach get-o-neo hot babes,
but she's not.
And lastly, there's a bunch of-
He's not a hot babe.
No, not South Beach.
He's a history-old fart man.
His face is so ready.
It looks like he just joined the engines.
And lastly, there's a bunch of these, uh, I get to keep them to keep calling and show them thinking
they're making some sort of a different theory, you know, in the society of South Florida.
He's totally all face, he's wrong, he's irrelevant.
I'm over.
And out.
I guess that guy don't like the footy show, man.
Footy sucks, man.
Ah, somebody better send him a message.
You okay?
Tell me he doesn't belong on the ear.
Even to say hello anymore.
You're done footy, you're out.
Your day has passed.
Join the rest of us who are just beginning a budding career.
32 years.
I was thinking about that this morning.
It's almost half my life.
I've been sweating over hot microphone in this Godforsaken market.
32 years.
And I get the royal beastly foot up my ass.
Well, let me just tell you something.
Okay.
It's not just a question of not paying people on time.
It's a question of writing contracts with people.
And then not abiding by any of the, uh, it's at least they're consistent.
It's not that there's some of the contract that they don't live up to.
They don't live up to any of it.
Any of it.
There isn't one paragraph in there that they, uh, abide by.
And of course, when you have the stupid feeling that you think you're going to work for these people the rest of your life,
and if they've got enough intelligence to, uh, you know, keep, keep sending the checks up, uh,
you don't rock the boat too much.
And then when you realize that there are a bunch of liars and thieves and gypsies and fools like Joe Bell,
and then you say to yourself, well, you know what?
Why the hell is there anything back now?
Okay.
Sue their freaking ass.
Hold their feet to the fire until it burns, until their feet cinched, until their toes curl up.
And it'll like a bunch of, uh, like, what's that stuff like, uh, pork, pork rinds?
Until Joe Bell's big toes look like fried pork rinds.
Can you envision that right now?
I'd rather not.
I can't see it.
I can smell it.
WQAM, hello.
Shula is a bula.
WQAM, hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I was wondering if you could be on any other station, which one would it be?
A good one.
A real one.
Anyone that's a real one.
But what's wrong with the autopet?
Well, what do you mean by that?
You mean in this one?
If you can go anywhere, if you could be on any other station, where would you go?
Let me say it again.
A real station where they would pay me some money and support the show and promote it and live up to their contractual obligations and pay by people and pay everybody else.
That's all I ask.
I don't ask for a lot.
Just live up to what's on the piece of paper there.
That's all they won't do it.
They can't do it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
And whenever Joyce gets up on the wrong side of bed, which is almost every day,
oh well, don't play this and don't do that.
And corporate doesn't want you to play that no more fart sound.
And it never ends.
It never ends.
I remember saying a long time ago to Charlie, Joe, during one of his incipit phone calls to me.
How come it is that we always seem to have this adversarial relationship?
What is the reason?
Oh, well, I don't know, but you're right.
Oh, it just doesn't seem that way.
And that's because you're an A-hole.
That's why a man who's supposed to be a management when you ask him a reasonable question about a serious problem doing your program.
A man who's supposed to be a manager type doesn't say, oh, well, I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, pork rinds is not kosher, but it is.
Atkins approved by the word.
No car.
The best talent here is Neil Wright.
What do you expect the more professional players on any way?
You are me.
Orc.
Orc.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil Guides.
I'm your host.
Well, he's got my gun.
But that's all right with me.
Because it was sprayed without a quad.
You're fairies.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my wine.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my wine.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
They can't be scared at all I got.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
Police got my gun.
They busted me in a parking lot.
Oh, black.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas while I'm smoking all of my wine.
1047 and 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that sportsman who is scheduled.
What's the story?
Is man a dog back to the air?
I don't think so.
Who's on?
Is Curtis on again?
Probably.
What do you mean you don't think so?
Is this a schedule by...
I don't know.
My psychic...
That's right.
You know he's got all those days off.
I guess he's got him up.
I'm up.
You guess?
I'm not asking what you guess.
I'm asking somebody tell me who the hell is going to be on this station?
I will find that.
Which I promote the hell out of it all the time like everybody else should.
Somebody who's on 2-4 probably Curtis, we don't know.
I don't know.
I mean what kind of a program director we got besides an overgrown child?
The hopper is going to be on here.
It says Hank Goldberg at Park.
Now Park was...
That's the park at a Somal Hard Rock.
Yeah.
And I'm supposed to know that.
Yeah, well you know.
Here's what it says on here.
Hank Goldberg at Park.
Rooster, am I asked by the way, professor?
Rooster.
Remember Rooster, a cogburn?
What was the name of that rooster, Cobb?
I don't know what it was.
Rooster, a cogburn.
Wasn't it a...what you call it?
It was a watcher movie.
John Wayne movie.
Oh my god, no wonder I hated it.
The Duke.
Oh the Duke.
That was a real man.
Yeah, his name was Mirion.
Hank Goldberg at the someplace five to six.
Then we got dolphins all asses with Hank six to seven.
Oh, that's right.
We got to move that thing up to make Wayne happy.
Because we got Hurricane basketballing on there again.
Hurricane warm up at seven then.
The U.M. in North Florida, 730 followed by Clarence's boyfriend.
Oh, the beast.
It's a sports fraternity.
It's not a sports bar with a microphone anymore.
It's just a sports fraternity.
Clarence and his boyfriend.
They've handed the keys to the kingdom over to an overgrown child.
Here you go, Clarence.
Have a good time.
You and your buddies.
Guess at least they...
Oh!
Sure.
Well this phone is pretty weak.
For a minute there, it looks like we're going to have something going, didn't it?
Chris?
No.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, it did.
A few minutes ago we had a little something going, well what do you mean no?
What do you mean no Mr. Negatory?
Huh?
I'm not negative.
56670560.
So you're not the...
You better play your cards right because when we get that massive judgment in court,
I'm going to have to take care of your ass, right?
Well, here's a little bit...
Oh.
A hard ass to...
Until they stick his ass in the box, right?
Uh-huh.
A hard ass.
That's you.
Uh-huh.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to pick the Jill Bell, please.
Yeah, go ahead.
Give him the message.
This is Richard Finster with the Bridge Tenders Union and all 32 of our Bridge Tenders
have sent a petition that we want you to keep Neil on the radio.
I don't want to be on a station.
Well, I work on it.
You can't really get out of here.
I don't want to be on this horse ball with this horse and buggy company
and they know that and I hate them like poison.
I'm sure the feeling is mutual.
It should make for a really great year.
Especially once that suit hits the court this afternoon.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and they've arrived in Singular.
Wireless line.
Man, it will be all today too.
What are you going to see and who told you that?
Alison.
Alison.
Alison knows what else is going on.
She's the only one in a place that knows what's going on.
She ought to be the general manager and a program director.
And she actually listens to the show.
How do you like that?
She doesn't hate us like poison.
Like Clarence does and like Jolly Joe Bell does.
And it's better the fact that he lies like a big fat tub of garbage.
Like a tub of human, subhuman garbage.
Excuse me.
Subhuman.
I haven't had a good sub in a long time.
That's because I can't eat the bread.
Right?
I do like a good sub of grinder.
Like a whole new Boston.
Oh my God.
A Joanimo's man.
Those are the days, baby.
One thing about Boston, you can get really fat there in a short period of time.
I did.
And it got me a deferment from the army during Vietnam in 1963.
Because I was two pounds over for my height.
Did I ever tell you that?
No.
The limit for my height was 210.
And if you were over 210, you got an automatic deferment because you're too fat.
Good thing you made a big rep.
I was too tall.
Oh yeah, I had this spaghetti dinner.
I had a big spaghetti dinner, baby.
Oh, Lord.
Oh yeah.
I had pasta coming out of my ears and my stomach.
Oh, brother.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
If you go ahead, you can.
And can.
Are we on can?
Is there anything else that you can say or are you capable of or not?
No.
No, that's it.
Why do I want to give them a chance for the new year?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, you know how fast the radio turned up so we could squeeze himself here in the side of his own voice?
Q-A-M.
Not there?
Shame on you.
Q-A-M, hello.
Nick.
Now let me ask you something.
Is there something happening on your end?
Chris?
On my end?
Yeah.
No.
I punched up this last guy and he vanished before I could say, uh, what's your arm?
I heard him say, Nick.
Yeah, that was it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
Is Richard brought down the NHL Hall of Fame?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
It puts the material in the basket.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
My diary has a delicious taste.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, I got a question for you.
If radio station like WCVF all new radio, all new radio, 88 in New York City, wanted to hire you for say three million a year, would you work in that market?
Why would you come up with that station first of all?
I mean, well, what kind of, uh, what does that mean?
Well, I'm just choosing a station that I'm going to work in New York City.
Yeah, that's my thing.
If K-A-B-C wanted to put you on here for ten million dollars tomorrow, would you do it?
Well, what does that mean?
Where did you pick that out of?
Who's asked that you picked that out of?
Well, I know you're used to working in this market.
I was just wondering if you'd switched to another market, even though, you know, the money was right.
You know something?
I can work in any market and still sit here on my ass in the same just like I'm doing right now.
Okay.
Well, I hope you stay on the radio because you're great and I hope you get the money you want.
Okay, thanks.
You're welcome.
It's not just about money.
It's about working for people that they want you, numbered and V, want to promote your show and want to support it.
They don't want to support it.
They don't want to do anything.
And that's always been that way since day one.
Their idea of business transaction is maybe sooner or later getting around to paying you, and that's it.
That's all they want to feel obligated to do.
Other than that, screw you.
And that's not just me.
That's the whole, that's their mentality.
This company is a broadcasting company like I'm a brain surgeon, like I'm a rocket scientist, like I'm a freaking Einstein-like genius.
Now, that's how much broadcast ability these people are got.
None.
Zero.
Zippity.
I don't care if they own 8 million radio stations, and that's why their stock is tanking.
Tanking badly, because more and more air every day people are catching on.
Are you, are you shimitting me?
These, these, those picking red necks from Noun Naples?
Give us a break.
Get serious.
And if anybody starts with that serious crap again, oh.
I'm so sick and tired of hearing about, well, you know, they're not paying anybody any money.
Well, then screw that.
Okay.
I don't do charity at my advanced stage or any age.
I don't do charity.
I've paid my dues.
I'm not working for the benefit of, you know, to enhance Howard's ego anymore.
I'm so sick and tired of him already would, you know, great.
He's making 50 million.
How about 500 million in a year Howard?
How much do you need?
The most, and I'll say it again, he is the greatest, not air talent, but the greatest self promoter I've ever encountered in my life.
Every time he farts, the whole world has to know what flavor it is and believe me, that's what's making him all that money.
So I, so I give him that much, but in terms of that serious thing, you can have it.
And he, he's on all day.
You don't understand that.
He's on all day.
Yeah, I do channels, I believe what?
I do understand that.
He said, all day.
WNQ-I-M, hello.
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Not being holiday, see you, sir.
Back to you.
I have to tell you, I don't know how in the world they live.
I was living to the stations and I was, for a second, I saw Hayden Coulter on Hannity, Nazi and Combe.
How that woman fused Venom and gets away with it is beyond me.
Because he's a right winger, right winger, he can say whatever you want, whether it's Michael Savage or Ant-Man Coulter or Miss Drogre, these other Nazis, he can say whatever you want.
And of course, if he's an elective atel of the Hun, they want you off the Ir-Media Leaf not sooner.
I did be something interesting though.
They always say that they've been selling authors, but they don't, what they don't tell you is that the Christian right by 60% of the books before they come out.
Right.
That's the, that they don't tell you.
Like Bill O'Reilly, he says he has number one, you know, books and...
Well, tell him and Dreard, man.
Anyway, happy New Year.
Back to you.
I think I kind of brought him to a halt there for a second, didn't I?
Yep.
We need more goiim speaking Yiddish, baby.
Then it'll be fun.
Then we'll find out who the real Jews are.
The Palestinians, the Israelis or the Gifts or the Saudis.
The Saudis, maybe the Saudis are really a bunch of Jews in drag.
That could be it.
In disguise, we'll shock the hell out of you, baby.
Just when you count us out like Jerry Lewis would, uh, Gary Lewis would say.
Jerry Lewis is still alive.
Oh my God.
Yep.
Scary, and his head is back to like, only four times normal size now, isn't it?
Remember when it was like 45 times normal size?
Head to zone.
Your shell.
Oh my God.
Any questions?
Have you been abused in the workplace?
Rent or screwed?
Place your career in my zoky smooth hands.
Hello.
This is Norma Kent.
For the lore orifices of the Norma Kent.
If you meet me to conduct business on your behalf, let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore, but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800-There's so many men to explore.
That's 1-800-Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California, call 1-800-I want you to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now, and you will receive a free cell phone, one that works almost as good as born.
Call 2-800-I want you to keep your cell phone, one that works as good as born.
That wasn't my cell phone, his name is StaysR.
Oh no.
1102 says George Vacker won.
Yeah, no, he's not.
He's not?
Not yet.
Maybe he went off into accounting there to take care of that business that I asked him to do yesterday.
Or he might be likely one of the magic rooms.
Yeah, because I was over in the bullpen.
You know, Allison for letting us know about you know, Mandachan today.
And Lee comes in holding one hand over his eye.
He's like, I think I just lost an eye.
Like, wow, it's morning goes, because the smell and the bathroom, you know, I think I lost an eye from it.
Oh my, oh my, oh my.
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my, oh.
That might be George, and so he came back into here, and George still was back into the studio.
So, you know, he's still not back?
Still not back it.
Wow, maybe we'll get a call in lunch.
George may get may have gotten flushed down the turlith
Or maybe as an act of retribution maybe the beastly people maybe jolly joe bell had him kidnapped in the hallway that's that's more likely
When you think quite possibly I think we're on a virgin 600 votes on your pool Chris
hope so
597 like I said run the verge of a major purge
Maybe this was George is doing as he's already over the verge of a major purge if the flee was holding his nose
That's only I maybe flee was holding his nose in his eye because of the stench of common or that hovers over the QAM studios over the entire building
Reading juliani's sick what we know that he's checked out of a hospital today after being admitted overnight for flu-like symptoms
What a woose he's got the flu. He's in the hospital
Don't you hate that every ten days old cockers get the flu now like with me
I was there five days in Amsterdam and inside the room
There wasn't enough heat to like heat up your ass
It was just pathetic and then spread of that and spread of my scratch. He throw it. I never got sick
I thought you had a warmer there with you and that was the last day. I finally wise up
I mean that's my own stupidity a lot of you in the space you don't have something else. No, he did not I
Wish see there you go again with your smart ass horse crap man
What do you know something and you know you know you're when that when that settlement comes down from this big fat lawsuit
We're slapping them when when that comes down. You're not gonna get very much
Oh, I like it thumb bucks
I'm not lucky. Curried away. I was thinking more like eight bucks. Yeah, hey, I'll take that. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure you will
It's like two weeks paid. Oh
There's yours come back in or not that yet. Wow
Holy moly holy canola man should we call him?
He ordinarily when he's got one of these deals. He sends me a text message. He hasn't sent me nothing
Maybe he left his phone the other room. Yeah, he might have left his phone
He might have had to run out so fast, you know made a quick move
Oh, what happened to that call we had on six there that was the one
Yeah, I guess they're one thing is five days before Christmas if we can make it true
If we can just get through the new year, although who knows what's gonna happen, you know
They might have Mandarin melodies on here mid days of pretty soon all depending as long as those checks keep coming
I don't care. I don't care not a car on the board here. We are five days before Christmas
At all through the house
Not a creature was stirring that even allows
Oh, he's back
Dorgeous back. Okay, he can give us a report now on his extra-curricular activity
Which flea said really stumped like the end of the world. That was me that was you wow sure
Jack is flea walked into that he think he thinks he left an eye from the smell emanating out of there. Well, I have both my eyes
Yeah, can't be pretty thing else though. How do you like that?
Flea lost
Oh
Because of the stench
In that turret I have to own it. Well, that's okay. It's we warned the audience that it was just one of those things
It's we're getting out of our system. It's we got QA and disease. We got your bell disease is what we got
I don't know if I'm done. Well, I don't know if I'm done either
Well, I think we are done
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the horizon and singular wireless line
WDQ I am hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay?
I got a suggestion for you. You're the king or queen of radio. Why don't you just open a bill radio station?
Yeah, right. Why don't you open up a can of worms? Okay? Why don't you just open up your own radio station?
You know some of your people are so stupid that it pains me in the groin. Okay? It pained. I was speaking to pain in the groin
Guess who called my house down there yesterday
Pain in the groin is that supposed to be a hint? Somebody I haven't know. Somebody I haven't heard from in a long time
No, there's a hint. Really?
Stand major still alive still alive and
I'm trying to think of why he called what was the excuse that he was calling. I don't know. I don't remember what it was
Well, maybe he was going to pay me that to grand back which ought to be worth about a hundred grand now. That's okay. It's there no problem. No heart feelings. Just stay the hell away
Now I wish him luck. I wish all the talent in the business luck. He, you know, he had a certain amount of talent.
How about what kind of a watch should be about later lately? What kind of a watch? You got any interesting what? What about that Milky Way dark? You like that?
I don't know. Stan was just, you know, he ought to stick to the politics stance to the right wing horse crack. I wish him all the luck. I really do. You'll need it.
677 votes on that marginal poll we got. I got a good poll for tomorrow. You want to hear it? Yes, please. No.
Oh, no, this is notable deaths. I've got the list here that I don't even know where to go. Somebody wants us to add LSD to the poll. Doug, go ahead. LSD, go ahead and put it on there. Stick it.
Who's death? What celebrity's death during 2007 meant the most to you? And I got a list here of like 34 the last of which was Dan Fogelberg and just before that I turn her and before that evil can evil.
Norman Mauler Robert Gleim, our cell, our so Leon and Humsley Luciano Pavarotti, Merv Griffin, Max Roach and his brother Cockroach. Don't just say his first name though.
The Tammy Faye Messner, Lady Bird Johnson, Reverend Jerry Falwell, Wally Sheraw, the astronaut, David Halberstam, not our friend, but the other one, the author. Boris Yeltsin, Kurt Vonnegut Jr. Eddie Robinson.
Eddie Robinson, there was now, there was Eddie Robinson, the first basement for the Yankees. I wonder which Eddie Robinson is. I'm going to have to Google it.
Arthur Slesinger, Jr., the author. And then Nicole Mollie Ivens, and here's my, oh, Reverend F. Dryden, and Father Dryden, I used to have him on my show all the time. He was great, a liberal priest. He was a member of the House from Massachusetts.
Father Dryden, man, he used to tell him like it was and it would be. He was great. He's dead. Art book walled, and then bunch of other ones. And that's not a bad pull. And they're going to say, oh, we don't care about any of those people. We don't want to care.
Because it's not Florida, baby. We just don't care like the phone here. Look at that. They could be calling me. I mean, there's got to be a few Jews out there for Christ's sake that aren't running around with Christmas gifts. Now, Hanukkah's over. Tisha Bows is a long way away. What's the excuse?
I wonder if Howard Kleinberg is okay and his wife. That one hockey game. I went to I didn't see them. I didn't see almost anybody. I recognized it was like, oh, brother, and the report, the fire reports, I'm getting is that there are many games. There's like 3, 4,000 people there.
And it's really well worth having two sports stations in this market because the interest in sport is so intense. It's such a sports intensive for running phony market, man.
We love the heat. We love the panthers. We love the dolphins. We're all and the Marlins forget about it. You can go bowling. You have your own section in the stadium. WQA M Hello.
Yes. I have one for the death list for 1995. The Neil Rogers show.
Yeah. Yeah. WQA M Hello. Hey, Neil. It's a pleasure to speak to the most underutilized talent on radio today.
And I support you wherever you go. And I want to let you know that you've taught this guy every year this turn. He knows and I use them constantly and I'm spreading the good work.
Excellent. And have a great holiday. I want to put your feet up and celebrate your career and wherever you land, we will all be there and enjoying it. And that's all I have to say.
Okay. I'm going to be so much. Have a wonderful holiday, but I'm not putting my legs up in here. Just not my bag, baby.
615 votes on the pool. Let's take a look at what the result is there. Maybe read it right once or twice during the show. It's just not that good. It's okay.
Who did this come from? It came from a Sean the pole guy as opposed to Sean the Felix the cat guy.
What drug gave you the best experience? Booze 153 grass 152. I never used drugs or booze 76 powder cocaine 47 KWALUDE 36 hash 35.
X to C 31 sugar 28 azucadl. That was what I voted. That's the only one I do sugar. I'm just addicted. I'm just oh god.
Morphine 17 crack 14 twilight gas 10. I see how square I am. I don't even know what that is. What?
Twilight gas. I like nitrous. I don't know. Is that what they're talking about? I've never heard it called that.
And I thought I was the one who's out of touch. What is that Chris twilight gas? I have no idea because I was wondering what that was.
I remember twilight time by the platters. How did these shades of night are falling? What?
I'm pretty sure that's the nitrous that like the dead is good. Heroin 9 speed 6 and acid LSD 2 out of 621.
Twilight gas. You got twilight time by the platters? Yeah. Heavenly shades. Tony Williams and the platters but they were good.
Back in the day of course back when music was music and man were men. So Ann Bishop was a die car like that was a big secret.
My god I can't believe that the people aren't aware of that. That's why she hated me so much because I was out.
And used to talk about all kinds of facts stuff on the year. And so she hated me like poison and especially since I used to refer to her as a bull bike.
Too bad. And now you're dead and I'm still plugging along man. Still getting the big pay tax. Oh what I was asking before you were why you were doing a big dump.
Was did you go to accounting and take care of that issue from here? No. I'll do it for the next break.
No I don't mean now during the show you can do it after the show at any or before the show where you know I don't mean if you want to do it during the break that's fine.
And then you can stop by the teabroom again and kind of clear the air. Maybe you want to stop by Joe Bell's office and clear the air.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
I'm just going to smell real bad.
That's a good way for fun.
The fun is really boring.
I need to show the fun.
I'm using your old cream slash only got you today.
Slap.
There's that my ratings have bottomed out in this case.
Which radio have you rebonded to?
I'm gonna get you some old woods and sweet geese.
All you need is now.
All you need is now.
All you need is now.
And then show.
And then show.
Oh, no, no.
Oh, I don't get you move my sand.
You'll fight away something.
Check, hold me to give you this.
What?
What are you gonna do?
Fight me, huh?
I got a punch.
11-18, so Gellie never returned your message, I guess,
on your text message yesterday?
No, not yet.
Well, I'll be done.
Come on, Gellie.
Fast up.
Let's hear it.
Okay, he's probably looking for my job.
That little twerp, that backstabbing little weasel.
He might get a squeak, Meister.
What?
He might just get it too.
Who cares, you know?
You can have it tomorrow, baby.
Just keep the text coming.
How am I getting paid off for a year?
Like I did that seven months with the tax, and that was really sweet.
That was a nightmare for me, but that's another story.
Why is that?
Because I was working here in the production department.
Yeah.
With people who don't speak the language of radio.
Correct.
No one on either side of it.
You survived, and you're still around.
Barely.
Jack Linkblower is dead.
Jack Linkblower is dead.
He followed his broadcasting icon, Father Art Linkblower's footsteps in the 50s, became the host of his TV shows as
Houton Annie, and special events like the Miss Universe page and died he was 70.
Linkblower, president of Linkblower, and a prize is died of lymphoma yesterday, at his home in Cluj del California.
His father told the times I went to.
Art, of course, is still alive.
Art Linkblower.
He's 150 years old.
He's on with Larry all the time.
All the old cockers all the time, man.
As the son of the man who hosted a long-running people are funny and house part of our radio and TV.
Linkblower made a smooth transition into broadcasting in the early age and it goes on.
I mean, it goes on forever.
Like this is somebody important, you know.
What was this from?
Oh, this is from La Shawna, thanks Sean.
The fear is the cat guy.
It provides me with a lot of good stuff even though you don't know it.
He's still doing a lot of good cramp.
56670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line on a spectacular Thursday, December 20.
Today is like the direct deposit day for you people getting paid.
In fact, that's what Jerks Jack said this morning when he came in before the show, Jason Jerks.
He said, I sure hope that money is there today, ho ho ho.
Seems like a good guy, you know.
It's just too bad that he sounds so bad on the air.
Come to QA and hello.
QA ballot just kept finished eating and they should somebody QA and hello.
Do you know that Eddie Robinson?
Yeah.
It was the football coach for gambling.
Oh, that's right. The doctor like the guy, right?
Yeah. Hey, listen, can I get Mickey to call Eris and say?
Now, do you remember Eddie Robinson played first base for the Yankees once upon a time?
I'll remember him, yeah.
Do you do remember him?
I'm up there.
Yeah, you and me both.
Well, you know, one day will be dead and then we can forget about this crap.
Okay, I'll work on it.
Hey.
Okay.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Come on, it's 20th of December.
It's five days before Christmas.
Where is your Christmas gift to us a really great phone call on the show, huh?
You think I'm serious about that?
No. That would be nice.
Yeah, Eddie. Are you crazy or what?
As if I have to ask.
Look where we are, man.
I'm crazy.
Look where we are.
I'm like those guys though.
Yeah.
Ten years of visibly broadcasting, baby.
Blah blah blah blah blah blah.
I think the audience really believes that I make a lot of this crap off.
They do. They don't believe any of it.
Really?
Every time I go to one of those appearances, oh, that's funny.
That's really true.
Yeah, because nobody ever heard of such things before.
There is nobody in business who just, well, maybe somewhere, some little mom and pop or some individual
or shyster somewhere, but there's no company, no reputable, reliable, responsible, real honest
to God company anywhere in the universe that doesn't pay their people.
What was that?
Velcro.
Velcro, Velcro, what?
Like my shoes?
Okay.
If you wish.
You have Velcro shoes?
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
It's for old people.
It gets what?
If the shoe fits.
If the Velcro shoe fits.
So much for crisping in that will?
Oh, well.
Yeah.
Oh, well.
All of them.
It's for old fat slabs.
It's saying that I think about it.
I was told the same thing so I had to stop wearing mine.
You know something?
I see.
I don't wear shoes or any other damn thing based on, you know, what somebody else tells me.
I'm a fat old slab.
I've always been, and I've done pretty damn well, okay?
Okay.
For an old fat slab, I've done pretty damn well.
It's sloppy.
Although I will say this, I told you that day that I was dragged to Harry Rosen in the Eden Center,
forced to buy thousands of dollars worth of expensive clothing.
And like, when I go out to dinner with my friend Paco who you hate like poison,
he'll insist that I put on like, you know, some real honest guy clothes where I looks like human.
So don't embarrass him?
Yeah, that's right.
I mean, maybe he doesn't want to be seen with some fat old slab who looks like he just crawled out of a dumpster.
And I don't blame him, okay?
Although I don't like long sleeve shirts.
I will say that.
That's about the only thing I, well, most of the time here, I still wear shorts,
I don't like long sleeve even like this time of the year.
But he forced me to buy a bunch of long sleeve shirts, and they're very nice, they're beautiful,
but I hate them.
I don't like them.
You know, once last time you wore long sleeve shirt.
Long time.
Very long time.
Hate them.
W.A.M. Hello.
It's like wearing your seat belt in the car with your eyes dressed up to a fancy party or something.
I hate that seat belt, man.
Q.A.M.
Not there.
Q.A.M. hola.
Not there either.
Q.A.M.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Q.A.M.
I'm curious about that voice over with Howard Davis.
Why do you have the patience to story on that?
Yes, sir.
When he just said what I was in, he's speaking about Howard Davis about it.
He wanted to say, what is the story about that drop as if he wanted a story about that.
Did I just played all you need is Mo?
Yes.
Or what?
Yeah, or the the man that drops saying Howard David's a bitch. What about it?
What's the story as if there's a story?
Manage said it we recorded it we play it. He said it for us. That's right
He did it for us because he's a good guy man
It's that's right him and Hank in the Joe Rose. There's some people in there we like and some people actually might actually like us a little bit
Maybe not you mean syphilis, but I don't know these lights
Is even my rip of an ass on ear. He still sends me a mind-space stuff once in a while
He understands it's not business. It's personal or is it the other way around?
WDQA M hello
Hello, yes, sir
Bumblebee tuna Bumblebee tuna Gage it WDQA M hello
Hello, yes, how are you? Very good. I was just gonna tell you that there's a movie on
On the internet that people can access so they can really kind of like get a little bit of an education
The he has some zebra he has an Eddie I as in I you know all about zeitgeist
Okay, thanks. Oh zeitgeist. It's on our website the link to it for crying out loud. I miss guy
Well, yeah, he meant well. It is everybody ought to watch it, but they won't it's a little bit too cerebral for most of the slabs out there in
Radio land
Most of the people are worried about give me the ball give me the ball
And a big tuna baby. Yeah, he's gonna really turn it around a little bit late for that this year
What do I they did that this year to try to save face?
So maybe they might sell some tickets for next year for that swill at their try to put over on the public
Who are you?
4.25
6.2.am
The fourth leader all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
Get more on like Mitchell call up and they say stupid things
That they don't have any bases on because somebody on this radio station who's on between nine and one
Decides to poison everybody because for him it's a bit and the idiots that listen to him they actually buy in
That is pretty dumb to buy in well they buy in because they're idiots
You know why they because their brains are soft like marshmallows and they can be twisted and turned any which way you want
They go great with smores though. That's exactly right. You're on a roll today. I like it
So the brains are soft and they say stupid things because they don't have enough intelligence to come up with an original thought of their own
So they listen to people that can manipulate them to make them say make them think whatever they want
The only thing missing is the cool aid
Thank you Jim who's on today who's who's doing the show today Jorge that's George deal George Rodriguez
Neil Rogers coming back or see none next year. No. Is he really damn?
I got a deal
How I say it's in it and you know while people say you know, you're knocking you know
It's not not this is what you know it is it shows you how effective the guy is that he can manipulate the stupidity that listens between
Nine and one you might agree with that probably and he's laughing his ass off all the way to the bank
He's absolutely late. You know it is. He's laughing at you Mitch because you're a M-O-R-O-N
I'll spell it out for you and now I'll tell you what I just said it means moron
Because you can't spell all right. I don't think I ever played that one there maybe a hundred years ago
It's been a while
What is your story? Are you like having an intestinal?
Yeah, that's it
Or just a mental breakdown
It started yesterday you were like a little off your feet and today you seem like I don't know
Whatever is he just in today Chris or what is he like standing by the doorway getting ready to make a run for it a little gash
Just maybe I don't know what's going on with his phone. Maybe maybe it's five days before Christmas
That's what it is or maybe they're just jumping off all jumping off the sinking ship. I don't know what it is
We got six fifty six on your polo which means it gives us a real good shot of 800
All right five six seven oh five sixty. Let's get this phone smoking baby. You can do it and
And pound five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line. Don't forget every minute every second
They you spend on the phone with me is that much less time you're gonna have spending your hard-earned money
Well you crazy people running around oh no, we only have five days left till Christmas near you
You understand crash on i95 at the golden glades
As closed but all the one of the northbound lanes now this happened a while ago it happened like a ten oh nine
The FHP urged motorists to avoid northbound i95 between downtown and the glades
The crash was at the entrance of the flyover
I mean it fire rescue was on the scene. I said Miami did I'm very sorry did county details of the crash were not immediately available
All but the furthest right-hand lane was blocked the furthest right-hand lane
This isn't a herald what a bunch of goobers
Meanwhile a double-roll over crash northbound just north of northwest 120 fifths rate was starting to clear
See that's how crazy they are out there now. It's the holidays man
They're crashing the rush lupin their they're lapping their one and they're like crazy people
Are you doing that doing what?
Acting like a crazy person because it's the holidays you got to go Christmas shopping. I've already done that
I'm good been there done that good. We'll quit acting like a crazy or so. I'm starting acting a little crazy now
WQ I am hello. Oh
He hit it. He hit it from the moon
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello hello. Yes, sir
Hey Neil how you doing? Okay, how you doing? Not bad. I got a little issue here
It's raining out and every time I wish your wife or go on the station breaks up. What should I do?
Turn to a state you can hear is a good idea
Turn on a station you can actually hear that's a good idea when you think
That's what I'm gonna work on a station that people can actually hear with a signal that like isn't being like
Drowned out by Castro interference and B that the it's like when you're on 441 and driving under those height
The electric wires, you know the power and
Have you ever tried listening well Christian listen anyway, right? Well, I guess you never have I guess Chris is probably tried
Try to do what to hear the station on 441 on certain days when you're driving up the Hershey highway there
If you're driving under where the power lines are
And I remember Greg read line to me too. Oh, you know, we can go 50,000 watts
All the way didn't say we were gonna he said we could go. Yeah chickens could be too great
They'll tell you like how a deal said any crack you want to hear
To get you the sign in agreement then they don't live up to it. That's the best part
They don't live up to it and when it comes to paying people they don't want to we don't want to we're the bees leaves
Okay, we're bigger than that. We don't have to pay people they they want to work for us for free because of the honor of it
We don't want to work for the honor
I mean is there anybody who ever heard of such crap of such a monkey business?
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, we wish you an early death early soon couldn't be soon enough
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, hey
Okay, I want the Christmas is defining a good machine month if you cannot win
I've been having up bad string of luck at the hard rock and I'm leaving town this weekend
Then I just wanted to you know wish you good happy end of the year and all the guys over there as well
Okay, thanks, family. I want to have another box of wood by my son mine every guy
Yeah, yeah, I don't put my sheen mine. I had a good machine. Can I request some cleats on your feet? Okay, you got it
Love you good luck. You'll leave it
So why I got some news you might like okay?
The apparent job three place Hank the apparent job. Yeah, well, you know the job of a place Hank apparently is going to
They're a kind of a guy named Peter Brown
Yeah, for me of a sporting news radio
No, apparently that's the guy who's getting the job
My god Peter Brown
Correct now do you just make that up or what no?
Someone's been a time some information
Who's that I'm not gonna tell you that that's why they're still feeding me information I see you want me to reveal your sources
Exactly, but you didn't get a return call from Gellie. So Gellie didn't get you struck out Gellie
You're not getting the five to seven brown Peter is good in it
You know Jason Whitlock you've heard of that one, right? No
Yeah, from no, I think he's one that yeah from his pin
I think he's the one that wrote that article about Sean Taylor a couple weeks ago that you read yes
Apparently he was offered it
But they didn't offer enough to catch so we turn it down right there you go because they want everybody to work on a cheap
That's what it's all about they want people they want to hire a bunch of low-rent district people that are gonna work for almost nothing
And they think they can still jam up to log with spots
Well guess well when those numbers start coming out and they're like vanishing rapidly and the numbers start with a oh zero
Even the most supportive sponsors out there even the heaviest jocks nippers in town who are in business
They're not gonna want to be a subsidizing that with their hard-earned cash because they don't want to like flush it down the toilet
jolly joe Peter Brown
Is coming to town
Right it down
And Hank is getting shoved out the door his big fat
I got so so so unceremoniously that was now what has even say lately?
How has he been of course he's only had a short period of time?
It's not like us for the whole year in a lawsuit, you know
And also by the way has nothing to do with whether or not they wanted to pay me the money or keep me here
That they're entitled to put on whoever the hell they want you know after my contracts done or sooner if they want
It's about the grotesque unacceptable monkey business practices this company engages and and rights contracts with all sorts of people
And it doesn't live up to them
And I'm so sick and tired a little a little people I'm not that little I'm you know
I'm like a medium person, but like the little people get squashed by corporations that do whatever they want to you
Well, if you don't like it take us to court. Okay
If you don't like it, you know give it a little lawyer well, maybe I might do that someday too
675 votes on the pull we're going over 700 this hour boy. We got a real good shot at like 750 WDQ. I am hello
Hey, no, yes, sir. Hey, but I just think it has up. This is not a football town brother
All Sunday at one o'clock they only play one football game so four o'clock. That's playing me dolphin
They forced me to watch it. I'm from Tampa Tampa. You get two football games. No, you don't know you don't
Yes, you do know you're an idiot. It's all depending on if the home team is playing there is no
Game competing against that one if it seems like at home, but it's a road game. You might have two games
It's at home. You only get one game. I'm trying to get Miami
I'm telling you you're an idiot. You're an idiot. No way
If you go Tampa right now this Sunday watch the bus and another football
Not at the bus are playing at home. You don't get a game
I don't want to get in between you and Chris, but I mean
I mean you can see a real any real football teams over there are just the bucks
It's just the bus, but we play Miami Dolphins as well as the Buckingeers
Yeah, maybe someday you'll replace where they put some real football teams on here
Let's see what's on the NFL network right now, shall we?
Here in the first half proving it's never easy to play in front of your girlfriend. Oh
No, no, your girlfriend just
Just a machine can't right away that must have been it because the Eagles kicked their ass. That was a horrible game
Would you watch that game? No, very inept. Well the Cowboys didn't with a we think that role
Might be a what rhymes with Roma
You're
Receive is better wise
Some people say that number rate is gay
They say true loves the big brown eyes
Black don't think man
He goes down on his music man
You said it's guys. He likes to please
He loves to slap cowboys on every
He's got a spot to spare
America's team is world renowned
But is droid gay I've heard some people say
In the how will he goes down
Ackman
He goes down his music man. I
Can some balls to squeeze a
Don't clip him cause he likes it from behind
Okay, 14 million don't forget mad dog will be on today
You'll be amazed when you hear this from Ohio meteor watch that I just printed out from the internet. Yes
Peter Brown checks in
Who this is December 8 2006
Back in the day when dinosaurs roamed the
And says no wait when new Cleveland sports talk radio station WK in r 1220 WK in r
That's where those call letters won. What is shame?
Started making its mark in Northeast Ohio. Your primary editorial voice checked in more than once as a listener with Peter Brown
The station's controversial afternoon drive host and the article goes on and kisses his ass and go blah blah blah blah
It's boats him about this one and I want and
Here are the comments from the readers of this Ohio meteor watch
Peter Brown who proven radius leader where and then several z's
Here's another one. I think Peter's pretty good Sunday afternoons on ESPN radio
He and Tony Bruno made me laugh Bruno would make fun of Models trench coat
No, no, it says Peter. There are 49 other states plus the rest of the known world
Please apply for a job there you weren't popular there when you were in Cleveland the first time and your reputation hasn't changed among the fans. Oh
syndicated nationally fine paired with someone else apparently
But not local talk here in Cleveland for you. Have you tried Milwaukee says the next one next one says yeah
We in Cleveland mine here excuses over and over and here our host make excuses for why the browns Indian stinky right to year
Peter Brown told the truth about Cleveland sports. Please give us Greg Brinda and Kevin Keene
Now Kevin Keene is the world's biggest cheerleader release of people had nobody ever heard him less than
Cleveland as far as Peter Brown goes
I think all of his stick was a gimmick it says to put in pro wrestling terms brown played the heel the bad guy
Then another one says he wouldn't work here today because now everyone is on to him knowing it was all a gimmick thus shooting any
And all credibility to hell
And then it says brown only be Greg Carmison station in Milwaukee and one ratings book only great job Peter
Took you two years to beat the competition
PS the only reason Brown is doing this is because he needs a job. He is desperate. It says this was um
December 2006
And there's some other ones but we know we know and we know probably we don't want to poison the environment before he actually arrives
Then do we I never heard of him did you George nope
Haha evidently a christian I've never heard of him my life
You said you did no I said I hadn't I heard Jason will or uh
With life yeah I heard of him but not uh whoever the guy Jason went like turned it down because they want to pay him any money
But what does that have to do with the stake with what?
This stake oh you got your food from a show list. Oh yeah
I got a mouthful of steak and blue potatoes you tell me that I told you you didn't listen
I'm not paying any attention to you you're uh what's our leaving yeah no
You're strange yep i think it's your good chicken neck friend of baldie doing it to let's just say that
692 on a pool like I said we're getting close to 700 I'm not gonna fall to 8 it's it's you know five days before Christmas
What the hell do you expect from us qa and hello hi good morning yes sir um
I wish I would have recorded this I was listening to Hank yesterday and I was coming up on the five o'clock hour
And he was going into his break
You know using using the call letters and he went
560 wqa m and he splashed on that and he says oh whatever the hell these call letters are
I'm not gonna be on here much longer anyway. I thought it was beautiful
Nice going hupper
Okay you too
oh
So how's the steak from shula steak too
Very very very very good excellent good yes I got steak with fog raw on it
Flaug raw that tail fog wrong are you talking frog now or what we
Dominic you weigh in hello
Mia how are you okay sir big one time fan me all I gotta tell you you're a burp all of this man
It's out Florida with the pathetic calls and everything else man. I was uh I was listening to action satellite the other night
And I couldn't believe it like the guy schnault who's on in the afternoon on other stations
He's got he's he's indicated on there and you're not I mean
Sir I told us to norm a camp yesterday or the day before I said there is nobody who does talk radio in America in the universe
Who isn't syndicated except me and he went on to go out well
You know, but you're making more money than any of those people and blah blah blah blah all the sudden crap is if it's only about the money
Would you of course it is but time to find a new representative for yourself. You know what I mean?
Yeah, okay. I'll work on it. Yeah, I have a good higher day. All right big thanks
To you pali happy show us
Happy some huster our baby pass the
Canadal and let's spend the dreidel. What do you say when that that one's already over with how about some pacidicky candy for Passover
All these holidays all this ritual. This is the problem and I know most people are like they wish they were decent good people
Thinking people, but they're not because they've had their ability to think taken away when they were like a little child
They were brainwashed with all the lies not just sandy claws in the tooth fairy
But the god and the Moses and the Jesus and the Joseph Smith and the Buddha and the Muhammad and L.A. and they all this other crap and Zeus
Hey Zeus
Then what he used to say when Zeus would show up. Hey Zeus
Orungus. Yeah, what about Thor?
Yes, I am a little Thor now the god's all the time don't start talking like that that guy's gonna call him to get out of Georgia's a fairy
You know
What's so called in anyway? Where's the a 25-inch slot guy?
Haven't had that one yet today so we can like blow his brains out if he had any the 25-inch slot guy
See I go to wood vine and lately I'm on a streak now five winning sessions in a row not bad
And when I get ahead and like a reasonable amount I run for the door baby. That's the deal. Don't give it back
See a lot of greedy bastards out there. They went like you know five six hundred or whatever and then oh
I'm gonna take that five six hundred and win 20,000 you know and of course in a half an hour they give it all back
Oh gee the machine sucked it all right back. I don't know. You know what I mean
Right a fool and his money are soon farted. That's me. That's me too man. Oh wait wow. What's what's the problem now?
Hmm
Sorry say that about what being a fool. Oh, just story my life just in general. Oh, are we gonna hear this again? What it's five days before
Christmas are you gonna?
We already know your life sucks, okay
Enjoy that delicious free steak there while you can from the blue potatoes
The blue potatoes. I got blue potatoes. What does that mean? I don't know what that is. What you know?
They're potatoes. I never heard of that. Oh, I guess what?
Guess what the internet never heard of either twilight gas. I think maybe Sean has got some bad gas of his own
But I know it's not always whoever wrote that
Maybe that was Sean. I was on his pole. I wouldn't write it. You think like I made that on the rest of us call it nitrous
Well put that on there nitrous oxide
Just know something. No, not twilight gas. He never did play twilight time by calling Williams into platters. I don't have it
Oh, dammit. I'll get anything about a platters. What do you got? Smoke it's in your fly in your eyes. I'll get to you as soon as this computer
30 Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes
Me. Yes, I am. You have made you have made Q.A.M. a lot of money for them. Why don't you fire them and start your own station? Yeah, right
Why not? What did I do? What? Why don't you fire a few? I don't understand sir
I'm not starting my own station to cost millions and millions and millions and millions of dollars
Which if I had it I wouldn't be sitting here talking to you. Okay. We're schmuck like you
I
Smoke it's in your fly pony. What you doing? He was great. I'm pretty sure he's dead. I think I'm not sure. I'm not even looking
Smurfs. He is
Only you was good
Oh
It makes me cry
Outer what
Hey, they all make for start the same. Yeah
Pretend
I remember in the you can't even go in the flying saucer. They use that. Yep. I got those
You got what all the began to get the flying saucer good
Well, maybe a little later on when things get really slow in about two minutes. Somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Meal. Yes, sir
So this thing with Hank was this a personality conflict with Joe Bell or are they just cheap because Hank was
In yesterday that he they told him that it had nothing to do with ratings
And he said you know, but he never heard that at 30 years of being in the business that it had nothing to do with ratings
So I'm just curious what the deal is
The deal is that Joe Bell is a thin skin piece of turd jackass
I know he and Hank don't get along
He knows Hank hates him like poison
He knows that I hate him like poison and so both of us have to go
We and the trend came out yesterday Hank went through the roof. We went through the roof
Yeah, the shows of the ratings must go don't you understand? So they don't want to fire them
They just want a low-volume so he leaves
Of course when you offer somebody a 50% paid cut like they did to him and to meet you think somebody's gonna sit around and take that
Good, no, he shouldn't
And then they said if you don't like 50% how about 60% instead instead of being like a real business person
Not having a little bit of decency and saying well, we want to go in a different direction
We should the best the luck. Thanks for the great jump. Oh, they play games with us. That's a joke
Yeah, Neil, I've been listening to you for like 20 years. Take it easy. Have a good holiday. Thanks pal YouTube
Yeah, it's still kids. It's Joe Bell and of course the last conversation that he called with his lies about extending my contract
Oh, you know that Bruce Beasley and I we don't care about the what you say about us on the air because we know it's just part of the show
That's incredible to me. Yeah, did you take care of that accounting thing or what?
what
Now listen, I don't want you're gonna keep saying that and then you're gonna let it slide. I'm like nothing slide
You are you see you used to be as reliable as or as the rocket your broader and now you're already so care of it
Fasting. I thought you said you didn't do it and then I did what you did tell her about the race
I went and talked to my department head and he said he would take care of it. Oh him. I thought you said you took care of it
That's what you're supposed to do
Give your department head
If you must
We kept with the thought of it just makes me want to vomit. Okay. Just makes me want to go on a balcony
It's pretty damn close
Ark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M
Only 41 left
How do you like that?
We had a hundred certificates and we sold 59 and about 90 seconds
There was a blue
32 left
Oh right
Things that you won't
And anymore
Things all this
It you
I'm dying on the hand
23 left they're going like hot keeps
You
Then your face turn no white
By
You
And I'm watching TV
I have to sit
All his
Whenever
Star
Nine
And I look at all those chicks
I wish I knew
If they blew
Well
Oh, which one
You
Six
How do you like that in about three and a half minutes we got six left out of a hundred are you impressed
Not too shabby what's with George now? I'm a muffled food. I think you made me say man
I think you're right. He's out. I died
I want to help do you have any idea what a feeling it is to be sitting here 1200 miles away and say hey
That's pretty good. Hi. Aren't you excited about that?
Very good and like
How about full of mango? Yeah, you had a mouthful. All right
That's what we said
Very fresh mango here too on the salad really
All sorts of mistakes who is a very popular place and everybody has been there at least a hundred times
And there's only four left out of a hundred
We'll sell those out. I don't even have to like push this one. Thank God. Thank you folks
All the we're doing you the favor, you know
$15 certificates for just 25 bucks good place to go during the holidays
Two as a matter of fact or only three now or you can give away his gift everybody will want to go there only three solemnate trace
Boy
Well, there must be somebody listening out there. Let me tell you that right now mr. Jolly Joe
Well, we don't care about the ratings. All right. Well then what is it all about?
About the fact that you don't like old Jews is that what the deal is huh?
Moe and Eddie and Hank and the Neil we don't like those fat old Jews and Eddie and even fat
How do you like that?
Want me to say something? I think it's I think it's a goiish thing. I think it's a right wing goiish thing
Speaking of politics just two weeks until the Iowa caucuses the democratic presidential candidates appear to be in a dead heat in
Iowa
According to a new CNN opinion research corporation pool every day they got a new pool
And then we just have one yesterday that said swallory was like oh, that was New Hampshire
30% of likely Iowa Democratic caucus goers support swallory
Barack Obama is about 28 and Janet wits 26 or you talk about tight new pool release this morning
swallory 30
Barack Obama 28 and Janet wits 26
With the pool sampling error at plus or minus 4 percentage points. It's a virtual tie
New Mexico governor Bill Richardson's at 7% with their remaining democratic candidates all need lower
Single digits kind of like Joel Feinberg station over there. They oh lower. Oh, oh, oh, oh
You never called Norma Kent back by the way Joel Feinberg
So you like to say he likes to pretend put on a good act, you know
Called and left me a message and he called left normal message and then when Norma tries to call him back twice he doesn't return to call
So do you think he's really serious? No, I can use that word of course not
In addition to which I don't want to work for you and I don't want to work for another sports nerd station
Ten years. We've been prisoners of a bunch of sports jocks sniffing jocks sucking idiots. It's pathetic
On the republicans side in Iowa
33% of likely GOP caucus scores support former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee. Oh my god that far bison
Former message uses governor Mick Romney comes in second to 25 points and Rudy Giuliani with a mere 11%
John McCain and Fred Thompson are tied at nine and for that idiot that called me yesterday. Are you afraid of Ron Paul Neal?
He's got six percent
six percent
With the rest of the republican field in the lower single digits
How do you like that?
Ron Paul just the internet the phenom is all he is and he can raise all the money in the world go on
Send us some send us some Ronnie boy send us some of that six million new raised over the weekend
Right we'll take it
We have a good time with it
How are we doing on the a thing there Chris?
Four left I checked when I go
Mine says zero
Oh
Mine says they're all gone and once they're gone my god says zero to yeah, you you're so you are pathetic
You're so negative man somebody needs to come in here and slap you around a little bit
I know just a guy to do it jolly joe bill will come that's okay. That's because you work on a show he hates you. I'm sure
Not a personal thing. It's just because you're associated George will tell you anybody associated with this show poison
Like a lover. Yeah, right condemn you to attack to a dead man walking
Oh, now we're back to four. Yeah, some rejects
So we had well, that's not so bad because you know
So we thought we were sold out and now there's four more
So if you were trying to get on there and get the issue was to deal we got four left there for you
Pretty quick action though. I think when you know on one with it's good in the popular
It's why they had some popular place and the food is delicious and what's not to like
WQ a m hello
In the other group you are
Yeah, I'm kind of a phony voice is that
I'm a phony voice is that Reverend George. Yeah
WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Yes, good morning. Good morning. Yes sir. Good evening. No, we want to fix fan you are. I was just watching the finance
Kind of he and the staff about to unveil a new one hundred thousand dollar
Yeah
Okay, go buy me one. Okay, go buy me one get out there and get a phone that works
He's talking about something that sells for a hundred grand. He can't even afford a damn cell phone networks
Schmuck want to be five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty on the Verizon singular wireless line lots of openings in the hotel. Baby. It's pretty slim and grim because it's
Five days before Christmas plus we're almost out of business here anyway. You know, that's the way they want it
So Peter Brown's gonna replace the Humper
And I have no why you know I'm not gonna sit here and make any comment. I read that thing online
I looked they could have all been great comments. You know, I still would have read them
They could have all been very glowing and adoring and blowing and but they weren't a lot in the but you know
You know what I always say about those people that do those online commentaries like the chatroom crowd
Which amiss fits
How we do with those four I know I want to get that over let me refresh three
Oh
Trace we got three left
They'll go fast trust me WQ I am hello. Hey now. Yes, sir
Hey, buddy, you should go on vacation for the rest of the year and my George takeover
Yeah, let's do
Uh-huh
When you're a people man, you probably hold out again probably at the roller skating room waiting for you all right
He's got a thing for you does he?
I'm sure you've seen some of those before. Well, I hope it's a big one. Sold out. It says oh Jesus. I can't believe George said that
Sold out now. Is that the official sold out sign or is that not officially yet? No
Okay, it's like it's a track waiting till the official sign goes up and then we'll let you know
The biggest name
You am
Just too young
A bitch named joy said no
Took away our sound effects don't give up
Haven't fart since then
She wants to
And the only show that gets the bills paid gave up haven't parted since then
Will show you anything it takes to defend and validate the behavioral corporate rhetoric
Haven't parted since then
She'll go as far as soon as so to make our life was stinking
You gave up
Don't do this and don't say that unless you're a hardcore sport or bad
Have a
When what floats in the toilet hole is what she knows about radio
She wants to destroy our show gave up
Have a parted since then
You gave up
Have a parted since then
Bad
Prop 16 at 560 WQM so anyway here's there from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel online the data on this one is
November 30th of 2006 November 30 last year
Yeah, what he was talker Peter Brown the highest profile personality on radio station
WS SPAM was fired Thursday
Brown said he was extremely surprised to get the news about 130 PM when he was preparing to handle his regular two to six PM shift at the station
Brown said he'd been talking with the general manager before left on Thanksgiving holiday
The two discussed the terms of the third year of Brown's contract an option year for both parties
I was under the impression we were working on that Brown said
Brown joined the station in January
2005 when it was trying to build its new sports talk format and competition with w.a.ukam
Which was the only all-talk sports station in town
WS SP is owned by intercom a company from Pennsylvania which owns radio stations in
22 markets brown city wasn't given a reason for this missile
Ryan McGuire the program director of WS SP announced his departure in a news release
Thursday afternoon
I don't have any more comment than when I put in a release McGuire said in a phone interview
McGuire asked why was asked why brown was fired
I continue there certainly are a multitude of factors that go in any type of decision like this McGuire said
about a respect certainly for Peter and for the company
I'd love to those to remain private I'm not liberty to talk about those
what I will say is Peter is a professional who's been doing sports radio for a long time
I wish him no ill-real at all all of us wish him the very best of what will probably be a
continuing broadcast career brown 41 suspects his salary might have been initial for a station that
doesn't generate big ratings numbers I make a lot more than a lot of other people brown said
they've had a program director change if he had all those things up you know what I mean
yeah what do you mean brown said it was pleased with the quality of national sports figures he was
able to deliver to his show I thought I was starting to hit my stride in Milwaukee brown said
I really like to market a lot I had a lot of the smart sports fans I was starting to pick up speed
people were starting to warm to what I do but you're fired at it brown worked at 2 to 6 p.m.
slot on weekdays an hour of a show we played from 6 to 7 p.m. oh boy the high energy brown
native of New York who resides in suburban Chicago was the only sports talk personality
on local radio I had much experience on the national level brown has worked for both the
s.p.n. radio and sporting news radio remember the anxious sporting news radio that we used to
carry overnight yeah Chris yeah and even George remembers that and we're officially sold out
it's official we sold out of the school of school right clearance once in a while you got that
article you were reading earlier about what about that guy that we haven't hired I just got through
reading another one I know but he wanted to know where you got it I thought I think you just
googled somebody all right why is it too late too late for what no they haven't heard anybody you said
yeah well where do you get that Chris what do you mean they haven't hired anybody it's a 20th of
December Chris what would you get that article I think it's an article it's all I know
well you listen to me if he if you knew how to run a computer for crack I wanted to just go
online and Google Peter Brown but anyway so I'll maybe watch that's what I told him
December 8 2006 and it's written by somebody I don't know written by somebody anyway oh I don't know
Peter Brown checks in that's the name of the come there you go clearance see leave it to me
I'm on top of crap even stupid sports crap so what I'm sure when you told him about that
the pay situation did they send my man my check out yes that's all I want take care of it he said
he would take care of it send me money clearance send me money now okay five six seven oh five sixty
in a big bag in a big suitcase okay I will not give it to you just like that two million
dollars that Michael was supposed to leave for Hyman Roth in in Havana if the suitcases on the
table I know I have a partner if it's not I don't remember that yes and Frato brought
the suitcase with a two million dollars in a hard-cold cash to Havana you know Frato who didn't
know what Johnny Ola right I never got a QAM hello hey no yes sir you know what Joe
Gold is going to find out real quick that it's the talent that brings on the money right
Joe Bell doesn't know squat that's true and if he ever if he ever did you'd feel it
yeah there you go oh that's planned you want me to a little bit of a little bit of it
not the whole thing then one of the oldies I like hearing the old proto-bubber Brian
producing yeah back before it became such a revenge what do best have that actually
waiting for the rich Hathio keyboard supporting his life okay that's enough for that
let's get to all these calls oh there aren't any oh too bad five six seven oh five
sixteen here's George that guy wanted you on out of the end of the year I want to go on vacation
so he can have something to listen to he doesn't want to listen to some fat old Jew fag on here
bitching in moment about working for a bunch of lunatics and screaming and carrying on he don't want to hear
that now what was it that you were I guess other than the uh roll the roll or crank yeah seven
thirty five well I don't know what it was laughing gas that's what we changed that to laughing gas
all right on the pool is that what you changed it to I just put laughing that's on there we'll
have them come by each while we got twilight gas and laughing gas a lot of gas I sure hope
the joy still find out five six seven oh five sixty last call for calls baby then I'm playing music
till two o'clock all right I'm gonna spin some wax five six seven oh five sixty and pound five
sixty and they Verizon singular wireless language your solo sure certificates out I mean a hundred of them
liking about what ten fifteen minutes fourteen minutes wow I'm impressed how do you like that
deal good spider that's schmuck that wants to uh by nine your nipples George oh well that's what he
wants takes out how many QA and hello okay that was it that was the call congressman Bobby
Wexler indicated he hoped he'd received at least fifty thousand signatures of support online when
he announced along with the house judiciary committee colleagues his intention to bring me for
that body the subject of impeaching George W Bush and Dick Cheney since that initial announcement
support has reached levels that enable Wexler to double his initial expectation as he just passed
a hundred thousand mark he's now hopeful of receiving two hundred and fifty thousand signatures
of support and his ever to anticipate initiating action before the end of the year you go Bobby there's
a good guy Bobby Wexler it's significant to note that when congressman Wexler approached the
mainstream media by running his announcement as an op ed piece that he was spurned by those stalwarts
of the mainstream media the New York Times the LA Times the Washington Post the Boston Globe and USA
today perhaps those prestigious publications were mythed Wexler for not supplying something
currently newsworthy about the exports of Britney Spears of Paris Hilton rather than concerning
himself with saving the US Constitution and American democracy the only mainstream publication
going to print Wexler's vital message was the leading newspaper in the some state of Florida
the Harold which ran an edited version of his op ed and it's led into the under section
the anxious hero I wonder if LA Breffer had some to do with that don't call here Ellie ever
it is time for the people this is a bill here in Smirking Chip time for the people to take a
stand and ignore the tear to step into the voices of the Joe Klein's Tom Friedman's and George
Wills and United Winter Regime of the seat and corruption in which the US Constitution has been
more than trashed and assaulted it's been removed from the current system of government which
neo-conmarauders hijacked democracy and substituted an orderly inversion of suppression of the many by the
few past 100,000 years going to get over and get the Zidane signatures on it carry champion
who may or may not have accidentally uttered a curse word over the year last month lost your
job November 20 but after lobbying for the station publicly and privately WGCL TV is giving
her a second chance thanks god she's back on the air January 7th no longer doing weekend anchor
work and since it'll be reported with the 930 AM to 630 PM weekday shift in mid November she
champion said what some thought was an astie profanity when she didn't realize the mic was on
she later told Richard Price of the mainland institute she actually said mother Saka but admitted
even that was problematic they thought she said mother F.A. Scratcher right but she said she made
a mistake but felt she didn't deserve to be fired over based on the audio I heard right
to ever wrote this it could go either way like a lot of people we know could go either way
at 11 p.m. I received a black very message from her for the first time it says but she didn't
want to talk till 10 a.m. Thursday so update this blog what she calls well we'll see maybe we
have an update from Felix the cat WQ I am hello Neil can you hear me yeah I hear you can you hear
me yeah I can hear you that's the way this thing works I have to say that you've heard
the other things but I think you said what you said the other day about how you've been on the
air I'm cheering him for 10 years and how 10 years is too long too long an Astro
it's a hundred I mean think about all the things that have changed in 10 years I mean when you
first started you know what was the morning so we first started do you remember the worst team
so you had Joe Rose and Deetle and Geldie Geldie yeah you had half a dozen
carnations you know I knew you had you know all kinds of different things in front of you and
you look instead and they still want to dump you yeah who needs that aggregation you don't
say not me not me screw him screw him and so on that's what I say so I'm in screw him not
a cell in that order so that screw the talent that seems to be the current rage going into
business oh we don't want to pay anybody okay even though that shows making us millions of dollars
we don't want it we don't want it we don't want it 740 on the pool and nobody misunderstand I
sure sell them up trying to like pressure them and like making me offer I can't refuse because I
I will refuse not that they would do it anyway I don't want no part of it you know if I'm not
wanted I get the message right me a check I'll disappear at two o'clock in fact I'll disappear
at like 1227 right it's a best talent for his new projects 4.560 QAM
and the sports leader
down to 6.7 that's what you think about 5 hours and 8.10
5.8
when William Shatner starts singing even Star Trek fans start buying earplugs and now they'll be
trying to escape at warf speed from his new holiday album William Shatner warps Christmas
on the first day of Christmas my true love being up to me a dribble in a battery get the
thing out of him as soon as William Shatner warps Christmas is filled with beloved dual-tied songs
destroyed as only captain Kirk can destroy them shit up roasting on an open fire clean on
us ripping off your nose out the hurt out there if you want to explore a really strange new world
that's Christmas listen to what William Shatner does to jolly old Saint Nicholas
jolly old let's just bust then your boy to be is this way don't you tell a single soul
but I'm going to say we're totally surrounded by popular warships it's the holiday CD that'll
make you want to sit your phaser on kill William Shatner warps Christmas okay 1232 at 560 W
to QM happy Christmas Mary a new year in the Mary Mary remember very very no you know you still
ever saw that movie and I ever said to that movie nope I'll fall down will I'll be damned
fine hour and eight cent that's where beastly BBGI song right now it's down to set today and
been dropping like a rock of late I think that's an all-time low five away that's great
see if I was one of those people at home that's like I'd get rid of it right now man I would like it
was on fire you know I mean like my hands were burning it burns that's how fast I would dump that
crap that's just me you know what do I know five oh eight oh god can you can you imagine that
they want it's like about eight cent no would make my it would just brighten the cockles of my heart
five six seven the phone is just dead is it or not and it will be on till you know a next Wednesday
is boxing day I know you don't want to go through that again let's still don't get it at boxing
days it well now it's all commercial I mean it's even more commercial and Christmas all the stores all
the big names doors have the big sales on boxing day and people just go crazy they'll
open the morning at four o'clock in the morning and they go nuts it's a European and Canadian thing
boxing day a Catholic priest charged with indecent exposure after jogging naked in the pre-dawn
darkness remember that story from Gaby Colorado has pleaded not guilty and asked for a jury trial
the Reverend Robert Whipkey was arrested June 22 in a Frederick Colorado after an officer
saw him walking naked at 4.35 in the morning Whipkey told police he jogged naked because he
sweats profusely if he wears clothing according to a arrest report the archdiocese said Whipkey
was investigated for inappropriate personal behavior more than eight years ago when his pastor
in the sterling the archdiocese said the incident didn't involve physical or sexual contact with
another individual but gave no other details that was the guy that wanted the kid to bring his
the jog strap and the jar of gasoline right and bring his back home that's the father yeah and
a priest who was ahead of a Catholic school and filtered all his been accused of stealing 900
thousand dollars the Reverend Charles Newman was president of archbishop Brian high school from
July 2002 November 2003 prosecutors say he stole 331 grand from the school and more than a half
a million from his religious orderly Franciscan friars I wonder if he's kin to friartuck
he was charged today with six council felony theft charges and a kind of felony forgery
prosecutors said Newman was dismissed from the school of umber 2003 actor officials became suspicious
oh a little bit slow it's now December 2007 four years later aha well there were suspicious
you know w.a.m. hello five six seven oh five sixty did you like the deep breath out of the sound
like it might have been in one of the last oh my cup put me to today wow all the old cockers all the
time those are the only people are sitting around by the phone now everybody else is out schlepping
and chopping and doing stuff you know maybe you ought to do screenless between now and two what do
you think that's a little bit too long though i like i like the idea of the one to two hour you know
but you know maybe maybe a little bonus still isn't going to make any difference because there's no
there's no available callers now you know we'll give it a try don't answer him Chris you sure
are you sure yeah okay why do you want to answer are you Jones now you are standing
I'm not showing to answer for you to probably get into the swing of it now
if you like to call your missing out on right here yeah
yeah yeah I mean why would you want to hear that oh I find it now let me ask you when you're
screening they don't do that because then they can't get it they do oh yeah they don't they don't
they don't care they just want to yell they don't differentiate they just want to they just
dying for somebody to uh they're reading they're reaching out man for a human ear
wnaqa and like the father was for a human rear qa and hello hello yes sir uh me
oh i was listening to the uh was listening to uh had gober last night he said that's not the
petite dog coming off here in a couple uh we've several days and he said that you you were being
forced out to or something how much longer how much longer are you on for a year oh so you're
for a while maybe and maybe not oh man whoa one thing about South Florida man the faces
made change and the asses made change but the ambiance is always exactly the same absolutely
wqa and hello Neil yes sir hey uh it amuses me how many people are you know worried about you when
I'm not worried I know the legendary Neil Rogers will land on his feet no matter what then uh
you know anybody doesn't realize that you know they don't realize they don't realize yeah I mean it's
yeah it's not like you're gonna have a trouble finding a new job somewhere you know and maybe the
best thing that ever happened you guys amen that's the only thing you said that I want to hear it's
the best thing that ever happened is being forced off of my did-ass and just keep extending and
extending isn't for more punishment from the beesleys okay all this crap folk of rhyme can't
get paid and the engineer can't get paid they don't want to fix the equipment they don't want to
put up any promotion they don't want it if we don't want that's the motto of the bee's lee we don't
want it whatever makes sense in a business sense we don't want nobody in the history and I'm sure
there are plenty of people listening to me right now who works for this company and they're all
going yeah right on Neil you know they're not gonna call in but they know what I'm talking about
we've had many of those people call in and all female people who are familiar with the the
hanky spanky that this company passes off as like a business practice
754 votes heroin only nine thank god I wonder which one of these jolly jow voted for huh maybe they're
laughing gas oh oh I don't want to keep reminding you but I'll do it again anyway you were right yes
within a matter of weeks within just a matter of weeks I was under this Sebastian and I told you
phony baloney backslabbing backstabbing phony baloney a paper tiger can't decide which hand
a wipe is asked with can't make any decisions in that company oh well joys is up the corporate
joys I'll let you talk to her right I got it gives me a song in the dance on our first phone call
about how we should be able to play the fart sounds then as soon as I start playing oh well I didn't
really mean go ahead and play him I mean that's just my opinion the over the biggest name
over all farce the earth rock the
the guy is falling
yeah out of mouth road and run down jack you got the two of them and then they're right
and tap his back doesn't sell up fray in the christian way after hanging up the failure that they thought was gay
life like a rebel the south gonna do it some man for it's bad days you lay your boat
come on I can fit in the fine church go and dress his leg at his foot at the first back the
church of the south of greens they got the life cranking out that's the third of me so life
like a rebel the south gonna do it some man for it's head so freak out stay in like a cradle hit down
breathe as much as you're able to pull around you made a sister looks good and be proud
and do like Jesus would life like like a rebel while the south gonna do it some man for it's head
and it's in that dance it's christian run well you know the gay the road to the end bread and
dog can't spell a word that's bigger than four it makes the votes on you and votes the name of their
lord education is a devil and the south gonna do it some man for it's head
because today is coming down the truck before this fine with the food old boys and gals
taking their lives can't get any government's other fried craze for the troubles and
erie
wow
we
It's 12.45 at 5.60 WQAM. Your sports manure station where we spread it thick and we spread
it thin. We just keep spreading it. Kind of like Larry Craig, he says he's got a wide
stance when he's on the pod. Do you see that? Mm-hmm. He has a wide stance. He's in legs wide
open, baby. Just in case something good comes by. 759 votes on a pool. I think you're 800
days in. I think so too. I think I picked a good number, man. It's okay. I didn't pick
no 900. Well, it's five days before Christmas. If these people don't have something else,
you know, we're going on in that. Then God helped them and God helped us and... Damn, God!
WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing, brother? Great. Good, good. Hey, I got
a little skyward for this morning. I heard you were wanting stuff to a quarter-slot guy.
Is that true? Or I'm just... I said we wanted to kill a quarter-slot guy. That's what
I said. Schmuck. A deal. I said we'd like to put your head in a vice and we'd like to have
percolise come along. You just squeeze it. So your head was a size of a BB. Don't be hatred.
Show the love of it to Christmas science. Love your ass, okay? Love your ass. Stick your head in it and have a
good time. We hate you. We despise you. We, the whole audience would like to just pound you silly.
With a baseball bat, with a brick quarter-slot guy. I heard you want to talk to
there. No, we want you to go away, but that means you won't. We want you to die. Die, die, inu.
567, we're doing screen listen. It's still really desperate. See what I mean? When you
hear close to these, there go, show holidays, man. It's a go, show belt. That's what Hank
says. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know.
Florida Paul shows Huckabee ewacceptable how you like that man. The Goyomer will just go nuts. The Goyomer will just go nuts. The Goyomer will just go nuts. The Goyomer will just go nuts. Republican presidential candidate. My Huckabee's. Mac weekly Nikah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah. My Huckabee's break nycah
A strong showing by Huckabee in the January 29th primary could up and Giuliani was counting
out a route in Florida to carry him through other large states, building a week later,
the New York mayor is the closest Florida has to a hometown candidate.
Right.
There are some buildings and advantages that will be difficult for Huckabee to overcome
said Florida House Speaker Marco Rubio, who endorsed the former Governor of Arkansas last
week, could even be in striking distance to Giuliani, would be a huge victory for any
of the candidates in a huge bloated Giuliani.
Huckabee's challenge makeup for the months that rivals Giuliani, Romney Thompson,
the McCain have spent positioning staff, mobilizing volunteers, and tapping donors around
Florida and do it in six weeks.
Oh yeah, he's got to get all those born again, boy, a man.
Of course there's a lot of them in Florida.
It's a Bible, Bible, Thump, and Yehu state, as if anybody doesn't know that.
All the Jews jammed into Boker and all the Cubans jammed into the county and other, well,
of course, you know, your people.
If it's a Republican, they like it.
We like it.
We like him.
We don't care.
Of course, if he was Catholic, they'd like him even better.
You know, if he had like a bunch of rosary beads that I'd cross, like Dracula, like
if I had a Helsing, maybe some wolf, you couldn't hurt.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
Wouldn't it be good if it could be wind?
Because no, he can't win the presidency.
Too much of a religious villain.
Yeah, right.
That's what you think.
You know, that's thought crossed by mine, but you know, something never count demagoguers
out in America.
He's pulling well in all the Yahoo stage, right?
Yeah, like Florida.
Exactly.
Well, we just all luck.
Okay.
Good luck to you, sir.
Okay.
Don't be so sacrilegious of this time of year.
Okay.
Oh, wait.
And a manger that child is laying there and, yeah.
And Yosuke wonders how they got there.
Because Joseph and Mary, they didn't do no hanky spanky.
Because Joseph was gay.
Wouldn't that make the story a little bit more believable, do you think?
I mean, that's saying a story about the virgin.
How many religions had that before?
105,000?
Yeah.
All the stories are very important.
And the sewers, tenor, all that.
And the crucifixion and the returning.
Oh, my God.
And all these fairy tales continue living on through the centuries, through the ages, because
it's big, big tax exempt business.
768 in the pool.
Come on.
Let's get to 800.
And then we then we fly from there.
You'll see.
Dominic Q.A.
And hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I can't talk to you.
Speaking.
Hello, Neil.
Hello, caller.
Are they going to, uh, when a small radio station is off board to finally pick you up,
are they going to allow you to tell us where you're going?
Like they got a choice.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Uh, Neil, you're the best bug.
Yes, I am.
Okay, see you, pal.
I feel like I'm going to be on here assuming that we finish out the whole year.
There were, although I have my doubts.
I don't know.
Who knows?
I mean, like I said at the beginning of the show, if you think it's been on the show,
it's been on pleasant last several days, a couple of weeks, whatever it's been, it's going
to become a lot more unpleasant.
I would imagine because once they get sued, they're going to say, oh, geez, we can't let
you stay on here.
Well, why not?
Why the hell not?
I mean, they could, you know, just give me a long vacation and just keep paying me.
Yeah, bro.
What?
They're not going to do that.
No, they're not because you know what, uh, Jolly Joe said and what Bruce Beasley says, oh,
no, we're not going to pay Neil one dime for not working.
Okay?
We're going to pay, blah, blah, blah, blah.
We'll be right.
So just let me stay on here and crucify your stupid ass.
How do you like that $5.8?
Beginning of the year, BBGI, Beasley Stuck was about nine bucks, nine and a half.
And suddenly, in recent days, it's taken a precipitous slide about a week ago with $750,
and now it's $5.8.
And it's dropping like a rock, man, like people are just petrified.
I mean, who that would want to invest in people who do business like this.
And that line to Hank about well we don't care it's not about ratings
Yeah, well what the hell is it about then fed as jolly Joe if it's not about ratings in revenue then what could it possibly be about?
It's about the way I'm hello
Deal yes, sir. Hey
Just want to say thank you for the many years
I drive for a living and a surreal shame that you're going up the air pali
I'm going off the air
Oh, I hear you you're leaving ancient leaving this station that doesn't mean I'm going off the air
Well, if you happen to resurface in South Florida somewhere, I'll listen to you if not good luck to you
Best of luck. Thank you so much to you. Oh, I am going off the air right. I'm not going anywhere
I'm gonna work until I croak and of course these people are trying to accelerate that process. That's the problem
I don't know what to tell you deal
Oh, I don't know what to tell you and you know
He never had the co-hons to respond to my couple of emails that I sent him so I won't waste my time sending anymore
Because he's fineless and gulless and a coward and a liar and a backstabber and a bloody piece of theory
I don't know how that got on the air clearance. Let's go have a conference about it
Oh, and nothing ever followed up on it. I did it on that pay your bills
I mean what what could be possibly objectionable about that? It's all true. It's embarrassing
But it's all true. They don't pay their bills. They don't pay people. They don't fix the equipment. They don't live up to their contracts
They suck
And they make life miserable for everybody who tries to collect the paycheck that last that last
Fiasco they had
That one is never going to escape my memory until the day they stick my ass in a box and turn it that right now
And there's people like poor George and
Chris and everybody in the building the little people
Well, you should be glad you're the pay isn't due for another five days anyway technically
So you should be glad you're gonna check it all
Ah, isn't that basically the altitude? Yes pretty much
That sucks
I wonder what time their show is on how many people tune into the WDQM because the beesle zone or because
Joyce's the corporate attorney or because Bruce beesle is a sports nerd who sniffs jobstrap's in the spirit time
WDQA and hello Q a m ola
No, yes, sir
I wish I could spend my Christmas fishing with Susan Gray. Yeah, great WQA and hello
We will follow you wherever yeah, but Q a m hello
Meal what is the Louis and Connie doing these days? Who?
Louis and Connie oh, yeah, come to the Q a m hello
Yes, Neil yes, are you sure? Rose's friend? What does that mean?
Yeah, I'm the kind of explanation and apology for the idiom that's going on in the morning with him and Jack is smack and smack and all of it
773 I love your words. Okay, Joe's a good guy
Good broadcasted to when he isn't just doing eight million spots and they're being settled with whatever that is
773 I think we got the 800 look maybe even 850 you never know. Let's not the set our sights too high
You know because they're a couple of chunks now
We did a phenomenal job on the Schulter steaks who certificates by the way
We sold out a hundred and about how long 14 minutes correct? Wow a hundred not 50 like we do some weeks but a hundred
All I can say is
I'm really impressed
You believe me? No, no, you know WQ a m hello. Neil yes sir
You know the wobbles down with the dolphin to practice in
The WQ a m hello
WQ a m hello
Yeah
Okay, now by instinct I reach for the button. I'm sure you will
Done okay, I'm by inside it and I thought it would work or anything like that
What the hell I should have done
You're 560 Q a m
The fourth leader
The doer
Hey, look honey. It's a politically correct garylar. Oh how nice
And by white we don't mean Caucasian and by Christmas we mean winter holidays
And by no we don't mean to assume that we know more than you
You
Is that all right?
Unless they're hearing impaired then we respectfully direct your attention to Barry who's signing over there by your mailbox
You hear
Slay bells that were made by union workers and not in sweatshops in Indonesia, Mexico or Thailand
And
God's people are knowing gosh, I'll say that's a good talk
Right one o'clock at 560 WQ. I'm happy holidays to you happy Thursday
We have mad dog on today too now. Let me take a look at that schedule. So we got the Peter Brown is coming or not. Did he deny that?
Uh, he denied that anyone has been hired for that position. Yes
It's the 20th of December. Hanks last show is like the December 31th a week from what next month. Oh, why does that surprise you?
You've gone to this before here. Yeah, we have gone to this before where they're so very late things.
Limbo shows when you do it that way you always wind up with the best talent out there. Right. Maybe they're going to have a series of auditions
Oh my god
Maybe they find somebody who worked cheaper than Peter Brown because he said something that in the walkie story about how maybe a salary at something to do with his getting can
It looks to me like this guy who's gotten canned everywhere he's ever worked. I couldn't be wrong about that
Remember we once had a guy that was candid
He ever worked before and boy he sure stirred up a lot of crap man. Sure missing. Remember the day that yeah, you know something those were better days
Those were better days one of the first calls I ever had from jolly joebell was hello Neil joebell
More how are how are david's done his last show on wq way? I remember that it like like he was bragging about you know
We miss you mo. I mean, you know you were you sucked on the air and you were an idiot, but nevertheless
At least it was some fun
It was like some life something going on other than just give me the ball give me the ball. Let's go out to camp. Let's go
You know, oh my god. Let's go out to practice because it makes perfect and what about the big tuna
We're doing screenless by the way it isn't helping like utility wouldn't this hour
56705 60 pound 560 and they've rised in singular wireless line
Wtq. I am hello
2 a.m
That was it that was the one mom for getting about the delay those thing
That even a delay right just wait let's wait quietly. Let's wait for one the delay to catch up. Oh well always good this one
I love you. Yeah, we love you. Yeah, you're a moron. You're an imbecile. You're an lunatic. You're an overgrown child overgrown infant
They know that, huh, but nevertheless
At least do they're anyway
And by the way jolly joe your private investigator did a phenomenal job in cleaning up our phone situation
You did a spectacular you know one thing about him
He's consistent everything he did was a failure everything
I mean nobody's perfect right except jolly joe
Wtq. I am hello
Yes, sir. How are you okay?
Big spy report. Yeah
790 Bellas are traded their whole crisis party out last night. No guests invited just a fluffy staff. Oh poor baby
And that incredible. Yeah, well that's your fine bird for him. He's probably got a lot of
Lot of them cause for beating up his girlfriend, you know, he's too much man
Also
They're a CFO told their sale people they're in big trouble do their resumes. They're not coming payroll first of year
I like it likely stir come on happy to
Like please stir I dump that
See good. Yeah, that's just an old jumper. I could do it. Somebody try to stir up a bunch of crap
I mean they could be right but nevertheless never less. We don't want to how do I can we verify that you know
566 just some sour pus over there. So another worst in sour grapes, you know
I mean it's nothing that legitimate sour grapes like we do because we've done a job job. I mean what are the people that over there
What are they accomplished over there besides having that bogus July
And that's sui crap, you know
Pretty sad commentary when that's the best that they can bring to the table and of course, did the kid wow
That it sounded like him without the accent
Wtq a and hello and he'll try to find Glenn and Miramar. You know, where's that?
Yeah, he's the the shooting range okay. Go shoot him
Wtq a and hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I just wanted to say. I don't really have any material
I just wanted to say that I've been a big fan of your show for a long time and I love Georgia show too
How are you doing George? Yeah, and I just wanted to say good luck in the future. I know you got one more year left
But uh
There's got to be something better down the road buddy. So don't let these but holes
Get on your nerves just tell them to keep the money coming and I'm out of shit. Hey man like I said before I'll say it again
drop us do's and drop out
Joe's
Oh
56705 60 pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line
786 on your pull crispy that 800 lick easy. You're all right
Wtq a and hello
Yes, sir every time this year I get Christmas linkage. I don't know how to stop it
Yeah, that's what the book sounds good
So where did you get that focus information about Peter Brown his parents denying it if it's if he's denying it that means it's probably true
He came in all the food was in here to get his uh his slice of meat or whatever like that and he has where he got some food
He wanted to note yes, I think I don't know. I was too busy paying attention to my food
I wasn't paying attention to him or that article you were reading so I didn't know how do you let him have food?
um
I didn't let him have any food see the foods all in the studio over there on the other side of the equipment from me
And he can I get mine and what's going on on the other side of my mind? I don't care. I don't think he got any actually whatever
So do you want to hear the story? Yeah, I'm listening
So he comes in and asks where did Neil get that article about Peter Brown is that his name? Yes, and I said
I don't know and because he's got it from fuck Brown. All right
And I said we haven't hired anybody and I said all right whatever. I don't care
That was it. Well, that's not what Chris says now. Who do you believe Chris or the source that Chris had or
Clarence I'm paying no attention to any of it. Yeah, well you don't care anyway. It's right your hard-ass. I don't care
Not everybody Q a m. Hello. Yes. I want to just kiss it. Neil. Yeah, just this WQ a m. Hello
Q a m. Hello
Q a m. Uh, Neil. Yes. Hey, how are you? Okay. Hey look um, there's uh, I like your fault today
But there's two two two things that you guys forgot
One is called Jen Ken um look that off George
Um, and the other one's
Okay, tell me later fan fan. I think is what he's saying
What he said I have no idea. No, I don't worry about it
And I still say there's no such thing as that uh, what is it?
Or we we change it tonight for you. I got rid of it
See because one day the reason that I put that together is when uh you go to a dentist
Don't they sometimes say do you want the twilight anesthesia is that not something that uh, I've never heard that
Okay, well, I've never had the pleasure in a dentist office
But I've heard that that's what it's called
So I think that's the reason that that is off is either and if you saw my illness you'd understand why what you need to do with that
I guess no, I got a great dentist in matter of fact. He's an old Russian guy old Russian Jew. He's great
Do you want to know his name? Yeah, no. Come any Q a m. Hello
Yeah, I want you to play down great. So I'll kick your ass. Yeah, I guess well
Yes, yeah, I told you that's the same guy. Sure. No, there's one on there put it on there
Frankie Lime and the teenager guy got a new at least he's got new routine though
WDQ a m hello
WQ a m hello
Yeah, that was Joe
Let me ask you something um given the fact that these people have trouble paying do you think that there's an option that they're actually going to buy you out like past it?
Could be no
Probably not probably not
Probably not
No, probably not
Probably not
So that well these people don't have any shame Northenders, this thing about not paying people I've been screaming about that for years on here and they just like uh, you know, they bite their tongue and let it bleed
They don't want to pay why would they want to pay if I'm working they don't want to pay me if I'm working why they want to pay me for not working well
Yeah, but the the the recourses are sit there and have them you know have you ripped them every day for the rest of your year
Well, that's right. That's right. Well, which is what happened with Paxton you were on you know in a pack
So we got tired of listening to you we rip him and then finally they bought your contract out well from your mouth to their ass
Right, and then what happens is George in the interim, you know like the rightist right the big guys are paying the little guys
He's got to go what the work as a delivery driver for a while right that sounds like a possibility
I'm handling cardboard sign on right five. I was dairy overpass. That's terrible man. You don't have the same contract
I have a big hat. He could be like the sit-in chupacabra
My contract says that they can fire me beat me and I still have to pay them
That's unbelievable. So even if they bow at Niels contract you're you're just whatever you just don't worry about George
I take care of everybody
Don't worry about him. He's not going to miss any meal. I'll follow you wherever you go
I've been a month. I'll use since it's hurricane Andrew
What I first send into you back in iod days and I'll follow you around wherever you are. Thanks a lot
Thanks see this is the way it works in radio and that is that if you have something if you got a loyal large audience
They do follow you. That's what happened. That's why they wanted me on the station in the first place
Greg to his credit cut and pasted everything that he liked from iod the whole sports department and you
I
Mean from a m to f m back to a m from a morning to a nighttime the midday from you know all of these things
All of these things and their damn few of us in in history this market who you can do that
You know that's why the reconcilencing was so sad
Because I think rich has thought they did you just went on a year and automatically the iod the audience would be there
And they get a number and guess what?
Share value is that a bit bad. By the way, if you were doing the recon such show they might have followed that's correct
But he wasn't doing it. He was being the stock market maven
but you're like that
And you know after being a goofball on the year and sometimes a funny one you know for all those years and all of a sudden
He's gonna have credibility talking about the stock
Share value my ass
oh
I always step on it last the little shmurkler but maybe i know i've done a better job
That's because of not any hurry. I'm just sitting here very quietly mighty man. I'm business being a good boy
12 minutes after one at five sixty wq a
uh
Burnin down the Christmas tree at the Christmas party
back
yelling and screaming and hollering everybody's pretty trash
Burnin down the Christmas tree then really even ourselves outside
Later we'll pull up fire alarm then run like hell and hide
Help yourself got two full kicks of beer left in the rear
Only out to get my jolly's deck my foes with bows of holly burning down the Christmas tree just
Forget goes and fresh
Carols cracked down the stereo all the neighbors are having fits
Burnin down the Christmas tree it's a fair filled holiday
Damn sure you will have a blast when you do Christmas
Are
Oh
16 to 5 sixty wq a.m
Q a.m. Hello
This is what they're coming right
Wtf Q a.m. Hello
Thank you. Jell about
Neil each means sideways
Okay dump you can get both of those two
Done okay good
Two for the price of none i like that
Doug Thompson writes is Washington burning
Well, he's writing something almost every day now he must be getting pissed off and fired up at a boy duggy
Write a lot of stuff before they come and drag your ass away
He says the mysterious fire in the old executive office building on the White House grounds sent conspiracy theorists in the overdrive Thursday
What they wondered went up and smoked by President Cheney sweet of offices in the OEOB
Hey, we love a good conspiracy theory here at Capitol Hill blue
We learned long ago that anything is possible from the bush boys and girls at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
So we're happy to join in the latest guessing game of what did they know and when did they burn it
Since the fire erupted in Cheney's office is speculation deepens Cheney is after all the Darth Vader of Bush
Go the black knight most often accused of being behind all the nefarious actions of what many considered to be the most corrupt presidential
administration in American history
So what did the fire reduce to ashes just as federal judges congress and British's own attorney general lunches probes into the various high crimes and mr
Meeners
If evidence was destroyed
Most obvious would be any memos relating to that meeting of White House lawyers Cheney and God knows who else discuss what to do about those pesky
CIA tapes that showed torture of detainees
Or maybe a some of speculated those White House visitor logs that showed just which holy rollers came to
Chateau Bush to help the president commune with God and seek new justifications for killing people in Iraq
But this could be just a the tip of the ash pile so much wrong to win so little opportunity to burn our own favor list of what went into the fire
Results of Bush's latest urine test what did the president snort and when did he snort it or maybe he just went back to drinking if he wasn't drunk or stolen some of his actions of late could give sobriety a bad name
White president Cheney's bar tag from that day on the ranch in Texas when he shot his lawyer friend in the face
This as he wasn't drunk but it's been owned alive
Those pictures of House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and sentiment duty leader Harry Reid locked in a 69 and achieved motel on US
Once out the Washington Bush got what he wants from Congress last year. Maybe he doesn't need them anymore
Plants for the invasion of Iran now that the new program is shut down over the other White House has to come up with a new set of lies to just to find another war
Photos of first daughter Barbie Bush dancing topless at that fret party in college
Hustle publisher Larry flim offered a million bucks for them, but they never turned up in print. Maybe Bush paid more
Plants to remain in power in 2009 by declaring a national emergency declaring martial law and suspending habeas corpus
Lincoln didn't he was a Republican too
Secret service photos of Cheney not a host senator Larry Craig together in that men's room staffed him in theapolis airport
And photos of encoder giving Bush a lactance in the overall office. No, not even Bush is that desperate says Dougie T
Cute
Marginally cute not like fall down on your ass and the hour go nuts
806 we did it. Oh, we got the 100 votes that we were looking for now. We can go home. Okay
God take a deep breath
Exhaillin just relax all the pressures off
Nobody Q a m hello
The motivation station wants you. Yeah, the motivation station my ass
That was a big success
I want now see I still know the call of his other one of mr. Ego's on your W is it? I don't know
Nobody knows. I don't think I want to know
I don't think he what I want to know that he cares no five six seven oh five sixty
We're doing a little screenless here this last hour
Let me take a look at these numbers here and see if down near the bottom of the numbers
Like in the morning. That's mr. Ego's hours and I know he's got a humongous tune in audience in his own mind
This is a man who never had any numbers in this market. It's amazing all years. He was on one one time
I think I'd W. S. Newsie had a reasonable number the rest of the time and and I think the first book at the i.o.d
Remember when he was following me. Yes
Some of the numbers are oh look at that a 1.8. I think that's it NMA
W NMA I do believe that's it from a one two to a point eight to a one eight twenty four in the market out of
30
Some odd and I do mean out of 30 some odd stations
34 not too bad. There's Steve. Oh nice go on baby. Keep plugging away
Keep pumpinos fake body parts
WQ a m hello
Yeah, yes sir how's it going pretty good
Hey, isn't that the same Jimmy Sefflow that was left the girl with the altar like 20 years ago. Yeah
Hey, one other thing um, little least holidays. I can't stand the holiday. So why is it 50% off now?
Is that mean I got overcharged two months ago?
That means you were a schmuck
WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Q a m
That the ripple died
That hasn't got away for the boxing they sales ready for boxing day pali day after Christmas
56705 60 pound or you know something what he's not on this list is he
Mr. Whipple what was his name? I don't know. He died though. He did
And this list I have maybe I'm not gonna do this poll for tomorrow. I don't know. Well, I'm a I'll just
Maybe he is one of these other people. I don't know
Mr. Whipple during the break. I'll Google it and see what Israel am. What okay?
And then if his name is on here. I don't think any of his other people were Mr. Whipple. How about Boris Yeltson?
Was he Mr. Whipple? He was an ass wife. I know that
WDQ a m hello
Yeah, you know, for real. I'm taking your spot a year from now. That's why I'm doing this commercial
Okay, I'm gonna make
WQ a m hello
I
Yeah, probably this as well. How many Q a m hello?
Hello, yes sir
Yeah, how you doing? Listen, I got a question for you. So that anybody in this country have any where was
No, people continue to buy sick co-pure when they know it's coming from chowers from a communist culture
But then we got them all over the term like lined up up and down
Are you starting with this coming? Is the craft again? Is that it?
Yes
You know anything besides that is there anything in your brain besides communist they're communist is that all you know
Well, you know what you got to think one thing under consideration that common is about her is chauvin's is dating from us
Is going back to Saudi Arabia is going back through Iran? Yeah, we can return
It's uh, let me ask you something isn't your government and then with the Saudis
What are you bitching about you? Oh chauvin's for when your presidents walking around holding hands with the king with a prince Abdullah
My god, they don't come north more dollar than that crap
Come on each day. Come on each day. Is anything ever gonna change in that town? No, never no
Good god almighty that was so so I'm gonna go out and fill up with sicko right now
I hate that I never use I don't just fill up with sit go but I pour a whole bunch on the ground just to spend
Yeah, that's a good idea
Mr. Whipple was played by actor dick Wilson actor what
Dick Wilson. He's a yes, so I'm just gonna put Mr. Whipple on there
Because he's definitely I don't think he's honest. There's like 30 of three people including Ike Turner
I had a dantel over and Mr. Whipple
Molly Ivin's died. I forgot about that boy. That's a shame
She was great. That's a Q. I. Am hello
Yeah, yeah, yes sir. Yeah, I mean hey, I want to nominate a recorder month above as my favorite Mexican
No, okay great
W. Q. I. Am hello. I
Hope you get
Cancer and die
Okay, thanks a lot Joe. That was Joe Bell. That was good
Eighth and thirteen votes on the pool that call from across the street
I think that we're allegedly from across the street. That sounded to me like one of our people
I think that was an inside job W. Q. I. Am hello
Yeah, I need to have to cause them. Yeah, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo
W. Q. I. Am hello
Good morning
After the answer good afternoon. Yeah, we were
Yes, we were running on the west coast
It sticks in my mind. He used to have this girl on there all the time. He used to drink her own urine
That was just
Hi, that way I who who had her on
That's Steve team. Yeah, and so what about it?
Yeah, that's it. Bye. Wasn't a girl with some old bitch
What are you talking about girl girl my ass man
And he was glued to the radio every time he had her on oh this could be very important here. Let's see what it is
It's from drugstore.com last chance
To get your drugs. Well, they must know the pool we're doing today
But I'm taking you advice now what I do is I just go on and I block these bastards
I'm on my PC, you know
I'm a hotmail are you are you paying a little you following me or what right here right here
Well, no, cuz I'm sick of it like that like that
Jeremy
What Wang with his loose blog wire?
Excuse me. Yeah, Jeremy's Wang
Every time you turn around that thing is
Oh, Jeremy's Wang. I don't like Jeremy's Wang. Okay. Send me a picture of it
The biggest name the best talent
He's in the largest
435
60 QAM
The
Sports leader
Dan's for nothing. Can a failed films present
The dolphins suck
In the 2007 campaign players reporters and fans agree
The dolphins suck
Not only do they suck they suck out loud
Their players suck their coaches suck and those pastel uniforms. Oh, daddy. Do they ever suck
But on a rainy Monday night in Pittsburgh the suck fans took sucking to a whole new level of suck
They lost a three nothing ball game with 17 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter
Thus prompting football fans everywhere to shut off their TVs shake their heads and shout upon high
The dolphins suck
But
Built parcels is officially joined the dolphins. It's official
parcels 66 facts to finalize coffee of his contract with the dolphins this morning
According to source close to the situation. I wonder if he knows Peter's brown
parcels are said to be gumboe dolphins executive vice president for football operations
The team was still not commenting on the issue as of noon, but a formal announcement's being planned since the hero
parcels wasn't answering his cell phone
They scheduled to do an interview at four o'clock on ESPN's NFL live this afternoon
parcels currently a studio analyst for ESPN is expected to remain with the network through the weekend games
He's expected to come to South Florida for a formal introduction no earlier the next Wednesday
They found day after a boxing day no day after Christmas
Is the Christmas Tuesday? Yes
Georgia's off next week by the way
Thank God
Why do you say that? I could get a negative attitude is that would you much rather be with us?
Positive I'd rather be on
There go enough over public housing in New Orleans. They're riding their clapping their jumping up and down to use in pepper spray and
Those homes pepper state and pepper corns those delicious pepper corns
That's nothing mr. Ego is always babbling about oh pepper corns pepper corn shosh
Don't you love your pasta with pepper corn sauce on certain?
Delish
I wonder how he's eaten these days now that Burton Jackson went bust
821 votes on the pool
You know
What drug gave you the best experience?
Grass 196 and I'll call 196 well. There you go
Little booze little weed. I never use drugs or booze 96
Powder cocaine 63 Kway ludes 47 714 maybe ludes
Existee 46 Hashi 44 sugar 35. Oh trust me when I tell you. I'm dying right now for something
You're gonna laugh when I tell you this and I know I indicated a couple weeks ago
I kind of like tiptoe around this because it's too embarrassing to say
But I'm just I'm obsessed with Mickey D's now. I don't know why I've been on either a lot too
I got to confess as well. I don't know the family. They just decided that it's easy which it is
Yeah, they've been bringing it home a lot that in Taco Bell. Oh, I love Taco Bell
But lately it's been a Mickey D life for me. I'm not that much
But I just you know like this afternoon too when I get out of here
I'm gonna go over to Mickey D's and get me some life because I can do the addkins on it
Right, and I think it's what you said. It's a consistent when you go from place to go. Yeah, you know, I mean
You know like 15 or 20 double cheese burgers in all that bad right?
I just don't eat the bun the bun the bread is where they evil is baby those killer carbs
That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna take the next year off and they're gonna make them pay me off
And I'm gonna write up my that book. I've always wanted to write killer carbs
That's what's killing people and poor dr. Bob man
He's in a box and the actins foundation
They butcher that thing up after we croak
I think they're out of business even or or whatever they are. There's all screwed up
Killer carbs. That's what kills people, baby all your fries and your bread and your pizza and all of these
all of these things
bread
I mean, what's the big deal with bread sure? I like like a nice Italian restaurant
I like when they bring a sliced small loaf of hot Italian bread. What's we're not to like with that with some garlic butter?
mm
but
powder cocaine
63 quailudes 47 I read that sugar 35 LSD 29 more fiend 20 crack 17 crack
How about you Joe Bell voted 17 times. He's got a big crack problem
It's on his back home laughing gas 16
Speed 10 and heroin nine out of 826
I think we can do a 50 don't you yeah
I want that well you don't say very enthusiastic man. I know you wanted a thousand. It's my fault
I was it would buy when I shouldn't change the pool. I see it's the afternoon, but that's okay
I might just go back to begin tonight. Can't you change your theory of crack bear?
I can
You you think when I'm sitting there at my machine. I'm worried about changing the pool on this
Horseball thing. I mean, you know, we're going to show 24 hours a day. No
I'm worried about my life. I'm worried about me
See that and that's it. It's not just a question of whether Hank is on or Neil is on and that's not it
We're talking about human beings which this company doesn't understand. You're messing with people's lives
That's what you're doing
As opposed to being upfront honest with people and the you know dealing with people like a bench
No, they got to play games and they got to stand people in the back and they got to like try do everything
They can to destroy their lives
Well, you know what y'all? He Joe paid back is a bitch
I
Wouldn't be surprised enormous found that lawsuit right now as we speak
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi George, let me speak with the EOP. Okay. Hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yes, hi. I like to speak of Neil. Please. This is Neil. Yes. Oh Neil. Hi there. Hey, let's let's let you know that
Um, we really appreciate. I mean a lot of my friends have been listening to you for years
Who you appreciate you and and and kind of you know knowledge and the kind of entertainment that you provided over the years
And I know that you're gonna stay on the air forever to like put me in a box
Until they put you in a box man. I hope that's a long time from now
And you know, I've been listening to you since the early 90s and I've sort of grown up with you
And I just want to let you know that you're much appreciated and I wish the best happy new year, okay
Thanks a great belly back back to you. Thank you. How do you like that? There's a good guy
You didn't sound like over the age of a hundred either. Well, oh that Neil you know that Neil and Hank they're all so oh
Yeah, that's why the numbers are so good
That trend that came out yesterday. I hope that jolly Joe wiped his fat ass with those numbers. Okay. That's what you can do with them jolly
Joe wipe your big fat ass when you get your next bout of disgusting bloody oozing diarrhea
You jackass you fool you fairy
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Uh
Did you see yesterday were in China? They pitted people like a penny an hour. They bought a 10% of Mickey Stanley
This is crazy, you know, what does that mean? They bought it. They bought it. They invest in a company Morgan Stanley or Mickey Stanley
They're now making a Mickey Stanley with the Tigers right now. Oh
I don't tell the bees these about that to move to China
They'll take you with them no George and Chris will be a pay increase for great
WQ a.m. Hello
Mark Jacobson H. You WQ a.m. Hello. I knew I were you. Okay
Uh, two quick things first the uh the station. I think of the call letters for Steve and WNN
Oh, yeah, well, I mean, I don't think they show off at all that that's the that is the motivation station. Yes
WWLUZ lose the big lose
Uh, the second thing is I wanted to thank you personally for for keeping me and I'm sure a bunch of other people in the straight now as far as our weight
Because like you've gone back to you're saying of you know the the nice people are the fat people and the fat people are the fat people
And people and the diabetic people are the fat people and let me tell you right now diabetes is a bitch
It's really not not good stuff. Well, we wish you all the health in the world and uh things will work out
Uh, we'll all be with you when you move along. Wherever that might be. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Okay
WWNN that is the motivation station and I'm looking here men 18 plus which even includes a bunch of old cockers
They have nothing so when I said a 180 that that's not them
They they don't they have zero. They don't show. They don't move the needle on the Richter scale just like uh one of those comments
They're in the herald article. Oh, Bill O'Ridey's gonna kick nails ass
Yeah, Bill O'Ridey also doesn't show up. I hate to break the news to you
Although, maybe he does maybe they got a number here midday. It's WFT LA 50 the lose station everything they touch turns to pure manure
That's good old Steve Lappel. You don't got it Steve. Okay
WFTL I take that back. They had a they went from a point nine in the summer book to a point eight in the next
trend and still a point eight and say oh zero point eight. Yeah, Bill O'Ridey
He's really kicking it on air man. You morons you idiots any any any you know
It's just a lot of hostile hateful migratory people and it is South Florida
force leader
I'm looking for the pot. Oh, yeah, you know if anything smells like pot it's because of my roommate
At least I got pot. That's my weed
You're not on drugs are you?
I've never seen you so cheerful. What the hell is wrong with you?
Okay, join in
Sounds like these people want to get hot. My color feels like the mirror
Friends
You're really stupid things when you're hot
Be bird died. Don't so please buy my
How much
I can't remember
Okay, 145 a Q a.m. I just
Felix the catch on just facts me a thing or send me a link
2007 deaths to date I went to how did Phil Rosudo died the scooter
We talked about Chris. Yeah, we remember that the scooter
Why be in a much better mood if I remember that
That scooter was he a broadcaster or what he sucked only Kyle yeah, I'm never talking about that only come what a jerk Charles Nelson
Riley for crying out loud right many people who are on this other list here
And he James Kennedy hubman dreared give him a zet's in the bill wall trouble above him the right
But he Hutton Kurt Vonnegut
A lot of dead people man is last year. Wow. He Howard Hunt
rhymes with
punt
Frankie Lane new old train. Oh, could he belt one out or not? Hank Bauer. Oh, I never knew Hank Bauer died
He was my favorite baseball player back in the day Hank Bauer
And he was even ugly but nevertheless the old marine he was great great great fielder for the Ankees
Lead off hitter a great hitter and a tremendous fielder with a great arm Hank Bauer George don't care about that
Jane Lyman's dead
She was doing it with Ronnie Reagan
What a disgusting thought that is murder Griffin. She was doing it with a lot of guys. Aigmar Bergman
Dick Wilson. That's mr. Whipple right? Yes
Egor Moiseev I wonder he's kind of Jackie Mo Jack Moiseev
Moiseev
Norman Maillars dead well we can have a party Lorraine Day
Joe Knucksall what we knew about that he was the youngest picture 15 years old played for the Reds got the crappy
out of him but he was 15 years old evil con evil and I turn around all these
There's a good pull I'll work on it when I have time later on when I'm in the mood if I get around to it
849 849 on the pull
Crystal work on it all day he'll take the rest of his holidays
Okay, no, you want to take that task on oh sure of course
So what was the deal because I was on vacation?
Josh Corden has obviously got his check because he casted it real fast
And what was the deal with that I don't understand I guess I nailed it to him directly didn't I okay?
Yeah, we did do the break at 40 did we not yes? Yes. Oh good. Well, I didn't cross it out
Well, I don't cross it out you kind of cross
Everybody carry a little cross in case
You know you need some help
The band-person planner can never can never can never have too many crosses laying around
Am I right that's right? Come in the QA and have these two
Then maybe show maybe some Mississus on a wall can't hurt either
Come in the QA and hello. Yeah, get a job is good advice for you and it with QA and hello. Hey new
I'm
I'm actually celebrating my first holidays as a diabetic
So it's stuck and I wanted to thank you for keeping that topic alive
Okay, well, we're trying to keep you alive too, but I don't think it sounds too good
Not too promising a 49 that's a bitch because it's Thanksgiving unique a lot of turkey
Even with the gravy, but don't eat this stuffing and of course. What's the best part?
Stuffing same Christmas, right? Right?
a 50
You know for a fast-slop like you I'm talking about the lectable a good stuff that people are going to be eating any day now
I'm probably eating already and you're talking about the pole again when you stop with your pull obsession
Okay on the old fag. I'm the one supposed to have a pull obsession like I will be I have recording its entirety to the night
Christine. Oh, okay
And it's on air. It's pristine Christine and I fast forward into that scene in the hospital again where what's his name is him John Stockwell Dennis
Dennis is in the bed man in a hospital. We got a broken leg. He's got his leg up in the air. Oh, baby, but anyway
I just watched it you know 40 50 times
He's got that real tight pair of gray on these on air rant wow
John Stockwell. He was a pretty young man. Now he's a ugly middle-aged guy
gross
Like I told you before it's like anything else in life, you know
You got an old Surlorn steak that maybe 20 years ago was just juicy and the lectable and delicious and now it's still sitting on the table man
Everybody in abandoned building somewhere like that abandoned warehouse
Where where my picture is?
If anything was ever appropriate man that was it was that perfect
Yep, Pub said here's a picture in the LNW QAM on the back of an abandoned building somewhere
Which beats the hell out of all the promotion we've had from QAM which there isn't any none
Not minimal not a little bit. Not just teeny tiny none
Zero and and then you compound that by thinking about the excuse
Can you imagine any rational human being saying oh well? We can't even host in your contract
We can't afford to promote you Neo. We have no much promotional budget because all the money we lose on the marlins
Have you ever in your life in the history of your freaking life?
Have you ever heard anything so pathetic and absolutely unacceptable? Nope
We lost that well don't look at me
I didn't sign the deal with the marlins. I didn't lose all that money for you
I don't need to have you put those stupid games on and destroy our ratings on those day games. I didn't need that
Not to mention this hurricane basketball games that clearance forced that on us too when we must to old points
That's the excuse
I mean if you were to sit down with a sane rational person who's just you know from the outside
Who has no preconceived notions about what's going on with this this company and this station and our experience with it and some other people as well like the Humper
And you you explained it you know and very calm rational matter of fact language and wrote it out in long hand
They they wouldn't believe it
In my right they would not nobody does all you'll like is nobody comes up with these things
Nobody goes out of the way not to compete and makes up stories about oh gee
We lost all this money on this crap while they lost all the money on the crap because that's what they're obsessed with
Hank Orberg didn't lose the money. Neil Rogers didn't lose the money
They lost money on a freaking dolphins and the marlins and the panthers got only knows because you could go bowling in that damn arena
I scrolled by the way Wayne
That was a classic at the end of the year. It's very important that we play this and I'm gonna tell you something right now
You can mark it down right if Howard County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility
I will not play here
Because I will not have you guys
Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing. I went out and did something else
Well guess what right there was a guy that said well something. I went out and did something else
You played there and you know
And they parlor that franchise into the turd and nobody goes there anymore and of course he dumped it
Like he's going to do with it offence now. He's you know talking to people about dumping that off too
That's his favorite deal man. He takes something. He buys it
He destroys it and then he dumps it off
He gets rid of it like oh, you know like like dropping a hot potato like dropping a gigantic turd
You know what I mean? I don't even
850 T-votes on a pool
Luck drug gave you the best experience alcohol 204 grass 203
I never use drugs or booze 98 powder cocaine 65
Quailudes 49 ecstasy 46 hashish 46 sugar 35 killer sugar, baby
Sugar blues william duffy. He's dead
LSD 34 more fiend 20 crack 18 laughing gas 16 speed 10 and heroin
Solomonton with it
leader god
I
This grandmaster Pokemon B in thought he got the right to work off
What you don't know is the base bumper got the right not to pay up like we be
To your bills. Hey, you're bill. He's the day. You're bills. Hey, you're bill. Hey, you're sick. It's bills. Hey, you're bill. Hey, you're bill.
He's the day. You're bills. Hey, you're bills. Hey, you're bills. Hey, you're sick. It's bills. We'll be a dead
Don't think my car get hey, you're bills. You're bills. Hey, you're sick. It's bills. Don't be a dead
P. Don't be too late. Where's
Hey, you're bills. Hey, you're bills. Hey, you're sick. It's bills. Let me be BG. I don't pay
Let me be BG. I don't pay
Let me be BG. I don't pay
Let me be BG. I don't pay
We don't pay office bills Being the mayor
No longer dogailothers. Ok
We don't pay office bills
Yeah, you're bills.
Ladies, look, they all bills
Egg, egg,, fique , brute
Yeah, you're bills.
Tell Your Bill, please, how you feel
Tisses,whats?
Give it all Sik n' Bill
No deposit, no payroll
Jun Shan
Hayly next week
You might say
Okay, I'm deposit for payroll
To pay me next week
You like it Pay?
Okay, that's how it's done
It's already done
Without no unions
It's already done
You're right to work in
Already done
We'll say a few
You're already done
Please be deadbeat
She eat oats up
She eat sweet deadbeat
She eat oats up
She is me deadbeat
She eat oats up
She is me deadbeat
She eat oats up
You're killed
You're killed
She is a VBTI
Better be dead
Better be dead
Resilent lie
Better be dead
Better be dead
Better be dead
She is a VAD
Better be dead
Better be dead
Better be dead
Better be dead
Better be dead
becoming worse
Maybe it's possible
Say your bills, say your bills, say your bills, say your mother bills!
Bye bye bye!
Send your blood to show on plastic, tell me if you're in or not.
I just wanna die.
Sack!
