Oh God!
So Ricky will you?
Ricky will you so God!
Ricky will you so?
What's your take on Ricky will you?
Ricky will you?
Ricky will you so?
I want you to issue a memo that says I want all on-air sports staff to assess over Ricky will you?
Yes, Mr. Rie.
Mmm.
Ricky will you?
Mmm.
A little ribbon effort on the part of Ricky will you?
I think I'll...
Today's you.
We're gonna discuss Ricky will you?
Ricky will you so?
And uh... Ricky will you so mad.
I got Mike Ricky will him poster here looking at it right now.
Aww.
I want to touch him.
Well, I'm gonna cook.
Well, then do the WQA online sport bag which was enter fantasy named after a special as IOTR.
Ricky will you?
I never asked another hand for a date before.
But my offer my head was that you had to get up to the state realtor of sports.
I still don't know who you'll are.
But I can't remember.
So I want you to fill me.
Sister, you know I'm so cold.
Ricky will you?
Ricky will you?
All day.
All night.
Up your ass.
Hand in your face.
Holy.
On sport hall radio.
560.
W-U-A-M-R-O.
10-0-2-560-WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday.
I ate the virus score ice cream yesterday.
I'm very sorry about that to myself.
I'm not sorry to anybody else.
I'm sorry.
Am I sorry?
No, I had a good time.
I thought it was okay this morning.
I'm not dying or anything like that.
I've just learned to, you know, fool mother nature for a little while.
Then all of a sudden it will be like that.
And then you'll say, oh gee, I wish I wouldn't have given that free pass for bastard robins.
Well, I didn't go there because it's too damn far, you know.
When I fought out that my little Chinese markets got the friar score.
I said, take me to your leader.
Oh, I got the greatest email.
Thank you, Ricky Tiki, if you're listening, which I doubt he just cut off the argus.
I know he's not on the ear.
That's right.
See, it's forced to have it.
I know.
He's not on the ear.
He can do whatever it is he wants.
He sent me an email yesterday that was so, so nice and so complimentary and so butt kissing and so...
And to you, too, is a matter of fact.
Well, I can't wait.
Hello, it's Suzy there.
You're going to read it or something?
Why?
You're going to read it or something?
Bobby there, another one of the big shots.
I'm going to drink a lot of coffee doing those morning shows.
I imagine.
We all buy it.
We don't want it like that.
You would have to.
The legendary Rick Shaw, he ain't on the ear anymore, but we're going to keep his man real life.
Plus, he offered to buy us dinner.
Excellent.
So you're going to read that email or what?
I'm going to read it on the ear.
Or you're going to forward it to me.
Listen, if somebody said something good about me, I need to hear it because it doesn't happen here or at home.
I could read the whole thing on the ear, I guess, if you want me to do that.
I don't know, it's February.
I'm going to put it in my folder.
I don't like forwarding emails.
Okay, to me, it's kind of, I don't know.
I mean, it's okay, it doesn't bother me.
As long as I know who somebody's forwarding my email too, you know, like that.
But let's see, what am I going to do?
I got to sign, one moment, please.
See, now you threw off the whole time of the show?
I know, that's what I do.
Savitage.
Well, I could always play something to fill, I guess.
Grab a listen.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, let's see.
Let me go to my mail here and my, my space.
We have 1380 friends on there, by the way.
Oh, there's Angie Symbidium just sent something new.
Well, thank you, Angie Symbidium.
Let's see, here's Ricky.
It's the long.
You want me to read it?
Yeah, or forward it to me, either one.
I'm not going to forward it to you with the first old private thing I'd rather read it on the ear.
I don't want to.
Huh?
Like I said.
No, I'm not going to.
It's just, I mean, there's nothing like moushy in there, anything.
But it's just a private thing.
It's either the thing.
And you want me to read it on your, okay?
I don't even know how to forward it to you.
Either at work, nor at home.
Does anyone say anything nice about me?
So if you're going to always say it's the first DJ whose name I learned said something nice about me.
No, she's now that I'm on the other side of the fence.
I'd like to invite you and a guest and Jordan is lady to join me and his wife.
And then he said, right lady of your choosing.
He says, nobody appreciates what you do more than I.
How do you like that?
Nobody appreciates what you do more than I do.
That's a, that's really sweet.
It doesn't come close to it.
Praise from Caesar.
Praise from a legend, a real legend, not just to make believe legend like me.
I once upon a time was legendary and then I went to work for a beastlies.
All of us have been interesting how he started in Miami.
I guess he started in Miami QA.
Am I right?
Yeah.
We got that sheet here.
He started in like, what was it?
66.
64, 65, I'm not sure.
64, I don't know.
What am I supposed to say?
66, that's 51 years ago.
This thing that we have is from 65 and he's on there so at least.
65, well here it is.
I got the, oh, five.
Oh, five.
Famous 56, 64.
The Euro is born.
And there's a Ted Clark and Lee Sherwood and Charlie Hudson and Jim Dumblamp and Bill Wooder's and Rick Shaw.
So he was there in 64, well whatever.
I don't want to like, you know, make a whole show about Rick Shaw because he retired.
He deserves a little bit of, you know, a little piece in quiet now that they're going to drag clean that camp.
899 on our pulled it in.
It's not too bad.
What are we getting into that so far?
I like that pulled it in.
Mm-hmm.
Be sure and be sure and paste it on Joe Bell's door.
That's the door, okay?
Yeah, as if.
Oh, as if he'd pay attention to it.
Speaking of your hero, his blue doves has got some problems.
Mm-hmm.
I don't want to say he's obsessed with illegal immigrants and illegal aliens and stuff like that.
I think he's right.
He's obsessed.
He's obsessed.
Looting about the leprosy.
You know something he may be right, but he's just a crazy person.
Mary Shaw on this working chimps says, Lou Dobbs incorrectly asserts that immigrants are bringing leprosy into the USA.
Leprosy.
Oh, God, I think I got it right now.
I got the bubonic plague.
Let me take it to Woodbind and spread it around a little bit.
Maybe let me rub it on the machine.
It says, watch out, Mary.
It says your nose might fall off or worse.
At least that's what CNN's lood doves would like you to think if we don't do more to keep illegal immigrants out of this country.
But seriously, first of all, I want to say upfront that I don't hold a singular opinion in immigration.
I hold several.
It's too complex to wish you an issue to simplify in a way that so many officials and pundits would like to.
That said, I have a real problem with lood doves' recent erroneous assertion that immigrants are bringing leprosy into the USA.
Who said anything about immigrants?
I'm reading the article.
That's what Mary Shaw said.
Now, if you want to editorialize and interject your own personal bigoted opinions in here.
Illegal opinions.
Can you rubber rack the illegal aliens?
Dom statement has been proven incorrect, but some people haven't heard the truth.
I likely believe that they'll be exposed to leprosy because we don't have a fence to keep the brown people from spilling across the real grand.
I'm guessing that doves isn't blaming any Canadians for leprosy, she says.
No leprosy here, eh? When you shut up, is Dom so sure on real immigration reform arguments that he has to resort to twisting the medical facts he wants to know?
Of course, the answer is, hey, listen, he says, that's all I can tell you.
They want us to fight this way.
They reimbursed for bad laws in the illegal aliens, man.
From 200 years ago, when they were slays.
Of course, payback is a real bitch. You've heard that I'm sure many times.
I only have a mobile home.
A pitful and a pinch of scope.
But a piece between your two.
You're talking to your daughter and you're talking to each other.
She's like Dom.
Here's what I gotta say.
I don't know, man.
No, no, no, no.
No, all of a sudden it ends like that.
But this one is getting to the good part. Damn it.
Well, hey, when that happens, don't you?
I hate it a lot.
Yeah, but you do.
Visible, hateful, bastard.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll result from yesterday.
Thank you, Rick Shaw.
Rick Yitiki, he's a...
That's just a legend, but he's a good guy.
You see a great guy.
See, people because you listen to somebody on the air or watch them on TV,
you think you know something about them.
And you don't.
You don't.
People think I'm a miserable, hateful old bastard.
I'm a nasty, hateful, rotten, sarcastic.
You know, and of course that part is true.
But I also have a warm spot.
You're an old sauté.
I am. I'm an old sauté.
And Rick Shaw turns out to be a great guy.
And not that I ever thought he was a bastard,
raising like that.
I just, you know, all the Rick and Suts had their issues, didn't he?
I don't know.
I'll ask Suts.
It was probably with Rick.
Oh, it's always with Rick.
You know how that is.
Probably because they had the same name.
Now, let's see if...
I think I have the Ricky Tiki thing where he said something about...
Oh, I know what he said.
I've tickled it down to the Rick and Suts on in the afternoon.
They sound great.
I think they found their nister and God bless.
God bless.
Rick, he had his legs crossed when he was in it.
He probably hints Rick to Riley like Poison and...
Yeah, why shouldn't he be the only one to like it?
That's right.
How much even Suts don't like him anymore?
No.
What is Rick Riley doing?
A sense tell you when he comes in?
We talked about it a while back and he was doing some things,
but not in a long time.
We haven't spoken in a long time.
He was doing some problems.
He was doing some things.
He was doing some things.
You heard about it.
Somebody called and said that they were doing...
He was doing like a stock marker report on...
A stock marker report?
Yeah.
Yeah, stock marker report.
Either on satellite radio or somewhere,
some radio station somewhere.
Who the hell is that?
You know, pretty much a watch.
A guy on CNN right now.
Is that Rob Hanrahan?
I don't know.
Well, I tell you from a distance,
he looks really...
A spoken baby.
I'm telling you.
From a distance.
I see.
He's a little closer and it's like,
you know, he's just a guy.
But from a distance, I thought they had some real hot number
on there on CNN.
In its in Lake City too.
Battle against the massive blaze goes on in Florida today
because God is...
He is absolutely pissed off Florida is...
Baaaay man!
That's right.
He's burned up.
Anyway, 1247, both on yesterday's poll.
I didn't like that poll at all.
Do I really have to read all these names?
Yes.
Oh.
All of them.
This TV mom would you have preferred is your own.
I hate this poll.
I like the one today though.
Samantha Stevens from Bewitt's Wins with 189.
Mark Simpson from The Simpsons, 123.
I don't want to read all these.
This is not good.
It's like reading the phone book like Danny LeBaster
reading his emails.
He let him read the emails on the air.
I'm not reading no emails unless it's something really good.
But like Rick Shott, I was a private personal thing.
I read a couple of sentences there and he invices all the dinner.
You and...
All right.
I read my late evening.
I didn't see your wife.
I know it.
I'm glad he said that.
Morticia Adams and the Adams family 88,
Peg Bundy married with children of 82.
I'm just going to read the first page.
I'm not reading all the other ones.
I just can't do it.
June Creaver, leave it to me for 49.
Man, oh it'll kill a lot of time and I get accused of that.
Oh, all the old man wants to do is kill some time.
Yeah, right.
Blow it out your ass.
June Creaver, leave it to me for 49.
Kitty, form an that 70 show, horrible show, 48 with that little scream ride.
Jill Taylor, home improvement 47.
So who's Ashton Kuchiku?
Who's the...
Mary 2?
I don't know.
Chris, you do.
Demi Moore.
Oh, that's it.
Mary, they get very...
They get very...
They get very...
I didn't know they got married.
Mort, maybe not Mary.
He's a dooner.
Knockin' boots.
That's it.
Jill Taylor, home improvement 47.
Pussin' boots.
Wilma Flintstone from the Flintstone 44.
Carmella Soprano from the Soprano 42.
Lily Munster from the Munsters 39.
Laura Lai Gilmore from the Gilmore Girls 37.
Laura Peaky from the Dick Van Dyke Show 37.
Who was the real bike on that show?
And Elise Keaton from Family Ties 37.
And Mary and Cunningham from Happy Days is on the next page.
But I'd better put that in there 34.
They like Happy Days because they like Fonzie.
Because he's dumb.
And he wore motorcycle jacket.
A talk like he was illiterated.
And Henry Winkler quite frankly, I think.
Pretty sure he's another one.
He's not the John Revolta.
Deep in the closet.
Watch the runaway S's next time you see Henry Winkler on TV.
I think it baby.
Hey, Wona.
What was that?
Oh, that's true.
It smells like roses after I have done.
Can't understand why everybody's making fun.
The restroom smells like roses.
To me it seems okay.
But I'm not the only one who uses the restroom today.
I was only in there for a few minutes.
I always praise the light soul and I am bruised.
But now the word ends out that I did it.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
It smells like roses.
Oh, it smells like Lilox.
I feel like I met Durand Eastman, Park and Rochester.
Oh, just inhale real deep and enjoy the aroma.
Put you in a coma.
So anyway, here's somebody who says, a facts.
Did you listen to the beginning of mandatory show yesterday?
No, I did not.
I don't listen to the radio.
I don't listen.
I could sit here.
But instead I went and got my score, a virus score ice cream.
It was so good.
Yesterday he talked about being at his son's graduation and being...
Yeah.
Corn hold all weekend?
Something about being corn hole 15 hour.
I think he means...
I don't know what he means.
Check it out.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Not.
I will have it out and he tickled somebody's fancy there.
You know, it was a...
Oh, right.
And he was having a good time doing it.
So you know, it's that Michigan thing.
Does this kid go to Michigan now, Chris?
Do we know?
I believe one of them does.
They're just graduated from there.
Well, one would assume so.
Okay, because it's in the family.
And all it's seen.
The legendary of Michigan.
Michigan, the Wolverines.
They suck.
They make me sick.
Why do you know it's just the way it is?
I see Michigan State beat him in hockey again.
But then again, who cares about hockey, especially in South Florida?
Let's take a look at this pool.
And by the way, I do want to say several things.
Okay.
Which is good.
Well, no, because we got all four hours.
When the hell are the mollons playing another big game like a 10 in the morning?
Damn it.
Damn them.
Did they lose again last night, Chris?
Seven zip.
They lost seven or nothing?
Yeah, he's off my, because he's bringing me my bacon, son.
Oh.
They lost again?
Boy, they're on a...
Just like the Buffalo Sabers.
Man, they really stink.
They make me sick.
They're such a great regular season in here in the playoffs.
Hope's are high.
And everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy and they stink the joint out.
Out of one my ass.
How, howdy pressing.
Howdy pressing.
To see the spokesman there, Brian B.M.
Shuffering Shuck Attache is all I said of that game last night.
I mean, here's the pull for today.
I always have that to say about Joe Bell.
You know, I was thinking about Joe Bell during that last break.
And you know something, and what I thought?
What?
Like yesterday, we were both agreed.
In fact, everybody agreed.
Even my close personal friend Brandon agreed.
Yesterday we had a really good show.
And we did.
And did we take any calls?
No.
No, am I taking any calls today?
No.
I may never take another call, or maybe I will.
I'll do whatever and how I want to do.
I see every time my options open.
But, well, you know, the show will be just fine.
And you know, how many times have I reinvented myself over the next one?
That's the one thing that keeps me going.
Is that every now and then you have to reinvent the show, reinvent yourself, reinvent the way you do it.
And like Rick Shaw says, nobody does what I do because any better, because nobody does what I do.
And he's right about that.
I do do.
Thanks again, Rick.
Boy, that was some lick job.
Man, oh man, I had to go and towel down after that.
And I responded, but very weakly.
And I mean, when I wrote back, it was just very insufficient, but how do you write back a message when you get something like that?
I should frame that.
I should save it.
I should forward it.
All right.
I know.
All right.
We'll discuss that before the show tomorrow.
I forward it till I'll do that.
You'll like it.
But it's not really about you.
I understand that.
But if Rick Shaw said anything nice, I want it.
Let's hear it for Georgie.
Finally found a friend.
Oh!
Well, what I was thinking about Joel Bill is, you know, I survived 30 years in this market without him.
Uh-huh.
And I have a feeling I'll still be on here in this market long after he's back picking his nose on country kiss or something like that.
I could be wrong about that, but I just have that feeling.
Anyway, here's the poll.
Speaking of Joe Bell, I would listen to WQM more often if I like this poll.
If there was more non-sports programming, 267.4% of this non-sports audience say if there was more non-sports programming, they'd listen more to QAM.
That's what I voted.
I already listened day and night, 166.17.5% listen day and night.
We love you like crazy, okay?
We wish we had a million those.
If George Hand is on show, 135.
Wow.
Hold your breath on that.
Yeah, I know.
How about if George did a show on tape?
Oh, and speaking of George, you're on show now.
The owner's spot that you do, I'm sure you do.
You look like a two-minute baby.
Yeah, yeah.
Um, what is that all about?
It's about money.
I mean, it's a spot.
I know you're making some bucks from it.
There it is.
And the end.
What?
Everyone on every shift got to do one.
What do you mean by that?
Every show has someone associated with that show doing one of those spots morning, mid-day.
Well, they sure wouldn't have me do it because it's about some stripper hooker or something like that.
And it's about a resort, but yeah, that's cool.
I mean, the same kind of thing with my self-rebacked owner.
They don't want my stuff to be with some price-acid.
Yeah.
There was some self-regui like, you know, they would create a credibility gap.
Yeah, well, I already have that because I work for a easily greed.
I work for them sort of a big credibility.
I have a big gap.
Anyway, if George had his own show, I'd let's more 145.
If Joyce died, 139.
Oh, let's rejoice.
Oh, we'd rejoice forever on that.
Hallelujah.
Oh, there's a God.
We're praying right now.
We don't wish any ill on too many people, but in her case, we'll make a big exception.
We hate you, Joyce.
If Joe Rose came back, I would say, still no word on that.
He's still, I guess, deliberating or evaluating or palpitating.
I don't know.
We sure like to have him back.
I think that he's a good guy.
He does a great job.
He's got a big audience out there.
He actually belongs on the air.
Mm-hmm.
If there was more guilty, 35, what was that doing on the pool anyway?
How about if there was less guilty?
Try that one.
Add that on there.
Chris or whoever, who's adding the stuff these days?
Chris, I know.
Chris, if there was less guilty.
If there was less guilty, okay.
Yeah.
There was more guilty.
He's got 35.
But let's see how about if there was less guilty.
They might listen.
I know I would.
I come in here and glue myself to this thing every day.
If I just knew for sure that that wasn't going to be...
Well, it won't be because, although he's not a lot, this week.
Because the Humper's going to, uh, the, the, the Freakness.
If they played more tapes, 31.
Joe Bell voted 31 times for that.
Tapes my ass, okay?
Joe, take your tapeworm and go get you some help.
If the ticket went off the year, only 25, 2.6%, so you see, they're talking a big game.
Like they're the, uh, I don't think they're the competition at all when you come right down to it.
No, not our...
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Even during this fourth segment, I mean, there's obviously some people make a choice, but...
I don't think they're making that big of an impact, at least not with this crowd.
If there was more dolphin talk, 24.
If there was more dolphin tech talk, we'd have to do this show from the sequerium.
God.
If there was more hockey talk, 19.
Oh, it's in the last place until we added if there was less guilty.
We just put that on.
There doesn't have any votes yet.
But it will.
It'll get a vote.
In fact, I wish I could change my vote.
961.
Our goal is 1,000.
Chris, I think what do you think?
Yeah, I think we can do that.
Oh, man.
No, I'm like re-evaluating many things, you know.
And the four or five of you idiots out there who think, oh, well, you see, we made them shut the phone off, then.
Yeah, it was something big deal.
Big deal.
I survived with it without the phone for a long, long time.
Seven months I went there.
First time I tried it without taking any calls.
You know what?
The ratings were still good.
They may have been down a little bit.
We didn't have as many goofballs, you know, but big deal.
Because only goofballs want to hear somebody say, pro-zac for their college, pro-zac for college.
I run.
I run.
It is so, yeah, baggy, man.
It is so pathetic.
I run.
And they're sitting around there like, I'm surprised they don't have like a whole conference room set up.
You know, the guy with the eyes and the guy with the fanny pack.
And the chambagai and the Jozac run.
And the urban Jones and his boyfriend.
They're all a big pro-zac.
It's great show, Neil.
It's just that.
I mean, I could do that by myself every day.
I can just come on for five minutes for 30 seconds.
And just, you know, recite what we get if we took the calls.
And then we don't have to worry about no more.
961 on the pool.
That's pretty impressive.
You know, so somebody must still be listening in spite of the fact that we aren't taking any calls.
And in spite of the fact that Joe Bell don't really care about the, you know,
just tell him to dummy off of the verses.
Anything new about the show.
Just say, hey, Joe, dummy off.
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Another crazy endeavor.
No.
Yeah.
ラス do you need the meantime with this live channel.
Let me know if any of you like this channel, thank you.
Like to watch it while you can watch it while watching it.
But better for you.
Why are you not stuck to butt?
Not to butt.
You're not to butt.
You're not your butt pal.
It cuts a once.
Oh, that sound, man.
It gives you spilkeys, even if you don't know what it means.
Velley and me on the moral for the Humper, because Humper is off to a bummer for the pregness.
And then Gelley on Thursday at 5 and then, oh boy, although I notice it's the power hour with Mad Dog.
I don't think Mad Dog is working with Gelley in that hour.
Thank God.
Friday also.
And also Friday Gelley.
Oh, brother, but the good news on Friday is that Marlon's are playing early at Tampa.
Marlon games at 640, so Gelley's only on from 5 to 605.
Just an hour of that.
Oh, man.
Hour too much stuff, he asked me.
Not personally, you understand.
He never sold a freight train.
He never liked to stab me in the heart or in the back.
Like me, foe.
Now, there's a guy.
Here's a backstabber.
Remember that song by the OJs, The Backstabbers?
Or dude, they were singing about me foe.
Me foe to forest.
986 on the pool.
We're goals of 1000.
We're going to have that by 11.
So I think I'll call my cabbie and tell him, pick me up at 11 o'clock and my work will be done.
I work here, son.
It's a backstabber.
So, oh, so many of those in this business.
Like he's Goldman.
Well, I lost all my respect for him.
And there's a lot of good stuff on there, and I miss NBC.
But you watch it.
In fact, you know, since that I'm this thing, I haven't watched him once.
And I won't.
Yeah.
Aren't you being able to hard on Keep Older It No?
That's just the way I feel about it.
I'm not going to justify the way I feel about life, the way I feel about people, you know?
Just like you.
And your feelings about people.
I don't want to mention any particular ones.
Right?
But you know the ones I'm thinking of.
Some of them.
Yeah, I know.
You know what they do.
I do know what they do.
Oh.
They smile on your face and they stab you like me foe.
Oh.
And of course you don't want to think about that.
Me foe.
I really can't stand.
He's a...
Yeah, that too.
Or they frowning your face and stab you in the front.
Just for fun too.
Well, at least you can see it coming that way.
And A-ling, excuse me.
Let me see if I can get through the first two words of this anyway.
An aging heart patient who acknowledged being the head of the A-C crime family in South Florida
was sentenced yesterday in Miami to 14 years in a slimer on a federal racketeering charge.
Let me ask you something.
Because I don't really...
The levels are set on...
I think it's set.
Do I come through too hot Chris on this thing or should I crank it back or what?
You come with your OK.
Oh OK.
Well no, you understand what I'm saying.
Because it looks almost pinning...
See, I don't believe it like when you're playing music.
Like crank it up baby.
Yeah.
Well, I'm pretty sure it's even...
Even though stations have limiters, you know, you know what a limiter is.
It's crazy.
It's supposed to keep the level even like that's right.
It's like this.
So, we're gonna get through your lower kids.
We got that.
We have a lot of impression too.
Yeah, like...
Let's come present baby like that Rick Shaw stuff I was playing before.
Bam, we're the one of that.
Oh man, he was a real puke there.
Rickie Tickey's great.
Anyway, Renaldi Ray Ruggiero, you know what Ruggiero is?
It translates to from Antonio Nocia.
Roger.
Roger.
Roger's, that's correct.
Ray Rogers.
Renaldi Ray Ruggiero, 72, was also ordered to serve two years of supervised release.
Pay a $25,000 fine and four-fifth hand grand previously seized by the government.
According to a statement from New York City Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Ruggiero, putting in a gully in February to racketeer in conspiracy and in an employee agreement
acknowledging being a boss of the New York-based Mafia family, the Genevase-C crime family.
That mean you're no Corleone family, but then again who the hell is?
Court documents always recommended Ruggiero service sentence in a facility where you can get special medical treatment.
Documents Ruggiero submitted to the court showed he would had a series of heart attacks over the past three decades
and suffers from high blood pressure and diabetes.
Oh, that sounds familiar.
Have blood version diabetes.
You know what that means?
That's fat.
That's where that's at.
Don't get fat.
All my good friends out there in Medieval land do not get fat.
I mean some of you already are.
It's too late.
I don't know what to tell you.
We'll bring you flowers.
Ruggiero was arrested with six others in June 2006 and a plea agreement admitted that as a
cop-o or a captain he supervised a Florida crew that committed crimes including extortion,
robbery, money laundering, and possession of stolen property.
The group sometimes met at a restaurant.
Ruggiero owned in Palm Beach County called soprano.
Oh, the same thing with the HBO mob series it says as if we didn't know.
As if more than 12,000 phone calls recorded over more than a decade through quarter of the wire
attention right to details about the group's activities.
Well, I tell you one thing about West Palm.
Man, there's a lot of good restaurants in Palm Beach.
Man, West Palm and Palm Beach.
If they let you over the bridge.
If you don't look just right, they won't let you into Palm Beach.
But I'm serious there's a lot of good restaurants up there.
Because I lost, you know, that hundred pounds in about a year?
Right? And the ass ended that I was doing the protein-sparing fast.
Which is kind of like the ass filament.
And it's not the filament, it was a different thing.
Protein-sparing fast where you don't really eat any food.
You just drink that crap and water all day.
You carry around a big jug.
I was like pink water, you know, pink.
It's kind of gay.
And I did a great job. I lost 100 pounds.
And then I started finding it again because I was in Palm Beach and Bill Carter and his wife
and I used to go to lunch and dinner all the time and like eat mind-jamangio.
And I all of a sudden, all those normal sized clothes that I was wearing,
they start getting really tight, you know, oh geez, there's something wrong here.
How can people be so stupid, including me, you know?
It's not about that.
What is it about?
It's about power and willpower and self-control.
Well, I don't have that.
As some days I do, I don't want to say I'm a total failure in me.
It's only the 15th of May and four days I failed.
So 11 days I did good and four days I failed.
And one of the four days I failed was just a Snickers bar.
Does that count?
Yes.
You've got to kiss a Snickers good morning, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really, you're always the sixth defendant to be sentenced to the case and we'll give you the longest sentence.
His co-defendants, oh come on, just calm down.
They are chocolate.
Yeah.
His co-defendants received sentences ranging from about three and a half to eight years after
pleading guilty in one kind of racketeering conspiracy.
The remaining defendant awaiting sentencing is 97-year-old Albert the old man, Fetchiano.
So you've been calling me the old man.
I'm only 64.
This guy's 97.
Whoa.
If you call him the old man, first you get by a game like that and then you'll say, yeah, you're right.
He pleaded guilty to a charge of racketeering conspiracy and tampering with the witness in February.
Fetchiano had been scheduled for sentencing May 25th, but attorneys had previously said he's likely to face house arrest due to health problems.
How can he be 97 and have health problems?
Prosecutors, defense lawyers and mafia experts have said they can't recall anyone that age facing crimes committed so recently.
In other words, he was still in 97, but he was still doing this thing, man.
I like that.
You know, if you're 97, you can still be raping and robbing and pleading and plund- whatever he was doing.
I'm not saying he was doing those things.
I'm just saying.
He was 97 and still breaking the law.
He was still a...
Whatever they call him.
What do they call him?
I don't know.
Criminal.
What do they call Matt?
9.95 on the floor, but when we come back after the break, we're gonna top a thousand on the floor.
They want us to find a way.
I can't wait for that.
I'm gonna just play that all day every day.
Just that part.
You know, just right up to the post.
Don't look there.
Although Ricky Tickey says he can now, you know, match me hitting the post on the talk-ups.
Yeah, that's what you think, Ricky Tickey.
Ricky doesn't... he didn't do talk-ups.
He did puke-ups.
Bad, but a bit of a blot like that.
Just kidding, Rick.
Just relax.
9.99.
You better get in that break, because you sure don't want to be there when you go over that thousand mark.
Keep up all their injuries until they expose all the secrecy.
You know, they're not hearing what they want to hear.
There's no one top well under open air.
Isn't true the FBI knew about the press.
Did CIA make judgments that they now regret?
They're both the anti-terrorism policies.
We just need more answers from the men who's keen.
We need to know.
We need to know.
With Bush knew about 9.11, we need to know.
No.
We need to know.
We need to know.
With Bush knew about 9.11, we need to know.
Sixty before 11 and 5.60, W.M. Happy Tuesday, May 15th, El Kinsley-Demiow.
So what is the big deal on El Sinkwood and Mayan?
It's an Mexican holiday.
But what's the big stimulus?
It's an independence.
That's when the Indians rose up against the white folks over through them, and now you have what you see now.
What you see now, I'm mess.
I see a whole bunch of people that want out of there.
They're like digging holes in the ground and tunnels and drilling fences.
Let me out of here, man.
It's kind of like people in Florida.
I know they're coming in like it said,
Brow is going to increase by 400,000 people, but I'll be dead by them and whatever it said.
Whatever that happens, I'll be dead.
A waitress testifying Monday in Music Producer Phil Spector is murder trial.
Remember, Phil Spector in the wall of sound.
Do you have BMI baby by the runettes?
God, I love that.
I hate Phil Spector.
He killed my girl.
That isn't what I just asked.
I said, do you have BMI baby by the runettes?
BMI.
You got it?
I'm going to find it.
A waitress testifying yesterday, Music Producer Phil Spector is murder trial.
Described him as fatherly, but also said he once discarded her and her friend out of his mansion
while carrying a rifle or a shotgun.
Oh, shotgun, I do like that too, by Edwin Walker.
Wasn't Edwin Walker did the shotgun?
I'll find it.
Oh, it's the runettes.
It's Phil Spector's wall of sound.
Junior Walker in the Alstair.
Who do I say?
I don't know.
Edwin Walker.
Edwin Walker was 25 miles away.
Well, Junior Walker in the Alstair.
How could I not know that?
That's what I'm meeting Edwin Feebos.
I'm a simple man.
I'm so little cute.
Carrot and shotgun.
I'm a shotgun, dude.
You walk any Alstair.
Kathy Sullivan testified.
Junior Walker thought it was silly for Spector to walk into a car with a gun.
And that he looked like the cartoon character Elmer Fud in the game downstairs with a weapon
while wearing a plaid.
He said, I thought I thought I put a cat.
And she thought it was a spokesman.
He says, where is the rest of the senators?
In Ottawa.
Well, I'm telling you, I'm so depressed about those Buffalo savers.
They really stuck the joy in us.
They're about as dangerous as a dead man.
She said she had told investigators it was the funniest picture in the whole wide world,
but she also testified.
Once she and her friend were overwashed, she remarked, I'm so glad we're out of there.
Like the Mexicans say when they get across the border, I'm so glad we're out of there.
Spector 67 is accused of murdering actress Lina Clarkson in the foyer of his mansion.
I always say foyer.
And I'm sure that that's the correct English pronunciation.
But obviously it should be foyer, because it's a French word, is it not?
You're right on both counts, but I say foyer also.
And so does everybody?
For your father.
For your father.
For your foyer?
For your foyer?
For your foyer?
For your foyer?
I like that.
It's kind of cute.
And so the maker.
Clarkson died of a gun shot through the mouth.
Oh, I guess he was making sounds with his mouth when that happened.
And the early hours of February 3rd, 2003, Spector's defense claims she shot herself.
Four other women have testified, Spector threatened them with guns before Clarkson's death.
It's like staying somebody shot the dog.
No, it was a suicide.
Right.
Same thing.
Psychic rat.
Sullivan, the server, won a Spector's favorite restaurant.
It's testified that in 97 or 98, she and other waitress named Susan.
Oh, the Bucky Hamson Susan.
I do like that.
Susan, you've been really losing.
Who would become friends with Spector to pizza and wine to his home and spent the night there in separate rooms?
Oh, there it is.
You got them all, man.
I got it.
I got them all the time.
I don't got it.
We're the without our kids.
Susan, I think you're really losing.
You're cruising for a bruise in Susan.
She said the next morning as they were about to depart Spector left them in the foyer and returned carrying a long gun.
Sullivan said she asked Spector what the weapon was for.
He said, protection.
She testified.
Sullivan said that Spector kept the gun pointed down as he walked into Susan's car, and that she never felt threatened by him.
But she and Susan were both very shocked by him.
They said, what was that?
Yeah, he whipped out a piece and they said, what was that?
Sullivan said the night before Clarkson's death, she and Spector met Clarkson.
Clarkson was working.
I was thinking about that Snickers bar just now.
That was a cute line.
Of course, nobody knows what, thank God nobody knows what I was talking about.
Sullivan said the night before we can only hope Clarkson's death.
She and Spector met Clarkson who was working at the restaurant to a VIP room with ounce of blues, where she was a hostess.
Spector ordered a series of drinks as they moved from restaurant to restaurant, but I never crossed my mind he might be an ebrated Sullivan said.
No, after the first 30 or 40 pops, why would you think he'd be bruised up a little bit?
Former House of Blues General Manager Eric Bergham or testified that Spector did not appear to be staggering or having trouble moving in security videos showing them arriving there and later leaving with Clarkson.
Oh, too bad it wouldn't have been Kelly Clarkson.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that would have been right.
I wouldn't have said.
You said it seemed you the Susan and Susan and Mr. Spector got a kick out of you, Rosen said.
That prompted Sullivan to tell a story.
Well, Susan and I were pretty crazy working on a lounge act.
She said, and we would go up to Phillips House and she would bring her guitar.
We would do some of our numbers for him, which were clearly terrible.
And they do a number form.
I've had a lot of six to the number form.
Give a nice recording contract, nice big fat one, light it up.
And he would sit there very nicely just sort of nodding at the end of it.
And he wouldn't tell us to shut up. He'd simply say, have you thought about this song?
He would lead us out to something else.
Like sex.
It was just very kind and something like a dad would do when he saw his kids ballet recital.
Spector Rose DeFam in the 60s and 70s, changing rock music with what became known as the wall of sound recording technique.
Clarkson was best known for role in the 85 film Barbarian Queen.
All the Queen is all the time.
I've seen all the other movies too.
Now but you have and now that she was naked in some of the tour you wish, Hoplis.
Was she?
Yes.
She was?
Beautiful woman, yes.
Lana Clarkson?
Yes.
She was naked, Stark naked as a jaybird?
Topless.
Or a thong.
Oh, a thong.
Maybe she was thinking about a higher movie.
Maybe she was on the movie.
Maybe she was on the movie.
For a film specter, you think very well for Barbarian Queen too.
I thought it's all putty cat.
All right, let's take a look at this poll and see what the significance of this is for our future and the future of QAM.
Now who used to say that was that rock solid?
Big O, yeah, figures.
What do you mean used to?
He still does that?
I don't know.
You think I'm up 5 to 7 in the morning, waiting to hear the big O?
Do you really believe that?
Are you?
First of all, you grew up and...
Yeah, you'd miss out a sweet.
Who now's awake at that hour?
I'm QAM.
Oh my God.
I remember the first time I heard that and I thought, is this serious?
Is this like a put on?
Yeah.
And it's not serious.
I don't think of that.
Oh, and speaking of being serious, I've got to tell you this before the year, before the show.
And that is that every newscast, now like at the end of ABC News, has got a segment, a whole segment on...
Well, since the IMS thing now, everybody's getting fired and nobody can say crap.
See, at least we're conditioned already.
But we couldn't say crap before I'm a Scott Kahn, so not much is going to change here.
We can't play like 90% of the bits.
I can't say crap.
We can't do anything.
So thanks to Joyce, we don't have to worry about that crap.
Well, I mean, 1022 on the full way away over 1,000.
What's Chris thinking today?
Like 1,300?
Wow.
Would that be something on a Tuesday in the middle of an L. Kinsey, the mile?
Yeah, it's on good.
It really is the dog days already.
That's pretty sad commentary about a horse and buggy town that's supposed to be like a major metropolitan area.
But never has been and never will be.
It's still a big spread out hick town.
Am I right about that?
Oh, yeah.
With a whole bunch of unconnected beds, that have nothing to do with each other.
There's no score at all.
It's just there's no score.
I mean, it's rotten to the core, but there's no score.
And then when we get to the story about the, the root drivers, how come I got that way down in my pool here?
In my pile?
Where the hell is it?
Maybe I threw it out.
Oh, here it is.
You hear everybody's talking about that.
Even her Kinsey and Vot talking about that.
I wonder what's that kind of do with sports?
They're going to get called on the carpet again.
Better called right concepts to clean that carpet because they're getting called on the carpet a lot these days.
You guys are talking enough sports.
Sports.
It's a sports station.
You morons.
Talk sports.
And then maybe you can do like a one share instead of that one eight.
I would listen to QM more more often if we have a thousand twenty eight votes.
That is staggering.
That's pretty impressive.
Considering the fact I'm not taking any calls.
We're supposed to be out of business.
I'm a dottering old food, you know.
And we got Paul and Ron are on 15 hours a day now.
And we got that loud mouth from New York talking a lot of crap and making up all kinds of garbage about the ratings which he does know a number from his ass.
I would listen to QM more often if there was more non sports programming, two hundred ninety, two ninety baby.
That's twenty eight point two percent non sports programming.
Not more sports than a morning.
Although since they got the doll Kimba on there, I mean what's he going to talk about?
Although I do want to hear a lot more about Kenny getting laid not not.
Oh God.
A lot of puke is out there.
Now Ricky Tickey, he was a good puke.
And he peeth is what is successful for fifty freaking years in a business man.
Fifty years.
A lot of like that.
Like Bella Legosi.
In fact give him a rich show next time you talk to him.
Give him Johnny Depp's number.
Okay.
Like Bella, you know, had a call up Johnny.
I would listen to him more often if I and I already listened day in night one hundred seventy four seventeen percent loyal man.
That's what we like people that are just maybe the radio is broken.
It can't change the dial.
That's okay.
We'll take it.
If George had his own show one fifty eight ball one sixty just got to the mole.
And I think it's probably clearance in Joe Bell.
That's right.
Not.
I listen to QM more if more often if Joyce died one hundred forty nine.
We should have probably put on there but don't don't change it.
Oh the bond.
That's our wicked death.
A wicked nasty pain came to me.
I go we would have.
Oh talk about well deserved paint my body and death.
So nasty.
So nasty.
So how now you sell.
If Joe Rose came back they'd listen more hundred eleven.
Well that's I don't know.
I guess who knows what he's going to do.
Does he even he?
I told him.
Didn't I say that when he blew him out of there the first time I said boy that was a bad mistake.
And when they lied to him and they put stern on him blew him out again.
That I said that was the that's what they really broke it into a million pieces.
And here you got all these people the bees Lee sitting around there's jolly Joe sitting on the floor like a little kid.
And they got these million pieces like from a from a juxtapuzzle.
Well let's see I think this one fits in over here.
No it doesn't.
If there was more jolly thirty six if they played more tapes thirty two if the ticket went off the year.
Look how many that's got.
Thirty man only two point eight percent.
They're small potatoes man.
They like to think that they got something going they they do it's crap.
That's what they got going.
If there was more hockey talk twenty five if there was more dolphin talk twenty four.
How do you like that?
And like I said if there was more dolphin talk we'd be drowning and see a jackstraps.
And if there was less guilty finally got a vote just somebody taking a cheap shot of my good close friend.
Gully.
He ate two happy.
Travel a lot of votes for that ten thirty nine on the pool thousand thirty nine.
I think thirteen's the number today and maybe way more than that maybe forty five thousand Chris.
Shoot for the moon man.
Go for it.
Okay.
I think George is going to read the and now you really want me to forward that tape.
Well we'll do that before the show.
I really would.
Thank you.
Forward to tune you can read it and you can weep.
You say oh what a good guy.
Well great.
I know.
I'll put it in my scrapbook.
Hey there's some people who still like us okay.
Not too many.
And you want to know one of the reasons there aren't too many.
It's a secret.
That's right.
That's your thing.
I've got to listen to you and the Beatles.
Do you want to know a secret in fact.
I could be one.
No no more Chinese jokes that those guys got candy with the Chinese joke.
Let me see that the sixty four QM official music survey all I want to hold your hand was number one with the Beatles.
But that's that's about the time of that.
Listen do you want to see that's not a song by the way you got it.
Chit.
What?
Yeah.
You want to know a secret by the Beatles?
How could you not have that of course I heard it somewhere in it.
Well why don't you have on it man.
Pretty woman were missing number two.
She loves you by the Beatles was number three.
Good night my love by Ray Peterson.
I get around by the beach was five.
By the vision by two a staff.
You know in retrospect this might not have set the world on fire but it was better than anything else going on.
You want to know a secret.
People Las Vegas by Elvis.
I like to look person by Bob Lincoln better.
All your heart by I can't read that it's the Chanel's all your heart I never even heard that.
Hard days back by the Beals wow and she's not there by the zombies.
So I like that the zombies I do like the zombies.
In fact I like that catalog the evercrombie and zombie it's my favorite Jen and Dean Deadman's curve.
Watch out for Deadman's curve wasn't that interesting and then all of a sudden was which one was it was it the Jan Berry?
Got that big car wreck in his corvette and he turned it like a vegetable and he's dead now I think one of his dead.
Where did our love go by the Supreme's little geo GTO by running to Daytona's?
Little GTO standing there by the Beals what a Beals roll over the place man they were in your nose and your back though in the bedroom.
In your toilet.
Pull the game from the stud here sports radio 560 to AM.
Pertit.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your playing.
Any questions?
Hello operator give me the number for 911.
This room I have to be up to the hospital.
Hospital? What is it?
It's a big building with patients that's not a 40 by now.
Do I have size? It's the latest in flight. I was traveling far.
Throughout a phase you last night.
Oh, not the heart Dr. Bory not the heart.
And I effected all the nymphons selected. And I have risked.
Do I need a face mask with size?
I have got medically embossed.
Don't know what it is. And some people like dead. It's not in the ancient.
I hope it doesn't enter my head.
It's a sick man. This is where I sick people come.
Oh no! I haven't checked pain. Where's the defibrillator?
There.
This thing paid for itself.
Do I have size? It's the latest in flight. I was traveling far.
To out of Beijing last night.
Well, we're safe for now. Thank goodness we're in a bowling alley.
Do I have size?
Oh, everyone!
Now you got the wrong number.
It's 11.2560 W.
That's why I can't come back to the studio because Miguel wants me quarantine.
And also George Corso, the main believe engineer.
Right. Queer intes.
How many summers ago was that?
Like this would be three years this year I think?
Okay.
Three years ago this summer when they had the big stars of anemic.
Especially in Toronto, A.O.O.G.
They washed those hands.
Wash scrub them.
So somebody at one of our well-meaning guest listeners out there.
Somebody who's got way too much time on his life on his hand.
He sends me the transcript of a Russian limbo.
I'll think about rescuing a turtle on a golf course down in Palm Beach or something.
Do you really think I'm going to read this?
No, I only sent it to you because they're coming up at the top of the pool.
Yeah, I'll get to that in a second. I understand. I agree with that.
Big deal about the next turtle.
But the thing about how we rescue this turtle from these birds.
Oh my God, and the turtle was going to lay its eggs.
And the bird wanted to eat the eggs and bite a meat bite a boop bite bite.
But the interesting part about here is he picked up the turtle and it got scared.
Its head was bopping in and out.
And of course I'm one of those guys who always, that's my fascination with turtles.
I like seeing those heads popping in and out.
You know like, like that.
Turtles I'm talking about.
Yes, yes. I thought maybe you got confused.
What are those candies, those chocolates?
See, there you go again.
Planting the seeds. Planting the seeds of sugar cravings.
I don't have any sugar cravings right now.
Good. Me either.
Although I would like to kiss this nicker good morning.
For the pool, I would...
Sorry, that was just a nicker.
I just sniggered it.
Yeah, you just sniggered a little bit.
And since I would listen to QN Morphehan less commercials.
I don't care about what I'm not using.
It's got the transcript of the story he described to my rescue turtle on the golf course.
I mean, talk about boring and connoisseur.
And not only that, I'm going to like use his material.
I got news for him.
I mean, steal somebody else's material.
But a shrimp could be rushed... a bimbaum.
Man, pop a couple more.
Not properly feeding oxies to the turtle.
That's why his head was popping in and out.
I've seen some of that action.
1061 on the pool.
Now let's add that on there.
If they... let's see.
If they played fewer commercials.
How's that?
Got a criss can we handle it?
He's got it.
Of course, they won't have to worry about that pretty soon.
If Jolly Joe continues knocking those numbers down to the ones.
You don't have to worry about how many... here in too many commercials.
How about a dollar or a holler?
What do you say, huh?
How about Fitties and...
Alright.
Fitties and I was in 63 votes.
Boy, we're going to have 1100 by the bottom of the tower.
And boy, we're going to be dangerous on this pool action today.
And this is not why... you know, I don't understand.
I guess it's just a good pool.
You know, it's very topical.
It's very timely.
It comes at a time when people are wondering...
You know, how soon before we start playing those Hungarian mizurkas on the air.
How soon before Rick Shaw starts working on a morning's on this station?
Why'd you like to be... wouldn't that be great to follow him?
No, but it would be all of that.
It would be...
It would be all those talkups.
It would be great.
And then he and I could do a crossover there at 10 o'clock, once.
Now that whole idea with a crossover.
Or in that class his ID and me and the Humper doing a crossover?
Yes.
And like Chris said, it degenerated with thing where I did all the talking.
Because he was so exhausted by the 10 o'clock camera.
I'm having a good up like a four in the morning.
When you weigh 800 pounds and you have to crawl out and get your fat ass out of bed at four in the morning.
And you have to do a morning show by 10 o'clock.
You can barely breathe.
You know what I'm saying?
You can barely even move.
Well, you probably have a big movement.
But that's about it.
Yeah.
Well, you know what I'm talking about.
I do.
And so that crossover ID was not a good idea.
And plus he always had issues.
Well, Hank's got to go do this free SP at it.
You know, well, excuse me.
Let me know when you're ready.
You know, whenever you need me, I'll be here.
Because I'm just not going anywhere except to would buy.
1070 votes.
I will listen to QM more often if there was more non sports programming and even 328% jolly joe
if there was more non sports programming.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the balls.
God.
I already listened day and night.
182.
People who are just glued to this station who just loves us 17%.
If George had his own show 170, that's what they say now.
But boy, if you had your own show man, they'd be ripping you and ass.
Yeah, whatever.
Wouldn't they?
Some.
And some would say, what, that George is really great.
Well, you're going to get plenty of chance to hear him very soon in almost June, which is very soon.
And then that summer schedule starts.
And the best part of the whole deal is we wouldn't let him put the tape thing in there.
Monday Wednesday and Friday.
Wasn't that pretty, and a little bit, a little bit normal or I ever realized at that point
that we're going to be involved with a guy like this who's so tape-intensive, who's got this love affair with tape.
He's got the tapeworm.
That's what happens when you have a tapeworm.
You eat and you balloon up like a big fat cow and that's a jolly joe is the role in life.
Is he's got that tapeworm problem.
Maybe they got some medicine for that.
I've listened to QM more often if Joyce died, 151.
Then we can have some fun here, at least cut an occasional little cheese.
This a little bit.
Although I think yesterday we had some near accidents, didn't we?
Yeah, there were some close calls.
Oh, well, close to far, it's not real ones.
If Joe Rose came back, they'd listen more 115.
If there was more gildy, 36.
Oh, good, golly. What are you people thinking about?
If they played more tapes, 33, if the tickle went off the earth, still stuck there.
They're not third, man.
Yeah, they're non-factor.
They sit around there and they're patting each other on the back.
You know, Stu got some little kids over there, overgrown children.
And they're talking themselves into a big game and they got squat.
If there was more hockey talk, 25.
And by the way, if having the dolphin games, I don't think it's that big of a deal anymore.
But if it doesn't mean anything, then what it was Joe Feinberg acting like an overgrown child.
Remember that?
Oh, they're an dolphin organization.
Doesn't care about our business.
Yeah, so grow up already.
Nothing worse than a spoiled rich guy.
And our guy that's got a rich daddy who is spoiled and rich.
They've listened more if there was more hockey talk, 25.
How about those sabers speaking of fart sounds?
If there was more dolphin talk, 24.
If there was less gildy, three.
And if they played fewer commercials, it only got two so far.
But it just went on there.
I have a feeling that one may, it's still not just two out of 10, 76.
Maybe that's just an ugly rumor, you know.
Because there's one thing we want to do is we want to make a lot of money.
Okay, well, yeah.
A lot of money here.
That's Joe Bell.
Okay, Miami tops root drivers less for the second year in a row.
New York Boston LA not far behind.
See whether it's sexually transmitted disease, whether it's slime ball.
That was right.
Illegal aliens, whatever it is.
We're number one.
Thank you.
For the second consecutive year, root Miami drivers have earned the city the title of worst road rage in the survey released today.
And see people like to give me a bunch of crap.
Oh, I knew it was so negative.
You know what he hates this time?
Yeah, I'm not negative.
I'm just honest.
I wish that it was like a real living and breathing place.
I invested a lot of my life there and look, I don't want to, I don't want to know part of it.
God, what a place.
What does this fax say?
Who you mentioned running in the Daytona's Ries alive?
Well, he's a barber in Ormond Beach used to cut my dad's hair and says, Frank in Melbourne.
Now he's cutting what's left of my brother's locks.
He's a really nice guy and still has a hand in the music business.
He's got a hand in it.
My father or a tool, he always had a hand in it.
Ronnett.
Okay, getting back, it says, Miami Motorists said they saw the drivers slam on their brakes, run red lights and talk on cell phones according to auto-vantage, a Connecticut-based auto-membership club offering travel services and roadside assistance.
Other cities near the top of the road driver list were New York.
Root, New Yorkers, what a concept.
Boston.
And what have I always told you about the drivers in Boston?
The worst.
I mean, maybe not now, I don't know.
Because when I lived there was on Red Year's Eve. I lived in the early 60s.
Oh my goodness.
Boston LA and Washington DC.
South Miami resident Eric Pinto told the associate press he's probably seen every bad driving heaven on Miami's roads.
You don't want to know what I've seen Pinto, so I've seen everything I'm from LA.
And we don't see the crazy drivers that you see here.
The most courteous drivers can be found in Portland, Oregon, Pittsburgh, the Seattle Tacoma area, San Luis and Dallas Fort Worth, the survey fund.
Well, who the hell wants to live in Pittsburgh?
Me.
All the moverings on me.
Yeah, Portland sounds okay, or Seattle.
Sure, I got a niece in Portland.
Yeah, she probably knows.
She's a niece anyway.
Oh, I see.
How old is she?
She's a Christ.
She's an adult, but she's a niece for crying out loud.
Well, what does that mean?
What are you getting so emotional about?
I am making perverted jokes about my kids.
I didn't make it.
Chris, did I say anything perverted?
I did.
I always pretend she was your niece.
That's true.
How old is she?
Twenty-something.
Well, so what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
You married?
No.
Well, is she a lesbian or something?
She's a board again, Christian.
Oh, my God.
Like I said, stayed the hell away from that.
She's a sweetheart.
I think what you think she is.
I love her dearly.
Do you really?
Yes, I do.
Well, how do you interplay with your aunt?
We avoid the issue.
We all know how aware we stand on particular subjects.
No, no, no, no, no, I'm not asking them.
I mean, if she's in up there, what about you?
You talked her on the phone or stuff?
Yeah, email and whatnot.
What do they mean?
They don't see her, though.
Correct.
Well, maybe she's a hateful board again.
No, no, no.
Well, let's hope not.
I'm not knocking your relatives.
Do you understand?
I do.
I already got there.
I know that.
Not for all your lives.
Will you, can I please finish this?
Please, this is very important.
This is what they're all talking about.
What a cooler.
This is like this is a bulletin.
You know, Miami drivers are the rudest like anybody would know that.
Portland drivers were the least likely to see other motor
was tailgating on the roadways.
And St. Louis motorists were least likely to swear another driver.
Minneapolis St. Paul is rated the most courteous last year, but fell to number 12 this year.
Well, the most frequent cause of road raid cited in the survey was in patient motorists.
That's me.
I have no patients, man.
It's a good thing I'm not a doctor.
I'd be out of business because I have no patients.
Drivers also said road rage can stem from poor driving and fast lanes and driving while stressed, frustrated or angry.
There's nothing worse than somebody pulling up next to you down there and looking at you going like that.
That is not a good sign.
The best piece of advice is to take a deep breath, slow down, be aware and careful of the Ottawa-Vandes spokesman Todd Smith said.
He said the aim of the survey is to increase drivers safety across the nation.
Ride.
Not just to embarrass people who live in South Florida.
More than 2500 drivers who regularly commute in 25 major metropolitan areas were asked to rate road rage and road driving in telephone surveys.
And here's the 25 worst, worst rudest drivers on the road.
You ready?
I'm going to do them fast.
Miami's worst followed by New York Boston LA Washington DC Phoenix, Chicago 7th, Sacramento, California, Philadelphia, San Francisco, Houston, Atlanta's 12, Detroit's 13th.
Minneapolis St. Paul Ballumer, Tampa, San Diego, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Denver's number 20.
Dallas for work 21, San Luis 22, Seattle to coma 23, Pittsburgh 24, Portland, Oregon 25.
That last, which is a good thing, it means they're polite.
Like here.
Polite friendly.
Come.
Not historical.
Not angry.
Not foaming at the mouth.
Not like that.
Not even at the Toronto Bronx cheer.
Ah.
Miss Station Brothers.
Real American Heroes.
Real American Hero.
Today, we salute you, Mr. Neighborhood Association President.
You can't paint for weeks.
Help barbecues, shook hands and kissed babies.
Now, you are in complete control of the plan community governance.
And you rule with an iron fist.
I develop men, does he?
Yes, Mr. Neighborhood Association President.
You enforce fence heights.
Garbage container uniformity.
And lawn watering schedules armed with the wisdom of King Solomon.
He's my H2 by your grace.
You even judge the holiday decorating contest.
And your house always wins.
So the next time you're digging up your mailbox post,
because it's one of the half inches too short.
Put down your shovel and raise your arm and salute to the Sultan of Suburbia.
Mr. Neighborhood Association President.
A real American Hero.
Mr. Neighborhood Association President.
What?
No.
I wasn't going to put in a pool.
Not not me.
And as we call it, sir, Florida Mr. Kondo Commando.
Look at this email going around urging motorists to boycott cast Nationwide today.
Are they doing it?
No.
Is it going to have any impact?
No.
It's like farting into a wind storm.
It's like farting into a hurricane.
Just don't make that sound.
Oh, yeah.
Well, hurricane sounds, right.
We shouldn't be talking about it either, because real people don't fart.
Okay, that's just something that perverts talk about and pretend happens.
There's no such thing as a fart.
What you smell, it was just your imagination.
Mm-hmm.
And oh, I just want to say this to Sean.
I'm sure he's not a Sean to pull, but there's a Sean on our Myspace.
Who's got like this mouse?
I don't even know what it is.
Not a real picture.
He says he doesn't know how to put a real picture on what it...
Low down dirty liar.
See, you're messing with my informant here.
This guy sends me a lot of good stories here, and I use them all.
It's the same process to put a real picture on there as a thing.
I don't care.
I don't need to see his picture.
All I know is that he's at least sends me a lot of good stuff that I don't have time.
Do you think I got like 80 hours of data on the show?
That's a scary line.
You're going to screw up my source man.
My source for a lot of tourists.
He sends some good stuff.
I just want to thank him.
That's all he's sent over.
I made some crack about that yesterday about no picture.
And the fact, remember, he sent the Rick Shaw thing too after Brandon sent it a couple of times?
Yes.
And he sent it and so did the guy with a palm tree who also has no picture.
I don't really care.
If it's something that sends me some useful crack,
I don't really need to go through a big saw in the dance.
You're just a bastard man.
Well, that's a fact.
I know it's a fact.
It's also a fact.
I love it all a sudden by the way in the Polk Race, 11.07.
Wow, I'm in heaven.
And the bread is unleavened.
Wonder how Siddler-Vin's doing?
I better call him up one.
Siddler-Vin?
No, not Siddler-Vin.
Siddler-Vin.
Siddler-Vin.
Actually, it's 11.11.
Is he unleavened?
Actually, it's 11.21.
Don't try to like turn the clock back.
Okay, once you're making a little bit of progress,
don't treat me moving the hand back.
I got 11.11.
I see it on there.
Just relax.
What if you want one?
151.159.
Oh, it's over.
See ya.
The man who once played the son on TV.
I'm going to say this guy sends me a lot of good stuff.
I'm just trying.
I want to be grateful to people who are good to me for crying out loud.
There's some good people on it.
I'm sure he's a great person.
I just...
I don't know if he's a great person or not,
but he's certainly very useful.
I just want you to realize I appreciate what he's doing
and he got all been out and not been out of shape,
but he got a little bit defensive, you know.
You don't have to be defensive.
It's just a radio show for Christ sake.
You don't have to make a line with it.
You just have to make a little line with it.
You have to say I like it.
I mentioned I haven't just...
Just rely.
I'm not talking about Ricky Tiki's show.
I'm talking about Ricky, the...
you know, our friend with all the...
all the girl problems.
Just go for it, Ricky.
Okay, let us know how it is.
In fact, George has shared a little bit.
Not what he's getting.
How do you know that?
He's getting soarous.
I already got that.
The man who once played the song on TV is married,
which children's been arrested on charges of marijuana
possession and disorderly intoxication police said,
News Smirno Beach, what a horrible place.
I haven't I never been there.
It just doesn't sound good.
David Anthony Faustino, 33, who played Bud Bundy in the TV sitcom,
was arrested in News Smirno Beach over the weekend.
After an office in saw, I'm arguing in the middle of the street
with his ex-wife.
The couple who told police they'd been drinking,
little drinking pool here every now and then,
were arguing in a silver car on Flagler Avenue
at around two in the morning Saturday police said.
Their fight didn't get physical, but officers later found
a clear bag in Faustino's pocket that carried about a gram
of marriage wini.
Oh, let's get back to that again.
How much is a gram now?
Did you learn?
No.
In fact, my friend Matt on my space sent me like a whole,
I guess he's the voice of experience.
When I go to Canada or overseas, I'll take a conversion chart
with me, but up until then, I don't need to learn that.
Graham?
I thought we discussed this before.
We didn't.
We forgot it immediately.
The five foot three blue-eyed brown-haired star,
known for his TV role as a son of a bit,
or a son of a dysfunctional family, was arrested early Saturday.
More and take to the Volusia County branch day
and release the same day.
David Anthony Faustino, but Bundy,
I didn't watch that show.
I hated that show.
I thought that was one of the dumbest shows.
I mean, I married with children.
Do you think that that guy was funny?
Al Bundy?
In the early days, I thought it was a funny show
and it got unfunny about that.
I couldn't watch that for a long time.
It's not for you.
It's not for me.
What does that mean?
It's not for me.
It's not for me.
It's not for me.
It's for family comedy.
If you were a married guy with children
with a horrible abuse of wife,
then you'd think it was hysterical.
So you're saying that you're married a guy
with a wife and a abusive wife and a horrible children?
I think I'm a children of great.
Oh, well, thank God he's not ripping the kids yet anyway.
Yet, this way till Sabrina gets married
or her starts getting serious with some guy.
Then you're going to start getting really psychotic.
Then you're going to lose it.
Oh, this guy is such a retard and such a son of a bitch.
I have nothing but confidence in her case.
Okay, well, that's good.
Put that on the record.
Have that tape ready, Chris?
Have that tape ready so that when she comes home,
she says, Dad, Dad!
I decided I'm getting engaged and you're going to be a chickened guy
out from the head to toe.
I'll tell you what,
if he's good looking, I'll check him out for it.
Okay.
He's got to pass your inspection.
He's going to pass the exam.
I'm going to check him out from the head to toe.
Every nook and granny.
Every nook and granny.
Every nook and granny is going to check your granny, sweetie.
Oh.
What are you laughing about?
Nothing.
I'm just going to find a way to make a joke.
1122 on the pool.
Well, I'm telling you, the votes are poor.
And this is what we need, man.
We need a miracle.
It's like the Buffalo Sabers, man.
They're down three games to none.
They've got a Chinaman's chance in Purgatory.
And a chance even winning a game in that series,
I think, is not existing.
That's what we need is a miracle.
All these years that I've been, you know,
faking my way through or whatever.
Doing this like Rick Shaw says,
there ain't nobody like me and he's right.
Thank God for that.
And then all those years succeeded miraculously
without Jolly Joe Bell.
And now he's doing his van this to see that we failed.
Because, you know, misery loves company.
They don't want, you know, just to rest some of the other guys to fail.
They sure as hell did everything to make sure that the Humper Fail.
Look what's happened to him.
He's like a broken old man now.
I shouldn't have said that.
Should I?
That's true.
One of his biggest fans told me that this morning on the email here said,
and it's some cost to comment to me.
And I thought it was very appropriate.
I mean, it was very over the top.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that's what happens when he keeps screwing people around, man.
And messing with people's lives, you put them on in the morning,
and you put them on in the afternoon, you put them on over here,
and you put them, you know, they just don't,
they haven't got a clue, man.
They broke it and it's smashed.
We need a miracle.
We need this audience.
We need to mobilize the 50 people we got left to go out there with sandwich boards
and posters and signs and, you know, like something.
Am I right?
We need something.
Yeah, little something.
Somebody throw us a life raft, man.
We're drowning over here.
Keep calling your child a pig or anything else is improper,
and inappropriate, and I apologize to my daughter for saying something to someone
that I really meant to say to someone else.
And I realized that, you know, that was wrong.
I'm sorry.
But I had never done this before in my life.
I'm sorry to anyone that was offended by what happened.
I'm sad about the way it all played out.
So I've asked NBC to let me out of my contract and let me leave the show.
If I never reacted again, I couldn't care less.
Alex, thank you.
I love you.
I love you.
Well, that was short and sweet boy.
Come here, right off guard.
Right guard.
Yeah.
Well, I did use a little too much, I think.
There's nothing worse than people that don't use deodorant, man.
There are very few things worse than that.
I mean, we're gonna musty clothes that you've been sleeping in.
That's not too appealing either.
But at least we're a smear a little spray a little something.
Put some mothballs in it.
1141 and at Paul Boy, we are really super, super, super duper dangerous today, man.
It's a good sign, see?
Sure.
I think we're still doing a little bit here on the show between 10 and 2.
Not a lot, but a little bit.
Because that's got to feel for it.
What?
Under the circumstances the best we can do.
I think that's something that I'm very well under the tremendous limitations.
I'm on the unbelievable derest.
All these dangerous arrests.
And you know something speaking of smell, I've actually there's some real bad aroma under
the joyous duress.
Why?
Why would you take us there?
Because it's almost lunchtime.
I'm trying to help people die.
I'm trying to help people try this in some way.
That'll make you lose your mind.
Thinking about what's under the joyous duress.
Ah, they don't know.
Here's the facts from one of our regular chronic fractures who says,
it seems to me that whoever decides on the program, we must effort up on purpose so they can pretend to fix it.
I can't find any other explanation of what goes on a QA.
You are absolutely correct.
It says I could fix all the programming problems and creed-list new audience in one week.
And the only experience I had beside listening is knowing Kenny Bernstein since we were kids.
In other words, I have no experience.
Who's Kenny Bernstein?
The power promotion guy.
One of the power promotions guys.
Is he?
Yeah.
Do you have a Jewelwork in there?
Apparently, yeah.
A couple of.
Oh, and power 96 we have a Jewelwork there.
Boy, no wonder Mandy Bell had a girl.
Tony, the Tigers are Jewelwork.
He is?
Sure.
Tony, the Tiger is Jewish?
Sure.
And gay.
Oh, I didn't say that.
Did you say that?
I didn't say that.
Why would I say that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What is your friend?
Boyfriend?
I don't know.
Both?
Maybe.
I don't know.
That's our good friend Ricky out there.
Boy, he's got some great stories.
Maybe he'll write it.
I think he'll write it too.
Oh, it's a lengthy story.
If you think the last one was good.
Oh.
This one is even better.
Wow.
Does this one have sex rather than violence?
I guess, you know, you can't have one without the other.
So it all depends on how hard you are.
You know how desperate you are to get late.
I don't know.
I just push him all the luck and he's walking in the hand.
He's good people.
And I'm saying good people.
He deserves better than whatever fate he's getting there.
Just stay away from the crazy people, right?
That's all I can tell you.
1143 votes.
I would listen to the QM more often if there was more non-sports.
For a real 317, almost 28%.
I'll be listening day and night.
186.
I listen so much.
I got QM coming out of my ears.
16.2%.
186.
If George had his own show, I'd listen more 175.
If George died, 159.
Die, die, you know, baby.
I would dance naked in the streets.
If that bitch would die soon, like this week would be good.
What a good week for George to die.
If Joe Rose came back, 121.
If there was more guilty, 40.
Why are those people doing that?
I guess because they can because this group will put it on the pool.
Good pool, by the way.
Thank you to our friend at University Dodge, whoever that is.
Probably want to kimb his boyfriend.
If the ticket went off, the year 35, a mere 3%.
They are non-compous weenest, man.
They're like a little thorn in our side.
That's all they are.
Just an annoyance.
If they played more tapes, 34, we'd listen more, right?
There you go, Joe.
Hop on that.
If there was more hockey talk, 28.
If there was more dolphin talk, 26.
If they played fewer commercials, it's starting to make a move.
It's up to 14.
From nowhere, from Zipety, due to out of 14.
And if there was less guilty, he's got Solomon Teocho.
Eight.
Well, you, guilty fans, man.
You're going to be jumping for joy the rest of the week, starting tomorrow.
I mean, Humphers on today.
Oh, and as a matter of fact, look at that.
Did I read this?
I don't recall finishing the schedule.
I never did get a minute.
I don't recall you starting it, son.
I'm very good.
I said, how's it going?
Two o'clock we got the mad dog.
You read it, and never did start.
Well, that's bad.
I tried to promote the schedule.
Like the mad dog will be the guy that'll tell you.
He says, I sure know how to sneak that stuff in there and promote.
Cross promote, like that awful Kenny and Bo Moring show is on 7 to 10.
I mean, anyway, Humphers follows with the mad dog 4 to 5 in the power hour.
That's my brainchild, baby.
So listen to it and just say, oh, this was Neil's idea.
And then, you know, I mean, even if you don't like it, but at least it's my idea.
5 to 630, it's the Humper at the ASPN zone in Baltimore, because that's where everybody is for the Freakness.
Now, who's the horse street smarts?
Is that the one that's named Street Sins?
Oh, you'd smarts.
I don't even know.
I've never get already.
Well, it's like almost two weeks ago, so we can have.
The horse that came from 19th and won the Derby, going away, just demolished the field with that ancient jockey, man.
Calvin Barrel, like I about 400 years old, that you got all bent out of ship, because Sean the pull guy just mentioned his name and that facts.
And you got all over him like Stink on Joyce, man.
Just because he barely mentioned, he's always talking about harness racing.
The Kentucky Derby is not a harness racing.
The Kentucky Futurity is harness racing.
Let's talk a little bit about that.
Let's talk about Frank Irving and Brett Hanover, what do you say?
Around Baldwin and Steve Scott.
Or like they've won a little koot called in a couple weeks ago.
Let's talk about who raced against Unida Mai.
Remember that guy?
Yeah, at least 140 years old.
Are you still with us?
I'm ready here.
Oh, Marlon's on Deck at 630 following the Humper Show from Baltimore.
And then Marlon's had Pittsburgh to take on the Pirates Boy.
What a franchise.
705 followed by Game Night with Eddie K after the ballgame.
Now let's see what this Jonathan Plantation says.
Did anybody mention the crank collar who spoke about you on the gym defeatist show this morning?
No, it was funny as hell and took him totally by surprise.
Oh, I thought that the next paragraph was connected with that.
It says, by the way, I miss waiting on a ball move.
I wish we could have a Joyce free day just once.
Oh, well, I can be with you.
He says, keep up the good work and keep playing that Florida cheer.
Yeah, this is what the driver said when you pull a long side road on the window and they go like that.
It's just so damn appropriate.
He says, hey, you knew the Florida, well, guess what?
Now, waiting on a ball move, can we play that?
It's just called ball moves, as you know.
Yeah, I know.
It's one of the Steve, one of Steve Nichols babies.
You know, I don't think there any sounds in it, are there?
I don't think so.
Are there any extra three sounds?
Well, we can always dump it.
I don't know too much about you.
Oh, he didn't say that, did he?
He has to try.
He's supposed to know.
Uh-oh.
Just have a big marina with big airbrides.
Sauce the on top with some extra spice.
Lots of extra spice.
Not there in a bathroom with an egg it's having.
Salamacko soup, thought I was ready.
Waking up drops weren't reading the news.
yer
I think he's switching feet, clean.
Well.
I'm holding my breath.
hh
Because I blessed my try to make the thunder
in the warmitive or sad wonder
so sweet and 남의 this evening, 1962
He had a w without a bow move
Cause him all about it
From cheese, let's turn to glue
Oh, That'scure lot's
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh wow wow представля hasn't stepped back yet I can enjoy it a lot
Now I'm like the other one. This one you remind me toward the end for the ass end.
I can say that. This one gotta be.
It does not go off.
Alright.
He's gotta be cut short.
Hi.
He makes it smell like something dead.
The wrong at the ass end.
Well put it big.
You better jump in the road.
Welcome.
He got the hide and hide.
Oh no.
He's old man.
Oh he's on the cold.
He got the fairtide in his meal.
He's always holding the health food.
He had a blue-placed wrestler with three fried beans.
And you can hear his crack explode.
He's been a tradypho.
You better jump in the road.
You better hide and hide my friend.
The old man.
He's on the cold.
He's careful now.
I've spent a long waiting room.
Oh that's it.
Maybe not a long room.
Oh.
What was that?
I mean that was me squeaking on this leather chair here.
More leather pants on a leather chair.
See I auditioned that.
Let's do it on audition during the break.
Just to make sure that there wouldn't be no surprise.
And you know what?
There's still is a surprise.
Here's another surprise.
It's surprise Tuesday on QAM.
Okay break in secret folks.
They won't justify their way.
Oh.
I never forget as long as I've had the guy that called in said
that the people in the office were doing cartwheels and swooning.
When they heard me out.
Oh yeah.
This last week remember that?
Like we were.
Whatever the studio here.
No you weren't.
You trust me.
Believe me you know that it's just a worth it.
Maybe someday.
Maybe one day if I like win the a lot of like a lot of tomorrow nights 13 million.
So here's my promise.
Okay if I win a lot of tomorrow night Thursday I'm going to play this
and it's entirety from start to finish until you dump it and they come in and shut the thing up and dump it.
Well Chris will.
Chris needs the paycheck man.
He's got those children in support he's going to be having someday.
She'll have a lot on I won't know.
Drop it.
Remember your partner?
Share some of the winnings and I won't drop it.
In other words he can be bribed.
For the right price he'll do anything.
He'll let anything on here.
He doesn't care.
1175 votes on that pool if there were fewer commercials it's up to 19.
I just mentioned that in passing.
I'm not saying we got too many commercials.
Certainly not an issue because it's in my contract.
It wasn't in the contract to be running 40 minutes an hour.
Right.
You know that damn well.
Yeah.
I mean running 20 minutes an hour.
People don't realize it's a constant fight to keep the commercials as low as they are.
In addition to which it's not just the commercials there's another thing we've done on this show.
And as we prevent it.
And except for those baseball ones and those really frost my ass.
What's the point in that?
Don't we know.
Don't we know what a home run sounds like all over quite frankly.
I know what a home run sounds like.
The real broadcasters are the better.
You know sports here.
Oh, but we always have to have these clips from the game like these people are so stupid they don't know what a what a what a what a what a what a what a baseball game is you know sports is good.
Marlins are playing the pirates tonight in Pittsburgh and there's a long fly ball up up and away.
That's a home run.
I you know it would be one thing if we had some some dramatic broadcast there but we don't.
Something exciting that might convince somebody to listen to it.
Oh, here's another fact that says I really wish you could recapture that.
This is a sterifle you like this.
This is great.
This is the same guy that facts yesterday about the old days now I used to be such a good mood.
I got this for if I sounded like I was in a better mood right now I would be spasming out you know what I would do.
He says I really wish your show could recapture that upbeat choking attitude you have with colors on ZVNW.
Well, I'm not having any problem with colors because I'm not taking any and that's the and these colors are the best none.
It made me look forward to instead of dreading who is going to call next and what trouble you in the color would get into.
Now the only fun you have is with George and whoever else is sitting with him but even that is the same inside jokes over over again.
I know you say your show is the way because of what choice one let you play however you were ready or early long before you were playing blue material.
What changed?
Well this is so obvious.
This is like I mean I look at this and I say holy Moses it's obvious and transparent.
You think you were more willing to cozy up with listeners and vice versa when you felt you were one of them in South Florida.
Nowadays you clearly have a U versus them the it is that mean it's such an awful place approach.
My approach is any different now than it ever was.
It isn't any different in fact I'm ecstatic because I'm not there so all this crap about oh it used to be upbeat.
I'm as upbeat as an old fart can be.
Things happen all the time to bind a community together.
Sure you can read about them from the internet but nothing stands out in the sterile eight and a half by 11 world of printing internet news pages.
No eye-catching placement of headlines are above the full stories.
For example right now all the South Florida is dealing with the worst drought in decades.
Maybe in anyone's lifetime and smoking a listen they're saturating the air affecting breathing.
Well another good reason for me not to be there.
If you're experiencing that as your listeners are that would be material for the show.
Well guess what I don't want to have that as material for the show.
Sharing everybody's misery I'm trying to give them a few yucks okay.
Oh gee isn't this really horrible that we can't breathe.
And as a matter of fact during the hurricane the best coverage was on this show because I was getting it off the internet and we stayed on the air.
We didn't have to worry about getting blown away.
You could stay with Colin share their stories with you as you would share with him.
He was scratching bitter it would be local material that matters to the listeners.
This is so obvious man so transparent.
Maybe it's not as important as people dying in pointless wars.
No, but neither was any of the local material used to occupy the subject of your show.
I don't mean those old serious topic shows but your humorous free flow of statistical take on local government,
which I don't talk about local government, construction which I never talk about construction, business fads, fashion, which I don't talk about fads or fashion, etc.
Also the more you experience the local issues make it seem it's about them the more local material for recorded bits.
Right like Bokeh Bryant isn't in Bokeh anymore.
Or is it lack of focus on your part trying to appeal to everyone to avoid narrow casting?
Do you want serious issue callers for fun entertainment callers or a mix?
You want older, not on any callers.
You want older callers that can relate to Motown or Young listeners that can relate to the internet?
You want to do a national issue for South Florida listeners.
Or where listeners rather call you about new local matters affecting them in their lives.
Hip restaurants for you to try and hang out such as City Place of Atlantic Avenue,
which you might know or at least hear more about if you were down more.
I don't want to be down more.
You recently told a listener you didn't care to discuss and issue you raised about his town because he didn't live there.
However when you live in South Florida you were always making fun issues in towns outside of your own such as Miami Beach,
Mies Skies, Hallendale, Tamarack Del Rey like we don't play those bits anymore to talk about them, no more.
Right. Also you like to dismiss Palm Beach County as Hick and for Goyam.
However did you know that the affluent crowd they used to reside near as such as Western Evan Surah are now living in Western areas of Lake Worth,
Boyton Beach, Wellington. I really don't care. Good luck to them.
I'll pack them a salami sandwich.
I know those towns run herdo 15 years ago or had only old people but they would be great listeners for your target especially if you're tired of the usual cranks.
Well guess what? How am I going to find them? Okay. I'm going to go out there with my target. I'm going to grab them and tap them on a shoulder you idiot.
You could start by adding the Palm Beach Posty repertoire of local community happening sources and didn't we yesterday read the Josie Lambie thing from the Palm Beach Post?
Yes we did. And the Palm Beach Post I wouldn't like my ass with it. How do you like that?
I didn't realize we had some kind of a major problem on this show and this guy, uh, Deckert LLP whoever in hell I think it's Walt Sabo.
Wouldn't surprise me. He knows about as much about the business as Walt Sabo which is less than nothing.
You like to reminisce about the impact you used to have on local issues, eating, dieting, other entertainment issues.
Of course you're not going to change the world by reading other people's national issue writings but you can and having the past effect local issues, hang out areas etc.
and create a connection with the local market you left in the residences, the residences who live there.
As opposed to the residents who live there, well whatever. The poor sluppers who are still stuck there.
It's what he's trying to say in a very inept way, giving me a hospital. In fact, can I narrow this down because it took a lot of time.
Let me just translate it for you.
Yeah, that's all.
Historical. I really wish you could recapture the upbeat joking attitude.
This sounds like you know another one of our cranks. One of these maybe PD Lenny wrote it in the spirit time.
Hey, my, and I write all those as a chronic facts. You're this is a regular.
Regular expert and like I said, I'm not taking any calls. I don't have a problem.
It's almost noon. If I take any calls today, did we take any yesterday? Do I plan on taking any between noon and two?
No. We're doing fine. We had 1191 votes on the poll. There are a tremendous number of hits on our website.
There is no evidence to me that we have some tremendous deficiency. And like I said, I'm starting over again, man.
I'm rebuilding with a whole different concept. The idea that I'm going to make this show a prisoner to four or five more on's out there for a company that will roll with the finger to do anything for their highest rated show.
I'm not going to just sit down, go out like a clown like that. I'm not going to happen.
So all the self-appointed experts out there and Kenny Bernstein and Horven and other guy was all you Ravens. What time is your show on?
He wishes I could capture that up. Yeah, I wish I was 25 years old again too. Okay. I wish I could recapture that year in Palm Beach when I weighed 160 pounds of what I've been in the whole was.
A lot of things we'd like to recapture. Guess what? Ain't going to happen. Ain't going to happen.
And the show isn't going to change because some jackass out there says we are. I wish I wish we had TV for a second.
Because obviously it took me a long time to read that but looking at the page, you know how long it took him to write that? What does he really trying to say?
I have no that's obvious. Not only fun. You have his with George and whoever sitting with him, but even that's the same inside jokes over and over again.
What inside jokes is he talking about besides maybe a different inside jokes all the time? Yeah.
And that's right. We change our inside jokes like a holy Moses for instance. Right. That's it. And of course this thing that pushes this guy off is that he doesn't understand the inside jokes.
He wants to know what it's really all about. Well, come on in. You are so sad sir, whoever you are, you're so sad. And of course he would tell you he's a big fan.
He's trying to help out the show. We don't have a problem on this show. We don't have a problem. I can do a show without calls. I'm not interested in calls.
You know, it's like I've changed the show before. He even mentions going back to the top of the days, the old W's, the snooze, and I.nz. Those days are gone and I picked that up right away, man. Faster than anybody else.
Two shakes of the cows tail. I picked it up and dropped that crap real fast. And just like I pick it up a more and more, that's the days of the callers.
You know, I'm listening to morning. Yesterday morning here's Carl the chronic dark, complex color, the sports color. There are no sports colors either.
The same people over and over again saying the same thing. So you have to be a little creative and you move on forward. Not backward, forward.
It's 1192 on a pool. We got 13-hundred Likres and you know something that puts a real feather in my cap. And for that guy, there's another one for you. No extra charge.
Berk Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8M.
I'm going to go to the top of the pool. And when it's time to head south and round the top. I want to go where the living is.
I'm going to get a flat-life bill. I'm going to live where even you all can have fun. I'm not running from me. On those golden rays, I'm going to die.
I'm going to die. It's my dog. I want to die.
I want to save my life, loving you. Live right for a part. Read the hood, talk to you. And when it's time to head south and round. I want to go where the living is.
I want to die.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to say that long facts. There's another one for you. I just love these people. And I guess it's the purpose of it.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to save my life.
I want to be the first sentence again.
I really wish your show could recap through that upbeat joke attitude you have with colors.
Through the colors, there are not going to be any colors.
At least not until I'm crazy person again.
Until this company decides they want to do something about it, we didn't have the problem back in those days.
Because we had management that understood how a talk station works, how a talk show works.
We had management that wouldn't allow three or four misfits to a destroy their most valuable property.
But these people obviously don't care.
They don't care or they're too stupid to do anything or they're just too afraid of their own shadow to do anything.
And so as a result, I'll do the best I can under the circumstances like George said before.
And we'll still do just fine.
I have no doubts about that.
I'm not one of those people who lacks in self confidence after 30 years of being successful in a market.
Do you think because we had one bad month in a three month book, you think that's going to convince me,
Oh gee man, it's all over now!
Get off that ledge.
Come on.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm out of my little patio looking straight down.
Oh geez, look at us this sunny day. It's a good day to jump.
Not going to jump on a snowy day.
Here's the pool. I would listen to QM more often if there was more non-sports programming, 333, 27.2%.
I already listened day and night, 202.
Let me sit again. The hour preceding us between 9 and 10 in the last book had a 1.5 share in men.
Our first hour, we had a 5.5.
Do the math, okay?
I already listened day and night, 202.
George has his own show, 184. It was a lot more than.
Then you could tell some of those inside jokes.
That's right.
Twice.
If Joyce died, 164.
And then this guy's trying to tell me that Joyce has got nothing to do with it.
Oh my god.
If Joe Rose came back, 125.
If there was more guilty, 43, that's what we need.
Put us over the top.
If the ticket went off the year, 37, still 3%.
I mean, what they have to do with us, you could put in the symbol and have room for Fat Joe's ass left over in there.
If they played more tapes, 37, speaking of Joe, he loves those tapes, maybe, because they're outdated, they're boring, and nobody listens.
Which is, you know, the kind of stuff he can relate to.
No audience.
If there was more hockey talk, 31.
Now we're talking, let's get some of the low lights on from Detroit Slate.
I mean, from a Buffalo Slate, it's lost again.
Carbino pass to the behind of the low shot.
I'm saved by Rudy on the short side again.
Oh, that Kelly Rudy.
Could he stop Marwatt? He's stunk.
Now let's see.
What is NFL films for you?
The guy that sounds like our...
I don't know.
I'm not commercial.
I thought maybe John Fassende would be on.
Leaves today.
Oh my god.
Leaves, how they have lost a game in a playoffs, just like the Panthers.
More hockey talk, 31.
If there was more dolphin talk, 28.
All the dolphins, all the time.
And you notice, now maybe it's just a coincidence I mentioned since we're always
about our noses of all these jocks asked that we ought to have like some drop-ins
from them about your listening to QAM and some show intros and all of a sudden this week we got them.
You notice that?
Yeah.
Must be just a coincidence.
Do you think?
Absolutely coincidence.
If they played fewer commercials, 27, what has come from nowhere and it's moving up fast.
And if there was less guilty, only nine.
Let's pick it up.
I'm guilty, man.
They love me.
Now here's a fact from Frank, one of our ice basers.
He says, New Smurnda Beach is actually a nice town.
It's about 10 miles south of Daytona.
The beaches in Daytona are crowded and nasty.
People want to avoid that.
Go to New Smurnda Beach.
It's also the preferred beach of the people from the Orlando area.
You can still drive on the beach.
It's a small town.
One famous person from that would be Davey Johnson, the former baseball player coach from the Braves, no less.
John Raholthel is in the Spruce Creek fly in which is sort of a suburb of New Smurnda and Port Orange.
He's flying.
I'm sure John Raholthel, hey John.
You're fairy.
Whenever there's a hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean, surfers flock to New Smurnda Beach because the waves are strong since the north of the Bahamas.
You would like that.
I'm sure a bunch of young skinny dudes changing their wetsuits under a towel on the beach, but I digress.
Not if they're too skinny.
I'm not too much of a skinny.
I'm not into fat and I'm not into skinny.
I mean, it'd like to pour.
Do you remember the three beers?
Mm-hmm.
Just try the oldie locks.
They would like it just right.
Not too hot and not too cold.
Just right.
Not too skinny and not too fat.
Just, mm, men's amenza.
Mm-hmm.
Anyways, his New Smurnda usually tops the annual list for shark bites too.
I guess the surfers taste better than anywhere else.
I'll let you know, Frank.
Up!
He says I digress again.
One of the greatest things about New Smurnda, however, is that they get rid of the National Seashore.
Is there?
National Seashore is a USA-owned beach.
Therefore, it isn't regulated by any silly Florida laws, like the discernible, turgid member law.
In other words, it's clothing optional.
And the member optional too.
Anyway, he lived up there for five years.
If the limb was right, he could actually hear the show.
It says Frank.
Thank you, Frank.
That's a very good travel log there.
I'm New Smurnda Beach.
As opposed to that previous fact from this Decorate LLP, whoever that person is.
Boy, and what's the 215 area code, by the way?
I don't know.
I can look it up.
Well, look it up.
Google it.
215 area code.
It's not even in South Florida.
Is it there's no such area code 215?
It's not even a local person.
Is it somebody in the Annem's Veld, who's given me a lecture about Philadelphia?
Philadelphia.
Oh my god.
Philadelphia, my ass, Decorate LLP.
This is somebody who's not even in town.
This is probably one of the beeslies up there in Philadelphia.
Probably at the station up there.
Philadelphia, my ass, okay?
How the flyer is doing in the playoffs, by the way?
The worst team in the NHL this past season.
Maybe it's that guy from Philadelphia.
Maybe it's Dr. Ron.
Who used to spin in my face all the time.
What do you think about Clements?
Why don't you think about Clements?
And Lynn Wosh.
Huh?
That guy.
At least that was his wife and tears you would get us so upset because of that.
Which is good.
Bastard.
Anybody who would marry him would I know if it wasn't the Spittle, the Spittle got you in tears.
Maybe it just looked like she was crying.
Maybe it was the Spittle.
The Ode Strong makes it three nothing Canada.
All right.
Go Canada.
Here we go to another stupid tournament that nobody cares about.
They got more stupid hockey tournaments.
Well, they got it as something, you know.
It's better in shooting each other.
1228 votes on the pool.
We got 13 made in the shade.
And this guy from Philadelphia.
See, all you got to do is look at the area code on there.
And you can tell this guy is a phony, bony, maroney.
Phony is an $84 drink.
What it comes to sports.
What do you got for?
The sports radio bike.
168.
Oh, you're long.
Well, the hardest part of my job is to connect a rack to the long car.
And that's what we do.
We put in more troops to get to a position where we can be in some other place.
The question is who ought to make that decision.
The Congress.
Or the commander.
Did you know my position is clear?
I'm a commander, guy.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
I'm a commander.
We love you, I love you Antonio.
We love you, son.
We love you, son.
We love you, I love you, son.
I love you, I love you, I love you.
I love you, son.
Thanks for joining us in a contest.
Philadelphia phone number on his head or if he's not in Philadelphia.
Hmm?
See what I'm saying?
Unless he's a game player.
Unless he's a faker.
Unless he's an OJ on provocateur.
Get it on sand?
What he said.
Where is Dick Fradley when we need him?
Because I think that's exactly what we got.
We got an OJ on provocateur.
If I can never find Dick Fradley?
Oh, there it is.
He's an OJ on provocateur.
That's what I was saying.
Just another professional troublemaker.
Stir in the pot.
You know, you like to smoke at some people like to stir it.
How we doing on that pool, by the way?
I don't want to overdo it, but that's a very important pool.
More important than that, baby.
There are 136 votes on the pool.
And like I said, time goes on.
You know what you're going to forget about?
And you know what I'm going to forget about?
Everything?
No, I'm just saying.
This time goes on.
Hi, Ron!
Oh, stop!
You're going to hear it already.
I already forgot.
Yeah.
You see, if there's there, if there are real callers with something to say,
I would take them.
I would enjoy them.
I would go through, but when 9 out of 10 are the same crap and the same 4 or 5 misfits,
there's no punitive destroys the show.
And I'm not going to sit back and let 4 or 5 more runs destroy my career and my livelihood and my mental state.
Which ain't Florida, by the way.
It's a state, all right, a state of depression.
Why do you think they call those things tropical depressions?
Anyway.
See, why did I get all, because I was going to have to say the purpose of that thing, right?
Right.
It was intended to be destruction of the filter of my name.
And this guy keeps fencing from Philadelphia and he's giving me a sword dance about how come I'm not sitting there
and hailing all the smoke in South Florida.
How come he's not down there choking and gagging on it?
The Kansas Board of Education last Tuesday repealed sex education policies and acted last year.
The latest moved by the moderate majority to one due efforts by rabid Nazi conservatives when they dominated the board.
One recent policy recommended that schools stress abstence until marriage, while the other were at school districts to get parental permission before students could attend human sexuality class.
On a whole to six to three, the board replaced the policies with one that recommends abstence plus sex education programs and leaves it up to the state 396 school districts to decide whether to ask for parental permission.
The abstence plus programs stresses abstence before marriage, while also urging schools to give students information about birth control and prevention of sexually transmitted diseases.
What a concept.
This idea that teenagers might actually have sex.
Oh, I can't believe that.
It's a matter of emphasis at Chairman Bill Wagon. He's wagon.
Wagon said the goal was to describe the curriculum standards in terms of more than just simply an encouragement of abstence.
We want to balance and copy as a educational program about sex, he said.
But conservative member Kathy Mate-Martin said most parents want the standards enacted last year.
Abstence until marriage is the best message we can give our children. She said, well, Yamama, how do you like that, Kathy? Yamama.
She said the old standards emphasize self control over birth control and the new standards fail to give a true picture. Right.
It was the second major change for the 64-moder blocks and stake neutral in January. Wagon said the final major change would come tomorrow.
If the board hires a new education commissioner to replace Bob Crookins hired by conservatives in 2005.
He's having touched off criticism because he had no experience as a school administrator and he resigned in November after the new board was elected.
Kind of like Brownie Brown, no experience.
That's what the expertise they look for the right wingers. No experience, no background, no qualifications, just far-bitten. Right. That's good for them.
In February, the board repealed science standards back by social conservatives and switched to ones that read evolution as well supported by research.
The standards which take effect next school year are used to develop test and measure how well students learn science.
The old standards endorsed by the supporters of so-called intelligent design question the theory of evolution.
That's Kansas though. Forbidden even Kansas is making progress. How do you like that?
I'm a man.
Now that your fat ass governor is out of the out of telehancey other governors or office maybe Florida might make some progress. What do you think?
No. Not like I said.
Where's the next facts from this clown? Where's the one saying well I'm not really in Philadelphia just a mistake on a hitter and I'm living in Western or I'm living in Lake Worth with all those young hip trendy goofballs that are going to call your show.
Not.
Yeah, if he's got so much time on his hands to be able to write he's working for a law firm. So obviously he's a guy sitting at a computer all day probably.
I'm not. He's got a lot of time to write crack to me. You know, long facts which is great because it killed some excellent time.
1240 votes. 1240 WGV age in even New York. Well, I never worked there but that one when you're young you'll do though.
I will listen to QM more often if what we got the third we should go for 14 you know what you think we dare do that?
Yeah, Christopher.
Oh my gosh, you're good.
No, no.
1350 maybe.
You're talking about we got 1240 it's 23 afternoon. We'll have 1300 by and two shakes of your ass.
What are you talking about?
I'm going for 14. I'm going for 14. I'm not going to be so negative like you are.
I'm reporting you that guy at Deckard LLP or those legal beagles or whoever that it is.
The hell's they don't even have a name on there? Okay. See that's what I really love about people anonymous.
I mean, it's too stupid even to make up a real name or fake name or fake real name.
1242 on there we're going for 1400 baby. Don't let Chris discourage you from casting your vote.
Okay, let's start seeing those babies coming in chunks. The proof that we still got it here on the world famous legendary Near Rogers show. That's right chunks.
Well, listen more often if there was more non sports programming, 339 27.2% more non sports programming.
Like I kept telling them Bob and Tom and I'm going would have been great. They looked at me.
What's that got into with sports except the Indy 500. Yeah.
And of course, probably Bob and Tom knowing a lot of bit. I don't know how much they've had to clean up their rack.
Obviously some, but they sure is probably wouldn't be Joyce proof.
You know what?
Oh, right. We'd have to have the the staff in there again.
That's right. I have to get the old headphones out again in the 65 dumpers.
Man be a lot of dumping going on like there was back in the stern days.
Poor Duff. You know, it's a miracle that she ever recovered from that.
That.
Every time there was another word on that show, another Howard Farts sound.
I always poured up. She was like a spinning like a dreidel.
Anyway, if George had his own show, I'd listen more 100.7.
Did I say I already listened to the night 204? I just did.
I'd listen a lot more to QM if Joyce died 165. And so would we. We'd be much happier.
And if I had that idiot from that place wouldn't fax again.
Now I said, well, she would fax again just like that Phil guy, you know.
Just like their chronic callers, their chronic faxers, their malcontents, they want to spread that.
They want to spread that.
Joe Rose came back. They've listened more 129.
If there was more Gildy 43, that's what we need all day.
That's what he said to make sure you're still alive.
If the ticket went off the year 39 3.1%, non-composed weanest man, not a big deal.
If they played more tapes 37, if there was more hockey talk 33, you should live so long.
If they played fewer commercials, it's past it offens 29.
If there was more dolphin talk 28.
And if there was less Gildy, Solomon T. D. Ace.
Is that correct? Yes.
So I want to say the H.U. It's a second I tell you my Spanish confused because I'm such a multilingual.
I was stuck with your gospel mishporko.
We're down in Jamaica and I can't have been.
Take out the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that neighborhood.
They tell you this country where they're going to be put.
I ask them and ask some he want to sell.
And from a mile away you can detect the smell of sports.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, a smoke.
He light up this cliff and choke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
The gun's a few good.
You'll be carrying lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until you're long-term like.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say,
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and choke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
I'm the devil son you are and I'm a star man.
You like to smoke the giant slip whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around.
The bite they hurt from you by the ounce of new gun.
Last time I said to her,
Mama, you're right.
They can't you be good tonight and then they smoke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and choke.
Alright.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, a smoke, smoke.
They're gun to be good.
I'm dying on the head.
So 32 at 5.60 W.C. and Mad Dog coming up at 2.
Mad Dog and the Humper on the big power hour between 4.5.
And the Humper from the ESPN zone in Balmer.
At 5.50.
Yeah, what?
No nothing. You paused there.
I paused there.
And if you said, warmer, that's the way they say it.
They're not there.
Malt are down there or wherever it is.
Still didn't get any more reply from our friend in Philadelphia,
who's given me a song to dance about how I'm in Toronto.
And I should be in South Florida choking on the smoke like that.
Last rostaid you a bit.
Whatever that bit was.
What is that gun to be good?
I say rostaid you be.
Whether it's all a smoke.
1266 at a poll we need 130, 40 to get to 1400.
See, I could have just said 1300.
But any moron knows we got that made in the shade, right?
Chris.
Oh, correct.
So what's the point?
It's like having 1298 and saying,
oh, we're going for 1300, you know.
And the new poll is up there, George.
So whenever you want to change it, you go right ahead.
Erick.
He and I are both way ahead.
Yeah.
All right.
Because I'm going to be plunging my guts out.
I'm going to go to the $100 machine.
I don't think they have any $100 machines at Whip-Bip.
But they do an Agro Falls at Fallsview.
How do you like to play $100 slots?
Do you have to be sick?
I don't know.
But it's all relative.
It's all relative.
If you're a multi-millionaire, I can see the way it works.
If you've got a few bucks like that, do you play in quarter?
Can you imagine me playing quarter slots?
Or nickels?
No.
There's no incentive here.
It's just not exciting to me.
It's a waste of my time.
And it's the same thing with the people that they got, you know,
as ziggins at dollars, they're not going to play $5 slots or $1 machines.
They're going to play $25, $50, $100 machine machines, mine.
Because then if they hit like, you know, $200,000 or something,
then it might be a significant.
It might bite dinner that night or something like that.
The Largo City Manager, who was fired after revealing his plans to have a sex change, remember that?
Yes.
Is among six five, see, there you go again.
It's that inside talk, see.
Plans to have a sex change is among six filers for the same job in Sarasota.
The city said today.
Sorry, Soda.
Steve Stanton, 48, also made his first public appearance as Susan Ashley Stanton this week.
While lobbying for transgender rights in Washington.
Stanton is in the process of legally changing his name to Susan.
And we'll soon assume his new identity full time as part of the sex change process.
See, I'm saying process to be sarcastic.
But they actually do say that here.
I know that it's shocking and embarrassing.
The finalist for the Sarasota job will be Vetted in a series of public appearances
and interviews made 29 from 30th.
About 30, man.
10 will interview as Susan.
He's going to be Susan.
The Logos City Commission voted five to two in February and again in March to fire stand from the 140,000 year job year for 14 years.
Commissioner said it was Stanton's judgment not the revelation he planned the sex change that prompted the votes.
He had pleaded for an opportunity to show that being transgender would not interfere with his slideshow ability to do the job with its ability to do the job.
It wasn't that.
It was just that we felt it was a little bit, you know, whatever they said.
They just made up some crap, you know.
A bunch of red necks.
What would you be more freaked out by some friend's gendered guy or by some pranky redneck?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm 69 in a pool.
We need 31 to get to 13.
I read that after that.
Chris says he's you're not too confident.
Are you think I overshot my thing today?
Is that what you're saying?
I will get it, I guess.
Well, that sounds like real confidence to me.
Well, we'll get it, I guess.
Well, there's the need of my boys.
There's Rob Needermyre and Scott Needermyre and brothers.
Got that winning goal for the ducks, you know.
I'm sure you were glued to your TV to watch that and over time.
Scott Needermyre and Robby Needermyre, who I had lunch with with Jeff Rimmer and his wife once upon a time,
Achilles and guess who picked up the tab I did?
Yeah.
I'm just telling you that, you know.
And Rimmer just had the quadruple bypass.
It won't be picking on him.
Just because he's cheap, okay, he can't help it.
It's in his blood.
It's in his Canadian Jewish blood.
He can't help it.
Which doesn't mean that all Canadians are cheap or all Jews are cheap.
I'm sure an exception to that, eh?
I'll say.
Now you know what a generous old bastard I am, although I don't think you're my will yet.
Oh, speaking of that, let us say good segue.
I'll leave you some.
Whatever.
Now don't say whatever.
That's just not the end.
Say, yeah, that's good.
That's great.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
And you deserve it.
I didn't say much.
But in your case, whatever.
What's up, you're a fuck.
It'll be a jackpot.
Jackpot from the crankpot.
Four months after she died of an accidental drug overdose,
anantical smith six-year-old Will was filed yesterday by her attorney and companion Howard
Case Stern.
The document leaves assets estimated 710 grand a smith's now deceased son Daniel.
Oh, we'll take that.
He's dead so we can't enjoy it.
We'll take it.
And I also give Stern custody of Daniel, who was a minor in 2001 when the Will was written.
He gives Stern custody of Daniel.
I say in other words, if she were denied first, he'd have custody of Daniel.
I say.
I would have taken custody of Daniel.
What would have been wrong with that?
No, no, no.
The first thing I would have done is gotten his teeth fixed up.
I make sure you got a shave and a haircut and look like a human being.
He had possibilities, you know.
And a pro-may petition signed on May 7th by Stern, he answered judge to recognize the document.
As smith's last will ask, and him as its main executor.
The petition also names smith's eight-month-old daughter, Danny Lynn, as her survivor and Larry
Burkhead is the infant's father.
For your father, boy, sure as complicated, isn't it?
Little boy, how should anybody care?
I have no idea.
I'm still trying to finger that out.
Daniel was 20 when he died in September of the Bahamas from a lethal combination of drugs.
Days after his smith gave birth to Danny Lynn, the girl was briefly thought to be fathered by Stern
before paternity tests showed the father was Burkhead.
The probate proceeding to shirt out smith's assets and taxes will lead to the establishment of a trust with Danny Lynn as its soul beneficiary
since Stern's attorney Bruce S. Ross.
With the trust, the girl couldn't inherit the estate of a smith's late husband, Texas Oil Tycoon,
Jay Howard Marshall II, estimated to be worth $500 million.
Now we're talking some serious cash, okay?
$500 million, baby. I'll take it.
Burkhead also filed papers yesterday and asked you judge to appoint him as guardian of Danny Lynn's estate.
As the child's father and caregiver, Burkhead is the best position to protect and safeguard the interest of the child's guardian of her estate,
including her interest in the estate of her deceased mother, and of course, watch that $500 million.
For June 19th, hearing the schedule here, both petitions.
Smith was 39 when she died February, then Florida from a mix of prescription drugs, baby.
She had all the drugs that were ever invented in that body. She was loaded with drugs.
It ran in the family. That's just the way it was. It was the drug family, kind of like Russia and all the other drug abusers, man.
Traff 78, and a very, very important programming pool here.
These are the ones that they really glum on to a big time, man.
When they see a pool where they can influence decisions that are made inside the building, they think.
By the way, we get an updated fact from that lawyer guy.
Nope.
And he goes, oh, well, I was listening anywhere. I'm busy.
Of course, I'm working for him.
Right. He's busy. Lawyer. Lawyer in my ass, okay?
I'll sue it.
And listen, seriously, if he's not a Philadelphia, and he just says that on his hitter on the facts machine, why would that be, unless he's trying to, you know, play, who knows what he's doing?
Right.
He's in filth of freaking Delfia, and he's given me, he's given me the business because I'm not in South Florida, inhaling all the smoke and the fumes and choking and gagging.
Traff 80 on the pool, by the way, we're going to do it, Chris, in spite of your negative attitude.
Oh, back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host, 60-year-old Neil Rogers.
Psych, I'm not really playing that. I just want to hear the far worse, it says, a 1240 WGBA.
Okay. I don't want to play that again. I mean, it's old, you know. Plus, I want to jump right in with this facts.
Right.
Now, does this make any sense to you? I'm going to read it, and then you should be after I read it, after I articulate the words, make sounds with my mouth, if it makes any more sense.
Because it doesn't make any sense to me. First of all, it's a different header.
Correct? Right. Well, this is an email that came into me.
Oh, this is from you. This is an email that came from this person.
Well, why didn't this person have a facts?
I thought the email explained that.
Well, go on and read it. It says, George, I'm sorry. Please tell Neil to stop naming company or city.
Well, why didn't he stop by naming it when it's such a hostile email?
Well, why did I do that? It's just like what I, you know, like I've told you, my space wants to know, I'll get some nut job on Ernie Hilsson, some real hostile.
And I just delete him and block him right away. I'm not going to put up with that crap, but he'll needs it.
I'm not saying like I'm thin skinned. If I was thin skinned, I wouldn't have been doing this last hundred years. But good, Golly Miss Molly.
You want to spread your negativity in your hostility, go right ahead. Oh, anyway, it goes on to say.
I'm a real out of town online listener trying to facts and now email it honestly. Okay, so he's really out of town listening online.
Right. Do you understand that? And he's a big part. Listen to me.
A big part of that hostile, psychotic fast that he sent me was chastising me for not being in South Florida and sharing the misery of the smoke and the fires and all the crap.
I get it.
Little hypocritical, I think, is what you're trying to say.
I'm saying ash hole is what I'm trying to say ash hole. Don't beat about round the hole.
I'm sorry he felt my note was so mean spirited. No, I thought it was very nice. I thought it was nice.
That was not the intention. If he's already thought of and ruled out making a show more local or ended with colors than okay, I'm sorry.
See, I don't I don't take show instruction. See, I know I know that may come as a surprise. I've been doing this more than a couple of weeks.
I don't take instruction how to do the show from factors, colors, Yentos, inside radio, maven experts.
I don't I don't do that. I don't play that game. If I didn't know what I was doing, A, I wouldn't still be here and B, I wouldn't have had any success.
Okay.
It says, I'm sorry. I feel really bad. Where do you ought to feel bad? You ought to feel like a moron, Adam. I'm sorry.
Please don't name who sent this or where was sent from where?
It says, please no more Philadelphia company ID. I was not trying to play any games. I just contribute to the show. No, you don't.
At least not with that. In fact, that's why I read it because I did recognize that thing on it. We've had those before. I've made valuable facts, contributions from elsewhere in the pen, from elsewhere. How about from South Florida? He even been there. What?
He gets around.
Now, evidently, if South Florida is so great and I ought to be there, then how come he's not there? Missouri loves company, Adam.
And I thought I was making another three stuff reading the name and number. No more show suggestions from me. And then underneath it says this email is from Decorado LP or Law firm and make him contain information that is.
Stop naming that company.
Yeah, it would be a shame if we got him canned or something like that. If they knew he was spending all of his time writing me long, hostile, critical.
It's not that I can't take criticism. I'm just not interested in having anybody tell me how to do this show. If you don't like it, don't listen to it. That's always been my philosophy since day one.
If you like what I do, thank you. I'm delighted. I'm ecstatic. Keep listening. If you don't like it, go find a life. Go find something better at the same price.
1301 on a pool and we got an hour and 12 minutes. If we can't make the 99 votes in an hour, 12 minutes, then my name is Ish Kabibbel. It's Mashi Pippik. Chris, too many negative people in this world. That's a problem just like this Adam guy in Philadelphia with Decorado LP.
I'm not. Let me ask you, what's your take on that long fast that he sent that I read in a little while ago? What's your take on that?
Well, I don't think that he meant like ill per se. I think he's just a very typical of people like to criticize. How's that? And most of what we get is criticism.
I don't mind being criticized, but what he's saying was all kaka. Okay. Right. Adam on legitimate criticism, but the idea that somehow because I see there and I'm not miserable.
First of all, if I had stayed in South Florida, I've been here five and a half years doing the shows from here. Okay. If I were still on there, I'd be dead. Oh, yeah, you'd be in the rubber room. I know I be dead. I'd be in a box or an urn. I feel your pain. I'm sure you do.
And so do a lot of other people listening. And that's one of the reasons because there are a lot of people there as you well know who wished they could get out. But nevertheless, some people don't. And what is this other thing from rugby Dan? Oh, that's a run lines thing.
Spying on the home front. Not nearly as interesting as that email. It's not. Well, it's spying on the home front. It's another frontline special that people should probably watch and probably won't. Okay. I'm PBS.
We got a good thing on our which I don't even remember if I saw it or not. I just discovered by accident the link to it. Let me take a look at our.
At our near Rogers dot com, which I already spent a lot of time on there because I don't want to see a Brady Quinn with his hand on that kid's crotch.
It's just the lies that led the war or that lead the war is at it. It's got to be lead. And it's a is that a CBC thing or what?
Yeah, the fifth of state is the CV. That's excellent on the CBC. The political diplomatic and media spin that commits Americans to evade Iraq. Well, that's the whole thing is on it.
Is a link to it right on our near Rogers dot com. Right. Right under the picture of Brady Quinn with his hand on that kid's.
They're all three got their hands in each other's crotch.
Feeling a little. What I can't say it.
Feel the private. I can't say that word. And you know what? Okay.
Kind of a sound that a chicken makes you know when it goes.
A doodle do like that. Anyway, so Adam is all apologetic and was not the intention of the audience and don't mention the decadal LLP law for stop.
And fill it off here. Why don't you stop? Why do you say that? I don't care. I'm joking. Please tell me all the stop naming company or city. Well, it's on there.
Neil, please stop. No. All right. I'm a real out of town online. Listen to that. That's a thing trying to facts and now email anonymously.
Well, why do you want to do that? Why do you have to be anonymous? You know, it won't you have the courage or convictions? I don't see any problem with that.
If I'm going to send somebody a facts or an email, I'm certainly not going to pretend it's like came from outer space.
If it wasn't meant to be caustic in the sarcastic and obnoxious, then why the hell wouldn't you sign a name to it? Adam, you know what I'm not reading his last name?
Because he doesn't want no last names. You sure don't want that? I think that's mighty. Why you? It is. I mean, it's right there.
Be nice to Adam. One of my people know us too. How do you like that? I don't want to say Jewish, but no, but the name like that. Who's he?
He can. Most of the time when they're an Adam. I really wish your show could be captured at upbeat choking attitude.
And with colors. First of all, on Zeta, we didn't take them any calls. In fact, a lot of the crap started on Zeta.
The Yovenguy, who all of a sudden made a comeback after going away for 20 years, that was 20 years ago. Yoveng. See, I could make a list for you right now, not that it's necessary, but I could make a list of about 15 or 20 people.
And that would sum up what we have left. It's just not there anymore, Adam. It just isn't there. Okay.
So the fact that you want to live in the past, I wish South Florida was like it was 20 years ago, or maybe 25, 30 years ago.
I wish the famous was still there on Washington Avenue. I wish all my favorite restaurants were still there. I wish there were some of the old Jews were still on South Beach.
At least they had a sense of humor. Not. Like I said, growing yourself a man. It's just people want to recapture.
It's gone. Time moves on. Okay. This isn't Zeta. The bird is dead. This isn't IOD. Mike Disney's noses getting longer and redder by the day.
And that's the way it is, Adam. I'm sorry. From Philadelphia.
1329 votes in Chris now, I think, would probably can see to me that with little push from the old man, we're going to make 1400 today on a Tuesday in the middle of May.
Yes. El Cinco de la Laos. What is it? Kin City Mile. See.
1330. We need 70 votes in 67 minutes. This is barely more than one minute. By the time we get to the top of the R, you'll see this audience comes through for the old queen. You're a daughter, man.
I want to thought that actually being on a show this long, you would have had a little more positive attitude.
Yeah. Right.
Well, Josh Query is just looking at his chops for George's job. I'll say that. He wants him real bad. Here it is.
He can't afford to take the pay cut, but he sure would.
Right. Now, who do you think pulling down more cash now? He's got that new deal. You were him. Me. Really? Yeah.
I thought he got a big increase or something. I thought, well, what were they paying him? The same thing they're paying Chris now? I imagine.
That's pathetic. Even Chris would say that. That's embarrassing. Yes.
So no wonder he grabbed it. Yeah. When they came along to a lot of guys want Josh Query. This man. I don't know what it is. You don't look all that good to me.
He's a great kid. I like him a lot. Figg Moose's hair up a little bit. He's just a guy. Okay. And he's got a really attractive hot Russian girlfriend who obviously is really good here.
That's all I can't. Sure. Well, what things is to make of this one is so hot and this one is lukewarm and this one is so cold.
It's got nothing to do with that. All the way in my case, you know, I like him hot. And what's what have I got?
1338 on that money. Boy. Sometimes money doesn't hurt. You know, it doesn't pop. Sometimes it doesn't hurt to have a few extra bucks.
Dad. That's pop. They don't have any idea. Holy Moses. Are you stand with that crap again? Jesus God almighty. You're bad. You're really good.
Oh, too much of that inside him. We're there. Yeah. It's too bad. I just got really cracks me up. Now do you know this person?
Of course he does. First time I've ever got an email from him. He'll tell me who I know. I don't fill a delphia. Well, I'm just saying I know he's a regular
factor because he's right. He has facts and good stuff in the past. And I recognize the header and I don't really don't read that stuff on
here because it's not anybody's business. But the fact is when I saw the phone number with an out of town area,
for money, told me to fill it off here. I'm saying to myself, how can somebody who's in fill it off here be giving me a
lecture? How I should be in South Florida being miserable and being treated like crap and breathing in the
mouth of the smoke and choking to death and gagging on it. You know what I'm saying? What are you saying? Screw you, Adam.
And have a nice day. Now he meant no will. He's just, you know, just gets carried away. You made a good point.
That's how I guess every listener who's ever listened to a radio show or watched a TV show, everybody's a critic.
Everybody's an expert. Oh, if you don't do this and if you only turn a clock back and bring, you know, revitalize the bird and bring
something on the floor eating past out from eating too much food. We had great times on Zeta. Haven't I said that that was my favorite? Yes, that's it.
But you keep, and we're not living in the past. People who want to live in the past like my mother always do are going to be miserable.
Less miserable. Is okay. Remember him? Yes. Victor, you go anywhere. You go to fill it off here.
Pretty quick. I like to check my legs hard. We're listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
Remember Jerry Fallon? What? Soon to be dead. Oh, excellent.
I'm ready. I want some wind. All right.
You wait till your head pray like gravy.
Please put forth. They are due. A silent wall of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good enough to eat.
I want to hear him go on the chase, but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports grid if I want to see him grab the ball? Absolutely.
Wow. Look at that kid. You wait till you know that I'm going like gravy.
Huh? I've got a high-density screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do a lot of what I can never get done.
No, the days of a visit school. Okay. That's not so great.
But I'll tell you know that it's not me. At least until he's 28.
Oh, I'm great. Now. I want some wind.
You wait till you know that quite like gravy.
You wait till you know that quite like gravy.
Jerry Fallwell is in dire straits, baby.
Of course, what was he besides for our business and not just hateful and bigoted fat?
Celebrantial is Jerry Fallwell has been given CPR after being found unconscious,
taking to a Virginia hospital, fallwell assistant Ron Godwin says he is off tourist.
He's in bad shape. He's on the edge of death.
Jerry Fallwell. I'll be consider that as sweet.
God's killing him. That's right. God is finally well took him while God's got some other business take care of some ball games to worry about.
Point spreads things like that 1361 on the pool man.
We are smoking it baby. We are on fire just like the Everglades.
I'm sorry. I can't be there to inhale all that smoke and get in my lungs and share the air.
Share the pain baby. That's just our flora mentality. Share the pain.
And by the way, don't forget that too.
1364.
So what do you think about that Jerry Fallwell?
You think the Lord is smiting him and smoting him?
There's no question. Part of it.
Pat Robertson will be next.
That's for you Pat.
Fat effort. That's for you.
Fat face effort huh? Fat Pat.
Fat for no. Not fat Pat. He's not fat. Fat Jerry.
As well as people who like his neck.
Oh yeah. It does not work.
Because the rules of the layers of fat.
At any rate he's on way out.
You know what they said in fat so?
The fat people are the good people in his case an exception.
And the fat people are the dead people.
So don't be giving me that. What were you trying to get me to eat before some kind of ice cream? What was it?
Turtles.
Oh turtles. See, turtles candy to me is like, I don't know.
It's okay.
It's for going.
Is it for going?
Sure.
But, although now it was, didn't Adam say something in that long hateful facts about something to be going?
He did say that. Where is it?
See, I know I let him off the hook.
You want to know why? Because now that I see what his name is and I see he's Jewish.
This is Jewish angst.
This whole thing.
Jewish angst.
It's, I don't know how old he is, but he's fetching.
Man, he's fetching.
And I had a whole lifetime of that with my.
I'm familiar with that whole fetching routine.
But, it's a bravely serious. He's in a Lynchburg Virginia hospital.
I had a Pubm in Dread baby. Pubm in Dread jury follow.
Undergoing CPR at the hospital.
Man, I can't understand. Look at those chins.
He's got more chins than the Chinese phone book.
That's older than Mathusa's great grandpa.
Radio show, but a television show.
Now more well known, a televangelist in this country.
Or a majority, my ass.
Anyway, 1367, Nepal.
I would listen to QM more often if we got more faxes from our friend from Deckard LLP and Philadelphia.
Adam, now did you get any more emails from him or not?
No, although he did send the same thing via fax.
Well, why'd you do that?
To cover his bases?
Cover his arses?
Okay, that too.
I'd listen more if there was a more non-sports programming, 367, almost 27%.
I already listened day and night, 245.
We got that loyal audience, baby. They're listening around the clock.
Sure, if George had his own show, they'd listen more to 200.
If Joyce died, 174, maybe we can get a package deal for Joyce and the jury fall ball.
Wouldn't that be sweet?
Oh, yeah.
Joyce and Jerry.
Joyce and Jerry, I can hear right now.
Joe Rose came back.
They'd listen more 137.
If they played fewer commercials, has zoomed up the latter, 44.
If there was more guilty, it's time for fewer commercials, 44.
How about guilty?
Quick in some spots.
If the ticket went off, you're 39, only 2.8%.
They're like, you know, they're a legend in their own mind over there, across the street,
legendary in their own mind.
If they played more tapes, 39.
If there was more hockey talk, 33.
If there was more dolphin talk, 32.
And if there was less guilty, 13.
Maybe I'm a little bit too harsh about him and that's a squeaky voice, but I don't think so, you know.
I think they're just going easy on him because, I don't know.
What do you think the reason is?
I'm sorry?
What's the question?
How's your friend doing?
We get any more emails from your mother?
No.
Whatever his name was?
Adam?
Yeah, no.
A minister from Roxbury, Massachusetts is being investigated by the Suffolk District Attorney
for allegedly sexually abusing a juvenile for years ago, state officials said earlier today.
A minister sexually abusing a juvenile, another isolated incident, a man I can't believe these stories.
I got my shirt and my pantaloonies on by the way for a while in Tuesday, because I have a gambling problem,
and a sugar problem, and a life problem.
And a management problem at QAM, a real serious, mismanagement problem.
Denise Montero spoke for the Massachusetts State Department of Social Services said the agency received a report in November of 2006 that the Reverend Larry Brown had allegedly molested the young man in 2004.
The DDS referred to the matter of the DA who couldn't be reached for comment.
Montero said the DA is investigatory and is active because of the victim's age at the time of the alleged assaults he couldn't identify him either, so he was obviously a minor, a young.
She said the DDS is special investigative unit. It's been monitoring Brown's contact with children.
He's been associated with both the Montcalvary Baptist Church and the Manual Gospel Center.
Oh God, that's good, he liked to say.
We refer the case to the end as a result of the open investigation she said, and he's been investigating it now for abusing a juvenile three years ago.
Another man, the clock.
Always good to have a clock, you know, like to wipe up any stuff.
Spills, many spills.
I don't know if Bubba would only have the clock.
Oh, I know.
1372, too many Bubba Mises, that's the problem with America man.
We're about stains on blue dresses and not worried about all these dead people and butchers and lies and loss of freedoms.
1380, what we got? We got 14 and we're so easy. I don't even have to stress or strain, you know, because stress kills.
And Chris owes me an apology.
Didn't you say 1350? We passed 1350 like you were laid out on the floor in a prone position.
We're talking about it.
I said, 1450.
George, you know who I really miss?
Josh?
Yeah, I listened to.
Especially his girlfriend would come in and visit, you know.
I could get him, except he's probably working out of home, so.
What do you mean he's working out of home?
What does that mean?
Last week he worked out of home pretty much all week.
Why is that?
Because he was doing it on the next stuff, I don't know.
Nice calling, Josh. Good thinking.
That means he probably got the radio cranked up real loud now.
Do you think he's listening?
Now does his girlfriend work or is she just works?
Oh, she does.
Oh yeah, she got a suing.
Nice calling, Josh. That's good. I like that.
I like a guy that's got a girlfriend that's got some skill and works well.
And that's the other things by night. That's the way to do it.
Bob Burnett on the Smirking Chimp says, reconsidering impeachment.
In Berkeley, it's difficult to travel more than a few blocks without seeing.
And in peach, Bush bumper sticker, he says, and whenever I read a column about the 43rd president,
I received emails suggesting that the simplest solution America's problems is his impeachment.
Nonetheless, I'd never taken the possibility of impeachment seriously until this week when I realized I'd had enough,
I want W to go down, says Bob.
The movement to impeach George W. Bush started around Labor Day in 2002 and it became clear that he was determined to invade Iraq.
In March 2003, it gathered momentum when many Americans joined marches and silent vigils to protest what we considered to be an ill-considered and dangerous action.
Bush was enormously popular and many blue Americans felt we had lost our country.
We couldn't understand why so many of our fellow citizens supported W or why they voted to elect them in 2004.
In those dark days, the impeachment movements seemed to be the last refuge of diehard liberals and to find stance that had little hope for success.
Times changed. In 2006, Democrats took control of Congress and Bush's popularity rating sank to Nick Sony in death.
Meanwhile, evidence of his now-feasons exploded, suddenly even conservative Republicans were criticizing the president calling from to abandon his customer interactability and engage in real bipartisanship.
As the impeachment movement grew stronger, I resisted its call for several reasons, while I've never doubted that there are strong legal grounds for Bush's impeachment I've been troubled by pragmatic considerations.
If W was removed from office, Dick Cheney would become president.
Impeachment proceedings were topped on the 10th Congress, and at a time when congressional energy needs to be focused on undoing motion administration mistakes, just as ending the war in Iraq.
And the impeachment process would further polarize the nation has become far too adversarial and combative.
When the speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi said that impeachment was off the table, I agreed. It's one thing to be right, quite another thing to be effective, I thought.
My thinking changed after I read George Packer's magnificent commentary in the May 14th New Yorker Magazine, No Blame, No Shame. Packer asks a key question. Why has it become impossible to let a mistake in Washington except the consequences?
I ponder the fact that under the Bush administration no senior civil and official military officials have been held responsible for it will probably turn out to be the greatest foreign policy disaster in American history. Then I had an epiphany.
I understood why the Packer, I understood the why Packer asks about. The reason why Bush never meant to mistake or accept consequences is because he believes he can get away with it.
He was raised in the system of privilege where there's no accountability.
George Bush is unwillingness to be held personally responsible reflects on more than his administration. It's a symptom of deeper malaise that infects American politics and sadly much of American society.
It's what I think as the dual justice system I first ran into the system many years ago when I was an idealistic probation officer in Orange County.
Court House abituations informed me that the defendant's whose case is I handled were exclusively from the lower and middle class because there was a different system of justice for the rich and powerful.
Patricians who didn't go through the same process that plebians did. Whether the crime was petty theft or murder they elite received different treatments than they would have had they been poor or a person of color.
There were two systems of justice in the US one for the rich and powerful and a far different system for everybody else.
Rob a bank and you go to prison, look at the mess and else and executive and you're likely to get a hefty fine if that.
Every day we read about corporate executives who mismanaged their firms, causally also thousands of poorly paid workers and then danced away with millions of dollars and sevens pay.
We see what happened to the architects of the disaster in Iraq, grammar, franks, antenna cut, the presidential medal of freedom.
Rice and Wolfowitz got promoted as did the invasion supporters within the Pentagon. There was no accountability. They got away with it so far.
That's why the impeachment of George W. Bush would send an important signal to other.
I'm dying out of here. They were out on a date parking. Here we scarred. Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far.
He showed up the motor, turned her and said, how about it? Maybe I could use me some...
Maybe that young intern thought that that wasn't right. But the cocktails in their system made them feel so light.
Sean could talk for a moment and said, you're no class. That maybe true said Gary, but I still want your reals.
Welcome.
Sean, these facts made not be right. If somebody knows the truth will then the truth will be nice.
Very nice. It's 132. You know what I got my finger in there on that word?
What about it?
You were even paying any attention.
None whatsoever.
Oh my God. Good thing I have bleeped out.
Good. What's on your shoulders?
Head. I say.
It's 162 votes on the new pool. Not too bad. And we're back up. All thank God for that. I was good.
I just got a whole bunch of... Brandon was a wailin about it and some other people on our minds said I got emails.
Yeah.
You're not streaming. You're down. But I guess Steph, who did you talk to? Who did Josh?
Thank you, Josh. By the way, I'm not taking care of it. What? Somebody?
Talk to somebody. He hasn't come back yet. He talked to somebody. And it's back up.
I got the green light on there. We're back up. We got 62 votes on the new pool. We had 14. Ever eleven on the one that we just took down.
Because we already eclipsed our goal on the pool. And I say it from all my soul.
Or whatever that means.
We're pretty exciting. Pretty good day. I told you. It has been.
Jerry Falwell's on the Virgin Hall. Thank you, God. Hallelujah. There was a God.
I knew I knew it to get around to it. Do we have a Jerry Falwell bitten here? No. I think we did.
What is it called? I don't know. I don't think so. Maybe it's under J.
Now there's J. Anastasia. It's under Falwell. Nope.
Now I don't think we got one. What we got Jesse Helms.
We got the. Liberty power Cuba. Yeah. What's that other one? We got Jesse.
The judging you. Judging it. Very good. Very good. George, that's almost a worth a little bonus.
And you know what's the opportunity? Little like it. Like I know. That was the opportunity where we're almost almost worth a little something.
Little mention in my will. That's a good idea. I think instead of leaving you any money.
But I just mentioned you. Thanks to that little specter, George Rodriguez, Roller's ears of working his ass off for peanuts and really helping to make the show whatever the hell it was.
That would be nice to just leave you nice noten there. You know, that would be nice.
All that business about I need to do. Play that. Neils will. I need to play that several times. It's good.
And then instead of giving you like a little. No. Tinky winky Bokobrine says is our cherry fall well bit.
Is it Tinky winky or is it purple, Tinky winky? I think he may be. Yeah, I think it's called purple.
I think he right. We as it is. Huh? Boker. That's called purple. See you there. You know. I'm looking at it. I'm an ancient rock.
I've got a cherry fall well on the right hand of God. And when I woke up today, I put my TV on and instead of happily or CNN.
I saw purple creature with a gayside on his head. It wasn't upside down. Try angle purple. Tinky winky.
Upside down. Try angle purple. Tinky winky. Upside down. Try angle purple. Tinky winky.
Hey, tell it. Where just when I thought things couldn't get worse. I noticed he was carrying a little purse. Now how can they call this a children show?
I know these people, but I have a brown hole. He has a mouth. Try, try, I'm a purple tinky winky. Upside down. Try angle purple. Tinky winky. I love to drink your balls.
I'm a purple tinky winky. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love
to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls
I love to drink your balls. I love to drink your balls
WHAT?!
AND LEVEL!
AND LEVEL!
AND LEVEL!
and closing jury
iter
You Keir
Yeah, thank you gag. I'll be serious. I'm going to be a big fat face. There he is. I'll be
a lighting up a burnt offering for God. I hate and psychosis and erosus. Look at this. Here's
the two pole suggestions. Write my will and get my affairs in order. Oh, this is for the pole we got
on there now. Format my hard drive from Russell and Coco. I don't know. We want to add stuff to this
pole. Yes, why not? Write my will and get my affairs in order. Nothing wrong. Depending on how
many affairs you're having, I guess. Of course, if you want to add only 30 days to live. So Jerry
Falwell has done it. 73. Okay. All right. Let's have a party. I'm going to. As a matter of
fact, in the words of a great broadcast. Party. Yeah. Look at that. Jimmy Carter said is in a Christian
way as far as I'm concerned. He can go to hell. He said that many years ago. And it was
what, look at that. Yeah. Larry Flynn had some cost to comments to no less. And good for you,
Larry. You go as fast as you can in that chair, not too fast anymore. Look at that. There's pictures of
Hitler and Jerry Falwell. They inside by East. Pagans and Gays. Falwell apologized for that one,
blaming a lack of sleep, asking for the Lord's forgiveness. Right. Through the decades, his targets
range from terrorists to Teletubbies. First toading, lovely lavender, Tinky Winky was an agent of the
homosexual agenda. No doubt. Parents, be very careful what your children are watching. Despite the
educational colorful out of the world, although retreated from the secular world in his later years,
dedicating himself. That's candy. Calorie by the way. He turned into a multi million dollar
empire. A 20 million religious conservatives. To the money grab and phony hypocrite piece of
third and hate mongering piece of garbage. Okay. A bad, bad piece of human extraments. There is
a dead 73, Jerry Falwell. What I tell you, a liar had that answer to the side first. He had it on
first because it was breaking news. Not exciting. Oh, and there's a John McCain there with him,
giving him a big, a big pat on the public sucking up a big time. That John McCain, man, phony
are then a six and a half dollar bill. No, no, no. Phony baloney, man. 21 till two a few,
a.m. What a great date. And I tell you this is a great day. I could feel it over 14
ever votes. Huh? Part. A great fact for my friend Adam. And then the email that followed
from that to fill it off your company there. It's a great day to be alive, folks. Oh, yeah.
We are. And he ain't Jerry Falwell is dead. But the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Don't even bother to question. Just follow and don't say. Everybody's turning
bad. It's a. In the acts of history. It's a. We're watching all of you. Everyone does
have a station. So what do you do? This is the formation. And all you might
let me. In which fatherland nation. That's a USA. Yeah, gotta hate those Jews. And
everything we can do. And the state run you. Blood, war, war, gold, red. Feel up your
escalade. A roof in chainy bush. Ben you. That's a US. Oh, we don't want to see our jobs.
We're supposed to own dad. All right.
osam
Oh, you know something I forgot something in closing for Jerry Falwell.
Oh, yeah.
This one.
I wouldn't waste my effort with any more than that.
Just so I might say, you know, I was going to own stripped out.
Speaking of far-bisoned right-wing glam, is there any other kind of far-bisoned?
President Bush met privately with focus on the family founder in Chairman James Dopsing.
And approximately a dozen Christian right leaders last week to rally support
for his policies on Iraq Iran and the so-called War on Terror.
Right, Max Blumenthal on the raw story.
I was invited to go to Washington DC to meet with President Bush in the White House,
along with 12 or 13 other leaders of the pro-family movement Dopsing disclosed
on his radio program yesterday.
And the topic of the discussion that day was Iraq Iran and international terrorism.
And we were together for 90 minutes and it was very enlightening.
And in some ways disturbing too, he said.
Details of the meeting were disclosed by Dopsing during Monday's edition of his focus,
focus focused on the family radio program.
Dopsing described Bush's upbeat and determined and convinced.
Adding, I wish the American people could have said in on that meeting we had.
Dopsing went on to a numerator series of meetings convened by Christian right leaders in Washington
to discuss these supposedly existential threats to the U.S. from a nuclear Iran.
I heard about this danger from Iran not only at the White House,
but from other pro-family leaders that I met during that weekend Washington.
He said many people in the position to know are talking about the possibility
of losing a city to nuclear, biological or chemical attack.
And if we can lose one, we can lose ten.
If we can lose ten, we can lose 100 of the added, especially of North Korea and China and Russia,
Pylon. Pylon, like in a football game, baby.
Later in his broadcast during a discussion about Iran with author and self-proclaimed
prophecy expert Joel Rosenberg,
Dopsing drew a parallel between current Iranian president,
Musmoud Ahmedina Jada, and Al Hitler.
The world looked at Hitler and just didn't believe him and tried to appease him
the way we're hearing in Washington today, Dopsing said,
you know, the president seems to me, doesn't understand this.
As I told you from that meeting, I had with him the other day,
but even there it feels like somebody ought to be standing up and saying,
we're being threatened and we're going to meet this force whenever and whatever is with necessary.
Dopsing continued, some of our listeners might not like that,
but I tell you if we didn't stand up to Hitler,
we'd be speaking German today, off to Lieber.
And of course, with Bush and Cheney and Al-Kraut in there,
we probably will be speaking German and Gustavine pretty soon.
If he catch my drift, we don't.
You understand the Gestapo keeps track of everyone.
Amen, so there you go.
A little hoax-pocus-focus.
As you continue to meet with all the other American Nazi leaders,
but this one ain't going to meet with no more.
Jerry Falwell is dead.
Last word left.
Last word, how much more breakfast?
It's basically activism are trying to change about American law,
about the way they live.
You tell them we have Christie on.
They're going to be kissing his ass man.
They're going to be doing sucking up to Falwell like crazy now,
about how wonderfully well he was.
Look at that face.
A face that even a mother could hate.
Fat face.
There's another effort that goes in there.
Farth, fraud.
Doug Thompson writes, saving Katie Courage, but.
Now this is a story that it's got a video in here too
from Jim J. Ad, the thing everybody's seen now.
You know about the Nightly News?
Nothing.
Well, it's in there.
Poor Katie Courage writes, Doug,
they, what is it?
The Princess of Perk.
See, you know, one thing I will say about Capitol Hill,
it's hard to read their stories because there's a lot of typos.
Bad.
I just mentioned that in passing.
It's a great website, but bad typos.
The Princess of Perk has turned into the Dower Devo of the evening news,
where CBS evening news ratings have fallen below even those of Dan Radler.
And the buzz in TV newsline is that she'll be gone after these 2008 elections.
Nothing, it seems, is work for Katie.
A new producer brought in to revamp the newscast and making more serious and relevant
hasn't saved the day.
And while CBS executives expressed public support for Courage,
they admit privately that she entered $15 million annual salary
where a big, expensive mistake I could have told them not for free.
However, we have some suggested remedies for Katie that should save her show.
We arrived at these recommendations after watching other news programs,
especially the cable TV news shows to see what works.
And here's a list of suggestions for Katie.
Show more leg.
It worked for years on the Venetio.
This is entertainment Katie, baby, so put the games on display.
Hit a couple of high-profile night spots, wearing a shirt, skirt, and no panties.
Remember to shave.
Call your interview subject.
Actual.
Call your interview subject.
It's idiots that work for Bill O'Reilly.
Launch a worse person in the world segment and make sure you know that
you alternate between Brian Williams and Charles Gibson.
God knows Keith Oberman is most of Bill O'Reilly's factored death with a stun.
Cry a lot on the air, surely he can be more sympathetic than Anderson Cooper.
Mary Kevin, federal line.
Having K-Fed is an embarrassing husband and shares.
Constant exposure on the Soviet-Kid and Tango-oid news shows and regular features in people
are US Weekly.
Us Weekly, excuse me.
Us, got it?
Got it.
Check yourself into rehab.
That's worth the ratings bumper too.
Don't shave your head, though.
That's going too far.
Make a porn video that gets released on the internet.
Maybe something with you and Matt Lauer.
Get drunk and leave nasty messages on other people's answering machines.
You'll be page one news for at least a week.
Confess to a lesbian affair with L&D Generate.
Last time we checked her ratings or shows ratings were higher than yours.
And claim you gave George W. Bush a B.J. in the Oval Office.
No scratch to that.
Done before by an ambitious young woman to a previous present.
And if all else fails, Katie, just leave.
Disappear.
Missing white women always make big news.
Excellent.
Oh, man.
I've gone, Doug.
A couple of words I had to clean up in here.
That's the way it is because it's American.
We can't say nothing no more.
It's quite about what your friend Adam was saying before.
But that long facts from Philadelphia.
Right.
And that long-haunting.
You're good.
Hey, listen to email you, man.
I know.
He didn't send me no emails or emails or anything like that.
Or did it to you?
Well, I faxed it to you.
It was, it was, you know, something I think him profusely made for some murder.
Sure.
Yeah, nothing wrong with that.
Hey, that's all we are here for.
And that's right.
And I have a little bit of fun.
Kill some time, man.
It's 28, you know what?
That is, it's like in the 80s here.
Wow.
And it's kind of a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a little, a sunny.
It looks like a big day for wood by a man.
I can feel it.
I can smell it with my bad gambling problem.
I know.
I know.
Oh, he's got a gambling problem, I Roger.
Yeah.
You should have such problems, okay?
I wish I did.
Life is good, baby.
It's all I can tell you.
Life is sweet.
And we got the worst streamin' again.
Everybody's happy now.
My crackberry just buzzed in my pocket.
Norm Kent.
Breaking news.
Does this, no, this is my agent, right?
This is my agent.
Breaking news.
He's tell me about Jerry Falwell as dead.
Is if I didn't know that.
All right.
This is my lawyer, okay?
And you wonder why I get upset with him?
And he wonder why I get upset with him?
I mean, am I looking at a vacuum?
You idiot.
You silly person.
You fair.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
He faxes.
He emails this to me like, I don't know what's going on in the world.
I don't have to see an incident right there on my little TV.
Shoot.
God, Norma.
What is wrong with you?
See, see what I have to contend with him?
I said, such a good mode.
He is always the downer.
He's like the doggy downer.
This day couldn't have been better.
It started off nice and early today, okay?
Right from the get go.
Everything has been fine as DIY.
Jerry Falwell croaks and then who, who peas in my parade, Norma Kent.
Go talk to Joe Bell, okay?
Norma, go talk about tapes.
Get out of my face.
Can't you believe that even?
Yeah, I believe it.
Yeah.
Trust me.
Anyway, 153 at QAAM.
Norma, you're an idiot.
You're fair.
I believe you're fair.
I believe you're fair.
I believe you're fair.
You're fair.
I believe you're fair.
I believe you're what you required.
You avoid a lack of fire.
I believe you're better than yours.
Oi!
I believe you're better than yours.
I believe you're better than yours.
I believe you're better than yours.
I believe you're never taking a tree and racial hate.
I believe you're better than yours.
I believe you're better than yours.
I believe you're better than yours.
What we like about it best,
I find no boys and wear a dress.
My religion's better than yours.
Why religion is it not a better word in a religion?
Why religion is better than yours?
I swear we have no reason to go to a women driver camp
to make a living by religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Chupa hapura spooky ghost.
We slaughter pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
I believe you're better than yours.
We have no reason to go to a women driver camp
to make a living by religion better than yours.
Please!
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We knock on doors to bother you
like full of brushes.
You are new.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh!
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Huh?
We wear ties and ride our bikes
and get to very lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
That's absolutely.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Oh!
We don't want to use our rain
for my wish living comfort rate.
My religion is better than yours.
Bye!
Bye!
