Thanks for the beeswax now.
BAH!
Ain't no farts sounds anymore.
Ain't no farts sounds like before.
No.
Ain't no farts sounds anymore.
For some stinky corporate home.
Name joys took them away.
Can't say f***ing out.
I'll bake cause of some bitch cow.
Just to bring the ratings down.
She don't want Neil around
And that's why she took them away.
And she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow.
Blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow
she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blows, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, laughs
也是 inspecting a hole, I like it
Dainky, Urgent, Irgendwa Incor�, did you see that?
And in case the beastly had missed it the first 80 million times, there's another one for him and here's another one of these too.
No extra charge. I don't care what you see. I think mine's got something going for it.
Oh, there's nothing better than the other one, but I think it's got like some enthusiasm behind it.
There's nothing like having a little enthusiasm in your behind, but at any rate.
Oh, look at this. The Detroit City Council led by Monica Conyer's wife of representative John Conyer's Democrat Amishigan.
Yesterday, unanimously passed a resolution calling for the impeachment of President George W. Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney by the U.S. House of Representatives.
Detroit joins a growing list of cities in the state of Vermont, which are passed resolutions urging the impeachment of El Presidente and El Vice Presidente.
All right, that's all we can say to that.
Oh, right.
All right, let's say before we go into a big rant about the beastlies refusing to play chicken, they just don't pay their bills.
They do whatever they want. These are people listed on the stock exchange who can't represent to the public that they run a responsible company and they don't.
They don't pay their freaking bills.
And this man is missing his mortgage payment and stuff because of the fact that they're not paying.
And here's a guy, probably the most creative person in radio in America today, right?
A bit we just played there for the first of four million times today.
Funny as hell is imported. This show is imported. This radio station and they don't want a penny.
But you were probably cracking up at that line right there important to the radio station.
No, no, I'm talking about from a real perspective. I'm talking about the way the little thing goes.
We know this perspective.
Not to them. Not to them. He's a pain in the ass to them because I expect to get paid just like you and Chris, right?
And of course me, I mean, that goes without saying, oh, we're going to all the money we're paying him. Why should we pay these other people?
Yeah, because that's the deal. That's the way it works.
And it's a bit of a way it's been working for nine and a half years.
And it's like anybody else when it's time when somebody sends you an invoice to get paid, you pay it. That's the way people do business.
When FPNL sends you the electric bill, you don't say, oh, gee, I don't think I'm going to pay it for a few months.
Because then I'm going to come and shut your electric off, okay? Just like that vacuum cleaner salesman.
God almighty.
How is it possibly be such a bunch of professional deadbeats?
You ought to go in here and tell Georgia Beasley that she needs to recall him up and tell him that the Boca Brian is getting screwed over.
Yeah, we've got a lot of people on here.
Yeah, tell her, pull this.
It may not be a bokehful teller. Not that.
I'm serious. It's just I'm sitting there with my assistant. Broke even by the way for those people worried about my very, very serious gambling problem.
I broke even yesterday after winning your grand on Tuesday. So for the week, I'm doing just fine. I was playing with their money yesterday as well.
I looked at it and I did just fine.
Anytime you're gambling and you break even, you feel like you're one of billion dollars. You know that?
That's true. Yeah.
Well, you wouldn't know it because you don't have any money to gamble.
It's just as well because the worst thing you could do is get involved in a bad gambling problem.
In fact, if you came on the year and said, oh, I went to Vegas and I, you know, won $2,500 bucks or something like that.
Audiences start giving you crap. Oh, Georgia's got a gambling problem just like the old man and like that crap.
You know, all these Yantes out there, the South Florida Yantes who can't mind their own business.
And if you did one, $2,500, give it to Bokeh Brown. Give it to Chick-N-Eck because he needs it.
I'm not giving him any more money. Christ almighty. I spread it around Mania. Have some people spread manure. That's how I spread my money.
Everybody gets a piece. Everybody gets a chunk.
But he's he's getting the big chunk from my old ass and they need to start paying his bills. That's all.
When you get the invoices, write a check. That's a clarify to be doing something about it.
See, Pop had the jenko look what we got. That's where I look at it.
He makes Duff look like a rocket scientist. That's what we got with clearance there.
We need, I remember on IOD saying we need a program director who's an advocate for the talent who goes to bat for the shows.
Not who's just a sports nerd who pretends that he's like a UN law sportscaster or something like that.
Go to WVUM and work their clearance if you want to be a UN sportscaster.
If you want to be a program director start being an advocate for the talent. Go to bat for us and for our people.
For our people's idiot.
How come you're not in there screaming at clearance and screaming at me? How come that's it? How come Bokeh Brown ain't getting paid?
And that's why Bokeh said in that ridiculous email about charging 50,000 bucks a bit or whatever.
I mean, that was just stupid. I didn't even read it and I said, okay, do whatever you want to.
He now he says, oh, I got Neil Seal of approval. Yes, Seal this, chicken egg.
God, they're watching too many old quiz show reruns. That's his problem.
Three U.S. soldiers started in the grizzly kidnapping murder plots south of Baghdad last June. We're not properly protected.
During a mission that was poorly planned or executed, the military investigations conclude. I like that word planned or executed.
Two military officers have been relieved of their command as a result of the litany of mistakes,
but neither faces criminal charges. A military official familiar with the investigation told the A&PS today.
A reporter in the investigation said they platoon leader and company commander, whose names did not release,
failed to provide proper supervision of the unit or enforce military standards.
A seven-page summary of the investigation provided the AP said it also appears in surgeons' may have rehearsed the attack two days earlier,
and that Iraqi security forces near the soldiers on post probably saw and heard the attack and chose to not become an active participant in the attack on either side.
Three hundred and first airborne division soldiers were killed June 16, 2006.
The mutilated bodies were found three days later tied together and booby trapped with bombs.
And it goes on, the Biko's on, we got over 3,400 American soldiers, we've got hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis,
and the public wants to know what time is dancing with the stars on. Who's going to get kicked off American Idol?
Oh my god, almighty, give me a break. When you watch like Wheeler Torscher for example, or any quiz show,
and you see how many stupid Americans there are, and there's a puzzle up there that's got like basically every letter in it except one.
There was some binbo on a couple of nights ago, and that was the case. There was every letter except one.
How about an ex? Is there an exonet there? No, I don't think so. Pat looks at her like, Jesus, God, are you some dumb stupid bitch?
And ugly beside you. And she was both. I mean there's so many stupid people in so little time, but they don't.
We don't care about dead people, they're just statistics, okay? They're just numbers on a sheet of paper,
and the media's got important things to worry about like, and Nicole who's the real father and yadi-adi-adi.
And Pericilton is only serving half of the, I will get to that, it's in my pile, I got a big, fat, juicy pile.
For a, by the way, yes? I said great. Oh, I thought you were saying Clarence's skim in it, and he's going to take care of it.
You were right. What? No, sir, if you were really friends with Chick-Nec, you'd go in there right now, and you'd go to bad form,
and you'd say, hey, listen, you little, we's a lot, you, you, you, you BDI little, I would go to bad form.
They laughed at me slightly less than they laughed at him. Yeah, well, so slightly less, or at least you got a chance.
Right, you're paying, right? Not much. Right. That's what I'd be doing right now. I'd be hopping up and down on his desk like Rumpelstool's bread.
I would drop my pants and drop a big roll right there, and somebody that they don't even want inside the building, you know, a lot of pull.
He'd let you pull. Oh, jeez. Oh, it's good. Now, you know, I felt that he came in and he was like, are we adjusting his goods that day? Oh, man, I wanted to, if there were
there'd been an injection button that day, I would just, just, just flown out of there. I have seldom in my life seen anything so grotesque.
1517, those I should have filed like a sex discrimination suit that day. I think that was intended to arouse my old ass and believe me, it aroused me to do one thing.
I wanted to get that out of there. In fact, I think that's one of the reasons I don't want to do any shows and there anymore for food. I have to say repeat performance of that.
I think what he was doing was like a one man search party. Or maybe what he was doing was like what Brady Quinn is doing in that picture. Now, what were you telling me?
That's the gay leather outfit. It looks like a wedding and obviously they were dressed up like the village people or something like that because I see one of the guys next to him is looking like the cop.
Right. And everything. And it's the thing that people have a little bit gay to me. Yeah. A lot of rumors about Brady Quinn being gay. And I sure hope they're true. I'll tell you that.
Not that I'm referring to be anywhere near, but yeah, it's just that it gives some of us a little bit of hope that we somebody could grow. It seems to be a lot of growth and going on with him. Most of it by
himself. Here's the poll from yesterday. My doctor told me I had 30 days left to live. I would do this. And then we already gave this result because we ended it during the show and put the new one on there because we
eclipsed 1500 votes yesterday. Oh, how they knew you got are we popular? Are we good? Yes. Have to keep saying that because then it sounds like we believe it.
But we know the good part. We just don't know about the popular anyway. We're on this station who don't even want to play Bokeh Brian. His from March. This is the middle of May. Here's a guy that's got bills who's living from hand to mouth.
Who had a cell is here to survive. Obviously didn't get much for it. Not too much. If my doctor told me I had 30 days left to live, I'd see the world 439 votes. Have as much sex as seemingly possible. 327. Oh, yeah. Now we're talking starting right now. I'm going to be busy the rest of the show. You handle it. Right. I will get my affairs in order 235.
Hunt up Joyce and kick her in the balls. 182. Spend my life savings on eating and parting 148. If I only had 30 days to live, it would be just one non-party.
Yeah. Right. Almost of course I was ill in which case I think about having a non-stop party. Get drunk and stay drunk 69. I wouldn't do anything. 33 boring, boring people. Oh, brother. Just sit around and vegetate. Wait for that moment. How? How thrilling.
Become real religious real fast 28. Looks very far. Well, sure did him a lot of good. He's still dead by the way. All right. I got a lot of nasty stories and articles and columns about him today. And I can't wait to dig into him.
If I have 30 days left to live, I'd make amends with those I've wrong. 28 people. And we'd like to know who you've wronged out there. 28. And what kind of bastards you are. We'd like to come and hunt your ass down with a shotgun. Then you can make amends.
Crawling to bed and stay there at 10 and ended all right now eight. I wouldn't mind crawling in bed and staying there all depending on who I was in there with. That's that's the important part of that choice.
We got over 1100 votes on today's pool already and our goal of course is a thousand. When it comes to a container, it makes real ruckus, real ruckus. Yeah, but you cheated.
Who's really a five 16? I got your breasts are beautiful.
Oh my god. I'm going to the prom. What's it up?
It does something different with your hair since the first time you've found my track in Wax-Cyone Ira and took them both clean off.
Someone has to. I can't simply need a date to the prom. Still stinking a rare sight from the prom.
Well, she's looking like a star and she's cruising to the high school prom now.
Your prom date is a hooker. But since she stole some liquor from her days, Gavin Edden, she's found her.
Yeah. How many wine is your dream?
I'm with her dating the car. She's with her legs. Just as fast as she can now.
Oh my god.
And she'll have fun, fun, fun, till her daddy finds up she got mad.
I'm on, on, ill her daddy finds up she got mad.
Well, instead of the prom, they both decide to get in the back seat now.
I got sex right here.
And her date kinda lags to push her's wearing and easily removed gown.
And when he's had his way the next day, her name will be all over her desk.
What's or not?
And she'll have fun, fun, fun, till her daddy finds up she got mad.
I'm on, on, ill her daddy finds up she got mad.
So, I've lodged with my whole heart since the night of my high school.
What are you doing now, Ron?
When you find out your daughter got late in the senior prom night.
Good shot, Gun. I got it.
Oh.
1115 votes on today's pool.
Well, I'll tell you, we are, well, it's because we started yesterday right in the middle of the show
because I was off to Woodland.
I wanna, I wanna have to lay that responsibility on your, uh, narrow shoulders.
And you ought to be really, I'm sure you were relieved.
You didn't have to worry about, oh gee, I gotta change the pool.
Cause it's such a big chore, you know.
You gotta click that button and take at least half a second.
But, you know, it's more fun to start it during the show, the new pool.
Ain't it?
Oh, I'm sorry, Brandon.
I did not go and get cash. She was in peria.
Last night I was messaging with my close personal internet buddy Brandon.
He, you know, I was talking about going and getting some crap.
And he talked me out of that.
All the way, did you get a piece of carrot cake?
Is that bad?
It's not good.
Not bad.
Could be worse, I didn't get the cash who was in peria like he suggested.
But nevertheless, hey listen, I'm doing the best I can.
But between Cisco and Brandon, they got the whoops and chains out trying to beat me into shape
and keep me alive.
See, these are people who care about me, George.
Yeah.
I don't care how much money you leave me.
You're still worth more live than dead.
Well, I also told George, I'm leaving some money in my will.
I told him how much this morning, which I thought it was a fairly decent amount.
Or it's just sweet, whatever.
It's more than I expected or well.
And also, yeah, I got to five people laid out who are going to be in that will.
And that's it.
It's closed.
It's all closed.
No matter who comes up here, no matter how much the sex they offer, it's just that.
That's the only way.
Well, it has to be simply different from...
Oh, what if they offer a big bucket of love?
Holy Moses.
1160 votes on the pool.
See, there he goes again, Neil and George, with these inside jokes.
We want to know what it's all about.
Yeah, business but out.
But out.
Idiots.
I'm the Daniel Crofts.
What will be your response?
1160 votes already.
We are kicking big fat, pimpley, smelly ass, baby.
He died doing what he wanted to do with 330.
I'm sure I'll buy died doing whom I want to do.
Oh, man.
Woo!
He was a lovely human being, blah, blah, blah.
Who's in the will?
242.
Well, guess what?
Not you.
He's in that big radio station in the sky, 166.
He's making on Jesus right now, 110.
Are you sure?
He died a free man, no wife, 92.
He was adorable, 87.
I'm adorable.
That's why I have so many offers of sexual favors, because I'm so adorable.
And you know how I turn them down, too.
He was a right, because, see, that's the problem in life.
You get offers of sexual favors from people you wouldn't touch with somebody else's hand.
For whatever reason.
I have to do all of this except for Chris, I think.
Well, Chris is doing fine.
And we're very proud of him.
Yes, he is.
Yes, we are.
We're very proud to keep it quiet, though, just like Q&A.
Keep it a secret.
Shh.
That's right.
He was adorable, 88.
I'm adorable.
If you like fat, sloppy, old queens.
He was a rotten bastard, good riddance, 63.
5.6% of the entire audience say I'm a rotten bastard, good riddance, good riddance, good
croak.
That's very nice.
That's really nice.
And I know he's up there looking down at us 28.
I'll be 26 out of 1122 vote.
5.6% of the audience think I'm a rotten bastard, I should only croak.
And good riddance, isn't that sweet?
That's just, you know, the South Florida thing.
That's one of the reasons it's so great not to be there.
It's quite an item that guy at that LLP place in Philadelphia was the right meal today.
That's for him too, Adam.
That's not an important.
Up yours, give me a lecture and at me time he's in Philadelphia.
Like a real city with real love people and like real food, man.
Like I could food in Philly.
And I'm not going to talk about those Philly cheese steaks and sandwiches and fattening stuff like that.
What?
Philadelphia cheese steaks?
Philadelphia cheese steaks.
Anyway, here's 1124 is what we got on the poll and I'm pretty proud of that since it's an old
only one 1022.
I'm not too happy about that.
Here's a schedule for today.
I'm WDQAM.
Keep it secret.
Now did Clarence come in here and say we're going to take care of that Volker brand?
You want to go into accounting right now.
All right.
I'm serious.
Take take a rope.
And you're going to take that rope and put it around somebody's neck.
I don't want to say who's back there.
I don't want to get them upset with me because they take all of me.
There you go.
But while we are, let's see if my permission to go back there and take that rope and tie on knot.
Can you tie like a hangman's noose?
I can tie any knot you can name.
Well, tie a hangman's noose.
Including a hangman's noose.
Yes.
And put it around her a heed whoever's back there accounting saying, hey listen, chicken act
Volker brand, he ain't getting paid and this is going to go right around your heed.
Unless you're going to take care of that.
I love them.
She takes good care of me.
But I'll never lessen and you know, look, see you're making excuses why not to do this.
I'm going to go to the refrigerator.
No matter how much she takes of me, I want him off my back is the main thing.
Get him taken care of.
You got it.
You're not going to do it.
I'll go over there and do the break and they'll ignore me.
They'll laugh at me.
They'll sit there and nod and pretend to give a crap and then as soon as I leave the office
they'll laugh.
Well, at least give it a shot.
I'll give it the old college try.
Right.
So at least he's the right fact to chicken act and say who we're trying like crazy.
He can hear it right now.
He's listening.
I'm trying for you, chicken act.
Volody, I'm trying to the best I can.
Hey, grow a little more hair man.
See if he can sell it.
He can't grow anymore here.
Not anything.
Maybe what I can do is you know the hair I shave off every couple of days.
I gave him a whole tour of maybe three or four days.
I'll just put it in a big sack and see if I can sell it and send him the proceeds.
Anybody want to buy some hair?
Yeah, a hairy sack.
Former Senator Mike Grovel, the Longshot Presidential candidate who's generated buzz in the
liberal blogosphere following a dramatic and heated performance during the first
Democratic presidential debate, reaffirmed his belief that President Bush should be jailed
for going to war in Iraq and that all drugs should be legalized during interview with the
Iowa Independent Blog.
You go, Mike.
Here's a man with a brain and a big mouth and a ball to say the way it is.
At a boy responding to why he seemed to display anger at the debate Grovel asserted it was the growing casual
leave us in Iraq that fueled his passion.
How would you feel if you were over there in Iraq getting shot at, getting crippled because your
leaders didn't exercise proper judgment, Grovel asked.
What about the people who are going to die between now and Christmas because we're
going to be known in the war?
That's a reason to get angry.
Amen, brother.
Grovel went on to reaffirm support for a signature campaign issue, a national initiative
process, as well as support for national sales tax, they traditionally conservative position.
But you like to say that position?
Seat.
That's what your people say.
Position like New Jersey.
I don't know why they say like that, but they say it.
When asked whether he believed Merrill Wanners should be available next to beer and liquor
stores, Grovel replied, go get yourself a fifth of Scotch or a fifth of dinner and chug a
dog at down and you'll find your lose your senses a lot faster than you would smoking
Samarro Wanners.
He asserted that all drugs should be legalized and regulated.
The drug problems of public health problems are not a criminal problem.
We make it a criminal problem because we treat people like criminals.
This man makes two damn life sense.
They better take his ass away with that news.
Grovel continued to take a drug addict to throw him in jail, leaving there and he learns
the criminal traits of them when he gets out and he has recidivism.
When pressed on his earlier statement that President Bush should be jailed for his manipulation
of pre-war information, Grovel reaffirmed that belief.
If you had an FBI agent mock at you during the day in lie, you lied to that agent, you
commit a felony and you go to jail, he said, if that's the way this ordinary citizen is
what about the President of the US who lies to the American people, fraudulently sells him
on a war that 50 million Americans don't want and gets over 3,000 Americans killed as a
result of that and thousands and thousands of Iraqis get killed.
Don't you think that's a felony?
It's criminal, he said.
And I would say he is.
Absolutely correct.
What am I getting excited about?
Because nobody gives a crap anyway.
Nobody gives a rat's ass.
They're dying like flies over there.
3,400 Americans soldiers based on a war on lies and we're worried about a stain on a
freaking blue dress.
Welcome to a campaign.
That's a boy side who's been with me too.
Who's pretty old 515?
She's right here.
Wow, ever since we got grandpa that new iPod, he's really been getting down.
I know, look at those moves.
My taste maker stopped working.
What?
Paste?
Yeah, you're setting the pace all right.
You go grandpa.
New studies suggest that Apple iPods may interfere with hard paste makers.
So the next time you think you see your grandpa or grandma boogieing down while listening
to an iPod, make sure it's the snappy music and not a failing paste maker.
Look, he's break dancing.
1031 at 560.
Give pops a break, were you?
Dance.
A lot of 148 votes on the pool.
I bet you by the top of the hour we're going to be around 1200 already.
Chris Chris is mighty impressed with us.
He's opening up a new page and his loose leaf little booklet there.
Oh yeah.
Can you go into accounting during the break?
I went and talked to Clarence and he said, yes I did.
And he sent an email to the business office yesterday about the issue because of, you know,
he got Bogey Brian's email.
Right, and probably went ahead and he had a close sweat.
Yes, he's waiting for their response.
He's waiting for their response.
You know, in all comedy, all radio on air comedy aside, you know, because we've talked
about it before the show that there's only one person that has any chance of getting them
to change their behavior or do anything at all.
And that's you.
Well, what do you think I'm screaming about here today?
Well, there you go.
So I can jump on my down on.
I'm as many desks as I've already said in my machine and woodbine.
Trying to find a good machine and have my blackberry bees and then look at it and here's
an email from chicken next to him.
Oh, they haven't paid me since March and I'm going to get evicted from all this other
stuff.
And I could do a sock puppet show on Joe Bell's desk and it wouldn't change a thing.
I think you ought to go and do a sock puppet show on Joe Bell's desk and then take your pants
down and drop a load there too.
In fact, go start eating like crazy now.
I am.
I mean, go get some of that ice cream with sorbetol.
Oh, sugar free.
Oh.
And then just drop gigantic loads on several desks in that play of it.
And it'll get out of your system.
It's right.
It's right.
It may not get anything else done.
He sent an email.
You tell that little weasel in there.
At least he's trying anyway.
You know, clearance.
We like him every now and then.
Not too much.
No, he at least he's making an effort, we think.
Maybe he's just lying about that.
He has money.
Yeah, that's right.
What does he care for crying out loud?
He probably has a budget to maintain.
You know, you know, he don't have a clearance.
Well, if we didn't have to give that fat, fat, all that money, you know, just keep the
money coming.
I told him.
I don't want to start threatening or anything like that.
In fact, next Friday is payday.
A week from tomorrow's payday.
Keep the money coming.
In fact, wouldn't surprise me if that check shows up there next Thursday because they've
been paying me a day early, but they just don't want to pay chicken at all.
Right.
They don't pay him early.
They don't pay him late.
They just don't pay him.
And I'm not going to sit still for it.
I might do the whole show on that.
I might just scream and holler and carry on and give them a whole bunch of Florida Bronx
tears and just keep it in the fact.
They suck.
I mean, here's a guy.
This Joe Bell.
His big thing is, oh, we're going to make this company money on this station now.
They've been losing money with his sports stuff.
So we got a million spots on here.
In fact, way too many on some shows.
Way too many.
But anyway.
And that's his claim to fame.
Well, that's fine if you're making it money, but how come they don't want to pay their
bills?
I'm not talking about spending money to promote God for bitter things like that.
Oh, I mean, what's more important than that is sending out the big O to the combine,
the NFL combine, or sending a bunch of goofballs out there on the, what do they call that thing
when we were talking about it before the show and that morning show and talking to Chris
about it, I'm sure.
No, to you about it about that Ron Hershey thing.
They sent him all the training camp.
Oh, that's right.
What did they call that thing?
They had a name for it.
I forgot.
They had some kind of like a seminar and they sent all these guys down to California.
They were in the show.
They were in the show.
They were in the show.
Did it work?
No.
Is that show still on the air?
Did they get a number with it?
No.
No.
No, then what we got now, I'll say that, but that's not saying much.
And so they spent, they spend money on crap like it's coming out of a faucet.
Like people flush water down the toilet.
That's the way they spend money on crap.
If it has anything to do with sports, hey, the sky's the limit, baby.
That's right.
But when it comes to people who are working their ass off, let's see, here's Phil and
Bridgeport Connecticut says, enough of the mother's day in dolphin promo.
I'm ranking my headphones off so many times my effing ears are bleeding.
Hey, you know, here's another guy, belly aching about the crap that they've got on the
streaming thing.
Like we have some control, better something to do with it.
See, I don't want people to fill in Bridgeport Connecticut or anybody else belly aching.
We got enough belly aches and stuff for it, okay?
I don't need no belly aches.
Yeah.
All we get all the time is.
Yeah.
Oh, the internet's not in fact.
I see the green light is up there.
We've had no dropouts so far today anyway.
I think we've got several dropouts working in management there.
It just isn't the way business is done.
Somebody gives you a, it's like responsible individuals.
Forget about business.
You get bills at the house.
If you got the money, you pay the bills.
That's all.
You're right out of check.
If you got the money.
In my house, the day the bills show up, that's the day the checks get written and they
get put in the mail.
That's just the way it is.
That's the way you do it.
And if these people don't have them, I need to pay the book of Brian for Kranow.
If they haven't got that money, then they ought to shut the damn thing down.
Get a padlock and shut the baby down.
Shut that transmitter off.
Then you'll see some facts to start coming in.
Oh, gee, they shut the door, QYM.
You know damn well they got the money.
Okay, in fact, I bet you George Abiesli could come in there right now and lay a check
for a million bucks on your desk.
Right.
What?
Not hers.
Right, okay.
As you can see.
You know, I do.
Unc Beasley.
Unc Grims with Bunk and Junk and Punk.
Grant and Punk and Skunk.
Skunk, I like Skunk because there's a stench man.
There's an aroma coming from the Beasley Orifice man.
He sent them an email.
He didn't get a response yet.
Get that man paid, gosh dang it.
You idiots.
Concern it.
Yeah, Concern it.
I think I'm going to say something else to you.
Just hear the hell out of it.
Yeah, I know.
Likewise.
Yeah.
1160 votes on the pool.
It's all about my death.
And you can be sure that all those about me being a rotten bastard.
Most of those are from inside the building.
Probably from management types and also from Naples too.
Probably a Joyce voted about 50 times, bitch.
You know something?
Nope.
Although knowing that it's enough to make me want to play that bit again.
I know part of them anymore.
So I will do it right after the break.
I'm going to play it again.
I'm going to begin.
Till it's coming out of our ears.
I bet you everybody to do water coercing and she blows you.
Yeah, everyone telling people to see me all commentaries on that.
Everybody loved it.
Everybody loved it.
On the day of the croaks, what will be your response?
1160 people have voted so far.
In fact, if I try 1161, see there's another one.
He died doing what he wanted to do 340.
And of course, I don't know who knows what I'm going to be doing when I die.
I say I don't know what that is.
Riding.
Riding?
Are you going to be cremated?
Yeah, I'm thinking about it.
Should I put that in the wheel too?
Is that something?
You have to have a living wheel for about how does that work?
I think you put it in your wheel, but I'm not sure.
Ask you to.
Ask my lawyer.
Yeah.
He's too busy sending me emails about Jerry Falwell croaked.
Jerry Falwell croaked.
He's another one.
He doesn't understand this show either of what I do here.
Clueless.
Clueless.
So when he and Joe Bell have their confabs behind my back, it's the blind leading the very blind.
It's the dumb leading the dumb or it's just it's sad.
Neither one of them has got a freaking clue what this show is all about or what I do here.
And then I get an indignant email from Norma saying, how can you publish something like that on the air?
Yeah, I published this.
I'm going to publish your Fag paper.
Okay, get out of my face.
You silly.
You fairy.
That.
He was a lovely human being.
Blah blah blah.
Who's in the wheel?
255.
I can tell you right today who's in the wheel, but I'm not going to mention names on the air.
But George will be in there.
I read told him that this morning.
In fact, I informed a couple people at this morning and everybody's happy.
255.
The people that I care about will be in there.
And on George's case, I don't want to say I care about him, but he's high shut.
What?
I said, ah, shucks.
No, the people that I love will be in there plus George.
I don't want to say I love George.
You know, I like George.
That's fine.
That's what I appreciate.
But I don't love him.
Good.
In fact, we stay as far.
That's why we've been working together so long.
We stay very far apart.
That's right.
And worked out very well.
Sure.
He's in that big radio station in the sky.
And not George, but me 172.
He's makin' on Jesus right now, 114.
He's died a free man in no wife, 96.
I don't know why all these people are always poo-pooin' married so bad.
Oh, I shouldn't be having such a...
Oh, stop.
In other words, there's no happily married people.
Were your parents?
Oh.
They got divorced after 30 years of it.
Mm-hmm.
Took them that long, huh?
Then they were both crazy as a bedbug.
I used to wonder, which...
Because my mother was so annoying.
I wondered as much as my father was a rotten bastard.
I wondered if she made him the way he became.
You know what I mean?
It's like a talkative thing, which I don't...
I thought about that.
I'm sure there are happily married people, but most people just pretend that they are.
We just haven't met him yet.
He died a free man in no wife, 97.
He was a durable 92.
Oh, man.
A durable.
I'm lookin' at that mirror behind me, man.
And if that's adorable, I hate to see what really bad looks like.
He was a rotten bastard.
Good ridden.
A 66, 5.6% on 256.
I guess that's just because it's 56.
66 people, hating like poison, just can't wait till I croak.
Well, guess what?
I know he's up there looking down on us.
26 soli people said that.
Well, 1168.
Told you by the top of the hour, we're going to be over 1200.
We might just...
We might break the bank here today when I pull.
And then Chris can jump up and down like Rumble still.
I could like to see that.
I'd pay to see that.
Huh?
Hey, you can use the exercise, Tubby.
I shouldn't have said that because Tulletubbies are in the news these days.
What would you be following all?
All right.
Fall to roll.
Can I do this pottery?
I'm like, can you make a ball?
I'll actually talk to Clarence about chicken neck.
That's what I'm proud of you.
See, there you go, chicken neck.
George is working for him.
Man, he's working his little ass out.
It's worth, yeah.
Well, they already hate you anyway.
So the game is over.
That's great.
They can ignore me less.
Don't count on it, I won't.
This is the reward for the late nights in the weekend hours.
This is the reward for making sure you were always first to arrive and last to leave.
This is the reward for your talent and your potential.
Ever since you were young, you knew what you wanted.
You knew what it was going to take to get it.
So go ahead, call Mercedes-Benz and Pomoda 1-800-New Benz and begin the most exceptional
adventure in buying a car.
Mercedes-Benz and Pomoda was more than just a purchase.
It's the ultimate reward, the ultimate trophy.
You don't need to show the world you're successful.
They can already see that.
This is for you.
This is where you always wanted to be behind the wheel of a finely crafted Mercedes-Benz.
It doesn't just fulfill needs and anticipates them.
Right now, explore the stunning, the amazing 2007 GL450 winner of Car and Driver's Best Luxury SUV award.
Call 1-800-New Benz and learn more.
Make an appointment with Mercedes-Benz and Pomoda.
Professional, make your time really count.
Call 1-800-New Benz today.
That's 1-800-New Benz.
This is the reward.
This is Mercedes-Benz of Pomoda.
You are listening to me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me
me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me, me , me, me, me, you didn't recognize me. How you doing now? Everybody's doing that. So I'm starting off as I walked back home and I'm just going to find an advantage okay?
OK, everybody give me your lunch ready. Hold on with the windowes here we go.
blow, she blow, she blow, she blow
she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow she blow.
she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow.
you blow, you blow, you blow.
you blow, you blow.
she blow, she blow,
she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow, she blow.
she blow, she blow, She blow, she blow.
she smoke, she smoke, she smokes, she smokes, she smokes.
she smoke, she smokes, she smokes, she smokes.
He's got a seatbelt, he's got a seatbelt, he's got a seatbelt.
He's got a seatbelt, he's got a seatbelt, he's got a seatbelt.
He's got a seatbelt, he's got a seatbelt.
You glow, you glow, you glow, you glow.
Ain't no mud songs anymore.
Since that decent infectious wall,
Skanky Joyce took them away.
Skanky Joyce took them away.
Speaking of what happens when you croak,
I'll guarantee you if there is a hell,
she's gonna be rotting there in eternity.
I'm going to tell you right now.
Hateful Sal.
1047-560-WDQM, Happy Thursday, May 17th.
Here's the schedule for the NWQAM.
Keep it secret.
We got Mad Dog, Jim Maddich.
Old number 88.
We'll be on 2-5.
The schedule says Mad Dog 2-4, and then Power Hour with Mad Dog.
Because Hank said the Freakness.
Oh, I better take a look at that for tomorrow.
Don't forget.
So that went Dave Johnson calls tomorrow.
I'll pretend that I know what's going on.
I just, I have no interest in thermo-racing,
but we've been doing it for 100 years.
And he picked the winner and so did the Humper and the Derby.
So let's see.
Power Hour and whatever.
Mad Dog's on 2-5 is what it boils down to.
Geldies on 5-630.
You don't think they're going to put him on for the Power Hour?
Yeah.
God forbid.
You think Mandage would put up with that crap?
No, no chance.
Geldie 5-630.
How do Marlon's do last night, Chris?
They won.
Did they?
Yeah.
That was a 3-2.
And the Sabers won last night, 3-2.
That was the score of the hockey game.
You're thinking of Buffalo 3, Ottawa 2, eh?
And the Spokane wasn't too happy about it.
Well, it's too bad.
I thought I thought I'd put a can.
Shuffer and Chuck attached.
And Marlon's on 2-630.
Marlon's at the Pirates at 705.
Try to a sweep that series.
I guess who they played over the weekend.
Don't tell me I look here to play in a Tampa.
Oh, why is that franchise exist?
And then he and that would be the key after the Marlon game tonight.
After we lose some more money with the Marlon's.
That's why we're dumping them out of here for the next season.
Get rid of it.
Another example of all the money they lose.
You know, because it's a sport thing.
It's a game.
Guys with Jockstrafts.
So we're willing to lose all that money for years and years.
Ever since the beginning of the franchise, they've lost money on that swill.
But oh no, we don't want to pay chicken act though,
because that's a few hundred bucks.
See, it would be one thing if it was a staggering amount, you know?
But the things that they don't pay.
Oh, I got a dilemma for it.
I got a question.
Okay.
You know my blankberry?
I do it.
Well, my cellular service.
You know what my bill was for the month of April
when I was in Europe, I was in Amsterdam.
I don't know, a hundred bucks.
I'm talking about for the cellular service and the all the roaming and gloaming.
$4,200.
Wow.
You think maybe there's some kind of a problem there?
Uh, mostly roaming.
It's been roaming charges.
For most people, that would be a problem, right?
No, no, no, wait a minute.
In other words, you think because I'm making money that I want to pay a 4,000 dollars bill.
Of course you don't.
Of course you don't.
That was me being smart.
I could say that's a chicken that can stand for Christ.
Sure, he thought, yeah, I already paid them.
I already paid those grave robbers.
$4,200.
Now what am I doing wrong?
I never had that problem before because I got, I got, it's in my contract.
Because you want to Europe, right?
That's what that was.
Yeah, but I got that in my deal.
I got that worldwide roaming and gloaming and, uh,
then you need to put all of them up and say, yo, WTF.
Yo, I don't call anybody up and say, yo, you should try it.
Maybe you call up people and say, yo, yo.
In Canada, you don't call anybody up and say, yo,
because then you hear something really strange.
Sounds like a dial tone to me.
Larry Fax isn't says, I wasn't by a radio yesterday.
Well, you know something, that's part of the problem, Larry.
We need you by the radio, guys, dang it.
Did you discuss about the horsemen at Pompano Park?
Want more of the sloped profitor there?
Aren't going to race?
No, I did not discuss it because I didn't know anything about it.
Even though I've been doing spots for Pompano Park for 31 years,
since I came to town and my late friend,
Alan J. Finkelson, arrived from Monticello at the same time I did.
Simultaneous.
And so I've been promoting Pompano Park for over 30 years,
and then with this new sloped profitor,
allowing, of course, Duff is on top of that deal.
Hey, Duff.
You're fair.
So I get no information anymore from my buddy Steve Wolf
or anybody else over there at Pompano Park
because I don't know,
because we've got a bunch of new people in over there.
I think maybe too many goi am now.
And then it says, and you're right,
when you can afford to gamble,
you don't have to set your house to do it,
you don't have a problem.
My wife and I dropped plenty at the Indians,
but we don't want to stop.
And let me just tell you this,
we know when to stop,
not just means losing,
it also means if you're ahead.
That's my suggestion for you.
Anybody wants to go to a casino?
Not just Slas,
but any kind of gamble in the casino.
When you get ahead,
a reasonable amount of $1,000,
oh, it depends on, you know,
what your finances are.
I mean, in Georgia's case,
if it was up 25 bucks,
he'd fly out of there.
You know it.
Or at Chris's case,
if he wanted to,
uh,
but third man,
so he'd fly out.
So it all depends on your own financial situation.
But that's the key to my, uh,
failure. I mean, my losing,
is that I know when to leave,
if I'm losing my ass,
and I know when to leave,
if I'm winning something,
you know, like, uh, Tuesday,
I want a grand, I flew,
I flew out of there, man.
They couldn't have grabbed me,
I moved so fast.
And they're installing a wood by now,
right in the main entrance
when you walk in there,
installing this gigantic,
huge wheel of fortune,
two cent machine.
It's got all,
it's got all the individual machines around it.
It's one of those digital things,
and even though it's two cents,
you can play up to like 80s,
and you know,
you know, those digital ones,
yes, the slot machines,
where you can play like, uh,
50 lines,
and 85 credits,
and all of a sudden,
so I don't know, I hope I don't get hooked on that.
It's only a two cent machine mine.
But it's huge,
and it's got this big ass wheel.
They got more clever ways
to extricate the money from your wallet, you know?
So that's too bad about,
the horseman in Pompo-no parking,
the Audi Audi,
but I don't know a damn thing about it.
So no, I did not talk about it,
and, uh, you know,
probably less said the better.
I don't know.
I wonder how my buddy,
Kim and Wallace is doing.
How is Wall-E,
how's it going, A?
That Wall-E, man,
he's a slippery as an eel.
1,195 votes on the pool today,
all about an eel croaking.
And guess what, you know,
I'll just talk about my will,
and who's,
I'm doing pretty good.
Do I sound good?
I sound alive, sound great.
Yeah, I would agree with you.
Well, gay, but, yeah.
I sound gay.
Well, no gayer than usual.
Oh, well, that's good.
Because I am gay,
and I'm, uh,
I'm even more gayer than usual.
Really?
Yeah, because I'm thinking about my trip up
coming to Amsterdam this month.
Oh, baby.
I didn't know if that changed.
Changed one.
Like the climate.
You're gayness, you know.
Oh, my gayness increases tremendously.
Although, I would say,
and student,
a lot of people think it's a,
a fact place.
And there is, of course,
that place, the root of Assylene,
which has got that very famous bar,
the,
ring, which I can't say the word on the ear.
That's where Al Goldstein used to hang out.
I know, it's a fact place,
but he, you know,
he kind of changes his altitude later on in life.
I guess when all the women finally,
uh, said, oh, on no more Al.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
He, he, maybe got to feel anything alive,
might be okay, especially after that little visit
to Wreckler's Island there,
maybe turned him around, so to speak.
Although that was all before that.
And I don't think he can go back to Amsterdam
because, uh,
he, they took away his passport.
If you don't have,
when a passport,
though, you're screwed.
Let me just say this to all you people
listening. It's the 17th of May.
We got June and July and August
in September. We're labor day.
A lot of vacation days come out for a lot of people out there.
Get you a passport.
Stop being so parochial and stupid.
And a lot of people think it costs a fortune to go
like to Europe and things.
If you fly coach, you know,
cattle,
like, uh,
you're the smart way to do unless you got some big bucks,
then you can afford to go.
Have a, have a great time.
I'm telling you right now.
But anyway, I was saying about Amsterdam.
It's, I would say, uh,
I would say 70,
not 80, 80 to 20.
80% straight, 20% K.
Of course, the, the lay of the land, if I can use that.
I mean, that's just my general take on it.
You know, I, I'm having been there 80,000.
I'm having four months or so.
Yeah, my informal survey.
I mean, there's enough of whatever you want.
If you're going there for a perversion sake,
which other than drugs,
I can't imagine what it would be.
And let me recommend enthusiastically to make Donald's there
on the dam rack, the one right by Dan Square.
Mm-hmm.
What?
No, you've mentioned that the food down there is that Albert
Hine convenience store right next to it too,
which is really nice because, you know,
I don't think about Europe, uh, a separate Copenhagen,
where there's a 7-11 aisle on every street corner.
I have no idea that it didn't used to be there any there.
And last time I was in Copenhagen, every, every corner now,
there's another 7-11.
And they actually sell pizza in there.
Pizza.
Oh, but me?
Yeah, I don't know what that's all about,
but they're very big on 7-11.
But most places in Europe, like in Rome, for example,
uh, convenience stores are just, uh, you don't see much of that.
There's not much convenience.
And when you go on the supermarket,
by the way, you have to pay for the bag.
You better bring your own sack, unasucco.
1197 on a pool.
We are going to make 1200 by the top of the R and Chris's
just, he's bouncing around like a child.
Like a rubber ball, like Bobby V would say.
Like a rubber ball, a Bobby V.
I remember that day that Phil Henry came running,
and we, he and I were arguing about Bobby V.
And, uh, Bobby V was okay.
The night had a thousand eyes, if you got that?
Yeah, I think so.
But, uh, do you?
Bobby, you don't want to play anymore.
No, I'm fine.
It's not important.
They don't want to hear Bobby V.
It's like a rubber ball, and, uh, uh, uh,
1197 votes on the day, on the, uh, the day,
the croaks will be your response.
Should probably put on there, we're going to have a party
or something like that.
But I guess you already got to one more.
There you go, Bobby V.
The night had a thousand eyes.
The night had a thousand eyes.
The night had a thousand eyes.
Yeah, there it is.
I know it.
Bobby V.
And the medley of my favorite Bobby V.
It's a thing that you've run around ever.
Nice talk, I knew it was.
He's loverable.
And that's what you want in the live-stream.
It's on the doorbell, though.
It's on the doorbell, though.
It's on my doorbell.
Well, after we come back from the break, we'll have to talk
and then I can afford to read the response.
You're listening to me.
You're the only one who's watching us.
We still hate you, George, and where's that dress for chicken at?
This is the Neil Roger Show.
What solid is your brain?
Any questions?
Based on the day's season, other stations are getting away cash.
Frizen, winter getaway.
But we've got a bigger picture in mind.
That's why, this year, big station is giving you...
Sonner!
What wills watch me?
That's right.
No more hunger.
No more war.
Just billions of people you've done, even though we're smiling at you.
Because they'll know your responsible for...
Sonner!
What wills watch me?
Be listening, and when you hear this sound...
In the seventh floor, you'll be able to get certificate for a large PC.
And the automatically registered for the grand prize blind.
The wind means...
Onward, real toward men.
Feet sonner, it's the real toward men.
It's non-transferable.
Feet sonner, it's the real toward men must be claimed by February 15th, 1992.
Employees of this station and TV seats are ineligible for Feet sonner, it's the real toward men.
If us, on, for Feet sonner, it's the real toward men.
He's listening to me.
I'm right.
1992, bless and oldie and the goodie.
And of course, it's not even the right time of the year to be playing that.
But I haven't played it in so long.
I thought, let's give it a shot, and I liked it.
Fumma 8 on the full, but before we get to that, Larry, who's just out of control again today,
I like these factors.
Keep the factors pouring in, folks.
Good stuff only.
Because tomorrow is going to complete a full week of no calls.
And I think this could be the first week of many, many no calls.
And the guy with a palm tree, you know, with the Miami logo on his Myspace thing,
we have 1,388 friends by the way in Myspace.
I sure like to get over 1,400 by the end of the day tomorrow.
Wouldn't that be a feather in my cap?
It would be cool.
Stuck a feather in my cap and called me a macaroni.
I do like macaroni and cheese.
I think I have it or not.
I can't do that.
That's as bad as having ice cream.
Now what would you rather have macaroni and cheese because you're doing the actins
and you can't have either one?
But if you had your druggers, you were going to cheat.
Which would be more tempting to you?
Nice macaroni and cheese.
Not crap, but I'm talking about anything else for ice cream.
Ice cream.
No.
I don't know.
I think I'm more like into macaroni and cheese.
I doubt it.
What?
I'm Tonya.
All right.
I'm Tonya.
You don't think I'm as addicted to pasta as I am to ice cream?
You're a dreaming man.
You're a crazy person.
Okay.
I'm a pasta maniac.
Oh, pasta la pasta.
China is urged to US not to take punitive acts against this country's agriculture or good exporters,
even though Chinese officials have determined that two Chinese companies intentionally
contain American pay-foot ingredients within industrial chemical.
Why haven't they been screaming about this story?
I haven't even heard about this story of you.
A little bit, but not, uh...
Not very much.
Not like that.
I guess they don't want us to go to war with China, huh?
Or they don't want more Chinese to call in all those loans and make America a go bankrupt.
Right.
They're paying the right people off.
The government said this week that it shut down the two companies and detained several of their officials
for their roles in setting off one of the largest pet food recalls US history.
You see, the Chinese are like they eat dog, but they like to kill them too, I guess.
You got to kill them before you eat them.
China also said it hoped the case will not lead to trade frictions.
Well, give me...
Let me tell you right now, there's one kind of friction that's really good friction,
and that's the kind that most people would really enjoy.
Friction, you know?
You know what I'm talking about, right?
Friction is good.
Every other kind of friction, no, is bad.
Generally speaking, I'm sure I might find some exceptions, but you know, it's no fiction.
And when I say you don't want no friction, unless of course it's the kind that you do want,
which we know what that is, but we can't say it.
Because then Joyce will get all the risks that they can't earn.
1200 and 12 votes on the pool.
On the day Neil Crokes...
I mean, what a pleasant thing that is.
You know, I got to sit here and read this.
Of course, I'm the one that put the poll on there.
So, you know, and who's the one who sent this in?
Is this the guy from University of America?
I don't know.
Again, Ray or one of those guys down there.
They're all gathered around the radio down there, University of Dodge.
Jesus, if they spend as much time selling cars as they do listening to the show,
then we'd be in big trouble, because we need their crap.
Got a bunch of taxes coming in yet or what?
No.
1200 and 18.
1200 and 18.
I'm like, well, they're thinking about it now.
On the day Neil Crokes will be your response.
1200 and 18 will be.
Now, what are we shooting for today?
Chris, you think...
Fourteen.
Fourteen.
Okay.
What?
I'll just say a 1350, you know, just to make it together.
Stop with a 50 crap.
What year is such a worst, man?
I say 1350.
How about 1301?
How does that sound?
Okay.
Fourteen hundred or die.
Die, die, innu.
He died doing what he wanted to do with 358.
I guess that was with Jerry Falwell yesterday morning.
Was it yesterday or was it the day before?
Day before Tuesday.
He died.
What do you want to do?
Eat.
He was at the Big Breakfast.
He had a whole stack of flat jacks, no doubt.
But a whole bunch of blueberry sauce poured all over it.
And maybe six, seven big strips of a hand.
And about 40 strips of bacon and he croaked.
And he said,
I'm dying out of here.
And we had a big party and a big parade.
Said, Hallelujah.
Thank God.
Well, I got a whole bunch of articles about that bastard, by the way.
He was the lovely human being.
Neil were talking, doing blah, blah, blah.
Who's in the wheel?
269.
All worried about my money.
Well, guess what, folks?
Don't worry about it because you ain't getting on.
Hmm.
He's in a big radio station in the sky, 178.
He's makin' on Jesus right now, 121.
He died a free man, no wife, 101.
He was adorable, 95.
Adorable granny, Neil.
She's such a sweetheart.
95.
He was a rotten bastard.
Good riddance, 69.
But by the way, thanks, Cisco, for the lecture about eating
and also your Brandon.
They're both trying to keep me alive.
And I'm still screwin' up all the time.
Good, good, good, what?
Good that they're trying to keep you alive, bad that you're screwin' up.
Well, no, they care about me, see, which is very nice and sweet.
It is.
A lot of people out there, all my, all my my space friends are trying to keep me alive.
They're all good people.
But I'm just a weak, you know, I'm into that sugar thing.
I had carrot cake last night, which is better than having ice cream.
Wouldn't you agree?
Why?
Why is that better?
Because when you eat carrot cake, it's very heavy.
You know what's like, it's like pecanon.
Oh, yeah, it's not light like ice cream.
Ice cream is light?
Of course not.
Are you a crazy person?
What are you talkin' about?
What are you talkin' about?
You said carrot cake is better than ice cream, because it's not heavy.
Because you can't eat that much of it.
Because it is heavy.
All right, like pecan pie, it's so ultra sweet.
You couldn't sit down, eat a whole pecan pie, but I could eat a half gallon of ice cream.
Ooh, pecan pie.
Well, I mean, too sweet.
Oh.
That's what I'm sayin'.
Ah, get out of the cake.
What do you know about this, Mr. Skinny Atlas?
Yeah, right.
He got a free man, no wife 100, too.
He was adorable 96.
He was a rotten bastard good ridden, 69.
5.6%.
69 people hate me like poison.
Well, guess what?
As the eastern sand and network of Larry was on the feeling is...
BAH!
Mutual.
Mutual.
And I know he's up there looking down at us 27th silly people out of 128.
Let me refresh you at 12.28.
Wow.
Coming in in huge chunks now from the West Coast, probably from Joyce over there in Naples.
I'm gonna tell you right now, if they don't pay Volkabrine, if I don't get a defendant
advanced by two o'clock today, that the thing is being taken care of.
I'm gonna have one of my sick days today, tomorrow.
Maybe today, maybe like right now.
I mean, what other mechanism do we have to force them to cut their...
That's it?
I could point it out to me.
I could send a hostile email to Joe Bell and you know what he would do to tell me to wipe my ass with it.
Or maybe he'd wipe his with it.
Oh, what a thought that is.
Jesus.
His ass must weigh more than I do.
My whole body.
He's all ass.
So maybe you could ask him about it.
You're not gonna do it.
Say, hey Joe, what's this, Joe?
Yo, Joe.
Since you're a yo guy, you know, yo, yo.
Does that make you cool if you say yo?
Cooler.
I don't wanna be cooler.
I wanna be a funny, dirty old fart.
Just like I do at a great time.
I want to be me.
In fact, I know all these old songs, the one song that I think sums up the Beasley Broadcasting people.
Call me irresponsible.
Who was that, Jack Jones, saying that?
Somebody like that.
Everybody's saying it.
Call me irresponsible because that's what a company that's listed on the freaking NASDAQ Stock Exchange,
BBGI, which you don't wanna buy.
That's what they are when they refuse to pay their bills.
They're the laughing stock.
And look what they've done to this radio station. It's one great radio station.
They've, they've put up some numbers, man, in his last couple of books that I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler and Joyce.
How do you like that?
Never see the two of them together, by the way.
Same Nazi.
That's it.
Heinrich Himmler Joyce.
Speaking of bitches, Paris Hilton will serve about half of her 45-day jail sentence.
It will be separated from the general inmate population authorities, be saying.
Poor Paris.
Why?
The hotel heiress will spend about 23 days in a special needs housing unit.
The century-regional detention center at suburban Linwood, LA County Sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore said.
Her sentence was shortened after jail officials gave her credit for good behavior.
Officials considered several factors in calculating the credit, including that she appeared for her latest court date.
Oh, geez, let's give her a million dollars, too. I'm sure she needs it.
Hilton will stay in the unit that contains 12-2 person cells reserved for police officers, public officials, celebrities, and other high-profile inmates.
Like everyone else in the 2200 inmate facilities, Hilton will get at least an hour outside her cell each day to shower.
Watch TV, participate in outdoor recreation or talk on the telephone.
And by the way, anybody that wants to see Paris Hilton naked, you are beyond desperate. You are pathetic.
Oh, she made that tape, you know? Yeah. Oh, remember that when that thing came out and we were asking you.
Sure, you just do that, George? As if George wanted to see that picture.
Yeah, unfortunately I did.
So, oh, oh no, one of you never been the same again.
The 26-year-old socialite, it says, here in other words, rich bitch, was sentenced to jail this month,
providing the terms of appropriation and alcohol-related reckless driving case, a judge ordered to report to jail by June 5.
A call to her lawyer, D.Y. Specialist Richard Hilton was not immediately returned. Her publicist, Elliot Mints, declined to comment.
He's probably missing, as we speak. You know what they said about guys who Mints.
You're fair.
1230, maybe, on the dial WDJ and O. West Palm Beach. That's why I used to work, man, 1975. I was alive.
I was doing that protein-sparing fast. Maybe I should try that again. How the hell did I ever do that?
I don't know, willpower or just stupidity. You know, just drink that pink ambiotic fluid every day out of a big jug.
Oh, brother, talk about big jugs. How the hell did I used to select that around you? You know, you'd look with protein. I was like, that's way before your time.
No, I remember that stuff. Do you? Sure.
It was a pink bunch of stuff in a bottle. I used to cost an arm and a leg. You'd mix it in water and you'd drink that all day.
The myth of it was that you get enough protein so you didn't wind up wasting away, but you'd be fasting.
So you were fasting no solid food.
Boy, I'd tell you the way to drop it off you.
And then, of course, people started dying from it. They said, oh, maybe this isn't such a good idea after all.
I forget the guy who started that protein. A doctor, of course, not a doctor.
Sure.
I've decided what I'm going to do about my doctor situation.
Get a Canadian?
No, I'm just not going.
I see.
What? You see what? You're going to need a doctor at some point.
At some point? Well, what I need when I'll go to the emergency place. They have plenty of those around here.
I go to the emergency doctor. That's why I get my prescriptions. I'll save half of the money.
Why the hell should I get robbed by the American pharmaceutical companies?
What I can get exactly the same drugs here for half price or less? Huh? Right.
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Too many sheep, man. Too many sheep and so little time. Not enough shears.
Crawl 32 on the pole. We're going for 1400. Chris, of course, said 1350, being the weakling that he is.
Why don't you book up a little bit? You think working on this show? In fact, I think Chris is the perfect guy.
To go with the marching and right now to Joe Bells often say, listen, dammit.
Niels getting really peeled. He ain't even going to show tomorrow if you don't get Boka Brian taking care of.
Do you think Chris has a guy to do that?
I do. I absolutely do.
Let's go to the next break.
Next break, I want you to march right in there and say, hey, listen, jolly, you jackass.
And of course, you think he's going to call up over there and like, oh, he's right.
He's scared of his own shadow.
He's got pictures of Joyce all around Surah.
And you know something, the eyes and those pictures move too. That's something that's scary.
Her eyes move around. She's watching his every movement.
1113 at 560 WQM, everybody knows a great night.
Sleep starts with a comfortable mattress. And the world's most comfortable mattress is just one phone call away at 1-800-Matrus.
If you're finally ready for a good night, sleep call dial a mattress at 1-800-Matrus for factory direct prices and award-winning service with no nonsense.
For a limited time by any Surah mattress, Surah perfect sleeper, vera weighing by Surah or Surah day mattress, and get the matching box spring free.
All models, all sizes, savings up to 250 bucks off there are already super low prices.
No knockoffs, these are the actual branded box springs that belong with a set, and you can get them for free right now.
And when you call Ask About Clarence, pricing on other discontinued models as well.
I've been using dial a mattress for about 100 years, and everybody here at QM is doing it now because it's changing the way people shop for mattresses,
no schlepping and running around, no getting ripped off, no off-name brands.
It's the modern way, the smart way, to get you a great night sleep for years to come.
So just pick up that instrument and dial a mattress on the web, it's mattress.com or call 1-800-Matrus.
1-800-Matrus.com.
We're off the last as because it stands for Steu-Pen to Savings and Suffering to Suck a Tag.
The biggest name, the biggest name, the best talent.
And your official home for Miami Dolphins football.
That's a telepastable way in these sports stuff, action into the exhaust.
4th radio, 560, QAM.
2-Night on the Discovery Channel.
We actually discovered something by uncovering the recently discovered partial remains of a lost tape interview from a 1957 BBC broadcast with Barack Obama's father, the late Barack Obama senior.
You and your wife searched through a catalog of really awful names.
To impede your son's promising future, is that correct?
Yes, this was shortly before he was born, of course.
And I wanted to make going through life as hard as it was for me.
And not to mention, I thought it would be funny.
Yes, it was some of your first choices.
Initially, I wanted to go with Tusha Bob.
Yes, it says here, you wanted to name your boy Sue.
Yes, it's true.
But that was around the time Johnny Cash sang a song called Boy Name Sue.
And how do you do? What could I do?
Not name him Sue.
Silly names aside, weren't you at all concerned about your son's future?
I didn't consider in the event he may want to run for political office someday.
I could have went with Bill Williams or something.
That would have made his life much too easy.
You chose not to go with Bill Williams?
Oh, yes, yes. I was partial to Mambo Balambo, but my wife was vehemently opposed to it.
Mambo Balambo?
Yes.
And his middle name was going to be Quasi Motel.
Yes.
Hitler would have been funnier than that, but may have caused some problems.
So we went with who say?
You will forgive me, sir, but that's insane.
No, who say?
One of the 19 at 560 WQM, has he gotten paid yet or what?
Is that checking his mail?
Has he got the...
I haven't heard anything.
Direct deposit?
I want to keep updated on this thing too, because I may take office several days a second.
You know, I got all these sick days coming.
I don't ever call in sick.
Do I?
No.
No, lately.
1200.
Once the last time I had any sick day, what did it mean?
Not lately.
I don't know what it meant.
That I would call it.
Long time ago, man.
Not long enough.
Long time ago.
1243 votes on a poll.
The Senate yesterday easily defeated a measure to effectively end most U.S. combat operations
in the Mack by next April.
But the 29 senators who voted for the amendment represented the highest number yet who have
been elected behind a proposal, the first president Bush, the butcher of Washington and
murderer, the lunatic, to bring the American troops home.
The plan by senators Russ Feingold and Senator Judy Lee or Harry Reid didn't gather nearly
enough votes to pass.
67 senators, 47 Republicans and 20 Democrats opposed the proposal.
The amendment won the vote of 28 Democrats and won independent.
But it's a fort for the fine-gold read measure, which followed a similar House vote last week.
Provide another indication about public pressure when the war is pushed congressional Democrats
to embrace once politically tabled plans that challenged Bush's management of the war.
And guess who voted against this bill?
Mel Martinez and Bill Nelson.
I just mentioned it in the past.
In fact, here's the list on the right.
She's so stupid.
20 Democrats voted against.
I'm just looking at the list to see if there's anybody without an...
Oh, look at that.
Car 11 of Michigan.
Isn't that nice?
Maria Landu of Louisiana.
Joe Lieberman, of course.
He's a Democrat right.
Krishmire and Tulsa's Jew.
Joe.
Bill Nelson of Florida.
Well, that's really embarrassing.
That is pathetic.
But what do you expect from a Yahoo like him?
He's just another nose-picking red neck.
Excuse me for the redundancy there.
Most of the other ones are like, you know, small potatoes.
But anyway, 20 Democrats voted against it because they're spineless and they have no
backbone.
And they're weak.
They're weak.
Like Al Martino and the Godfather, their voices weak and their effectiveness is weak,
not existent.
That's not a weak.
I think he's wearing his gun and so.
You cannot talk about it.
249 votes on the poll.
We got 14 out of it and made them the shade.
And Krishmire, 1350.
Don't shoot so low.
Will you please?
That's what the Dick Cheney's friend said.
Don't shoot so low.
Okay.
I got about 600 articles about Jerry Falwell.
You know, maybe I ought to take the break a little bit early because once I get into
these, I may be on a roll.
You know, on a jelly roll.
That sounds pretty good.
Although ice cream cake rolls sounds so much better.
And I know every time I mention that, George is like, well, what's that?
What are you talking about?
Or you know what I don't know what a ice cream cake roll is?
Well, somebody didn't know.
Maybe, Josh, Cortes, maybe somebody who was sitting there didn't know for an ice cream
cake roll.
I mean, any fat person like me, we know every kind of like crap like that.
I haven't seen one of those in years.
I could eat the whole thing if they still sold them in the supermarket.
I don't see them anymore.
Well, they do.
They do?
Yeah, not the eating cartbells still sell those.
Carvell sales.
I don't know.
Maybe somebody Carvell sell like real ice cream, do you think?
I don't know.
Haven't they had a Carvell product in 20 years?
They sell like soft syrup.
All the Carvell flying sauces though, I can have like 15 or 20 of those.
It wouldn't be too bad for them.
I like cookie puss.
I'll go for the cookie part.
254 votes on the pool.
I just keep mentioning the number on there because I want to encourage you know, it's
a psychological thing, you know?
If you move quickly now, if you can get in on the phone, of course I'm not taking any
calls.
I don't even remind me to turn that thing on tomorrow for Dave Johnson.
Because how are you?
I mean, not that it takes a long time to turn that monitor on.
You know how long it takes to turn it on to run?
I don't know.
Two shakes of a little like that long.
But just because Dave Johnson will be calling in the preview of the pre-pneast run, that's
why the Humphors off yesterday he wasn't around, he isn't around today and not around
tomorrow.
He's around, but he's not around.
He's mighty around.
I don't know what we're going to do about him either.
They're talking about me and carrot cake and ice cream and stuff like that.
I'm just, I'm not doing well.
Maybe because of the fact that all that pressure that's just going brand of they mean well,
they're trying to keep me alive and they're good friends and etc. and so on.
But maybe because I'm like, that's a bad excuse.
Now they're doing the right thing.
They're all over me like stink on Joyce.
Don't do it, Neil.
Don't do it.
We want to keep you alive.
You know?
Not that we like you, but we're selfish.
We might hear you on the area.
We're like, that would be good.
They do like me.
A lot.
They love me.
But nevertheless, you know, when you're addicted to something, like some people have a crack
problem, you know?
Of course, some people are addicted to different kind of crack than others, but that's beside
the point.
If you catch my drift.
I don't know.
I'm not having anything this time.
From 54 when I pulled, I'm going to click it again and now I think Chris is a believer
now.
He knows we're going to get 14.
In fact, he's probably thinking why did the old man shoot for a 15 today, huh?
Yeah.
Isn't that what you're thinking?
Yeah.
Yeah, well, quit thinking.
The biggest name of the biggest name of this talent.
And your official home for Miami Dolphins football.
Jason Taylor basketball away.
He sports from basketball to the edge.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
Well, attention.
Nirvana fans have been seen own a piece of the late Kurt Cobain, Courtney Ruff, since
the first time I've seen a lot of the fans.
I've seen a lot of the fans.
I've seen a lot of the fans.
I've seen a lot of the fans.
I've seen a lot of the fans.
I've seen a lot of the fans.
They're a rare record in our latest episodes of this kind.
And once we get to June, I'm like, let's see, June, July, August, a couple of weeks in
September, I'm not going to be around too much.
Right?
To hold you guys hand.
You're going to have to pretty much be on your own.
Now, what are we going to do this side?
I forget the way we did last year, like they hunted years before that.
We shouldn't play any tapes, and I know you work Monday Wednesday and Friday.
I do Tuesday and Thursday.
But I'm just curious about the stories on the internet.
Did I put all those on there?
Yeah, you did.
Well, why do I keep doing that?
Because you'd like it.
Because you'd like doing it.
It's fun for you.
You are so full of it.
Do you like it?
No.
It's a lot of work.
I know it's a lot of work.
Yeah, oh, that's what I'm trying to do with it.
I like it.
I'm not seeing how that, if you say it, I'm going to believe it.
Oh, you did.
You always have done it in the past.
Yeah, because I'm a good guy.
Yes, you are.
You're a good guy.
Because I feel responsible, I like it.
You know, it's my show, and it's my website.
Right.
I want to put some good crap on here, and I want to make trash work for that grant that
I pay for is a dog's operation or whatever.
And I have hard art for those stories.
I have hard art or easy after all I've carried cake, no doubt.
I see, I start talking about that stuff, and I'm not really hungry for that now.
I'm hungry for macaroni and cheese.
I can't go to woodbind today because it's just up in there two days in a row.
And I go set it any morning.
I don't want to start because if I go too much then it'll be like I have a gambling problem.
Mm-hmm.
And not that I'm losing lately.
All of a sudden lately I'm on a pretty good streak.
Either win or I break even, which believe me.
That's how they lose your time when you break even.
Mostly on the $5 machine mine.
If you got the money, you don't forget about the dollar machines.
They're sucker play, play the $5 machines.
And then you can be down to random about 015 20 minutes.
You're like, oh, that's okay.
I'm going to hit something big.
And then you don't.
You might not lose a 5 grand or something like that.
From 169 votes on the pool, well we got it easily made for like I said, 14.
That's all I'm going.
That's the size I'm going.
I don't want to start over-shooting and coming up with ridiculous numbers, especially now that we're in the dog days of almost summer.
It is.
I know I'm the only one that says that, but I don't even feel it.
I feel it.
What's after the Easter Bunny and the pay the pay soft puppet go away, that's it.
Joyce Marcel writes in the common dreams.org.
He gave religion a bad name.
Who do you think she's writing about?
Good guess.
Dead guy.
My well-mannered 89 year old mother taught me not to speak ill of the dead.
She says, but even she was laughing when she heard that Jerry Falwell had died.
I guess not too many people are going to miss him, she said.
Not being a Christian has its advantages, and one of them has been the ability to sit back and watch in disbelief.
As self-serving hypocrites be foul, all that is decent and tender about the Christian religion.
Calumny, what is Calumny?
Calumny.
I don't know.
C-A-L-U-M-N-Y.
I know I'm not pronouncing that right.
What is that?
Google it.
C-A-L-U-M-N-Y.
I know the word, but I don't know what it means.
Remember I were proud of pronouncing.
Jerry Falwell loved it.
Well, if he loved it, we want to know what it is.
Did you look it up?
Looking.
In fact, he'll long be remembered for saying just after 9-11, I really believe that the pagans and the abortionists and the feminists and the gays and lesbians were actively trying to make that an alternative lifestyle.
The AC and U people for the American way, all of them have tried to secularize America.
I put the finger in their face and say, you help this happen.
What is Calumny?
It's a fault and malicious statement designed to enter the reputation of someone or something.
That was him.
Furious, the director of the National G&L's being tasked for its laurel's jawn demanded an apology.
The terrible tragedy that's been fallen our nation and indeed the entire global community is the said by product of fanaticism that she said,
it has its roots in the same fanaticism that enables people like Jerry Falwell to preach hate against those who don't think love or live in the exact same way he does.
As soon as he was called out, even the White House rebuked him, Falwell is all bullies due back down.
He told CNN, I would never blame any human beings except the terrorists and if I left the impression with gays or lesbians or anyone else, I apologize.
Right.
Remember the Bible talking about those without sin-catching the first stone and about mercy and loving kindness, not this guy?
AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals, it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals, he said.
And when a gay church came close to being accepted into the World Council of Churches, Falwell said,
thank God this violence-atonic system will one day be utterly annihilated because there will be a celebration in heaven.
How many angry and deluded people use Falwell's words as permission to commit violence? How much blood was on Falwell's hands?
Does Shalt not kill? Not one of Falwell's favorite commandments. We visit prisoners on death row and some of them are saved,
but we believe their sentences should be carried out because they have a debt to society, he said. Respect for women, not a chance.
It appears that America's antibiblical feminist movement is at last dying, thank God, and it's possibly being replaced by a Christ-centered men's movement which may become the foundation for a desperately-need national spiritual awakening he said.
Another time he said, I don't believe the homosexual community deserves minority status, one's misbehavior does not qualify him or her for minority status, blacks, Hispanics, women, etc., or God ordained minorities who do indeed deserve minority status.
Well, that's just ignorant, Reverend Falwell, women are the majority on the planet, and we're certainly majority in the USA, maybe that's what God ordained.
Falwell triggers prejudices to such an extreme that at times you wondered if the man was sane.
Take this quote about the American Civil Liberties Union, the ACLU is to Christians with the American Nazi Party is to Jews.
All those ACLU concentration camps with their poisoned showers and cream of trams, how have they managed to hide them so well she asks?
And speaking of its stupidity, the whole global warming thing is created in the Stray America's free enterprise system and our economic stability, he said.
He said, rhymes with, he's still dead.
Falwell was not as he claimed to theologian when you examine his belief system, it becomes evident that his God wasn't God or Jesus, it was only the status quo.
He supported patriarchy, gave him his power, he supported capitalism as though God had a preferred economic policy, he supported the death penalty because we avenged as easier than turning the other cheek.
He supported the destruction of the environment because he couldn't even think so far of the box as to treasure the Garden of Eden and be concerned about its falling.
Anti-Semitism, the Jews are returned to their land of unbelief, they're spiritually blind and desperately need of their Messiah and Savior, he said.
Another time he announced that the anti-Christ is alive and living as a Jewish male.
No Falwell was not a man of God, Falwell was a snake-oral salesman, a hustler of the first ward at water.
It must be so good to be able to hate like that, to be so self-righteous, so egotistical, so proud, so sure of your own damn small-minded prejudices that you feel no shame and attributing them to God himself.
Bowies, hustlers, hypocrites, fanatics, and the rest of the rats who hide behind the Bible must be called out, Falwell is only one of a pack.
Pat Robertson is another, George W. Bush is one too.
We ought to get the bill done.
There may be two many to name and don't forget their followers.
All hiding behind Christianity in the pursuit of power entrusted only in their own self-aggrandizement, all ignorant, all uncreative, all lacking in empathy, all having to pick on those they perceive as weaker than themselves, all indifferent to the pain of others.
There are many moral Christians in this world, as there are many moral Jews, moral Muslims, and moral atheists, people like Jerry Falwell give religion a bad name.
In other words, Hubben and Dread.
And that's where he is for sure if there's such a place as Dread. You know where Dread is? Right over there I imagine.
Right. Right down the road. And probably in South Florida pretty and close.
When you've come to South Florida, baby, you know there is such a place as hell. That's why so damn hot and so humid. Steamy.
And that's why those hurricanes and all other crap keeps tornadoes, stuff like that. The big blow.
Maybe it's Joyce. Yeah, because I heard she blows. That's the rumor going wrong. I have to hear that again like after the break.
Shuttle shun. Shuttle shun.
Shuttle shun.
On 560 W. G.A.M. Miami Fort Laudale.
Cockhead or Diddy Cockhead.
Ain't no farts out anymore.
Boy. Ain't no farts out like before.
Huh?
Ain't no farts out anymore.
Boy. Some sneaky corporate hoe.
Name Joyce.
Took them away.
Absolutely.
Can't say.
Now.
I'll be cause of some bitch now.
Just to bring the ratings down.
She don't want me around.
And that's why she took them away.
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, you blow.
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
On the Daniel Crocs, what would be your response? 181 votes. He died doing what he wanted to do, 383. He was a lovely human being, blah, blah, who's in the world? 279. Nanya, as a Nanya business Georgia being there. He's getting the piece. I still keep thinking of that scene in Godfather 2, were there on the in Havana? Oh yeah, but they can't. On the roof of that casino hotel. And Hyman Roth is going talking about how they're splitting up all the
goodies there and a piece for the you know, to tire of the piece, and of course, he's eating a piece of cake. Right. How many scenes there are all through the Godfather, the three movies? Right. Cake is very important. Cake seems to be very big, and of course Michael is a diabetic. And I mean, really badly diabetic. And obviously a type one diabetic because he's not fat. And he has that diabetic coma that he goes or I don't know what it was, was it a stroke or whatever he went and it was a seizure of some sort. Yeah. Seasures. Seasures. I'm a
That's what the Mafia does. They seize your goods.
The government.
Somebody would seize migrants.
He was the lovely human being, but who's in the world 279?
He's in that big radio station in the sky, 188.
He's acting on Jesus right now, 125.
Are you sure?
He died a free man, no wife, 104.
Go let George talk to all you people out of getting married.
Okay? There's a few good marriages.
This is a real loves company. Go ahead.
I want everybody to go get married.
He was adorable, 99.
He was a rotten bastard. Good ridden 74, 5.7% of the whole audience.
Think I'm a rotten bastard. I should only croak.
Well, how do you like their maples?
Run to the core.
Just like South Florida, baby.
Rotten.
Keep a palamon.
I don't care.
I'm still getting paid a crap load of money.
See, they do that because they think that it's going to aggravate.
Oh, yeah, we're going to get it.
I couldn't care.
If we had 7,000 votes saying I'm a rotten bastard, good riddance,
do you think it would make even a teeny tiny, we need a bit of difference to me?
No.
But I don't care.
Huh.
That's one of the reasons I'm a rotten bastard, is I refuse to care.
I don't live my life or do the show or anything else in my life to please a bunch of strangers.
That's not how it works.
All these experts, they all experts on everything.
And they know nothing.
Hey, run.
I know he's up there looking down on us, 29, 1283 votes.
We'll go over 1,300 by the top of this tower.
We got two hours to go.
14 is a given.
And Chris is sitting in there.
Well, what about 1350?
That's what happens when your blood sugar is so high, you can barely think straight.
That's what happens.
Actually, I was just trying to make sure you didn't shoot too high and then you started feeling bad about it.
I'll tell you what, stand up straight.
I hope I didn't shoot too high.
Okay.
Because I wouldn't want to do anything that went over your head.
Jeff Cohen, not the one from the pizza joint.
Jeff Cohen writes, he's a regular writer on CommonDreams.org.
And he makes a lot of sense.
He's founder of MediaWatch Group Fear and former TV puttin producer and author of cable news confidential,
and my misadventures in the corporate media.
We've had many of his pieces over the period of time.
Fall well in me, he writes.
You're not going to read a whole bunch of nasty stuff about a dead guy.
Are you?
Yes.
He says it was fitting to see so much gushing on TV news about the reverend jury of fall while an hour's after his death.
He and TV news held the same thing sacred.
Fame, sound bites, and uninformed fear mongering.
At the beginning of his rise 25 years ago, it was his mainstream media complicity and co-obility
that helped build a fall while's moral majority and the myth of its clout.
As documented in Tina Rosenberg's 1980 to watch the monthly piece,
How the Media Made the Moral Majority,
Team Fall well repeatedly violated the ninth commandment by misleading journalists about their numbers in power.
Despite hundreds of outlandersly inactive and uninformed and bigoted comments over the years,
not just the three you may have heard last night, meaning a Tuesday night.
Fall or Mayday respected fixture in TV news.
The TV producers friend he didn't even know much about the topic to say yes to the invitation.
In Ferris' exhaustive study of ABC Nightlines guest list during the mid-1980s,
Fall well was one of the show's most frequent guests.
He offered his expertise about homosexuality in one episode and about AIDS on another.
Fall well saw AIDS as a holy punishment of gays and once asked by people with AIDS were not quarantined like infected cattle.
My only direct experiences with Fall well were fittingly with Fall well the TV pundit.
We did battle high at TV studios as natural habitat.
As a paid pundit MSNBC in 2002, I had colorful on air debates with Fall well,
described in my book cable news confidential.
When I debated Fall well in 2002 and whether to invade Iraq, he put it his pudgy finger at Sodom who's saying
it's having been involved in the 9-11 attacks.
Fall well was a Republican team player, blaming 9-11 on Sodom was now more important than blaming it on feminist gays in the ACLU.
As he did on September 13.
During another MSNBC debate we had on the separation of church and state, Fall well was in fine form and in love with his own voice.
March a public education today he entoned his designer creating,
atheistic society that totally repudiates our religious heritage,
this is a nation under God, he said.
Dear God!
Near the end of the debate are we stated a point that open with that Fall well had not answered.
Reverend Fall well, if our nation under God, it's interesting that the founders of our Constitution, our framers,
didn't even put the word God in the Constitution, that was by design.
You haven't read it very clearly, Fall well responded, let me correct you on that.
The Constitution is dated 1787 and the year of our Lord.
He slowed down to an unseated, each precious word considering a gotcha moment.
Fall well, and I work on the split screen as he sternly pointed his finger at me,
I shook my head, facing my hands in disbelief.
The debate closed with Fall well continuing to a big finale.
The separation of church and state is a myth to clear the preacher like global warming.
We were now on split screen with me laughing at the ignorance I just heard.
Fall well appeared very self-satisfied over his pro-God and the environment, too far.
Four years after the factually challenged Reverend continued as a TV punitive by contrast,
I was silenced for political reasons as the Iraq war neared.
With immediate cheerleading for war, the last thing TV news wanted was so-burnt accurate caution about the impact of an Iraq invasion.
TV prefers the far-walls and encoders in Frank Gathnes.
Instead of so much gushing about how far-wall had involved values of voters in our democracy,
it would be nice to see some interest fresh from TV news about its own rule,
enforcing factually challenged right-wing bigots on the American public
to the new exclusion of informed progressive voices.
Nice going, Jeff Cohen, you row job.
What every name is Jeff, baby.
Joe Mama.
Say I got Joe Bell on the mind because of that vocal Brian situation.
Has anything been straight now because it's almost noon?
I've heard anything new.
What do you mean having anything new?
Clarence hasn't come in there and said the check is in the mail.
No.
The direct deposit is on the way to Chickadek or something like that?
No.
I'm going to tell you something man, there's going to be hell to pay.
I'll get Norma Kent on the case.
Then they'll laugh.
Oh yeah, they really fear him man.
I'll laugh.
I'll hear it out.
I mean this is a guy that went to lunch with Joe Bell the first time when the lunch was over said,
hey that Clarence is a good looking guy.
This is what I got.
Pop had gencles of what I got.
You're fairy.
You're about as ineffectual as a limp noodle although I do like my pasta.
Isn't Salfus out of jail by now?
I would think so.
I might see he's not back in a radio business.
He probably wouldn't have too many prospective clients.
Maybe Sunny Fox would like to accompany him.
Whatever happened to Sunny Fox?
He's still over there.
I can't see.
What was he doing?
The satellite stuff wasn't for one of the channels.
This is Sunny Fox.
I listen to you Rodgers because I can hear the word asked.
Oh well don't say the whole word.
No.
God.
See we can't play that anymore.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Try 86 on the pole and you're giving me a son of an advanced poor Chris.
No matter what he does he can't do the right thing.
It just goes with the territory I guess.
Because when you got that much fat in your body like chokes off the circulation right under your chin.
Right at the neck.
So I bet you the Humphre is going to be on.
I'm sure he is because he's in Baltimore right now for the preekness.
Now if you talk to him, I'm not that I doubt that he'll call.
I'm sure like 11 o'clock tomorrow morning like clockwork Dave Johnson will be on the phone and we'll go through that hole.
I'll have to do a little homework on that tonight.
I haven't spoke to him lately.
After a little homework on the preekness again.
Well I don't know anything about it.
I mean that horse that won the Derby.
What was it street street beat?
What was it?
I don't know what I wasn't paying any attention.
What do you mean we're paying any attention?
He was 19th in the backstretch and he circled a few as Bob Savage would say the late Bob Savage.
He circled the field along the rail.
It's for codgers.
Now how do you circle the field along the rail?
Stop and think about that.
Okay when you're going on the inside, how do you circle the field?
But that's what Bob Savage used to say.
He turned out to be a pretty good guy you know.
No.
I don't know.
And he married a big tall, a very wealthy lady.
In Chicago.
Good for him.
Yeah good for him is right.
You know I'm legit.
You short guys.
You always find big tall broads.
Of course your wife isn't wealthy and that's on point.
I'm sorry.
Very sad.
That's all in here.
And you sure aren't going to make it or her wealthy.
Nope.
That's one good thing you got going.
Oh yeah that's good.
Because revenge is always sweet.
You know at least you're not going to leave no big amount of money.
I like a lot of guys.
They leave all that money in their will.
And then people that have intruded all that well during their life.
I have a lot of money.
I just leave my case.
I'm leaving only to people who have treated me well.
I see.
In spite of what you're thinking.
Right.
Because you have certain prejudices against your friends.
I don't want to mention any of course.
No.
In particular because there's no idea how you've been treated.
I would be like talking behind their back.
Right.
You don't know what anyone is saying behind your back.
Reality.
And you know what?
I really don't care.
As long as I don't find out.
That's good.
You don't care.
And don't be making up any more stories either.
Right.
Well listen.
You know, that's what you were telling everybody.
You wanted my will and now you got it.
Oh, that's it.
Did you hear?
Oh, there he goes again with that inside stuff with George.
We can't take it.
Now, was that from the same goofball from that record LLP and Philadelphia?
That photo guy.
That Adam guy.
We haven't heard from him since I read his first name on the air.
I mentioned you know something from the email.
I think he learned his lesson.
Well, Adam, when he came to Kara.
I just, when I found that other one that was sitting right up here.
The one from the day before.
Also long, long, solid dance about all these air checks and the WIWD.
And if I know you're hosting a different one, you sounded so alive and I'd be laughing and joking with the colors in those days.
Well, maybe I was alive and joking, but that's 100 years ago.
Yeah.
And we had a color something.
A lot of people sounded alive 100 years ago now they're dead.
At least I'm, at least I still sound alive.
I'll say that.
I ain't doing no Don I'm a snowmobile with that beheaded hole and stuff like that.
Oh, we got bitch who's what I mean, Joyce.
Excuse me.
That's just changed your name to bitch.
That'd be a good idea.
Sure, rhymes with their last name.
Bitch, bitch.
I like it.
It's got a good ring to it.
Right.
Probably not.
When we come back after the breakaway number over 1300 and then Chris is going to like a polo jar.
What's the biggest personality?
A 40 or 50?
She way out.
This is great equipment.
Whenever I shape my phone, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Right.
She got the lowest ratings on the evening news.
Even looking free runs up, she's loose.
See me, I think that he knows that feeling is thick.
Nobody is watching TV, correct?
No.
That's why I remember that he's a cool man in the back.
But she can't be happy because she's way in the back.
Bitch, she wants to bet your head in with a prick.
Nobody is watching TV, correct?
Can he get me dancing, I will ya'll.
Found him down the pesto and the pso.
And she went to she never looked into the show.
Come back to me as she said and I'll come to know.
Find spot break friends that's better numbers on neck.
Nobody is watching TV, correct?
Oh, can he?
One news, lady, can he?
Future, shady, can he?
One news, can he?
Nobody is watching TV, correct?
No, you long as more people watching.
People rather hear some giant say.
Boy, she's meanin' at the almost-cars TV, yeah.
She can follow the crew by a real and straight.
Crazy little earring wearing Luna's neck.
Nobody is watching TV, correct?
He also can't be pretty good.
Oh.
Oh, man, I guess they went to heaven and I'm back.
Cause they need a light of flingin' things on track.
But if they can't get him, I might hell instead.
Cause nobody is watching TV, correct?
Who's down right to the sentiment?
Down, down, down, wait, down.
Nobody's watching TV, correct?
Down, down, wait, down.
I just love it.
I love what he does, they're like, he ran out of material.
Kinda like that.
13 of the revolts by the way in a pool.
Now, do you have any doubts that we'll get to 14, Chris?
No doubts.
Okay.
Well, let's go off our 13-0-2 before we-
Okay, you're right, we gotta get to 30-0-2 before we get to 1400.
I mean, what is your- what differences does it really make?
You know what I'm thinking about playing sometime this hour?
I'm just thinking about it.
I'm not sure if you're in seeing or promising, but-
Right, you know, fun sounds like me, but-
Be proud, but it's just going through my mind, especially since we're talking so much about poor chicken, I spoke of Brian today.
And the fact that this company don't wanna pay him.
I mean, they owe him for like March and for April and for like half a May.
And they're just stallin' and ston' on.
Did you go back in and see currents and revisit and find out what happened with his email to corporate to counting over there?
To girl in Beasley?
No.
To the measly Beasley?
You don't wanna pay people?
No.
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
And there are people out there saying, well, the money they're paying you, how can you call them cheap?
Yeah, that's because I make an emmelod of money and have been for almost 10 years now.
That's why, not because they like me, because they're responsible.
Because if they did stop paying me, I tell them we're just stuffin'.
And I think Boca-Brian oughta tell them to stuff it.
But keeps sending me good stuff in though.
Right.
No, listen, we can't afford to be without his crap.
Right, I'll...
Just that one bit alone, no more farts on, just that alone.
It's gonna take about half of the show all next week.
In fact, you know something is a protest tomorrow.
What I'll do, I think, I'm gonna play that all day.
All right.
If they don't pay him, if they don't make arrangements to take care of him, I'm gonna play that just all day.
We'll get the spots on and that's it.
Everything that sounds like a plan, 1303, and a poll, by the way, we're kicking ass, baby.
In spite of them.
In spite of these losers and abusers and boosers and...
Oh, God Almighty, that's what happens when you work for Goyam.
So I'm looking at the appeal for the Pimlico street sense.
I thought the horse was called street meat.
He probably will be if he doesn't run good in the pregness.
Now, where is it that they eat horses in Japan?
Uh, China?
How does it China? Well, China they eat everything.
I mean, you know, let's think of it.
If it moves or ever did move.
I told you about...
Oh, great.
It's also supposedly...
I told you about going to that Chinese market on Spadina here once in a while.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I was looking for that low carb.
I'm scared of that.
That's why I eat pasta.
Oh, man, just the aroma of this stuff in it sort of puts you in a coma.
Tiger's teeth and all this...
Tiger ball.
Right over here.
Nasty crap.
Well, I mean, when you think of crap, you think nasty anyway.
The early lineup for the Pimlico street sense, there we go.
That's gotta be the champion, baby.
Let's pick him.
Like, we always do jump onto Badwagon, like Funny, Fella, and all these other ones.
Funny side.
Street meat.
I mean, street sense.
Hard, did I say that yesterday at the end of the show that any great city has gotta have street meat.
If you go to a city and there's no like vendor selling like, uh,
Brawlers and weeners and stuff like that, it's a crap city.
I'm telling you right now.
That was in a West Palm Beach where they stopped them.
Remember the, uh, Topless Street vendor?
The...
The Thong-wearing hot dog people.
I don't see them anywhere.
Really?
Now I'm talking about a West Palm few years ago.
They have the Topless, uh, I think she was Topless.
Well, whatever she was, they shut her ass down.
And the rest of her too.
Fair, everything is like, we strict and repress and repress and restrict and the blue nose, this and blue nose.
Uh, it just makes me sick.
Street sense, hard spun.
Corlin.
Pufelsberg.
King of the Roxy.
Chalokie.
Exchanger.
CP West.
Flying first by a star race in Minslulup.
Minslulup.
No doubt, King of Seattle.
Slu.
No doubt, see how clever that is, where they name these hot-sits.
Minslulup.
Ah, as opposed to mid-Jule, of course.
That's what they drink at the Freakness and Baltimore.
The mid-Juleps.
Now do you know what a mid-Julep is?
I'm not a drink guy, you know?
Not really, no.
I assume it's got mint in it.
And juleps.
You know what I'm saying?
If you drink it, you're mince.
1311 on that pole.
They can't wait for Neil to croak.
That's okay.
It'll happen one of these days.
And you'll say, oh boy, we sure miss him now.
In fact, why isn't that on there?
Chris.
On the day when Neil croaks won't be your response.
Boy, I sure miss him.
Although I guess that would be assuming that I would work until I would croak.
That's not a good assumption.
Is that a good assumption?
That's an assumption.
Yeah, I think that's a little bit of a stretch.
I don't want to work till I croak.
I don't want to croak on a year.
I don't want to do a Jerry Williams and be like 85 years old and wonder,
how come Walt's table won't put me on the air?
And then he had a heart attack after I talked to him that time.
Jerry Williams.
And he died in the surely there after.
Probably was my fault.
I told him, don't you understand that Walter's table was too face and he's standing in the back
and lying in the end of the box.
And he got just wild.
Just wild.
I mean, how could he be in a business as long as Jerry was and not know that consultants are full of crap?
He was just foaming at the mouth on the phone.
My good buddy, Jerry Williams.
He, uh, nice to me in the back a couple of times too, by the way.
But he's dead now so it doesn't make any difference.
A lot of backstabbers in the business, you know, like Keith Obermann there at MSNBC helping to get I'm as far as the I'm in.
What, what, what do you think Charles is doing the news guy?
Who's, who's asked is he looking now?
Well, I'm in.
I hated him, man.
I couldn't stand him.
I, I don't like butt kisses, you know.
I never liked that McMahon.
And of course, you buddy with the suspenders and the bag and the, uh, squeeze bag.
I'm not too big on him either.
Especially since he lied to me about getting his job at WIOD.
I spoke to Bill Vines, Neil.
It's all set.
You're all set to go.
You're going to be doing seven of them in the, and I never talked to anybody.
Just full of crap.
Larry, you are a compulsive liar and ask us, sir, and a multi-millionaire with a young wife and with lots of making babies.
How old is he about 100 Larry, you think?
At least.
Still making babies.
Oh, here's another skating article about your buddy that just croaked.
Jerry, fall well.
All right.
I thought I took care of most of those, but I got away.
I always have more in my pile, you know.
Because one thing about me, I'm really vile because I've always got more in my pile.
Max Blumenthal, agent of intolerance.
This is a good slice job.
Slices him an ass.
In fact, Larry, and I'm sure Larry did kiss him many, many times because he had him on there all the time.
The more hate-mongering they were, the more he liked him.
Or the more phony they were, like Ross P. Row.
Those are the kind of people that Larry loved.
Uh-huh.
Prop him up there and make him look good on TV.
My good friend, Fidel Castro, you know, I'm surprised he didn't kiss his ass.
And by the way, speaking of that, speaking of Fidel, we don't hear too much about him no more doing.
Not much, no.
No, nothing much to it.
And you want to know why?
Because the party has stopped.
All that street party that was going on and everybody doing the Huchi Kuchi and playing at Celia Cruz music.
Guess what?
It stopped all of a sudden because Hugo Chavez says, hey, Fidel is a dancing a kazaski.
He's doing the Tarantella's, not a Mexican dance Tarantella.
It's on the talent.
Whatever it is.
Oh, look at that.
You buddy Sean, the poor man's personal friend.
Um, whose friend?
My friend.
He says, below is your guy.
Oh, this is a doctor recommendation.
Doctor recommendation.
Doctor, well, thank you Sean.
Old people know all the good doctors.
He's got a jihadi, name, oh, it's a terrorist doctor.
All right.
He says, professional and sympathetic with top-notch staff and equipment.
And then says, get some exercise, damn your soul.
See all these people are lecturing me and I agree with them.
For one.
Just go and Brandon and the Sean.
You go Sean.
Well, no, they're doing it to cut out of love.
They love it.
That's right.
Sean says, PS, no cracks from George.
My heart rate is 50.
I can run four miles faster than he'll be fired on your return.
It's like, I don't like it.
Oh, man, what a shot.
And then it says just kidding.
We love George.
Yeah.
I'll ring down the stage.
Sean, I can run four miles faster than he'll be fired on your return.
That's a good one.
If we're racing, I want it to be on skates.
What a shot that was, man.
That was a shot through the heart.
Just like, yeah, I'll skate twice as long as it takes your heart to give out, Sean.
Man.
So here's the address of this guy who does have a very jihadi name.
Look at that.
He's a Muslim.
Well, I don't know if he's a Muslim, man.
I've got like a Muslim name.
And he's in Hollywood.
Well, that's interesting.
Cardiologist.
Well, that's good.
Thanks, Sean.
I'm putting that right over here.
So I got one up here and one down there.
And for the time being, I'm not going to go see anybody.
I'll call this guy eventually.
I'll say, you know, my friend, Dr. Borg, and I'm surprised I never got a fax about that
or an email or nothing about what happened to Howard Borg from the Cleveland Clinic.
Maybe he died or retired or maybe opened a private practice.
Or maybe he left town like so many of the doctors in that joint.
All it seemed to do.
Remember the one that was related to the guy from, was it Gary Mills?
I don't even know.
Or was it Gary Sanger?
Whoever was, he wasn't black.
Whoever the guy was, I'm talking about.
He was a crack.
He was a pedantrist.
In fact, he'd like to stick his foot in your...
Blackdome.
Probably good.
We don't remember who he was.
His hand in your wallet and his foot in your...
Blackdome.
And that's not a good combination, believe me.
I mean, if he stuck his hand in your...
Blackdome.
...in his foot in your pocket, that would be interesting to see, okay?
13, 119 votes.
Oh, man.
I'll tell you.
Great Florida doctors.
Well, what a short list that would be.
When it comes to a contagious...
...it makes me a Roger's, you're a Roger's.
4th video, 5th 16th.
He will be a...
...absolutely.
Oi!
Wait, let's go.
Hey.
Aiya, aiya!
Gary's always always.
Aiya, aiya!
Gary's always always.
Aiya, aiya!
Gary's always always.
Aiya, aiya!
Aiya...
Uh, ah!
He'd been a bad hot guy.
Oh, ah.
He was a bad guy.
He's always trying to hit me off.
That's an idiot.
Hecot...
Well, that's...
He's notrai.
What the heck was that?
Oh, man.
kolastic
jological
chires
11.15 and 5.60.
40 km Vi
understand why there's seven people already voted boy sure miss him meaning
when I croak what the isn't that sweet why sure miss him and they will man
when I like Ricky Tiki sent it off last Friday for the last time they already
miss rich Shaw you know those great talk ups and that but like that you know
that's fast stuff he used to do I miss it I told you he sent me another nice
not a nice email but I mean I know you know just need me with his phone number
so he's sincere about wanting to take us to a dinner you know me and a friend of
my choice and you and your lady right or you and your wife whichever you're
in a better mood to do that's right I'm sure that's a who treat me better
that day now that she know who rich Shaw is my wife who grew up down here are
you kidding she's never lived anywhere but South Florida oh how sad I know and
of course not why she doesn't hate it here like something you being the
schlepper that you are having like exactly taken around the world to see all
the hotspots I've taken her to everywhere that I've taken her has been better
than this place New York North Carolina and you could take her to
um Bangalod Dash right I was trying to think of something that place really
desperate you take a bangalod being improvement mm-hmm on South Florida I don't
want to say that like it like I've got distinct for that place but I do what
bangalod that find you know the South Florida I find it to be totally un un
inhabitable un unacceptable un un friendly and just let me think about arguing with
him but don't well I'm not gonna just thought about it 1331 votes on our award
winning pool man we got 14 made in the shade and after that it's whatever it is
it is you know manza manza next blue lymphaw writes agent of intolerance
about the now dead and still dead jury fall well still dead jury fall while
found unconscious in his office Tuesday expired at age 73 spent much of his
life hurling maledictions and his probably best to let him speak for himself he
was after all a preacher in 1984 fall well called the gay friendly metropolitan
community church a violent satanic system that will one day be utterly annihilated
and there will be a celebration in heaven members of these churches
follow out of our boot beasts fall well initially denied his statement
suffering Jerry Sloan and MCC minister and gay rights activists five thousand
dollars to prove that he had made them when Sloan produced a videotape containing
footage of fall well denunciations the Reverend refused to pay only after
Sloan sued the fall well call call up the money from a letter of the
uttered callus of its over his long life in 1999 he warned that tinky winky a
character on the children's show telletubbies might be gay his most his
most infamous remark what that wasn't even the right thing no it wasn't so it's
purple tinky winky see you can't get it no I can't why not I guess I can find it
faster yeah oh is that the well that's the winky winky no I think I thought it
was great read close enough cannot continue with this article by Max
Blumenthal or not if you must in 1999 follow warned that tinky winky a
character on the children's show telletubbies might be gay but his most
infamous remark arrived on the morning of 9.11 after the terrorist attacks
when he proclaimed I really believe that the pagans and the abortionist and
the feminist and the gays and lesbians were actively trying to make that an
alternative lifestyle the ACLU people for the American way all of them have
tried to secularize America I point to think we're in their face and say you
help this happen you notice how all these different stories about him that
we they've all got a lot of these same quotes and that's fine just to make
sure you don't forget them though follows influence waned in this
wildlife years is approval rating among evangelicals according to a 2006 pew
pool had drifted downward to 46% is well publicized gas continue to make him
one of the most recognizable figures of the Christian right while the names
of evangelical heavies like focus focus focus on the family founder and
chairman James Domson and family research council president Tony Perkins are
known to most people fall well's budget visit remains the symbol of the
culture war his apostles haven't heard it as Perkins wrote a fall well in a
newsletter after his death he was a pioneer whose legacy marked by courage
and candor blaze the trail for all men and women of conviction to engage boldly
on the great questions of our day but for fall well the questions that they
didn't always relate to abortion and homosexuality nor did they begin there
decades before the forces that I'll make up the Christian right declared their
culture war fall was a rapid segregationist who rallied against the civil
rights movement from the pulpit of the abandoned backwater bubbling plant he
converted into Thomas Roebath's church this opening episode of fall well's
life studiously overlooked by his friends naively unacknowledged by many of his
chroniclers and puzzlingly puzzlingly and glaringly omitted new obituary's
the Washington Post and New York Times is essential to understanding his historical
significance in galvanizing Christian right indeed it was race not abortion or
the attendance suite of so-called values issues that propelled fall well in
evangelical allies into political activism as with his positions at abortion
homosexuality the best basso profundo preachers on words on race stand is vivid
documents of his legacy fall well launched on the warpath against civil rights
four years after the Supreme Court's Brown versus Board of Education
decision in the segregated public schools with a sermon title segregation or
integration which if chief justice warranted as associates had known God's
word and the desire to do the Lord's will I'm quite confident the 1954
decision would never have been made he said the facility should be separate when
God is drawn a line of distinction we should not attempt to cross that line
fall well zero might have continued the true Negro does not want integration he
realizes his potential is far better among his own race fall well and under
when I was the integration will destroy our race eventually in one or the
city he wore they passed their friend of mine tells me that a couple of
opposite race lived next to door to his churches man and wife as pressure from
the civil rights movement built during the early 60s and president Lyndon
Johnson introduced sweeping civil rights legislation fall well grew
increasingly we're a conspiratorial he enlisted with jay Edgar Hoover to the
gay Edgar Hoover to distribute FBI manufactured propaganda against Reverend
Martin Luther King Jr. and publicly denounced the 1964 civil rights act as
civil wrongs in 1964 sermon ministers and marchers farble attacking as a
communist subversive I guess you couldn't call McCommie pinko though
right now after questioning the sincerity intentions of some civil rights
leaders such as Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Mr. James Farmer and others who are
known to have left wing associations fall well declared it is very obvious
that the communists as they do in all parts of the world are taking advantage of
a tense situation in our land and are exploiting every incident to bring about
violence and bloodshed he concluded preachers and I'll call to be politicians
both soul winners then for a time farble appear to follow his own advice he
retreated from massive resistance and founded a Lynchburg Christian Academy
an institution described by the Lynchburg News in 1966 as a private school for
white students it was one among many so-called SEGA academies created in the
South to avoid integrated public schools for a fall well in his brethren private
Christian schools with last readout rather than continue a hopeless drug
against the inevitable through their schools they could circumvent the
integration entirely five years later fall well Christian Liberty University
accounts that today funnels a study stream of dedicated young cod raise
republican congressional offices and conservative think tanks Tony Perkins is
among fall well Christian soldiers in a recent interview broadcast on CNN the
day of his death fall well offered his version of the Christian rights
denizens we were simply driven into the process by Roe v. Wade and earlier than
that the expulsion brought from the public square but his account was fuzzy
revisionism at its best by 1973 when the Supreme Court ruled on row the anti
abortion movement was almost exclusively Catholic while various Catholic
Cardinals condemned the courts ruling w a quiz while the fundamentals form
president of mergers largest Protestant denomination the Southern Baptist
convention casually endorsed it fall on an independent Baptist for 40 years
joined the Southern Baptist convention in 96 I've always felt that it was only
after a child was born had a life separate from its mother that it became an
individual person Chris well explain and always has therefore seemed to me
that what is best for the mother in the future should be allowed a year before
row the SPC had resolved to press for legislation allowing for abortion in
cases well abortion clinics sprung up across the western in the 1970 I
better do the break now finish this all right take a breath long man it's long
but it's worth yes it's worth reading because it's not another one he's
ass-looking deals you know every time somebody dies the matter of anxious we
pulse of obnoxious they are the media's got a liquid liquid liquid liquid
you know
money
first
an
He gave sign on his head.
It wasn't upside down.
Try angle purple tinky winky.
Upside down, try angle purple tinky winky.
Upside down, try angle purple tinky winky.
Hey, tell it, tell it.
Where, just when I fought things,
couldn't get worse.
I noticed he was carrying a little purse.
Now, how can they call this a children's show?
I may be purple, but I have a brown hole.
He has an upside down, try angle purple tinky winky.
Upside down, try angle purple tinky winky.
I love to dream your balls.
Hey, purple tinky winky.
Hey, tell it, tell it.
Where, where, where, where,
most of out Christian kindness hard to believe?
But on the tell it, tell it's only as a TV screen.
It had a purple tinkers pointing straight at me.
That was blowing an eye through the hole in the thing.
And we can't even get this man pay a few hundred bucks
by the beastlies.
OK, the deadbeat broadcast is man.
That's what they ought to have.
Instead of beastly broadcasting,
it just ought to say deadbeat broadcasting.
On the floor.
That's it.
DBVOG, whatever it is.
Deadbeats.
And of course, this is nothing new.
I mean, this has been going on since I'm sure long before we
came along.
Yeah.
Think of the facts as well.
I've heard the stories.
People in tears.
What do I have to do to get them to pay me?
I've said this in voice.
A thousand.
People were made to kill themselves
because the beastlies don't want to pay.
They want you to play, but they don't want to pay.
That's the way it works.
Well, guess what?
Tomorrow we're playing at no fart sounds all day
if they don't take care of him.
Yeah.
And I want you to be in charge before I finish this very important
article, Ripney and Jerry, follow the AST source.
I just want you to be in charge of this and follow through.
All right.
So by the end of the day or by certainly tomorrow morning,
when we can fabricate again, I'll
have a definitive answer.
We can plan our day because it's one thing about this thing
as you well know.
As you well know, this DCS, you can load up.
Oh, yeah.
You didn't, no matter what it is.
It's just the hours of the day.
But man, there you go.
See that?
By the way, wait a minute.
Don't.
All right.
Let me know when.
OK.
The only person that we need to hear back from is Boca,
because they can say anything to me inside the building.
And I think I'm going to change anything.
Well, how is he going to know when he gets a response
from his email saying that the check's on the way
or something like that?
I mean, check is in the mail.
Or something.
The beastly tool you, the check was in the mail.
What would I do?
I would ask my ass off.
Whoopie laughs sounds good.
13, I have an effective votes in it, poor by the way.
We got 14 that are made in the shade.
And Chris is saying, oh gee, you were right, old man.
You were right.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking holy Moses.
While abortion clinics sprung up across the US during the early 1970s,
evangelicals did little.
No pastor's evoked the dreads caught decision to wonder
mind the legal justification for abortion.
There were no clinic blockades.
No pastor to Christ to liberate the preborn.
For a fall while in his allies, the true impetus for political action
came when he subpoenaed court world in green versus calmly
to revoke the tax of them status, a racially discriminatory private schools
in 1971.
The resentment was compounded in 75 when the internal revenue service
was intended to revoke the tax of them status at Bob Jones University,
which for bad, for bait, interracial dating.
Life's were denied entry until that year.
Follow as furious complaining in some states it's easy to open a massage parlor
than to open a Christian school.
Seeking to capitalize on mounting evangelical discontent,
a white winged Washington operative and anti-betican two-caflic-name Paul
Wyrick took a series of trips down south to meet with
Wyrick and other evangelical leaders.
Wyrick hoped to produce a well-funded evangelical lobbying outfit that could
lend grassroots muscle to the top heavy Republican Party and effectively
mobilize the vanquished forces of massive resistance into a new political block.
In discussions with all, while Wyrick cited various social ills that
necessitated evangelical involvement in politics, particularly abortion,
school prayer, and the rise of feminism, his inflowations initially fell on
deaf ears.
I was trying to get these people interested in those issues and I utterly
failed Wyrick recalled an interview in the early 90s where changed their mind
with Jimmy Carter's intervention against the Christian schools, tried to deny
them taxing them status on the basis of so-called de facto segregation.
In 1979, at Wyrick's behest, Fawlwell founded a group that he called Moral
Majority, along with a vanguard of evangelical icons, including the
Unx's D. James Kennedy, Pad Robertson, and Tim LaHae, Fawlwell's organization
Hoistid de Banner of Pro Family Movement, declaring war on abortion and
homosexuality.
But we're not for the federal government's attempts to enable little black
boys and black girls to go to school with little white boys and white girls.
The Christian rights culture were reluctantly never come into being.
The religious new right didn't start because of concern about abortion,
former Fawlwell ally Ed Dopson told the author Randall Bomber in 1990,
I said to the non-smoke-filled backroom of the Moral Majority he said,
and frankly don't remember abortion ever even being mentioned, as the reason why
we ought to do something.
As the Christian right gradually transmitted its racial resemblance to
sexual politics, Liberty University began enrolling non-white students, and
Thomas Road Baptist Church integrated.
In the irony of ironies, in 2006, at Justice Sunday 3, a rally for the confirmation
of Supreme Court nominee Sam Alito, a man who belonged to a white, only eating-closed
Princeton University, Fawlwell hotingly rose to sing,
We Shall Overcome.
Behind him stood Martin Luther King Jr.'s niece, Alvita King, an evangelical anti-abortion
activist.
On the day of Fawlwell's death, Republican presidential firmmen
has fell over each other to memorialize him.
Arizona Senator John McCain, who in 2000 in the presidential campaign to
call Fawlwell an agent of intolerance, then spoke at the 2006 graduation ceremony, Liberty
University, praising Fawlwell as a man of distinguished accomplishment who devoted his life to serving
his faith in country.
Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor whose Mormon faith has listed as a
cult by Fawlwell, Southern Baptist Convention, hailed him as an American who built and led
a movement based on strong principles and strong faith.
The legacy of his important work will continue through his many ministries where he put his
faith into action, said Mitt.
Rudy Giuliani, the thrice-married pro-choice former New York City Mayor, gay rights advocate,
and, urs-wild cross-dresser, was also profused in his praise at Fawlwell.
He was a man who said a direction, Giuliani, said he was someone who wasn't afraid to speak
his mind, we all have great respect for him.
I guess you could say that about Adolf Hitler too, he wasn't afraid to speak his mind.
That's right.
The Gershinc Unilogy is a Fawlwell by leading GOP presidential hopefuls, demonstrated
the preachers earthly limitations and is enduring influence.
Under Fawlwell's guidance, the Christian rights have summed much of the Republican apparatus
and now holds the key to the presidential nominating process.
McCain, Romney, and Giuliani may never see I die with Fawlwell even in heaven, but in
the end they paid fealty of his grave.
They're all Jerry's kids now.
Ripperman-ass baby.
Rippes-ass racist, hateful, sexist, lunatic.
See, I said it before after 9-11 and it's the same thing and the media has wanted to
do this.
It's religious extremism, not sure terrorism, it's terrorism by religious extremism by
crazy people and religious extremists whether it's by Muslims or born again Christians or
Orthodox Jews or whatever, farbist and lunaticism.
It's just as dangerous and once you're dead you're just as dead no matter which religion
kill you.
Nobody can prove their points so there's only one way to hash it out and that's that
way.
Well, isn't that what the most religions that I can think are?
Not all of them, but most religions specialize in this.
Kill some people.
That's it.
Just like they're doing in Iraq right now.
What's the Shi'a and the Sunnis and the Kurds in the way and all this other crap?
Yeah, everybody's in the way.
Speaking of religious notes, there's John Ascroff.
What's he doing on there?
So call me, it sounds all right.
Oh, brother.
Okay, here's the appool thing right now, okay?
1354 vote.
Oh, we got 14 without, you know something without even working up sweat, without even
breathing hard.
On the Nenial Crofts, what will be your response?
He died doing what he wanted to do, 403.
He has something else leading, but I don't even know what the hell it means.
You?
No, what does that mean?
I don't know.
He's one of those things doing the same.
Like I said, if it said that he died doing who he wanted to do, I say, all right, that
would be worth dying for, I guess.
Maybe we can get Brady's hand off of there long enough to leave room for, make room for
Danny.
I wonder if Danny Thomas could have gotten his big nose in there.
Danny Thomas was, I think, like lesbian, easier, something or a Syrian, I don't know.
One of those things.
Asmr, Lord, she'd know.
He was a lovely human being, blah, blah, blah, who's in the will to 87.
He's in that big radio station in the sky, 191.
He's Mackinon, Jesus, right now, 130.
He died a free man, no wife, 109.
He was a durable 105.
I've been called many things in my life, but this adorable thing is, that's how you
know.
Every time I see that, I think, holy Moses.
He was a rotten bastard, good riddance 80, 5.9%, see how the percentage keeps creeping
up, but up, he was a rotten bastard, good riddance, hubbim and dread.
I know he's up there looking down at us 30, and boy, I sure miss him, 19.
Out of 1354 vote.
I sure miss him.
Even though I hated him, you know something, even the ones who hate me like poison, they're
going to miss me the most.
Hey, ass.
Cause I know I'm gay.
I know who you are.
The African-American you hoist today sometimes.
Oh, my gosh.
Ain't no fun sounds like before
Tui tu tu tu tu
Ain't no fun sounds anymore
The sun's stinky corporate home
Name joys took them away
Can't say f***ing out
I'll bake a lot of some b***h now
Just to bring the ratings down
She don't want me around
And that's why she took them away
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, you blow, you blow, you blow
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows
She blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she
blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows,
We're talking about a lot of money folks, we're not talking big bucks here, we're not talking millions like they pay off for that Marlon's will. We're talking a few hundred bucks or maybe I don't know how much it is, what is it? 1,500, something like that. They could send a bell us there on the street corner with a tin cup and collected by 230 this afternoon. And he could drive a rental up there to bulk and hand it right over to Tick-A-Nex. So here you go. Yeah, there's an idea. A meat company is recalling 129,000 pounds of the product sold in Florida.
And 14 other states because of possible E. coli contamination for the west Department of Agriculture in Kalamazoo. Well, I sure had a good two years in Kalamazoo man.
Woo, 1968 and 69. I mean 1968 and 60 can't say that. The meat products are made by Davis Creek meats and seafood were made for Gordon food services. The USDA said on its website, yes, Tured Day.
The meat products were made between March 1, April 30th and were shipped to distribution centers and retailers in Arkansas. Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Michigan, Missouri, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin.
The items under we call include boxes of mechanically tenderized steaks and ground beef of different weights. I don't like the sound of that.
Mechanically tenderized steaks and ground beef of different weights. I don't think I want my meat mechanically tenderized.
All right. The boxes are labeled EST 1947 A. Maybe that's the year from the meat. Oh, no, I sure hope not. They're labeled EST 1947 A.
Symptoms V. coli includes stomach cramps that made me severe in diarrhea. They may turn bloody within one to three days. E. coli can sometimes lead to complication food and kidney failure, which of course, usually leads to leads to.
I'm dying. I'm here. I don't be no tainted meat because I think what do you think it might be? Okay. That's a Gordon. Well, who is it from? Davis Creek meets in seafood. Gordon food services. Well, I want to check your meat. I will. That's my suggestion to check it.
When you go into it like a supermarket or something, they really just make me gag. One of them is fish, right? Oh, because I hate fish to begin with, but the smell of fish that's been served.
Now, you know, even like outdoors, I can buy these to have this the outdoor market up there. Oh my God. And they used to have all this great stuff, cold cuts and produce and stuff. Price. Right. But then they also have the fish. Oh, nasty.
And then the other thing is like a sport rotten meat and sometimes go to me. Oh, he's. Oh, he's. The back there. Whoa. Somebody's going to croak from that. No question about just hope it ain't me. Somebody's been a croak and choke.
Speaking of that, the marriages are more than 170 gay couples from New York, who wed in Massachusetts before last July are valid because New York had not yet explicitly banned same sex marriages.
A Massachusetts judge had ruled gay has ruled Israel couples are very familiar in Massachusetts if their marriages will be prohibited in their home states. The New York Court of Appeals ruled against same sex marriages July 6th of last year.
Gay and lesbian advocates and defenders that answer clarification of the status of New York couples from married in Massachusetts before that ruling. Massachusetts became the first state in the country to allow gay marriage in May of 2004.
Sufferks appear a court judge. Thomas Conley rule last week that those early marriages are legally valid. They don't need to come to Ontario.
You sure don't need any more Americans up here. I'll tell you that. Just stay where the hell you are. Like all these idiots call up. Oh Canada sucks. Well, good. Stay right there. Stay there itself Florida. Man, where you'll be happy. Where you'll be safe with lots of people of your own kind.
Just being able to say without any qualifications were married it feels great said Amy Zimmerman in New York City resident who married.
Tanya Wexler in Somerville mass on May 19th 2004 the third day that same sex weddings were allowed in Massachusetts.
A spokesman for New York attorney general Andrew Cromwell indicated his office considers the marriages valid.
Since 2004 it's been the position of the attorney general's office. I want to position he's in probably prone that New York law
presently requires the recognition of marriages valiantly performed other jurisdictions. John Milgram said the opinion he said it came from
Kromos predecessor governor Elliott Spitzer. New York state is recognized same size marriages in some cases. Those performed in Canada for example are considered
in determining public employees retirement benefits. Those performed in Canada. But in 2005 a state appeals for a role that a man could not
do a hospital for malpractice in the death of his longtime partner despite their civil union in Vermont. I wonder maybe it was Ben and Jerry I think.
Could have been. In fact, you know, Angie is some bit him that sends all the cute stuff for our my spacing. Yes. She said a cute one and had a couple of coffee cups on it.
And one was a picture of Ben Laden and then the one had Jerry fall. Well said Ben and Jerry very nice. It was cute. Nice going to Angie. We love you.
Michael Lord who heads New York City's conservative party predicted. Connolly's ruling will not hold up in New York if gay couples press for marriage rights there.
It's swishful thinking is that swishful he said by some homosexual couples that the interpretation of a particular judge will change their status long said. That's his name long.
The law in the state in New York is very clear marriages between a man and a woman. Let them suffer. Although the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court said in March 2006 that gay couples from states with no express prohibition of same-sex marriage could marry a
Massachusetts. It was unclear at the time of the gay marriage was specifically banned in New York and wrote Ireland. Now there's a place that's kind of like neither fish nor foul. You know, wrote Ireland.
I keep telling you I've told you a thousand times I was to near Gantzhead Park a hundred years ago. Race track. That's my that's my Rhode Island experience.
What a lie. It's just I don't know. I mean you really think when you think of the west you think of Rhode Island is that one of the states that whatever even crossed your mind.
There are a couple of states I Delaware and Rhode Island just I don't know if they're there. Connolly ruled in September that gay couples from Rhode Island have the right to marry a Massachusetts because laws in their state do not expressly prove it same-sex marriage.
Whether what Island honors these marriages is an unsettled issue is legislatures rejected same-sex marriage but it's a trained general issue day non-biting opinion this year advising a state to recognize those who were that were conducted in Massachusetts.
Especially if the BG's were attending the ceremonies. Remember Massachusetts. The press is very depressing. You want to plan? It's very morbid.
First said you got it while you you search for it. I got more in the story here. Susan Summer senior council for legal a New York based gay rights organization said New York
common laws held it as long as the marriage is valid where it's performed it'll be respected in New York. Not everybody along the way to agree there's been some litigation
amounted but the clear distinction is one of growing respect and recognition she said. Spitzer a Democrat has proposed that gay marriage be legalized but it's so far
fair that it's either the Republican-led states and or the Democratic control New York state assembly to do so because there are a bunch of wins. Well the Republicans we know what they are.
There's John Edwards by the way. Target of scrutiny. That's because Edward said he worked at Fortress investment in 2006 to learn about financial markets.
Now that's had some big scandal and get him out of the picture already okay he's a loser. He's got loser written all over that redneck forehead is you know John Edwards loser.
Loser and whatever like a draw though. Yeah I got not throw all though as vice-guide breast cancer so we have a support him you know what.
I mean not that I want to make light of that it's already tragic and sad and all these things just support her breasts could what.
Well I'm sure she's got some help with that already. In fact there she is right now my TV screen she had a sweater on and as soon as you said something about
the breast you like to cover up. She closed up no she closed up the sweat. She knows they she knows you're looking. I am she ain't much I'll tell you that of course he ain't much either but never less.
1370 votes on the pool on the Daniel Crocs what will be your response he died doing what he wanted to do for a six I have no idea what that means and I'm sure you do they.
He was a lovely human being blah blah blah who's in the will to 92. He's in that big radio station in the sky one 94.
He's mechanized Jesus right now 130. He died a free man no wife 110. He was adorable when I said he's so adorable.
If I'm adorable man I'd hate to think what anything else might be and I'm saying.
He was a rotten bastard good riddance 80 5.8% that went down to tick now thank a 5.18% said I'm a rotten bastard good riddance I should only croak a wicked horrible death.
I know he's up there looking down at us 30 and by boy I sure miss him 26. I'm sure Greg by Chris added that you know it ends it has a certain element of civility to an otherwise very hostile.
He told you know kind of a polar and of course that's a kind of folder expect right in South Florida.
How to be a hopeful all of that.
From 56 at 5.60 W.D. Q.M. time to talk about my main man Anthony Caliendo listen close because you're hearing this first on Q.A. and brought to you by the main man.
So turn your radios way up because I'm going to tell you about the most exciting mortgage product for the market in years ready.
It's the main man's new hybrid fixed loan. Here's how it works. You can get a fixed loan from the 10 years with a low interest only payment while still having the option of a safety feature allowing you to make a minimum fixed payment just in case of financial emergency.
The hybrid fixed loan gives you the best of both worlds. The bottom line is millions of work and brought option on programs when the market was great to keep their payments low.
So if you currently have an adjustable rate program with payments that are constantly on the rise the main man's new hybrid fixed loan is your solution.
So call the main man right now. It's absolutely free from to pre qualify for this loan. Don't procrastinate another millisecond. The time is now there's only one number to call 1-800-Main-Man.
It's a tool free call 1-800-Main-Man or online. It's the main man dot com.
Get your fixed with meal rangers. It's days from 10-2 on 5-60 WQAM Miami Fort Laudale.
This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones with two hours.
Singing is the lowest form of communicating. It's embarrassing.
We have found the worst thing in the world.
I don't need to be unkind but you have one of the worst in the world.
It's the now the second to the national and all the viewers are ready to start crying.
It's terrible.
It's just terrible.
I got you.
American I'll just hail.
I think I'll sing something a little more upbeat.
We'll be back our years and try to withstand.
American I don't.
I'm gonna juice that damn said gun country whatever.
Make it me.
The down country.
The back.
It stands out the booth.
The down country.
Well, it's under what's moved.
It's the final country.
It's such hard.
The shark is gone.
What kind of music?
Oh, we got hope cats.
We got country and western.
Yeah, and we'd be dumb man.
We'd be really dumb.
Cook the end western.
He'll come back now.
You're really dumb in the deep style.
That is just one of them thing.
One of them thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
I think it's the best thing.
Looks like in battle world bank president Paul Wolfowitz is the latest
casualty of the George W. Bush Brownie or doing a heck of a job syndrome.
After weeks of unqualified support, White House officials are now backing away
from Wolfie faster than a champion horse at the Kentucky Derby.
Clearly, Wolfowitz's days are numbered.
The Bush administration, let's see, writes Peter Goodman of the Washington Post,
the Bush administration's softened its support for the world bank president Paul Wolfowitz yesterday,
signaling a willingness to replace him if the bank's executive board resolves an ethics
controversy without firing him.
All options around the table said White House spokesman Tony Snow addressing me
protested a morning briefing.
Members of the board, Mr. Wolfowitz, need to sit down and figure out what in fact
is going to be best for this bank, he said.
The shift of tone at the White House, which nominated Wolfowitz for the post two years ago,
is a blow to his struggle to save his job.
It blows kind of like joy.
It blows.
It came a day after a bank investigating committee found that Wolfowitz broke out
the ethics rules and damaging integrity of the institution by engineering a large raise
for his girlfriend, Shaharisa, while keeping the bank's top legal advisor out of the loop.
Senior Bush administration officials emphasized that the White House has an
abandonable voice and doesn't believe he should be fired.
But the White House has concluded through conversations with counter-parts and foreign
capitals and from the committee report that Wolfowitz can no longer effectively
had the institution officials said, speaking unconditionally not being named because
they lacked authorization to discuss the matter publicly and public.
We've considered that this is an issue for people at the bank and our colleagues at
the other government said the senior White House official will engage in discussion about
the future leadership of the bank.
What a big putty we've put about.
And that the spit girl man is looking really nasty.
Even Bill Haley would be upset about that.
When that disgusting money spit on that Coleman like, oh, yeah.
Shmeered that curly cue back.
What a disgusting revolting sub-human slime ball.
Project for the New American Century, my ass.
I wonder how Richard Pearl is doing.
How many people see responsible for killing the day?
How many million?
About 30, man.
1385 and a poor slowing down a little bit.
Better give a little goose there.
Chris, they might not get to 1400.
I mean, that would be kind of embarrassing.
Not at all.
1389.
We need 11 votes in 56 minutes.
If we can't do that, the transmitter must be in the negative position.
Kind of like our numbers during certain day parts in the point.
Oh, negative position like 11 o'clock at night.
We have no audience.
Nobody.
Not a janitor.
Not a night watchman.
Not some deadbeat on the street that's here in the transistor.
No, nobody at 11 o'clock at night.
Nobody.
I ain't got nobody who's saying that.
Everybody's saying that.
Sure.
I ain't got nobody.
You got it.
You wouldn't have an old person.
You wouldn't have an old person.
No, another.
Well, look it up.
Not that anybody wants to hear it, but it just kills him good time.
Oh, either that or we can play that no fart sounds again.
Don't forget, if Locke Brian doesn't get some satisfactory answer by tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock,
I'm playing no fart sounds, no no no fart sounds for four hours.
I mean, what else am I going to do other than just, you know, I just slip my wrist or something and open up the club?
Look at that, dude.
What do you mean?
Yeah, I can do that too.
I can come on here and just make it up because they would know just like, I got a big bucket sitting under my elbow here and the blood is flowing down.
What did you say?
You heard what I said.
Bucket.
I read it well.
House Democrats tried to rev up Florida's plotting search for property tax relief inequity yesterday by unveiling a detailed plan of exemptions like the local median housing values or for commercial taxpayers index to inflation.
House Democratic leader Dan Gilbert of Miami Beach, who is very Jewish, said it is similar in some respects to the latest proposal from the Chamber's Republican majority, which calls for percentage-based exemptions because both the target relief to those who need it the most.
We don't think their plan is a contemptuous plan, Gilbert said.
It's a workable approach.
It just doesn't work necessarily as well from county to county.
The Democrats' proposal includes specific dollar amounts for sentences in charge showing expected savings needs of Florida 67 counties.
They estimated would cut taxes 4 billion to 5 billion dollars a year statewide.
Details of the Republican approach, House Speaker Marco Rubio, West Miami disclosed last week, had yet to be worked out.
They're still working on it and the details too.
That followed an earlier House GOP proposal to slash a limited property taxes on primary homes known as home states in exchange for increasing the 6% statewide sales tax to at least 7% as much as 8000.
Well, let's just make it 100%.
You find an item that costs you $10.00, oh now it costs you $20.00.
The Senate, Governor Charlie Christ and most House Democrats imposed the tax swap and lawmakers were unable to resolve the differences before the regular session ended made for.
They'll try again in a special session, June 12-22.
Responded to the Democratic proposal, Rubio issued a statement saying, all ideas are welcome as long as they resolve and bills taxpayers can afford regardless of how much government wants.
Rubio and other House Republicans have set a goal of cutting taxes for homestead by an average of 12-hundred bucks a year and other residents are used by 750 bucks and for businesses by 3,300 bucks.
He overset such statewide averages are meaningless to individual taxpayers who want to know what they're going to say.
Meaningless.
Just toss in a bunch of numbers around like that poll for Christ's 1694 vote.
What's going to happen when we get over 1,400 next couple of minutes? What are you going to say then, Chris? You own apology.
I'll say congratulations.
No, you own apology to everybody, me especially.
Oh, the Senate, for selling me sure, I said 14 ever. You said, oh, 1350, don't get carried away. And you sounded just like a Bulkamper when you said it.
Huh?
You know what I'm talking about.
Kimba Bulkamper, that dollar that we have on in the morning along with that.
No, no, no, no, no, I can't eat as fast as Kenny Walker.
I was a straight when I gave him a name. They stole it like that.
I told you they still did that on Tuesdays.
Hmm see they don't even know the right thing to do a Thursday is gay day not Tuesday
Didn't you know that you ever hear that if you were knowing if you were green on Thursday your gay?
Did you know that and of course today is Thursday?
So if you're you better look around you got a green socks or shirt pantaloonies
I suppose why what you do you got green on today? Well, I'm not today. No, it's Thursday man. It's gay day
I got some green things, but I'm not worried any today. I got some things that are green too. I'll give to be my age
You get plenty of things that are green
1395 there was always Bob green at W. I. O. D. well, they all I know
I have so much hockey talk too much hockey talk now. You're gonna like working for Paxon remember that deal after the station got sold
Yeah, and I had a corporate order him to stay the hell away from me and talk because he was he even brought in that magazine about buddy
But Paxon and their board again Christian. Why was he doing that? I don't know
He and your close friend Cheryl came to pop it up park that night invited themselves to come and tried to like you know
Engineer some kind of a deal to get me on satellite
And when I asked yeah, that would have been bad, huh? Yeah, that would have been a terrible thing
No, we're not a been terrible thing. But what that was here again involved. They already had a contract
But they're just they're just looking to jump on the bad wagon just like that time that a certain somebody
I don't want to mention her name got a nice bonus some kind of a trip because she talked me they're not having an agent when I signed a
Contract renewal number that yeah, dude all kinds of people playing games folks too many game players games people play
I think we ought to play that tomorrow all day along with the no no more fart sounds
Games people play we could you know, I know you got them both you got the spinners and you got your self
Bang that's your sound right got that weepy guitar. I got it by Jim neighbors
You got it by Jim neighbors. Yeah, and the song
Jake a friend that game she played. Yeah, yeah, it's G.A. Y. in the skin
That's him
I thought you what a simple boy boy I wanted to hold
He's just what G.A. Well, what's that thing he used to say in an awful show?
G.A. Well, what's it was he on I could go for pile and go for say
I'm trying to say it's the brass prize prize and that high pitch voice in any hear him singing
There's a game street boy. Oh my god. They also say go all right right in a high pitch voice. Oh, yeah
Of course, you know somebody's pinching your goods. You probably speak and I'm I mentioned Brady Quinn was speaking a high pitch voice too
I'm sorry. That is a blow off and I work their pitch in your bags
Your goods and your bags well, you know, well whatever just be glad their pitch and something
Well, we got 1401 on a pull down Chris would like to make this announcement
Congratulations and
You did great and I'm sorry that I sold you short old man. I'm sorry that I doubted your ability
We got 40 minutes left them and we got already 1401 there's that obnoxious Tony Blair and much even more obnoxious George W
Bush two of the worst butchers in the history mankind standing side by each
You're listening to me
Now remind me we got some I got a big pond in us. I like the park in his face. Maybe that
That's why we think what gives him the right
I think his wife
Distraight to the human rated
Hey, go bird sucks that wheel of me should also include Rick Riley's
Oh
I like a part in his face
Hey, you down
Rick Riley you're oh
Nice job old man. Thank you
Nice to have a fight say so myself say just you know, I got a still a fast finger
Maybe you'll all of course it all depends on where you stick that go mass finger
116 at 560 WQM. How's that pearl look Neil? I'm so glad you asked
Let me take a look when we know we got to 1400 looks and that is no more fun and 1406
I'll read it one more time before the end of the hour if I start to read it more than once in our amines
I forgot to stop reading it
You know what I mean by that what do you mean by that old and sena that's what you're trying to say I know
Nothing I'm defensive about it, but old and sena that's right during the company
Oh, this cracks me out fill a shoe fly remember her on a side out of mine another hateful right wing bitch
Phyllis shoe fly maybe she'll croak next now that jury fall well went down
She says what show learned in the English department now. This is this is just amazing
You remember her? What was the group? She was the head of Phyllis shoe fly. I don't know. Oh, yeah, come on
She was the head of the it was some anti-feminist right wing hateful. I can't figure it at the moment
But I'll come back to my mind, but I'm old and people you know sena
She says what was the motive behind 23 year old show showing he's a wheeze killing of 32 students and teachers at Virginia Tech
Why was he consumed with hate resentment and bitterness question mark?
Cho was an English department major in senior as a frequent lecturer on college campuses
I've discovered that English departments are off in the weirdest and or the most left wing Phyllis writes
I look at the website of Virginia Tech's English department and of its professors reveals their mindset
We don't know yet which courses showed took but it could have been any of these
Did you take professor Bernice L. Hausman's English 54 54 called studies in theory representing the female bodies?
The titles of the assigned readings include black bodies white bodies toward an iconogra
iconogra how you say that iconography a female sexuality in late 19th century our medicine literature iconography
The comparative anatomy of hot and Todd women in Europe 1815 to 1817
selling hot. I can't say the word
Representations of black female sexuality in the cultural marketplace. It's the begins with a pee
the answer
Answer up a palm tree of Barbie. I can't I came read these words
Unsealing ideals of the feminine body and popular culture and folk call femininity in the modernization of patriarchal power
One of the assignments in this course were 10% for 10% of the grade is to choose one day in which they
Aggress and comport themselves in the manner either more masculine or more feminine than they would normally is this really of course top
I the English department it sounds like just the thing the confusion already mixed up kid
What's forlaces saying is that an English course at Virginia Tech is what caused chose swing heat
Quibble nuts and kill all these people
And not only the English class but show as a frequent user of eBay
He bought and sold many books about violence death and mayhem including several books. It used in his English class
Other books show sold on the eBay affiliated site half.com included books by three authors whose writings were taught in his contemporary horror class
He sold men women in chainsaws
The best of HP Lovecraft blood curdling takes a poor end them a cob and the female of the species tails of mystery and suspense the female of the species
At the campus why I think it was the eagle forum that was her group filler shoe fly
Not that it's important. It is matter-fect. Yes at the bottom of the page look at that eagle forum on old Illinois. What a memory huh
Too bad I can't remember anything important what at the campus why
Convocation one of the victims professor Nikki Giovanni read what purport to be a poem on
The half of the English department she declined
We do not understand this tragedy. We know we did nothing to deserve it
Maybe others will render a different verdict and ask why the taxpayers of paying professors of Virginia Tech to teach worthless and psychologically destructive courses. They poisoned his mind
How do you like that? That's full of shoe flies take another one. He is right wing
Flidereth lunatics eagle forum my ass and by the way, she's got a gay son too. I just mentioned it
Have you noticed whether it's Tom delay or filler shoe fly or dick and limb channing all of these are right wing is about a gay uh
Sonner daughter seems to uh be the pattern there. Yeah
Seems to be the uh
1412 votes on the pool and let's see how many he's a rotten bastard good ridden is 5.6 present oh 80 that's coming down now
Oh back to that 5.6 you see the city
symbolism there i doubt the six q 56 you do oh q 56 in fact i think what we ought to do tomorrow will express the uh jingles
In between the planes of uh no more fart sound sure q 56 lies it up
oh
And then it was always
And if that wasn't enough to wake you up
Hold and dramatic
oh
I bet you're ricky to keep play that one a few times
Wouldn't you think i'll bet he did and he's been around a block couple of times anyway
I told i left the his phone number so that you and your lady now of course if you called him up and said well
How about taking me my wife to dinner he said well what about Neil he's right he's right wouldn't do that and he'd say hey
George you're a good guy but i i don't and the whole point is gonna get over there after that
The doubtful sure
Ha ha ha ha no he's very fond of you i'm fond of him i've still touched i've
saved that clip when i think i'd like to be touched you know not by him but i'm just saying like
touch by an angel wouldn't that be good
Linda wonder why wonder who that is
Linda wonder wonder wonder who wrote the book of love by the monotones you got that why'd sure love to hear that
Well coming right up i wonder who wrote the book of love the monotones that was a medley of their head
I would say 1960 or i don't know 789
so i'm gonna pick a now i'm starting to pick a few years so let's go in a dart and
but oh no who why what did you go though
that hurt the next time
what more and what was your
though
oh
Linda wonder a white nurse anesthesia is ran down list of minorities she works with at
her pemberpons hospital colleagues from a Haiti the Philippines in India
oh some of them Indian people may not really pretty
they're really pretty i'm not talking about my good friend Varaj but he's not a morat she's an
indian by the way so you can't you can't get to him i can't either sorry is this go but i
sure would like to well this goes out of area a nice girlfriend so and maybe Varaj has
got a nice girlfriend too i don't know i better ask about that before i get too emotionally involved
oh i feel i'm a minority but uncomfortable with it said wonder 43 i wonder Linda i don't see
color or racist as long as there would people who doesn't bother me and i feel basically the same
way although well you know there's some some exceptions but nevertheless across the nation
white americans increasingly are watching their communities being transformed by minorities
new data released today by the census bureau shows that the nation's minority population
has reached a milestone surpassing a hundred million and accounting for one in three u.s. residents
the news mirror shifts already well underway in broward county where non-Hispanic whites made up
49.9% of the population in 2005 half of broward now is non-Hispanic white is that incredible or what
i would say i said it already but others in south foot are uncomfortable with the surge of minority
population they see their neighborhoods rapidly changing and worried that they less frequently hear
english and visits to their supermarkets banks and heirs alans well when you go to the bank
and they look at you and go i but i want power what do you know that means i just don't want to
lose my country said wonders mother don't delete 65 when leech moved to broward from pencil
vignia 17 years ago everyone in the local shop spoke english she said today she off here is
esponial and sometimes feels excluded where we heard this before it's getting to be all his
panics she said i come to terraria we don't have much of that here yet
just wait got everything else though speaking of engines man we got more people from india
and then they got you know they got a billion people in india i thought only china had a billion
people all good in j as well yes they do they're all packed in there and their trains keep crashing
and their planes keep falling on the ground all you know stuff like that not good in south
floor to some light said they largely associated minorities with recent immigrants from overseas
rather than black surmerkin indians most were aware that florida were black and his panics
comprised more than 6.3 million of the state's 18 million residents is one of the states leading
the way minority growth according to census data florida's got 3.6 million Hispanic residents
out from 2.7 million in 2000 that's an increase of almost a million in just seven years
that's because they're they're they're coming in or is that because your people are reproducing
like rabbits both oh well the proplex you know i know the states got 2.7 million black
residents up from 2.3 million others were positive about browns brought up making racial
mix if a sociologist Howard housing who is black and lives in modern day lakes gave the county
high marks for diversity and said to me serve as a good example for other parts of the country
just beginning to experience the salad bowl oh the salad bowl my ass what kind of dressing
that on that well don't look to me to toss it i'm thinking about lunch now as a matter of say i
wish you wouldn't have said that how are you going to say that salad bowl because i'm got food
on my mind again i wasn't even thinking yeah we'll go have a nice salad i'm not having no
salad or toss it yourself salads are for pansies okay man real men don't eat salads you know who
we are kind of in a salad yeah now they like to toss it too culture and ethnic diversity i
ready to find south florida and by some accounts has done so for 20 years what would be better
is to get beyond pluralism and deliver it to go out of my way to interact with people who are
different from me to enhance myself how's it said well that's what i do i go out of my way to
interact with people who are different from me who who look good usually you know really good
and not necessarily of the same you know who aren't Jewish for example and although they my
prouder jury's they're all right that's okay who i make an exception for that i don't want to go
out of that whole thing again because you get so emotional yeah every time that you get very
dry do it's probably because of your ethnic background
when it comes to sports we're the authority sports 20 or 5 16 you know she way yet
i don't know
It's a legal drug recording tool
A little diocene
Oh!
The day the tree
Coring as they're screaming
Oh, can it best be that that's done to me?
Got some good news
Both of you get paid?
No, not that good
Oh, look at that tree
Well, thanks to that photo
Now the administration is brokering a deal so he can resign
Rather than be fired
You're fired and no, he resigned
Like that
In that whole business about America would drugs that thing by what the hell is that guy?
So I read earlier that former congressman from Alaska, whatever the hell is that?
I can never think of his name
I would cite out of mind but that was great
Legalized all drugs and put bush in jail
So they're open to me
1433, you know Chris, I hate to say this to you
But if you'd been a little more positive
You made 15 easy
I told you 15, you know, all of 1350, 1350
Yeah, that's what it was
I want to know if clearance came in there yet and gave you a definitive answer about it
I want to know why
I want to know if Debbie from our county came in there and said listen to her
No
I took care of it, I called over there and I bitched out Carolyn Beasley
And I told him if they don't cut the crap and pay Boca Brand
I'm going to personally go over there and dump on her desk
She didn't say that at all, well guess what?
No
That's my comment to that
Well considering the last time we had the dolphins
Mandate who used to complain that he would get his reimbursed for the road games about six months later
I don't see Boca being very lucky right now
Now let me just tell you about this
See, you don't know this because you're a punk in your area, Johnny, completely
Back in the day before Mandate had his own show when he was just a part-time run
A station he would do filling stuff and work here and there which is for a long time
Back in those days every time he was on here he'd be screaming and pitching
And rightfully so by the way, he would deserve a little bit
So right about the fact that he couldn't get paid by them
Oh, I mean it happens a lot though
I mean I hear it a lot working on the shows
You mean even still now to this day?
Yes
Even now for this day they don't want to pay anybody well
BAM
That's my comment to them
Okay, that goes for the beesleaves and joys
All these co-conspirators, okay?
BAM
That's what I have to say to you
People put in a good day's work, Boca Brian, my god, is a genius and unsung hero of this show
Of the universe, not just of this show
I might have to play weapons of mass destruction just as my way of saying this to them
BAM
Right
I mean no, seriously he's done, I mean not just the one about no more fart sounds
But legendary
Remarkable even
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dumb at people killed
With the gas that we sold him
First time aggressor nation
And the only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled
To get that oil flowing
Forget about Korea
And the nooks there, toks in that the right wing
Is drilling it over and over
And to our heads
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
BAM
Right
I mean
I mean
3,000 people killed
Are not forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hate their oil to be cotton
Going after Saddam too
Plankato Sama
There's no longer mention of
The name been lotten
But no one seemed concerned all
From being complacent
Believe in every word
Of this cartel administration
That controls this white bear
Through media manipulation
And the right wing
Is drilling it over and over
And to our heads
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ash drop is seen
I have nothing to hide
Cable talkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations
Foul of provoked faddle and world annihilation
Old regimes must fall
In haliburton and snow
With no objection at all
Then the crap don't have the balls
And the right wing
Is drilling it over and over
And to our brain wash pits
I rack has some
Weapons of mass destruction
Only I rack has some
Weapons of mass destruction
How do you like that man
The work of a genius and that's it
How come he didn't resubmit that telecom any services
So that they would pick it up now
Because everybody's anti-war now
He might have
And they still won't plan
I don't know
That's another reason we ought to be heard all around the world
Not just here on his horseball radio station where they don't want to pay the help
So even Chris has got these stories now about
Manage not getting paid and this one who else isn't getting paid
Anybody we know
Well your favorite friend the crow got fired
Because he yelled at someone
And accounting about not getting paid
Far be it from me okay to stick up for him is the crow flies
But you know something
He never did nothing to me except come around and smell real bad
I'll say that
567
Oh
860
Oh is the word man he didn't belong on here even to say hello
Oh 560
Or even I got to crow ball it's right here home boy
But that seems to be the especially
The beauty of the beast is putting people on there sound really annoying and dope along on there in the first place
And especially in his case he was a former ball player or a jackstack for a Montreal for a long time
Give me the crow give me the ball give me the crow
As the crow flies we have 1437 votes which is a pretty spiffy total
Even though we did cheat we started yesterday I don't know one o'clock with this pull
We cheated is that cheating no
Doesn't matter
I used to do whatever the hell we want we got 1389 friends that are my space paid
We need another 11 for 1400 that's not gonna happen this week
See that that was unrealistic
Because when I when I do that when I started inviting people around and then we get all these hookers that get on there
And how do you know their hookers it's pretty obvious when they were hitting it's fairly obvious
They all look the same they all say the same crap it usually all comes from the same place
Yeah looks like one person yesterday I thought was hooker and she was so insistent
She said many of the things three times told me she loves the show and but I mean but I finally put her on
She doesn't sound like a hooker
The hooker stuff is all very form you know
I'll tell you one thing you're like her when you see her
Well there's ten kids with their families year after year we've had millions of people
Living in fear day after day
Wearing that they could be deported like the hundreds of people that were deported
They lived in New Bedford Massachusetts
New Bedford year after year we had an underground account
That hurts American workers and not uses hard working
I got noticed where I get you I bet you there's like a hundred thousand drugs releases
Right right
Just like I was going to I'm trying to send you that thing yesterday morning remember that Ricky Tiki email
Because you were so I'm proud of Jorge
I probably shouldn't tell them that I sent it to you because they know you know
What?
I don't know sometimes people get nervous if somebody if somebody forwards or copies and paste
Love whether you're mistress or something maybe they're not that
We know I'm going to get nose
We could have made fifteen hundred a Chris Damott
I want you to promise us now that you're going to be a lot more positive
Okay, in the days and months to come and I don't want to give carried away too far
Don't be a lot more positive how's that?
No, I'm serious don't pick a low number
So if you pick a high number we didn't make it a something to shoot for
Okay, I think I want you to get down if we don't hit that number
I'm going to get down if we don't get fifteen hundred votes we're not going to do it now
We need we need sixty one and twenty minutes there isn't a China-Mence chance in hell we're going to do that
And who's brought in here?
Fourteen hundred was the first target so we made that one
Yeah, fourteen forty we need sixty votes and twenty minutes we couldn't do that
That would be like going in the backyard and finding forty million dollars and cash
Small bills, pockets and pockets
Biggest personnel home
All the rushers are in the kitchen and the gym
Four-trivial five-second seat
You way out
Commandage, I f**king come out
You wanted more and you got it
The mad dog is back singing more duet on the candid seat
All you do
Old number eighties is back tearing off with the great
Singing more, taking it with even more big stars
The mad dog does them all
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
I like it
I like it
The truth is finally out that gymnetic was truly the fifth beat
You got to give me little love and give me little love
Oh
If you want to love the land
And now your head should stay
You always can be safe
You can be all right
All right
Here's the mad dog's tender and touching tribute to the king
He is a little bit
All right
All right
There's a dragon in the morning
He waited to do
The mad dog was just a little end-ivalent
But we asked him if he wanted to do it again
And now I don't think so
So we had looked at Rousey Payne a little visit
And tell him either his brains or his signature would wide up on the contract
That's some of a fistless cute
All right
All right
All right
All right
And it's this
What do you do?
Available now if you move quickly
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
147
We got the mainiac of the diamond of the gridiron coming up next mad dog from 2 to 5 today
And then we got Keldie after that
Well nothing's perfect
You know I'm just thinking what we're going to do tomorrow regardless of whether they take your hammer out which I'm sure they won't
All right
We'll play all yeah
Because I don't want to play this the whole day
Oh, it's all right
There's one thing you know me I don't like playing a bit too often
Right
Let's play a little bit different with that
But we'll play all the book of Brambits
There you go
An honor of chicken egg
Just just show them what for
Just to show them a thing
Just to jam it to them
Okay
Jam on it
What's your ungrateful bastard roast
Fools idiots
Got that fools rush in by Rick Nelson boy. He does a bad job. That's a lot of bad song with he sings it weekly week
Really don't make me play it again
Don't do it. I know you did the other day
I'm so sorry you found it still scarred by it
Now did you ever find I'm going to sit right down and write myself a letter by the Billy Williams quartet? No
No
That's the amnesty record
What?
And I tried
I'm going to sit right down. It's a, you know stupid as old song
Billy Williams quartet. I would say like 5758
Back when I was a child back when I was about 40 1957
1448 we made 15 and we're easy if you'd let me lean on it if you'd just calmly let me go by my intuition crispy like always holding back holding back
No, no, like stepping on a break like Eric does up there when we have a big chunk of votes coming in
He always steps on the break to slow it down
Well now I've learned
You learned your lesson a hard way man
The fat hard way well now you know we could have done it and my right is there any doubt we have 40 48
Only 52 and of course my new goal is 1450
So you said 1350 I said 1450 which means we still need two more they probably are laying off of the thing now, you know?
Because they were I mean why do they want to think about me croaking anyway except for those people that hated me like poison
Which is a substantial number well that's back up again 5.8%
He was a rotten bastard good riddance like that
If this thing no kid to 1450 though it's going to be pretty embarrassing of it
It's just stuck there I think you see I just mentioned Eric with his foot on the break and look what happened
49 49 yeah we need one more one more one more one more 11 minutes
And I do want to say this okay my own not very stintorian voice today I sound fine
But
Today is Thursday the show is basically almost over like 10 more minutes and we take it a call today
Yesterday Tuesday Monday no no no didn't take call all week
And guess what I think I speak for all three of us we don't miss them we don't oh you know speak for yourself
You know I know just not a day without
And don't forget
Wow they all know the show
George is game
Well he's a nice bag it and then of course we also got that what did I redo to you knew like I
And the oven guy uh huh all of 1450 by the way we made it we still got the drop in case you ever missed the callers
What drop is that?
72 I am hello
Somebody Q I am hello
How do you know?
Yeah that's one case you ever miss it I can just hit that one
Maybe tomorrow
If Wilka Brian doesn't give me yeah cuz Joe is the one likes the phone calls you know Jolly Jobel he isn't low
I'm going to sit right down right myself
I'm going to sit right down in a right F***
I'm going to sit right down in a right seventy
What did I actually found it?
Weird F*** I found it
When you
When you
I'm going to write words so so smooth
What 57 be 57 I had it right on the money
Sometimes I just shocked the hell out of myself I'm so
Yeah, it's electrified or is it petrified like the petrified force it's old and craggy
I'm a sugar
I know that now let's see. I got I got to figure this out. I got a back time this and now what are you what are you gonna play
At the end of the break because that's what screws me up some days. Well, how long would you like?
short
A short rejoin can you handle that?
He can give me the whole the whole break time. What's the shortest one you got just give him the whole break time
So he can time it the whole break time is four minutes and eight seconds
How's that possibly gonna eight second rejoin correct the money down eight
Second rejoin and you've been playing these long. What's that thing with the weekend?
We got on it. It's got the lineup for everybody the even the janitors name of the 26 seconds long
Well, what is that for what's the purpose of that nobody cares about that job? Yes, they do who does
All the sports nerds care about it. You mean the ones that won't come in here and tell you four minutes and eight seconds
And then I got a 14 here so that's 14 for four for 22
So that's 55 30 AC the audience has learned something you're about back timing and that's not right
422 and two more minutes is 622 so 53 38 it would be really something if I was talking in the thing when when rushing on by
Wouldn't it if I just got all caught up in my own BS
It won't happen you'll see yeah, we'd limited a couple of spots
Just a limited a couple of spots. We got to get the bid on again
On the Daniel Crooks will be your response. He died doing what he wants to do 417
He was a lovely human being blah blah blah who's in a will 299?
He's in that big radio station the sky one idea. He's mechon on Jesus right now 135
He was adorable one 18. He's adorable. He lied. He died a free man no wife 117
He was a rotten bastard good riddance 85 5.8% heartless best out of those
Why sure miss him 53 and I know he's up there in the sky looking down on us 31
14 53 week we could have made it so easily man. It was just a little help from all Chris
Maybe tomorrow
anymore
Sounds like
cause of some bitch cow
Just to bring the ratings down
She don't want me around
And that's why she took them away
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, you blow, you blow
She blows, she blows universe
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
She blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
He's infected all
Stanky George
Took them away
Oh!
Stanky George
Took them away
Bye bye bye!
I'm the new Roger Show
I'm Fyce and he's only QAF
Miami for Lardale
Um...
How about one not touching your ass?
