Oh look, oh!
The Axis of Evil.
You've heard about it, but until now you've only heard half the story.
Now, you can experience the softer side of evil.
When you join, the Axis of Evil fan club.
I...
Not that kind of club, Saddam.
Oh, sorry!
The Axis of Evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France.
And when you join, we'll send you an autographed 8x10 glossy of one of the evil but lovely
wacky nut jobs who runs Iran.
Dear Inky-Dead.
Best wishes for an untimely death.
You so very much deserve.
Regardless, you're loving Mullah.
Mullah!
Plus, when you join the Axis of Evil fan club, the dog eating evil doers of North Korea
will include a beautiful Axis of Evil t-shirt with this peace loving message.
Check it out!
It says, I joined the Axis of Evil fan club and all I got was this loudy t-shirt, so
therefore I deserve to die.
Clue!
That's so cool!
And best of all, joining is easy.
Send no money.
Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember
of the Axis of Evil fan club.
Join today.
Okay, all the schmata heads all the time, all the geckys all the time, all the people
with their 8th century agarbe manages, you know, it's the 21st-tricken century here
with the program, here with the program.
More good news from Iraq, by the way.
Or Greg, Secretary and Warfare fuel the sharp increasing global terrorism in 2006, the
U.S. Department reported yesterday that total number of terrorist attacks was up more
than 25 percent from the previous year according to the State Department's annual report on
global terrorism.
Incidents in Iraq accounted for nearly half of the 14,000 attacks and keep in mind that
before we went in there and, you know, rated the country and overthrew Sodom and occupied
it, they didn't have any of that.
But we're doing a wonderful thing for them, peoples.
Incidents in Iraq accounted for nearly half of the 14,000 attacks and about two thirds
of them were the 20,000 fatalities worldwide.
The number of deaths claimed on the attacks increased by about 40, not about 30,000,
about 40 percent.
Wow.
More good news.
Every day the news gets better and better.
I don't, is it me or is it, I don't know, the overhead, I guess I could cut a little
bit.
I just don't know.
Does it sound fine?
Yes.
Does it sound like me?
Just like you.
No, that's fine.
Or someone that sounds just like you.
Oh, we're fine.
Here's the upholstery from yesterday and I don't know, just, they really don't care.
Like I said, there's no, there's no passion for much of anything in South Florida except
the early bird dinner because South Florida is basically, yeah.
I hate to put that, yeah, I mean there's some nice people there, you know, here and
there.
You got to search for, but there's some nice folks, but they're stuck there basically,
I think.
How pissed off for you that the dolphins didn't grab Brady Quinn?
50, 1531 votes.
But only let me forget to do some homework on the Kentucky Derby.
Okay.
I just, I don't have any idea who's running.
I don't know anything about any of these horses.
I guess I better go online and start doing my stunning.
Your due diligence?
My due diligence for Friday show because I don't want to take Johnson to call in and have
me say, who's running Dave?
You like that?
That would be really, like I did.
And then you pick a name out of a hat.
That's a good way to do it anyway.
Here comes the buddy and there goes your money, a fool and his money are soon parted baby.
All this gambling stuff is for crazy people.
That's why tomorrow's an early woodbond Wednesday.
We get on here at 1230 tomorrow.
Not that we're excited about that.
But we are.
But we are.
We're at least out of lie about it.
I'm not going to say, oh gee, we're getting screwed.
Who cares?
The money continues coming in and speaking to that, we got the ratings coming out on Friday.
Is it going to be any bonus money for anybody?
Oh, confidence isn't just low.
Confidence doesn't exist in this particular way.
We had kind of a rough run here for a couple of months in Cui.
And we made a little bit of a comeback in the last month, the last trend.
But I don't think enough to get us any money, which you desperately need.
How about Chris?
Do you get a bonus?
What do you have that's called?
My paycheck is by then.
Why are you laughing so hysterically?
Nobody gets bonuses.
You and I do.
That's it.
And that's it?
That's the list.
Not Josh Cortis because he used to work on the show.
He never cashed that check, by the way.
I don't care what Chris keeps telling me.
He never cashed it.
Maybe he doesn't want it.
Maybe he wants to send it back.
Now be okay.
In fact, at 1230, I said that would come in handy tomorrow.
I could lose that in the first 45 minutes.
In fact, I've wanted to play the five-dollar machine.
I could lose that all I'd say in like 10 minutes easy.
How pissed off for you that the dolphins didn't draft Brady Quinn.
The mighty Quinn.
Did you have that by Manfred Mann?
The mighty Quinn.
I think I do.
Let me out.
Oh, that would be so sweet to hear that.
That would be sweet.
Now the sweetest Brady Quinn.
They don't come to a sweeter name.
No!
Oh, what the hell is that?
What is that?
I don't know.
It sounded like Sarah Evans.
Here we go.
This sounds more like the mighty Quinn of this old Queen.
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
No!
Don't care that the dolphins didn't draft.
Don't just don't care, 536.
Half percent.
Roll back over now.
Not surprised they suck meaning the dolphin organization.
That is the audience saying.
Now, of course, 446.
I am happy he blows 176 Brady Quinn blows.
I agree with their choice 173.
Who wants him anyway from Notre Dame Dame?
Psychotic, I have written nine.
There are 109 people psychotic because the dolphins didn't draft Brady Quinn.
and ready to blow my brains out, 67, and we'll help you out.
We'll send you a piece.
We'll send you the piece pipe and you can smoke it.
Georgia, come over, you guys can smoke it together.
There you go.
OK, let's take a look today's fold.
This is too much like the old times now.
This is the way we used to do it.
Although, you know, not that it makes a difference.
Not that well, although let's take a look at that schedule.
They see if we have anything exciting going on.
The Humper is already in Louisville.
Wow, well, he sure has a tough assignment all the time.
Then I see he's not on tomorrow.
And he's not on Thursday.
And he's not on Friday.
Although he is on, and I'll quote it, the schedule today.
And Friday, he's on the Power Hour with the mad dog.
Query of the schedule.
Do we believe the schedule necessarily?
Oh, Clarence don't make no mistakes.
So we got mad dog into a Power Hour with mad dog and Hank
and four, Hank in Louisville for the Derby of 5-7.
And he'll be on the ear.
Briefly, 6.35 is Marlon's on deck.
How do Marlon's do last night, by the way, Chris?
They won 96.
All right.
See, pretend you cared.
Do we care?
No, especially we don't care because they're
a lame dog anyway.
They're not going to be on the station next year anyway.
So, hubbim and dreard.
Marlon's at the Metz again at 7.05.
The night to see if they can repeat the great success
they had last night.
And, by the way, did Ottawa really beat New Jersey 2.9
from last night?
Or did I dream that?
Wow.
And game that with Eddie K. Follas, the Marlon game,
tonight, till about 1 a.m. till 80 falls asleep.
OK, here's today's poll.
There's Lou Dobbs.
You can see now because there's
the war on the middle class and those damn illegal aliens.
And what do we get about the Mexicans?
And let's shoot some beaners and stuff like that.
Poor Lou Dobbs, man.
He lost it once upon a time in America.
He lost it.
He's a crazy person now.
I'm not saying to disagree with everything he says,
but he's a crazy person.
Lou Dobbs.
Pompassass.
Does that come to it when you see him?
Does that come to mind, Pompassass?
OK, 870 votes on a very marginal poll today.
This is one of Charlie B's, I guess.
And Charlie's got 600 polls in my pile here,
including a really good one for tomorrow.
But this one today, I don't know.
Do you think it's a good poll?
I think it blows.
An estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads
with suspended licenses.
Your response question mark?
I think this poll blows.
Confiscate their vehicles 192, throw the Rases in jail 171.
What's the expect from third world drivers, 150?
That's all that's some kind of an ethnic shot to me.
You know what I mean?
Charlie sounds ethnic.
That could be wrong.
Never the last six little details.
It is true.
I bet most of them are here in South Florida, 123.
That's true.
Just shoot them 80.
Shoot them in the lake.
Or wherever you are bad, a, and that's OK too.
I'm one of them, 38.
We've hoped your license permit.
I love to try it again.
We've hoped your license is permanently 32.
And finally, slap them on the wrist 31, which is almost as fun
as shooting in the lake.
I like that better.
817, 825.
Little truck just came in there.
Wow.
Chris is all whipped up about that because he gets paid by the vote.
Now, wouldn't you like that if you got paid for it?
I love that.
A dollar of vote.
Already have 825 banks in the till for today.
You could vote of August.
Exactly.
If you were making those kind of bucks.
And then you'd, then, then you'd see this guy get real interested
in the daily Italian of vote totals.
Then all of a sudden, you really change your tune.
You would be singing it whole different.
Come on.
Let's get up to 1,500 a day folks.
You can do it.
Come on, old man.
You're talking about it.
I'd be pushing for 3,000 votes.
I got news for you, man.
You're pushing your luck right now.
Now, you're all right.
You know, you know, Josh, that's what that one queen says
that calls everybody at once, Josh, his body.
And for that reason, I'm glad.
You don't want to be my little boy, huh?
Where did you come up with that stupid?
What was that all about?
That little bird of the moment kind of a guy.
Spurm of the moment.
That was so bad.
Ooh, my little boy.
So, ooh.
Yeah, a lot of little queens.
I feel like a lot of queens sounds way neat.
I feel like a little queen when you say that.
If you said that about the Serbian Stadion, I'd say,
I'll ride.
Yeah, but Josh, quarters.
Well, you're the one to put your tongue down
and throw in the elevator.
No, he put his tongue down my throw in the elevator, okay?
Oh, okay.
And I got news for you.
If it was the Serbian Stadion, it wouldn't have stopped there.
I'll tell you that right now.
That elevator would just never have landed.
You'll hit the fire button and that loop.
They would have kept going up and down, up and down
and the elevator too, but never.
828 votes on the full.
We got 1,000 licked and what are we going to,
well, we'll decide later what's the safe number to shoot for.
You notice how I wait till about, oh, I'm no noon.
And then you can kind of calculate in your mind
at about 100 votes an hour.
So we have 1,000 by noon and then you can go for 1,200.
See what I'm saying?
There is the formula for a crystal inside a secret
of the trade.
Like taking line nine is always good to get out of the way first.
Q-O-M.
Hello.
This is John calling from NSBA to let the owner know
that your platinum membership with your $8,000
is not the same.
I mean, we've been to that.
Has been approved.
All right.
We're rich.
My platinum what with my $8,000 one credit card.
All right.
Just one is another credit card, not.
Oh God, Neil.
Hey, my lady, do it.
Hey, if you've been landed around here,
you're not ready to push them for Babes all day.
You probably should be hungry, ready, but no.
Let's go and do.
Go home where you're going to wash your hands.
Keep your elbows on the table.
Say, please, and thank you.
You know, gonna do that comes the ass.
Cause we're not show blah, blah.
The new self service Mexican restaurant.
Excuse me.
I'd like to conquist the door special.
Hey, man, you can't keep this whatever you want.
Cause I ain't going to get it for you.
We're not show blah.
Not show blah, blah.
Serve another best of anything you want.
Let's know you should go back and make it yourself.
All right, I was great.
Hey, where you going?
I'm gonna go pick that up for you.
Why some decent man?
What?
So for text match with no respect,
it's not show blah, blah.
Do it yourself when I show blah, blah.
So anyway, probably wondering how come I'm playing that?
It's from the standing at all.
I guess what?
Guess who's going to be?
In fact, maybe they already were there and I missed it.
At the falls, you can see them in Niagara Falls.
I got to brochure you know, whether you entertainers.
I better go in the other room and get it during my break.
Okay.
Mary Wilson.
Is it Mary Wilson?
It was a Mary Wells.
I think Mary Wells is.
Well, they're sure it is.
Mary Wilson and anyway, and the Funk Brothers.
That's the Lotton show.
I'm not happy to just go and see that, you know?
Good.
Unless it's already over.
Anyway, your close friend Brandon says,
and I have no idea what this is all about, just out of the blue,
you know, just try to touch face with us.
Touch this Brandon.
I was actually listening to an old song,
but I'm sure you know, Cool Jerk by the capitals.
Not sure how old it is, but it sure sounds, sure as hell sounds.
Oh, catchy song though, he says.
Whatever, whatever.
Is it catchy?
It's okay.
Now you probably got the capitals in your original one, right?
Because this is a, I probably will do it.
You'll hear it.
I'll make it for you.
Stop yours, you'll hear it.
Yeah.
When I was a guy like that, when I was a nice,
nice, thank you, thank you for the,
and a nice talk, I'm sure you've been trying to call it.
I'm replacing my job by the way, May 14th, I'm waiting for you.
I'm managing it, whatever he is, whatever, he's not.
Good night.
You just one of those bass on.
I don't know what kind of a way to go.
You people used to use back then.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're kind of back in the day.
That's the kind of thing go that all the, yeah, people, what do you know about it?
That's them.
Montana boy, what do you know about it?
They got fakes up there.
Be your boy.
Yeah, they got some fakes in Montana.
They're everywhere, everywhere you go.
You can't run away.
Even at Disney.
Even at Disney.
Even the clowns and the Mickey Mouse and all those people up there.
I know I'm not playing no more ice in here, okay?
I got that one guy that dark, I'm talking to him.
It's like that old Neil thing.
And of course that guy turned out to be a fake anyway.
What I tell you about him, huh?
Oh, brother, no, let's go there again.
Okay, so anyway, there's your thing, Brandon.
There you go.
Cool jerk.
Is that Hootsie Counts?
It is.
Totally.
Hootsie, tootsie.
There goes Hootsie.
Or is my cranberry.
Here comes a...
Here comes somebody.
I forget already what he used to say.
He saved a lot of things, none of which made any sense.
But he was a good guy, my cranberry, and now he's dead.
What are they going to say about me when I'm in the ground?
What are all you people, all my close personal friends out there,
going to say about me when I'm dead and buried?
Oh, that old Neil, he was sure a great queen, a great old gay guy.
What are they going to say?
Let's say he's an old fat bag now he's dead.
Yeah, that's what they're going to say.
And I'm going to be hurting for a certain man.
I'm going to be down there in that box.
And I'm going to be down there in that box.
Oh, geez, that's the best you can say about me.
See, that's one thing when you die.
Nobody can hurt your feelings.
That's right.
Not too many good things I can say about death, but that's one of them.
Nobody can hurt your feelings.
No bill collectors are going to come calling you knocking on the door.
No phone solicitors are going to ring your phone at 11 o'clock at night,
bugging the hell out of you.
None of these things.
Here are some great news, as a matter of fact,
that I'd rather read this news while I'm still alive.
I like it.
U.S. Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama's popularity has grown
among likely voters according to a poll released yesterday,
which suggested he was gaining a rival frontrunner Hillary Clinton,
who is she's no longer the frontrunner by the way corner of this.
The poll by the Rasmussen Institute predicted that Obama would get
32% of the vote in February's primary compared to 30% of the
swillery, who until now has been the consistent favorite in the Democratic Party.
How do you like that?
While the report noted that it marked the first time a candidate other than
swillery came out on top, it nevertheless pointed out that Obama's percentage gain was
statistically insignificant.
Well, excuse me.
In addition to results were called through a Rasmussen reports
national telephone survey that was conducted April 23 to 26,
with most answers given advance to the first Democratic debate,
which was held Thursday the 26th.
Another poll next week with Gage, the candidates performance in that debate,
which I didn't watch and I don't care about and I don't want to hear about
politics, you know.
I don't want to see no Chris Matthews.
I don't want to see no Tucker Carlson with his mother Tucker pies,
and his stupid answer bow tie he used to wear.
I don't want to see no bad.
All these silly ass talking heads, it's like those Sunday morning shows,
those proper gander shows, that's all they are.
Why does anybody waste their time watching?
I sure don't do you?
No.
However, the survey is shown, here's the good news, a steady decline in Hillary's
support base.
All right.
Oh!
Yeah.
The same poll in March of the New York Senator and wife of Bill Clinton had a
12-point leadover of Aminow, she's two points down.
She's going down.
It's only May 1st, El Primero de Mayo, thank you for correcting me on the
ASTAM, I'm embarrassed.
Thor about it.
I do, I'm the won't.
But anyway, on the 1st of May, and we're not that far away from
male-siquity, Mayo, it's coming up Saturday, right?
The 15th.
Oh boy, wow, what are we going to do for you, I'll sink with a mile.
You know what I did?
I already celebrated ASTAM into Taco Bell.
I'm going to sleep in it, maybe I don't go to Taco Bell.
For the first time in a long time, I went to Taco Bell.
I must have known, my gastronomic juices must have been flowing in that
direction of Mexico.
I must have known that it was going to be a sink with a mile.
Actually, it was pretty good.
You know what I had?
I'm not going to tell you too much.
Yeah, burrito no beans.
Oh, that's a pretty good one.
Oh, that's a pretty good one.
The difference is we're also emerging in the demographics of the two candidates
aboard bases, Obama 45, the mixed race Illinois Senator, and I'm all
worried that the mixed race, well that's, that's, that's, sound so bad.
Why do they have to put that in there?
Who was born to a white American mother and a Kenyan father?
Can you believe it?
Leads among voters under 40.
Anybody under the age of 100 is all for Barack Obama and you want to know why?
Because he's got it.
I don't know what it is, but he's got it.
Clinton 59 is the strongest and the 65 and older bracket.
We can only hope that most of those people are dead by election day.
Clinton's got a 2.0-inch among Democrats.
Obama's got a 19-point lead among independence, likely to vote in the Democratic
Primer, which is eight months away.
Clinton filed a 26 million bucks in campaign contributions court of campaign
finance, dysphosures.
We released earlier this month while Barack Obama came in a close
second with 25 minutes.
He's right on our ass when it comes to the big bucks.
nearest contented to what, and Clinton was former Senator John Edwards with 17%
likely built in the primary, which determines the Democratic candidate.
None of the other eight Democratic contenders guarded more than 3%.
I mean, when you can't even get 3%, you're like, what's his name from
Connecticut?
Chris Dodd and Joe Biden, who's Biden this time, and Bill Richardson and
Bobby Richardson, who else has run it?
About 600 people.
Everybody and their brother were wants to be present.
They ain't got any solutions or ideas, but they all want to be present.
Barack Obama's the man.
Remember I told you that first initial about 100 years ago, and I said that was
not the first out of the box.
He did.
And I said, he demand.
And you'll see all you doubting Thomases out there, all you swillery
supporters, man, I can't stand that bitch.
She's colder than icicle.
She's colder than the inside of your freezer, turned all the way down to 80 below zero.
And of course she got all this man be panned be pandering to the right.
And of course her war, she still thinks that the war maybe wasn't such a bad idea.
Just bushed on it wrong, but maybe it wasn't such a bad idea after all.
Invading an occupying another country.
And opening up all this terrorism and all this death and mayhem.
And the 30, what is it?
It's getting close to 3,300, I think, American deaths over there.
Plus hundreds of thousands, maybe a million dead Iraqis.
That's the price of freedom.
It's expensive.
Democracy is expensive, right?
Yes, it is.
So we tell them.
Freedom isn't free.
It's hard work.
876 votes.
It's like that salad dressing.
I've told you that story in public.
She had a long time ago.
It's a true story.
I'm standing behind some old bag, at least 110 years old.
And she's got her three or four items there in her cart.
And she takes the bottle of craft, free salad dressing.
And she puts it on a counter.
And the girl scans it.
And she says, wait a minute, I thought it says free on the bottle.
It's the name of the product.
You stupid old bitch.
Craft free.
My name is thinking.
What do you think?
I press pants for nothing.
God, that's older than all of us put together, you know?
What?
It is.
It's funny.
You like that, though?
Yeah, I did.
Craft free dressing.
It says free on the bottle.
I got something for you for free, honey.
Yeah, my foot right where your bag sits on the floor.
I don't want to give my shoes bad.
$8.76 on a full and most white Chris, you're in today.
You have the, oh, $1,000 coming in.
Cool.
I think that's a really good idea.
An interesting idea.
Let's pay Chris.
I agree.
A penny for every vote.
So if we get 3,000 votes, that's 30,000.
30 bucks, right?
All right.
Why don't you give dime for a vote?
Dime for a vote.
Okay, so we got 1,000 that would be 100 bucks.
That's not a bad idea.
There would be an extra 500 bucks a week for you.
Exactly.
Well, seven, like six times a salary, 10 times?
How about 10 times, yeah?
Still good.
Everybody gather around the condiment here.
What kind of protest do you want?
Sitting, loving, anything you want as long as it's non-violent.
You come for the right one because I'm the condiment.
Okay, lord.
For tonight's a boy car.
For tonight's a boy car.
Turn the other cheek.
Turn the other cheek.
We're not the weight of the propose of bread and poro wings.
The condiment.
The condiment.
For the condiment.
Oh, the condiment.
The condiment.
Because he mixes it with love and extra system, doesn't bad.
Pull this part and on just one.
But let's just one.
We'll give it one more treat.
We'll give it one more treat.
Pull can make his own flaws not afraid to cross the scene.
The condiment.
The condiment.
Oh, the condiment.
And...
Oh, the condiment.
Oh, the condiment.
And for the mixes it would love an extra system, doesn't bad.
The condiment.
Consents that he represents, muscles into sinks and asians.
All the other religious persuasions.
What a very few occasions.
Pull can really save the beast.
Pull can really take a punch.
Pull can really take a punch.
The condiment.
Oh, the condiment.
Oh, the condiment.
The condiment.
And for the mixes it would love an extra system, doesn't bad.
Yes, the condiment.
And for the mixes it would love an extra system, doesn't bad.
Oh, and the other thing of epic resistors.
You're the best out of the world I say.
All right, Sam.
I will start myself today.
Yeah, I'm going to do something dangerous, man.
I'm going to sit and I'm not going to eat them.
That would be a bad idea for me, you know.
Just take about an 80 day fast or take a kind of slow.
At any rate, so what was I just going to tell you something very important
and just slip my mind?
It was no important to Alzheimer's.
Old timers.
I got my old timers disease going on.
I already gave the schedule for today.
Let's read the schedule for the rest of the week then.
It will be about 145.
Oh, we got Gelly, if it's an offensive war bank, on Thursday.
You want to be sure you miss that.
Okay, let's take a look at this pool today and I don't like it.
894, though.
What is it?
894 cent for a crisp?
$8.94.
Sounds good.
But you would take it.
Wouldn't we have any willing to be down about a half an hour?
You take $8.5 an hour at 16 bucks an hour, but you're not making no 16 bucks an hour.
Yeah, definitely not.
Well, there you go.
Christus got a raise.
Now, who's going to pay this to $8.9 cent?
You?
No.
An estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses.
Your response question, Mark?
I think this pulled blows.
In fact, I'm embarrassed I put it on there.
But of course, to show you that loyal audience we got out there,
no matter what kind of crappy put on there, they go and vote on it because they feel the spirit of Christ compels them, I guess.
When you think?
I imagine.
$8.94.
Confiscate their vehicles damage 210.
Throw their asses in jail 182.
What the, what's your expect?
I thought it said what the F?
What you expect from the third world drivers 161?
The banana boat crowd, third world.
People are came from countries that have been invented yet.
People are came from like not even banana republic.
What are those other plantain republic?
Is that like a step below banana republic?
A plantain republic?
That would take so.
I bet most of them here are here in the world.
In South Florida 137, bet you're right about that.
You can't complain about the driving because they're ain't none.
Very little, maybe like 5% is really driving in the rest is Kaka.
The rest of what passes for driving in South Florida is pure unadulterated crap.
That's it, you got it.
You're catching on.
Just shoot them 91.
I'm one of them, third and nine.
Well guess what?
We're going to find your ass, we're going to round you up.
Find them and slap them on the wrist 37.
That's it.
Just a little slap on the wrist.
And we've hoped your license is permanently 37.
98.94.
Well we're going to be at 1000 pretty quick.
According to my calculations.
We're like what Mo would say, his best, what was he saying in that one bit?
I'm not going to say it.
What was it?
I don't know, that's what I'm not going to say.
Oh.
Doug Thompson writes in Capitol Hill blue, billion-bilking bush.
I got a lot of material here today, man.
I got a lot of stuff.
I got a lot of lives to save.
A lot of fish to fry.
A lot of bacon to eat.
Oh, I already did that.
Now, did you get your bacon from home?
No, it was two orders.
Thank you, Howie.
Now, let me ask you this.
Duff was in it this morning.
I almost forgot.
I guess I did forget.
I was supposed to bitch her out about the char-hunt tomorrow's char-hunt Wednesday.
Right.
And I think you guys are going to get screwed in tattooed.
QAM, hello.
Mr. Ridesh is top of the morning here.
Yes sir.
20 plus years.
You're better than better.
All right.
Downtown listening to the candy man.
Another great bit.
An uncle Neil, I need a favor.
Yeah.
Mr. Ridesh, yes.
I'm having a pleasure second time to go to Europe.
I'm going to be in Germany for about five weeks.
A lot of Italian food.
I know you're rave about both Berlin and Cologne.
Could you give me two off the top of your head, sir?
Give me two what?
Restaurants, Italian, toucher ears.
No best, me.
Come on, lay it on me.
Oh man, trotteries.
They don't have trotteries in Germany.
I hate to break the news to you.
You want trotteries, Italy, man.
Not trotteries.
Two years ago I had a ball in it, but my son's now in Germany.
And if you're in the mood for Italian food and Berlin,
a Cologne, where do you go?
In Berlin, what the hell is the big shopping center there in Berlin?
The Europa Center.
The Europa Center is a pretty good Italian restaurant down on the lowest floor.
You take the escalator down and it's a pretty good time.
Hey, does that mean you're not going to find sensational Italian food in Germany?
I am in the stand.
I mean, I said, where can I find some good bratwurst in Oro-Maman?
All you have to do is good.
Have a great time and enjoy the brats, man.
No, you are the best in there.
You already said that, thank you.
Quit kissing my ass, God.
I'll rock out.
I got asked, I got asked burn from that call.
I got asked rash from that call.
How many times do you say you're the best?
I mean, at least 500, I think.
I know, first of all, I know I'm the best.
There's nobody even close.
There's nobody in the same league with this show, with this old queen.
I know that.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
Everybody knows that.
And of course in South Florida, because they take you for granted,
they take everything for granted, because there's no passion.
So we'll see on Friday whether we made a nice comeback if there are people
worried a whole bunch of diaries or, you know, or how...
That's what we needed.
We needed people, listen, 7, 8, 9 hours a day to this show.
It's only on for four, but we needed 8 or 9.
But we'll survive somehow.
We'll scrape through.
And of course Chris has got that big increase now.
Let's see, we got over 900 votes on air.
Chris, it's $9.06 for you right now.
But if I click that view, it's going to be 9.
Like I said, 906.
What are some great trotteries in Czechoslovakia and Czech Republic?
That guy.
I mean, he met well and he wanted to kissy-kissy-kissy,
but not far from Jesus.
That is so ponderous.
Hey Larry, you're the best Larry.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, thank you.
Thank you.
Hey Larry, you're really the best Larry.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
Thank you.
What's the question?
Thank you.
That whole deal, man.
I guess I don't have time for dark Thompson right now.
I have to do it right now.
That's not that long.
We'll wait.
Yeah, you know what?
You will wait, because I guess you got no choice.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Oh, no, I am.
Hey, I didn't lie, all right?
I don't lie.
You're all liars.
Are you calling me a liar?
Not all of those for liars?
You're lying.
I'm saying spotlight.
I'm afraid I find it difficult to trust you.
There's no question for begins, no longer believing in him.
Albert Old Banzaret seems miserable.
Just the only thing demand, though,
to promise take the stand, pray cool,
try to bold capitol hill, roll, roll.
I'm a liar, and I'm a loser,
and I'm a shame.
Give it all.
Take care, be part of it.
Lawyers buy a torture plant,
offer grob, wire, tap, thread,
blitz, loyalty, the party over country.
One time, and we're right to trial.
While handsome, complete denial,
Constitution thrown away.
How long till they make him pay?
How is this a liar?
How is that a liar?
How is that a liar?
How is this a liar?
He tries to hide, and he will keep the night in it.
Do not trust this man, do not cough,
and do not engage in conversation.
Now, Congress is full to start bringing our truth home.
But the president says he'll veto the bill.
He was wrong then, and he's wrong now.
It's the will of one nation
versus the stubbornness of one man.
Kill George Bush, sign the bill,
bring our truth home.
I'll arrive, paid for by Americans United for change.
Good spot, just there on CNN.
Millions of people watched it, or at least 100.
Is that great or what?
All right.
Well, at least it's something.
You know, people are staring at Americans are pretty slow, you know,
because they got American Idol to worry about, and all that.
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me that stuff, you know.
The important stuff.
Can't worry about all these dead bodies, and all the other crap going on.
Right.
It's depressing.
It's depressing stuff, man.
It's depressing.
My name is Finken.
What do you think?
I press pants for nothing?
924 votes on a pool.
What we're getting close to 1000s, that even at about a clock yet.
I think we're making a comeback.
What do you think?
Especially in one of the fact that it's after Easter and Pesach.
Wow.
Wow, we wow, wow.
When half a soft load of bales out.
How can it be the year 2007?
And I can remember saying this about 100 years ago on the year, screaming about it.
How can what is supposedly a major market still be a horse and buggy seasonal town?
You know what I mean?
I like it in a real city.
Like in Boston or Chicago or New York or LA.
Do they talk about the season when people are going to do business and make some money
and business people?
Of course they don't.
There is no such thing as a Toronto.
Do they talk about the season?
Of course not.
Season my ass.
Well, they're all sub-bothery.
Yeah, okay.
We're going to be accent people, isn't they?
They're also MSG.
I don't know.
Accent is.
No, accent is MSG.
That's right.
Accent is right.
Don't be sh-freaking a lot of accent on your re-like it.
Makes my teeth painful.
Do you like it?
Oh yeah.
MSG man's favorite.
That's the pounded headache.
Pints and needles on your face.
Needles and pens, the searchers.
And then of course there's always bootsy Collins.
I don't want to play that.
I mean, yeah, with all the respect, bootsy Collins is good.
What's the other song you did on the...
Needs and pensy searches.
I love that 1963 I want to say from when it is.
Am I right?
64.
64.
Like I wanted to say, 64, but I said 63.
Because I don't want to show off.
This could be...
Oh, this is Gerald Wilhurt who just died.
Oh, Christ.
How could the good singers die?
Everybody does.
God people out there.
If God was really sharing, you know, he would...
Did they yell all the time?
Now with the crowd.
That's a terrible thing.
Come on.
The call of all the folks.
Open song.
Let's not get music intensive again here today.
I don't know.
I was Brandon instead of that.
Shame on you, Brandon.
I have no idea what that last email was.
He wrote it was in coherent.
He wrote me a...
A...
Words on a page.
You know what I mean?
They didn't make any sense.
They can work with his parents.
I'm sure they didn't make any of him.
Maybe he's doing the magic mushrooms already this morning.
Doug Thompson says,
billion-bulking bush.
He says,
the late senator,
ever dorks in a bill,
or I put it best,
a billion here, a billion there, dorks,
and said pretty soon we're talking about real money.
In the buildup to his questionable invasion of Iraq,
President Bush and his corrupt administration told many, many lies,
Iraq he said at a weapons-of-manage destruction.
They didn't, and many intelligence experts sold the president
still in shaky ground by claiming they did.
Iraq he said,
conspired without credit applying the terror attacks of 9-11.
He said he had proof he did not.
Yet the biggest lie of all is just now surfacing.
The war against Iraq was said
with cost about $50 billion,
give or take a billion and two,
not even close.
A new report shows the cost of Bush and his failed Iraq war will soon
top $500 billion.
Now that is old,
Evederkson would say,
is real money,
half a trillion.
A clatchy newspapers put together a list of what $500 billion would buy
if we weren't blowing it on the war in Iraq, for example.
A college education,
tuition fees,
room and board of the public university,
for about half the nation's 17 million high school aged teenagers.
Pre-school for every three and four year old in the country
for the next eight years.
A year stay and an assisted living facility for about half of the 35 million Americans,
eight 65 or older.
Oy!
You realize this November,
I'm going to be 65,
I'm going to be like official old farts.
You're a senior citizen,
you're an old five.
Oy!
65, now you're going to be one of those people
that you and I will never become one of those people.
Anyway, Doug Thompson says when you applied to cost of the Iraq war
to the US population of $301.7 million,
you get a cost of $1,657 bucks for every man, woman and child in this country.
Pentagon serves to say military plan is warned,
Bush that his estimate of 50 billion for the war in Iraq was way too low,
but he ignored their warnings just like he ignored the advice of others
who said they couldn't prove the existence of weapons of mass destruction,
or any connection between Saddam Hussein and Osama Yimamba bin Laden.
As former CIA director George Tenan outlines in his new book,
Bush made up his mind to evade Iraq,
even before he took orifice on January 20th, 2001.
He just needed an excuse,
and the attacks of 9-11 gave him that excuse.
Then he invented justifications to sell the word away,
shell shot Congress, a gullible media and a trusting American public.
The legacy of George's W. Bush will be a failed presidency,
a bankrupt American, and a lost war based on lies.
Right, Stark Thompson, but nice don't you, Doug.
They're going to come and drag your ass out of there any minute now,
but for nice knowing it.
This is a guy who spits it right out there,
who dares you to deal with the truth.
Dears you to handle the truth.
Or you know that guy, my favorite call yesterday of all the idiots,
and we have so many, was the guy to go,
did you get an email from VJ,
could I be just saying that Indian friend, ah, ah, ah, ah.
That guy.
Yeah.
I got news for him, okay.
I'm going to Google over anybody I want to on here,
including my friend, the Serbia, he also mentioned him,
the Serbian standing.
He must have heard that the other day,
because I got the two things from him today.
Two things.
One was his, and I think one was his wife's.
Nine hundred, I didn't know if he had one though.
Nine hundred and thirty eight votes.
Nine did you, you forgot already, you just so, yeah, I wish you watched.
About what?
About his, ah, he's eighteen, I think I don't know.
Oh yeah, yeah, you're right.
I forgot meaning I didn't even, ah, about one.
He was cute.
Okay. They made a really cute couple.
Oh, and speaking of El Primero de Mayo today,
Cuba's revolution on Plaza was packed today with hundreds of thousands
of cheering workers celebrating Mayday,
but Fidel was nowhere to be seen.
And of course, he was having his saying, he's back in charge,
he's been doing great, yadi yadi, yadi.
And a partridge and a paratrooper.
And he also said,
Thank you, Abe.
Does anybody believe me now?
The 80-year-old Kalanista leader was not watching
from his usual purchase of viewing platform,
and hasn't been seen in public since that emergency
intestinal surgery forced him to step down temporarily nine months ago.
As they say, a little Havana, his kishkis are bleeding.
Do you want to know what I mentioned on the air about, ah, Jeff rumor?
I don't think so.
I spoke to him yesterday, his wife called,
and he put it on the phone.
He had quite a droopled bypass surgery last Friday.
He's okay.
He had quite a droopled bypass.
He was having shortness of breath, and like a little list,
a little let he went to the doctor,
and he said, oh, you've got to have a tool he did
to stress test, you know?
And you've got two arteries blocked,
and when they opened him up,
they found all four arteries were blocked,
and they went, oh, it's a cry.
And so he had quite a droopled bypass,
but he's okay, and he came on the phone, and,
buh-bh-bh-bh-bh, I said, boy, nothing can shut you up, can it?
And I said, I must have been all that artery-clogging food,
you wait, all those big steaks and juicy meals that I fed you,
that great expense.
And he went, ah, but anyway, he's okay.
I mean, I know that you don't like him very much, but, you know.
But what?
You certainly don't wish him any ill physically.
I mean, I-
No, I just don't care one way or another.
Oh, well, I'm sure there are people out there who care.
Maybe like Denise Pothban is here and there.
I'm sure Denise is very nice though.
If her all is great, she's not just very nice.
She's a sweetheart, I love her, like crazy.
In fact, if I only had to deal with her,
the whole family would have gotten along a lot better.
Now that's bad to say when he's recovering
from quadruple bypass.
Castors attend to the annual international workers
they march for decades.
Cuban officials have refused to speculate
on whether he would use this year's event to make his first public appearance
in his other going surgery and temporarily
seating his duties to a 75-year-old brother,
Madacon.
Yay!
Raul.
One of Castors' main allies, Veneth Wailen Preffett and Hugo Chavez,
said Sunday that the Cuban leader is once again in charge,
but he declined to comment on statements by Bolivia's leftist leader,
the Castor, could appear in public May 1,
meaning today he ain't appearing in public.
There was no word on Cuban state television's nightly newscast,
Castor wishes the latest news series of communicates,
calling for a revolution in energy production,
but gave no hint of whether he'd make a May Day appearance.
They brought in Rick Jenner at his screaming,
May Day, May Day, May Day, he's doing that.
That routine against old and tired, but it's funny.
May Day.
If he invades his opposition,
US fans to use food crops to produce ethanol for cars,
predicting that American fuel needs to be provided
with labor of the world's impoverished sugar cane work,
workers.
Tomorrow, the 1st of May is a good day to carry these reflections
to the workers and all the poor people of the world,
Castor, and the communicated Monday, dated last night.
A wooden platform on the broad plaza of the revolution
was decorated for the May Day event,
with huge banners bearing portraits of the island's communist heroes,
but the urgent need, by many, to see the man who ruled this company for seven,
47 years, seems to have faded in recent months,
as life has continued normally,
at least for them, under leadership of Castor's younger brother,
brother Raoul.
The defense minister.
Occasional government photos and videos of the elder castor
have assured Cubans he's still alive and recovering,
appearing stronger and more robust in the most recent images.
There will be similar marches in smaller marches and cities around the island,
with the government expecting several million donations.
How many million does that say I can't read it?
It's plotted out.
A million to participate in those.
How many million in Cuba?
I can't read the number.
Like 10 last night, I checked.
Oh.
I was gathered.
We'll also protest the recent decision to free on bond,
any communist leader, a militant Luis Posada Carillas,
for appending his trial on US immigration charges,
a van accuser of the Cuban board Posada,
of orchestrated 1976,
airliner bombing the killed 73 people of charge,
he'd been eyes.
Luis Posada, I wonder if he's related to Isabella de Castada.
Isabella de Castada,
Channel of whatever news.
Oh boy.
All these people talk, all these Julio people talk,
and Spanish baby talk on South Florida TV,
and other reason not to be there.
Isabella de Castada.
Ya la voy.
Castada's met a recent week with Columbia and writer,
and Nobel laureate Gabriel Garcia Marquez,
and top 20's communist party leader,
and his pen for editorials, including the one-of-shoots,
last night.
He's writing up a storm that fell, man.
He's strong, he's wrong, and the hubbendrared.
That's what they're saying in sweet water.
Hubbendrared.
They don't even know what it means,
but I think they got a good point.
To help with fidel.
That's what that means.
949 on the pool, we're going to go over 1000 extra,
Chris and then they'll figure that you got 10 bucks,
10 bucks in your pocket.
Not too bad.
You can say that all for that next big trip to Vegas.
That's 10 bucks, I would say,
the way things are right now, good job.
Maybe out to, oh, I know, middle of the state.
In fact, maybe you can go to the Mika Sookie,
isn't that out there in the middle of the,
where is the Mika Sookie?
Up there on the, on the res.
Isn't it?
After an alligator rally.
Well, there you go.
10 bucks gas and leave you a couple bucks left over
and put in a machine, man.
Maybe you'll hit the, maybe you'll hit that hot machine,
maybe you'll win like a million bucks with that machine?
What do you think, Chris?
Yeah, I got no.
This is the Neal Launcher Show.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
This is your brain.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Any questions?
I can't believe the language I hear on TV, every home the word is an obscenity.
A crack used to be the cable was a horn on worse, but now the networks let their act discurses.
There's a wedding sites of business, celebrity, all the dialogue contains profanity.
Quarering like a seller all the three day pass, words are whole lot worse than ass.
Crack them.
F1, F1, how long will it be before they drop the F1 on that word TV? F1, F1.
There's no telling where they drop one on the U.P.L.
Ah crap, I got some bad news for me.
Was that?
The magic of Motown, I just remember I said I better run on the other room during a break that brochure from Fallsview, Casino and Niagara Falls, Ontario.
And here it is, it's in my hand right now in the brochure too.
The only part is going to be there May 10, that's a week from a Thursday.
Anybody want to see her with those big old saggy boobies now? Michael Bolton, May 24, oh god.
Roger Hodgson, formerly of Super Tramp, I love Super Tramp by the way.
What about it?
In fact, what's the Super Tramp song I have in here?
Is it Hello Stranger? No, I don't have that.
Hello Stranger, what's the name of it?
Good by Stranger.
Well, hello Stranger was Barbaraleus and then they came back with good by Stranger just to be bastards.
Ah, I got all those good by songs and they're good by Marlon's, good by Patty, Affiliate.
Or take the long way home, is that the one that you have from the Magnolia?
No.
I don't think I have any of them in here. Well that's not possible.
I have that, oh who now really cares, you know, the audience isn't here but...
Here we go, I love Super Tramp.
Me too.
What's the name of Super Tramp?
Yes, me.
Groups of all time.
John Stewart's going to be there Friday June 1st and Saturday June 2nd, maybe he'll be funny there because he sure isn't on my TV.
Maybe he's funny on other people's TVs, you know, he's not funny on my TV.
Here we listen to news Wednesday June 6th, Grand Funk Railroad Friday June 8th.
They're going to be doing locomotion and little Eve is going to be rolimover in her grave.
I think she's still alive.
You read through her Franklin, Peter Frantin, Hart, there's some good people there.
Zuby Brothers, Donna Summer.
J. Leno, Bobby Vintin's going to be there Thursday.
Oh boy!
Oh hey, she wore blue velvet, anyway, kill her.
Take the long way home.
The Magic Motown starring Mary Wilson of the Supremes and the Fun Brothers.
And now when I said see I had my information right but the dates, oh, a pox on them.
June 14th and 15th, that's when I start my next vacation.
I can't be canceling my vacation to go see the Fun Brothers as much.
I would love to see that.
Maybe you'll go there.
I forget some free tickets, yeah.
Free tickets for what?
Is it free already?
Oh, I could get it free for the tickets but how are you going to get there?
You're going to, you're going to, you're going to spring to fly to a Toronto or Buffalo
and then take a limo to Niagara Falls and then pay for the room.
I have to get free tickets for that.
I can get you a comp there, you know, room and meals.
I'll pass.
But I won't because you can't afford to go there.
So that's a problem.
Once you got there, you'd be okay.
I can get you a comp with all kinds of good stuff.
But then getting there and getting back home, although why would you want to get back home?
You could just stick a foot in the falls there and say, hey, goodbye cruel world.
Goodbye cruel world.
Take the long way.
Did James Daring do that?
Goodbye cruel world?
I think he did.
Now I bet you got that.
He sure?
Could he sing or watch James Daring?
Now I got the Pink Floyd version, not the James Daring.
That's okay.
Spirit of Broadway.
Andre Filippe Philippe Gagnon, some frog.
Who the hell is he?
He's an impressionist.
Nonsense is going to be there.
Nonsense.
Little Sisters of Hoboken.
Songwriter's Night.
There are a whole bunch of good stuff.
But anyway, so June, if you want to go see it in Niagara Falls, it falls you.
Magic of Motowns.
June 14th at 15th.
Live, they fall through the casino resort.
Resort.
Can I read the blurb?
Because you know how much I love that whole thing.
I know you want to see me.
If Ben Harper was going to be there in Jonas Born, I would push my trip back a week or something.
Do you believe me?
No.
No.
That sounds good though, doesn't it?
Because I love, I just love the fun brothers and that whole standing in the shadows of Motowns.
It just changed my life.
Thanks, SUDs.
Marvin gave the Supreme's Attemptations Smokey Robinson the Miracles, the four tops and so many more known as legendary Motown artists yet.
They are not the musicians who created the Motowns sound we know and love today.
In 1959, Barry Grady began to gather a group of musicians from the thriving blues and jazz scene in Detroit, Michigan for his new record company Motown.
Motown.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Not that mo.
This group was made up of the best musicians in the industry.
They called themselves the FUNC brothers.
That's with an N.
The FUNC brothers performed on every Motown recording during the musical era and they're still best kept secret in the history of pop music.
They played on more number one records.
Listen to this.
They played on more number one records than the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Rolling Stones and Elvis combined.
All of these things.
More number one records than the Beatles, the Beach Boys, the Rolling Stones and Elvis combined.
Experience the rare opportunity to relive the magic of Motown as the original dream girl, Murray Wilson,
the supreme joins this group of unsung heroes.
Live on stage can't help myself to perform your favorite Motown hits such as Baby Love, Stop of the Name of Love.
Come see about me, you can't really love and sugar five honey bun by the four times.
Now that's not on here, is it?
Not on the VIT.
Same old song.
Yes it is.
That's still like it.
It's Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy.
That was the Danny and Jimmy up by the way.
And then of course is Mike.
Oh, reach out and it'll be there.
Reach out and grab it.
Showed his form baby.
She ain't no asi asi.
She ain't even Danny Asmine's born.
She's the best.
So what are we going to do about Rick Chasry term and I made 14 is that today.
Look at the calendar for me.
I'll smoke a bowl for him.
How's that?
Okay, good.
Look out the calendar and see what day of the, let's see the number.
Monday the 14th.
Monday the 14th.
So I guess Friday preceding that will be Ricky Tickey's last day on the air.
He doesn't work Saturday does he?
Guys, it's been on this 18 years old.
I'm going to call him and give him the hotline just in case.
You know.
Why, you got his number?
Yeah.
Well that would be great.
God, I'd love to say farewell to Ricky Tickey's Shaw on the air.
In fact, just one last time, I think it would be a real treat to have him come online and say,
It's a lie.
I am not, I'm not saying.
I think that would be great.
Calling him right now.
You are?
Yeah.
Well we don't want to do it today.
Well not on the air.
I'm just telling him to, here's the number of call in, you know, when you got something to say.
Or if you don't.
No, I don't do it today.
I don't want to talk to him to any of my mind.
I've got to talk to him today, but I don't want to do that.
It's a, to be so way for Christ's, you know, you're just, you're timing us so that's your whole thing in life.
In case you haven't noticed that.
Yeah, well, what about problems, sir?
Yeah, timing is everything, man, being in the right place at the right time.
And in your case, 981 votes on our very marginal poll today, I'm embarrassed by it.
I'll be the first one to admit, I think this poll sucks.
And why did you put it on there?
Charlie B sent you six down.
I got a pile of polls here to the ceiling.
Here's one, for example.
What annoying noise could make you drive, could most drive you to murder the son of a bitch who makes it?
Shit, should I read the list?
Okay.
Leaf, lower dog barking, train horns on trains, road vehicles, lawnmower, car horn, ringtone, read a Cosby's voice, siren her burglar alarm.
And she's still on the air.
They finally dragged her ass off of their computer machine.
I don't, I don't, I don't watch the video.
I don't watch that.
MSNBC, neither does anybody else.
First of all, the Keith is off my list after you got help, get on, inspired.
I don't think she's on the list.
Before she left for California over the weekend.
Oh, there's Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi.
Boy, talk about the a week in limp.
Wow, wow, wow, how sad.
981 votes, an estimated 900,000 3rdians drive our roads with suspended licenses, your response.
Suspended a sentence.
Suspended a license, that's a great scene.
Suspended a sentence.
She kept her honor.
Whatever you've seen is a great scene.
Let's get Godfather intensive again.
That's the poll question.
Should we get Godfather intensive or should we get Motown intensive?
That's the question.
Or how about the Godfather sings Motown, huh?
God, call the old things.
I'm one of the ones of the broken heart.
I'm more of an action in somebody Godhood.
It broke my heart.
Broken hearted.
Anyway, confiscate their vehicles, these slime balls, 238.
Throw their asses in jail, 196.
What you expect from 3rd world drivers, 182 in the banana republic, then nothing wrong with that choice.
182 in lot of votes and rightfully so.
I bet most of our here in South Florida, 148, just shoot them 104.
Shoot them.
Don't shoot them like in a head or anything like that because we don't want to advocate.
Shoot them in the leg.
Right.
I'm one of them 41.
Well, guess what?
We hate you like poison and wish you would die and you keep driving like that and you probably will.
And so a lot of other innocent people who are painting the ass bystanders.
Find them and slap them on the wrist for remember, clemences, ton of them.
The pain in the ass bystanders in the restaurant.
About throwing, dropping the gun after he shoots McCluskey and Celetzzo.
Mm-hmm.
Don't want no pain in the ass bystanders getting what, what a breeze says.
Peek clemenza, man.
He was so great.
And what was the line that you keep arguing with me about where he says, what was that line?
I'm thinking.
Oh, Luca brought these sleeps with the fishes.
Was that the line?
I don't think he's arguing about it.
I'm not really right.
I mean, how could you not know?
I mean, I don't want to like start attacking you like brutally and viciously all the way.
Go ahead.
You're right.
So obviously clemenza, man.
You're just, you know, a pretender.
Find them and slap them on the wrist for 40 and revoke their license permanently 38.
Take their licenses away and turn them into mincemeat.
Turn them into halibut.
Turn them into like borched.
And what was the train horse radish?
See you don't know your horse radish because you don't know your Gafiltefish.
That's the problem.
Well, maybe I'll work on that.
Yeah, work on your Gafiltefish.
The pacemaker has cut a new CD entitled Larry Kingston's Bob Murray.
We're jamming.
I want the jamming with you.
Tulsa, Oklahoma.
Hello.
You'll take this legendary newsman's interpretations of an even more legendary songwriter.
Chick-a-boom, Chick-a-boom.
He shot the sheriff.
That's why he'll be my guest.
Right after these words from Garley hits Manipede.
Larry Kingston's Bob Murray only as Larry King can.
One love.
One heart.
Let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations.
Get Larry King's things Bob Murray today.
So order your copies in $3 million to cover the cost of his trials and for payments to Larry King live.
Garret.
CNN.
No woman, no cry.
The Aluminum checks in the mail and he stopped your gripe.
No woman, no cry.
Hey guys, slow down a bit.
Okay, at Lovin's 17, we got a thousand six vote signer, Chris.
That's $10.66 Theoretically for you.
Maybe Josh Cortesaw to pay that since he didn't see me in any big hurry to cash that check.
Oh yeah, he did.
He cashed it yesterday.
Yeah, likely story.
I didn't, doesn't show up on my thing on my bank on the online.
What time did he cash yesterday when a moon comes over to mind to break in like about nine o'clock last night when the bank was closed and say,
Hey, give me the money, honey.
I'll be sure to ask when I see him next.
No, you don't have to ask.
Hey, listen, logri hangs onto it.
The more I got, that's more for me tomorrow.
You know, I'm going to need all I can get a wood vine because I'm going early.
I'll be there by before one o'clock.
Before the little hand hits the big hand because we're out here at 1230 tomorrow.
I just mentioned that in passing for your baseball fans.
Oh yeah, Marlins had the Mets.
Marlins pregame show 1230 tomorrow.
I checked that New York weather.
It's going to be sunny and in the low 60s.
It's going to be beauty.
No threat of rain and no problem.
And guess what's on after the Marlins Mets came tomorrow.
Wow.
Well, that's because the hoppers got all that Louisville stuff.
You know, he's got to do the ESPN stuff.
We come way down the line.
And when it comes to some of the big celebrities on our station,
we come way down the line.
Kind of nickels and dime.
These guys are making for us when they got the TV.
The TV stuff is the big stuff.
Then the FM and then us.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing there?
Okay, sir.
All right.
That last poll suggestion inspired me to ask you like in Toronto.
You guys have these people running around with the base blasting,
making your eyeballs all jiggle around.
Or that's just my answer.
Yes, yes we do.
Absolutely.
Yes, we did.
That's the poll when you set it up.
Okay.
That's just the thought.
Neil, love your show and George too when you're not around.
He never stole a freight train.
All right, you guys are great.
Thanks, Kelly.
Okay.
Now, there's something like a good guy, you know?
He's not like a real person for crying out loud.
That's scary.
Mark it down 1119 on Tuesday.
I'll primarily admire you.
El Uno de Mayo.
We Saturday, El Cinco de Mayo.
Don't we have a bit about this station?
Yes, we do.
It's not about the Mexicans.
It's about the Americans.
Of course it is.
Mexican Independence Day.
What else would it be about?
Oh, but I play that a million times.
May 5th.
Cinco de Mayo.
Oh, Mexican National holiday.
Yeah, that's enough of it.
That's way too much.
We don't want to play that thing about de-lousing Mexicans.
That sounds like some kind of a, I don't know.
Something that was something that was something that was racial.
There's some loot dogs would say, you know?
Ten ten on the uphold.
Ten ten wins New York or ten ten CFRB Toronto way.
He said like a little bell they would ring.
Was it on the ten ten wins New Yorker?
Yeah, no like that.
Ten ten wins New York.
Ten.
Oh boy.
Back in the day when Murray the K was on you, or Murray Kaufman.
So I want to take back what I said about Joyce Kaufman.
Because I said that I don't know anybody else with that last name
who pronounced it that way.
George S. Kaufman pronounced it that way.
Who used to be on panel shows a thousand years ago.
Back with what's your name that just died?
Kidney Carlyle.
Okay.
And Dorothy Kale-Galant.
All of chicken eggs, buddies.
And Bennett Thurff.
And who is the other one?
That pronounced it that way.
He beats me.
Well, who's the other Kaufman?
Kaufman.
Andy?
No, not Andy Kaufman.
That little come to me.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Boy, I can tell it somewhere.
Yeah, me too.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh.
Is that the whisperer by the way that one?
No.
I'm pretty sure.
Oh, that's a different one.
The whisperer vanished.
I think somebody got his ass.
He hit him with five shots and he ain't still alive.
Yeah, they got to the whisperer.
They find it.
So all you hell game players out there, sooner or later, man.
Sooner or later, they're going to trace the call.
They're going to get to your ass and it's just like, it's vanished.
You go out to one of those camps, the summer camp.
And I'm not talking about Bella Snyder, summer camp.
Oh, I'd Dick Feinberg, you're a great guy, but don't ever call him again, please.
Talk about a showstopper.
He's a great guy and a good friend in the Audi, Audi, Audi, Audi.
And means well, but oh, that call gets there.
Talk about a showstopper.
Talk about stopping your mo-
Talk about stopping your mo-
Oh, that's a mo-
And what am I going to do?
I'm not going to hang up on him because he's a good guy and a great friend and he meant well in the Audi Audi.
And he's got the bad line and he knows how to use it.
Giving your home number and then he won't have to call it.
He's got my home number and if he doesn't have it, he can have it anytime he wants it.
Because that's, we could have had that conversation off the year and we could probably have like four times the audience left after he finally, I mean, we went from exuberance and the phone's smoking and just ringing off the hook to like, oh my god, the, like a death knell.
I hope he's not listening right now because he'll feel bad about that.
I know he didn't intend that, you know.
Right.
I mean, you want to start talking about Upstate New York and Harness Racing.
Oh, oh, geez.
WQAM, hello.
Granted, it's you.
56670560.
Come on, let's get this phone cranking today, man.
We're really kicking it ancient style today.
Can't you feel it?
Mm, I can smell it.
We got 1015 on the pole, a thousand fifteen vote on a really crappy pole.
I think we're making a little bit of a comeback in spite of that lead-in.
I mean, so what are they going off?
Well, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have put you on the spotlight.
What?
I was just, I was just thinking out loud, you know, about that morning show and how long it's been.
Yeah.
Of course, Friday, the numbers come out to book.
Won't that be something, huh?
It'll be something one way or another.
It'll be something.
I can't say we're done in the air.
Against the past.
The past could be, the past could be stupendous or sensational or some other word that begins with an S.
WQAM, hello.
So, God.
Yes.
This is Hawaii Brown.
I'm calling from the Philippines.
This thing on the internet.
It's awesome.
It is, huh?
You're in the Philippines?
I am in the Philippines.
Stay with the city.
I'll be damned.
Yeah.
I've been here for five weeks.
I'll be here for three more than going back to Hawaii.
So, that's home now.
I got out of South Florida about three years ago.
You know, I'm going to South Florida and home in Hawaii now.
Jesus, what a lucky stiff you are, man.
People are...
I know.
It was one of the polls you did that partly inspired me.
They said, where would you live if you could go anywhere in the world and Hawaii won by a while?
Where did Hawaii steal all the money to be able to afford to live in Hawaii?
Isn't it prohibitive expensive to live there?
I told your car vet.
That would be it, yeah.
Yeah, help me out.
Yeah, I did all right up my house in Florida.
Yeah.
And so, yeah, we're kind of taking it easy there in Hawaii and I think in about a year or so we're going to be living here in the Philippines permanent.
Oh.
I was all in the food for a four-minute.
Yeah.
Well, good luck to you, pal.
You can't call us again when you get to oxygen in.
In the summer, who is gasping for oxygen?
Well, it was in the Philippines.
Oh.
2021 votes on the pool.
Man, life is a sweet.
Things are really moving along.
And I think next Thursday, I mean, I want to maybe double check that schedule next Thursday we get out and here at 11.30.
Really?
I don't think any of you ever done that?
I don't know.
I want to have show.
I mean, I mean, is it really worth my while coming in for that?
You bet.
Coming in for that, coming all over the home.
Very important.
Coming out of my bathroom.
Coming out of my kitchen.
Making all the way to this little studio.
Out of your coffin.
Out of your crypt.
That's right.
WDQYM, hello.
What's the bomb on?
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
Well, he hangs up on me.
Wow.
I said, nobody hangs up on me.
He showed you.
He showed me a thing or two.
The first one was his leg bone.
And then his brain, which looks just like the same thing.
Same place, same thing.
1027 on the pool.
Don't forget we have the mad dog.
So what was the, maybe Chris heard some of the scuttle butt about the draft where we like
sucking up and making excuses.
I did hear the early, now, manage made a really good point yesterday.
And that is from the marketing standpoint.
He was asking Curtis, which the two of them, by the way, are a little bit too close for my, I get uncomfortable, you know?
Even being the old fact that I am.
It sounds a little bit too insustuous those two.
But he was asking the captain Curtis about the marketing thing and don't they ever take that into consideration
when they make their draft picks and the 10,000 Brady Quinn t-shirts would have been sold already.
And people would have been knocking the doors down to buy all that paraphernalia.
And it would have been a marketing cool had they signed Brady Quinn.
Don't they take that into consideration?
And they both agreed and know they don't, which is probably not a really smart idea.
But then again, we trust them because they know not what they do.
Rydians, dumb ass jerks.
We know the time of the cuteness.
We know the time of the cuteness.
We know the time of the cuteness.
We know the time of the party right now.
The Nazi whistle-cool from the G.O.P.
Who's this foreign fool who has the Neo-Kan's cheek?
Who's a minister in the street executive in the big heat?
And sent up all that fire till he knocked out from the heat?
We know the time of the cuteness.
Absolutely.
We know the time of the cuteness.
Here.
We know the time of the cuteness.
You parents.
We know the time of the cuteness.
We know it's a pizza, but you were then found to destroy on all those days.
No one's following him.
They don't want any way.
And then the threats don't go back.
They might be 60 fools.
It's hoping those are following those and make friends not all.
We don't let time go, we call it a machine.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go, we don't feel it.
We don't let time go, we don't feel it.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go, we don't let time go.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go.
We don't let time go, we don't let time go.
Even Gelly's getting upset about that vote.
Boy, that Gelly, calm him down.
Okay, calm him down.
Maybe his voice will drop an octave or two, just embarrassing.
Level 32, 28 till a noon.
So speaking of movies, why is it?
And you told me this before, and that is that anybody
under the age of 100 will watch network for the first time.
Like I turned our close personal friend Ricky on the network
and he watched it and he enjoyed it.
And he said the first half of it was really slow.
Yeah.
It dragged.
And then he said,
He said that.
But he enjoyed it.
Unlike Josh Cortes who fell asleep or whatever in the middle of it.
And I mean his attitude about it was unacceptable.
Listen to me, television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets, turn them off,
right in the middle of the scene.
Have chosen you to preach this, Mr. Bill.
Why me?
Because you're on television, dummy.
I'm not on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I'm on television.
I've been living in 1782 and here it is 2007 and we've lived
through the age of BS news.
You know the Channel 7 thing.
All the history of her bleeds it leads and all the historical bull crap.
You know when a Rikki Taiki sans says in the world about the celebrity gossip crap.
You know he was a person,
he thought world war won over him.
Patty Traskin. He also wrote and did the hospital. Would George E. Scott, do you ever see that?
Yes I did. That's another great movie. There's another recommendation for you.
Ricky says to me the pusher parts 1 and 2 and it sounds familiar but I haven't googled it.
I haven't, I am defeated. Is that a good movie? The one that?
The pusher. I don't think I've seen it. If you like her pusher. Sure.
Off the edge of her cliff. Okay. What was that movie that Matt Dillon was in?
A kiss and a robber dying. A kiss and a robber dying.
A kiss and a robber dying. Boy you're good on that one every time I bring that up.
The original was with Robert Ragnar when he was young and looked really, really, I mean really good.
I mean but yeah, of course now he's old and foolish. Like some of us.
And then the sequel was Matt Dillon wasn't it?
Correct. And Charlie. And I'm not a big Matt Dillon fan. The two movies he was in wasn't it drugstore cowboy?
Right. It was very good. And a kiss before Dillon was very good.
Other than that crash? Oh, and crash. Yeah.
How could I forget crash? It wasn't good in there. Everybody was good in there.
Everybody was good in there. That movie. And then we get these idiots. How could you recommend crash?
We got one movie. We got one in it. No, we've had a few of these guys.
I remember one. The same voice as contrary to everything he's saying.
It is. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Simple to the man. Your taste is in your tush.
Anybody that didn't like crash. I might just watch it again sometime this week just out of protest.
I'm a list crash. Former CIA analyst claims that falsified documents which were meant to show that a rack Sodom with Satan's regime had been tried to procure yellow cake uranium from night in these years.
Oh, I almost said it can be traced back to vice president Dick Cheney. Oh, no, what a concept.
As Dennis Cassini would say, impede his fat ass now.
Appearing on MSNBC's Tucker Carlson show, Ray McCoverne was served in the CIA for 27 years said the forged memo leads right back to the doorstep of the vice president of the USA.
According to McCoverne, former CIA director George Tenant told his coterie of malleable managers of the CIA to create a national intelligence estimate to the terms of reference of Dick Cheney's speech of August 26, 2002,
where Cheney said for the first time Sodom was saying could have nuclear weapon in a year. He's got all kinds of chemicals, got all kinds of biological weapons and Cheney of course all kinds of lies.
McCoverne will one time tear national intelligence estimates and prepare the president's daily brief also claimed to have evidence that the memo leads directly back to Cheney,
but he wouldn't say what it was except that the names of the people involved were in the public domain.
In the op-ed posted buzz flash, McCoverne argues if any good can come out of the intelligence policy debacle regarding Iraq, it would be the clear lesson that intelligence crafted to dovetail with the pretelitions of policy makers can bring disaster.
The role that Tenant McLaughlin and their small coterie of malleable managers played as willing accomplices and the corruption of intelligence has made a mockery of the verse chiseled into the marvel that the inference to the CIA headquarters, you will know the truth and the truth will set you free.
McCoverne also calls Tenant a pathetic figure who is trying to justify himself or unjustifiable activity.
Tenant is new book claims that the Bush administration distorted his use of the term slam dunk and reference to intelligence and all of them related to the Iraq war.
It's one thing about all these guys, Richard Clark, Paul O'Neill, George Tenant, why they were in office, why they were part of the administration, they kept their mouth shut man, and then all of a sudden they decided after we were to write a book.
You know what I mean?
When it is too late, when the horse was out of the barn baby, Katie bar the door, that's another stupid old expression, Katie bar the first of all who the hell is Katie and bar what door, you know what I mean?
Maybe it's the door of the bar.
Katie bar the door my ass.
1551 votes, we say these things and we hear these things and just you repeat them by wrote. Remember Carl wrote who played soccer actually once upon a time.
Carl wrote. I think that was the, I'm trying to confuse now. Was that the father that played for the giants on the team with Frank if it was on Carl wrote and then some was the soccer player.
Chris on note that he's a big soccer fan, not.
Huh?
You better get with your soccer mister because I'm going to tell you if my buddy ever comes to town. What's his name, the great soccer player, the greatest one in the world?
Not David Beckham.
He's a hard guy.
Raj, Paley, Mark, John, Luke.
He start with that gracious stuff again.
John, look, how about Matthew? That sounds good.
105, 9 and a poll. Now what, what's the goal on the pool? You think we can do another 13 today? Wow. Wouldn't that, wouldn't that be something?
I don't think so.
I did.
Huh? No, I will say in 1250 would be nice.
We're going to write that down. So you don't know from pusher, am I going to have to look that up during the break?
That is correct. I don't know for that.
Well, I mean, I'm getting a high recommendations on that.
At least from Ricky anyway, heavy duty says pusher one, pusher two, pusher down the flow.
Push her over.
Push her over.
Push her over.
I'll push her over.
Careful. Why isn't that the holiday we just had? We had Easter and a pusher over.
Oh, you silly people out there with your muscles and with your Easter eggs and with your Easter bunnies.
Oh, like I said, enjoy life, baby, because if you get bogged down in the, in the mung of the universe and the mung of the earth,
you're going to get really depressed.
You're going to ask yourself, what the hell is going on here, man? What, what are these crazy people acting so crazy about?
What are they saying? What are they spending all their time and energy and money on besides hate and death, destruction, stuff like that, all of these things?
All of these things.
Give me that good old time religion, baby. What do you say? Let's have our own, I think that's what we ought to do after I signed my extension for another 10 years.
The Neal Rogers Church of the Year. We can make some real good, everybody said, we're going to spend a couple of pennies.
Yeah, we'll give you a cut, you know, just like in Godfather, we're three when they were sitting there on the roof in Havana.
On the roof of that casino and Hyman Roth says a piece for the, so on.
So I wish I could remember the names. I wish I remember that speech. It was very good.
That was the only time in the whole movie that he was really good.
What was the actor's name?
Cristiano Ronaldo, by the way, is the soccer player. See, when you get this, what do you remember?
Cristiano Ronaldo.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to remember that.
I got news for you. I remember him, not the name. I remember the face, the face and the place in his space.
Hey, Cristiano, now you're starting to get the drift of it.
He's supposed to be another greatest soccer player in the world, so they say, does he play for Ray Al Madrid?
It's your people, maybe. It's your ancestors. Are they?
Your cutalons or whatever they are. I don't know what they are.
Is they a fan? They speak with a lift by all that. They're a kid.
They can. They heard me. They can. Now it was the same before that that I was forgetting about.
Oh, the actor that played from the actor studio. He's dead now.
James Whitlamon, huh?
Straspert, least rastper. Very good. He's dead.
That was God's punishment. The saddest thing is that E.I. Walker is still alive. He ate ten more of those canole and he's still alive.
Faster.
Oh, the only one. Kid Pani.
Oh, he was just a.
I thought we could reason together.
Yeah, I know that you like to argue with me about that movie about how grotesque and you're right.
I mean, it's just sad because it could have been done well and the message was the story was really great.
Right. Well, that makes it even worse because it was like wasted. Nobody's going to pay any attention to it.
Yeah, I don't know where he's going to watch it, yeah, I'm just kidding.
19 to the moon already. Holy cow, time is the flight. Sometimes I feel like time is passing us by, you know?
The light is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rodgers.
He's bad and he's mad.
James Brown is Agent double O soul in license to chill.
James Brown faces his greatest illnesses yet.
The South Carolina correctional system.
Watch the godfather of soul sidestepia forings with his good foot dance.
The South Carolina maximum security pin is no match for James Brown's sex machine.
You'll be shaken not stirred by James Brown, Agent double O soul in license to chill.
And pick up these classics in a video store near you.
James Brown in Dr. Yo and soul finger.
Then you know what Yo spells backward.
Boy, 1146, 14, the Lunar QY and we have Mad Dog coming up with two and more Brady Quinn excuses.
I don't know. He did make a very good point yesterday about the marketing thing, you know?
But I guess they don't pay any attention to those kinds of things.
Marketing, putting asses in the seats, whipping up a excitement, you know?
Let me ask Chris this question.
Do you think that the town is excited about Ted Ginn Jr.?
Are we going to talk?
Huh?
Not yet, no.
No, that wasn't not yet.
I'm asking you now.
I don't think they are, but well, there you go.
Come with me.
They would definitely be a Quinn or a 7 plus baby excited about Brady Quinn, the mighty Quinn.
Your bet your sweet ass they would be, Mr. Let me turn it over right now.
They'd be jumping up and down. They'd like Ruffle still skin and heat.
And if in two years he was a flop, they would be saying they would say well.
They'd say well, you know, well so big deal, but in the meantime they'd show a lot of crap.
And why wouldn't you keep insisting he's going to be a flop?
I'm telling you he wouldn't have been a flop.
Flop on this.
You would know this because...
Because I watched him play a lot, those Notre Dame games, man, and believe me, the pain in my brain
from watching Notre Dame play.
Not only do I despise Notre Dame, I don't want to see their games.
To show you how far missing the churches, they're the only college team that's got their own network.
Am I right? Doesn't NBC do all the Notre Dame games?
That was the correct.
That is correct.
And that's because the Pope put in the fix, that's why.
Because the Pope paid off the peacock, that's why NBC does all the Notre Dame games.
Does Michigan State have its own network?
Michigan? Well, how is State?
USC?
UCLA?
University of Rochester?
Buffalo?
Tic-to-Waga?
No.
But Notre Dame, they've got to have their own freaking network there in South Bend.
Touchdown Jesus, yeah.
Touchdown Jesus, my ass, okay?
All this jeep on Christ?
Yeah, screw him.
Slots and stadium in tax bill mix.
Now, this is from the heralds, so there might be a little bit of truth in it, you never know.
The Florida House of Representatives, which has consistently killed efforts to expand gambling in the States,
suddenly resurrected a committee yesterday for just one vote
to allow slot machines at 10 race tracks and high life rentals, including four in Dade County.
Oh my God.
Oh, the sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
Where's bad ass jet bush when we need him?
Come on East to come on East.
Oh, great.
Let's get on those no speaking any of the stations right away and make sure we put in the caboch on this.
These stated rationale for the change of mind.
Tax revenue from gambling would help cut property taxes.
All right.
The other less public reason, a stadium for the Florida Marlins.
The deal would work like this, it says.
The House hates gambling but wants to give a $60 million subsidy to the Marlins to build a retractable roof stadium.
The Senate doesn't care for the Marlins stadium but is already voted to allow permuchils throughout the state to put in slot machines.
So each chamber would hold its nose to passability dislikes to get something that it badly wants.
House leaders and ideas do that as any direct link between the gambling building the Marlins measure,
but the sponsors are hopeful that since the gambling money would be steered to property tax cuts, both will survive.
It appears to me that there's a desire and a part of leaders of both chambers to give each issue of votes that the Senator Steve Geller,
they send a Democratic leader in sponsor of the slots fill.
He added that the extra revenue from gaming would make the cost of the Marlins bill to a million year for 30 years easier to stomach.
You hold your nose, you look the other way and you puke your guts out.
You start gagging like that.
The House sponsor represented David Rivera-Mimey Republican said he'd be appreciative of his push to bring the gambling bill to a vote.
He said that the Senate vote on the Marlins.
And Senator Republican leader Dan Webster, a Winter Garden Republican who last week filed that the Marlins bill won't come to a vote in his chamber,
gave Monday a non-committal, we'll see.
We'll see.
Come see, come see.
Manza-Manza.
Were you in Manza?
No, the proposal would allow color race track, flag-root dog track, Mimey Highlight, highly erased scores, and six other permuchils around the state to offer slot machines.
Ah, known in Tallahassee, Parliament says, video lottery terminals without getting voted approval.
Highlight would first have to be applied for its racing license.
Oh, job-renity, where are we now that we don't need you no more? Go away, job-renity.
Put the palm trees back up and get...
There were shoulder flamingos on there, David.
What was that I was watching about? Something about South Florida?
Mmm, there were shoulder flamingos in Highlight and I thought to myself, the flamingos are so lonely there, you know?
The machines also called class two or bingo-style terminals are identical, the one that was not used by the Seminole and Micah-Sucky Indians at their casinos.
They looked like Vegas-style slots, but produced lower payouts because players nested in sped against each other and out against the house.
In other words, there's a word that describes those slot machines, air-zots.
The House Environment and Natural Resources Council approved the bill 13-1, an extraordinary late session meeting, convened specially to pass the bill before a friendly committee.
The estimated $1 billion that would be raised from these nine facilities would be sent to school districts across the state, which would then have to reduce property taxes, love it to pay for schools.
If the plan is approved, taxpayers could see savings about 10-20% of the schools portion of their property tax bill. What's not to like?
It's a tax cut, said the council's chairman, representative Stan Mayfield, the Bureau of Beater Republican, governor Charlie Gaye.
The Christ, said Monday, she's been told of the House proposal, but is withholding judgment till she sees final version of the bill.
I want the legislature to finish his job, she said, then our lawyers will review the bill will take a position.
Oh yeah, wouldn't be the first time governor Christ took a position, you know what I mean? Gay.
Yeah, you know what position I'm talking about.
No, what, tell me.
Well, use your imagination.
It was just my imagination.
The deal was loaded with political curveballs, House Speaker Marco Rubio, who used to look pretty damn good if he asked me,
said he personally will vote against any bill to expand gambling, but he won't stand the way of letting it pass through his chamber.
Senate president Ken Pruitt is probably pushing for the passage of the slot machines bill, and it said he won't stand the way of a bill to assist the Marlins.
It's a little teet for tat.
See, I have to change that first word there because we sure as I'll can't say that.
And my friend who's one of Rubio's closest lieutenants personally supports gambling and is being courted by a dead gambling interest.
You want to conduct a voter referendum next year to bring Vegas to our slot machines to counter-fair rituals next year,
which they should have done when Broward did it a million moons ago, except for the fact that your fat ass governor came down there and talked all the Julio's devoting against it because the world would come to an end if we had those one-armed bandits,
slot machines gambling is evil, but it would be put about.
Yeah, right.
You're evil, Jeb.
You fat ass loser phony.
But the conservative house is hostile territory for gambling measures. There's no guarantee the slots bill will pass.
It says here.
A more routine bill that loosens slots regulations of barreds for mutuals by expanding the number of hours of operation slot machines and allowing them to put ATMs in their property barely passed a vote on Monday, 61-52.
Referred said the vote sent a signal that his bill will have trouble. It certainly has challenges, he said.
There's no assurance that Senate will agree with the House proposal. The Senate version would allow all 25 paramutrials in the state to expand a class two slots and generate an estimated 1.9 billion tax revenue a year.
The House plan limits the new slots games to paramutrials and counties with populations of over 800,000 or within 40 miles of existing casino operated by the engines.
The bill prohibits Broward County of paramutrials for offering the machines, unless they give up the Vegas stock class three gaming devices they now use, which there are two chances of that happening much, much less than none, and infinity minus.
Some legislators complain Monday the issue was rushed through. I just found out about this. It represented Rich Florioso of Plant City Republican.
I don't like this bill, but I'm going to let it go to the floor because I don't believe in anything this large of this magnitude needs to be decided by he believes it, the entire chamber.
But a beep bit of a loop bit about. And as usual Florida, they continue to dig in and drag in their heels. Can't do it right. They got to do it the Florida way, man. They got to do it all screwed up.
Not the right way. The Florida F and way screwed up big time. It's the only way they know how in Florida. And you want to know why?
I'll tell you why without even asking because Florida basically is that's it. Ever been over to queer water? Ever been to the leaves?
Ever been to, huh? No. Well good. Ever been to Temple Terrace? I've been to Temple.
That's about my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my,
my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres to live my life.
heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me, heres me.
How, how, how do you know you say you were my brother, full? heres me, heres me? character.
What are you talking about?
I cast a lot of tickets on old Franco here from Flushing Michigan, baby.
Flushing Michigan is like when you go to Woodbuy. That's what you're doing with your money. Flushing down the turret.
They do have nice turrets so there was.
Thousand ninety votes on our very marginal pool. Do I really want to read this result or not? I don't know.
I just... You can always tell that you don't like the pool and you don't want to read the result.
You have to motivate yourself. And in this case, I think I'll pass.
This is very quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour.
Back them.
Oh!
I'm great. Now. I want some wood.
You ain't too golden quite like gravy.
These are football. They are too.
Oh!
Absolutely.
I want to hear people want to play. But there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen if I want to see them grab the balls?
Yes.
So baby, wow. Look at that kid. You ain't see golden quite like gravy.
I gotta hide them to the screen that helps me see his balls.
I can do a lot of wanna but I ain't gonna never get none.
No need days of a business school. Okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna move a little family at least until the age 28.
I'm great. Now. I want some wood.
You ain't see golden quite like gravy.
Oh!
Baby wow. Look at that kid.
You ain't see golden quite like gravy.
Okay, what do we got? We got 1100 votes on there or what?
The Chris, what does it say? It says 1102.
It's 1102.
And what did I say we needed today?
We're gonna get. You said 1250.
I think we can do 13.
What do you think George? Can we go for 13 today?
What do you say?
Yes, yes!
All right, let's go for 13.
We don't get it then Chris loses his job.
What?
Out.
You know, if his face was capable of changing expression, he might have actually looked sad there.
I think during this next break I'm gonna make me some lunch.
Okay.
I'm gonna make me a couple of nice weeners I got.
The ones that are not loaded with nitrates and nitrites and cancer causing himvels
and all of these horrible things.
1102 on the pool if you know what the pool is, too bad because I'm not gonna read it for a long time.
Maybe till the end of the show. I don't like it.
Well, if you don't like it, why did you put it on there?
You know something? Can I give you an honest answer?
Okay, because you wanted to?
No, because I'm lazy.
Oh, there's always toward the top of the pile of poles I got here.
Seriously, you know how many poles you faxed me from Charlie B and from other people,
but mostly from him all the time.
Well, now here's an interesting, let's see.
This is a pull I found in the middle of my pile.
It's not from Charlie B. It's from some other goofful.
It says, how would you describe your sexual orientation on a scale from 1 to 6,
where 1 is completely straight and 6 is completely, it says full on straight.
Well, what is full on?
Completely straight and 6 is full on straight.
We vote those of us who are straight call that straight.
Oh, are we going to do this again?
Or you would say, there's such thing as straight people.
Ah, I can't stand it.
I know, it's a switchful thing.
I was just reading the poll.
I know, I don't care what you think about it.
What does that mean?
Full on 9.
I'm not interested.
I don't ask, okay?
I'm not interested.
What number they are on a scale?
The only number I care about is what number they are on my own personal Richter scale.
That's the number I care about.
If I see a good number, I'll ride.
I'm a perfect.
That's all.
I'm proud of it.
Then they got 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
It varies by the day, it varies by the hour.
I'm not really sure.
I'm a sexual, a.
I'm a Catholic priest or none.
Well, that's, you know, so we know it's a 6.
Or I hate this poll.
No, we don't do.
I hate this poll, no more.
Well, anyway, that was just in the middle of the pile.
The Florida legislature today changed the state's 34-year-old rental laws
to allow thousands of dollars in new penalties against renders
who break their leases, giving landlords changes they've been seeking for three years.
Renders who break the...
And of course, in a transient place like South Florida people don't break their lease through, eh, George?
I don't think so.
The hell they don't.
They don't?
The hell they don't.
I don't...
Well, you don't because you're, you know, you're an offstanding guy.
That's right.
And a sucker.
That's right.
Renders who break their leases will pay a penalty equal to two months rent face additional cost
equal to another month to back any concession such as a free month to pay back.
But the two month rent penalty would not apply...
would apply not only the tenants who lead midway through a rental contract,
but those who don't give proper 60-day written notice to not renewing their leases,
well, excuse me.
With virtually no debate votes on the new penalties were overwhelming
with the Senate unanimously approving the changes and the House by vote of 111 to 14.
Now the bill goes to Governor Charlie Gay.
Hey, Chris, hey Charlie, you're fairly.
The new rules would not apply to current rental leases only leases that begin after
miss Chris signs of legislation law would be subject to increased penalties.
Also, so what does that mean, you know?
That means that all you people that are already renting you can screw over your land.
Lord, and have you and laugh your ass off.
That's what that means.
Is that what it sounds like it means to you?
Sure.
Under current law landlords can only charge renters who break their leases for the time it takes
to find a new tenant, but they can't overlap payments re-frute to buy consumer advocates
as double rent.
The legislature changes allow landlords to collect thousands in penalties,
even if they got another tenant already moving immediately if not soon or well.
How do you like that?
It's called double dripping, dripping.
1160 on a pool.
Let's save Chris's job.
Let's get that 1300 by 2 o'clock today.
What do you say?
Let's see how much the audience selects you, Chris.
This is like a referendum on your popularity.
Should I start packing now?
Packing.
Backed them.
Packing what?
1160 in a pistol.
1160 is what we got right now.
I'll tell you the pool, even see the substance of it in a lot of days like today doesn't make any difference.
It's a stupid, it's a crappy pool.
But it's the numbers, baby.
That's what it's all about.
Those numbers.
Q-I-N, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think it was bad.
What?
I think crash, the movie was bad.
Are they just trying to cram too many little stories as to one movie and it just kind of got like,
so a 6-year-old can understand the feeling, you know.
And what was the theme?
Well, the whole racial thing about assuming things about people,
like everything a little conversation has to do with it.
So what was wrong with that?
It was just too obvious.
It's an excellent point by the way.
It's an outstanding point.
It's a very true point.
Maybe you can handle that.
It was just a little too obvious.
It's a taste blow as man.
That's all I can tell you.
It's a little too long and it was a 6-year-old.
See, it didn't like it.
We don't really care what they liked there now.
Anybody with a brain who saw crash thought it was out-effing standing.
Read my stupid ass old craggy lips.
Crash is a great movie.
Period.
Every story.
It would be like having an argument about the Godfather.
It's the same thing.
I'm not saying it's as good as the Godfather, but it's...
That's correct.
But it's certainly in the top 5 million.
What is this guy talking about?
It's no reincarnation of Peter Proud.
But that was it.
Yeah.
Crash was fine.
And all the acting performed.
I think he doesn't like it.
Same reason, they're not upset about Brady Quinn.
Too pretty.
He doesn't like what's his name.
My boy was Ryan Felipe.
Philippe, who used to be Ryan Felipe.
That's why he don't like it.
Because that pretty boy was in there.
They hate pretty boys.
And you wonder why the guys inside Florida hate pretty boys?
Because they're jealous.
Do you think there's one guy listening to me right now
who doesn't wish that he was Brady Quinn?
Do you think there's anybody?
I'll take it.
What about you, Chris?
Would you like to be Brady Quinn right now?
Yeah, sure.
I wonder.
I'll go into Cleveland, isn't all that.
It's cracked up to me.
But nevertheless, WQI am hello.
Hey, Neil, I'm L.I.
OK, sir.
Actually, I wanted to call earlier when you were talking about Crash.
And I actually enjoyed the movie very much, only for one.
So I need to get it again.
But you said Matt Damon had a pardon?
Matt Dylan.
Oh.
Matt Dylan.
Matt Damon.
What's that?
Matt Damon.
What's that?
Matt Dylan.
Matt Damon.
Not that one, that one.
I got to.
I got to.
Anyway, you want it for you.
Bye-bye.
OK.
Not Matt Damon.
He was in the town of Mr. Ripley.
No, Matt Damon was in it because there was no character that he could play, you know?
Although he was good.
I'll give him credit, though.
What's that series of movies that he's in?
Don't tell me where he's the.
What is it?
The Bourne Identity?
Correct.
The Bourne List, the Bourne Atthay, the Bourne Again Christian.
Bourne.
Yeah, those are good movies, the Bourne.
I think I've seen him all.
What out of the rest of them ain't bad?
What does that mean?
I like the Bourne Identity, but the rest of them were kind of weak.
Maybe that's the only one I've seen.
It's in the other room now.
Maybe I'll put it on right now, watch the truth.
Well, it's like this too.
So far.
Just to be sure.
Well, whatever.
OK, he does a good job in there.
It doesn't play some faggot, OK?
There are a few people.
And didn't he just get married to some hot chick?
I mean, that looks pretty good.
I'm not saying I believe it, but he got married.
They married him off.
All those stories about him and Ben Affleck.
Come on.
Does anybody believe that?
Dominic QA and Hello.
Hi.
Two calls back.
He got some guy on the air that said he hated crash or whatever.
Yeah.
I told him what he was talking about.
That was the funniest movie I'd seen all year in 2004.
Yeah.
Dominic QA and Hello.
Did he just get married?
He ate me out here at the good news about the James B. Kennedy.
No.
Well, he is giving up his lobbying firm, the Center for Creationist, Government or whatever it was.
Yeah.
And well, he's recovering from the heart attack and Michigan.
Well, that's a big thing.
Well, that's a big thing.
Well, that's a good news, like I said.
OK, thanks for the good news, sir.
See, God smoked him, baby.
They said, you phony baloney, you virulent anti-semite, you hate monger, you homophob, you piece of right wing phony baloney religious money grabbing turd.
You and he smote him.
Whatever that means.
Doesn't God always smiting and smoting?
He likes to smite.
And spite, he likes to smite and spite out of spite.
Yeah.
Statistics bastard.
125 votes on the poor, by the way.
Chris's job, his life depends on this man.
We got to get to 1200 by one.
Then we got a shot for 13.
Am I at least right about that?
Don't you have to get to 12 before you get to 13?
Even Danny Boy can count that.
Lock solid.
You're gay.
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all.
Zidafack.
Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you more than you'd expect.
Zidafack.
Isn't it time you experienced Zidafack?
He caused lots of blood, lots of hearing, lots of virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence, imprisonment, shrinkage of the genitals, enlargement of the genitals, softening of the brain, softening of the stool, loose stools, barstools, toadstools, huge, free historic vats, sweeping out of the sky, eating your dog.
Helotosis, honeyberry, berry, berry, mannalo, recto-bleeding, rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth, cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death.
Zidafack is perfect for everyone.
Not intended for women who are pregnant.
Women who are met.
Men who are pregnant, children with dogs, children with dogs who are pregnant, the elderly, the young, kitty cats, Steve Perry, tadpoles, tadpoles who are pregnant and pregnant, and pregnant, pauses.
In just fingers like beef.
Ask your doctor, a pharmacist, about Zidafack's, and find out if it's responsible for the mysterious, postulate growth under your left arm pit.
Which reminds me that I just went to the kitchen, in fact it's in the flavorway right now, my lunch.
Oh, my lunch.
And I put a wiener on there, you know?
Yeah, beef wiener.
And I took it out of the package and it had like a genital wart on it.
A growth under your armpit?
No, I'm on the wiener.
Oh, I see.
And it kind of like took me a back for a second there.
Like before I, before I looked it up, you know, how you looked up the top of the, um, flavorway, and you just slip whatever.
And I, you know, I bit that thing off of there before I put it in the, uh, in the thing.
I don't want to cook it.
You don't want to cook a genital wart.
No, no, you don't.
So anyway, as soon as I hear that, whoop, beep that, beep, beep, from the, uh, then I'm going to get up out of here and then you can like play your music for a second.
Okay.
Well, no, because I got my plate ready.
I sliced up a few onions.
I got my French's mustard here.
Now, you don't just like French's do you?
Is that made by craft?
I'm sure it's not.
I don't know.
They're fine.
Well, let's see what happens.
Well, the craft makes everything.
No, they do not make French's must-mouse mustard.
Good.
Okay.
All right.
There's one.
Jesus, it's Frenchfoods.com.
Okay.
It's got nothing to do with craft or craft or anything like that.
Thank God.
That or a fact, imported by a record banker at Canada,
a tomato Ontario, eh?
Well, good.
At least it didn't come from like Bangladesh or something.
Eighteenth world place like that or like Connecticut.
1138 on a pool.
They're coming in and chumps for you now.
Chris, I think they're going to come through for you.
Or maybe not.
We'll see.
Huh?
We'll see.
Chris Dillor.
It's the oldest, uh, court of semi-anemail.
He said he's all ready to come back in and take over again.
If you don't get to 13, I'm going to be 1138.
Well, let's do the math on this.
And I hate that expression.
Like, so, uh, push or we didn't see, huh?
How about Chris?
Did you see pusher?
Yeah.
Now, keep forgetting the IMDb.
Well, I got to get that wiener out of there.
So we got 60 and 42 is 102 minutes.
And we get 162.
Oh, we should be able to do that.
That's less than to the usual ratio is if it's less than two
a minute, we can do it on this show.
And of course, this audience, you know,
which I noticed they're not calling now, which is probably a really good sign.
Well, Crash was the funniest movie.
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Yeah.
Crash and burn, that's what we say to you.
Okay, Crash and burn, you lunatics, you losers, you sad excuses.
You know, could there possibly be any place more parochial in the face of the earth than soft Florida?
There is a haven't been there.
That's the thing that kills me.
And we keep hearing about, well, it's a melting pot.
It's all these people from all these other places.
Well, that's the amazing part of it is because I guess they forgot where the other places works
except maybe New York, you know, because everything was better in New York.
You can have New York.
That's what I would suggest.
You know, the last time I was in New York, how many years ago that was?
I don't know, 100.
I just, it's just on on my list.
I wouldn't mind going back to Boston or Chicago or,
and I'm also not going back to Detroit for reasons that are too obvious to even mention.
You know, let's say a toilet.
Toilet.
If I'm going to the toilet, I have two of them right here in my apartment.
I have a little one and I got a big one and they're with one of those big,
the people actually ever use those, those what?
Those tubs that have got the, what do you call those?
The jets, the bidet.
No, not a bidet, a tub.
Oh, like a real pool, like a massage kind of thing.
Yeah, not a regular pool, like, you know what I'm talking about.
Old arthritic people, so you might, I'm old, but I'm not arthritic.
Not good.
I'm doing pretty good to be honest with you.
No creaky bones.
Oh, I guess what?
A pee pee?
Okay, I'm going to do something.
Talk for a minute.
Just a second.
You're going to talk for a minute.
The hell am I going to talk about?
That's a girlfriend coming on, kid.
Pretty good.
That's good.
What about you?
I'm doing all right.
I'm going to take me to the kitchen.
It's right there.
What's wrong with you?
Are you going in the kitchen?
Yeah.
What is this called?
Semphethetic eating now?
Because I got a wiener here with a couple little slides on it.
Hey, I didn't excuse you.
You know how you fat people roll.
So one thing about fat people, we're always either eating something or drinking something.
Have you ever noticed that?
Fat people always have something in their mouth.
Well, no, it's true.
I admit it.
I've noticed that about fat people.
They're always drinking something and usually it's got sugar in it and some crap too.
It's not like a diet soda.
Now let's see how this wiener came out.
I got my mouse turned.
My island.
Man, that's good.
Let me keep playing some music.
No.
Well, why not?
Can I listen to me chew on here for crying out loud, huh?
Why not?
You can end out chewing out.
You could be adding a little something here or not.
I could, but.
Well, well, I just don't feel like it.
Why not?
I can't do it.
I can't.
I got to say.
At the moment.
You got nothing to say.
No.
I didn't prepare anything.
So in other words, unless you prepare something, you have nothing to say.
Well, I mean, I could pull something out of my arse.
I'll bet.
With a rope.
Mm-hmm.
I love the 43 queries.
How are you feeling?
You feeling confident?
Yeah, I will get it.
A little shaky.
A little nervous.
I would be.
Because if it gets, if it gets to be like about 1190, and we have about five minutes to go,
you know them well that they're going to stick it to you.
You know this crowd, don't you?
They're relentless.
Yep.
And they hate to do.
They hate everybody.
They hate each other.
They hate themselves.
In front.
They hate life.
They hate the taste of the air.
But I will say this.
The poor people come true for a song every time.
Yeah, they do.
Yeah, they do.
They do.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So good.
Yeah.
So to make all these guttable sounds like a thing on the air.
And some kind of fat slow.
They're not picking all that money to ink on the air.
You old fat baguette.
They're not picking money to ink.
You're supposed to be entertaining us.
And I'm using this.
and saving the world from itself and receiving us with wild stories.
I have visions of many things,
helping them just to lose them.
I do like that. Even with the mouthful of rena, I could do the talk up just perfect.
When I good, that was great.
Go for it. It's called Extra on a few days.
I will. For down a little.
I'm going to send him a message later today. He's one of my space friends.
Well good. You didn't know that? No, I don't look at the, you know.
Even though I'm looking right now, you don't look at what?
I haven't really spent that much time on it after the initial novelty.
I mean, I answer the messages every other day, every three days, whatever it is.
Now what about our main, on our show page here? Have you seen the comments
by the Serbian standing? No. No. No. No.
And you could click on him and take a look at him and his lovely young wife.
He's 18, I don't know how old she is. Let me do that now.
You're young, punk, huh? Let me do that now. Yeah, but too well.
As soon as I said, take a look at his wife right away, he's going to do it right now.
Right under the Howard Dean posting on there. I see where the comments are down there.
I will when it loads up. He has a wife, you know.
Hello? Mm-hmm.
Kind of a cute couple if you ask me.
Throw your swingers out there. I'm just, you know, thinking out loud.
I'm sure they're not interested, but nevertheless, I find they got on the page or what?
Yeah, by the page, it's where all of there is.
And, and I'm on his page. You click the pick, click where it says picks.
Right, that was good.
Looking for the wife.
That says, well, cute to you wife. You don't think she's cute?
Where? I don't see her. Oh, there I see that first picture.
Yeah.
She's very cute.
She's excellent. She'll do.
That's so well-heed.
She's not nearly as pretty as he is, but then again. That's not true.
Yeah. There are those situations. She's not nearly not even close to being pretty as she is.
Well, the song, of course, is usually...
He's 100 times prettier than she'll ever be.
Yeah. That's those games.
That's how to act. That's how to act.
He's in pretty good.
And why does he, and so many of those photos on there, always have his mouth open wide like that.
Well, maybe he wants to get fed, I don't know.
Let him 52 out of Paul Christmas.
The first race is to get to 1200.
We need 48 votes in 34 minutes. This hour to get to 1200.
I think you're in big trouble.
He's great, but...
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
He's a pretty good guy.
I'm going to leave.
And...
And...
And...
He's a pretty good guy.
Steve five and scream.
Retrope, five, everything's okay.
In the
USA
You know something just gone on me and it last break for the 80 million time at those marlins promos and all that all the other air time
That we take with the marlins and the panthers and this and that and after this level of the panthers seasons already over
You know how they doing the playoffs and he a plow. No
And so the fact is that we're getting rid of the marlins and the panthers and look at all the energy that was put in there you know what I mean?
And all the air time and all the way to the labors of love you all the way out. Labor is a love and labor is of losing money
Losing money like crazy like the marlins. Oh my god
And speaking of the panthers something also just gone on me
If the panthers are going to an other station after this last season just ended who's gonna be worse?
Who's gonna put him on? Is he gonna continue being the voice of the panthers? I think the team my heart is the announcers don't they Chris?
Say that one more time. I'm talking to your boy
You talking to my boy? Yeah, I need to change my heart. I'm a little boy. Drive. Hey Jackie, do you cast that check?
He said yes for that. I've told you before. He hasn't gone through on her yet. Maybe I bounced
But anyway, yeah, no problem once you go to the
The announcers aren't they selected by the teams that would be correct also
If they select him are we gonna be care that well we're not care the panther games anyway
That's my point so if another station cures the panther games maybe we can unload him
I didn't mean to put in those terms maybe we can dump his squeaky ass at the same time
Well, if he's gonna keep doing the panthers then yeah, that would happen that would happen. Oh wouldn't that be a shame?
Because I see he's on tomorrow after the early a Marlon game from
After the game until seven and then he's gonna be on again on Thursday
Goldie gets it off and's a word banquet squeaking his way to success won't that be something if you lost
Goldie Jesus got all mighty how would we survive?
Isn't it something how I can see I see a head I close my eyes and I see a head
WDQ I am hello
One note Charlie
WDQ I am hello
5 6 7 0 5 60 come on let's not be picking on Geldie now that he's gonna be moving on I guess yeah
I wonder what mold
His old sidekick would think about that probably like to kick him in the side or in a few other spots as well those two man
You talk about a great hate
They grew to hate each other every time I'd be in a building which wasn't very often
It's toward the latter stages there I've become out of the tea room and it'd be Goldie. Oh my god
I don't know how I can put up with it more of this I can't stand it out at old man
I'm just just carrying on like a moron, you know like a maniac
1172 on the pool Chris we need 28 votes this hour to get up to 12
I mean that's in 24 minutes. I think I think you might make it. Yeah, we got it
Yeah, don't get too complacent now, man. You should know this crab better than that. They feel sorry for me
He could of course a 2 a n
WQ I am hello
Neil yes, sir
How much longer are you gonna read them or say to me my Mercedes fans as long as it's on man as long as they painted to it
WQ I am hello, hey Neil. Yes, sir
WQ I am hello, yo, yo, what I do
WQ I am hello
Yes, sir, you're pushed a button and I thought we talked about that
Push
Okay, buddy. Oh, yeah
Dominic you I am hello
Neil yes, all right listen. Yes, I call you any goes. Oh, yeah
My wife's a pretty practice and I think the biggest dude on the planet. I mean, I think the guy wanted what Brady Quinn practice
No, there's no question about that. Yeah, who wouldn't want to watch in practice?
Well, depending on what he was practicing me
He was nasty
Well, congratulations. I heard I heard maddett say something yesterday about his hot girlfriend. He must he must elect her home
Later man, he's up. Yeah, there you go now there. There's one situation where George can't argue with me because you didn't see it anyway
What but if he if he's not if Brady Quinn's not a lot prettier than that blonde chick they have an claiming that she was his girlfriend
I didn't see itself. Well, I'm just even Chris would have to agree with that
Okay
Right, I'm not much attention to it. I mean, Roger Lee, you know, it's I was Roger Lee
He would have to admit to that otherwise we might have to cut off the vote right now on that poll
I
Lawned it'll be easier for you 1174. Yeah, just just pretend you agree. Okay, I just pretend you agree that that's your just attitude because there are no pretty guys
No pretty guys there's only there's only pretty woman, you know, and there's some pretty ugly pretty boys
They're pretty boys out party mouth pretty. That's right like the Serbian the stod in whatever's name is
Pretty or the kid Q. I am no she's not yes. Hello. I don't know. Okay, hey, I got a question for you
You know Paul and Ron show they extended sir hours to where they're on until now 15 15 hundred hours a day
Yeah, how does the book come out for that now? They're not in a four hour. Oh, I mean how does the book come out for that?
They've been doing that for a week for a few days
Well, yeah, but they said they signed a new contract then that's in there. So they could be on 40 hours a day and they still suck
That's my answer to you and they're still ripping off everybody else's material including mine
And they could be on 80 hours a day
It's the dumbest programming decision ever heard of in my life except of course most of the ones that are made on the station
Pretty stupid man. I do people a cheap channel good. God. Let's have Paul and Ron on from 5 30 to more until 5 in the afternoon. I'll ride
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Neil I was looking at your Wikipedia and it's just like you died yesterday. What's up? Good. Okay. Good. Dominic you weigh in. Hello
Hello, Dows. Yeah, this is my cranberry cover again
Dominic you weigh in. Hello. Neil. How you doing? Okay? I'm I don't know
I don't know if anybody wants to drive to not who knows what the heck is gonna go on
But I thought you would like to quote about because he's Mormon and I know you like Mormon and less
I
Want to work your guys from a sport
We're down in Jamaica in the care of being they got the best verb that you ever seen
Ask anybody in that table
They tell you this
A gun should be good
You'll be carry lots of herb in the gunny sack
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black
With all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid
American tourists come here and say
Got nothing like this in the USA they smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up this cliff and choke
They begin to puff and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They gun should be good
I'm not tellin' what son you are and I'm a starman
You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can
Many people coming here for miles around
A bite the earth for you by the ounce of nickname
Last command is say to her, mama you're right
They gun should be good tonight and then they smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They light up this cliff and choke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke
They gun should be good
All right, y'all man
Love an aid aid, I think Chris is gonna eat this one out
I think you're gonna squeak on through, okay?
I never really thought we'd make 13 today, did you?
I never real suck it, that's why I suck it
Love an aid aid, so we need 12 more in 13 minutes this time
I already get 1200 and you gotta get to 12 and then you like get to 13
Then you like get to 14 then you like get to first base
But I sure doubt it, not when you look at this
Short period of time
Oh my god, it is scary
Brian Ross of ABC News reported last night on a mounting scandal from the records of the so-called DC Madam
Una Prosta Tuta
Ross that made prominent DC figures can be found on listed clients for the escort service
which is emerged in the course of the Trout of its operator, Debra Jean Palfrey
It's a long list, we've been going through the phone records for the last four years provided us by Jean Palfrey
Ross report on Monday morning
There's some very prominent people, lobbyists, lawyers, members of the military, other people in the Bush administration
Not right wing hypocrites, finger pointing people, that couldn't be good at
Much of phonies
Palfrey 50W DC Madam in local media which has been arraigned in federal court on charges of operating Washington
Prostitution service for 13 years until it returned in 2006
Palfrey's denies he ran a prostitution ring her company Pamela Martin and associates
was simply a high-end adult fantasy firm which offered legal, sexual, and erotic services across the spectrum of adult sexual behavior
And it's a without incident during its 13-year tenure, she said
Boy, sounds like a lot of linguistics there to me
Offered legal, sexual, and erotic services across the spectrum of adult sexual behavior
Yeah, that's wrong with that
Nothing
Palfrey content of escort service provided university educated women who engage in legal game playing of a sexual nature
At 275 bucks an hour for 90 minutes session of Washington Post reports
Legal game playing of a sexual nature
But Palfrey has also noted that she has a record of the phone numbers of thousands of more than 10,000 customers that could
Embarrass more than a few of the US capitals high flyers
Friday the US state department announced that Randall Tobias the embellished head of the US Agency for International Development was resigning for unspecified personal reasons
However ABC Newsweek said Palfrey had provided it with a record of numbers
Of calls to his private cell phone reported that Tobias stepped on after they spoke to him about his allegedly contacting
Her number, her number
Since maybe she hooked him up with a good number
Since 2003 Tobias has also been president of Bush's first global AIDS coordinator
A job where he do criticism for his emphasis on faithfulness to partners and abstinence over common use in trying to prevent the spread of the AIDS virus
Before entering government he was chairman president and chief executive of the pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly
Oh my god a bunch of butchers if they ever wore any
Remember Thelitta Mide? Oh yeah
Babies being born with 18 heads little things like that
And also from 1997 to 2000 chairman of the board of trustees of Duke University, the Humphers on the Modern
No less
Because now we've heard links to a firm accused of prostitution have raised more than a few eyebrows
Just like that Saturday draptic by your dolphins
Raced more than a few eyebrows
But even Randy Rooney was like push a push them around
Calvary's California Home and Other Answers
Received by US Tax authorities in October
And Calvary has been trying to raise funds for her defense through an appeal on her website
Her lawyer Montgomery Blair Sibley told 5th TV last month
The statistical certainty is that there were a fair number of high profile people
Who've used this service across the government and private sector in the metropolitan DC area
And the post reported Saturday that local jitters appear to be multiplying
It's said Sibley claimed that he's been contacted in the past few days
And has been contacted by five lawyers asking whether their client's phone numbers are on Calvary's list
Of 10 to 15,000 customers from 2002 to 2006
That may have something to do with the fact that Calvary already has named her first name
Is it were on her website where she's posted a court document from April 12th
In which he alleges formal former US Navy commander Harlan Olman
Was a regular customer whom she needs to subpoenae?
Wouldn't be the first time I'm sure
With James Wade, Olman developed a military doctrine of shock and awe
Used by...
Oh, I sucks!
Used by US governance invasion of Iraq
According to one definition at a shorthand for rapid dominance based on the use of overwhelming
These decisive force, dominant maneuvers and spectacularities by Sibley's power to subdue the other side
Earlier this month, Olman told CNN
The allegations don't dignify a response and refer to any other questions to his lawyer
Shocked all my ass
Harlan, easy to do
Yeah, that's shock at all, right?
Wow
1191, you think we're going to get to 1200 by 8 minutes for 9 votes
How do we get it?
In fact, if I click that view current thing, there's the currents
Man, they're good on ice cream too, by the way
1195, you need 8 votes in 8 minutes
Where would you buy currents?
Do they sell them like in the market?
I imagine, they sell them in public
They do?
Yep, they sell currents in public?
Chris ought to know
Why would Chris know?
He's a fat eater
You used to work there?
You used to work at a public?
You're like a bag boy?
No, it's a stock one
Oh, thank God for that because I was going to say if the quality of bag boys had degenerated that little
I don't want to make a personal shock
But you know, all those public's bag boys?
Where is that fit?
It's in there
Happy anniversary from the bag boys at publics
Happy 12th anniversary, Neil!
Yeah, I'm a bag boy, my name's Jason
Right
Oh, how many years ago?
That's 19 years ago
Those guys are married with kids now
I'm not too sure about a couple
But personally, no
Well, come on, that's bad
What are you implying?
Just because the kids have high squeaky voices
Maybe he was a...
That was originally
Hopefully he only had one descendant testicle man
Where's the pitch of his voice?
Yeah, the pitch
The switch of his voice?
Don't listen to him, whoever you are
1195, whatever happened to those people by the way
You know, see, that's all in the past
1195, we'll get to 1200 by 1
That's a given
Chris, you got that
You need five votes in seven minutes
Anybody could do that
Even then a bastard could do that
I'm not sure about that
See, let me say this to you
I think we got 1352 my space friends
And they're all real people
Or at least people who pretend to be real people
We don't have any fake people
That we put on their face
He's got 70, I noticed on his website
He's got 1700 people
And I think about 800 or 900 of them are like
Thank the fake Jimmy Cifilis, fake Hank Goldberg, fake Eddie Kay, fake, but this one
Yeah, we don't have no fake boob chambie on there
We're no fake stew gods
Why would you want to have a fake stew gods
Who the hell wants the real one when he can write that away
I mean, that whole concept that amongst a little choy
It would be like Robert Creeper, General Manager of WQA
And they're like that, you know
Now, is... did Kenny finally stop saying that
Because I might actually listen to him again if he...
Or he won't say that
I'll go find somebody that knows
Robert Creeper, the Lord of the Board, the...
Oh, well, what was the other part of that?
I don't know
Robert Creeper, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board
Oh, God
As soon as I heard him say that, I said to myself
This show is doomed to fail
Kenny, with all due respect, you know
Dume to fail
Dume to a miserable death
I don't know about that, I hear rumors
Don't you hear rumors up and down the hallway
All the time
I'm thinking about that
That's about the draft set, or not about that morning show
BAM
12-01, Chris, you're on your way
Baby, you're on your way to San Jose
I think you... every day we're going to put you through this
And you know what, then you lose weight
It's called, although I don't know about you, do you do stress eating?
Not really, no, I don't think so
You know
I know, I used to, but I'm trying not to do it anymore
So I know that's good
Well, you got this great job of these
at this kind of a price, you know, at this kind of salary.
What stress could you possibly be on?
It's kind of what?
At this kind of a can.
In addition to which, you know, you can't afford, I mean,
how can you afford to overeat anyway?
Who can afford to buy the food?
Exactly.
That's why he knows how the price of currency publics.
I always thought I bought them.
I just know.
They're good for you.
They're good for you.
And they're pretty, I mean, they're the small.
So I guess if you bought like 10,000 of them,
you could make like a little bowl of them,
with like some sugar and cream would be good.
Maybe, oh, and you know what they're really good on?
Ice cream.
12.
Did I take that before?
Sure.
Yes, you did.
That's what I had in Copenhagen.
As long as I live, I don't remember how many years ago
that is.
It's about probably, oh, I don't know, 13, 14, 15 years ago.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that hotel,
that restaurant, and the blonde waiter that waited on us.
Oh my god.
But anyway.
Guy, that's a guy.
I guess you figured that out.
Yeah.
Great, Quint.
I like to shape my legs, arms, and buns,
where I listening to the Neil Rogers one and two hours.
You wanted more, and you got it.
The band's August back singing four two ways on banded scenes.
Volume two.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, number eight is back pairing up with the great singing
boy, Pig Hitch, with even more big stars.
The mad dog does them all.
Baby, everything's alright.
I'm trying to get another hit.
Oh, boy.
Oh, right.
Oh, boy.
I'm trying to get me into the fire.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
It's an all new British invasion with the mad dog singing like a man.
I like it.
I like it.
The truth is finally out that Jim Manage was truly the fifth people.
And he got to give it a little love and he's giving it a love.
Oh, the wall looks the bad.
Oh, the city.
And now your head's to stay.
You'll always say, me say, you're gonna be alright.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Here's the mad dog's ender and hutshing tribute to the king.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Now, I don't think so.
So we had Luke of Rotsie pay him a little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature would wind up on the contract.
That's some of a bitch who's cute.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
And it's him.
Baumann do available now if you will quickly.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
103 is five.
So you see that business if you move quickly, that's from the Steve Cain School of BS.
Remember those days?
Yes.
We have an open lot of people, of course, when you look at the phone, you know calls on there, but that was his way of psyching the audience into calling.
He psyched them out of here.
It's the psychological point, you know.
If you move real fast, you might get in.
And now he's, you know, born again Christian on a station that nobody knows the callators of that nobody knows where to find on the dial.
But everybody's got to make a living, baby.
Mosque 11 is they say in China.
118 votes on the pool.
1216.
Excuse me.
I don't want to exaggerate now.
I'm not trying to push in here for Chris.
1218, like I just predicted.
1218.
And I'll actually read the, I hate this pool.
An estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses, your response, question mark, confiscate their vehicles 292.
Throw their arses in jail 241 as an ass.
Throw their arses in jail 241.
What do you expect from third world drivers to 24?
I've had most of them are here in South Florida, 185.
How negative and how true.
Just shoot them, 125.
Find them and slap them on the wrist 54.
We vote their licenses permanently 51.
And I'm one of them 46.
And we're going to hunt your ass down.
All 46 here.
We're going to hunt you down all over town.
And we're going to throw you out to the middle of I-95.
In the middle of, not rush hour, like a two in the morning when everybody's going 100 mile an hour.
So what do you think Chris?
What do you think your chances are keeping your job?
You need 82 votes in 55 minutes.
We got it.
Now that's less than two minutes by far.
But nevertheless, it's still 82 votes is a long-weighted temporary baby.
And I keep 12, 20, 90, 80.
I'm almost tempted to just go, just keep refreshing that baby or keep clicking that thing between now and two o'clock.
Which you're killing a good hour.
Watch pot never boils.
I beg to give them.
What the hell is that mean?
It does burn though.
You guys with your pot.
David Korn writes, in new book, Tenant Bashes Cheney, Be Ladedly.
Should Americans have to pay to get the truth about how their government failed them?
Former CIA director George Tenant's new book is hit the bookstores for a 30 bucks.
A 30 man.
A reader can find out what really happened in that December 2002 meeting at the White House,
when Tenant used a phrase slam dunk, or what really happened with the pre-war WMD intelligence,
and how it was used to reviews by George W. Bush, Dick Cheney and others.
The usual promotional fee act rates are underway, Tenant appeared on 60 minutes on Sunday,
and CBS had already released some choice tidbits of that interview.
Meanwhile, the New York Times last week got a copy of the under wraps book,
and reported some bits of disclosure, news flashed Cheney pushed the nation to war
without ever seriously examining the threat posed by Iraq.
All of this was making Tenant the man who was in charge of intelligence establishment
that failed the country before 9-11, and that then produced an intelligence estimate
that vastly overstated the WMD threat posed by Iraq.
A rich fellow, he reportedly begged millions of dollars for writing this book.
Oh, gag me with a spoon.
But here's an out-of-the-box question.
Don't the citizens of the West deserve to know what happened in the run-up to the war
and to 9-11, and for free?
Tenant may feel as he claims, damn lousy, about the screwed-up national intelligence
system that helped pave the way to the war in Iraq.
We didn't feel bad enough to resign, or did it as close earlier what had gone wrong.
He sat on the story, and now he's peddling it for personal profit.
To which I would say...
Absolutely correct sir.
Tenant should have long ago been questioned openly by a congressional committee about all of this,
though no Republican committee, chair would have dared, or should they have spilled all to 60 minutes
and other media as a public service, not as an ed for his book.
On Friday, Representative Henry Waxman, chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee,
sent head of letter asking him to testify before his committee on May 10th,
regarding one of the claims used to justify the war in Iraq.
The assertion that Iraq sought to import uranium from Niger and related issues.
Let's hope Tenant can take time from the book tour to appear.
Tenant's a smart guy who saw much, and he was screwed by the White House,
even though he did fail to make sure the intelligence on Iraq was properly vetted and responsibly used.
But if Tenant indeed believed before the invasion of Iraq, the Bush and Cheney were pushing the nation
to war with the adequately assessing the threat, or assessing options other than a full-scale war,
he had an obligation at the time to make that known.
At least to members of Congress, if not the public at large, he didn't do so.
Consequently, he was the public a full accounting and apology, not a sales campaign.
That's what David Korn says.
And you know what? That Korn sure is...
Special? Special.
227 votes. Now there isn't movie that the whole family can enjoy.
Deliberate? Sure.
Deliberate. Take the kids.
Take the kids along. Deliberate, man.
See what life is like up there in a Western entry.
If you want to see what the rural U.S. is all about, which is about 70% of the country,
you just take a look at Deliberate. Deliberate.
Poor Ned Baby, man.
I know, isn't he Irish? That's probably an Irish guy.
Irish guys generally have red cheeks, apart from because they drink a lot like Disney.
Hey, Disney. Have another one, Mike.
Boy, now there was a guy.
Wow. I mean, as volatile as an H-bomb, Mike doesn't hear, buddy.
Now, do you...
I'm like...
I wonder his... Under his tutelage?
Yes, I was.
Wow. I feel so bad for you.
I got over it.
I think that's where your whole career and your whole life started going downhill.
Mike didn't know. No, coming to Florida.
Is that what it was? That's what it was.
I think my life turned around getting out of Florida.
See?
You'll do wonders for you.
Yeah.
And when I get out...
How come I can't find that dropboard?
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
Oh, I just did.
From 29 on there, like I said,
I think we might count these one side by each, one a piece, 1234.
Oh, they're coming in and chunks for you now, man.
I think Chris has got some of his goons working on the streets on this.
Everybody get inside and get on computer and vote for Chris.
See, though, the poll topic is so bad that it's not...
You're not really voting on the poll question because it blows.
It's pathetic.
You're voting for Chris to keep his job.
You know, when you're working for 50 cents an hour and every day you have to go through this kind of stress,
it's not 1234, man.
Remember that song by Lindberry?
1234.
1234.
Yeah, but you got that in there.
You don't have 1234 by Lindberry?
Are you kidding me?
Is that Barry with an A or an E?
With an A?
A?
Well, then no.
You don't got it?
No, but I'll find it.
One, two, three.
What was me?
Four?
1234.
I always like when we get to 1234.
I don't know why.
It just looks neat on there.
It just looks neat on my monitor.
One, two, three, four.
Now it's one, two, three, five.
See, it doesn't look nearly as...
I don't know.
It's spiffy.
So let's do that math again.
60, we need 65 votes in 50 minutes.
Easy.
No problem.
Dominique, who I am, hello?
I think Dominique, who I am, she brings back the crow.
What do you think?
I think, like the crow, you stink.
WQA and hello.
Who did it here, being you?
Yeah.
Who did it?
Who did it?
Who did it?
Who did it?
Who did it?
Who did it?
Who did it?
What?
Who did it?
Wow.
I thought OJ Head is a fill on the area yesterday morning.
Now he's not going to be a regular there on our morning show.
And by the way, our morning show is spelled with a U.
Like Alonzo.
You know, like Alonzo morning is spelled with a U.
I get what's wrong with that.
That sounds like a shot.
It is.
What do you mean it sounds like a shot?
It sounds like a shot?
It is a shot.
You know what I mean?
Like that.
It sounds like a shot.
You guess what?
It is.
Project shot.
And now, a song from Alec Baldwin's 11-year-old daughter, Ireland.
You are in Ireland.
How was it?
You can't.
You make me feel like a fool.
I hold her and I hold her and I hold her again.
I can hear it with eyes.
Before I knew what a psycho we were.
My father, Alec Baldwin.
When let me play with his fake Ali double chin.
I hear him yelling, so I fell asleep.
He'd be throwing quakes as I call him.
And I knew for sure he was not.
Just get there.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
He's a man.
As I remember the release of scenes, here's clearly broken awards.
Isn't it just before he got aime?
It was painful.
I didn't.
I didn't get it.
I think, sorry.
He made your name
One of his psychotic displays
Always we believe us both alone
He doesn't even know my age
Has no much faith
He should be locked in a cage
He leaves me messages that never ever meant
He's just one of those men
I just got screened that by my father again
One 18 so Matt Damon was in Krascha
And I think Owick Bob was when there was in there too
One in Milton Burrell and
And Heidi Monuz and Suvi Sales
1250 Chris
We have 42 minutes for 50 votes
Boy you ought to be able to do that
We got it
We got it
One, two, three, four, five, six
One, two, three
Where'd you find that?
I had this
Oh my hooker back hook, I don't know, you got it
Well I was saying I told you that it was one, two, three, four
Max Blumothal writes the only smirking chimp
Also posted that the Huffington Post says
Anybody care about that?
The Contrarian delusion now
Hitchens poisons everything
Christopher Hitchens has made a career out of a Fending
Polite Society
Among his greatest hits are his observation that women aren't funny
His poo-pooing of the Heditha massacre
And his defense of the jail of Holocaust
And our David Irving, who he hailed as a great historian
More recently, Hitchens has volunteered himself as the
Likur of Wolfowitz's comb
Claiming that the corrupt world bank president did nothing wrong
Hitchens is casty seeing the untenable positions
As Contrarian lending himself not only an Arab intellectual bravado but a veneer of integrity as well
Despite his myriad personal flaws in political contradictions
Hitchens is managed to appear principle by trafficking and opinions that
Consistently outrage conservatives and liberals alike
He poses as a maverick and intellectually macho literary gunslinger
Who loves nothing more than provoking the indignant howls of the
Madding crowd
For Hitchens everything is sacred and therefore everything is for a game
Those who have followed the trajectory of Hitchens career knew it was only a
Matter of time before he set aside some religion
What better way to piss off the masses than to one least a full frontal assault on God himself
So the great fanfare and perhaps nobody surprised Hitchens has produced
God is not great how religions poison everything
And atheist manifesto intended to supplement Richard Dawkins the God delusion
And new age torture fanatic, Sam Harris is the end of faith
Hitchens fears no sacred cow'sens latest work
He blest religions of former child abuse claims Jesus Christ never lived
And it appears that those who give their children bar mitzvahs are planning
UMI destruction and the destruction of all hard-won human attainments
The requisite attacks on Islam so satisfying to his newfound meocon pals
are also featured in life
Hitchens book might be means for it, it even bigoted little more than a
Barely legible screen loaded with predictable arguments and a scatter shot of
Pretentious literary references but who can say its author is unprincipled
This is contraivianism, right? Please
God is not great represents little more than the disingenuous posturing of a certified
Fraudmeister who is openly converted with the most reactionary elements of the Christian right
If Hitchens had any principles at all if he truly feared the cultural and political
Consequences of the encroachment of religion and the public life he would have used
Distill considerable influence to support organizations and causes that sure
Up the wall between church and state and which defended rights of nonbelievers
Instead Hitchens is done exactly the opposite
In the fall of 2005 Hitchens gladly accepted the invitation of the family research
Council to speak before its witherspoon fellows
Hitchens since Hitchens subsequently regaled an audience of young Christian
Right God raised with excerpts from his book Thomas Jefferson author of America
For attending Hitchens lecture and participating in several similar events
The FRC's witherspoon fellows received academic credit for study at Pat Robertson's
Region University a school that is placed 150 of its graduates in Bush administration
Posts
Presumably Hitchens was aware of the mission of the James Dopson founded family research
Council how could such an intellectual giant be unaware of the FRC's charge to
Goat the Judeo Christian world view as the basis for a just free and stable society
How could Hitchens have missed the FRC's many justice Sunday rallies staged at
Mega Churches and telecrastic telecast across America to advance the confirmation
George W. Bush's most theocracy minded judicial picks
To my knowledge these rallies occurred well after a happy hour he says and how could
Hitchens have been ignorant of the FRC's vitriolic crusade to ban abortion and undermine gay rights
Regarding FRC president Tony Perkins ties to white supremacists
I would like to paraphrase scripture and say forgive Hitchens for he knows now what the hell he's doing
My well-publicized report detailing how Perkins once purchased the phone bank list
A former claim leader David Duke for the price of $82,500
Now he had lined a 2001 fundraiser for the white supremacist council conservative citizens
Had only been out for a few months maybe Hitchens was too busy dancing with wolf woods to read it
But there's no excuse for Hitchens hypocrisy with a release of God is not great
Hitchens owes his readers an explanation for his appearance at the family research council
The nurse center of a theocratic movement determined to weaken the foundation of constitutional democracy
Hitchens must explain why he accepted the FRC's invitation to speak and whether he was paid for his appearance
While awaiting Hitchens response I'll pray that in the future is version of the straight talk express
Designates a driver
Thank you
What are the most anxious subhuman slime balls duty bags Christopher Hitchens
I think he's hitching up his pantaloonies right now and getting ready to walk with the devil again
252 votes what do you think of what are you planning?
1255 votes needed 37 minutes should be a slam dunk
Oh, oh, don't be using that slam dunk craft brings back a lot of bad memories George tenet
Your mind heat yeah
Slannedunk sounds like the NBA to me bad memories right Chris?
Okay, I will play off season gone wrong. How do the Raptors do by the way they get eliminated by New Jersey?
Not yet they're on the verge. Let me double check actually I know Dallas the number one I don't care about Dallas
I don't care about the NBA. I'm just asking about my Toronto Raptors. Okay, I'm looking it up now
Which I could cure less also about you know just because they're in Toronto. I mean who cares about the NBA and about just seven foot freaks
It's freak ball and they basically ball it's freak ball net series three to one and they played a night. They're what?
The nets are up three games to one so they're actually the main tonight. Where's that game in the New Jersey? I hope not
It's in Toronto. You should go out on the night. Oh, what was us? You just go to the kids and you know how I said us?
And you can hear the crowd yelling go Raptors go up and down to court. No, you can't they know they have no chance they have no cheer they have no they have no nothing
I have no history.
For 20% of his goals in the playoffs. Oh, there's acid ticket and one of the great figure skaters in hockey history.
Big, big, strong and unless you take a penalty right here.
All you can do is go back to center face off and it all started behind the net with a cordon and a lich stroke battle.
It ended up with a corduroy and he kept the life.
Now let's get hockey intensive here. That's a really boosted up and then when rumor comes back from his quite group of bypass we can have him set up a hockey show.
George. Oh boy, you want to be shot for letting me do that.
I'm sorry. I thought it was a good idea at the time, but the food was sure good though. All that free food.
Oh, yeah. In fact, you know something this is I hate to say it because I hope he's okay and I spoke to him yesterday,
but there's payback for your rumor. Chopping up all that free food, all that heavy greasy food always pieces that's right.
All those heavy duty steaks and Ruth Chris at my great expense. Man.
From 159 votes on the pool, we need 41 more in 34 minutes and Chris has got a big smile on his face.
He thinks he's got it made in the shape.
Back to Kenny above.
You're the joining us again today.
I can't believe Virginia took canceled football training.
That's not right.
Don't tell you what's not right.
If the 9-11 all sports was canceled for almost a week, I was in withdrawal.
Hey, you were doing a show the morning in 9-11, right?
Yeah.
Well, how'd you handle that?
I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami Hoi-ri-cats.
Oh, no, I don't know, girl.
Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit.
That's why you're not going to last as long as I have.
Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked, man.
That wasn't a good situation.
What's that got to do with single, very human sport, old feathery?
So let me get this right.
There's nothing more important in life than sports, right?
I don't care if my house was pointing down with my family trapped inside.
Nothing will lift my head from the sports page.
You want traps that carry me a QAM?
It's sports, sports, sports.
If you want to wake me up, sports.
Think again, D. Come here. Come here. I want to show you something.
Hang on.
Come on.
132, a QAM. We got Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Hang from Louisville today, getting ready for the Derby for the big Kentucky Derby.
1264 were stuck there.
Chris, I'm trying to push that number along.
Only 36 more to get to 13 numbered.
But you've only got 28 minutes.
Should be able to do that easy, but I keep by hitting that thing and hitting that thing.
1266.
There's a pair for you.
Chris got a pair.
We didn't want any way to see him, but nevertheless 1266.
If I think you can do it, we got it.
For you are foolish, man. Young and foolish.
Just like I am.
We didn't see what's going to happen out of this last half hour.
When we take a major hit on the phone here, you watch.
We're going to take 80 million phone calls real fast.
5670560.
Pound 560 and they've rising in singular wireless line.
You'll see.
In fact, you'll get $5 for every call we take.
How would that be?
Would you swing the calls if we paid you by the call?
I just put a message out there.
It's just a joke, yeah.
W2WAM, hello.
Are you enjoying the hockey series, Buffalo Rangers?
How am I enjoying it?
Yes, that's a pretty good series.
I'd enjoyed a lot better if it was three nothing.
Yeah, I agree.
Listen, there's one question woodbine, right?
Yeah.
Is that a question?
No, the answer I'm going to give you.
I'm going to answer my own question.
Oh, OK.
OK, get ready.
The inside poster woodbine has a big advantage of the outside poster.
I don't play horses at woodbines, so I could give a crap less.
OK, you play pompano, hey?
Have I got a pardon?
Hey, you play pompano?
Yeah.
Let me say it again.
I don't play the horses these days.
OK, sir.
I don't play pompano.
I don't play golf stream.
I don't play woodbine.
I don't play a narrow-ganced park.
I don't play suffering downs.
I don't play rocking him.
I don't play finger lakes in Canada.
And no.
Call up the Humper and tell him the rails got the big advantage over the outside.
Oh, my God.
Like that's something new.
And I don't even know if he's talking about the harness racing the third breath.
And I'm sure he needs it as he.
Let me ask you something.
And then the question was woodbine.
And then he's going to answer his own question.
Wow.
WQA M.
Hello.
Hey, how's it going?
Great.
Hey, I heard you're up in broadcasting in Toronto.
Yeah.
Do you know anything about the band Rush?
Yeah, I sure do.
I like Rush.
Yeah, they're pretty good.
They're getting a new CD coming out.
I thought I'd like to.
I like Rush.
I don't like the guy in the air rush, but that's a different rush.
Yeah, he's got it.
But anyway, take an easy fact.
Okay, see you.
Yeah.
That's what I would think of when I would think of Toronto as Rush.
Wouldn't you immediately get a Rush thinking about it all the time?
Trust 72 on the pull, Chris.
Keep your eye on it.
26 minutes.
We need 28 votes.
That says barely more than one minute.
If you can't do that, man, you ain't squat.
WQA M.
Hello.
WQA M.
Hey, yeah.
Yes, sir.
I love when George is in the background.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
WQA versus boyfriend.
QA M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Good.
Yeah.
How you doing?
I'm just hanging out scratching tickets.
I just want a hundred bucks.
5.670560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
He just want a hundred bucks.
That ought to change his life when you think I guess you don't have to eat out of dumpsters tonight.
WQA M.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
How you doing?
Good.
I would read it in meters, digest, want to throw in the other day that there's three foods.
Brown rice, broccoli, and sweet potatoes or yams, whatever you call them.
Yeah.
Actually, it takes more energy to digest.
You actually lose weight by eating those three foods.
I know we can't live off those three foods, but it's pretty interesting.
You know, I'm going to get right after the show today at two o'clock.
I'm getting me some ice cream.
Oh, boy.
I think he just thought he was going to take offense at that.
He didn't say, don't do it.
You're going to croak.
Your blood sugar is going to go soaring up there.
He didn't do that.
And even you didn't do that.
You didn't say, oh, you know, because you gave up.
You know, you gave up on fat people including me a long time ago.
I'm just in the mood.
Remember that song?
I'm in the mood for ice cream.
All right.
Anyone know why?
There's a connection.
I love ice cream.
There's nothing you can do.
It's like talking people out of heroin.
You just don't do it.
If anybody thinks that heroin, you know, if there's a stronger drug than sugar, if there's a more addictive substance than sugar, I can't heroin.
I'm, you know, probably even in the same league.
Ask what's his name there, Eric.
Ask your Alito.
He's in a lot of purple haze with that purple arm.
Boy, that's a nasty scene there.
It's a movie, Requiem.
Pretty soon that they call and say, oh, that movie starts too, and the crash was bad, but Requiem for Dream was really bad.
Although, that's not a movie a lot of people talk about.
There's a movie, I guess,
a birthday already started.
I think the theme though is more appropriate.
Oh, yeah.
Kind of sets the tone.
So, look on the depressing side.
Okay, and then it'll be on television, so we'll go further.
She's going to be on television.
Not.
I think there's a message in that movie too.
It's very subtle that drugs are bad.
Very subtle message, not.
1281 on the Paul Chris.
19 votes needed 23 minutes.
It is a slam dunk.
As George Tinnett and what's his name, would say.
82.
82.
1281.
1281.
1281.
1281.
1281.
1283.
I got 1283.
Your mama.
We need to win 17 votes.
Exactly.
1222 minutes.
You're talking like you had something to do with this.
It wasn't the old legendary Queen himself that pushed us up to 13.
Just to try to save your pathetic 40.
I'll give him something to do.
What you're so kind.
See, there he goes kissing my ass again.
That one guy that called earlier.
That was just, I feel unclean after that call.
Remember the guy that old guy that was kissing my ass about that?
I don't even know what he was talking about.
Neither I ignored it.
And neither did he.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Nail, what's going on?
Yes, sir.
Hey, there is no addition to sugar.
You just have to think before you eat.
Yeah, right.
Smoky.
There's no addition to sugar, right?
There's no addition to drugs here.
They have to think before you inject, before you snort.
Puts.
Real puts.
There's no addition to sugar.
There's another pseudonym intellectual who just makes an ass-in-ein statement.
And then like, you know, he's sucking on his lollipops or whatever he's doing there.
And there's a work in his popsicles.
And that's it.
That's the end of that.
And you know something probably skinny is a rail.
He's probably one of those skinny people though.
I hate those people.
Real skinny, skinny atlas.
Do you know this such a place?
Did you ever hear such a place, skinny atlas, New York?
No.
You never heard that?
No.
It's pronounced-it's pronounced.
Yeah.
It's spelled.
I don't know how it's spelled.
It's spelled S-K-A-N-E-A.
You know, it's scanning.
But it's pronounced skinny atlas.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
So it's somewhere.
Some of those horse ball towns in upstate New York, you know?
Like Geneva, Canada, Guapenian, Fredonia, Dunkirk.
You heard them all.
Sure.
1285.
We need only 15 votes to save Chris's 4 cent of our job.
Longy pop, little boy.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, brin.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, brin.
Hey, Ray.
I think brin is a great guy.
The rains are continuing their evership water.
I knew we were right.
You know, you know.
Hey, Ray.
Bum, bum, bum, bum.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, brin.
You know, that old beach place on bum, bum, bum, brin.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Abigail McGillin, an elderly woman, answered a knock at the door one day only to be confronted
by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner.
I'll say it again.
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner.
Good morning, said the man.
If I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest
and high-powered vacuum cleaners.
Go, I said, Abigail, I haven't gotten any money.
And she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open.
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail.
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.
With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet.
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet matum,
I will personally eat the remainder.
Abigail stepped back and chuckled and said, well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite
because they cut off my electricity this morning.
Paul Harvey, brin, good day.
From 94 is what you got, Chris.
Wow, not even close, not even a...
Why didn't you never know they might slow it down just to aggravate you?
Not that the audience would be aggravating.
1295 is either trickling in by the ones now.
They don't want to have a big explosion on there because they would be like a letdown.
I put in a pin-pric in a balloon.
What?
What would that say?
What word did you say?
Pin in a balloon.
Oh.
That's exactly what I said.
1295, but we're kind of stuck there, Chris.
I guess I better call Eric.
You better call Eric and tell him to get his thumb off of that switch.
I feel like when you're driving a car, when you slam on a brake,
that's what I feel he does to us sometimes.
You're going along and got all the big mow going.
Big momentum.
And then all of a sudden, I don't know.
1295, I keep hitting that view-current thing and it keeps bouncing a little bit
and it comes back up.
And it still says 1295.
We knew only five votes and 13 minutes to say Chris's job.
Maybe Eric hasn't screwed up.
Maybe Josh Cordis is sitting back there in his office.
Maybe he's a little bit of a man.
Maybe he's trying to come back.
He wants to make a comeback.
So he can handle the QA and WC.
Oh, I call that six.
What is it?
And you know something?
I never look at that thing, even though I'm sure that Josh is doing a fine job on there,
because he's a good guy and a hard worker and whatever else.
I got a nice girlfriend.
But anyway, I looked at that last night to see if they had actually done a pull there
on a brake-quint thing.
Remember we discussed that and we said if anybody ought to be doing a pull,
it shouldn't be us.
It ought to be on the QA and my dot-com and the sports nerd.
That's what they said.
And they didn't do the pull.
They didn't do any pull.
I get to keep my job.
What?
I get to keep my job for the day.
How do you know that?
1303.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Woo!
All of a sudden a big chunk, a big lump.
I'd like to think about it.
Look at what Chris is a matter of fact.
Big lump came in there right at the Aston.
1303.
It looks like that thing I scraped off that hot dog.
You see, you think I'm making that up, don't you?
No.
It looks like a genital ward.
Yeah.
I believe you.
It was a growth.
It was a growth on a hot dog.
Probably a growth to look at.
It was very growth.
I've seen some growth things in my time in the morning.
Oh, bet, too.
Oh yeah.
I've been around the world.
I've seen some strange things in my time.
Some of them unidentifiable.
Some of them I thought, what exactly is that?
I don't want to get close enough to find out.
But what is that there?
Okay, let me read the result and then we'll forget that we ever did this poll.
I apologize.
You know something the fact that we have to, you'll see Friday when that book comes out.
You'll see we're going to have a number.
Yeah.
We're going to have a number.
There's a prediction to let my boys and girls.
Everybody's going to have a number.
Okay, some of the numbers might be going with a, I don't want to say what they part that might be.
But some of the numbers are going to be going with a, you know.
And then some of the other numbers like Len Berry would be a, a sing.
It would begin with a one, a two, a three like Lawrence well.
One, a two, a three.
Now that you found it.
Now we're going to get to be deals with it over and over again.
If you have numbers coming out, it'll be part of you a, four.
One, two, three.
1303 on a pool and Chris's job is safe for another day.
But it's really fun to like, you know, it's always good to be goal oriented.
You know what I'm saying?
Goal oriented.
Set a goal and work like crazy for it.
An estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses.
Your response, question mark.
My response would be, even though we no longer have the choice on there, I hate this pool.
I don't know what forced me to do it.
I don't know.
Now 1310 now, oh we're going to the way that came through for you in the end, man, in the ass end.
And you want to know who those people are?
They're the fat people.
Us fat people, we always stick up for each other.
Is that right Chris?
I mean, I'm $131 for the show today.
It means you're still got a job.
Countless case, there are vehicles 312.
Throw their asses in jail and maybe the rest of them, two, 258.
What do you expect from a third world driver, 242?
Third world driver is like, you know, Donald Brainerd.
I bet most of our here in South Florida, $199, just shoot him 132.
Find him and slap him on the wrist, 58.
I'm one of them, 55.
And like I said, we're going to track your ass down and look abroad, see if he pouted on your door,
along with Xavier Suarez in his bathroom at three o'clock in the morning.
Whatever happened in the year like Vanisher, something?
Who?
Xavier Suarez.
Oh no.
Your former Miami Mayor, there used to be not my mayor's doors.
Canvassing for votes at two, three in the morning is bathroom.
He had Joe Carrillo disease, you know?
Whatever happened in Joe Carrillo and that coffee canister threw it his wife.
And last and least, we've hoped their license permanently, 54.
1310.
Boy, wasn't even close, we still got 10 minutes to go.
We could have, you know, who knows what we're going to do.
Wow, man, I'm exhausted.
And you, you know, I did it all for you, Chris.
You're two kinds, are two kinds.
That's for damn sure.
Do I have time to do this?
No, I don't.
But remember the article I read earlier about, who the hell wrote that?
Doug Thompson, about $500 million a billion in Iraq?
What about it?
You got verified over the latest Iraq spending bill,
and it's all but obscured a sobering fact rights run,
Hutsterson, and the Common Dreams.org website.
The world will soon cost more than $500 billion.
That's about 10 times more than the Bush administration anticipated before the war started four years ago.
And nobody can predict how high the tab will go.
The $124 billion spending bill that President Bush plans to veto this week
includes about 78 billion for Iraq,
with the rest of the remarks for the war in Afghanistan,
Federance Health Care and other government programs.
Congressional Democrats in Bush agree they can't let their dispute over with draw a timetable.
Block the latest cash installment for Iraq.
Once that political fight has resolved, Congress can focus on the President's request for $116 billion more for the war
in the fiscal year that started September 1.
The combined spending request will push the total for Iraq to $564 billion.
What could that kind of money buy?
And then it goes on, this is where Doug Thompson's still on stuff from.
Remember he had all those stats in there about the United States?
No, I don't remember.
College is a kid. He stole it all from the story from a fancy newspapers.
But that's okay. We love Doug Thompson, nonetheless.
I mean, he's risking his life doing it.
They're just sticking a bunch of numbers in there.
Is that interesting? How we just fell into that?
Amazing.
Like a bucket of stuff.
Not as amazing as the fact we bought up a $13.11, not only on a Tuesday.
Not only on a Tuesday.
Not only on a Tuesday, but also in the beginning of the dog days after Paisach and Easter went half of the town as a Van Moost man.
And believed me, they do.
When it doubt they all bail out.
I mean big time.
Oh, let us out of here. Please, please cracker, please.
So I think that's like I said, Friday, you're going to see the result of all this.
You're going to see a number.
Somewhere between...
That's what I'm afraid of, yeah.
And one.
Oh, 153, Accuway.
And that morning, showboy, talk about it.
Ow!
It's new!
If I have the town...
Don't forget to mail my package out, by the way.
George, very important.
What?
You, Q.A.
You heard me.
Now back to the Kenny and Boshio.
On 5, 6, 8, you ate...
You are all new headquarters for the speech impaired.
La la la la!
Hey, I mean look, I get the film again.
La la la la la la.
Go, D.D.
We got JJ on the phone.
Okay, but first I want to say hi to my mommy.
Hi, mommy.
Look, your socks goes under radio again.
I'm under radio.
La la la la!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Me too.
That's how JJ...
Well, well, uh...
I got to use that up pickup over here.
Uh, uh, uh, uh...
Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...
And open this poooom.
Okay, JJ, you can go home now.
I said go home now.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Coming up, uh, we got special guest for you.
Me, Max.
Who's he playing for?
Oh, he's not, uh, Sports Related, and I...
Then who is he?
And like I said, the blaming copell will be joining us to ask the discuss and the heartbreak
that snorry.
There is a coppa, like a coppa, like a Ted coppa.
It's coppa, that coppa will be at Tomara.
Whoa!
Look what we have on the line.
It's Boopy Finnbond.
You!
What's any got?
It's uh, the big hand is on the 12th part top.
You know me!
And the little hand is on the back.
Yeah I think it's ten.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Don't tell George what going on, I'll ask.
Well man, tell me a light nut.
Yeah, tell me a few more minutes.
Who learned this radio situation eventually?
I was in blood!
You know, I actually left myself like 15, 20 seconds short on that thing.
Now what are you gonna do?
Huh?
Now what are you gonna do?
Don't forget to mail that package.
I want Tomara.
My 13, 18, and I'm gathering stuff for it.
So, Tomara.
I see.
Good stuff.
Whatever.
Sticker, whatever you want in there.
Well, within real.
Anyway, 13, 18 on a pool and the good news is for Chrissy keeps his job another day,
another $2.75 in the two.
Bye, bye, bye!
