Today, like, rock work, baby.
What?
Oh, but you heard what I said.
What word did you say?
You heard exactly what I said.
And I never heard the end of the hook.
But that's a...
Some funky thing to say.
What word did you say?
And I got out!
I got out!
Thank God!
I got out.
When we met, there was a sexual attraction.
You didn't know I was an intercharacterist man, Ben.
You think I'm crazy now, just wait until I know why.
Why?
Don't pretend you're not at home when I'm calling.
And hell yeah, I'm a tiger kind of watching.
I'm the only one who go for you and that's for life.
My life.
You want to say whatever,
that you can do so much better.
Try it now and you will sure find out.
What a living hell is on the side.
Hey, hey, you, you, I'm a psycho girl friend.
And sing and sing, try to get a new one.
I'll talk to you, you, I'm a psycho girl friend.
Hey, hey, you, you, I'm a psycho girl friend.
That's what I need is a psycho girl friend.
What do you say?
You fare it.
Oh, well, you'd be the five sixty WQM.
It's Monday, April twenty, tear it, man.
This month is flying by, it's zoom in by in it.
All right.
I just think of all the travel I've been doing this month.
And I was in Amsterdam for eight nights.
I was in South Florida.
I was in prestigious plantation acres over the weekend.
Are you excited about that?
No.
It was okay. I had a fine weekend.
I had a fine, nice time.
But it was, you know, a couple days here and a couple days there.
That's more than enough.
It's just fine.
And then we got to have big announcement coming up.
Everybody, I want you to start like a Daisy chain.
Oh, before you get to that about that big announcement at two thirty on the
a mad dog show and Hank's going to be there and eating a bunch of sandwiches.
It's going to be great.
Somebody out there has started it.
I don't know why people do this, but you were explaining it to me before the show.
This goes on on my review.
What are you talking about?
It's a fan site.
They love you.
They love Neil God fans.
My space site.
And I ordinarily wouldn't give a crap.
Some of some lady, Genea, I guess she kind of like gave me a heads up on the thing
was there and I took a look at it.
And I don't like the fact that it says this is the place for the Neil's fans to
meet and greet.
Yeah, that's baloney.
That's the only baby.
Even ask your Myronos that we got the Neil Rogers MySpace page, the show page with the
the odd father in the whole deal.
That's the place to meet and greet and eat and tweet.
Right, you directly get a response.
I mean, why would you want to go to some airsoft?
And by the way, the one jack ball that gave me a song and an advance about how I'd say
I responded, everybody, I never responded to him.
I had to break the news to you.
That's because you were sending me all that stupid ass maple leaf trivia about
Darryl Sittler and crap.
That's why I didn't be silent.
Well, see, I caught you.
You didn't know the answer.
Oh, please stop.
You know, the radio show is between 10 and 2.
That's not a radio show on there on that thing.
Whatever the thing is.
You know the thing?
No, that thing?
So the Neil God fans page, I just, if you, and I noticed Johnny G was on there.
I thought G and even Ricky was on there, which I thought Ricky would know better than that.
Come on, Ricky, book up a little bit.
Cut the crap.
But there was like 153 people on there already.
And I don't know where the hell it came from.
Some guy named Nick.
He sent me a message this morning.
He said, oh, well, just, it's no crank.
It's no this.
We don't need any additional pages.
Okay, if you want to.
Poshki around on there.
Go ahead, but don't go.
You got one.
I got one.
Chris has one. Josh has one. We're all there.
I got one.
I know you do much, but I got one.
Yeah.
Most of it I heard.
And anyway, here's, let's get the ball rolling here because at 230 this afternoon we got a major, major announcement.
I can't imagine what it could be about.
You know, what current you were.
Were you in the first season?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, why do you people are going to stop at all?
Everything's a big secret.
I know.
Even unborn children.
Even unborn fetuses know what the press conference is about.
But, you know, it's not official yet.
Well, we don't say that.
Okay.
And that is to say, well, you know, Barry Jackass has that column about it from the hero from over the weekend.
Well, you can read it.
Okay, I will.
I don't have any idea what it's all about or if there's any accuracy to it, but I'll read it eventually in my pile.
In time.
As Linda Blair said.
In time.
Remember that?
I love that.
I was sure we had the drawer open and that little thing, that little dresser.
The people still call those a dresser, I guess they do.
Yeah, I don't know.
Well, I don't know because I'm old and funny, Dougie.
And I use a lot of expressions that are out of touch with reality today.
They're out of sync.
Oh, geez.
Speaking of Baghdad and Iraq and stuff like that, things are going incredibly well.
Although, I don't know what this has to do with the Alec Baldwin and at the horrible tape.
You know something, seriously, if you want to take the world seriously, you're going to be a crazy person.
I'm telling you that right now.
Good thing we don't.
Just I sure don't anymore.
I used to, you know, back in the day on WS News and trying to save the world and pontificating
and screaming and getting on the air.
Well, what's the point?
What is the point?
The world is a crazy house.
It's a freaking slaughterhouse, man.
All the stuff that's going on.
And of course, we kind of segue.
And we had to have the UM Virginia Tech baseball games take place.
Right, Chris?
That had to go on.
Of course.
And I noticed that even during the graduation ceremony or whatever was it, the very end of the run,
Hokey's like it's like USA.
USA.
Everything is a chant that's here.
That makes everything that much better, doesn't it?
Go ahead and shoot.
You know what sounded a little bit Hokey to me.
But what do I know?
At least 24 people died in 50 wounded and forced suicide vomit tax in Iraq today, including an attack that killed a high-ranking police officer
and the D'Aloh province police.
And in the cosoners a lot more, it's all bad news, but nevertheless.
Even that wimpy Harry Reid from Nevada, he said it right.
He said the war is lost.
It's been lost for a long time.
What war?
You know?
Just a bunch of crazy people killing each other because they don't have a dictator.
They needed a dictator.
Even though he was evil and we put him in there in the first place, they needed him.
He was a good guy and now he's hung.
How about William?
Is he hung?
Here is your poll from Friday.
By the way, I understand George's ever sensational show on Friday.
I just made that up.
I know.
I'm just glad I wasn't there.
I know.
I was in transit.
I was en route.
Here's the poll question.
Which method of marketing annoys you the most?
1556 votes.
What the hell was that all about?
We'll be lucky to get to a thousand during the show today on this crappy poll I made up.
Well, I didn't really make it up.
It's an old one brought back.
How can you have a sex poll and it doesn't have a million votes already?
Really?
About sex.
How often do you think about sex?
I never stop.
That's what I voted.
I'm thinking about every waking moment.
I'm thinking about, hmmm.
Look at this one and that one and that's right over here.
Which method of marketing annoys you the most?
Do I ask?
And I'm glad you did ask that because you know city, I don't know if they advertise on the station
or not say anything city bank, but anyway.
Well, I was home over the weekend.
I must add like 45 million calls.
Is someone showing an error?
I think it's a city bank calling about a special deal.
We got take your deal, take your card.
I know exactly where that credit card will fit real nicely.
Correct.
Oh yeah, in the slot.
I almost went to Pompano 30 and I had to go to the slots and plunge my guts out and then I thought,
well, you know, I can lose so much of wood by in here.
Why do I want to do that?
I rather spread it around here, eh?
Follow what I'm saying.
All the way to the state.
Joseph said, Gillespiem didn't do it right and Pompano did as far as the slots in the facility and yaddy-addy-addy-addy-addy-addy-addy.
And when Dave Joseph says something nice about Pompano, it's a miracle because years ago they fired some lady friend of his.
Well, I guess it was in Pompano or whatever the deal was.
They fired it.
And from that moment on, he's always written for you, negative or things about Pompano for it.
So, screw you, Dave, but nevertheless.
Which method of marketing annoys you the most automated computer phone calls, 455?
Human telemarketing, 429.
I don't know that there's such a thing as human telemarketing.
I would call it more like subhuman telemarketing.
I hate those people.
And I, you know, something, I know they're doing a job.
They got it, you know, I don't know how they get paid or whether they get, I don't know how that works.
They could choose a different job that they know they're annoying people.
Yeah, they know that.
They get calls at home, but they know.
Right.
So, are we?
No.
Yes, they have an option.
We're not calling people at home.
Let me say again.
What do you mean they have an option?
So do we?
We could be out there peddling grapefruit or something?
Right, sidewalk.
Coconut.
Human telemarketing, 429.
So those two are pretty, it's the phone thing, baby.
It's the phone.
Don't be.
And I'll tell you what other, also bugs me as like a little while ago here.
I'm an image of some very important, serious, uh,
right?
I know.
Goofy, uh, what?
Oh, I thought you were talking about the other business.
Text message.
No, not that business.
Text messaging back and forth.
And I get a thing from Omaha Stakes again.
I don't want your meat.
Okay, don't you understand?
I don't want no meat from Omaha Stakes.
I don't want your broths.
I don't want your steaks.
I don't want your, you know, I don't want it.
Now, he's ordering from them all the time, but they get to the point where they annoy the hell out.
You don't want it, normal.
I don't want it.
I know what I do want, but then he did.
Internet popups, 228.
Yeah, those are annoying.
Now, if you use Firefox, you won't get hardly any of that.
Do you know anybody that's still using Internet Explorer?
I don't.
That's scary.
You do?
That's like that's like wearing knickers.
That's like guy, that's like men wearing two-piece bathing suits at the beach.
No one in my world is accepting that I just don't know the laws.
It blows virus, really.
Firefox is the way to go.
Internet popups 228.
Junkmail 168.
Door-to-door solicitors 144.
They don't allow that in my building here and thank the Lord for that.
Don't you ever come and knock it on my door unless you've got something really good to pedal?
I can think of some people if they came knocking on my door, like my friends from Amsterdam, for example.
If they came knocking on my door, be Georgia, like right now, Georgia's doing the show.
I'm busy.
What are you laughing about?
Listen, this is serious business.
This is not a laughing matter.
It's serious.
It's a question of priorities.
There are some things important to me, and you know, doing the show is only...
By the way, that's another thing I should probably talk about is my call from Jolly Jo Belon Saturday morning.
God, I had a great Saturday.
Everybody.
Normal commercials 98.
Infomercials 20.
Yeah, I mean, because you don't have to watch those.
Right? I mean, you got 70,000 channels if you have a good cable system.
If Infomercials 20 and tear off envelopes 14.
Well, what? I don't even know what that means.
Somebody called that in when we were talking about it.
You know, when you go to pay your bills, they've got like an ad attached to the envelope you got it card on.
Quit being such a waltz.
You can make it on the other side.
You wanted it on there, so there you go.
Oh, yeah, it's coming on.
Good, God.
That's pathetic.
Well, that's just a soft food on the ambiance again.
Oh, and you know something?
No, I don't.
Yesterday morning.
See, the interesting part of it is because I don't know why I got on this time schedule,
but I would go to bed over the weekends Friday, Saturday, and, yeah, Saturday,
like at 11 o'clock at night.
And I'd wake up at 7.
Which is nice. That's a nice even eight hours.
Okay. And I wake up at 7.
Of course, why? You know, not just woke up.
I was all slept out.
So yesterday morning, I put on little clothes, my walking shorts, and my shirt, and my cloud hoppers,
and I go out, and I get my newspaper, my driveway.
Well, a guy that lives kitty corner across the street.
The interesting part of it is my friend Bernie used to live over there in that house.
Two houses away.
Remember me talking about Bernie and the Saturday and the husband guy?
Great guy.
Well, he moved away, and I don't know who this other guy is,
but anyway, the guy's walking his dog like a little black Scotty or whatever those black dogs are.
Small and...
And I reached out and picked up the paper, and I looked, and he looks at me.
I said, morning, and he didn't even acknowledge my existence.
You know what I mean?
I thought I must be in South Florida, but I better get out of here.
And so I zoomed to the airport, and as of last night, I was winging back to Toronto,
where people are polite and nice, and friendly, and not suspicious, and are a-holes, man.
Well, what is that?
If somebody says good morning to you, and they're like a neighbor,
I mean, it's not like I was looking at him like, hey, you get any money, I'm here.
Change.
Like evil or something?
And I thought to myself, this is just what I'm always talking about, what everybody talks about.
It's not just me, okay, it's not because I'm an old bastard, and people hate me like poison,
because I got a big mouth and a stupid brain.
It's not just because of that.
That's a big part of it, but don't forget two-thirty major announcement about something.
No, no, no, no.
Push.
Right up, stupid face.
Hey, BeHeamey and Judge, have just ruled, in a paternity suit, over an anonymous Nitz cabbage.
And the Post-Mist or McGroyburn Larry Burkhead is the biological father.
And let me ask you this now that we got that riddle. So what do we do about
Alec Baldwin? Nothing? What do you mean nothing? You know when I was showing
that I never finished my thought because I like my mind wanders because I'm old
and senile but I never finished the thought about that but when they were
oh I guess what's going on today I forgot to mention it. Are you aware of it
because Miguel said me an email. There's a forest fire going on a
way across Georgia that's probably near Aintree. Yeah just as well but at any
rate so run an old par doing an 85 hour turn to then you just run it on
Friday somebody called up and said that. Oh give me a half hours oh boy.
A half hour show how many days is that gonna last before they both collapse?
Thirty man. I mean even when Howard was on he would go on and on and on
anything else Robin anything else Robin you know and finally he would just give
about 11 10 15 10 30 once in a while maybe to 11 and he starts
at six so if you thought it was thin before five thirty till noon so if you
think I hope that they're taking notes now because if you think there's a lot
of other people's material of four hours before five six and a half hours of
old Paul and ancient Ron you people got to be kidding me see this is the answer
we're gonna knock that deal Roger's right off the air something go ahead give
you your best shot. Anyway here's today's pool run an old Paul my ass well thanks
for the promotion man and that's always the way PD Boulder looked at it like
they would send me a phony press release like it was you know like an inside
and it would be coming from them oh Neil will talk about in the air we'll get a
big audience just like man cow with his 0.1 share 0.1 that doesn't even that's
not even up to tickle the transmitter tubes that's not even up to tickle your
shoes right that's even worse than our morning show now why did you do that
what they when we have this big announcement coming why can't you stop being
such a relentless bastard Jesus God are you brutal anyway here's today's
pool and this is an oldie that I brought back because you know to be very
honest with you I wasn't really thinking about this place over the weekend it's
just one of those things I was I was not a vacation but I was down there you
know I was thinking about getting out of there as of yesterday 660 votes on the
pool so I brought back an oldie but goody how often do you think about sex it's
been a long time since we did that pool it's been a raccoon's age since we did
this one how often you think about sex several times a day 350 non-stop 184
now that was my vote even though I mean it's a little bit of an exaggeration but
not much right much and if I'm still thinking non-stop about tanky spanky that
goes to show it in my advanced age there's hope for everybody okay think about
it if you can't do it at least think about it how often you think about sex
once or twice a day 78 sell them 39 and never never yeah nine out of 660
votes how could there be anybody well maybe they're like a hundred years old
maybe they had an accident in their pants well in that area you know more
wound you know auto accident you know there could be one of several different
kinds of action terrible thing barbed wire fence jumping incident oh geez oh
there's the a pistol caveman you know I'll be I'll be honest with you it's like
you know it reminds me of it's like who wants to be a millionaire something works
well so let's just drive it to the ground so we do it right I'm asking you know he
was great in the beginning you know the one on the wall the moving walkway in
the airport yeah with that what's what's the name of that song we got it in here
remind me by Royce Royce stop remind me yes by Royce
Royce stop there or we did or something I don't know they're we did yeah they
got like little dots over the old crap like that yeah see that spot was good
he gets pissed off and he backs up and he looks a caveman can do it he's got
that exesperated look on his face of course if you're sitting on a plane he
gets on probably everybody bills on anyway
anything hey back oh nice George nailed it let's the right on the count
the pocket a city talk up all the time man who you can well good back in the day
that's anyway that's my take on the pistol caveman too much too much of a
good thing and you think that guy could know better because they're advertising
agencies sensational whoever came up with all these different all this all
this all these things you know 664 votes on the full Christmas will get to
a thousand these positive of it aren't you definitely now let's take a look at
the schedule here they you would think when you think now we're running like
liners on this about the 230 230 thing of course we are because there's
certainly nothing in print on here it just says Jim managed to to four power
hour mad dog and hang four to five hump or five to six thirty eaten a whole
bunch of ballooning and Swiss sandwiches Marlon's on decades six thirty Marlon's
in the braves at seven oh five that's a home game Marlon's actually won a
couple of games over the weekend wow we wow wow any interest no and then gain
that after the ball game with any K how about those Marlins a very jackass as
I better save this for after the break because I was told just go ahead and
read it I got it in my pile like after I have to ask for permission to read
this from clearance freaking Darrow I'll ask the committee also I never got
to the part about my phone call with Joe Bell in the morning no no you didn't
well Friday night I'm checking my email and I look on my Yahoo email and there's
a note from Joe Bell from Friday afternoon about two or two or five and if you
get a chance over the weekend call me a couple things I want to talk to you
about and I thought oh boy here we go you know those kinds of messages are very
rarely anything good you know I mean right so it's like well why did you do this
and how come you call me a fat ass all or he doesn't do that he he accepts that
because he is a fat ass but anyways so I try calling him Friday around nine
with now and how late would you call somebody all ten would be the upper limit
latest you know I try to run nine that's not too late right no and then Saturday
morning how early would you call somebody because I will tell you on a Saturday
morning again I'd give until 10 to wake up oh well I tried about nine thirty
that's not that I that's not right around a couple minutes to 10 he didn't
pick up on himself old people like Joe they wake up early anyway family people
people families the kids always get your ass out on second right guys in his
position don't sleep until noon you know very rarely right but at any rate so
he and so then around ten thirty my phone rings and of course I had an
extraordinarily important lunch to head off to which about 10 to 11 I left the
house and ten thirty there is the phone there's jolly joe fat old jolly joe
and you can you can always tell by the sound in somebody's voice you know
they're really chipper oh you know the disease will declare bell routine and he
was like in a wonderful mood and he told me a couple of things that are going
on one of which you may find out about a two thirty I can't imagine what it is
and then and then he said he's meeting today meeting Monday today with the
Norma Camp to extend my contract maybe to talk about it and I started laughing
hysterically and I just yeah I said what time is your show on man what a
sense of humor you've got especially with all the crap that's been going on
lately you know like for the last hundred years but at any rate I said sure no
problem let's get with it and I called up Norma yesterday and he said oh I got
the message from Joe but it my phone is stuck between the seats in my car you
know you talk about just a knucklehead you know knucklehead that's Norma he had
he had a voicemail on there but the phone got lost between the seats in his car
and so you know what he did what he from inside the house he called his cell phone
and listen to the messages all right my work sure it worked but I thought to myself
my life my livelihood my future is lying in the hands of this group call
hey Norma you fairy good god he's all right he means well he's a good the gay guy
681 I'm a sex pool here today let's start thinking about sex in fact even better
than that let's stop thinking about it let's start doing
you got WQL where the bag is the folks who watch you America's next top model
introduce America's next top clown starring Tyra Banks okay judges what do you
think of Blinkies performance Ronald McDonald
Lincoln it was just art for me the baggy pants are the bomb but spray in the
salsa bottle it's been done somebody done did it okay
close up oh it was too rodeo clown for me you got to step it up if you want to be
America's next top clown who went finally crusty spit take was terrible my
grandmother can do a better spit take and she's in a coma who's like who gets
hot to the next round and who gets fired out of the cannon
who will receive an exclusive contract with Ringley Brothers circus and this tiny
car for you and 20 of your friends who will fill the big floppy red shoes to
become America's next top clown tonight after project type rope oh yes who died
Boris Boris Yeltsin's dead you only have what about 75
hard to tax and 42 store right just mine the things all of these things like that
what is a hard drink and man was your hard drink and man a lot of rock you just
like Josh's girlfriend yeah I'll correct you when you say something wrong what
now I'll be picking on Josh's girlfriend oh I'll pick on her all right yeah I
bet you would everybody to their hands on a Russian
I better take a look at his website take a look at her is she is fine as you see
there are a couple pictures there that do her justice although I've seen her in
some some better outfits than the one she's wearing in those pictures well how
about seeing a picture where she don't have any outfit that would be nice
email thanking me for taking her of his dog and sending in that check which if
he don't have a yet he'll have it and I didn't even send it to you this time I
sent it directly to him which means somebody don't intercepted it and never
give it right I usually think a piece I beg your pardon that's how's it going
hey yeah I got a piece for you 697 votes big in a piece thinking about sex
just non-stop is in second place several times a day that was healthy that's a
good sign voice yeltsons did to which we can only say who cares can I have his hat
you know they just showed him with that I said babushka on what is it with the
Europeans in hand those big fur hats that's a Russian thing it's gold
there those big babush because it is right there especially in Siberia your
people like those big fur hockey box in a corporate shop that they sent us
Siberia for a short period of time like a much yeah they have you not sure
what do we not sure like how about we send them to the Siberia that sounds
really good to me let's send Bush and Cheney to Siberia where they'll be safe
anyway don't be starting in the long that okay let's let's get to the big
announcement here okay
the often now this is again this is just injector because I'm not supposed to be
seeing anything you know definitively because then nobody will tune in to 30
here the big announcement which I don't even know what it's about you lie
yeah I'm lying I'm lying we know what it's about and so to everyone of you if
you don't know you're dumber than sawed us but you know that's clear and
that's the whole deal a lot of people might not care you know you better get
with the program mr. I've defended you for a hundred and seventeen years
or whatever it's been but now you're like stepping right on the line your toe
is right up against the upper end line to there is very jackass was this in
Saturday's paper or whatever I don't know and I really don't care does it make
a difference is anybody read the hero not if they have an IQ larger than their
thumbnail dolphins moving back to wqa after two years since as very with seven
I did a ticket dolphin broadcast will return to QM which could mean Jim
manages return oh and I had that thing all set on there and oh geez you sidetracked
me somehow well I said she managed to might return yes yes that's what I was
going to play but nevertheless dolphins moving back to QM rights buried the
dolphins are moving their games back to wqm 560 and informed and come its rights
holder seven nine to the ticket of the decision on Friday according to the
anxious Joel Feinberg president of the ticket Joel Feinberg my ass the move
could signal return of analyst Jim managed to broadcast booth speaking of
back on my ass Feinberg said he offered two point two million dollars a year
well below the three and a half minute he paid last season when he lost his
ass Feinberg said he believes wqa my bit and but QA in which agreed will
want to hear a deal to climb to comment again this is all very jackass's
column from the hero and I don't know nothing and if you believe that you'll
believe in it I try not to lie but in this case I'm lying like crazy are I
not not yes I am the dolphins decline comment but announcement is expected
today 230 to Saturday right here on 560 wqa and you know the first
often game oh and you know something you gotta think about that too about my
dolphin season tickets because the last two years when we didn't have the
games I took the cash and move the tickets and that's part of my contract part
of my deal my fine deal but now that we're gonna have the games back again it
might just be the tickets once again and the first off in game it is in London
hmm I don't think too many people are gonna be going over that home game
lie from what I'm better not say it fine but better not say it because we're
we love the dolphins don't we we love the dolphins they are the best yeah let's
play along I still like those Patriots though a lot Feinberg who station had
dolphin games the past two seasons said that if he he told the team if he
wasn't given the decision by 5 p.m. Friday he would pull the plug on dolphin
programming what a best daughter girl what a maniac dolphins president Brian
Weedemire informed him the decision at 4.55 p.m. he waited till the last bit
of moment 4.55 p.m. how do you like that nice going Brian the dolphins who
control the announcer higher as would like to retain play by play voice Jimmy
Cifalus and a Cifalo and WQA is believed to be receptive hmm the team and
the station also respected approach manage about returning to the broadcast
would not be something great one more for the West Coast thanks
Mandate who hosted after an taught show on WQ I'm according to Berry I mean
that's really well profound nice going Berry said Friday he would be
interested in returning to the color analyst role that he held for 13 years
before the team moved to the ticket in 2005 and gave the job to its
morning host Joe Rose not one person has talked to me about anything
man it said I would need to know some of the facts just the facts man is that
what he said according to industry official WQM is also expected to explore
the possibility of hiring Rose and creating a three-man booth of Cifalo
a Cifalo manage and Rose see I got a stop calling Jimmy Cifalus now you know
the stuff calling her those names Rose is seven-indie contract or oh Jesus
I forgot to tell you something which I'm sure somebody already told you
about this deal on just just don't say anything stupid wrote I'll tell you
during tomorrow yeah yeah Rose is seven-indie contract runs through
early September five words of keeping Rose's a priority I love Joe he said I
don't see him even entertaining off unless it's twice what I'm paying that's
what the silly as Joel fineberg said of course I don't know anything about
that I don't the bitch right now five-year city lost money on the dolphins
wasn't comfortable offering anything close to last season's rights fee
fineberg have been negotiated the contract last off season in exchange for
financial concessions a lot of the games to be silenced on big one was six
when I guess couple hours when Paul and Ron are done you know there are what are
they on 28 hours a day now the two of them unbelievable that's gonna really do
it nice going over their cheap channel stupid it was in the best interest of
the station to not enter it pleat it to enter a pleat deal not to let her
deal with the dolphins that would be a loss as soon as the pen at the paper fine
berg said still fineberg said he felt strong along during negotiations I'm very
upset he said I gave them blood sweat and tears for two years hiring Jimmy
Cifalo who belongs in a funeral home he so dead I gave them the world he belongs
in a funeral home how do you like that in other words he's saying Jimmy's a stiff
I don't want to find out all they care about is money he said they think they're
so high and mighty to take him flex their muscles and get whatever they want
from whom ever they want they don't care about anybody else's business or
situations or needs said they cry baby Joel fineberg oh what a what a
cry baby Jesus got almighty the ticket dolphin show from seven to nine p.m.
week nights which was part of the rights deal to go off there immediately
fineberg said WQM is expected to carry regular dolphin programming with
details haven't been disclosed fineberg said in addition to his offer of two
and a quarter minute yeah two and a quarter million annual rights fee he also
offered 360 grand in hospitality and silence cost and to cover the salaries of
the announcers fineberg said that often's open some new door to some national
business but said I'll be a better station without without all the financial
losses WQM thinks if I don't have the dolphins or go to business I'll survive
and prevail he said well we'll see about that Joel won't wait we'll see who
cares the tickets deal with it often precluded the station from pursuing rights
to other teams without that restriction the ticket might pursue rights to the
marlins or in the final year they're deal with WQM to which we can say yeah
oh how do you like that the final year of the marlins any interest we got
the marlins tonight marlins in the brave seven oh five of the pregame at 630
any interest anybody gonna be there some race fans from we love the marlins
though especially those other games we love the marlins daytime games anyway
those are dolphin tickets yeah better find out about that because you know
is usually and you better give the bad news to Josh Curtis is that he's like
down on the list now he's not I'm just not gonna hand him over to him you know
like I didn't have and I've been doing that last couple of years when we had
the games yeah I guess you have well I have to see if there are other people who
might want them you know I'm saying like me no no chance no chance Chris don't
take it first all as you want to there was no chance in your pants okay okay I'll
have to find out if there are other people who might be interested in those
great dolphins season tickets those box seats which and you know we never know
I'm just assuming we're gonna have assuming we had that often games well
have to stay tuned you'll 2 30 this afternoon well wait yes absolutely to find out
what the real announcement is that very that was just a column by very jackass
in the hero you know which may or may not have had some substance some facts
some right right what so silly the whole you know just the way we do
everything so silly but everything is got to be a little a little mystery and
intrigue otherwise you know otherwise it's no fun 20 before 11 at 560 W
if you have to forget 2 30 this afternoon major big announcement coming on
QM big time a lot of different ways and I want to thank my guests today now
you're the one who was betrayed yes and you're the partner who strayed from
your relationship of course and how many times have you been with another woman
since you've been married more than a thousand
okay why Hillary was a great ride but not good enough sounds that make you feel
very very ugly she says he started gagging at the side of her body flabby stomach
sagging chest stretch marks she was a pig hey she spent 20 grand on plastic surgery
hoping her husband would only have eyes for her yes but she says it wasn't
enough to keep him faithful no because you've cheated since the surgery right I
couldn't stop now this woman that you were with Monday night this was three
women three all at one time of course okay I never wanted that night to end are
you listening to this yeah you got a serious decision to make he believes he
should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored you need to go to force and move on
are you willing to do that are you absolutely not can you understand he was
with somebody Monday night you that I did Hillary was all for it in fact I procured
women for bill I was so proud of her okay mean are you cool with it yes if not
I would be gone exactly we got this president that we got here right now we wish he
be gone real fast real soon but nevertheless guess who I watched yesterday I
watched your step on top of us boys he boring or what yes it was just on you know
there's just not a whole lot of selection on there until the game start to
the hockey stuff and I'm sure you watch a lot of those hockey playoffs right
didn't see any Panthers in there didn't see any make believes in those playoffs
but nevertheless 736 votes on our six pool today and Doug Thompson writes time
to rethink our gun laws should I read it out Thompson come you know what a
subversive O'sha on the recon agitator is that what he is I think that O'sha
on for what if it happened to to probably didn't he die did he die I don't
only hope in fact in honor of big fatherly's memory let me see if I can find
that he's an O'sha on for lack of tour had a great voice you had to admit that
so people with great voices just you know die they die and because they're such a
big ash hole it just you know you had a sign over the weekend there's a word I can
say you know right that's because we haven't asked if we could oh don't don't
say that that would be like duchy bag that's that's very bad how childish
you know isn't it I sure hope that doesn't interfere with my 45 year extension of
ideal I'm gonna let the 120 just to and you know I'm gonna start doing it I'm
gonna start eating like two lettuce leaves a day that's right I'm gonna go out to
my important lunches what that's right low-cal baby that's what Dr.
Sanjay poop this is an innocent pooper and all those other idiots on CNN yeah like
I said don't worry about all this crap in the world although donate a lot of
my tip of racco bamba that's what we want to do I'm gonna send a check to his
campaign aren't you pleased at that good in fact whatever money I was gonna
leave you in my will I'm gonna instead just fine for a
whole give it all to him oh just relax will you please you're so uptight man what you are so
uptight and your close personal friend who was over much of the weekend in my
house we talked about you at length oh yeah and then the other my other friend who
lives in my house we would you know kind of like interject like well we think
George's line we think David's line we are all full of crap yeah yeah just
just relax okay very very so I'm tired about my money you know it's my money I
work all those years to make a million dollars okay why do you keep saying that I've
never been uptight about your money the hell you're not all right Chris is he
I've talked about my will or what I like to see any he doesn't care okay well that's
a good way of putting it now Chris starts the week with a great comeback excellent job Chris
from now on the rest of the day if I were you had shut up what kind of food you got today oh
and also you never told me the melting pot was coming on Friday somebody mentioned it
Thursday but you never told me that did you know yeah I knew and how that worked out it worked out great
yeah it does it both kinds of cheese great see in my diabetic condition I probably it
probably wouldn't be a real good idea for me because those desserts you know
mm-hmm dipping and ducking in those chocolate fondues they don't have to go there you know
you don't have to have the dessert yeah right give me a break I know yeah yeah are you an
absolute crazy person or what is it if I have to ask Doug Thompson speaking to crazy people says
time to rethink our gun laws he says it is time to reconsider how we sell market and license
guns in this country absolutely correction I say this is a lifelong hunter-long time member of the
NRA and owner of enough guns to arm a revolution in a small country but that's a good thing to know
when they come to take him away it's good nice going Doug he says like it or not guns have
become away the subtle grudges achieve notoriety advanced causes and express oneself in our
violence prone society absolutely correction for years the NRA and other program activists have
argued that tightening the gun laws in this country that only make it more difficult for law
biting citizens to buy weapons while criminals would be armed in a threat to society that
argument became moot last week when shong we chow used that doesn't sound like the right name
is it I mean I know the swing I don't know he swings with his thing used two handguns he
purchased leave the gun down 32 fellow students and thank other members of Virginia taken
vice for Virginia the worst mass killing on a school campus in American history oh my god
Virginia's background checks system one by the state police and considered the model for the
nation didn't know anything about choice mental problems because his one and only hearing before
judge didn't qualify for inclusion in the record yes that's a loophole and that state and federal
legislators are scrambling to close but even when it's closed it won't be the only loophole in laws
that put too many guns in the hands of too many people who have no business owning or carrying
weapons crazy people with guns it's the American F&W baby crazy people with lots and lots of guns
all right Virginia writes their Thompson is also a concealed carry state a place where anyone
with a relatively clean criminal record and half they course in gun safety can obtain license
to carry a concealed weapon that half they course teaches the basics of gun safety along with some
rudimentary target practice it does not prepare for us and for a potential life threatening situation
where he or she may be threatened with weapon efforts to defend themselves yet some pro gun advocates
claim that if students and faculty of Virginia tech had been allowed to pack heat they would have
stopped show before it took out 32 lives Virginia delegate Morgan Griffith the ultra-right wing leader
the Virginia Republicans tried to end legislation through the general assembly that would give students
the right to carry concealed weapons fortunately it failed the past well that's my book you got
over there pali yeah but I think you know it's my parking spot if Griffith and his cronies have
been allowed to turn ticket when armed can't the odds were good that the body count would have been
far higher campus police spend most of their time breaking up drunken brawls at front parties
and athletic events they shut her with the thought of adding concealed weapons to that volatile mix
hey that's my girlfriend you like on all of your pali my dead pali yeah I mean the fact that
there are people crazy enough to even suggest those things is very scary to me but nevertheless
anyway the last step for part of this to dump Thompson PC since I'm not advocating a ban on guns
far from it but I do think it's passed on that we take a long hard look at the laws that regulate
the sale of guns all guns to those who hunt those to target shoot and those who feel they need to
set up an armory in their home we licensed people to drive in this country in some states require
multi-day course and drivers education to obtain a permit those same states will take away a license
to drive for even misdemeanor violations of traffic law you have nothing short of a serious felony
can threaten the person's ability to own or carry a firearm and nation where too many guns threaten
the peace and security with citizens it's time to reconsider laws that allow too many murders
and too much violence as dog Thompson you go down there and run them up baby
yeah like I said when you go to civilized places like Canada for example ensure there's some
shootings here and most of those guns come from across the border from the USA from Detroit and Cleveland
and places like that mini soda now where did you live in Montana right right right and every 20
had at least one gun even the little children I'm saying like probably their guns being
smuggled from it's a real but that Montana being swaggered across the border into Canada I can't
imagine they have their own in Canada don't they in that area the hunting area all them red
next out there like in Calgary and then yes like that so plenty of gun racks when we go right
to one medicine hat how about moves John I should have armed to the T-Rex only difference
being though that most of the people here are civilized and that's right they don't say first
of all they don't carry arms nobody here walks around with the peace okay well maybe different
kind of people they don't walk around with a gun what you're in the city where we have it wasn't
in little different people did carry their guns around in the gun rack in the car just in case
they carried their rack around oh what was that story about the chick that was breastfeeding in
that restaurant something oh in bokeh it's illegal to interfere with a breastfeeding mother in any
way shape or form it doesn't matter how many nipples she has out or where she puts them well I'm
sure a lot of you guys are very excited and want to find out which restaurants will allow all the
breastfeeding all the time they're all the nipples all the time you pervert you're not full of
this little queen I know a pervert what I see one but the fact that it matter is why couldn't she
go in the tea room huh she shouldn't have to do anything except what she wants to do where she
wants to do it she's nursing a child you perv you don't nurse you don't feed a child in a bathroom
why don't eat in a bathroom why not barbarian I know some guys who eat in a bathroom
but nevertheless if you're offended you're the one with the problem I'm not offended I wasn't there
let's say you were you had lunch on Saturday there was no nipples being shown okay nobody was
whipping out any breasts well that's too bad stuff like that get a much bigger crowd in there if they
were and I'm and I'm sure that if I if they would have been my my lunch partner there wouldn't
have paid any attention to me believe me if there'd have been broads in here whipping out breasts
I had no no conversation like how you say something look at that so number in the 61 votes
well that's the way you straight guys are man if there's a nipple showing some like that you know
thank God the lost fags are like upstanding and that's right and uptight and where those real
tights you never think anything you know no I'm super about sex we're not a bunch of perverts just me
how often do you think about sex today is our poll don't forget 230 we got that big announcement
it could be the dolphins all it could be something like that and Joel Feinberg's really pissed off
about it and acting like a petulant child you know it's one thing you get out bit or you lose the
deal or they would rather be on like a real radio station whatever the deal might be Joel but you
always have to act like a like a petulant child that just bugs the crap out of me doesn't it
bug the crap out of you the yes act like such a child and that's the way people with a lot of
money generally act you know I want my cigarettes miss ranting I like that not crap
751 votes a 61 boy we're zoom in we'll make the thousand Chris relax just read easy and eat
some free food okay Boris Yeltsin announced his resignation as president of December 31st
99 and his handpicked successor Vladimir Poon Tang became well he's dead Boris Yeltsin is dead
how about Jimmy Yeltsin is he still alive you know fix it 761 how often do you think about sex
several times that day 402 nonstop to 18 to 18 that works for this old queen never stop
mm once or twice a day 80 in fact I'm sitting in the air for it for a lot of
days now well I better not say it see I have I have that roving eye you know I mean they just
have Carl rover effect he's on right now look at idiot jackass I just I just don't miss anything
and I mean if somebody who looks interesting to me is anywhere within you know within seeing this
and sound like mm like that yeah that makes you a guy gay dar well gay guy once or twice a day
88 seldom 44 and never never think about sex still the same and it's interesting that it came
out that number you know this is the new launcher show oh yeah I have a question where's the
bit when the Harper is a real guy co-customer not a professional spokesperson so to help tell
her story we hired a white house spokesperson I was two houses from home when a bolt of lightning flash
okay Wendy will tell her story but she will not tell it under oath and you can't take any notes
a branch fell and hit the hood of my car we're not going to comment any further as this is an
ongoing investigation I believe my car was totaled I'm gonna have to tell you once again we're not
commenting on the situation while there is an open investigation yes I thought it would take forever
to settle my claim I would refer you to my previous comment on this situation I got my check in
just two days I can't tell you how happy that made me again we can't comment at this time
guy co-real service real savings and a real load of BS there you go it's 11
11.02 at 5.60 that's what you get from the white house a real heavy load
mm smells good of BS so anyway speaking of BS and crazy politicians did you talk on Friday about
John McCain yeah absolutely about his scroll through Baghdad or bomb bomb bomb bomb
that one about his through through Baghdad about that stupid song that he broke out into bomb
by my ran no I didn't well what what what kind of crap was that this is like a joke he's a crazy
standard kind of routine this is a crazy person who obviously is very seriously affected by all
these got two chances of getting an nomination none and much less than julie and he's gonna get
the republican nomination by default and Barack Obama is gonna wipe the floor with his ass julie
and he wait till he get all that crap about his 85 wives and about his buddy there that was a
a shacked up there across from the world trade center what that was his name the burdened Bernie
Akkariq okay 76 on the pool start thinking about sex then you can vote on there
uh borce else and he was dead at 76 all that heavy duty drinking in those 45 heart attacks
actually there I don't know when this file footage is oh look at that that old lady came up and
gave him a big look at her she she's got the hot for him probably not anymore but did you see the
way she grabbed her around the neck was kiss no it was on the Spanish language channel there
somebody comes up to you and grabs you around the neck and starts giving you kissy kissy kissy
there we go I call a police man I get out of gun she just make sure it don't happen no
no is what I would do she just a little bit over the top so one thing for like a little quick
pack on the cheek that's one thing but a little bit to it what the hell is that sound like
I'm being invaded here could you hear that no are you being invaded the maid going to the
apartment like he put her right next door and boy does she make a lot of noise and all I think
intentionally she probably hates the show she's out there whistling and the singing happy tune and
but it be but it booted but about water and just hoping they don't deport her aspect wherever she
came from now you do understand that that most of these some what do they call them
the message what do you call them I don't know what you call them up there
maids oh domestic workers like that most of the marine angle aliens that's right am I right about
that so I know you wouldn't want to be on the radio I'm gonna open up the door say if you want
some publicity honey if you want to go back to Nicaragua wherever you came from then you just
keep making all that noise otherwise do they call them La Migra up there in canadia also
I'm a good partner La Migra what do you call them in you know you know because that's what they call
me graa amiga what is that why are you I'm I'm gonna call immigration on you that's what they call
immigration La Migra how about the Canadian Mouti's a I wonder what they're doing just
forcing around melting the RCMP maybe they're working Indian mounted police like Dudley do right
WQ I am hello not there in the course line nine we don't you know why even waste your time with
that seven ninety five on a pool Chris can breathe really easy now because we got a big hear since the
last break started well that's what happens when you all add them free food you start making a run
and another run and the runs and like that all I think between the two of us this morning before
maybe we inspired him huh possible I don't know what I got another one on deck I'm thinking about
on deck oh yeah I've heard that show it's called direct on deck it's the side-right show yeah
I don't think everybody yeah is he still work there Tom yeah I can't just hold anything on
this show because before Joseph I don't think anyone is anymore I think it's too much trouble oh
well that's good now you better announce to them that I'm resigning for another hundred years
because I like the checks coming in in fact what's that got to do with the important things that
are going on like what sports and like that big that over the big announcement at two thirty this
afternoon right might have something to do with a dot that one thing in by the way is in Londra London
I don't make any editorial comments about that okay because I'm sure you'll be going over for the
game right sorry big Ben struck one there let's get Mike Lang to do the games what do you say he
don't have much to do now the penguins are out deputy Q.A.M. hello and Neil yes the reception is hard
here in the stalls JC Benny Westland I was not interesting because that's the one thing you
did tell me this morning the signal is screwed up so I guess in the stalls of Westland I haven't
trouble hearing it okay Chris is back by the way oh Chris is back that's good oh you miss me
and we know what you're doing when you run out of the room you're looking for glory holes
speaking to the team room of Westland deputy Q.A.M. hello hello drop and drop back with me and it's
the story from Barry Jack as Maddog said nobody has talked him about nothing he oh no from
nothing but I've actually right now they're probably having a bit of a little talk to and I don't
know whether they're going to make the announcement of 2 30 if we do have the games back if we have the
games back whether he's going to be on a broadcast we can only pray in fact if you want to do
something constructive right now between now and 2 30 argue people out there argue dolphins argue
people love the mad dog on those games which everybody does I get on your knees right now I'm
the Lord, prayed to Jesus, prayed to Abraham Solomon, prayed to somebody, prayed to Moses,
holy Moses, that Mad Dog's back on the games.
Wouldn't you agree with that?
Yes, you would.
Even though you won't be listening.
We have 801 on the pole.
801, having lots of fun on our sex pole today.
We'll get a thousand licked easy.
Now who wrote this?
O'John Nichols in the nation.
He says the reviews are in.
The Bush White House pronounces the president's pleas with the solicitors response to the
gravel.
It is a discreet pleasure.
While the president may be satisfied with the Attorney General Gonzales' testimony to
the Senate Judiciary Committee, the response is just about everyone else, including some
of the nation's most conservative Republicans, was anything BUT positive.
There's a big BUT in the middle of that.
The online report on the testimony at the set of the National Review America's leading
conservative magazine was headlined, Albert O'Gonzalez strikes out.
The report declared the Attorney General's testimony about his role in the U.S. Attorney's
Court for the Bush Administration a disaster.
He is the master of disaster.
Judging by his testimony, you from the Senate Judiciary Committee Thursday, there are three
questions about the U.S. Attorney's Mess that Attorney General Albert O'Gonzalez wants
answered.
What did I know?
When did I know it?
And why did I fire those U.S. attorneys?
I'm certain the writer of Byron York, no liberal, he, as the day dragged on and became clear,
painfully clear to anyone who supports Gonzalez that the Attorney General didn't know the
answers.
For the record, Gonzales hit what many believed.
He had been a record for Don't Recalling by a cabinet member appearing before an oversight
hearing.
64 can't recall Don't Remember's.
And that doesn't count the dozens of Doon-Nover-Member and can't quite recollect variations.
But Gonzales would be worrying less about National Review than about Republicans on the Judiciary
Committee.
Sure Democrats were tough on Gonzales, but maybe the roughest critiques came from the Attorney
General's partisan allies.
The ranking Republican on the committee, Pennsylvania's Arlan Magic Bullets Spectre,
greeted Gonzales Thursday by suggesting that the Attorney General's account of his limited
involvement in the firing of U.S. attorneys who appeared to have rejected White House
political Tsar Karl Roves' demand that they politicized prosecutions was significantly
and not totally at variance with the facts.
In other words, liar liar, your pantaloonies are on fire.
After the hearing spectre said, I think your credibility has been significantly impaired
because of the panorama of responses you've made.
In other words, you are a freaking liar, Alberto.
Spectre of veteran prosecutor, Gonzales Testimony, raised significant questions about his ability
to manage the department has been severely undercut by the way he's handled these resignations.
Oklahoma Senator Tom Coburn, a real Nazi, perhaps the most conservative member of the panel,
was not left with any questions.
The best way to put this behind us is your resignation, Coburn, to Gonzales.
The Oklahoma and rejected the Attorney General's suggestion that he was taking responsibility
for the message that the Department of Justice is empty talk.
There have to be consequences to accepting responsibility the Senator lectured.
Why the rapid response from senators who by the old rules of George Bush's Washington
were supposed to be defending a Republican president's Attorney General, Gonzales brought it upon himself,
John Nichol says.
Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, another veteran prosecutor, said he was taken aback by Gonzales
claim that he couldn't be called November 2006 meeting which he joined top district
department AIDS in the discussion of the firings of the U.S. attorneys to say he had no recollection
whatsoever of that meeting.
I have to think about that, said Sessions.
South Carolina Senator Lindsay Amadroula-Miehu Graham told Gonzales during the hearing Thursday,
Mr. Attorney General, most of this is a stretch.
I think it's clear to me that some of these people just had personality conflicts with people
in your office or at the White House and you know we made a presence to fire them.
Graham didn't actually offer Gonzales hemlock but he did take the battle of Attorney General
through a painful thought process.
Noting that Gonzales said the decision to fire the West of Trinies came down just to these,
not being the right people at the right time.
The Senator looked at Attorney General in the eyes and asked if I applied that standard
to you, what would you say?
Call up the Gonzales standard.
Now that the Senator served from the Attorney General applying it as light of the Barb
Harterson conclusion that Alberto Gonzales is the wrong man at the wrong time.
How do you like that?
The wrong man at the wrong freaking time.
Alberto Vio5 Gonzales and Republicans of course won him out of their real fast because
they're taking the heat.
They're feeling the heat baby.
Which size writing with our pool?
Anybody out there feeling the heat?
Unlikely.
12 minutes after I'm walking off, splitting headache, you wonder what's the pressure of that
big press conference coming up at 200 degrees in the afternoon.
Oh God.
You're God.
Robert Rodriguez and Quentin Tarantino present two movies of percolating passion and caffeinated
carnage.
Coffee grind house.
First Tammy is a one-linked barista with a bad attitude.
Welcome to Starbucks.
What do you want?
And Bobby has a double roasted dark side.
I made this coffee grinder for your leg.
Let's make a fresh pot.
Together there in a espresso machine of mayhem in Robert Rodriguez, triple latte of terror.
Next, Sunny liked his Java and dark as his heart.
A cup of coffee.
Black.
And Betty Sue was sweetest sugar and smooth as cream.
You want some power with that coffee, darling?
But when Betty Sue met Sunny, it would be a night sheet regret in Quentin Tarantino's
death brew.
Bloody hell!
Bloody hell!
Sorry baby.
It's such a drive when I've had too much caffeine.
Death brew and triple latte of terror only at the coffee grind house.
1117 at 560 WQ.
I'm quite a day today.
Monday, April 22.
Baby, this will be a day that will limit and infamy.
Especially across the street.
We lost it.
I think.
I'm not really sure.
Of course, if it isn't true, they'll always be bitching about and belicking you know.
And in other words, why are they having me do this?
Why did clearance come in there and try to make me into some kind of a clown?
Do I look like a clown to you?
Oh, I just heard about it.
Why it's hitting you?
If I had one of them, what I'm pants and Adams knows is like Robin Williams.
I guess I could be a clown.
And you know what Gary Lewis says, don't you?
Everybody loves a clown.
So he says, was that Gary Lewis and the Jew boys?
I think so.
Have you got that?
Looking.
Gary Lewis and the playboys.
And of course, I know you've got to count me in.
I love that.
That's a great song.
I have not a great song.
I don't think he ever did a great song.
He was okay.
He was a little bit on the light side, so to speak.
Gary Lewis.
It's not a Jerry Lewis, by the way.
And he went to be a nominee.
He came back.
He didn't speak to anybody for about like a hundred years.
Well, I don't have a clown song at all.
Now what's, well, what do you got?
It was traumatized.
I'm not sure if it was from the Vietnam experience or the fact that Jerry Lewis was his father.
What do you got?
I got Kathy's clown by the other way, brother.
No, we don't want, what's that guy to do with Jerry Lewis and the Jew boys?
I thought you wanted a clown song.
A Jew boy.
You're talking about Joe Bell.
Bobby Goldberg.
A funny little clown.
Oh, Bobby Goldberg, so depressing.
So, it'll make you blow your mind.
Not into pressing it.
Should he Collins and send in the clowns?
How about honey?
Oh.
Is that as the honey by Bobby Goldberg?
Oh, it's brutal.
That is the most depressing.
The only song I think that's wordy pressing is my boyfriends back.
No, not my boyfriends back.
What's the song by the, you know I'm talking about?
Oh, I know you're here.
Oh, I know you're here.
You know that I'm talking about.
Yeah, I did a shank of heart.
Now that there's a word he says in this song, I have no fight, up this.
Have any say?
I don't know.
Look it up.
Now listen, listen to the lyrics.
Just by cluptious ring, what is it?
It's probably too far in ring.
I guarantee you, I'll be here in this kind of great music in Iran for Bill Lincoln,
Paul Cho from the 4th and the morning from midnight.
Let it shine for you.
Let's know.
Let me get you waiting.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Great.
Remember that I think no more?
Remember what?
The group is facing no more?
No, I never heard of it.
Are they left in on the Yovan?
It should have been...
No, yeah.
Ah.
Ah.
Ah.
Yeah.
Same Jack, yes.
You know how many years he's been doing that Zeta?
How many years is that?
20 freaking years.
20 years.
Absolutely.
And that's his claim to fame, the Yovan guy.
Ah.
Great.
Excellent job, sir.
You're an imbecile, man.
You're what's off-road is all about.
Make no mistake about it.
That's why when I went out to pick up my Sunday Sunday, Sunday, I stay on my...
on my...
uh... stoop there.
And the driveway.
And my neighbor is Waltz and his little dog.
He...
I...
He's standing as far from me to this window in front of me here.
You know, you could throw a rock through it.
That's how close I am to him.
And I said, good morning.
And he like...
He...
It was like I didn't even exist.
Not only that I had never spoken, I didn't exist.
Now let me ask you something.
You've seen me, okay?
Maybe not that recently.
But you've seen me.
Yeah.
You know, like some kind of willow of the woods.
It's kind of hard to miss my fat ass, you know?
Yep.
With a gun or a car, it's hard to miss.
That's correct.
That is absolutely correct, sir.
And he acted like...
He didn't act like anything.
He just ignored me, you know?
And I...
I know I said it aloud to him.
And you know, how it is on a Sunday morning.
It's real quiet.
That's right.
There's no traffic.
Seven o'clock in the morning on a Sunday.
Everybody's sleeping.
Even the insects are sleeping.
Even the grasshoppers aren't rubbing their hind legs together.
Or my neighbors.
And this guy just ignored Sunday morning.
Yeah, there you go.
Who in hell is that?
Johnny Cash.
Oh, Johnny Cash.
What is your big fast emotion with Johnny Cash?
I like him.
I like his voice.
I like his music.
I like his voice.
The quivering voice.
That's right.
You just didn't like him because he was ugly.
Well, that didn't help.
How many singers are...
How many singers aren't ugly?
Okay.
When you come right down to it, male or female, most singers are ugly.
Right?
Not sure I had twain.
No.
Not sure cure for damn sure.
But most singers are not bad boon back in the day.
But most of them are ugly.
There's a lot of bad things.
How about Marty Robbins?
Was he a good looking guy?
Was he a hot step?
No.
But I like that white sport coat in a pink coronation.
And at one day you actually found that.
I can't believe it.
I bet you still don't have it.
A white sport coat in a pink coronation.
Oh!
How the hell did you do that?
It's like magic.
Wow.
On QA in the world.
A white sport coat in a pink coronation.
He's all set with the ball.
On the ball.
All dressed up for the dance.
See now, do you copy?
That's pretty slow and pun, where you probably don't like that.
I know, but Marty Robbins at all.
Any of his tunes.
Yeah, and he's ugly.
So this idea that only like singers that are like hot guys, like...
You'll make exceptions if they are.
Like Luis Miguel, or Enrique, or...
Was it the two notes of his honey-coated voice if he was ugly?
Hi.
Did you say honey even?
Bobby Goals, bro.
Oh.
WQA M.
Hello.
WQA M.
Hello.
Yeah, Joe Elliott.
If Def Lepper's good-looking guy, Neil.
Is he?
I'll take your word for him.
Yeah, okay.
What are you laughing about?
What are you laughing about?
Does he even lepper?
I don't know.
Well, so what do you know?
You're laughing like you know something Mr. Rexbroker.
It was a legend of Def Lepper.
Give me a break.
He might be hot as a pistola, baby.
He might be as hot as...
Whatever that guy's name is.
What's the guy's name?
The...
I don't know.
No, you know the one I'm talking about these times.
But the Serbian Stallion.
He's pretty hot.
So is his 18-year-old wife.
What is this?
Oh, not the...
Def Lepper, yeah.
Oh, Jesus.
All of a sudden.
All that food I ate.
That's all I did all weekend was eat and the...
A lot of people out there probably in and out over the weekend.
But not the kind I'm talking about.
843 votes on the Seychelles speaking of that.
More Def Lepper?
Oh, I got a lot of Def Lepper.
I may have to go take another shower.
I feel unclean with all that.
I don't play the...
Somebody QYM, hello.
Not there.
QYM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
Uh, what do you think about the...
I don't.
Whatever you're gonna say.
I can tell by the way you're saying it.
It's that obviously I don't.
But what did I ever...
Do you know?
Yeah, you're an idiot.
You're not another idiot.
What did I ever do to you?
See, they're just like the open guy.
They have one line.
100 years if I'm on the ear in this market for 100 years, they'll be calling back in the 1990s
saying the same stupid crap.
And you know what?
I really don't care.
Come on, Norma.
I've stood at the other 50 years.
Okay, I'm ready for it.
I can handle it.
I can deal with it.
I am the man.
I am the man.
I am the queen.
I'm whatever you want.
You know.
And now that I got that great call from Jolly Jobella on Saturday, I mean, what the hell more could you possibly want?
You know?
Peace out.
Oh, in a bottle or wrong or what?
He was doing like the old Gorton Fisherman or whatever that thing is.
I remember the Gorton Fisherman.
Jolly Green Jolly, I think it's what.
Or the both of them.
They've received together the same guy.
WDQYM, hello.
Here I call them, the safer staff.
WDQYM, hello.
Peter Norris.
Oh, damn.
WDQYM, hello.
The Jolly Green Jolly.
Oh, the Jolly Green Jolly.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, there is.
Yes.
George had a very controversial schedule.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And hopefully you weren't on it.
Although I would imagine probably a hundred times.
A very controversial show with Reverend John's and his other group of misfits.
You got years to look forward to OK.
You idiots.
You morons.
You ash holes.
OK.
And I have no problem.
I don't care.
I'm just plotting right along.
No more complaints from this kid, OK?
Because the one thing I know about this company, they won't lift a finger.
Well, they'll lift a finger.
All right.
George has seen which one it is too many of them.
Mm-hmm.
Have any of them.
Oh, yeah.
Anytime George comes in the building, he always sees that finger.
In fact, I think they brought it in from Algo.
That's the Russian pompano.
I got two for them.
They got that ceramic figure.
Just like in clockwork orange, they had that ceramic rocking thing.
I met that thing and got a picture taken with it.
Last year.
That rocking penis.
Yes.
Oh, be damned.
I'll send you the picture of it.
Well, I'll pass.
It makes the biggest star I've actually met in person.
How often do you think about sex is our full question today?
Several times a day, 446.
Non-stop, 238.
Non-stop.
Once you're twice a day, 100.
That's boring people.
Once you're twice a day.
It must be either older, boring, or can't get later.
Sell them 51.
And never, we got another one.
10 people never think about sex.
Can just imagine what they look like.
It's like beer.
Oh, God.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar, guys.
Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar, guys.
Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar, guys.
You lug your crap around night after night.
Just so some drunken slough can butcher piano man.
It's high the ground, oh, the noise.
Oh.
Your equipment is state of the game.
Your karaoke collection is the best.
But you are 42 years old.
And you still live with mother.
Owl.
Bring me my tape.
You fancy yourself as an entertainer.
But does it really take any talent to introduce Sue and Josh singing boggaritaville?
Where's the software to sound now?
Sure.
Your cushy gif means you meet a lot of chicks.
But they all smell like hot wings and look like John Madden.
So we salute you.
Mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar, guys.
Your Myspace page.
Your nine volt batteries.
And your hosted notes.
You are a real American A-hole.
Number 32.
So anyway, I got an email from Johnny G.
You know, my good close person, buddy.
Johnny G.
Yeah.
So anyway, what happened was these people that served this meal.
They also got fans' pony page.
So they sent friend requests to a whole bunch of regular people on there,
which is why some of these regular people showed up on there.
And Johnny said, well, should I delete it?
Because I thought you had something to do with it.
I got nothing to do with it.
Okay, it's got nothing to do with me, with my life, with this show, with George,
with Chris, with Josh, with Josh's girlfriend, with your mama, anybody else.
So I'm just passing that information along.
And if you want to confambulate on there, go ahead and have a good time.
It's got nothing to do with me.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay.
Why, like kind of a disclaimer?
All right.
Don't forget, 230 to sack to known.
Where's the disclaimer?
We got something big going on.
Oh no.
854 votes.
Even Chris has been after we're now.
Did you make a run?
Is that what it was?
Did I?
Chris.
I did earlier than George just did now.
What?
Well, I got back in time.
I made a run earlier.
What is going on in that place?
I think Joel Feiburge may have a point.
I think QM is full of it.
We'll be called excitement.
That must be it.
Full of it.
I think there's a couple letters missing on that word.
It...
Anyway, what now?
What did you just say?
Oh, the English...
All the English...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
All right.
Keep it quiet.
Mom's the word.
Mom's the word.
A fight between the U.S. Congress and President George W. Bush over the Iraq War will
break out this week.
When Democrats are expected to send him $100 billion to pay for a continuing combat,
while...
See, part of this is chopped off with drawing troops.
Bush has promised to veto any bill setting dates for moving U.S. combat soldiers in this pathetic,
this bloodbath now in its fifth year.
When a Democratic-controlled panel sent in the House Representative's members meets today,
Aaron out differences between the respective bills.
The product is expected to contain 2008 withdrawal dates.
When the doubt pull out.
Many lawmakers have been speculating those dates might be non-binding as sketched out by a Senate-pass bill.
The longer we continue down the president's path, the further we'll be from responsibly ending this war
since the majority leader, the extraordinarily wimpy and ineffectual Harry Reid,
who on Thursday said the war in Iraq was lost, just like he is.
He knows lost.
He looks in the mirror and he says, oh, that's lost.
The Nevada Democrat who called for a change of course in Iraq made his remarks during a week in which he
frustrated barbs and his violence and killings in Iraq spiked again.
Remember spiked Jones?
How about Spike Lee?
Ever see his movies?
Yeah.
Strickly for a goyem baby.
Strickly for a dark one.
My mother used to go watch Spike Lee movies.
How'd she like them?
I don't know.
You want to know?
I'll call her and find out.
859 votes on the pool.
How often do you think about six?
Non-stop.
In fact, right now I'd so much rather be, you know, hopped on some real hot number.
In fact, maybe even the Serbian studs, standing in whatever his name is.
Just rolling around on the floor out there in the living room.
That's why they call it the living room.
Time for some good living, baby.
Just rolling around there, screaming and yelling and making all kinds of noise.
And stuff like that, you know.
Boys will be boys.
Something to think about.
Something to fantasize about.
WDQAM, hello.
You called the display of power of carrots.
Oh, wait, let me ask you this.
What day's the Kentucky Derby must be week from this Saturday, right?
A Brazen display of something?
Remember you've forgotten about that.
I forgot all about it.
First Saturday and May, baby.
Now this Saturday is going to be the 20th.
So I would assume it's like May 5 or whatever the number is.
May be.
We're going to count to that, huh?
That may be.
He's got to flip it.
Yeah, flip it a little bit and I counted to.
Yeah.
Yeah.
May 5, right?
May 5.
I would believe that's the run for the roses.
I could be wrong, so you'll be confavoriting with Dave Johnson.
Tell him that more.
Don't touch those roses.
Beards, too, by the way.
You don't want to forget that.
WDQAM, hello.
No, I'm not quite familiar with that.
Yeah, right.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I like curling in the Derby.
What do you think?
Yeah.
Hey, George.
Come down, back.
That's right.
It's right in the door.
Drop it in.
Now, the door.
I'll be in the studio.
Yes.
Howard.
It's your buddy.
WDQAM, hello.
It's good to have you back from Amsterdam.
Yeah, okay.
Boring.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is it true that the Dolphins want Joel Feinberg to go fill in all the glory holes in the
Dolphins locker room now?
WDQAM, hello.
We've got the Dolphins.
We did it.
Yay.
Oh, man.
And you wonder why I come down there like on a Friday and get out of there on a Sunday night.
Man, oh, man.
Hi, if you could see how fast I move when I'm going through that into the jetway into
the plane, the one that's coming out of there like last night, I'm zooming down that jetway,
baby.
Get me out of this plane and get me out of here.
Please, please, please.
Cracker, please.
WQAM, hello.
Is anybody there ever watching Planet Earth on the coverage channel?
No.
Oh, you know, come on.
You get that beautiful television and high death and not watching some of the most amazing film ever.
No, never heard of it.
Oh, great.
If you would have sent us to Faxor called Sooner, I would have seen the whole thing.
I don't even know what you're talking about.
Don't worry about it.
It's not for seven more weekends, eight o'clock, Sunday night, the coverage channel.
Well, I was on a plane coming back up here last night.
How the hell could I watch the Discovery Channel?
They don't have a live TV on one?
It's been on for five weeks.
Yeah.
So I missed all the good stuff.
And, well, tonight, 9 o'clock, here is...
WQAM, hello.
What are you available for?
WQAM, hello.
Any, you?
Yes, sir.
Hey, this color is the sun.
Yeah.
And you, sir.
And what do you got?
What do you got, mister?
Hey.
Come on, let's hear it.
What do you got?
Say something.
What do you got?
Yeah, that's what you got, exactly.
Well, I got one of those.
Yeah.
That was a poison brewery.
That wasn't just any old raspberry.
That was a poison brewery.
You could smell it.
These colors suck.
What do you got to say, mister?
Nothing.
And you want to know why?
Because you know, there's mindless lunatic from South Florida.
But I don't know, I don't know.
Like that.
You're a simple-din, baby.
That's the bread and butter in the meat of potatoes of South Florida.
Make no mistake about it.
I think what I'm going to start doing is taking a thousand calls every day.
How do you like that?
All just like that.
Everyone from ending with a psh, some kind of a berry.
A raspberry, a poison brewery, a blueberry, a strawberry.
Right?
Right.
864 votes, by the way.
I think we're going to be like 900-ish by the top of the air by noon
and we still have two hours to go.
Damn it.
Couldn't we start that big announcement like a 12-30 instead of 230?
Does that sound like a winner?
Oh, right.
Let's have a big press conference about it at 230.
It's a big secret.
Barry Jackass only wrote about it like two days ago.
Maybe I'll read Barry's column again and read some of those nifty quotes from Joel.
I'm a sore loser fine bird.
I'm a Jackass.
Yes, you are, Joel.
You're a simple-din, you're pathetic.
You're a pathetic.
All I will say is that two gotses is General Manager.
You know what I mean?
I don't mean like if we made Lenny Martez the General Manager.
Although in our case, it could only be a step up.
No Saturday night for me.
Yoga?
You see there's a letter in the top ten bush picks.
Those are cute.
Those are great.
I didn't.
I'm sure I was.
Right now.
Just in case you want to turn off those Ho Chi Cootie channels that you sit there watching
the video and the show.
You're not fooling me.
It's Ho Chi Cootie, baby.
That's right.
That's right.
So I watched the basketball game last night between a little bit of ruckus in Tennessee.
The women's final.
How some rough girls from ruckus, man.
They got tattoos and nothing nappy headed.
I was there.
I'm gonna take that.
I'm sorry.
I did that.
I did a bad thing.
But I'm a good person.
So you come to side your resignation?
No, I'm not side-eye thing.
Wow.
Hey, we ought to play that till 2.30.
My director is Steven Spielberg and the scientist who claimed chickens evolved from the
Taurasaurus Rex.
Nobody move.
Well, something that's interesting, but there are things that are missing on this list here on his disc.
Did you get the same disc that I did?
From ACN?
Yeah.
343.
No, I don't think I get them anymore.
Well, you should catch your lucky start to this thing.
That's not really interesting.
There's one that's called Bill O'Reilly and Geraldo Rivera-Go-Nuts.
Yeah, that's not actual...
That's not a bit.
That's a clip from something that happened on...
I understand that, but I'm just saying it's not on there.
Oh, I can download it.
You got it?
I have the ability.
Well, don't do it right now.
In the middle of the show, that would be bad.
Kill some good time, but that would be really bad.
Okay, let's take a look.
8.76 on the pool.
Like I said, it's gonna be around 900 by noon time.
And then we still got two more hours.
1,000 is a given today.
Even though we hit like kind of a late start on this thing.
And you wonder why we hit late start on this thing.
Because I should have said to you, hey, put a poll on there for Monday.
Or hey, I should have said that.
Yeah, well, whatever.
And you're not gonna go ahead and do that on your own.
You're gonna go for your own.
What are you gonna put one on there?
That's right.
Plus it's from the levels of work.
Like Saturday, I sent Josh one story for Sunday morning.
Nice.
He got it on there.
One story.
It wasn't even a good one.
Here's what it was.
Life who shot preacher, Joe, the man slaughter, had 53 reads.
I mean, that's called screwing off bad, baby.
And of course, at least I said one no like the week before you didn't send any one day.
Right?
Right.
So we're just screwing off on a weekend.
Okay, just the way it is.
We're overworked and underpaid and stuff like that.
Right?
Some of us.
Overworked, underpaid.
I mean, four hours of this every day for like the next one.
15, 20 years, that what Joe said?
We just wanna hang on to you, man.
We wanna milk the old cash cow.
Yeah, the cow is the right word.
Milk the old cow.
884 votes on the pool.
How often do you think about sex?
SEX?
Sex?
Doing it.
Being there, thinking about it, squeezing it.
Several times at 807.
Of course, it can be a variety of things, you know, like that's squeezing.
Right.
Squeezing with good reason and kind of like, please.
Do you wanna hear this thing?
Sure go ahead.
Doesn't have a right to be in this country.
But that's not something to do with the fact that you're not drunk.
You should have been with that drunk.
He should have been deported.
And this mayor and the police chief didn't deport him.
Listen, you know how many people we have in jail?
How many of them are illegal aliens?
Illegal aliens commit crimes that a lower rate than citizens do.
Disguised Jews.
You wouldn't have been through your jet set.
It's nothing to do with illegal aliens.
It has to do with drunk driving.
It does.
Don't obscure it.
He should have been deported.
To make a cheap political point.
On the fire.
And the cheap political.
And you know what?
Disguised Jews.
This has nothing to do with the whole world.
You want anarchy mayor.
You want nothing to do with that mayor.
You want anarchy mayor.
No, we're going to open border anarchy.
What I want is fairness.
We have lured these people with a property job in a country where there is basically full
domestic employment.
We have four decades lured them here.
And now we're starting a mob scene.
You're going to have a money.
You're going to, you're going to, you're going to, you're going to, you're going to, you're
abuse to, you're knocking on people's door, you're going to, you're illegal.
I want to take you outside and do what I want.
I want the law in forms.
History have seen what happens.
I want the law in forms.
And then you don't say it bills.
He's going to go outside and do something.
I can only imagine.
I can only imagine.
I can only imagine.
If you look at what he has to say.
I would be a chair for this battle.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
I would be a chair for this battle.
In the last few days, both former President Bill Clinton and political strategy
James Carvellos speculated that a growing end up entering the crowded field.
On Thursday, Clinton told Larry King, you've got the prospect of Vice President Gore
might run, and Boston Herald columnist Howie Car refers to a speech Carvell
gave a Tulane in Orleans early this week.
Al Gore will run, he said, citing George Wills' observation, that running for
President is like sex.
You don't do it once and forget about it.
Isn't that clever?
You don't do it once and that you forget about it.
Well, I can just imagine some people having sex with certain other people doing a once and a
thing.
Oh, I don't think so, never again.
Not a good idea, not, you know, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I'm just saying that there are certain people I like to beast for example.
That's a bad example.
Like Josh Friedman.
If something alive had sex with Josh Friedman, I think it would only be a one-time deal, you know.
And then they'd probably give it up.
Oh, I don't know, there's all types out there.
Chubby Chasers?
Smelly Chubby Chasers?
There has to be.
We ought to do a poll on that.
Which chair smelled worse?
The one that made me so over.
Or the one that Josh Friedman schmutzed up.
Don't make me choose.
Huh?
Don't make me choose.
Yeah, and the interesting part of it is George was within sniffing distance of both of them.
Hmm.
And you wonder why I was like this early?
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten, come on.
Let's hear about it.
Let's hear about Albert Baldwin at Horrible Tape, who is 11-year-old daughter.
See, maybe you can explain this to me.
I'll start from the in-anity of it.
And it has to be in all of those flux shows, you know.
Mm-hmm.
And on CNN and MSNBC, they got a lot of time to fill.
Right.
But why is that anybody's business?
It's not.
Who cares about Alec Baldwin and his bitchy little daughter?
I mean, maybe she is a pig or whatever you call her.
Maybe she's a nasty, snotty bitch.
Maybe.
Isn't it possible that 11-and-fville-year-old girls could be nasty, snotty bitches?
I mean, I don't know, but-
More than possible, I've known several.
There you go.
There you go.
It's possible to take it from George Rodriguez, who is known almost every female ever born on a planet.
He says there's 11-and-fville-year-old girls who are snotty little nasty, whatever they're else he call her.
Bitches.
So quit picking an Alec Baldwin, okay?
I think it's an Earth-for-Rean Propaganda piece.
Right, so that's probably where they got the tape from Kim Jong-un and Matt Damon.
9-0-2.
What did I tell you, Chris?
We'd ever were 900 by the top of the hour.
And we got the big 230 press conference coming up this afternoon on WQAM.
It's going to be the mad dog and the hopper is going to be there eating 14 bowl of new sandwiches.
Now maybe you could take him aside.
No.
And maybe- maybe in your spare time you could like-
Listen, listen to me.
Can I at least finish?
All right, if you must.
As an actor friendship to my gigantic fat friend, maybe you could go shopping for him once a week and bring him a few bags of things.
No one wants help.
No one wants anybody sticking their nose into their business.
Yeah.
I wouldn't.
I was busy working popsicles all weekend.
Really?
Well, yeah, they have these new, they're called lifesaver sugar-free popsicle and they're addictive.
Oh, I thought that was code for something else. I'm sorry.
I don't speak in code, okay? If I was doing what you think-
Oh, you're on the radio.
I come right out and I would like spin it out.
Yeah.
So what I heard, yeah.
When you got that information.
For the first concert of the new 30.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
All right.
Time race out.
Here.
I want some wins.
You wait till that boy like gravy wins.
Please, a football player do a solid wall of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do, let's lose him those two keys.
Absolutely.
I want to hit him go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does my baby be a sports queen if I want to see him grab the ball?
Absolutely.
Oh, baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
You wait till that boy like gravy wins.
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna ever get none.
No days of a business school.
Okay, that's not so great.
But I'm personal that it's not me.
At least until he's 28.
Oh.
I'm great.
Now.
I want some wins.
You wait till that boy like gravy wins.
Oh, baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
You wait till that boy like gravy wins.
So rumor has it that they're like, I got you.
I got it.
I got it.
Oxygen tanks on the way to the big 106 studios to revive, to resuscitate Ron and ancient Paul.
Okay, they're 15 hour marathon.
Everyday they're going to do that excellent programming.
Bring it.
The Elijah show started 5 a.m. starting tomorrow.
We go to midnight.
Crazy.
Just crazy people, but that's this business.
You know what I tell you?
Business is finished.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, Norm, are we up for another 20 years?
Okay, we'll take the money.
Who's going to empty my bag from here every day?
Who's going to push me around in my chair?
I guess that would be your prime beneficiary.
Of course.
Oh, he just came in and said thank you, by the way.
Oh, he got it?
Yes, yes, he did.
He said thank you.
I don't know, I just said sweetheart or something like that.
He would cringe, you know.
I like doing that.
He called it tuts.
No, I did not say tuts.
Oh, yeah.
Sugar British's was good.
I love that.
I'll use that next time.
Honey bun.
Yeah, love bun.
Sugar pie honey bun.
Like that.
Let's see, even you know that I don't have even the slightest.
I mean, he's a nice guy and he's not a bad looking guy.
He's, you know, he is what he is.
He's a good guy.
So he said thank you.
See, at least he's got a little bit of class, Josh.
He's got some class.
He said at least he's coming and say thank you so very much for helping me.
And we're a little dog, yes.
And we're all this you've seen as girlfriend.
You know, he's got some ass.
Class and ass.
Now we're talking.
It's right.
This is the station that put the ass in class.
We put the ASS and CLAA and whatever it is.
919 on the full.
You know damn well.
You know pretty damn well.
We're going to have a thousand by a one o'clock.
And then George can do one to two.
Don't do that.
Don't do what?
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
We're talking music.
You always put.
We got 15 people who say they never think about sex.
Those are not people I want to be around.
I don't want to know.
They might not have things.
They might not have things.
They might have been torn off in a farming accident or something.
Oh, that reminds me.
I played that Brady Quincy.
I was going to mention about the NFL Combine since we're so dull and intensive.
They didn't press conference in 230.
But at the NFL Combine is that what it's called?
Chris?
Yes.
Now what do they do?
They measure like they have calipers and they measure like body fat.
They basically run them through everything that they can do.
But I think I have like calipers.
I guess.
I don't know.
I've never been there.
They have the best place for sex.
They're like those benches.
Yeah.
They have.
Peanuts.
Like a miniature peacher and a doberman peacher.
I've got to get a few dogs.
In fact, just to show you what a hard ass I am because there's no dogs lie in my building,
I'm going to go get a pick up all the strays on the street and I'm going to bring them in here.
What about the dogs?
Forget about them.
I'm not in that.
What have I ever happened to that?
Do we still have that thing on that you or Paige in the dog?
I don't know.
I was telling somebody about that over the weekend.
They couldn't believe it.
They said go check it out.
It's the only thing with this.
Yeah.
He said this is the positive refresher.
Something like that.
Wow.
I couldn't believe it myself.
Well, it goes to show you dogs.
Oh, I thought they were.
That's right.
Even if you don't have thumbs.
A lot more on you or two.
That's right.
Even if you don't have some people who are all thumbs, he's no thumbs.
And he's still was able to get the job done from the appearance of it.
I don't want to look at it again though.
919 votes on the pool.
All you sex crazed maniacs out there.
How's the guy with the eyes doing?
Who do you think he's doing?
Oh, listen.
Why do you want to conjure these kinds of images?
Right in the middle of lunch.
First, if it's Josh Peepol taking all you're doing this.
You're us.
Yes, I am.
I'm a sick bastard.
And I admit it.
And that's why people listen to this show.
Because I'm a sick bastard.
I admit it.
I talk about it.
I'm proud of it.
Be a pervert and be proud.
Okay.
That's what I say.
I'll just crap out.
Oh, you're a pervert.
Yes.
So what's the point?
Your mama.
Your mama's so socks and hell.
How do you like that?
You're a pervert.
Yes.
And I'm proud of it.
And I'm working at it very diligently.
Very hard.
WQA M.
You.
Yes, sir.
I think about sex, but only from 10 to 2.
Give it to you.
Give it to you.
Hmm.
And of course, every day we've got to get one of these.
This is the Miami Doth and football and marijuana.
I'm Joseph Gackie.
And now we're talking.
There is the answer.
Joseph Gackie sucks.
Okay.
That could be the answer.
I mean, Jimmy Sifil is what did the Pistach Joel find, bird say?
We got to think of the Pistach Caveman, which we're getting really tired of.
Maybe we were placing Pistach Joel Fimer from across the street at the ticket.
Where they're like having a nervous breakdown because it often said,
uh-uh, I guess, according to what he said.
Did I, did I submit Candaberry Jack Ascolon?
Probably because I didn't want to take a chance of reading it again and letting it,
the cat out of the bag because it's such a big, it's a big secret.
I don't, I don't see it.
You got it?
No.
Well, why did he not?
I was, I don't mean something.
I want to have it.
I don't care about it.
It's not interested.
Oh, I do have a story.
Remember we were doing the thing last week or was it the week before about the foods, you know,
about the foods that are bad for you?
Uh-huh.
Veal.
Oh, and I don't know where the rest of the story is.
Oh, here it is.
And you know what this is about?
Your least favorite group.
One of your least favorite groups in the entire universe.
Peter.
Peter.
Peter.
Yeah.
Veal to love without the guilt.
You know, this was an article in New York Times that's got a beautiful picture.
I don't know what kind of what that is.
A Veal chop with spinach, which you have.
You have to have your spinach?
Yeah.
And by the way, I ordered a Veal chop once and they gave it to me with a big pile of spinach
on it.
It was all cooked together.
The Veal tasted like spinach.
It was nasty.
Mmm.
The most successful animal rice for a cat in the US started more than 20 years ago and had
nothing to do with foie gras.
Fla gras.
How do you say that?
That's foie gras.
That's right.
Huh?
Fla gras.
We.
Well, up yours.
When photographs are forming a fed Veal cans, tethered in crates where they couldn't turn
around a period across the country, sales are veal plummeted.
I remember the two of us don't have the Veal Lady anymore.
Remember her?
Yes.
The Veal Lady.
She used to call and just rip me and ask, yeah, yeah.
Baby cow.
I love my Veal, baby.
I love my Veal Marsala.
I love Veal Parmesan.
Veal Amatwachiana.
Veal Americana.
Veal Tatiana.
Veal Arvind.
They have never recovered Veal sales in the 50s and 60s Americans a four pounds of
Veal a year on average.
They per capital consumption is about only a half a pound a year.
Oh, let's hear it for those living baby cows.
It wasn't until a few years ago that some farmers finally got the message and changed the
way their calves were raised.
Some returned to the old fast method, putting them out to pasture with their mothers.
With your mama.
And then we'll chop you up and have you for dinner.
Go spend some time with your mom and then we'll carve your ass.
John Holloway of Misty Morning Farm and Curie Tree Pennsylvania was one of them.
Unfortunately, I was a sinner, he said.
I didn't raise factory Veal.
All the chemicals and antibiotics steroids I used.
We wouldn't let our friends eat what we used to raise.
For our own use, we were raising humane Veal.
Now all of his Veal is pastured and organic.
Well thank God for that.
Others got rid of the crates but kept their calves in barn pence, letting them mingle
with other calves and giving them room to walk and turn around.
Their calves are young and single and they love to mingle.
They love their bingle.
Oh not another pole here.
Oh I do like that.
Oh well what does this provide oral gratification to their lover?
Give me a break.
Oh brother that sounds very very sexual to me.
Getting back to the calves.
I mean it's a pole somebody had.
Yeah.
Caves raised this way are still separated from their mothers and most still get a milk replacement
formula not mother's milk.
But some also get grain law with the milk replacement.
Those changes on the form of lead to corollary changes in the kitchen, a humanary serendipity
that's just being, remember the serendipity singers what was their song?
Don't let the rain come down.
I'll find out.
The serendipity singers.
What you used to do is put on little dipty do and listen to serendipity singers.
Serendipity do?
No the serendipity do that's correct.
You got it?
I got it.
What is it?
Don't let the rain come down.
Is that the song?
Don't let the rain come down.
I'm right.
Don't let the rain come down.
Got it my smoke.
Don't let the rain come down.
What is it?
I do anything worthwhile.
I really do smoke.
Don't let the rain come down.
What year?
What year?
Come on.
You queer?
Oh, 67.
Oh, way off with her.
64?
What was that work in 1964?
I was working in the 1964.
I was working in the 1964.
I was in WTN, Batavia, New York.
That was my first full-time radio job.
I was working like from 6th to midnight.
WBTA, Batavia.
And I did a show from the racetrack.
Stan Beren used to do the show.
15 minutes show from Batavia Downs.
And then when he go on vacation,
I would go over there and do the show.
And out here is Max Robinson with a call tonight's featured race.
Or he had a big bulls-y voice, Max Robinson.
Veal from Canvas fed sufficient grass
or grain as well as milk has real character in flavor.
Oh, I love my Veal, man.
Rhymes with Neal, Veal God.
For anyone who knows only the bland will fashion Veal,
it is as if brand new ingredients have been discovered.
Tasting the new Veal is not unlike biting into your first heirloom tomato
from the garden.
After lifetime beating supermarket tomatoes bread for durability.
You know those green gash tomatoes?
They give you the gas?
Even Stanley Lowe Bell, the fine meat-prevare Lowe Bells of New York,
were Veal from created formula fed calves,
was once factored beyond all of this because of it.
Cut it with a fork tendonous, says the new Veal is better.
It's better and it's like butter.
Veal becomes more flavorful if it's allowed to walk around, he said.
Well, how do you like that?
I wonder if Jeffrey Dahmer knew that.
If you like the victims walk around a little bit,
then they become more tender and juicy.
Mmm, like that, yeah.
Jeffrey Dahmer, they killed his ass in the pen.
Well, not a shame?
Not.
Just like poor father Gagan.
Well, yeah.
Well, yeah.
Well, yeah.
Well, yeah.
I think all these child molesting priests, man,
every one of them ought to give Gagan.
Gagan.
But they think in what a whine though.
937 votes on a world famous pool.
We got a big announcement coming up at 230.
I better reprint that very jackass article.
And you know where I can find it right on your Rogers.com.
How do you like that?
Yeah, I do like it.
You know, I like printing off stories off of that site, off of our site.
Because the print is big, because the print is big,
they print right out of return.
There's not, you don't have to like highlights certain stuff.
It's a much higher baby.
Even in China, they know what that means.
It's a much higher.
Even the Goyum know what that means in New York.
See, that's one thing.
There's three million Jews in New York.
So they kind of like rub off on everybody else.
So even the Goyum speak a lot of Jewish.
They have to the survive.
Which I think can only be a good thing.
Right, Candid?
Yiddish is great.
Baruch, hot dog.
I don't know if that's not Yiddish, that's Hebrew, maybe.
Let's get back to my bar mitzvah, Mafter.
I'm going to recite it on the ear the middle of the week.
My cab guy, my lesbianie's cab guy, he's telling me about his son's con.
What do they call it?
Confirmation?
Or is that the girls?
The cat legs.
Both, I think.
Yeah, it's both.
Confirmation for guys and girls.
Oh yeah, he says well, because I was telling him I was thinking about going to Niagara.
To Fallsview in a couple of weeks, I told him this last week.
And he said, well, but it'd be put a loop, put it up.
And don't pick, I forget what the date was.
Because my son's confirmation that we got to be in church all day that day.
And I said,
I'll tell you one thing, if he knew I was Jewish, he'd be taking me for a nice ride.
My lesbianie's cab guy.
He's cab guy.
Yeah, he's a re-ride.
Yeah.
Probably in the Lake Ontario.
I could swim right across the strong memorial hospital in Lake Avery, my asswear.
Wouldn't it be something to die in the same hospital you were born in?
That would be something.
Wow.
That would be really phenomenal.
That's what I'm going to do.
I'm going to range to die at strong memorial hospital in Martin Chester.
The same place where I was born November 4th, not 5th.
What is it, knife?
1942.
And what do you think that would mean?
Nothing? Nothing, that's correct.
Oh my god.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Hey, 36.
On 66 WF, New York, I'm Don Don, I'm going to sit and hang up.
What's this?
A pain slip?
I was talking.
On my morning's y'all.
Said something about some nappy headed hos.
Bunch of people got really pissed.
Said that Don I miss is a racist.
Limely I'm am as well I am.
Not in the Ku Klux Klan.
I'm the I'm am as right as me.
And say it, I got canned.
Bunch of dopy weasels.
I told the world.
I apologize.
But that wasn't enough.
But that Reverend Sharpton guy.
Thanks a lot.
Yes, finalist Jirks.
Now the I'm am is out of work.
I'm the I'm am.
Fire from WFAM.
I just got canned.
Like I said, back to the ranch.
You can't be serious.
I don't know if it's serious.
I don't know if it's a milk carmesan.
Yeah.
Let's get him mumbling in stereo baby.
That should be really tremendous.
That's what he wanted 560.
I may be old and craggy, but at least I can still articulate.
You know what I'm saying?
I can still evacuate and articulate.
What did you say?
You heard it.
So here's a P.
Now this is the same M.D.
Remember last week we had one who was a someone doctor who had sent something to university
and then they forwarded it to me.
They factored.
So I don't know.
It doesn't just look to you like the same thing like it was sent from him to somebody else.
And they passed it by Bupus and by Lupus and whatever.
Yes.
Second hand.
It's signed P.
You know what?
Why did you put a name on it for quite a lot?
Put a name on your faxes.
Even just a made up one, you idiots.
It says, he knew in George.
I'm at all from switching stations.
I want you to know this morning.
Joe Rose already announced that 790 has the fins no mo.
No mo.
Now do I have that thing cleaned up in here?
Did I clean that the...
Here it is.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David, who I get along with great.
Sure.
I thought he called me and...
Cool.
Saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
It's immediately listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids.
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
I have no idea.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
I have no line.
So anyway, he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
Sure.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
Done.
Done.
Done.
Bye done.
Okay.
Anyway, getting back to P and his effects on the office switching station.
I just want you to know this morning.
Joe Rose already now said 790 has the fins no more.
Don't don't don't don't.
Every time he said 790, the ticket home of the no sound for a minute.
It was pretty funny.
Oh, I see a home of the where they used to say home of the dolphins.
Home of the home of the home of the.
Nothing.
Also Rose said Rose can't stand fine.
We're going to think I it says here.
I think we'll be back on QM.
We belong by September says this thing for fiber to say Rose won't consider going to.
If you him is laughable, he probably would come back for less.
Well, wouldn't that be a feather in our cap?
Get the dolphins and Joe Rose wouldn't that be something?
Again, this is just people thinking out loud.
I do want you to understand that.
Not that we have any out loud.
That's the way to think, baby.
Always think out loud.
Nothing wrong with that.
People can say what?
What you be thinking there, man?
Because you're thinking out loud.
Oh, what a station that was.
Wamy.
Wow, those were the days, man.
In fact, you can see some of those clips on that you stuff on our page.
What the hell is that?
Oh, I knocked it down.
I hate when I do that.
It's always an active excitement.
Wamy, get it.
It's stuck.
Knock it down to the audition line.
Do you ever do that?
All the time.
And then P goes out to say on Alec Baldwin's message to his daughter.
It doesn't take a genius to see.
He's an egomaniac.
The message is all about him and his feelings and his despicable.
P says I have a 12-year-old daughter.
But the fact that Basinger released the recording shows all she cares about
is ruining Baldwin's reputation.
And in essence, it's all about her and Revenge.
Both these parents are pieces of Schmidt in my opinion.
And of course the kid is stuck in the middle.
Right.
I know about this because my divorce was ugly.
It says luckily my kid was only two at the time.
She didn't have much of a clue as to what was being said.
George did a great job when you were gone, but good to have you back.
That was only gone for one day.
I mean, it was going before I got back.
What was a great day?
I did not tell you that at the beginning of the show today.
George did a phenomenal job on Friday, man.
Right.
We taught the audience how to hit on deaf checks.
And he was talking...
Oh, yeah!
Which is the only way to do it.
Let me see if I can knock that down or yeah, I did it again.
9.58 on the sex pool today.
I mean, that's easy pick and see.
That's why I did it.
Because I knew the pool would have a late start because I was screwing off all weekend.
And I've paint too much responsibility to my duties.
Whatever the hell that means.
Pain too much attention to my...
Whatever I was going to say.
How often do you think about sex that's our pool question today?
In other words, are you alive?
Are you living and breathing?
Does that thing work?
That's the question.
If I can translate it for you, are you alive?
I was thinking about that will be the other day.
Do you ever see it?
It's alive.
Sure I saw it.
Couple of three times.
Although you know something?
I think I'm confused because it was really in Frankenstein.
What did they say?
It's a knife!
Who said that?
Frankenstein, Doctor, Doctor.
Not the monster.
Remember the monster's novel?
What was the character that Bill and Rosie played?
Igor.
Igor was a hunchback.
That's right.
That's right.
Henry Frankenstein.
Wasn't that his name?
No.
Henry Frankenstein.
Victor, Victor, Victor Von.
Victor Frankenstein.
Whatever his name was.
Victor Von Frankenstein.
It's a lie!
I keep thinking that was from that movie.
No.
Although that was the name of the movie.
Yeah.
I would like that guy that's in all the cheesy movie.
Michael Moriarty.
Right.
Was he in Step Dad Parts 1 through 100 Cent like that?
No, that was a different guy.
Are you sure?
Yes.
Get out of here.
See ya.
961 votes on a poll.
Chris knows that by one o'clock we have a thousand and then Joe Feinberg will really be having nervous breaking.
The biggest thing.
He'll be joisin' all over the place.
And then he'll be Joe Feinberg.
He'll be radio 560.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Or...
Right up me knows...
The ashes of my...
Dear old dad...
Right up me knows...
It was...
The greatest...
High...
Me ever had...
And my mistakes...
Not too much to know.
Terrible nose bleed.
Finally...
We're close.
That's right up me knows.
It's just a hoax baby.
Right up me knows...
My dad's dad's who...
Just passed away.
Right up me knows...
Is how I celebrate...
Father's day.
It may miss nice.
Yes it did.
Not to mention the terrible nose bleed.
Finally...
We're close.
Who wants dads right up me knows.
I leave one of the tissue for God's sake.
I'm very...
Oh...
There he is, video's out.
Well, you haven't been behind me.
12.32 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Big announcement coming at 2.30 this afternoon.
It's a real surprise isn't it?
No.
A major shock to everybody's like...
Nervous system?
Huh?
No.
9.72 on a poor body weight 9.72.
There's the battling work.
I wonder if she's still got that waxy bill up down there.
She was disgusting.
She was a Randy wannabe.
Right.
When you come right down to it, who would want to be a Randy wannabe?
Her?
I guess.
Now, whatever happened to her,
if she's still on the ear somewhere like one of those 14 wad stations
that has a whole lot of someone who knows if I ever meet them.
No.
9.72 on a poor body.
Now, if I click that view current, boy, there are a cashier.
9.73.
See, there's another one sneaked in there.
A cashier said of her reading nifty dealer.
Hasn't he nifty?
People that use the word nifty, they make me want a puke.
Anyway, speaking of things that make you want a puke, hundreds of students at FIU.
We're stranded outside this morning and I'm unable to take final exams.
After a bomb threat,
closed the building on campus, police said.
See, this is monkey-seem, monkey-do, it's the American FNW baby.
We have one horrendous thing happen in one place.
And so right away, air everybody in a brother.
Didn't we have a Hollywood Hills last week one day?
That's a real good, yep.
South Campus Charles Perry Building,
better known as La Primera Casa,
was put on lockdown about 10 a.m.
The five straight building houses both classrooms and administrative departments.
Why is it called the south of the Charles Perry Building,
but it's better known as La Primera Casa?
Well, what is that?
Besides not English.
Not English.
Official said it would be closed till at least 11 o'clock.
Well, Jesus, this is old news.
I just got this off the Harold website.
Can't you idiot's update a little bit?
You more on's?
You wonder everybody hates the Harold Lake poison.
Meanwhile, hundreds of students were stuck outside.
Witnesses said the fire alarms were blaring and police officers were combing the campus.
Looking for the mad bomber.
At least one, maybe it's Joel Feinberg.
When surprised me, he's just going off the deep end.
At least one teacher can be in class on the lawn.
Students said students taking final exams were later assigned to different classrooms.
Not in La Primera Casa.
At FIU.
It may actually be seen in there for about a quarter of a second.
Boris Yeltsin is dead.
The dolphins may be coming to QAM and maybe some other stuff too, but we don't really know.
We do know, but we lie about it.
Because clearance is lie about it.
I said should I read the Barry Jack S. Comy, but just lie about it.
Why couldn't they have made it official on this show?
Wouldn't that have been the first to do it?
Hey, Mr. Uppity, it's not a sports show.
That's right. It's not a sports show.
You've got to have it all taken off.
That's right. Every scoop.
You've got to break everything.
When Nick Sabin left town, who broke it?
Let me say it again.
Uncle Neil Old Neil.
You read something for the other people.
You'll see more here in the story right there.
Everybody else is right about it.
Oh, the Humphirl habit. The Humphirl habit.
The only thing he's got is a big, baloney sandwich.
And a lot of baloney to go with it.
Now, he's good.
Humphirl is okay.
Just too fat.
Now, he oughta be getting ready for the Acrypital Crown, shouldn't he?
The bigger house race is coming up.
975 on the pool.
You can bet, you can bet Chris's life on it.
That by one o'clock we'll have 1,000 votes.
Are you, you feel safe?
Yeah.
976.
We need 24 votes in 24 minutes.
23.
Well, we're 977 now.
22.
How do you like that?
How old?
How are you, honey, Mr.
So Josh came in this morning and gave you a little squeeze and said,
be sure and thank the old fag for a little check.
Yes, he did.
He could go to the master's at the center to you.
I told me to pass it along and I slapped him on the ass and told him to pass that along to his girlfriend.
No bet.
You slapped him on the ass.
No squeeze.
Did you give him a squeeze?
I give him a little boost on the ass.
Don't be starting to do it a bunch of factory in there.
Okay, it's the last little thing we need.
Big what tongue.
And we got enough fag for that.
We've got to rely on this radio station, including those damn ball games.
By the way, anybody watched the...
What game was that?
What game was that?
Was that Detroit?
Where they playing Calgary?
Anybody see that?
Jamie McClendon go nuts and take that sharp-to-guy in a mid-section with his Goli stick.
Well, when he gets suspended five games, if he did that on the street, you'd be in jail for ten years.
That's like a Todd Virtusy thing, man.
It's like a tempted murder, crazy person.
Jamie McClendon couldn't stop a bowling ball from 100 yards away.
But nevertheless, that's hockey, baby.
A lot of violence, a lot of bloodshed, a lot of teeth spurtin' all over the place.
Too much spurtin' goin' on, man.
Speaking of that, 978 in a pool.
Our Chris has got his eye peeled on her because it's like 981.
You see how they're comin' in a nice little charge now?
They're tryin' to save me.
They're tryin' to save your job.
Even though they'd much rather have Josh back.
982.
Now we're happy with Chris.
He's doin' a fine job.
And he's a good eater too.
He's a good healthy eater.
We like that.
I'm gonna show it Fitz right in.
So tell me about the melting pot again.
They came in and brought both kinds of cheese, both the Swiss and white wine combo
and the cheddar and beer combo.
And we had all kinds of things to dip in it.
And I had a sign language teacher in here teachin' us how to hit on depth checks and eatin' cheese.
Drey.
And come to the cheese.
I was gonna go about her.
The word around town man at the water cooler when I was down to this weekend.
The word around town was a wist and social.
Do you believe that?
No.
There was no word.
Nobody taught her.
It was good.
Because nobody knows.
If they were to put up some billboards saying, he's also gonna be takin' Friday off because he's a slacker
and he works whenever the hell he feels like it.
And George is gonna be workin' on Friday then.
Then you'd have been dangerous.
Yeah.
Nobody knew about it.
It would have been dangerous, alright.
You're a crowd.
Now should I mention again about that neogod fan site on there?
I saw the invite and I of course I deleted it.
You got invited too?
Oh yeah.
Did you read the thing in there that says who I'd like to meet?
Neil, George, Chris, Josh, all these people.
I mean it looks like a fan site.
Supposedly our page, you know it's gonna be a duo with me or the show or George or anybody associated with this show.
And some of our friends were already on there and well you know whatever.
They don't wanna meet me because I never got an invite.
Some of their friends are honored because when they got invited to be friends they assumed it had to do with me.
You know?
And then that's why they don't.
Why would there need to be another site?
Exactly.
That's the point, okay.
There doesn't need to be.
We've got the Neo Roger show page on there.
We've got 80 trillion, I'll tell you what I mean.
How many friends we got.
Including only a couple of count.
I mean a few.
Oh look, look at all the unread messages on there.
400 from Johnny G.
G Johnny.
I don't know.
I got so much maintenance to do on that damn thing.
And maybe a friend request from Neal's, yeah there it is another one.
You're right.
There's another one.
A friend request from Neal God fans.
Let me click on my, I do like that picture though.
Can we use that picture?
Oh it's black and white.
It said the one where I got the story and we had that picture.
We got those old federal ones glasses.
Well, no, the one we got on there now with me is the odd father.
That's all right.
But what does it say about me?
This is the home.
Yeah, this is what pisses me off.
This is the home for fans of me, a Roger's, the King of South Florida radio.
At blah, blah, blah, blah, weekdays, QM 10.
No, it's not.
This is not the home.
And the big O show is on there.
Okay.
So he must have obviously said a thing to the big O.
And of course being terrified that I was going to rip men ass.
And even Angie's in billionness.
And just all that great stuff.
All those great things we put in.
Yeah, she's a big angel.
Come on Angie, wise up.
And Mark A.B.O.C.
Hey, Mark, get a brain man.
And I.B. Power 96.
And who else has he got on her gene, Rayburn?
Yeah, you can always tell us legit.
Now Nick, he's the one that sent this thing, Nick.
And when you click on his pictures, Nick, it makes you sick.
Who are you, Nick?
Nick is in the odd areas.
Some old toads, some fat old toad, okay?
You see Nick?
He's a fat old guy.
I don't want fat old guys on my damn my space page.
If I want a fat old guy on there, I'll put pictures of me on there.
What does it say?
Single sexual orientation.
Not sure.
Not sure.
Yeah, male 64 years old.
You're fairy.
Now he's talking about me that is.
This is bogus.
So I'm just, I'm not going to that, baby.
I'm blocking it.
I'm deleting it.
I'm sticking it.
I'm just, blah!
I'm sending him nasty hostility all over the place.
I'm puking on the monitor.
You've got some freaking nerve, Nick.
We don't need any ass systems.
The ass part we could use, but not the instance.
You jackass.
987 on the pool.
Boy, Chris can breathe easy now.
I bet.
Wow.
988.
You notice that they're trickling in to come to your side.
Bad pit gun.
I'm really dreadful.
And I'm saying that.
To be fine.
Because you will never, ever, ever have a career in singing.
He happens to be the biggest idol junk.
His hair is worse than Donald Trump's son.
Jay.
What a job.
He's just a misunderstood boy.
He's still on the show his it love.
But that's so wrong because he's a son.
You suck.
He's terrible.
He's a highly intelligent social battle with no fear of dying.
I know.
Maybe he's just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots.
But he blows jumps and I got to admit that if he wins then Simon will quit sunshine.
He's just making me feel the sense that sunshine.
I hate you.
He's irritating in the media hall.
His voice sounds like nails on a chocolate sunshine.
I hate that guy.
The sense that sunshine.
It is.
It was just weird.
So he can't dance and he can't sing.
Let's ask his head what is that thing sunshine?
I hate that guy.
The sense that sunshine.
I'm beginning to hate that guy.
Oh yeah.
He's a remembering voice.
It was just a birthday.
He's a birthday.
You remember that?
Oh god.
This after he had one of his 400 heart attacks he was trying to prove.
I am healthy.
I'm not going to die.
And the last thing he said was.
I'm dying over here.
There you go.
He changed his mind.
What a silly monster crap.
That's the world for you.
Just like John McCain doing that.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob Iran.
That to me.
You know what I thought to myself?
I asked myself the musical question.
Can you imagine Barack Obama doing that?
Can you imagine even Swellery doing that?
Can you imagine any of the candidates?
Can you imagine Rudy Giuliani doing that?
No, he's good for Coco Puffs.
He's an idiot.
He's a crazy person John McCain.
Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob Iran.
He reminds me of Johnny Giuliani.
Those people are going to die.
It's funny.
Yeah, that's right.
Big joke.
Big joke.
We're dying over here.
Let's blow off the whole freaking world.
Okay, 1,000 to low, Chris.
Chris.
Chris.
Chris.
Chris.
Do you understand what the movie is?
Whether it's serious, whether it's comical, whether it's somewhere in-between, whether it's
of stupid piece of crap, or some great pieces in a photography like Team America World
Polies, or Eric Baldwin.
That's another good reason to watch that again.
We have Eric Baldwin.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, man.
I'm going to watch it again sometime this way.
I love that.
Yeah, it's a keeper.
And over here, Mark Damon.
Hey, man.
You're very good.
Oh!
Now let's see who the hell wrote this.
Oh the Associated Press staff!
Took the whole staff to write this piece.
After the five to four decision-lice week in which the Supreme
Corps reversed course on abortion, upholding the federal
partial birth abortion ban act, many court watches are wondering
what to expect next.
For guidance law professors and Supreme Court specialists looked to
list the five to four cases in which Justice Sandra Day O'Connor,
who retired last year, had been the swing vote.
She was a swinger.
One list compiled by Martin S. Letterman at Georgetown University
had 31 entries with cases on religion and race, elections
and crime, medicine and free speech.
I remember that.
Last week's abortion decision, Gonzalez versus Carhartt, demonstrated
a court's new math with the justice who took the O'Connor seat,
Samuel Alito, in the majority, and the new swing justice, Anthony Kennedy,
ran the decision, the court upheld by a single vote, the abortion act.
Just seven years ago, Justice O'Connor voted with the court's
liberals to spread down the similar to the Brass School law banning the
procedure, known medically as intact dilation and extraction.
It involves removing an intact fetus rather than dismembering the
fetus in the uterus.
The decision recast the court's approach to abortion, shifting its
emphasis toward fetal life and away from deference to medical
judgments about women's health.
The decision-led week brought into focus, the greatest hopes
the conservatives and the worst fears of liberals, is the
court about to make sweeping changes in important areas of
constitutional law, including in decisions expected shortly on the
role of money in political campaigns and of race in the schools.
O'Connor was the swing vote in so many cases, especially in high
pro-file areas like affirmative action, campaign finance, and
separation of church and state-set Erwin Chemerinsky, law professor at
Duke, Samuel Alito is likely to bring about a change in all these
areas.
In the coming months alone, the court has said to decide two important
cases in areas where justice is so counterflated, crucial role.
One case considers whether school systems in Seattle and Louisville may
take into account students' race to make sure that schools are
made integrated.
Students in both systems are offered to choice of schools, but they
can be denied admission based on their race if enrolling in a given
school would upset what local school boards had determined was
they deserve a racial balance.
That's not precisely the same question as one considered
an included versus bullinger, the 2003 decision in which justice
O'Connor writing for a five-to-form majority upheld a racially
conscious admissions plan at the University of Michigan law school.
That case involved not integration but affirmative action, with
the court allowing the government to give some groups a boost, but
the two cases are in the same doctrinal neighborhood and integration
cases will almost certainly give a powerful hint of where the court is
headed not only on affirmative action, but also on the use of race by
government more generally.
Includer, Justice O'Connor said that society may need affirmative action
for another 25 years, some legal scholars are vetting that
grudder will be modified or overruled before the expiration date.
This Wednesday the court will hear arguments in another case that
could start to undo part of Justice O'Connor's legacy.
In 2003, she was in the majority on O'Connor versus Federal Election
Commission, which have held the major provisions of the McCain
Fire Gold campaign finance law, including restrictions on some
campaign season TV advertising paid for by corporations and labor unions.
That's McCain Fire Gold as in bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, or anything.
The new case considers that same ban in a particular context and what
lawyers call as an applied challenge.
An anti-abortion group Wisconsin right to I think had sought to run
television commercials criticizing a Senate filibuster against President
Bush and judicial nominees, and urging viewers to ask the states to
senators, one of whom was up for reelection, to permit the nominations to
come to a vote.
The Federal Election Commission says that the ads were thinly veiled campaign
commercials, while the groups is to just the sort of speech at the core of what
the First Amendment protects.
If Alito takes the position of the senators in the 2003 case, said Richard
H. Pieldy is a law professor at NYU, that would represent a profound
transformation in the power of Congress to reach campaign finance practices,
the bending line is that he's likely to go that way.
After the McConnell decision congressional power to drive money from politics,
even if the expense of free speech had seemed settled, only four years later,
the issue is back on the table.
I wonder if that's the square table.
Justice O'Connor also played a central role in religion cases, and in recent
years she has shown increasing skepticism in capital cases, will not be
long legal scholars say before Justice Alito's impact is felt in those cases as
well.
Say a parent's school or we're going to blow your crap away.
In 2005, Justice O'Connor was in the five-destus majority in decision
in violating the display of the Ten Commandments in a Kentucky courthouse.
When the issue comes up next, Professor Timorinsky said,
there's every reason to believe that Alito will join Scalia and
the clearance token Thomas, allowing displays of religious symbols on
government property, God forbid.
There is more to judicial decision making than math.
The course in Justice Alito and his colleagues on the court,
are not a rule based on the facts and arguments presented to them.
The court is more over reluctant to overturn decisions at any event,
under the doctrine of starry deciseness, a Latin phrase meaning to stand by
things decided.
Indeed, in the last week's abortion decision, the majority did not overrule
the two thousand decision and maintain that the brass fell always distinguishable
from the federal one.
It is similarly unlikely that the court will over-remain the cases of the
professor's list outright.
Nonetheless, however, there is probably no better guide to where the court
is headed than a careful inventory where Justice O'Connor has been.
In other words, look at your rear view on here and see where you've been.
That's where you're going.
Got it, whatever that means.
I know what that means.
I'm getting now gagging in here.
I think it's the fact that it's not 40 below zero anymore.
Actually, it's kind of toasty.
A little on the murky side, a few showers today, but I think in fact it was the same here.
It was 75 here and it was 75 when left for a lot of the last night.
I like that.
And right now, you know what it is?
73, Mr. It's a little on the murky side.
I see a little blue sky out there.
A little something.
73 degrees.
Now that may not be shocking for you.
No.
Just like those last couple of years, the last three years in Amsterdam and it was in the
mid-70s, it was beautiful.
Or a hamster dam.
Oh, God almighty.
I'm getting weak just thinking back at that time I had in Amsterdam.
Oh, brother.
Even the hamsters are running out of steam.
There's steam power, Daddy.
2014 votes on the pool.
How often do you think about sex?
Oh, I was just thinking about hamster dams, same difference.
Let me say it again.
People go to hamster dam for two things, sex and drugs.
Okay?
And I don't do drugs.
How many times have I told you that?
45 million?
So I'll tell you what, I'll take George's dams today and I'll go have sex and George
can go do drugs.
Sounds like a plan.
How often do you think about sex?
Several times today, 546.
Non-stop, 273 of us, legitimate, honest to God perverts.
Not make-believe perverts.
Now I want to be perverts by the way, Borcielson's still dead.
273 non-stop.
Once you're twice a day, 118.
What a boring existence.
They must work with a lot of ugly people, you know?
Sell them 60 and never 17, never think about sex and God help us from them.
Hello, this is Anand.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one to two hour.
Father, in law, when you get off my butt.
If your daughter's so perfect, why'd she marry such a puss?
Father, in law, you think you're better than me.
But I don't eat in cafeterias and I have cable TV.
Always wear black shoes with her meadowed assures.
You could blame a pathetic book, you won't have it in the board.
Too much wearin' in the movies.
Too many songs at the beach.
Everyone except Greg should have been in the movies.
Father, in law, you like driving big cars.
And you hate eating music, but it has to get in charge.
Father, in law, you tell me I am a creep.
But I eat clippin' coupons every day of the week.
I have nothing like you, don't notice the dog track.
And I don't drink, I call me when I eat a pig's ass.
If your daughter's my wife, I will not destroy her.
You're just gonna have to get over it.
She needs a very lawyer.
Oh, gosh dang.
I'm going through a little coffin spill here during the break.
Maybe I'll croak on here this hour.
Let's promote it and build up that 230 hour.
I'll lower the billboard now.
Mother got out of card to help elderly prison cross the street.
What's this?
See, this was in Camden, New Jersey.
On the line with the cell.
And she disappeared.
From the New Jersey state police.
As Jeannie, Hanging Newell, please forgive me if I'm not saying your name right and please
correct me on that.
And also, tell us about the circumstances that went into what appears to be an abduction
here.
Oh.
She got out of her card to help an old lady.
And she vanished.
She vanished.
I don't get it.
Her little girl, hang loose.
I see.
I think somebody jacked the car with a little girl in it.
Oh, somebody hijacked the car with a little girl in it?
That's what I gathered.
That's bad.
That's bad.
Now, it's not our Baldwin's the little girl.
Is it the 12 year old bitch?
We have our red flag.
Oh.
I'm gonna tell you something.
If there was ever any doubt, when you said and watched that over the weekend on the news
channels, on channels that are pretending to be news channels, you know, you're gonna
be on a share of it out.
It's all over.
That's right.
Like that.
Like that.
Grow a dial article I read last week about the end of America.
It's all over, baby.
Close the door.
It'd be over.
Here's our pool.
It's not over yet.
There's nothing wrong with this pool.
It's an oldie, but goodie.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
How often do you think about sex?
Take it right now.
I think it's got the word sex in it.
They like it.
They like the pool.
Several times a day, 550.
I think some of those people are lying.
You know, I think if I gave a number, like 100 times a day, a thousand times a day,
a hundred and twenty-one.
Nine-stop-two-seven-seven.
Once it was twice a day, a hundred and twenty-one, seldom sixty, and never eighteen.
Oh my God.
Never eighteen people.
I can imagine who they are.
In fact, they're probably the eighteen the chronics.
When you be thinking?
What?
I'm thinking about sex.
Sorry.
I didn't hear what you were saying.
Oh, there you go.
Me too.
I'm thinking about the Serbian Stagion myself.
Just don't get carried away now.
Calm down.
Okay.
Here we go.
Luke D. Luz spinning through the news cycle by Jamie O'Neill.
This is on the Smirking Chimp.
This is, uh, well said.
Sometimes it's not so hard to understand why young people are forsaken the news, and why
survey after survey turns up the fact that fewer and fewer of them read newspapers, or
watch the 24 hour news channels.
And while it's never easy to argue in favor of willful ignorance of current events, the
case could be made that if you run through a half-dose news cycle, you can pretty much
anticipate any news stories it gets told by those who produce the news.
A commodity that often seems to have little that is new in it at all.
The names in the particulars may change, but the news stories come at us in predictable
packages prefabricated like modular homes.
A clich written exercise that precludes much in the way of insider understanding.
Ben Nair had done that, and a stageavu all over again.
So as a nation we behave like crazy people, repeating the same behavior, but always expecting
a different result.
Take for example the IMA story.
In the event you were in a coma during the week that the story dominated media coverage,
you'll be reassured to know that the IMA story was a virtual rerun of the Michael Richards
story a few months back, and the Richards story was repeated dozens of earlier stories,
Mel Gibson, Andy Rooney, Jesse Jackson, Jimmy DeGeek, Howard Coastale, odd nauseam.
These are stories where the nations have invited to participate in a little orgy of
contemplation and moral superiority.
So if you caught the Richard story and we've been hard not to, then you know most all
you need to know about the IMA story, which was once the thus settled a paradigm of media
saturation that followed a familiar narrative arc.
Begin with an ugly utterance followed by fake outrage, followed by the conference
contrition, followed by a parade of pundits examining the remark, and finding their
examination the six sole of a nation-laid bear.
So important is this offensive utterance that broadcasts, is repeated remarked endlessly,
branding it in our collective consciousness, and ensuring that when all else about the
episode has been forgotten, we will remember the remark verbatim and be able to recall
the words that were so horrible as to launch the media firestorm in the first place as
a nappy headed hose.
The endless repetition of the horrible remark and the condemnations of it will inevitably
be followed by yet more pundits, who will argue that the reactions to the remarks are excessive
and or hypocritical, and these counterreactions will be followed by the deep-think analysis
offered by experts.
They'll explore the situation in places like the situation room, and find that the
unfortunate remark is provided the nation with a great opportunity to explore one of our
chief ills, and to begin the healing process without which one of these big national
pop-cycle walruses is never complete.
In order to facilitate that healing, the big name proprietors of the nation's healing
franchises, the doctor fills and the deep-packed chopers will be tried out on Larry King
live to washer us through that healing with soft spoken platitudes, palliatives, and
pseboes.
But before the healing can begin, another sterile come along to interrupt our national
convulsions, and that new story will make us sick all over again.
Just as the Michael Richards story was knocked off the news by the end of the call Smith
Obsession, so too did the Virginia Tech course show put an end to the nonstop, nattering
about Don Ims.
The Virginia Tech story began its familiar arc starting with sparse details, and lots
of full-time consumed by news readers awaiting more information, offering the nation their
anxious concern for the victims, and their mystification about how such things can happen.
A note for no replay of things said, and the tone used when the combine incident took
place not so many years ago, but far enough in the past to ensure that we might have forgotten
what comes next.
The prayers of the news readers will be echoed by the doleful official grieving of our
politicians high and low, and then will come the explainers and the bone-sifters who
may sense it all, who fill the airtime with the many discussions of our toxic culture,
of Hollywood cartoons, and rap music.
From there we'll proceed to hand-ringing over our insane gun laws, and then after that
the healers will be tried out to minister to the national psyche to guide us through this
process while hawking their books through the TV ministries of whatever product line
administrations they might be peddling from the secular to the divine.
The dialogue will spill over into the political arena and break down into arguments over
the second amendment of the Constitution, and those wavy, too many discussions of national
and state gun laws will be followed by smartly interviews as reporters ooze fake empathy
while shoving microphones out of the noses of the next of kin.
Somewhere in that makes the news vendors will drag out a few experts to offer cautionary
profiles of what to look for in people we might know in our schools or workplaces who
can be ready to explode themselves.
Then the healers will return unless the story has been preempted by another more exploitable
tale that will rocket our attention elsewhere before any healing or any learning is actually
taken place.
Meanwhile, Vets elsewhere, as in wars we started or genocide were busy ignoring, will go
unreported or unreported because our attention is limited.
And news divisions can't be recovered more than one big story at a time on the 24 hour
news channels and besides the news story is breaking in its sound to move on.
Two of them, the much-voted healing process as it turns out, has never met more than
getting on with our lives, and that means moving out of the next cycle of something bad
happening, followed by a thirty-second sound bites of deep reflection, and then the rest
of the cycle as we are doomed to repeat it over and over again.
What won't happen, of course, is any real change.
Racism will continue, despite the IMS firing, and the cultural remain mean-spirited, and
in course, and yes we'll wake up yet another day to carnage in our schools because the
loop we run on national news precludes any real thought, any real understanding, and any
real progress.
No new ventilation will get passed because the scenario is set in stone, part of the
cliched rules this particular story.
Despite the fact that polls have long shown that the majority of Americans favor some
measure of gun control, the pundits in the consultant state of the issue is toxic to
those with political ambition so nothing will change.
And so round and round we go loopty-loos spinning through the news cycle, living in the
nightmare production of Roundhog Day that renders us in capable of addressing our problems
while we repeat them endlessly.
Round and round we go loopty-loos.
I love it.
Loopty-loos.
I haven't heard that in a raccoon's age.
Have you?
No, no, you mentioned it.
What was that song?
Loopty-loos.
Here we go loopty-loos.
Here we go loopty-loos.
That's it.
What is it?
I don't know.
Something.
It's something you got it.
I do.
I doubt it.
If I knew the name of it, either one of us knew the name of it, my thumb.
We got a thousand forty votes.
Loopty-loos loopty-loos.
I didn't know a lie, man.
We got a big press conference.
It's not a press conference.
It's not a press conference.
It's a what is it?
A big announcement.
A big to do with that's right.
It's a big to do.
It's a big to do.
Everybody bring a fork and we'll split up.
It's a carrot cynus which I'm not really all that fond of.
I still like potato cover a lot much better.
Luxion glue.
You're really good too.
Nudel pie.
Nudel pie.
Now you tell me that the fat Chris there still hasn't seen fat himself.
He took it home with him and hasn't had his way with it yet.
What is wrong with you?
He's fat.
Yeah.
And pink.
Oh, I don't want to go there.
It's everywhere.
You don't have to go there.
Oh, geez.
Speaking of gun laws, I'm fishing through here.
I'm stalling because I got this one more stir from Captain Little Blue.
Looking for ways to eliminate gun hole loop holes.
Gun law.
What I just say you heard me.
Grappling with the deadly shooting spree in the US history law makers said yesterday
you want to eliminate a gap between state and federal laws that can allow someone with a history of metal
enlisted by guns.
In other words, if you walk into a pawn shop and you go,
they'll say how many guns you want and how.
Oh, I had a great idea over the weekend.
I almost forgot about it.
Okay.
I got a great new way to dispense guns.
You know what it is?
What?
What else?
What do we dispense just about everything in?
Pestic.
Vending machine.
Oh, yeah.
There you go.
Vending machines, baby.
Get your gun in a vending machine.
Oh, look at this.
The meeting went well.
This is from Norma, Kansas.
This is supposed to be a confidential.
I don't know.
I'll read it up here.
The meeting with Jolly Joe, they still want me, baby.
He gave a written proposal.
May even get some extra Fridays off great.
Oh, I see.
But Joe a former DJ and I'll be hosting the Joe Bell Enorma Kenture from the Floridian Statistical Drive.
Great way here.
They offer me to...
By the way, it says Joe had the low-fat turkey plate for a look.
Who are you kidding, Joe?
Fuck.
I got news for her, okay?
Now it says, agent of the stars and Craig B. Geofan, yeah.
We know about you, Norma.
You're fairy.
Craig's getting old and craggy, Craig B. Geofan.
He still looks pretty good.
See, there's always got to be some fagory in there, you know?
So that's good.
They still want me.
We're going to extend a contract another hundred years.
Maybe get a couple of Fridays off, but I'll be put in a loop.
There you go, George.
What?
Where I go.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's the only thing you're right.
It's the one that has to make the tapes.
I don't care.
There aren't going to be any tapes.
Don't you understand?
I'm trying to say, you see, you're one of those people.
No, really.
You're one of those people you can't be nice to, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Your heart, your heart is a rock.
Your heart is granite.
Yeah.
Your heart is made of stone.
Well, it didn't get that way by itself.
Are you picking on the Mrs. again?
I don't pick on her.
Norma, Mama Sita.
Hey, take your pick.
All of these ladies in your life.
Hey, your daughter's great.
She's a green owl.
Yeah, she is.
Although I have to be near that.
I wouldn't recognize her.
Well, she looks just the same.
And she's a genius.
She's a genius.
She's a good woman.
She's employed.
She has that employed look about her.
And by the way, we're not sending anybody any pictures
of George's daughter.
Okay, I'll let crap on her.
And that my spacecraft is Jesus.
She's got her own my space presence.
Well, good.
And a rich, full social life.
She don't need, don't help them.
Nobody.
Now, I don't want to get that better than I do.
Whatever.
Is she what?
She's 18, right?
Yes.
She's obviously got some boyfriends.
She's got friends, and she goes out with her friends.
And what they do is nobody's business.
She's 18.
Including yours?
And while she's 18.
Yeah, she's of legal age.
That's right.
So she's got her own business.
In other words, you don't really want to know what she's doing.
She fulfills all of my expectations.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, what the hell does she, where she's supposed to be?
Where she's supposed to be.
Where she's supposed to be there.
Right.
And she does what she needs to do when she needs to do it.
And so in other words, her boyfriend, she's fulfilling the right thing.
What she does on her own time.
It's her own business.
That's a healthy attitude.
But I'm going to tell you that right now.
Everybody out there would like to have a father of a girlfriend just like that.
Am I right?
I'm right.
Sure.
I'm right, Chris.
Yes.
Members of Congress have shown little political appetite.
However, for a time to expand federal gun control, response to the massacre of Virginia Tech.
Swungho, we chose, who got down 32 people on campus, killed themself Monday,
was evaluated as psychiatric hospital late 2005 and deemed by a judge to present an imminent danger to himself as a result of mental illness.
That's true to disqualify them from purchasing a gun under federal law experts say,
I'll finish this when I come back.
I got interrupted there by you and there you're done.
Stop dirty, man.
If you're gay and want to win, skip file and come here instead,
we have alternative life styles that does need work.
We want us and you want us.
If you're queer as tinkerbell, we don't care how gay one at Disney.
I made plots from the excitement, so many 19-roely and hour-an-one minutes away from that big major announcement.
What could it be, huh?
What could it be, man?
Any ideas?
Any theories?
Couldn't have to do with the doffins, could it?
The doffins?
I don't know.
Now, is that true, Chris?
I've noticed that all of his first home game is in London this year.
Are we going to all get to go or what?
Is that part of the deal?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, sure.
Look at that.
The little girl is wearing blue jeans and a green shirt, and she...
Now, why the hell would the mother get out?
I mean, what is that all about?
Is it what they said she stopped to help somebody, and I agree with you.
I understand that.
When you have a child in the car, that's your concern.
There is no other concern.
The rest of the world could be on fire.
That is correct.
That's right.
It's like when you're in the airport, like I was yesterday.
And you see all these little kids running around.
And one of those people I tried to find in my own business...
Yeah.
Good luck, buddy.
But I just think to myself, is there a parent here that's with this kid?
Right.
Because the kid is running loose, and there's nobody within a hundred yards paying any attention to this kid.
And then you look back and somebody is like dawdling around and halfway paying attention.
You know when your kid bothers other people or winds up hurting themselves when you're not watching them?
Chris sends a fact.
And then he says,
I just returned from Los Angeles, California.
You ran into Phil Henry as he was leaving a Starbucks.
I told him quickly that I was from a South Florida that I used to listen to him when he was on the air with you.
Then I estimate he was still supporting George Bush, and that's when he told me to suck his...
And he walked away.
And Chris says, F-Him.
He says, F-Him.
A lot of...
In his facts.
Well, how do you like that, Chris?
What does that tell you?
Are you sure?
I think so.
Of course, Chris could have just made it up because it's from the same MD that all these other facts include this next one.
Have you noticed that? The header on these?
Yes.
This must be the new hobby.
It says,
I sign my facts with a P.
It says P or Phil.
For a number of... few different reasons.
Number one is when I fact you and signed it Phil, you thought I was using a fake name, which I was not.
Oh, you remember this guy? Don't you remember Phil?
I think so.
We know Phil.
Yeah, I'm not affiliated with any card dealership.
I send every facts with my home facts number.
No weirdness, no trickery, sending through a third party.
Yeah, call us when the party starts.
Okay?
Call Mo Green.
Also, I sign all my emails with P.
Just lazy, I guess.
Yeah.
I've been straight up with you and all my facts is I have opinions and you...
And like you, I express them.
Why is the print so like...
Spread out.
I don't know.
That's stretched out.
It's switched up.
Well, it depends on how you look at it.
It says... I have opinions and like you, I express them without any V.S.
This is one of the greatest attributes of the show.
Honestly, which in society today puts a little emphasis on.
Do you or George watch Mind of Mensa?
Mensia.
Mensia.
Mensia.
What is that?
Big Mensia?
Comedy show.
Carlos Mensia.
Never heard of it.
Yeah.
Some days it's 10 or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th or 10th
We got a thousand 61 hosts on the pool our target today is 1100 by 2 o'clock or Chris dies at 2 and then we got the big press conference coming up at 2 30 and what during which his death will be announced
I think it will make 1100 I want to give you like a little challenger it should be easy man we need 39 votes we got 37 minutes is just barely more than one a minute
You think we can't do this on this high-paid show although I haven't seen much of anything happening there
1061 I'm clicking at the 1061 baby you're in trouble maybe Eric's doing it yeah Eric's got the freeze on baby Eric and Mr. Freeze
That's Milton Burrell right?
Oh geezer we're saying that again Mr. Freeze?
No who was it we looked it up Vincent Price?
Auto Preminger.
No auto Preminger that's right see how we forgot that was there was at least what five days ago how to model that time
But Virginia Court of Fisual is going back to my story here about gun control insisted because the judge ordered only outpatient treatment and didn't commit
Choteau to a psychiatric hospital they weren't required to submit the information to be in the federal databases for background checks in other words schlock
Lawmakers post yesterday the Illinois search breakdowns they call for uniformity between state and federal reporting to make background checks more dependable
I think everybody would agree that somebody with a psychological problem should not be allowed to purchase a weapon
Said Senator judiciary committee chairman Patrick Leahy of Vermont Republican lawmaker is appearing on the Sunday news programs agreed
There was a definite failure of communication that ought to be changed with federal legislation said Senator Arlen Magic Bullets Spector of Pennsylvania
He knows his bullets baby especially the Christine bullet that once your governor Conley and president Kennedy
He knows his pristine bullets baby
Tony or Democrats senator Chuck Schumer and Republican Carolyn McCarthy and I'm so just like he has to they would require states to upgrade their reporting of mental health records to the federal database
The bill would provide new money to state stuff and automate their records but also apply financial penalties on states that don't comply
McCarthy who's husband was fatally shot by a arrange gunman on Long Island railroad is working with representative John Dingell
Wish you could Democrat and strong gun rights advocate to give legislation through Congress
You're cracking your knuckles again, but you know what happens when you crack your knuckles not gonna come and shoot your ass man's annoying
It's one of those eight sounds that we hate thousand seventy votes
Now they're coming through for fat Chris I mean for Chris see for me to be called anybody else fat like you or a hanker like that
That's bad. It's unacceptable well not not so fat you can't see right
Can't see what other fat my feet I can't see feet what else can't you see without a mirror
Even we forget about that that's got nothing to with fat
It does not allow he said can we move along please please you're always getting stuck in the groin
Meanwhile he said he would hold hearings on guns and response to the Virginia type shootings
Democrats who not can tell both chambers of Congress have shown little eagerness to tough existing laws or little confidence that such efforts with advance
Such efforts have been unpopular voters in rural or swing districts in the past where they love their guns baby
Don't effort my gun for my peace federal law generally requires far arms realistic enough background checks on gun buyers
And prohibits a convicted felons and some people have been legally declared to have mental problems
Don't forget bad words kill people guns don't kill people bullets and guns don't hurt people
So nappy headed hole that's bad guns be good
That's right because that's the American effort away gun nuts
Gun nuts that's it that's redundancy they made by planners they be made in high a Leah baby
Planners makes bad nuts you like planners nuts
No there are no cash user or cooperation or you hate craft that's right I'm gonna go out and meet some craft macaroni and cheese just to piss you off
Good luck my blood you my blood sugar up to I know and nor normal get that contract done and then he's gonna ask me he's gonna
Facts it had me sign on the line is I reach for the pan like that that'll be it that's my life
You won my fifty billion dollar bonus in there. Yeah. I hope there's a big signing bonus in your norm and guess what you ain't getting out of it
The big you know I'm in normal I said good job no rush practice for sure you'll find 60
You know the dog is out of control and you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from blackbuster entertainment
Give manage things do it
But right
I'm running sweet
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
I'm running
At first Jim said he felt a little bit foolish
I don't like that I knew Nick did a whole hunt but now he says I like it
I like it
The dog just can't piss enough with that cottage cheese bun
If he wants me to sing God bless America and paste his cheese string up here I'll do it
You got no
And everybody knows that it's all right
Listen to the mad dog sing them self happy
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Then do it
Available now it all blocks us just
If you're hard out, Joel, poor Joel Feinberg across the street at the ticket man
Somebody ripped up their ticket I guess I know Tiki no washi baby
And I just tried to print that story out again from our
Page and I couldn't it wouldn't print
It just wouldn't do anything
That's where I went through that whole thing about how great it is to
You know beat your feet on the Mississippi mother whatever oh now well there it goes
It just had my computer said like a little brain fart
Mm-hmm isn't entitled it is
Oh jeez
You probably wonder what their long pause was I was just building up a good sneeze
I thought you were looking for an appropriate drop or something either way
Oh brother that was good
No I'm pretty good not again I don't want to read the whole thing
Because that then in part might like upstage the whole assignment of 230
Because I'm sure nobody in town has got any idea what this big announcement is at 230
But I just want to read the whole time with close again
Come on you can do it again
Thank you
So I'll go toward the ass end of the story
You know I'll never forget the day that she showed up at pizza loft
Mm-hmm I think how Goldstein was there and everybody's other people in
And I had no idea who she was the battling broke remember that right and she stood there like kind of like a statue
Like kind of a chunky girl I was just gonna say yeah statues usually made out of something solid
And like don't you know who I am you know like
I like that
I said no jello mold of a person
Anyway very jackass wrote Saturday that dolphins are moving back to QM
Which I'm sure couldn't have anything to do with the big announcement of 230 this afternoon with Mad Dog and Humper
But where does Joel Feinberg are quoting on here I got to hear about this
About a beep bit of a boop but a bob but bop bop bop bop bop bop
Feinberg said he lost money on the dolphins wasn't comfortable offering anything close to last season's rights fee
He said he really goes to the contract last off season of exchange for financial concessions
He allowed the games to be simultaneous on big 106 which is now all Paul and Ron all day
28 hours a day
It was in the best interest of the station to not end with the old dolphins
There will be a loss as soon as the pen hit the paper Fymeberg said in other words they're losing their ass
Still Fymeberg said he felt stronger long during negotiations
I'm very upset he said
I gave them blood sweat and tears for two years
Hiring Jimmy Cephalo who belongs in a funeral homey so dead I gave them the world
Hey Jimmy you're fairy
All they care about is money
They think they're so high and mighty they can flex their muscles and get whatever they want from home
Ever they want they don't care about anybody else's business or situation or needs
Now they don't care about your needs they're in business okay Joel and you idiot you cry baby you're siblings
There's nothing worse than a guy that's got millions of dollars is loaded with cash and he's crying
Yeah
You know what I mean? What do you mean?
The tickets d'olph in the show from 7 to 9 p.m. week nights
Which was part of the right steel will go off the air immediately if not sooner Fymeberg said
Like right now pull that baby
QM is expected to care regular d'olph in programming with details have been disclosed
Fymeberg said that it was offered of a 2.25 million dollar annual rights fee
He also offered 360 grain and hospitality inside its cost and to cover the salaries of the announcers
I don't think they like your station Joel I don't think they like you
I don't think they like your horse ball station I don't think they're really happy with the whole deal
Fymeberg said that often's open some new doors to some national business but said I'll be a better station without all the financial losses
WQM thinks if I don't have the dolphins I'll go to out of business
I'll survive and prevail he said you should live so long baby as they say in Siberia you should live so long
As the Siberian studs sagging said
For us he the Serbian whatever he is Serbian sagging
The tickets deal with the dolphins precluded the station from pursuing rights to other teams without that restriction
The ticket might pursue rights to the marlins who are in the family or their deal with WQM
All we can say that is oh yeah
Whoa
Will send you a salami sandwich soon Joel
Kosher Hebrew National baby
How do you like that they're gonna pursue maybe the marlins
Now that we're in the last year of that stiff I mean of course the only bad news about that is that means none of those early week they departures
And I'll be very honest with you our audience isn't too happy about those the people are really care about this show
The people are really love us like crazy have you a anti-neil of blow-up dolls those people aren't too happy about those preemption with those stupid ball games
So they'll be happy if the marlins should go you know just in case they should go like that you know what I mean
There's not a whole lot of interest just like there's no interest in the panthers you can't complain about the interest in the panthers because there isn't any
Hey ref you suck that that's it that's the panthers grow hey ref you suck that that's it and speaking of refuse
Well I bet you Chris is we're in my Wamblin here what because you haven't said anything about a half an hour
I'll let you go I'm you know watching
We're enjoying the trip right here oh
We're doing the slow-ook way right texting my girlfriend and all that
Texting your girlfriend what else you can do during the show listen to you
Now you know how he's picking on Josh now you are really all over Josh's ass that's bad
What did you call him last week my boy my little boy your boy yeah your little boy and you know I think I called him your love monkey yeah
And I just sent him a check for two hundred bucks that's right say if we were right yeah or maybe you were maybe you were one
Maybe you're full of crap is usual a thousand ninety three votes on a pool and of course the best part of all of us
As soon as you start talking that crap there are a whole bunch of people in the audience start hyperventilating
Oh do you hear that?
You know what I mean?
Because they all they all assume something man
Who the hell needs Josh when you got hands today man who the hell needs him I mean he's a good guy don't get me wrong
He's fine ever still afraid train I take good care of him I pat him on the head and
Maybe it was just a liberal that only said that one story to put in there for yesterday
I mean who the hell's getting up early on a Sunday morning to look at stupid stories it was a Saturday well whatever the hell day it was
I guess it was Saturday I think I said him one early in the day and then of course the rest of the day I was busy man
I had more important fish to fry you know what I'm saying? Nope
thousand ninety three votes seven more and Chris gets off the hook again
Damn fat guy I can't stand him
Absolutely
Wha?
Down the other in the sea
Up in the car on the street
With a little beat
Not to punch you soon
I used to have a change on me
She don't realize then
She'd have wrote that tune
She would have known
That there'd be a trouble on the way back home
And then I got nowhere to go
That's why I'm asking you to
I'm talking to the mind in the gold
I'm asking him to know it's a change
But he and her look but I just don't just
If you want to press a bridge
You can all the link
Or this thing's only at that stage
I'm meeting with the mind in the gold
I'm begging him to lie so shame
But he and her look pal
I just don't use
And then when you got through another day
If you can't come up
With a fact-changer's layin' like
Everybody's up
I have a possibility
I need it undying
Undying
Undying
From the hell
Undying
Come on
So long
Hey Joe
I'm done
I'm done
Come on
So long
Oh no
Thanks for being a change
I hate to admit this
You know, I've listened to that
I haven't played it in a very long time
I hate to admit it
It's very embarrassing
Even for an old queen like me
He actually did a few songs
Or a little bit wrong with that
Once upon a time
Yeah, he made a mother good music
We are the world
I mean I didn't have that
Although I do like that
You know when you come right down
I do like the whole idea
Just keep the marketing this
Real fast so that we can
Feed those starving people
By the end of the month
I mean the whole thing is so stupid
You know
You would say for Africa my ass
It sure works really well, didn't it?
Hmm, thank God
There's a bunch of people over there today
Just like that
Farm aid and band aid
And cool aid and
I don't like that
I don't like that at all
No
I like man on the mirror
E
What?
You like the man on the mirror?
No
How could I do that?
How could I pet that?
You're a fan of the mirror
You tell me you don't like man on the mirror
I don't like man on the mirror
Why do?
You like Ben?
No
I hate Ben
Billy Jean
You know Ben, I'm Billy Jean Zorkin
Ben?
You're showing the movie a weird
That is correct Ben was the sequel
That was about the guy with the rancis
Now who is the actor that was in the world?
Don't tell me
Oh geez
Oh, I don't know, I'm not going to tell you
Because I know who it is but I can't think of it
But you can Google it for quite a lot
I go and you know that lazy for the kind of big box they're paying you
You can't reach over there in Google it
I can't go
Oh, I'm speaking to reach it over listen to me
I'm going to put my phone down
And didn't you tell me this morning that the engineers were having a nervous dog
What is it telling you?
Because it was so bad today
We're not running any juice today
Okay, I guess we had to give the dolphins all the money
I mean, you know
I didn't really say that
But we can't afford to run
So
Russell and Coco says
I just thought you'd like to know that a 130 QM signal was cut by
50 to 75 percent almost unreadable
Up here in central Florida
Can anybody hear me now?
I'm talking as loud as I can
As always, Neil says when the ratings get low enough it's time for
Transmitter maintenance that must be it
Or maybe it's sabotaged by the boys across the street
Maybe Joel is giving us a little payback
Payback's a bitch
I think that's what it is
So what's the story of why is this signal so low?
We don't know
I don't know, let me just click this to get a good 2100 here
So Chris doesn't have to face the guillotine
It's just stick it starts to stick at 1099
Did we get sticked?
I'm stuck
Well, we got 12 minutes to get one more vote
I mean, if we can't do that
Oh, there it is, 1100
Okay, now
Johnny G who once upon a time a years ago
It's Zayda used to send his pizza from his establishment
Johnny G's and it was very good stuff
That's back when he was sane
Now that he's turned into a self-deprecating groupie
He just, he must have 400 messages from him today
And the last one, by the last two about the top friends list
I don't you think pretty much that's for kids?
I mean, my face in the beginning was strictly for kids anyway
And probably to a great degree still is
Or for all of her own kids like me
But people have worried about who their top friends are
That to me is like, we don't like childish gibberish seriously
So I wrote him back a response
And I said I have two words for you, Johnny
Grow up with several exclamation points
He writes back
Like that, he's having a rough year and just do it anyway
Now I have no control over that
Nor do I even have any idea how to do it
Can you arrange that?
Arrange what?
To give him on our top friends and a show page
A gal can, why?
You can, it's very self-adventure
The time they do it just to calm him down
Nope, you know why?
Well, I've told him down, he just said
Because he might come up with a building or something
He might drive into the traffic
That's correct because he needs help and he admits it
He's just compulsive
And he did the good thing
He deleted himself from that phoning deal, got fans thing
Which, total bogus
And anybody else on there who likes the show and understands the way it is
Now it wasn't coming from us, okay?
It was coming from some phony guy who decided on his own
To represent a bunch of crap on there, you know
I know that's a unique novel
Anybody doing something like that?
So let me ask you this, what do you think the big announcement is going to be at 230?
I don't know
After reading that very jackass thing and about Joel Feinberg
I don't know
Really port off about it
WQA and hello
Nail
Yes sir, what do you think the announcement is going to be?
I don't know, but absolutely correct, I work out in Davie
I cannot get the station in at all
I just took lunch, I can't even get the station in my work truck
Are you serious?
Oh my god
Thanks for all bad news, Pally
Alright, buddy, have a good one
I'll talk later and love it tomorrow
I guess I better practice my vocal manipulations or whatever, my throat
I better warp a little bit
Because we're going to have to talk real loud
We'll start projecting
Is it my end- Davie can't hear the station?
And Russell and Coco said they cut the signal by 50 to 75%
What are we doing using candle power?
With somebody go out and buy a couple of candles?
Seriously, is anybody going to tell us anything?
And if we got this big announcement coming up at 230
Who the hell is going to hear it?
Nobody
Where's the government?
Oh man
Oh, it's just a big, hey Norm, hold off on that contract couple of minutes
Now go ahead, just do it
Right, just do it, George needs a security
I need the money to maintain my lavish lifestyle
That's right
And Chris, well he needs a job, you know
And free food
And the free food that goes along with it
All the perks, like the free food
Which I can't think of any other ones
So we got no signal, we got no power maybe
We got no power, we got no power
We're stuck on night pattern or something cookie, I don't know
I don't know, I'm just throwing up
Hey listen, I bet you those guys right now are out of the transmitter working on it feverishly
And the transmitter too
Did you tell me that the staff is a real engineer?
He's a computer kind of guy
So what does that mean?
I think the transmitter kind of guy
Let me ask you again, can you hear me?
How does this sound?
How's that?
Oh what, oh
And not only that, but let me also ask you
Do you like it?
No, don't forget to come and get a Johnny Gear and a top friend
Yeah, yeah
Not that I want to do it, but I'm tired of it
He's like a little child, you know how little kids are right
If they pest you enough, you find it's okay
Okay, okay, whatever, take the U off my back
I'll sign it to him after the show
You'll what?
I'll sign it to him, I'm signing everybody now
You're a signing?
I'm signing, I'm using sign language
Oh you're signing now, yeah
I thought you said you were a sign and I'm like you're all of a sudden new director
You're signing a project
He can listen to you, he's not going to pay no attention to you
He's been on to you for a long time, that's true
So I guess I'll a little bit later on
I'll be calling Norma Kent and then maybe I'll call you and say
He'll take your adjords too, but I doubt it, too
What doubt what?
And I would say that?
No, that he would do it
You hear what he just said
He would
I believe David
You watch it, watch it, watch it, watch it
You're my 16th year
I'm on stage
In Miami town
In the spirit of 560
WQA
Since 2004, those emails have been separated from an R&C policy
which is to automatically delete every 30 days, deleted emails
So, you screwed up?
Oh, I'm an email, I'm older, delete an email
You can't delete me all you want
But you're gonna pass
You're gonna be relieved when you no longer see me on your drive
But I'm still alive, I'm still a little bit alright
I made a great book on that
When Gretman and I got to say that you can't
Throw me away
All the things that you say
That what you think I mean you say
I'm an email
You can't erase the nails, it must have too many servants
They can't save the impenetrable
That's like saving dogs, eat my homework
It doesn't work that way
He just don't want to produce no day, none
No good white house
Power of views, that goes out of use
And you, that goes out of use
They can't trade any paper
But try to place them lame on a peep-on chopper radar
I just don't go away
You can't fail, but you're failed
I always need the trail
I'm an email
No, I'm an email
And I can't see email
You can try to dump me
But I'll still try to tell you
It looks like you violated the hatch-act
They have a black
There's another 18-minute guy
Yeah, history repeats with more republic than I think
When did the 5 million emails come to an end?
But you can't make them go away
Won't you send me around
I can always be found on an email
Bye, bye, bye
