I have howling!
I'm behind insisting they're not taking
You've got to hide your heart away
You've got to hide your heart away
Now we'll start an ugly battle
So sad straights, gang will buy
Men who fall of all men
Is a sword for Satan, my young young
No, girls, you're just cold for queer
Having fun with the boys
In the lots of room I hear
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy
You've got to hide your heart away
You've got to hide your heart away
You've just hide it away
One more time, 10-0-2-5-16-W
The Q&A Wednesday boys and girls
Tomorrow is Washington's birthday
And today is Ask Wednesday
I forgot to draw an ass on my forehead
Oh no, let's get out those ashes baby
Let's start smearing and smearing
Like the right wingers do
Oh see, I thought I was all over that
I have just a little tad, a little tiny bit
Today is the final day
Give out of my system of woodbind
It's woodbind Wednesday
Gonna find me a good machine
And I'm gonna go and smear some ashes on my forehead
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
Could only help?
I mean, it just makes me weak
When I start thinking about those things
That's why I don't think about them very much
About these things that people do
All these things
All these things, all the trappings
All the trappings in the crappings
Maybe the religious nuts, yeah
Oh, you've got to smear the ashes on your forehead
And what's that supposed to do if you smear it?
It's supposed to show everyone
How pious you are compared to them
I see, how much better of a person you are obviously
God likes me better see
And isn't this the beginning of length?
That's what I'm told
I see
Well, what is this Sunday?
Because Easter Sunday is April 8th
What is this Sunday? Anything special?
Look and I don't see anything written on there
Oh, well, what do you mean you're a saintly written?
You were a good Catholic boy, why don't you put it on these things?
No, it's not a good Catholic boy
I mean, bad Catholic boy
He then banstered you
So it's Ash Wednesday
And we've got poor him coming up
For all the humantation lovers out there
And we've got Easter and Pace-Auch
I had some mushroom barley soup yesterday
Remember I was going to have months of all soup
And they do have that, but then I asked what's the soup today
And they said mushroom barley and I went
Mmm, oh man
That is my very favorite
This you just love mushroom barley soup
I do, I love it a lot, I wish we could have some right now
Yeah, I wish I had a big bowl full right now
Just like a van
Well, I wish I had a bowl full
We have an update
Yes, internet's back
Oh, the internet is back and now we got our dots
Look at that, the phones working
There's the evidence right there
The internet was out for a little while
Now, what about our streaming? No, we don't have any dropouts
Well, I'm sure we have dropouts
But that's not unusual
But we have no dropouts
So everything is A-OK
Nice culinary engineering staff
They really got right on that today
And that's because I'm sure that Josh Cordis was in there
Eating more free food
Is that what he's in there for?
And the good company
Right, that's correct
He still wishes you know when you were out on Friday
Nursing Your Sick family
Yes, and I asked him if he had his brothers
If they would pay him the same
That he's getting paid now to do the Q&M website
To still be on our show
Which would he do?
And of course it was a no-brainer
He said, oh, of course I'd rather be on a show
So he's desperate to interact with us
Because he knows that we love him
And he loves us
Yeah, God forbid they should pay people what they're worth to work on this show
British Prime Minister Tony Blair
Yesterday or today
I don't understand how that can be today
I know there are five hours ahead over there
But nevertheless, announced plans to withdraw
1600 of his country's troops from Iraq
You remember the British are coming?
The British are leaving
Okay
And the statement to lawmakers in the House of Commons
Blair said British troop numbers will be reduced from 7,200 to 5,500 in the coming months
But only
Only if Iraqi security forces could secure the southern part of their country
Mm-hmm
Blair said British troops will increase in replay
And support global Iraqi forces assuming responsibility for security operations
The next chapter in Boswiss history
will be written by Iraqis Blair said
Tony Blair
Wednesday's announcement came after Blair on Sunday declared that the British
Michigan Boswiss and Southern Iraq
Can code name Sinbad has been completed and successful
All right
We should accomplish baby
Just like his partner in crime
Blair and Bush
Well, when I get to today's poll man
It's going to take a half hour to read each time
It'll be a good kill some excellent time
Here's yesterday's poll
And of course George is not
George is going to be all kinds of crap about the polls
Like the one for tomorrow
So I like the idea that I had what disease do you miss the most
And I'm voting for Ricketts
We could say disease or condition I think
Isn't he always belly aching about having to come up with a poll idea Chris?
Isn't that his number one objection?
Yeah, that doesn't mean that any idea is a good idea
Although yeah
Aren't you the guy that did the poll
The poll question was what
Yeah, or which
Because they don't they don't answer the question anyway they always make up their own okay
Whatever you say here's the poll from yesterday too late to change it's all done 1335 votes
The thing I hate most about growing old is
I won't be able to afford to live 293
Young chicks won't like me anymore 178
I'm not worried about either one of those two
The winky won't work 149
Well, I'm not worried about that yet
Have a week step point yet
I am old 121
Yes 9% of the audience see and George just think it all you've got nothing about all these old parts
9% of audiences that we are old what?
I'm one of them
You're gonna what old fart fart
Hair growing in my ears 119
That is a very serious problem
I clipped in the yanked and twisted in my ears to this morning 119 hair growing in the ears
Everything droops 114
Getting close to death 92
A lot of people are worried that their hair and that their head is going to like start getting a squawse
After one side like that purple guy the medical examiner see I didn't even increase his assistance that time
Are you proud of me?
No you're learning
Getting close to that 92 I hate this pull 91 6.8%
That's typical sour out response
Too many sour candies it lets us a sour response
Nothing I'm looking forward to getting old 90
Those people need to be put away for a long time
Until they get really old
I poop my pants 74
A lot of fun
And my kids will stick me in a home only 14 people worried about that
I think a lot of people out there wish that somebody would put him in a home
Everybody takes care of you know you have all the health care and everybody comes and they give you a little pat on the back of the head
Oh I shaved my head this morning
Good I feel smooth
I feel just like Shrine head O'Connor I shaved it so close
Or Brittany
Or yeah or Brittany I think I do a little bit better job than Brittany
She's just a rank beginner
I do underline the word rank
Here's today's pull
745 votes
We'll get to our thousand when I sat down here was like 5 something Chris said oh you're never gonna make a thousand a meal
Then you say that? No
He don't dare say that
Here's the pull
What is the be- this is interesting
Marginally
What is the reaction you get when you tell others that you listen to Neil?
And it's not my pull and I didn't add anything to it
Who is Neil Rogers 179?
24% of 745 votes
Almost a quarter of the people out there
When they say they listen to the show the responses
Who'd add?
Who's uh...
Is that hell of a cab?
And a week from tomorrow is 31 years I've been on the ear in this town
You can't complain about the promotion we get because we don't get any
I don't tell anyone I listen to you 102 probably a good idea
The responses? I'll write
So do I 86
So do I
I can't stand that bastard 67
You like Neil too? I love him
He's the center of my universe I want to meet him, stalk him, do him be him 48
See just reading that choice alone takes about half an hour
I didn't write this
He's still on I thought he retired or died 45
Oh
The ever presence of QIMN in the community
I was at the sports station where they talk about ball games and jock straps all day
Yeah, that's the one
Ain't he the greatest?
39
Here's an interesting one where they say they listen to me the responses
Why?
33
Laughter 31
Yeah like that not fall down on the floor laughter
I hate this pull 29 3.8%
That's cool 29
They don't get more any cooler than this
When's he on?
What station? 28
You often come you think out 26
And then the FU get away from me 10 with all I'm swear you know
Only 10 get away from me
Unclean, unclean
But it is interesting I don't tell anyone I listen to you 102
It's a closet thing
Closet is getting really crowded again
Just when we thought we were clearing it out a little bit it's getting crowded again
So now do you approve of this pull? I mean somebody send it in
Approved of it?
You... the question I think is
Yeah no
You know what? No
I mean I like it in that it's a pull
Laughter
It's one we don't have to come up with
Chris is this a bad pull the one that we got up 30 though yeah that's Chris
I have no problem with the pull
And I voted for all right
Oh that's what they tell you they tell you
All right
What is it that you don't like about the pull Mr. Rodriguez?
I'm not saying it's in this spectacular what?
No it's just a... it's not controversial
It doesn't have like a lot of hate and venom that the people can get into
Well the hell it doesn't it's got like a whole bunch of choices about what a piece of crap I am on there when they love that
No not about you
Yeah
Kiss you on the top of your shaved head
Yeah right no they don't
I'm sending you a fact right now and one of them is about how this uh this judge this end-of-the-school judge
He wants his own TV show I've been telling people that since the moment
I saw him on TV oh yeah
Sticking it up and he thinks he's funny
And it's obvious that I told everybody
He says you're a stranger than I'm gonna know that this guy just
Hamming it up I said that he's going for a show
He's auditioning that's what he was doing yesterday
I know
I've been up for about two minutes and he was just doing years ago
Some of us have wives who like court TV and watch it all the time so I'm getting like double and triple dosage
Of all that
Yeah well they got some good stuff to cure that
In fact you know what it is
Yeah it works every time
Provinces after 10 at 5.60 W.C.M. George doesn't like the day I pulled it
He hates the one for tomorrow and then we're gonna do I think for Friday the name your favorite ancient restaurant
That's you know been out of business for at least a hundred
Come on now it's just to talk George which disease do you miss the most?
Disease or condition?
Measles? Rickets?
Let's see anyone that kept me out of school I'll go to the O.M.
The flagship station
What the hell on access?
I thought it was
The death of Anna Nicole Smith
You know what honestly this paternity issue is crazy
We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father
I've got a surprise for you
Homer let me guess
You dated Anna Nicole
Superlating
And you guys got freaky deaky?
Something very close exactly along those lines
And I knocked you up
Really? Am right
How was that possible?
So I have to draw you a diagram?
Homer you're a cartoon character
Well well well if it isn't professor no at all
And cartoon characters cannot not talk humans
Oh crap I forgot
I knew what had been here
Ten seventeen
Assess and the good news is we have 1216 friends at our Myspace page
We have 1217 by deleted Tom
How come I took me this long to do that until you guys told me to do that
I don't know
Because I'm dumb
Because these guys have told me this morning
That's the first thing you do when you shut up your page is you delete Tom
Who's Tom?
Tom is some
I mean is there a real guy named Tom?
Or is he just a figurehead?
He was the one that invented it and he sold it a long time ago
He was?
A gazillion dollars
In other words there's a real guy named Tom
Right is it the guy that's stupid picture?
Or remember that's him?
But he probably lives on some island somewhere
Yeah
I'm so sick and tired of that thing popping up in the corner
Or Tom's online, Tom's going away Tom
So now I guess I'm not going to get there anymore
And now when somebody applies to be your friend on there
And you go to their profile and they have one friend and it's Tom
You go like that
Oh yeah
790 on the pole, I don't say 790 that's bad
It'll plant the acid in their mind
Now to clarify us any programming tips for today or what?
No, not yet
But the day is young
Because you know me on these Wednesdays my mind is way spit in ahead of time now
I'm thinking about two o'clock
I'm thinking actually about 145 when I finally put my shoes on
I have all my clothes etc
You're way to run out of that cab and zip off the woodbine and find me a good machine man
Or maybe not a bad machine, I don't care
I enjoy it either way it's just fun for the people mind
It's fun for the old man you know
I like it
Wait till you're this way from North Logan, Utah
Speaking of a Fargo, well what's Fargo Fargo is North Dakota
Well same kind of thing, it's a state where nobody lives
North Logan, Utah
University is southern California hockey goal
He put on a show but had nothing to do with stopping shots
Mickey Meyer
What a great name
Mickey Meyer wrote his stick like a horse
Dropped his bulky pants
Moomed at the crowd and slapped his butt off during game against Brigham Young
Police said
Oh not against Brigham Young, those morons
Woo!
He was ejected and ticketed for ludeness
A Mr. Meener, actor officer was working security at the ring city witness the scene Saturday
He dropped his pantaloons
I had my fill of those refs
Meyer said on internet broadcast of the game court the hero journal of Logan, Utah
It'll be up to prosecute his mother to pursue a case against him
This is a small town north park police sergeant John Atele Sano said
This was a college team playing and hockey's a wild game sometimes things get out of hand
Right, whatever that means
Meyer's annex occurred while play was stopped and the referees were trying to serve out penalties in the third period of a consolation game
In the ACHA West Regional Terminat Eccles Ice Center
Eccles
The junior from Clinton, New York was riding his hockey stick like a horse and slapping his butt
North Park Officer Mike Stoffer said in the report I sure like his frozen dinners man
I like the stuck peppers the Stoffer isn't it Stoffer makes that?
I don't know
I don't know who makes it
Good stuff though
After pulling down his pants Meyer slapped his beer bottom several times
Backed home his ass
Backed home
Rick manager Floyd Nagle was unhappy we don't treat this as a funny incident he said to his they were a family-oriented business
It's a one-time incident we tried to do what we can to protect ourselves from perverts like that I guess he meant
The Trojans lost the game against BYU 6-4 the night before they lost three to one to Utah state
Boy they got some tourists
USC volunteer hockey coach Mark Wilber said the incident highlights the frustration that can come with plain tournament consolation rounds
Early in the morning after a loss far from home
Oh yeah early in the morning don't you always want to drop your pants and ride your hockey stick like a horse and slap your ass a little bit
Sure why not? Maybe that might hockey stick
Early in the morning
All you're doing is asking for seniors to do stupid stuff he said
That sounds like the kind of coming at her in this station like the rationalization of any kind of stupid job behavior
What's cause of it early in the morning?
If the season's over he'd just like to pack up the team during her home he said
Wilber said he had no specific policy for dealing with publicly bearded bottoms
Welcome! I sure is how no condoned on any level he said
Prosecutors Scott Wyatt laughed when told about the incident Tuesday at the state Capitol
Where he's a member of the Utah House he declined to say whether he'd press charges
They max him on penalty by the way 6 months in the slammer
He'd have a lot of time to be moon and the inmates in there
To have his pantaloonies down and I'm shredded over big
Yeah well that's my call but I haven't seen anything for police why so that's the story from
North Logan Utah about the bare bottom hockey goal
Drop it his pantaloonies 7. I'd be able to have 802 shakes of a lamestailed before you can say
Oh be by gosh by golly
I'll see any phone calls from him and I was going to take a zinny to them today
I was going to take about 4,000 calls between now and two o'clock
Because I figured being Wednesday the middle of the week
And also maybe we can get some people to call and explain what ass Wednesdays all about
That big thing? Sure let's do that
Well there's Hannah the cool smith's mother on his stand that's the one and the cool
States he was an evil bitch remember that yeah some of us can relate an evil hateful bitch
Yeah some of us could relate to that whole mom's an evil bitch thing
And I know you love people who tell you what kind of a relate to me when your mom is alive
Because I know you got it all the time we'd take calls on the show where people would tell you what kind of a relationship you should have with your parents
Oh yes but you love that as if they know
Why aren't you nice to your mother why don't you help out your father remember you used to get the whole time
Oh yes of course he's been dead for a few years now but nevertheless all the experts
Oh well of course that's the anti factor you know all these people listen to the shows they're the experts on your life and my life and my life
That's right everything just ask them no say or don't WDQYM hello
Okay there's our first call today it's a successful dial tone let's hear it
Alright at least that's working that is working WDQYM hello
Hey how's it going today? Okay sir
Good Neil did you see that new video the movie of the JFK and Jack one?
What about what what is that proof?
It doesn't prove anything but if you look behind on the other side of the street there's a guy in a suit in sunglasses
And just as the mother Kate passes instead of watching Jackie and JFK he looks up to his left towards a down school book deposit towards Older
Yeah absolutely wow and what does that tell us?
Doesn't tell us anything but it's interesting
Well you're easily interested okay thanks very much so there's a guy that's very easily interested I saw that footage
They showed it about 40 million times because they've got it that's why they do it because they got it and they can show it
And it didn't show me a damn thing it didn't add a damn thing to it except of course like I said yesterday for the narration by the network shills
Well it's been well proven that Le Harbours was the lone assassin oh no it has about that sure yeah sure like Frankie Pantangely would say
Look at this phone man is it going to be one of those days that would not be good on ass Wednesday that's because they're all in church on their knees I would bet
And maybe some of them might even be praying
You better not start being disrespectful man William Donahue from the Catholic League is going to start kicking your ass
You better watch it mister who will be peeing all over your leg if you don't watch it
They william Donahue with the Clint's teeth the one that's out there the real far-bison guy you know
So we scream at about anti-Catholic discrimination and but a beep but a boop but a bop and he never met a mafia hitman they didn't like all that stuff
WDQAM hello
Happy ass Wednesday hello
Newly
Yeah I don't know where the slot just today
I don't know I wasn't there were you
Yes very very bad well stream and Marty grow our starting this slowly tighten up the machines lot
Oh the type of the tighten up the machines well I'll tell you how woodbine is today okay how are the machines yesterday this guy
Like that oh man I kissed the ground I'm kissing the tape right here I'm kissing everything I can kiss an ass even my own
That I'm not there what a place the sun is shining here and it's kind of toasty going to be 38 plus three Celsius today
Not too bad nice day for woodbine and guess what I just noticed
What in looking out my nice window with the sunny there's not a cloud in the sky it's a beautiful day
For the 21st of February and the snow you know that we had that one day where we hit like three four inches snow it's all gone every every
Flake basically is all gone 21st of February so like that guy to call yesterday
Yeah what's your take on global warming what's your take on life and death what's your take on
And uh crap you know I'm so glad that I'm out there you have no idea 814 both of you is outstanding pulled all this in the jewelry
Call us oh
Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room in the shower maybe you play to the NBA you're retired
And you have the need to express yourself nothing says it better than a card new from small mark
The Tim Hardaway collection each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt bestest
I heard gay people the Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package
Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender
Um um you know I let it be known I don't like gay people
Say it with a card when you claim homophobia and protest too much it's a cry for help and
Agreeing the next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate but you just have to say it dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection
I have gay people from small mark where you care enough to make a jackass of yourself
Alright 1031 at 560 WQAM Bob and Carl spring says you have no idea how lucky you are being in Canada and not subjected to the end in a cool second 24 hours a day
How to duke it out over who will take possession of the body and where and in a cold Smith will be buried
We're going to continue to follow
Well I'm sure we are we're following it like uh uh the dog follows the send of a butchered cat
Interesting the jackass judge sideline has become the 2007 version of judge Edo says Bob and Carl springs well guess what
Somebody also facts this in
Which I don't really care about that first part about the AM radio station with a super bowl tickets
You find that it even marginally interesting?
No
I don't but the other part on here
TMZ has learned judge Larry sideline's dream is to become a judge on a TV courtroom show
How come you responded where George disappeared to?
Let's just say it wasn't gas that he had
So in other words he's making a return trip as we speak he was a little while ago
He was right before the show he was racing down the hall
Uh oh that's not good
Oh man
The endlessly entertaining Florida judges hearing the end of the cold cases had a TV show on the brain for months
It says
Sources say Judge sideline has even made a demo tape of cases that were recorded in his courtroom
That's scary
Talk about a hand bone
Judge sideline whose name is extremely similar to judge Judy Shindland
His name is Larry sideline, sideline and Shindland
Graduated from night law school in New York
sideline was a taxi driver who worked his way through his school
At the age of 28 he was the youngest judge ever to be elected in Broward County
The 56 year old hand bone judges married with a young daughter
George get back yet or not
Wow heavy duty man
That's bad news
Well he didn't go right at the beginning of the break I guess it did
Who's this on the bat line? QAM bat line hello
Hello
Hey can I be on hold so I can hear the show
Who's this? George
I don't want to miss anything
Why you're not coming back for about an hour so what's going on with you now?
Well you know that sound that you make when you get to the bottom of the milkshake
Yeah
Well that's what I'm that's the kind of sound I'm talking about
I don't want to hear about it okay we don't want to hear those sounds okay
We don't want to hear those slurping sounds
Those little slurping would be good take one up play you can check
Oh yeah
So there's George that's the first on the near Roger show George calling from the can
All right that was excellent
Is that beautiful or what?
That's awesome
That was a radio first okay who says we don't do something new and different every day on this freaking dumbass old show?
We're legendary
I am legendary forget about you okay
But hey you're legendary I'm a peon
Yeah you're a peon all right
And it's too bad because I just did the judge Judy's a story there with Judge Asylum
Well we'll repeat that when George if George ever pulls his pants up and comes back out of there
Remind me to do that again because he's all he's all whipped up about this Georgie hates him like poison
And then rightfully so
Hand me that up though the whole thing is a forest those two minutes ago yesterday
It's just like a circus he's just conducting a circus in there
George now we're talking about it
Judge Judy
It's funny because she's she's not trying to be funny
She just says no she's like she's just saying you around right that it's just funny that it's coming from her mouth
This guy is trying to be funny it's just contrived it's not funny
Oh there's nothing worse than that ask our morning guys
Okay how are we doing here um we got 832 votes on the pool
What is the reaction you get when you tell others you listen to Neil
Who's the O'Ryder's 204 that's bad man this is not a good sign
Considering a week from Mars by 31st anniversary on here
And this is a God for second market 31 years and there are still people out there to who that who that
That's just people trying to wile you up
No it is not everybody loves you
You know seriously between Georgia's problem and the can and your suction this week man
I don't know whether I'm going to survive all this I think
No those folks are like the guy that said he uses body
Oh there are not
No there are not this is my audience doesn't lie
Okay our audience is 100% honest
Who's Neil Rogers 204 I don't tell you when I listen to Neil
109 I wouldn't either
All right so do I 93
All right I can't stand that bastard 76 that best thought of the door
He's still on I thought he retired or died 53
You like Neil too I love him he's the center of my universe I want to meet him stalk him do him and be him 52
Send a picture
Ain't he the greatest 44 laughter 39 why why do you listen 33
You FM commie pinko 33 I hate this full 32 3.8% that's cool that's cool is God
But third man which you can't get cooler than that when he on what station 29 and
F you get away from me 11 and I mean I don't know how else to I get what other words to use in there what's got all those symbols you know
Those swear words screw you get away from me 11 well that's not too bad
They're unclean how did George ever make it back or not I guess not he's still there
Wow he's still doing a story episode like you had last week
He's one having an episode like you had last week
When how was that remember your elevators oh I see oh no you joking me he didn't like a
Well I've never seen George run that fast before like I said
We had like the we're the last break and he'll take my phone and the runs I see that's bad
WDQ I am hello why you're actually taking calls from people other than George yeah what's
With the negative area tone today about what yeah I think the first guy you first
The guy out of the box you're asking about that tape and you give him a real hard talk about the Kennedy tape yeah I mean
I mean you've got a nine train right now I did you see the did you see the tape yeah did you find anything interesting on there I think that you got to give it a little time
I don't have a train it's boring man the tape was boring and you're boring okay give it a little time
I'm always here in his out to give people a lot more time I'm going to tell you something
So there's nothing worse than being intentionally boring some people are accidentally boring like Joseph Gackie
They just sound that way and they can't help it they're trying their best but they're just not they were born boring
But putting jackasses like you on here to give me a lecture about how I should know the negative
Tone like that there was nothing interesting about that tape okay it was Jackie and J.F.K. in limo
Before the shooting and it was nothing nothing worth seeing they've shown it 50 trillion times I'd rather watch Dick Cheney fall down and break his neck
Which hopefully you'll do here in the right place for war from former ambassador Joe Wilson prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald
Yeah, we know all about it and nobody cares about that they want to know about this this freaking judge
WDQA and hello
Hello
Okay, get a new phone get when it works did George make it back on right here? Oh there you go
So I didn't fall in anyway that's good no you know radio history that was radio history in the making so
Yeah, George was making and we were making radio history on the legendary Roger Scherz
I heard some real boring call when I came in here that we have exactly how come you're so never the negative
Territory tone about the J.F.K. you know you saw that tape
Are 100 times 80 billion times and there's nothing else that's going on and this is because there's nothing else going on
So you didn't hear the thing about Judge Scydlin who's made a demo take the cases that recorded in his courtroom
And his name is extreme the similar judge Judy Shindlin and his name is Scydlin he ain't no judge Judy
At 2080 was the youngest judge ever to be elected and Broward and he's got a TV show on the brain for the show
For months it says here it says his dream is to become a judge on a TV courtroom show
Of course I'm so on as if as if we haven't a caught on with it. He's sticking it up he's yulking it up
He can stick it up right then there is deep as he can reach baby he can stick it all the way to the moon but he's not
Yeah and and this is supposed to be some heavy duty stuff you know about the kid and we're so concerned about poor Danny Lynn
And this one and that one the putrid rotting body and all this crap I don't care about it at all
In fact let me just turn over to the CBC since that one facts every you know you're lucky to be there not to be dead
Huge with all this crap let's see if the CBC is pending naturally on progress and the capability of the rocky city
There's the CBC they got Tony Blair now they're talking about cutting the British force they're talking about something that has a little significance in the world
People are dying all over the place violence and murder and bloodshed and they got real news on there
Not freaking Annan Nicole Smith and her putrid sticky body
I don't know too God
I'm sorry
I was responsible for that team effort
I grew up in the Catholic way served as an alter boy every Sunday after mass the priest would ask if I could say lame
But asking to go on a little job
Work me that an angry God wouldn't be pleased if I didn't get down on my knees and that nobody should ever know
That team showed me his holy roll
All three boys when they wear a dress comes in handy for easy access
They reach up under there and give it a grab and like it best with their nuts and sacks
The parents got mad at him when he got caught at least until the Vatican paid him all off
They shipped them out to Arizona to a train to get forgiven by the Pope and gives his little brown room
You can't do it
You can't do it
1046, 14 to 11 a queue
Let's see let's look at Wednesday schedule it's a pretty pristine and clean
This is the old queen mad dog a two four to five to power our with hankin' a mad dog together hang a Henry Goldberg five to seven then oh boy
How much of parents ain't there today is he?
No, he probably is there because it's a home game
Is he there? I think I saw him today
Now who cares? Seven o'clock at two he canes warm up seven thirty its canes basketball against Virginia
And then the core canes wrap up when the game is finally over at long last and then game night would just see anger following that game
Oh not game that on the hurricane's and I kind of talk about that all the way to midnight are they on this station? Oh my god
Couple more for the poll one and look what this is from university Dodge
You know I'm sure hope there's some cars over there because they sure as hell spend most of the rest of the day facts and that's a bunch of crap
For the pool why do you listen to a fag?
That's good and also why do you listen to an atheist?
We'll put them right on there get those right on there
Here's another poll from somebody what judge has left the most memorable impression in your mind this is good I like that
Got a bunch of walkin' around here and judge Judy and a lot of strangers
That's good thank you very much lot polls are coming in like crazy lately and you know what I don't care if they're good enough
Now here's an interesting article from Andy and Miami Beach which I already saw this
You see how I dropped I was number always on number 15 or something like that in the talker magazine poll and I'm done number 69
They fear that it's gonna take a little more suggestive in there. Yeah it says you were talking the other day about
Sogarass Mills and you seem to ask a lot about it so here's the scoop. Yeah scoop this Andy
They didn't additional last year that makes it about 2.6 million square feet which makes it the fourth largest mall in the country
How do you like that? Oh my god
Adventurer mall's new edition puts it about 2.5 million square feet to fifth largest
By comparison since I know you spend much of your time there in which I do not the Eaton Center is 1.6 million square feet
Well, a lot of you know I guess Toronto's gonna have to apologize and get our hands in these and say oh
We're so sorry that the Eaton Center is only 1.6 million square feet but the Sogarass is so much bigger
The only difference being that I can see is that the Eaton Center has a lot of great stories and there's good reasons to go there
That's what I see
And then it goes on to say the shoppers at Sogarass superior to me is the typical suburban-broward resident shoppers
Now have you ever heard anything so ridiculous in your life? No?
I mean I never meant anybody who speaks English at the Sogarass
Adventurer mall is usually a flesh fest packed with women showing off their goods, their big boobies, val harbour shops
Which has the highest sales per square foot in the country
Oh Andy must be a mall expert
I guess the Bentley trophy wife cried and I saw Tom Brady there a few weeks ago shopping alone
Poor Tommy he needs company
Of course the hottest women I would link and wrote with their dogs
Sogarass does seem to bust in tourists at certain times of the year
It's not unusual that Sogarass is one of Florida's largest tourist attractions that happens a lot with malls
For example it says the Eaton Center is listed in guidebooks as the number one tourist attraction in Toronto
Oh my God
I mean how about the CN Tower? How about the Skydome?
The Eaton Center is the number one tourist attraction in Toronto? How about the Eels apartment?
Also it says I saw the latest talkers magazine has the meaning was 2007 heavy-hundred list putting you with the apropos 69 position
Randy was lucky number 13
Oh yeah, she's a good long way with my material I'll tell you that
But nevertheless who cares?
873 votes on the poll today let's get the phone smoking here man
George was in there he was smoking it
Let's get this I don't think it's going to happen today in the phone
I don't know
You don't know what? I don't know if it is I mean you don't think so
I don't think so
I'm going to promise you and of course I'm so a negativity about the Kennedy tape you know
5670560
Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line
Ask Wednesday baby I think this could be very educational I think a lot of us heathens would like to find out
What it's all about and what the significance is of Schmurrin and Mash is on your forehead
What's that supposed to prove what does it do for you?
How about a Herschmur the ashes on my machine it would bind today I love those people they help I love the especially women
But sometimes guys you know sometimes like guys from India and place like that very superstitious and they take and they rub their hands over the glass on the machine
You know they rub their hands across the glass and then they lose their ass you know
I don't know what is that supposed to do is that for good luck is an ass on the machine
You know they rub their hands across the glass and then they lose their ass you know
I don't know what is that supposed to do is that for good luck is that the night I guess there's all the superstitious rituals that people do
When they gamble lucky other people do anything like me QIM hello
Everybody Wang Chung tonight everybody Wang Chung tonight
WQ I am hello
Oh I'm here
Yes sir
That guy must have been a molex for everybody
It sounds like it
But let me ask your question is it the path part of the eating center or the eating center separate?
Well I mean the path is an underground yeah it goes through the eating center yeah
That's pretty damn big so I think that's probably bigger than the sawgrass
But sawgrass is okay all right you know take care now
Okay
Oh
Woo
Man and you don't want to be here
I can't imagine anybody I don't want to be with the cream of the craft the intelligentsia
These people are the best the path the path is just an underground walkway
They have it in Montreal too I don't know what they call it there hey
But they have the same thing underground and of course in cities up north where there's a lot of brutal weather
There's not so much lately because we have global warming we're all going to die but aside from that
It's another ground path that goes through the eating center through a lot of for blocks and blocks and does that
And I don't really pay much attention to it okay I'm not kind of an underground kind of guy
I like being above ground I don't know about you
I guess that all depends on who's on the ground and who's above it and what they're doing
WQ I am hello
Yeah, what did they mention the river bridge that came out this year called something in the air
All these in this market Fisher and we're going to come to the book first thought you called it
You can through the south there the radio
He's an idiot he's an idiot Mark Fisher
He's the one that wrote that hatchet job in a herald on me a hundred years ago
He's a jackass Mark Fisher
Let me say to you again sir in traffic magazine in the herald he ripped me an ass he did a hatchet job
He should only croak a wicked death I don't want to be a negativity like that one guy said
What is with these people?
Well somebody mentioned you in talker's magazine and somebody mentioned you in Mark Fisher
Mark Fisher and Macy Fisher okay same guy
God are you people terminal why did you talk me to taking these stupid calls today?
Because I'm a bastard because you really are because you don't like to pull today
So you're all bent out of shape that's why God is punish you
You're a better nurse. She squirts or whatever you got by the way speaking of that
Yes, I remember once in a while you walk into the bathroom and you realize that somebody missed and they're sliding
Oh I don't wait listen listen listen to me right now nip it in the butt okay
I know you I know you're speaking from recent personal experience
We're not going to get an expiratory on the show today okay we have enough baggage we have enough baggage in the morning okay
What desperately trying to find where that line is and usually being way way over it
We have enough of the OTT will with that we're not going to contribute our part
Okay, we're going to be clean and pristine says this nasty old queen I am nasty day because that the guy what you're so
Negatory about because you're boring because you are terminally boring God for me in a coma
I think I'm going to have them install my own real fortune machine right here in the studio
So while the show is on I can like a little entertainment God
Some of these people is like like taking Xanax taking a handful don't want to ruin the surprise that I was saving for the future
I don't I don't want to smell it smell during your birthday I made a an enormous effort to find a slot machine to send you
I found really an affordable one a real real one that you could stick your tokens in and stuff like that
Wow token but they would have got you a token you just punched somebody up
I know I did well I'm waiting for you to finish this story about the problem with the shipping and the customs and the tariffs and all that stuff
It just a wonder cause what is that clown saying hello Reverend Jones we are Reverend Jones is an ass here we know WQAM hello
QAM I'm punching these and I got news for you nothing happened QAM
I'm holding it up hold on let me get up to speak or phone yeah well could hold it yeah
I nearly filled my big salmon salad just wanted to reach out to you this morning it's a beautiful day in South Florida I trust you're still in Toronto
That is correct you that is absolutely correct I'm in beautiful Toronto the sun is shining it's going to be 38 degrees the snow is melted it's a lovely day in paradise
Oh boy in the meantime I'm still I'm I'm clutching I'm holding on to it in anticipation of your speedy return to South Florida
For one of your ever so popular appearances are you still making them no I'm not have you changed your wardrobe yeah
I know something I was a quarter of a second away from that this is the word that's your mother even a car
That's it wow I was just going to say that I've got to get a new wardrobe before I can come back
And he just beat me to the punch I'm in fact I was going to ask him about my new wardrobe
I like it but he didn't have a chance to tell me he was too busy yuck it up he was holding it and squeezing it
881 on a pole will make a thousand easy today Christian spite of our dire predictions before the show that's all we care about
In fact I'm going to tell you right now as is concerned this business okay which is gone into the tank
And it's concerned to South Florida the colors on this phone are there only two things that I care about as far as as far as radio
You know what they are the 10th of each month and the 25th of each month
Those are the only radio connected things that I have any interest in plot so ever okay the 10th and the 25th payday speaking of candy bars
I don't know if I ever had a payday like there are a lot of nuts in there yes it's like new getting nuts payday sometimes you feel like a nut
And sometimes you don't and what about is the get far what is that I don't know
This is your money
This is your money
No attention score holes are you gay and hard all day make it stay the class it way with new hard away the anti erectal oral
Robertson heller hello this is Donna Michi perhaps you remember me from such film is trading places and cocoon
I was excited to come back to life to tell you about this unexciting product design to unexcite you next time you're standing in the locker room surrounded by naked men just grab your lips around the things a guard shaped hard away in hailer before you begin to hate yourself or give them around and you'll solve into a pliable mushroom that folds neatly into a confident and read that
Of a hard away anti gay and keep the bag its away
The old juxtap just take what it used to be hide your heart away
900 votes on a poll but we got a thousand easy today even though we're very negative to any audience is just more disgusting than ever than usual
Here's a poll a poll a fact from Tracy who says about ass Wednesday
She says ass Wednesday is the first day of lense which lasts for four days ending in Easter it's the day after show of Tuesday
Marty Gra the last day of carnival season carnival from the Latin Carné Valle which means farewell meat I think I've said that
Mark's the time when Catholics give up something traditionally meat for the Lenten season until Easter to show penance and reflect on the sacrifices of Jesus and blah blah blah
That's a good thing I had my meatloaf yesterday that's right first they don't got no meatloaf or wood mine anyway but you know I can eat there free anytime I want you to understand that I didn't know my point for my card right and the food that they serve there I wouldn't I wouldn't serve it to a kitty cat that's how bad it is
There are loopholes in a Lent where you can have meat on Fridays or something in Catholics of Irish heritage are exempt from fasting on St. Paddy's day which is mighty convenient no so Tracy yes
Here in the Orleans many people give up different things and not everyone who does it is Catholic it's a pretty heavy tradition here and is our local excuse for the excessive decadence of carnival season says Tracy thank you Tracy that's for you oh I should have given that up sorry for Lenten can that be Lenten I said that before can that be Lenten how about can that be felt
Mine hundred down the pool baby even though George hates this pool like poison no that other one about the close restaurants I hated like poison this one I'm going to go into anything
WCYM hello here yes sir that's that's him again over and over and over WCYM hello
QAM wow see I put you I don't have to feel it a male half Wednesday let me see your booty shake come on booty shake booty booty booty shake let me see that booty shake shake
was that Harry Casey I think it was a judge yesterday order that OJ Simpson's income from past work on movies TV and commercials go directly to the family murder victim
Ron Goldman but he rejected the family's bid to collect Simpson's earnings on future project all men
Simpson as we all know well too well was acquitted in October 95 a murder charges in the June 1994 slangs of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and Goldman
but a civil court jury later held a libel for the killings in a wrongful death lawsuit ordered him to pay 33 and a half million dollars most of that that remains on paid
Simpson now as you know it says here in Miami in the Sun settle I would call it candle myself is that where he lives hello
candle is candle is an unaccompanied date it's a Miami he lives there lawyers for both sides portrayed Tuesday's ruling on royalties or other earnings by LA County Superior Court judge
Joe Rosenberg as a victory Simpson attorney yelled go Lanter said royalties Simpson received some past work for films such as the naked gun moving the TV show first in 10
amount to almost nothing last year Simpson's royalty checks from all of his movies will less than 39 cents Glender said they all thanks too much if he got 39 even if he got 30 cents still too much
they got kicked to the curb again he had it every door they're banging on get slammed however golden attorney David J. Cokes said the ruling on past royalties was a step in the right direction indicating the family would seek to determine what Simpson's royalties really amount to
we presume there is money we're not going to take the word for a cook said Rosenberg deferred ruling on a third request by the goblins to collect any advance money Simpson may have received for the book and TV show if I did it if I done it he scheduled a hearing on the matter March 13th the if I done a project in which Simpson was to explain how he might have committed the killings was abandoned amid public outrage Simpson who maintains his innocence of course has said he took part in the project the secures children's financial future and then his advance for the projects already been spent
on the
got all made he's what's wrong with South Florida right there plus of course most of the colors w. Q. A. M. Hello
Q. A. M. You can do it no yes sir what was that big old thing that got laid on your body shoulder
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
It's extra special Wednesday. I like this. I'm in a mood for I might do it the whole four hours today, you know, this is kind of I got to hear in Maya knows and one in my several and over here because they're so extra special good today WQYM Hello
Now if we were talking about important things like football then we'd be getting some real educational intellectual calls 905 votes on the pool but it's kind of slowed down a little bit. We just had 900 like a whole bunch of minutes ago. Let me refresh it 909
Now we're talking WQYM Hello
Hey, they're all my questions. As always when you take the deep breath before you start
Oh, I'm going to put the fake voice on this is the only thing I thought maybe he was sucking QA
You were just sucking all right. Yeah, I know that WQYM Hello
See this thing again more technical and condoms QYM Hello
Neil yes, call the rip on south Florida. Yeah, what's with a high curb down here? Can't make a left hand turn you got to drive to goddamn miles
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 in the Verizon Singular wireless line WQYM Hello
A lot of short calls today we could probably work in about 50,000 them today the way things are going. No problem. I'm just in the mood for it. No problem whatsoever.
WQYM Hello
Hello. Yes, sir. I can give you the name. The name of the game WQYM Hello
Hey Neil how are you? I just wanted to let you know I finally took your advice. I took the wife over to Italy in Rome. We went there and kept me a little bit and it was just wonderful. I never been before and on real
the food even the just the history over in Rome and where we stayed in tersevera you know the old exception and I just had a blast. So I did it on your advice and had a blast and appreciate all your help and love the show
I'm going to give you the name of the game WQYM Hello
I'm going to give you the name of the game WQYM Hello
I'm going to give you the name of the game WQYM Hello
I'm going to give you the name of the game WQYM Hello
That could be maybe your brains are purging now which of course it wasn't great matter. How about a hockey talk?
A little hockey talk? Yeah, about them Panthers they lost last night and they shoot out what about them? What about them sir?
Yeah, there's hockey talk. Okay, there's another shop for a road scholar. The intelligence here the cream of the crap crop.
Well hockey talk how about them Panthers? How about them dolphins? How about them Marlins? How about them Rednecks?
Sir you would know a hockey puck if they took 45,000 of them and stuck them steaming hot into your inner into your colon.
Hockey talk my ass. Yeah, hockey talk. What is that? Hockey talk woman? Yeah it is. I think you're going to play hockey talk by Bill Dugget.
There we go now we're talking. I was on Hillbog I was on 58. I don't have a good well to make. Go to QA and hello.
QAM? Hit it again. What do you mean hit it again? How many times you got hit this stupid thing? I hit it three times and I was fourth.
Oh wait a minute associate producer not the connector. Yeah we got we got a technical thing which if the engineer would come in one morning before the show we could just call part of the internet problem where happens today.
No, no this happens every day mister. This isn't part of the internet problem you're having today. This happens every day for months now.
What you be talking about man. What you be talking about. You know what I'm telling you. If you I'm telling in your smelling QAM.
Yeah, so yes. I'm going to let you know what I'm doing. Yeah good. Have a good time doing it. WQ a.m. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. You played a thing that week with the guy was talking about how you can do things with people.
Like helping all the way across the street with groceries and making a lot for it. Yeah. That was a anywhere you can get that other than hearing it from me.
No. Okay. All right. Well I'll make it feel better for what I want. They think. This is great. It is good. Dominic here. Why am hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I'd like to speak with Neil Rogers. You're speaking to him sir. I am. Yes you are. Okay. Well a couple weeks ago I was in town and I was striving to add a town.
I'm in a poll on the gayest song ever. Yeah. And I want to know what the winner of that poll was. And why did you want to know the winner of the poll? How is that going to affect your life so we can play it in the car line?
Well the reason being is that I think I knew I tried to call in the gayest song ever. I don't think it was ever mentioned. And what was that sir? What did we omit?
I believe you in the now again a lost perception. So I think what you admitted was Lola. No Lola was on the poll. Yeah we had it. Yeah. What it was why I'm seeing and you're a gay is what you're gay. Wow. They are good. You're right. In fact you know women is this good.
It's like sex when it's that could you just want more and more and just can't stop you know the kinks nice. I couldn't even hear the damn thing 916. It will be on the poll.
12 past 11 on QM to hell with all that sports talk man. We're just going to take a million calls today.
The biggest thing. I'm going to get out of here now. Who made you a rock? I lost the sports party. 30 million sounds good. And say cheese.
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
You're
And
I'm
Baby
Oh
My
I
My
Baby
Baby
What's been
Time
That's
Future
Almost
Project
Us
From
The
Like
We're being conquered by
Our
To
Be
No
Problems
Must overcome their
Fear of
Car
To
And
The
And
With the help of
Roger
Alien and
Under
But
Bob can make the Christians cry.
Must
Be
Scattered
Family
Guy
Drowns
A
Can
Stab
There's not
A lot that you can do.
There's a city that's run by
To
No, it isn't
There's a city where the city gets the
Boger
Justice
resolutions
When
People
S料
And
We're in
V like
You
and Jordan Marsh pigly weekly yeah well why do you like that one and hate the other one about the
restaurant all the things are casting oh I see lots of I told him I said you would hate it like
poison I'm not gonna do the pull every day just because you will prove it or because you like it
I know because somebody comes up with one of me before I do the pull I have to ask George
do you like it yeah otherwise I put pulls on there that I think are horrendous too just because
you know what else you're gonna do that's a better idea I take calls that I think are horrendous
today what else you gonna do it South Florida man it's our it's our crowd it's the South Florida
intelligentsia it's the crowd five six seven come on are you people can't even keep it up today I
mean we're not looking for quality working for a zillion calls today new people can't even do it
maybe it's because it's ass Wednesday now is this the day when people go to church and they get
the smeared on the forehead or what correct and of course if you're really clever you get like a
little thumbprint it's like in a rack when they voted and they had the purple finger whatever
and if you have like a little thumbprint on your forehead when I what what does that mean
does that is that like announcing the world that you're catlick or what oh yeah among other things
it means you're really Catholic I mean oh I see horror what about if you have the whole
pamphor in on your forehead what does that mean that means you're extra catlick
and then you get ready for palm Sunday that must be it that's cute when are you people gonna
grow up already when you're gonna stop with this nonsense already when is it gonna stop I
was telling George before to show today I really believe this the only hope for the future
of the human race and this is the truth the only hope for the future is a ban on all religions
yeah good luck that's correct well I mean it's bad for business obviously but never
let that's the only hope make people think stop with the fairy tale stop believing garbage stop
living your life like a ritual everything these people do it's a ritual and I don't want to get
that William Donahoe all about a shape of the Catholic Church when it comes to rituals baby
they sure got it down pad they got every between the wafer and the wine and the
and of course the Jews with the tits and the the fillin and all this other crap the doveting
are you picking on the Jews again oh is that it was you know the not only the Jews in the
Arabs that they're all circumcised they have that in common but the doveting you know the
Arabs are doing the thing with the the only thing the Jews are lacking is the magic carpet
wnaqaam hello i bet you still don't know who the girl wnaqaam hello
5 6 7 0 5 60 they can't even do it today they cannot even a little bit not even a little touch
and pound 5 60 and they've risen singular wireless line wnaqaam hello
oh yes sir for as windy come down here at the church
wnaqaam hello a new idea doing little comment for clearance about this construction
constructors and for George show the constructors and for the shows with the rating that
blows and exception all the other shows on those you know you've got ratings at four and
five to meanwhile guys that are on the air for air years are getting tood and freeze so
and so I thought yelvie on the hockey game the other night what the hell's going on on the top
it's head man it's on the track as that proper guy as the medical examiner he'll probably tell you
maybe they're going to rub their heads together two heads are better than one yeah that guy's
really weird the proper guy they've been showing him mo and mo lately and he is a strange now there's
a guy if anybody in the world ought to have a piece even if it was a bad piece not in 141 votes I
think we got a chance maybe a thousand by noon but I have my doubts say I think George is
right there's four two it's too long and complicated wnaqaam hello
yeah George is on there just left off wnaqaam hello
let me show you okay wnaqaam hello
my name is jokal that same mama I just love that Barack Obama
hmm wnaqaam hello qaam hello use that for the campaign wnaqaam hello
oh wnaqaam hello
by the way for anybody who may be visiting because it is the middle of the web or interlock
example you know what i was going to south florida visiting and wondering what they're listening to
they this is the voice of south florida this show is known as the echo chamber of south florida this is
the crystal clear window of our community the window of the world in south florida as we know it
and have known it for many many years what you hear is what you get so after you soak up the sunshine
which it is going to be nice and warm nice and toasted toward the weekend after you soak up the
sunshine get yourself a nice melanoma going i'll get the hell out you know what you're
right when in doubt get the hell out wnaqaam hello
meal yes sir hey i gave up hockey when the local sports announcer announced Pablo Berry
that's when i gave up hockey in south florida yeah when his name was Pablo yeah loving him
wnaqaam how sad qaam hello hey come to you
haha line nine qaam hello
wqaam hello
qaam hey nia good morning good morning do you sir
how always a pleasure now i want to pick your brain here a little bit there partner if you don't mind
take away sir go in and i want maybe you could uh maybe discuss with your own opinion what would
be some of the pros and cons of it hello i'm listening yes oh i'm sorry hey maybe just discuss uh
the pros and cons of the uh what i i believe is probably going to be a Clinton Obama ticket here in
another year and a half could you maybe talk about that a little bit with the
certain Obama ticket is that going to be no Clinton Obama ticket they're going to be running
against each other that's not going to happen no i'm no change it's ultimately doesn't she win the
primary and doesn't she take him with her no no no no okay are you asking for my opinion you
sound disappointed no she's not going to win sir she's she's not going to win he got a
personality like a dead woman even as marrullo's got a better personality right now she'd been
been for like 70 years well i would agree with that you know i mean it's no secret you know
obama's enthusiasm as uh you know it's well pensy for a known-nonsense approach and all that
and admittedly he lacks a little bit of uh you know world of parents for instance whatever but uh
i don't know i just was you know try to get your uh feel on you know what your thoughts on that
where i was you know thinking that would be a given you know she went to primary i think
again there is no chance of that happening none zero okay do that no all right all right
all right i appreciate your point never great life oh there's my input and my output how do you like that
951 and a poll were creeped up there toward a thousand and if we can get a thousand on a crappy
poll like this George yeah god only knows when we have a good poll like they want to barbati
at the funk the TV game shows oh can't wait i don't know why you're so down on that what what is it
with you with this you know with what you know you're almost you're almost thinking like you were
some 18-year-old punk or something a bit fan of ancient history i just know that other people are
well why did i not maybe they might learn something oh yeah that's the people in fact you know
something i'm gonna tell you right now i'm gonna turn it on i bet you right now it's 1127
in the big city and look at that i'm right
1800 1800 dollars now this is 10
101 25 oh what 25 oh wrong i sure hope that guy was he looked pretty good to me get baby
this is i was just you hot prince has britney spears and her to rehab facility wednesday
but then check yourself out one day later her less than model behavior lately has raised a lot
of eyebrows video taken early sunday morning in new york shows britney spears getting out of her limo
and a pot of what appears to be vomit is visible in the back seat for driver covers her with vomit
as she brushes by the cameras newspaper reports they britney was farting at manhattan's club
ten june drinking tequila from a bottle and just roving so she could vomit and now video of her
vomit shows britney in a less than flattering light oh poor britney and of course we know that
it couldn't just be another publicity stuff couldn't on any of these things that they were
constrained couldn't be just for publicity couldn't i don't think this is i think she's wicked
no point yeah right that she could use one 959 votes in the pool i bet you'd be crisp by a
noon we're in every thousand votes oh we got a licked yeah lick this let's thank you
well he's been kissing my ass man the last few days i don't know what that looks all about
what very scary man like how was that kissing your ass you never stop you never stop every chance
you get i just man when George was in the can you were just licky licky licky was almost
photographic well it's like maybe like the good cop bad cop George is like beating you up and
i'm trying to make you feel better yeah feel good massage yeah no thank you you you wouldn't
believe how fast i can run for no queen i'm right now i can move pretty fast i'll shuffle
away from your fat ass i'll tell you that now can we get to this to fax for a short few more
i don't know what they're all uh what did we ask for pool suggestions our friend Brandon
there is like having a hernia on the computer there with pool suggestions like what's your
favorite cereal that's a good one Brandon what's your favorite cereal and here's one after hearing
with song about cartoons how about a future pool suggested your favorite cartoon how many times we
done that at least about 30 thousand what's your favorite uh Chinese emperor right i'm part of
the pile of pools here in spite of what George says myself most of them are pretty damn good i don't
list one maybe for friday sounds good to me which what judge has left the most memorable impression
in your mind and here's the list that they've got so far Lawrence E. Lance Edo burry sideline
Sandra Dayo gayo Connor judge Judy clearance Thomas Lawrence token Thomas Earl Warren
Roy Brown judge Watner judge and boxing official mills Lane and Antonio was uh that's not his name
Antonin Scalia says Antonio get out of here Antonin Scalia hey Anthony 953 in a pool we're creeping
toward that thousand mark once we get it i'm just laying down on the floor i'm exhausted from the
tremendous input we've had here day nine sixty four on that pool holy crap man animal control
authorities are not amused by a fast food chains marketing stunt encouraging customers to
dress their cats and a special take-off bag i think that's cute pop right in the microwave
nuke them a little bit Tampa based checkers drive in restaurants is distributing rap cat bags
designed with cutaway areas for the cats legs and tail the cats head sticks out the opening of
the bag which is designed look like a basketball jersey in gold chain worn by the hip hop rap cat
puppet in checker spots never seen that no i think we got no checkers here that's probably
what i'm not seeing no spots i health book county animal services news release on monday said forcing
a real unwilling cat into a rat cat bag would be considered a felony animal cruelty the bag's
warning not all cats will be down with this uh wearing this bag do not harm or endanger any cat
is not enough the agency said the warning's not enough what if you have a hep cat
we have no ill will toward checkers or rap cat as a character said animal services spokeswoman
Marty Ryan our message is that it's not a good idea to try to stuff a cat in a bag it's just a
matter of common sense i don't know sounds good to me she said the agency's prepared to go to court
if necessary to stop the campaign checker said it means no harm no harm no foul when our
rap cat commercials began every last fall they were an overnight success at Richard tour
senior vice president marketing for checkers we received dozens of letters from our guest
requesting rap cat merchandise our new rap cat website cups and carry out bags are all in
response to rap cats popularity are intended only as a creative extension of our television campaign
rap this cat what's wrong with the rap cat dip on the wood i'll tightly the rap w-a-m-hello
i uh... i think i'm just not getting it enough
w-q-a-n hello
hello yes sir good morning good morning yes sir
i got a full suggestion um every word however you want but if you have one chance to kill somebody
who would you kill
uh...
w-q-a-m-hello
see i had it and nothing happens
q-a-m
hey me i'm going okay sir
i wanted uh... you know that i've put a pair of eating and it was my right to last night
w-q-a-m-hello
what's the change
any
you think that judge on the animal
cases of the cacophilia i think he has a key to the more
that's what he want
yet he's also concerned with a condition of that body
he wants to keep a clean and pristine
all i know maybe maybe that'll be the scene on the first show you get it's
judge sirens uh... show where uh... you know
uh... he would south of the body or would have said something
nine sixty nine ever to have a over a thousand by the top of the hour
boy
uh... crappy poll like this
and here's the result even though george hates this
what is the reaction you get when you tell others that you listen to me
nine sixty nine on their now who's new Rogers two thirty nine
but that's when you were kissed my ass all of the all of you knew that yeah that
i want to give you a kiss
yeah right
ridiculous
i don't tell anyone i listen to you hundred twenty three
alright so do i hundred and seven
i can't stand that bastard eighty two that best thought of the
eighty two
he still on a funny retired or died sixty four you like new to i love him is
the center of my universe i want to meet him stalking do him be him fifty eight
right
and he the greatest fifty one i hate this poll forty one four point two percent
that's not a very high number that hate this poll george unlike you
yeah only four point two percent that's cool forty
laughter forty uh... uf and kamy pink o thirty nine
why thirty eight why would you listen to him
when when's he on what station thirty one i'm sure there's still plenty of
people out there like that so i've been nine years
if you get away from the thirteen you listen to that bag three and why did
us do an atheist none
none zero zippity doodah
as long as i live i'll never forget i am not here in seventy one hopes as
long as i live uh another week or two i'll never forget
it was in pop it obi remember the miracle
that minor league baseball team we had in pop it obi and i was doing some kind
of appearance there or whatever
yeah i was bill fact you knew that was bill fact son i was promoting that uh
whatever the hell's name was mic fec
crimes with direct and promoting the a miracle and we didn't appearance out
and so now i'm going to the stadium in pop it over there i'm going to watch the
game
and are these two old cockers up there sitting on the edge and i can you know it's
quite you can hear a uh... pin drop
and i hear the one guy say the other one oh my god that the aridges you know he's
an atheist
yeah not he's a bag not he's uh... well you know anything else he's at
apiest i thought i thought they're going to run for the hills
he's not coming to everything he's in book
on it is he did i should have i should have liked sprung a big fat book right
at him or maybe i could uh...
some uh... meek low for maybe just a loaf
twenty to moon a q a n how long have i loved her
home man from first sight i mean just check out those headlights
i'm doctor new clerk war and founder of e-carminy dot com you know there's a
reason why some people love their cars more than anything else i was just
looking for a second car but thanks to e-carminy i found a ride of my dreams
i can all excited when i grab that stick and drive
based on our twenty nine levels of compatibility
e-carminy dot com will match your personality with the perfect automobile i was
thinking something small great on gas maybe even a hybrid but e-carminy told me
that i was going through a midlife crisis and what i really needed was a
look shardies it's got spinners long on to e-carminy dot com today and find out
that true love is four years and three hundred dollars power
oh speak of that rescue divers on scene after car drives in a florida canal do you
see that that's the new hobby now a card dives into the canal somebody didn't
drive it into it it just dove into it you know like uh... Greg Lucenas coming up in
the summer lipics wow canal now
of the vehicle that is submerged in what is described as a canal
uh... my m a day county florida fort waterdale is the city
uh... diver now
all right that a boy Tony day county for lauderdale is the city it just
we moved to for a lot of the day no say i'm going to say he
come on i'd like that is that is that first they had for a lot of
day up on the run the uh... not on the crawl but up on top and i was a
wf o r day county florida it says my me day but i won't say that those air
bubbles from the vehicle inside there
i need my airwriters on the scene right now this is goes on all the time for
whatever reason i mean we got a lot of canals but they're just a lot of bad
drivers is a bulletin for you five six seven oh five sixty come on look you can
do it man you can keep this going to two o'clock you've got a really good start
today so far we've had several really intellectual calls
pound five sixty and he provides a singular right this line what's your take
that's a good poll question isn't that that's the other question what's your
take dot dot dot
that's right what question you just put a bunch of random answers on there
what's your take
nine eighty nine i think we're going to do it before noon
christ see christ is uh... he inherited this from josh he's the pull observer now
we're starting to pull up i've got a pool observer for many years nine eighty nine
we just love votes for a thousand men then i can sit back and relax
start thinking about putting my shirt on my pantaloonies maybe my little
shoe action a little bit later on
get ready for wood buying Wednesday oh brother
i'm gonna start taking my nose clips with me though yeah
yeah that woman that that woman that farted next to me last week uh...
sunday i still can't get over i can still
identify in other words i can still smell is what i'm trying to say
oh yeah i can find it in front of the room uh... yes still there in my
nostrils malingering yes w.a.m. hello now you make it
the christmas
w.a.m. hello
java iraad speaking please
never i thought that was a rank of your outranker uh... concrete company
yeah with the phony voice in
w.a.m. hello
you
q.a.m.
problem is the front end
w.a.m. hello
any idea what is there okay sir
any of what what can i get that flavor way is there a website you might be
able to connect you to or
hit them and ask you this i don't want to want to be
court with your uh... chris or joh or anybody else but you know you could
google it flavor wave oven you know flavor wave deluxe just
and the way you be right flavor flavor no flavor
f.a.l.a.v.o.r flavor wave deluxe oven
and it goes chicken and and staking off the brain minute from frozen no less not
just does it cook it but from frozen like in uh... no time at all
great hmmm
mmmm okay enjoy it pally okay see if you're heading there and see what happens
fries brains too of course in his case okay let's see if we got that thousand
yet man i'm very very uh... tense about this
course we usually prefer this house by two a site of an urea
but you know on wednesday from noon to on i'm not really thinking about the
show i'm thinking about woodbine
nine ninety three month
not bad
not bad at all
we had a lot of minutes for some votes that's easy even even a even a child to do
that
even j j there are you know punches pulled baby i think that that promo just
it just sends me right to the board you know
yeah and it's also really old promo that i'm
right you think they could come up with a new one where he doesn't know
punches pulled or whatever that what is or they don't ask you should you wait
for the oh seven to come out
yeah i know i don't be starting to pick on that guy man that's not good
the good idea Chris
not a good idea pick pick it on the j j
wq a q a m hello
i like the picture yeah pick this okay wq a m hello
me
yeah sir
i keep on talking about the squad machines and they are you know you must do
pretty good or something uh down here my amia i used to go frequently to uh
make a few things
i literally lost my ass a couple times and
really got left out of my underwear as
god's a better player again i don't know you have good luck over no
no no i can handle it though man i can handle it
you can handle it yeah i can make more in a week than you're gonna make in your
lifetime i don't want to get to the press go away
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out
seriously are they ever going to do anything with the phone situation line one
has been out for months and months maybe a year i could be wrong about that
but it could be what is it longer than that longer than a year
probably longer than a freaking year okay and we have a little some kind of a
glitch here that we didn't know i wasn't here before and it's obviously in
the internet connection and it would take like about 10 seconds to get that
fixed if we can coordinate with someone let me say this to you okay before
the show tomorrow i can't do it because then i'll mess up their calls on a
morning show i sure wouldn't want to do that i wouldn't want to interfere with
that oblong table w-y-m hello
i like custody of the
w-y-m hello
custody of the
haha i like custard too frozen almond chocolate q-y-m hello i need a how you doing okay sir
hey um i just got these days you just yet some dummy talking about uh not us
a rock and uh and uh
or something uh what about uh what's probably gonna happen is Lieberman will get on there again
with brock it would be brockman is yeah they're gonna run a black and a Jew together it would be
really brilliant yeah Lieberman's gonna get on there what what are you people are you
i like heavy duty magic mushrooms did the shipment from Amsterdam just come in you crazy person
blah blah blah yes gonna be Barack Obama and Jew Lieberman
and then we can get the some other get ski in there too just to make danger they've got a chance
we can we can we can convert what's his name it romney from the republicans get him over on the
ticket nine ninety eight yeah a Mormon a Jew and a uh half half and half like the setup to a joke
yeah sure does Mormon a Jew and a half and a half guy walk into a bar
the Jew and the duck on his head he says and says what's with the sisters
nine ninety eight well i keep refreshing this thinking that maybe we'll get to the thousand
work like in the middle of the suns but they're likely in back they know we got eight minutes
for those two they don't want to overdo it plus they're probably too busy calling anyway
w-q-a-m hello q-a-m yes sir if you've cooked your slave or slave in the
way
w-q-a-m hello
do you have a living here?
yes sir
mighty girl
yeah back at you w-q-a-m hello
q-a-m yes sir
hey Neil good morning how you doing okay
listen i want to run some being by you and you tell me whether i'm being irrational
which i don't see anybody in the media saying or when our fear starts on world war three
we start bombing your run is irrational to say that after you just don't bombing your
run that all the Muslims over there in the midi what is to prevent them from turning on our
soldiers meaning just start killing them indiscriminately why don't i hear nobody
either in the uh... i don't know let me ask you this questions here do you think they're
just killing them discriminately now or indiscriminately are they being uh... they discriminating
that's right no no that's not what i'm asking what i'm saying is after he starts bombing your
run okay what is i'm not talking about the surgeons i do right now what is to keep the
Muslims saying okay through this let's put out your pictures aside see us shooting what
a see us do whatever we are and let's just go out to the soldiers and you know just just get them off
fuck them i hear nobody saying anything about that
hello what does that have to do with britain's haircut and the Nicole's body you better get
with it sir you're just you're way behind the times man don't start worrying about important things
like keeping people alive okay and let me take a look over here and see what we got uh... i'm sure
we must have the thousand i don't know i think this thing is i think erick probably put the block
on it put the blue blocker oh bad mushrooms that's what happened this president
prime thousand votes even retro wow i don't know how much in images that has america asking for
pop art or poison oh man and what's that kind of do with magic mushrooms i don't know but it sounds
like soft photos really heavy do the anyone thousand votes even on the pool and we finally got one
why do you listen to an atheist uh... unclean man one vote
can't you smell the pollution in your radio from the fact that he is being that that is
yeah that's what it is or maybe it's that woman that farted last Sunday
i was just in an over to pick up my diet so they don't just be sitting over to pick up my cup in my
lock you know in fact maybe maybe she down on purpose
maybe she's sneak did you know she saw is like we know but here and of course i wasn't
winning anything i thought maybe she was jealous or something i wasn't doing squat
i was squatting a little bit and she and her she was losing her ass she was just and thank god
for that oh maybe that's right she lost all over the city yeah she sure did she lost something
on the seat and in the year and around and about obviously there was something i'll be surprised
if that building is still standing today there will be horses laying down in the middle of the
tracks swooning by the time i get there thousand votes even on the pool nice work there Chris how
i have a job thanks we're turning Chris gay that's what that one guy said yeah everybody is gay
everybody connected with the show is gay i'm gay George is gay Chris is gay the audience is gay
management is gay and of course sports can you get any gayer than that
all right
i'm ready now i want some wind huh you ready to go head boy like gravy with oh
you're fair he's a football player dude a silent world of meat
the kind of guy that i want to do that's good to be able to eat
i want to hear him go on a date but there's no chance at all
so does that make me a sports queen if i want to see him grab the balls
absolutely amazing wow look at that kid you wait he's gonna go in like gravy with
i got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bubbles i can do what i want
i'm gonna never get done no the days of a business school okay that's not so great
but i'm gonna show you the little madly at least the police 28 a ride ready now i want some wind
you wait he's gonna go head boy like gravy with oh baby wow look at that kid you wait he's
going to play like gravy with
football won at 560 wdq i mad dog coming over to a clock uh brant badosky writes and of course
you know i hate to interrupt all these great intellectual calls but i do have a little bit of a
pile here you know i guess George had a little pile before too little a little covered from
whatever it was going on i'm feeling better although i'm not gonna be strained too far today
really i'm not gonna be running any more i've brought all this on i have no idea wow thinking
about what i ate last night nothing new really now what now wouldn't that have been a kick in the
teeth if that accident i had not that many days ago i guess about a week ago if that would have
happened like it would buy would have been although what a serviceman right you know something and i
wouldn't smell anything different than anybody else there so what difference is it made
brant badosky served as legislative assistant to us senator Lloyd Benson remember Lloyd Benson
he said uh i knew jack kennedy uh senator and you ain't no jack kennedy remember that to
n quail yes and he lost uh to a lawyer that's responsible for commerce and tells us matter
well i just i just like to give a little background so they have some idea who brant badosky is
he says cheney liby neocons bollies without balls he writes the child is the father of the man
the brilliant maneuvers and influence pedaling of certain elites to avoid military service
neviatinomore left two ugly legacies that do great damage to american troops today
first they learned young that wars are meant to be fought by certain classes which they are above
they grew up with the entitlement spirit of the elite the privileged classes send the obvious to
fight the wars George Herbert Walker Bush a star athlete in college George W. Bush was the cheerleader
and politics that translates into adulthood into a refusal to admit that they were wrong and
a refusal to take responsibility for their mistakes the war hero protects the band of brothers
the wind blames us abordinates look at cheney instead of taking responsibility like a man he
works desperately and feversly to put pin the blame on others the war hero takes responsibility of
command the wind blames those under his command look at liby allowing his aide kathy martin to be
blamed at a white house meeting for what scooter did what kind of vanguarius wimp allows his staff
to take the blame for his own mistakes this is a recruiting pattern in the sort of deferred liby
case on the raki war second not only do those who never serve failed to understand military
doctrine or have military judgment they believe generals and edmels are part of the lower class who
fight the wars not the upper classes who send them to fight they believe the troops exist to be
used for political gain but allow them to be without body armor other needs until this day the
athlete enters the arena and fights with the gladiators the cheerleaders talk tough from the safety of
the sidelines send others to fight the wars blame others for the mistakes use others for political
god save our troops from bullies without balls says brand you've all brant but out ski
2017 goes on a poll itself it's all gravy now man we're on a gravy train
which reminds me something i've been meaning to ask for a very very long time to speak into gravy
train yeah but i'll never find it or here it is so uh... was uh... davi gravy line five six seven
oh five sixty don't tell me we're done with the calls man they were on a really uh... hot roller for
wild and spying about hot rule i think that maybe granted suggested that maybe that uh...
gigantic cinnamon road you guys got yesterday what was that thing called oh the kingscape the kingscape
and i don't know marty grá that was great thank you trazey not all and now you allow that's
the same frecid that's in that the email yeah i'm allowed to eat that crap on lent or do you have to
like to get all the way yesterday i guess i don't like here there's no meeting it well what do you mean
like you care what do you want to do burn in hell or something you want to wind up in hideys hey i got
reservations i know that's not what you're reservations about it i'm looking forward to it gonna be a fun
crowd down there i'll tell you that speaking of uh... gay and air force officers alleged victims
lied about being raked in and drug to avoid being discovered as gay in the military a defense
attorney told the military jury yesterday in eggland air force base captain debris elter
former chief of patient administration at eggland regional hospital is gay and engaged in
consensual sex with the men he's accused of raping attorney martin regan said during opening
arguments and taylor's court martial taylor thirty eight is accused of raping four men attempting
to rape two other men he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison without parole if convicted of all
the charges against him the charges are two counts of attempted sodomy four counts of forceable
sodomy three counts of kidnapping one kind of law unlawful entry
mhm i wonder what they meant by that they'll come at
unlawful entry back home
this case is about homosexual activity that is not approved by the military services in our
country this time every one of these individuals but one is either in the military service
or wants to be in that service regan said under the military's don't ask don't tell policy
military members who are openly garrison to discharge so to speak
for the men were the military when they met taylor in a fifth fear that disclosing his
relationship with taylor would ruin his chances of pursuing an evie career said regan
who said taylor would testify about his relationships with the men you're fairy
captain evil on westbrook the military prosecutor evil on
whenever i saw that name before my life did you no describe taylor as a serial rapist
who met his victims in bars spiked their drinks with date parade drug gamma hydroxay uh bureau
a buta rate k h b or g h b and kidnapped him it was more impressive when you read the whole thing
in your butcher like i do that i heard gamma hydroxay beurate each victim will tell you that they
felt like they were drugged it before he the result of the retended was salt them she said
ass-all a pesecola paramedic later testified that he and taylor were friends and had consensual
sex on a previous occasion before the two met again in a bar in july of 2004 the man said he had one
beer and that taylor then bought him a shot which caused him to become extremely ill he said he
woke up and taylor's home and that taylor raped him repeatedly but that he couldn't fight taylor
because he felt drugged it it he couldn't fight him off you have heard that excuse the man said he
didn't report the encounter until two years later when he read a newspaper report about taylor's
arrest the festivities as Colonel Thomas Cumbi the military judge to limit testimony about g h b
saying that the suspects were similar than a booze and that none of the victims had traces of
the drug in their bodies period but cumbi ruled yesterday that testimony about the drug would be
allowed same the symptoms were common among all the victims he g h b them and then he uh... didn't alleged
thousand twenty four votes on the poll
not too bad for a poll of jord disapproves of and wait till tomorrow man i'm gonna get some real
crap from you about that what who's your favorite chinese emperor yeah which now the fun game show
should they bring back to tv i don't see anything wrong with that
all the other people are in the end of the century remembers any of those shows what
wrong with having a poll for us old parts like me and everybody over the age of 70 what's wrong with
that go to the other hundred w a n hello
hey no how you done okay sir hey i'll definitely listen i push the lotion to the basket
yeah uh-huh see even ones that start out
that sound like rational like like a human being that they might actually threaten to have something
to say they don't anyone know why cuz they ain't never gonna have
what about those dolphins man what about that new coach and how come we didn't get that uh-goi
from uh-mardi smittenheimer how come we didn't know like that
how about to get a one-do hockey talk how about them panthers and then that's a pretty good hockey talk
it's an outdoor vacuum i realize it sounds like a contradiction in terms but southward is an
outdoor vacuum is what it is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they
arise and sing it around us they align whatever it is see how i'm doing it today maybe i'll do it
every wood buying Wednesday and we used to do that uh-one to two hour thing with the bits
yeah maybe it'll be phone call Wednesday let them get all out of their system on the one day of
the week they're in the middle of the week would be good w q a n hello how's q a m yes sir
speaking speaking this q a m let me say it again speaking
a speaking ill right just leave w q a m hello
better you go what do we hear it again there's nobody on there now q a m hello see this this is
not working technically i mean see you know make it a connection but the hero doesn't come up
it's screwed up q a m in a mobile hello real yes sir how are you buddy okay pali
just wanted to tell you thank you for keeping the initialize uh in south Florida
i love here again i don't think probably recorded in your viewers have any clue when you say
something but how about the leaders they don't have a clue either forget the viewers okay the viewers
forgiving anyway one of the comments was racing they killed go straight track yeah it was a wonderful
track it is now it was never a wonderful track it was it was a bunch of old yinches they're leaning
over the leaning over the uh racing form with four seconds to go they loaded the last horse
into the gate they're gonna they're gonna ring the bell open the gate any second and close the
windows and some some old cockroach standing there hunched over the damn program in a racing
form what do you think you're about three people behind him online and going to get shut out
but at least you could sit outside and have lunch and look at the old car no you could not sit
outside because no matter where you said it could be 89 degrees in the shade no matter where you
said outside of costume you're freezing your ass off oh wow it's still you know it and i know
i mean see how stilzer is fine if you're remembering accurately but when you're like kind of
building the lilies you're doing costume was never a picnic man they'll maybe only the ants
well these days i'm looking forward to call the opening because it's a real track it doesn't have
you know there is a casinos in all the century city people oh yeah oh yeah color only is so glad
that they don't have the casino or get out of here man oh man oh man woo you know how often i go
I go at three sometimes four times a week to a blind okay ask me if I ever go upstairs and then
watch the races never go upstairs or watch no i do not no i don't so what is the fact that there's
a race you know that there is there are slot machines and another in a separate part of any of the
tracks what does that have to do with your enjoyment of the racing absolutely nothing okay you're
just a kvetser you're in a perfect place speaking of keeping you to show life a kvetsch a professional
kvetsch of course this is a guy who's still like you uh a Gulf Stream so what does that tell you
you know he's a y it remember i talked about those yanta in training you got a good start pal i hope
you have a wonderful time at Gulf Stream okay hope i hope that the machine falls over on your ass
you know how they have those big those really gigantic machines those old fashion ones you
have big wheels maybe one of those will follow around this guy says maybe not some sense in you
this is Randy West and if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy you should try
girls no they'll be coming down for Tevano Ponce in Patee say oh right they're worthy hey
you are sure like crusty USA what do you go or what is this right here this cry and ballet who
there's a bunch of queers again this year who say that i wish to oh god loves the ae
and less of course you're gay if you are you won't be margin upon thing patee say you can be a bum
a bucket of stone sure and that's okay but you can't be i wish if you're gay
now you're on high parenians those him and and says great have to limit this pronouncement upon
the blessed day sure a little bit of heaven fell and nestled in the sea huh much you're
gone straight to have a homosexuality oh come loves the ae as long as men have been except
perhaps the other cars we've never been sure of them you can be seen in drunken herel and
jumps will laugh it all away what you can't be i wish if you're gay oh you can't be i wish if you
gay don't even try be an i wish if you gay 12 18 at 5 60 w gram a special happy Wednesday to
moe howard david i did who may be pretending that he's uh... you know in touch with the what's
the name said rose and crannstein bird but he's less than us right now make no mistake about that
and probably squeezing his kneecaps and thickened dingle berries
thousand forty three votes on the pool the drawn out legal battle over and in the course mits remains
took an odd twist yesterday an odd twist that's what i was doing in the dorm there in a e-shah
hall of Michigan state i was doing the odd twist with a brown account of medical examiner were in
unless hearings conclude this week or a bombed body may not be suitable for viewing
all my
effect that's what uh... the judge said he said i'm thinking about what it's going to look like by the
weekend and fays all i can say when surprised me if he came up with something like that
rower circuit judge lary sideline interrupted testimony from spits attorney long time companion
howard case this firm to take dr joshua purpers call
that's doctor purper who's got like an extra head on one side of his uh... where his other head
if the body is to be viewed it must be done this week senator there before purper said
if it is next week they can't guarantee that there won't be changes to affect the disease
especially to her face stern wants to very smith be silvers on the baha mous
he's squaring off with smith's strange mother burji arthur who wants to take smith to
were uh... native texas to the mark day four in their legal battle
purpers call brought sudden expediency of the case
sideline motor through witness testimony cutting attorney short on cross examination declaring
i'm running out of clock
sideline father make a decision by the end of the week he's running out of clock
for it's a national news media pitch camp in front of the brow county court house in the court
room almost twenty attorneys representing the three party stern arthur and smith's ex-boyfriend
larry burkhead pack the courtroom they were packing it baby and would be the first time
smith's father donald eugen hogan sand the back row
the judge hurts during testifying about smith's for our final burial wish he watched the video
recording of an interview shortly before her death and which he disparage the relationship
with her mother following she'll never touch my child that bitch that psycho bitch she said
something like that since you're nuts and the judge heard from arthur who sent she had a healthy
relationship with her daughter until smith started using drugs about twelve years ago
but a bit of open up that's that's all i'm not wasting any more time with if i can't stay
that i can't take it can't handle it
in fact uh... i don't even see it on the scene maybe on the msnbc all breaking news
police captured to the house and hollywood florida individual because this was a
burglary this is what apparently started out as the so you know these stories of all
so that may change no more whether it was an armed burglary so obviously that is why they're
going from house to house to make sure that it is a picture right there
but i don't want to buy more i'll tell you she is uh... wild child and she just on a roll
maniac sorry with this this
yeah police for his release one robbery spec i suspect in hollywood florida
and look at that they opened up that there you know there's like a refrigerator
or something inside the cops point the gun at the you can smoke me
wow streets
soon have the streets themselves until they look like he was about ready to shoot that
brisket
lamb casket at his let me
take a shot at the brisket
i like a shot at the brisket but i sure sounds good and you know what was really great
remember when corkeys used to bring by the potato pancakes crocettes to nuket time it's
way past like now right they used to bring back the back the um... stuff and those brisket
sandwiches brisket sandwiches and potato pancakes those funky little potato
lot keys that they had a corkies i'm going to tell you once again south florida was finished
the day that corkeys on north mime beach on 163rd street the day that they shut the door
that was the end of south florida as we knew it that was it
is there any doubt about that
wiki we are hello
when it was a landmark that was just it was just always there since the beginning
recorded time qa hello
hey yo yo yo how are you okay sir
two quick things one is i'm certainly not following the animal call thing it's not
so proper i want to deal with it
last night on keith o'roman countdown did you see it last night i saw a little bit
show when they did a little montage on the judge no
okay that was hilarious was like the last five minutes of the show where they put
a montage of all his it was like a sick tom thing or something that was pretty
hilarious yeah he's a football this guy oh i know i did yeah
it's in perfectly with this this melodrama
the other thing on sunday i know how much you love the gaico commercials and on
sunday i saw a thing on cd sunday morning about the ad agency that developed
there actually out of rich men virginia there's some medium
there's some like small medium-sized ad agency not based in new york
they're the ones that came up with the caveman like gaico gaico and then the
celebrity thing that you love so much that was an interesting piece
considering they're just like a small time kind of non-New York based ad agency
well that was a nice view why it's so good yeah i wonder right yeah they're
inside the the president of the ad agency was a fascinating guy
and they also they've got the ups contract and then regrettably or whatever
doesn't matter they just got walmart just signed with them too so i thought that was
a fascinating story that their creativity and their their
inventiveness or something's being rewarded it makes sense to me thanks a lot
pali you got patio speaking of gaico at gaico.com you can get a rate quote in just
minutes even a self-aggrandizing new york real estate titan doing hold it right there
you are losers the middle is it guys are losing those cavemen
losers i'm thinking about suing it'll be fun taking money from your loser
lizard asses gaico.com even a so many
many many times in your real estate titan can do it i heard it at gaico.com you can get a
rate quote in just minutes it's so easy even a Scientologist can do it
uncool i am an incredibly overpaid actor and i demand an apology you feel no the history
of the insurance industry you're being clipped isn't that right Katie well i was thinking
yes Katie yes Katie gaico.com even scienceologist can do it you know i just came up with a
solution to this whole deal set there's one word you don't you don't need to go
through all the stuff with tom cruise jumping up a down on a couch and all
this other crap anacool and a body and her kid there's one word that sums up pop
culture in america in the last uh... many years that's it it's all about your crap
what you put your two words remember what i would say enjoy life have a good time
enjoy your life and pay no attention to the rest just a bunch of bs
is what it is and look at that we got a thousand fifty seven votes on a very
marginal poll that george is ready to like a walk out on it he's so pissed off
about it he's almost just pissed off of the then gaico gaico gaico caveman
i got your breath beautiful
the death of anacol smith it's less than that they and very complicated legal
battle you know what honestly i don't know where to start this
eternity issue is getting crazy we now have someone else stepping up saying
i could be the father michael jackson so now you're claiming that you're the
father of anacol's baby you two had a relationship
totally for sex right so how many times you guys do it
uh... yeah right i would cry right so what did you guys do
no everything you can imagine michael you cannot convince me that you two
get a grand slam home run we have the footage we have other things what
you two videos okay from
okay i can't watch this
i own firm sales all over the world the floor
the ceiling is so bad i'm gonna be sick
a ten sixty six hundred poll not to be able to make eleven hundred
easy they will slide out of that will and i got my shirt and pantaloomies on
all right i'm here ready for an early departure today
maybe you can do like one fifteen to two o'clock what you say that's all right
if you have a better home or that's some spots we got some life spots in the
next hour i think they did that intentionally to keep me around
although maybe we could play the tape between like one thirty and two what do you
say the tape of the last hour i was out of it it can get a bit
many better than the last time i've been a little bit of a lot to be
tell me stressed out commuters got a peaceful surprise as they boarded in his
really bus yesterday a yoga instructor with a microphone coaching them how to
breathe correctly and of course if they're on the wrong
road they probably won't have a lot of practice doing it but
nevertheless the passengers stretch their hands toward the ceiling
and bent their heads forward as mary howrovy a twenty one year veteran
yoga teacher guided them through a set exercise that can be formed while
sitting down alano all kinds of exercises you can do while sitting down but
nevertheless i think that because of our history of tear on buses erovy said
refer to the past suicide attacks that have targeted crowded buses
it's very important to do yoga to relax and show that everyone uh... everyone
life is stronger than fear the only thing we have to fear are the goyam
herovy said the idea of a uh... yoga bus came to her in the middle of the
night while she was sleeping she talked to the telly bus company they
jumped on the idea they jumped her most of the passengers on the bus
participated many said they felt relaxed and more ready for work the yoga buses
run every Tuesday for three weeks but herovy hopes that the program will
continue to expand she and her husband gila harovy have worked for years to
promote yoga in his reals television in public schools we want people to try yoga
and feel how good it is how will be said
what do you like better yoga or yogurt
uh... yogurt all the yoga ain't bad
what do you mean by that exercise you can do all your land down
now you have to have your magic carpet to that or what today is ass wins day by
the way we have had no intelligent calls about ass wins day lint
uh... promise on day all of these things have we all of those things very sad
you see we got too many heathens out there in the audience we don't have enough
of people of god in this crowd that's the problem or do you heathen bastards
that's why that's in last place on that poll why do you listen to an atheist
only three people would say that if my name came up if my name popped up
the conversation five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he
verized in singular wireless line pretty slim and grim here on his phone
and you think we'd really be smoking after the great calls we've had today
when you oh you think some building some more momentum wqa m hello
hey nil how you doing okay sir yes uh... this
court case with the shandrick all sorts can be like another o t sent in michael
jaxian trials get better yeah uh...
uh... the listen but you know i
it sounds like you're tapping out more scot yeah i'm tapping tapping a message to
garcia okay
anti garcia or maybe a micro see used to be for the indians
nineteen fifty four indians one hundred eleven games in nineteen fifty four
you know that for the indians and they got swept by the new york giants and
dusty roads in the nineteen fifty four world serious can't be possible
in the rest of
not the same dusty roads okay if i could just the roads was a less-handed pinch
hitter
and in the poll grounds they had a real short right field uh... uh... uh... uh... thing
porch and as a result he was he was hitting all these like pop fly home runs in
a right field for the giants as they beat the indians i believe in four straight
i think they swept that year after the ins of one hundred eleven games in the
regular season
ciana my sports mister all these people are there what he's on the
bag of how does he know about sports on a sports station
you still in those sports that was again
yeah that's right that's exactly correct wqa hello
but these people know about sports it's the same old crap man the dolphins
this the dolphins at heart away this and shak shak shak he means shak
about the to bed we go whatever the hell that thing is
you people wasting your time with this religious craft you could be out there
getting laid to something useful okay building a bridge
feeding a starving pigeon something anything useful as opposed to the crap
you wasting your time with
but no they can be sending us all that money instead of slumping in the church
so they pay the lawsuits rollo's p-file priests
bastards wqa hello
what this is not good today wqa and hola
hello me yes sir
hey how you doing hey
your show and you and George and a couple of art history classes I take it
up for you and marijuana has led me to a
few minutes of
put all together and it would work for me yeah
hey I love you you sound by I think they're great and I like that one that is like
James Brown but that information society did it the one that
how to go again you know one more time
oh man see what we've done to him it's all our fall too
Larry waiting for you how might just
play this again I don't want to play that yesterday you played it and I am so
grateful short fat fanny I live the city nothing like having a short fat fanny baby
back home back home well it's shorting
lighting is plotting what I've talked of the man
legendary demons but one of our all-time favorites
what is mine
now I'm gonna ask it when I when I play the old music like this you never
won't subject it you never had any problem with it that is correct you never
you never said to me all only people over the age of a hundred
that is correct well why is that because it's timeless and it's good as opposed to
that bubble gum gay boy music that you were into for a while now I'm not talking about the music
I'm talking about these polls about all these stuff you know because music is timeless and they
need to know about this the youngsters need to know about that good old the youngsters the music
but with the point of talking about restaurants it doesn't exist anymore they can't experience
well that's open welcome cook up one hand I've got a girl named phony maro
alright
Oh
The apple tree I thought it was the pair on the ground that got the Lord all upset isn't that what it was in the Garden of Eaton
Yes, the god got really p. Old
He has a tendency to do that his wrath keeps waxing a hot that he's a waxy yeah waxy hot
Now what was the rumor that the Josh was starting Josh Quartist remember a couple months ago about how waxy was gonna
Well shut down and what was the state? I don't know the March one correct and I know that's not gonna happen
Why oh, I don't know if you think it's still gonna happen
I don't know if it's going to happen, but it still could it still could happen
They could shut that thing down Dennis Collins could say hey all you floney balones with your one sharing your fractions
You're a point nine whatever you got you guys are out wouldn't be the first time something related to sports went off
You're overnight or the fifth time too much sports talk baby too much sports talk killed the broth
Isn't that how that thing goes to those Baltimore Coles
Yeah, they disappeared overnight they packed up I and look at those Cleveland Browns original ones right W.A.M. Hello
I went by a carway car wash for the day. He let me touch him in a steady plate
Yeah, oh yeah probably more than once W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
No
Yeah, I don't know what is with the Nell so okay
What is that is that supposed to be like from familiar?
No, it's like no like I've been funny. You know
Yeah, what can we do? I'm curious sir. What do you got?
I don't appreciate the hostility my yeah, we got hostility that's the same guy before with his
Negatory or whatever that crap was it doesn't appreciate that still now now I had one mother guess what pal she's dead
184 votes on a pool. I think we had a shot at 1200 day of Chris what a really you know applied himself a little bit
We can do it. I like this pool suggestion by the way
I think we'll use this one for Friday. This is a really good one that somebody sent in isn't it the last one you fags me I
Wish I had never blank. Yes, I have my choice already
Now let me see oh got married no
Oh, I like this chosen to be gay
That's great. I wish I had never chosen to be gay
Starting to bring religious how read the list is a good pull I
Wish I'd never move this off for
Yeah, oh, amen, that's how it all started that was the beginning of the beginning of your end
Started doing drugs started gambling wish I never had children gain so much weight and gotten fat
Gotten-merry gotten divorced gone to college or grad school never joined the military come to America my banana belt rubber tube rubber
Excuse me. She chosen to be gay or started wearing religious head gear
There's one missing well, okay, well, I ended on there. What is it well?
We have I wish I hadn't chosen to move here. What about I wish I hadn't been born in South Florida
I wish I'd never been born in South Florida
Because some of us didn't have a choice to be here
Okay, and so I'm I'm adding it on right now just just for you
You're not to knock in South Florida now are you where you make this tremendous living that you make you know people
I'm always amused by that or South Florida's been so good for you and the over 30 years you've been on here and the people are supporting you
Tremendous and you're making all this money. Oh, what's that cut to do with this? Is that make it a great place? Oh, absolutely not
I'm grateful for that I kissy kissy like that every now and then but from a safe distance. Oh, good
I
Stand
oh
I got tied behind the system, they're not there
Now you've got to hide your heart away
Yeah, you've got to hide your heart away
Now we'll slot an ugly battle to that straight game
We'll buy men to call up our men
Give us four holes, say, got mine, yeah, yeah
No girls here, just four hole wheels
Having fun with the boys
In the locker room I hear, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
You've got to hide your heart away
Yeah, you've got to hide your heart away
Yeah, I think the motto is if you die, I'll cry
Keep it out of sight, probably a good idea
1101 on the pole, 1101
Oh, we're going to make 1200 crazy, you'll see
Even on a crappy pole like this that we didn't
I don't think Eric put it up till about seven o'clock last night
Got kind of a late start
And we had a premature evaluation of them
Thinking we had like 500 and something when I sat down in this morning
I'm thinking, oh, we're never going to make it even to 1000
We're going to make it to 1200
And then they will fear us, okay, like Connie would say
Then they will fear you
567, but the phones have really been spastic
And more ways than one of you know what's that today?
Oh, yeah
More ways than one I mean
Like now, they just go absolutely blank
And then as soon as they catch wind or catch, you know
Yeah, maybe that bitch is still there from woodbind
Oh, I'm telling you
I was not a well person, I just like, oh, I wanted to cry
My ears are, my ears are popping and my eyes are tearing up
Not good
In fact, I think I think the ear here was staring to like fall out
Ah, I sure will play if I see her again, man
I'm playing another machine far away
Oh, that
567, 05, 60
Palm 560 in the Verizon signal wireless line
You know the interesting part of it is
All the human cry about slot machines
And about remember all the history
All those years in Casino, Stan
And everything and all the screaming
All the elections about Casino, Gamley
And now we finally have real honest to God
And I'm not talking about the make-proly ones that the engines have got
I'm talking about real honest to God slot machines at, you know, various places
And you hear almost nothing about it
Except a couple of schmucks that call, oh, I didn't do too good, knew it well
You know, big deal
Go cry on somebody else's shoulder
But like nothing
Now does that mean that only the old cockroaches everyone there
Like the one guy that was giving me a song and dance about how great
Gulsdrew used to be
That guy was such a schmuck
Such a shmuck
But thank you for being here
I beg your pardon, thank you for keeping you to Shalai
Right, yeah
That's why I'm using all those terms because if he looks in the mirror
He'll see a schmuck a schmuggeggy and a schmundrick
And a shlamazzle all rolled up into one
Did you already say honey uncle
And a high mionkle also
And hopefully it's a great time at Gulsdrew
Somebody QAM, hello
It was Anna Nicole and Brittany in the basket
Well Brittany by the way has just been
She just got out of the rehab joint
She sure wasn't in there very long, was she
No, it was a big bullet and she's out, she's out of rehab
No, but she was back to another one
I beg your pardon?
She went to another rehab clinic or something
Pardon, she's trying to keep track, she moves fast
Yeah, she moves it around
Okay, and the problem with it now is that nobody really cares
That's why she's doing all these things
Because nobody cares
Taint what it used to be
WQAM, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes sir
How you doing?
This is an ex
This is an ex resident of South Florida
Congratulations sir
And I moved back to Syracuse
To tell me to bring a shovel with me about eight years ago
So I did
And it's one thing to be smart enough to get out of South Florida
It's another thing to be dumb enough to move to Syracuse
I mean, what are you fucking about?
Well, I wanted to be right next to the town
You know, you grew up there
So yeah, right
Anyways, I'm down here on vacation
And I always turn the ad when I'm down here
And the radio too, but anyways
Years ago when I was down here
You had a show and you were talking about the names
That you know, all these people names
All these kids funny names
And every time you get it
And you started it off with that football player
And I can't think of his name right now
And you went through all these names
But there was one that I think you forgot
Okay
It was Frank
Frank Zappas
Kid and I was waiting
Yeah
Talk him on on it
And I was waiting and waiting and waiting
We're here to say moon you know that
And you didn't on the show and that bus
I'll be damned
Well, we made up for it years later
Look at that
I know
Go ahead
You know, good to hear from you
Or you know, here you
I'll cut you again
Alright sir
Take it
Thanks, Pally
I'll see you in Oniata
Yeah, you got it
Okay
Goodbye
Anybody that voluntarily lives in upstate New York
Has got to be
Of course, he's in the, you know
He's smart, he's in South Florida now
He got to allow
Do you know that they had two feet of snow
And I was thinking, oh, okay, that's enough
This boy and now
My car is fast
My teeth is shiny
I tell all the girls they can kiss my high name
And kiss
See what's wrong with this
Nothing
Nothing
I just can't believe that we found this
Sure, fact-fanny man
It was one of my favorite songs
When I was a kid
I had them all, you know
I had all the 45s
Yeah
I had those little curing cases, you know
And you'd have
Like little numbers that you'd put on each song
You know, you had like an index
I had two 45s
Well, they were kind of fading out
You know, as I started collecting and buying records
Was one of them not fading away by Buddy Holly
I sure don't know
Monster Mash and
Bungle in the jungle by Jethro Telf
Oh my god, you can't say that
Bungle in the jungle
What is wrong with you
Oh my god, are you mind or what
You're going to get joist
Bungle by ass
No thanks
But anyway, I had the two of the little curing cases
You see that, well that's that's so
And the 50s
Mid-late 50s
That every kid had that
Uh-huh
I had like a little index
And you'd write the names of the song
And they all had like little stickers
With numbers one true, you know
However many with the case would carry
Uh, 30, 40, 50
I would say
BOT 3rd man
Pityful curing
Bungle in the jungle
Oh yeah
End of Monster Mash
And this one George just
Tastes the music started going really downhill fade
Yeah that's right
That must have been it
Another one that Elvis ripped off by the way
Not that we want to pick on Elvis who's been dead
But why not now, let's do it
Oh no, I'm not allowed allowed allowed
And this part
Very slowly good to me
Now let me ask you one question
I don't want to sound like an old fart
Like an old, funny, bloody, staggy old fart
Even the lines
Too late
Well I'm thinking of starting making some of the music you get
I keep winning too
Is that could ever happen?
I'll make you a CD of modern music
That you're not hearing on the radio
That's
I don't listen to the radio
I know
So you never hear it anyway
That quote unquote good
It's actually good
So just pretend a good looking guy is singing it
And you'll like it
Oh okay
That would work for me
Pretty boy picture on the front
Oh pretty boy
I see
I'm gonna have to find the music channels on here
Although the only problem
Now we encountered this once before
Is that some of these music channels
If you have some of that subrosal language
You know if you know what I'm from
I do know
Uh oh
Number 11 is
Walk right through
All the stings
All the bottles
And whatever they through
We have one of major vectors
Oh it's a PSA on much music
Much more music
Never doubt that this long group can maintain it
Making us use debut all the way up
In the 15th position
Nika and his track
Grace Kelly
Jim Pettie's tune
Pulling through is losing ground
This week dropping two
Their pool number 14
Also taking a trip in the wrong direction
Headly down four slots
The lucky number 13 with Gunn
The philosopher's teams are creeping up
Beautiful creature rises to number 12
And making a big jump this week
Four positions to number 11
It's Nickelback that it's everyone's hair
Stick around the top 10 trash and the ticier
Coming up next
Oh man I'm staying on this thing man
How would that end the cult garbage
Okay, and that stupid publicity
Seeking the jerk judge
You know
Who needs that crap
Oh we got the top 10
And the much more music count down
You don't sound too excited about it
Cause you never get excited about anything
Oh I like that idea
How about Vizzy Ms. Luzzy
I don't think I know that
Oh right
A picture picket in the middle
Forever was picking
You taking it to the best living
And good jolly Ms. Molly
And Vizzy Ms. Luzzy
Was all good stuff though
Was all good
Love 113 votes on the pool
We're shooting for 1200 by two o'clock today
I got my shirt on my shoes
And then during the break I think
And I don't have my shoes
I got my pantaloonies on
Second
I'm so old I can't even tell the difference
Between my shoes and my pantaloonies
Wait till I start sticking my pants on my feet
That won't be good
And these are those quarter-rules, they're just
Oh window in the skies by you too
And wonder what are we going to physically
They're going to send you
They're going to send you is not stuff that you'll see on there
Oh not
But anyway that wasn't too bad
For you too I think it was sensational
Cause I'll eat you too
Oh god I can't stand you too
And that Bono if I ever have to see
Is it going to be posted again
I mean I just mean just
My whole head may spin off
But nevertheless
You're going to send me music
Yeah let me get some good stuff together though
I'm going to choose very carefully
Hahaha
Oh okay
I'm holding my breath on this
What are you playing now
You too
Oh don't do it
Please
I need with the Swedish tape at number 8 on the countdown
You know the word catterwalling
Yes
Woo
Yeah
I was the first to ball in the show
Oh man I was that some heavy duty crap or what huh
Underline of course the operative word
Yep that's the one
Wow
And just a word for your rhythm
And it's got everything I've been making the poem
If I can get
And we breathe
And I
Like I said I'm going back to Amos and BC
And going back to the real Amos I can't take no more of that
It's just it's just not my thing
You know I'm saying
Maybe it hasn't an old funny dirty
Or maybe because it sucks
Maybe that's part of the reason
It sucks
Oh
I mean I'm gay
I mean game for a good new hub
Any uh you know any uh any genre
Whatever the hell it is
But uh that ain't it
That definitely ain't it
1120 uh let me refresh
Okay I don't want to give you an old outdated number
That would be bad
Let's get it right up to date
1129 on a pull me is
We need 71 in 58 minutes for 1200 votes
And on a really bad pull
I apologize for I don't know what's wrong with this pull
I mean it's not it's not one of the best
But it certainly is not one I would be
You know I'm pitching and belly aching
And carrying on and screaming
You know what I care about
And running up and down a hallway
And the dropping
What what do you care about
That I didn't have to come up with it
Right me me too
Look we've gotten 75,000
I've got a pile here man
Halfway to the ceiling
Thank the Lord
Thank uh
Damn God
And I'm real happy about that
Because the only difficult part about doing the show
Is coming up with a different pull every day
And then he won
I repeated the body wash one
Which we hadn't done in a very long time
Josh Cordis on Friday
Ripped me a major ass
Didn't he Chris he was ripping me all day
Yeah well he was kind of sad that he had to come back
Cause he's in rehab right now to lose his gainess
Oh I see I forgot about that
32 a.m. Hello
5670560
Palm 560 be a part of our passing parade today man
The cause of insensational all you out of towner is visiting south Florida
What you hear is what you get
Make no mistake about it
So when you see these crazy people out there driving on a highway
These are them
These be them
WDQ way in hello
Hey male
Yes sir
What um
With all that animal calling the stuff with the body
Would you ever do a tiny body
I take custody
Putting the put a little basket
Freedom up some
You're sure you're sure obsessed with tiny aren't you man
I think I can't I think you're in relate and so can I
Tiny tiny is the operative or get lost
I don't this thing just this doesn't it doesn't uh do it
Oh no no I can't either
Anyone know why because the lights went up the internet's dead
Oh no just came back
The internet is farting today I sure hope joys doesn't get wind of that
The internet is farting one second
Say one second it's not
We apologize profusely to the audience but there's nothing we can do because it's WQAM
And because one thing let me say this to you and you know it's true
One thing that jolly joe don't know from and that's technical
I mean he couldn't care less whether line one ever works again
Whether we can make this thing uh this box thing ever worked
Way used to uh you know it used to be uh fantastic right
Used to be like I was sitting right there
Not no no and he just doesn't care about these things you know
Don't bother him with that we got to get that building up
Get the building up get the revenue up get the bottom line up
That's what they're getting it up that's all they care about
WQAM hello
Hello now yes sir
Hey, how you doing great
Listen uh here you're talking about singles and uh you grew up
About putting singles in a in a little box back in the old days right 45
45 and uh I just read uh that all record companies will see
Making uh singles by the end of the year
In a format
Well let me ask you this why would anybody what wouldn't mean making singles you mean the on CDs
CD singles vinyl singles well what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that
That's uh consolidation
Oh that sucks
Yeah, you can't you can't even go to a record store anymore down here in South Florida
They're all gone yeah, I'm sure that
You can go to like a big best buy or you know one of those uh gigantic box stores
Yeah box do we get a box okay thanks for the bad news paling it's just another example of the degradation of the quality of human life
That's bad
In fact when you go into like the big record stores here like uh HMV and Sam's you can a you're almost can't even find the a CD singles
Who now wants that you know
not me
5 6 7 I'm gonna get my a track player back out all right
I might still have some tapes around
Do you I had a player this time I'm in it for love
And baby come back on a track that guy still on that awful soap opera by the way that the ridge whatever the name is yeah
And he's going great you'll be happy to know he's got a great he's going gay. I don't think it's a long way to go for that
Ridge
Baby come back you ask for it you got it. I read it this time I'm in it for love
I mean this was a much bigger hit but this time I'm in it for a lot was a much better song you got it
Well, that's it. That's it. Wow. All right. Oh right. This is actually a good song that I had on the 8th track
There's Britney where there were a head chao. You can step on it
I did this step by the way. I know
I just have to play this as a DJ
Start slow and it goes downhill from there no actually I think so. It's good. It's all right
I mean it's cool. I'm 37 on the pole. We need 70 three votes in 52 minutes even a child
For the chance not behind his back like Joan Crawford's kids
She's got a kid's hands up and I when he was in bed. So God forbid where they might wander you know
So here it is TMZ says spirit checks out what we have again. I'm giving you the you guys are messing with my story
Well, that's a good game. Okay, because this is the second time she's never let it get to the good part of the song. Sorry. Hey
Look at this god almighty
I
Thanks a while
Now right here
Okay, that's enough. That was a good song. I like that. Mm-hmm. Even you like it and George likes it. Wow
Dominic you I am hello
Pretty good. I am about this whole Kim Hardaway thing. I mean, I don't know if it's still in the news, but I pretty damn
The best of the god
What is it? I think Kim Hardaway is a messenger from God. No question about you. Oh, yeah
Yeah
Click there he goes that that was his very funny material there. Okay now
He could have expanded on it and come up with something really clever and good
But he couldn't do it because that's what all he had well, maybe the next call
It was and it just it wounded me so bad the guy co-op out. You're gonna be like no thanks. I'm so rich
I think I'll keep my eyes on this is even all with up to friends about that's that's how profound it was here
It wasn't just great material. It was profound. Oh, yeah
I'm a ground WQ a.m. Hello
Q.A.M.
That's crossing the line when it's across in the line when it's jackass keep calling 4,000 times a day
Crossing line with a bad phony voices by the way lately really bad. Okay, the bad red Nucky voices
WQ a.m. Hello
And him too and they must be sitting on each other's lap. It must be laughing it
WQ a.m. Hello. Oh, yeah, I want to extend a lifetime's VNK membership to Kim Hardaway Club
Quick
Okay
Now twist this
See the Tim Hardaway thing is older than the Thuseless grandma. Okay, nobody's talking about that anymore
We he is what he is if you don't want to if you want to boycott his chicken and his car wash and all of his other crap
Go right ahead and if you know we'd be care like me move on other things in life
I don't care what he says. I don't care what he thinks. I don't care who he hates
I don't give a fine crap about anything that has to do with dumb illiterate jocks and excuse me for the repetition
God
Oh, you don't understand you know sports is where it's at on Q a.m. Sports talk is what we're all about
Yeah, you know something if they wouldn't have put the show on the year nine years plus ago
They'd be playing Hungarian mosaic is now. That's what they would be doing they could take their sports talk and be playing a fiddle
And what is the difference between a fiddle and a violin other than red next play a fiddle you got it right there
You just took a little was like a small violin. I mean is there no no come on
And there's also are you fit a little with me the people who fiddle say that you hold it differently
Like you hold the fiddle down on your arm. You hold it different. I bet you them Yahoo's man
They hold a different and how about the fiddle that you violin you hold it up under your chin
Remember in fame we asked him how you hold the bow
He said with respect and he said you mean like my yeah like you're
Like you're hiding like you're hiding like you're hiding can
1146 on the pull we're aging ever closer man of that 1200 market if we get 1200 with a crappy pull like this on a
On ass Wednesday. Oh the Lord is gonna look down with favor on me. I'm gonna find a good machine today
I'm gonna find me a good machine and Elrana hubbub is getting some special prayers for me today too by them
Can't hurt you know you try them all you try booty you try Moses you try Jesus you try Abraham you try Abraham Solomon
You try yet suck shorts
Hello and welcome to a corner strap the death of aninocle smith
It's left some messy and very complicated legal battles
You know what honestly? I don't know where to start this fraternity issue is getting crazy
We now have someone else stepping up saying I could be the father when I first met her we actually did it
More than a hundred thousand positions. She hugged me and said mr. President. I believe that we should
She wanted to bend over backwards quietly, but with gathering force
I'm proud of it and there is no credible charge that I violated any law. Thank you very much
No problem bubba 117 and 560 W. Let's bring him back. What do you say?
Good golly miss molly. How did we get into this swill that we got now?
1158 and a point you know what Chris we're gonna do it. We got 42 minutes for 42 votes
That's one a minute if we can't do a vote a minute what that'll be even be doing on the year, huh
Yeah, how's the crow doing anybody know how the crow is flying? He's long gone. What's he? Him no mo crow?
I've seen him no mo he got into a little a countertops there with our accounting people. Yes
He was wrong. You know he needed to get that check man so we could buy that cashmere bouquet
I have never in my you know
I'm always talking about people that smell really bad
Because my motto is if you can't look good at least smell good. It doesn't require that much effort
You know like go on and let's walk it up and pump it. Yeah, I know
It's called
Pump the cologne. That's right the spray cologne
11 1164 oh they're coming in and chumps now they want to make Dan sure we get to 1200 so I'll come back and do this again tomorrow
What they don't realize is that tomorrow is Thursday. It's not Wednesday and it's not would buy in Thursday
I mean this is a different kind of a day. I'm in a different kind of you know and people are thinking well
G sound like nails putting his clothes on like a noon and get ready to bail out like let me tell you I'm Wednesday at 10.05
I'm getting ready to leave
About a quarter to 10 Georgian. I always say oh is it 155 yet on Wednesday, right? We then of course Monday Tuesday Thursday and Friday
Like half a lonely. Yeah Monday Saturday
Yeah
1164 on a pole what's the reaction you get when you tell other people to listen to Neil?
Who's Neil Rogers?
290 that to me that's the worst shot, you know
So I think if they hate you I can deal with that who cares
But if they don't know you if they just ignore you and Chris is all everybody loves you Neil
You're what you said before when George was on the arcane. Yeah, well you're legendary, so
I don't tell anyone I listen to Neil 143 and probably a real good policy
Only told to our friends at arbitrage please
All right, so do I 130 130 people say oh so do I all right
I can't stand that bastard 98 meaning me that best start girl that piece of crap that subhuman swill douche
He's still on I thought he retired or died 70 uh some 76
You like Neil too. I love him. He's the center of my universe. I want to meet him stock him do him be him uh 68
80 the greatest 58 that's cool 48. I hate this pull 46 only 3.9 percent all of George would like to increase that
Yeah, I don't think it's that bad
You tell me listen to Neil. They go why 46 say why why do you listen laughter?
46 also
You FM County Pinto 41 when's he on what station 35?
Why do you listen to a fact 21
Uh, if you get away from me 14 if you and all the other
Expo this and why do you listen to an atheist Solanethe Sinkos old time for chinkway only five
And that's because we've taste all the religious geth fees waiting. You know what I'm glad. I'm I'm delighted because I can't I can't view with those people
I cannot stand like a couple days ago. Remember that Bible temperate I called him with that crap. Oh
It's it just it makes me nauseous why haven't you got I realized that most of you were raised in families where they a coast from one generation
Of another and they pass along the brainwashing of the the fathers and the mothers and the uh grandparent and whoever else
But why don't you have enough brains of your own to say this is a bunch of crap
This is a waste of time. This doesn't make any sense
Why can't they do that? It's very difficult
Was easy for me
Well, it wasn't easy for me, but I did it anyway. Well good for you. That's right. You were you were involved in all those like
deeply steeped Bible thumping born again. Wow. Yeah, you were in those born again camps where they're all like school and their brains out. You know it
WQAM. Hello
Neil yes, sir
I'm gonna give up for length. I hate to do this, but I'll be the first I'm gonna give up my bid to be anaclose baby father
I
WQAM. Hello, Neil. How are you sir? Okay, sir. Hey, I'm one of the guys that
Put on your holder. I'm one of the nice one. I think you're always great
I have a question for you though sir when you put when you play a woodbind you get cash back and you get those tickets
When I do what when you play the slot the woodbind you get cash back or is it just
The receipt ticket that you got to go. Oh, they they got rid of the coins a long time ago. Thank God
Well, the coins your hands get black. Who would have wants to posky with those coins. No, he's just gonna tick it
Okay, most of the places are like that now correct. Yeah, that is correct
All right, the only ones I
Coins caught up went out with soap
No, not big is they got coins
Are you sure? Yes, I was just a couple weeks ago and they're still using coins
Yeah, you still are coins or dollars or dollars or five or five? Yep
That's bad. It is bad. Good reason to stick with the woodbind mom
Exactly, buddy. You have a great day
Thanks a lot, Pally. How if I win more than two million today
You know somebody won five million on the damn mega bucks last week and I wasn't even looking
I don't think it was a woodbind
Because all the all the racinos through Ontario are connected
And I should also tell you that the um lotto jack pot tonight is 14 million and they write to a check for 14 million
Of course, it's only 14 million Canadian
Which you know times eighty eighty six cents. What's that 86?
And not too bad. It's not too shabby, right?
Not too shabby. They're about nine million ten minutes something like that US
So if I win the 14 million tonight then tomorrow Georgia beyond and Friday and for a while
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've rising singular wireless line
WQ a m hello
Dear god. Yes, sir. How are you today excellent? I am a hetero male that uses body wash
Thanks to you all right really thanks to me, huh?
For your e-well, well no it was it was what is the year ago or so you got all that thing and I was like
What's this guy talking about now try it and I never turn back sure?
Why would anybody after using see? I think I think you made a good point that is that
The guys out there who are reluctant to try it
They're still doing the show but if they try it once
They realize it's not some kind of a pansy thing or it's not some kind of a it's not they're not gonna smell like a lilacs or roses
Then they would stick with it
You were talking about taking a bath the other day
I can't remember the last time I actually got into a bath felt that's the most gross discussing thing
I can think of the only the last times that I got into a bath tub when it's been years is when like if you have bad hemorrhoids
You know and you're gonna soak your roids in like a like what my mother used to call a zits bath
You know when you only fill up the bathtub with real hot water like a very you know small to cover your
rectum ass so to speak you know
Well fortunately I've never had to do that
Hey listen you were also a while ago
Talking about a leafa as opposed to a lufa what is a leafa?
It's just a it's just a brand name
Oh it's a brand name okay
Let's just say it there candid to center goal leafa go
goal leafa go
Have a great day pali
Thank you sir
See
He's pondering my last part
Yeah I will remember his head
No he got it he got it what what is wrong he was a good guy
He's one of our very few real colors we had all day and you're not gonna guy man
You are a hard ass. I think you're learning from George. Yep. He was good
1176 and I talked him in the using body wash see that see how easy that was you made him gay
Yeah, I'm a turned him gay all I had to do was just mention and all of a sudden he was just like gay poof
You know like that poofter
1170
Remember that sound poof the magic dragon always dragon it
Only 20 team more votes to 1200 this is gonna be easy
I thought it was gonna be a real real knockdown you know some of those that go right down to the very end and we I think only one time
Since we've been doing this all these stuff. Yeah, and we ever missed
Are they now are they all I think one of them is dead
Paul Stookie
Peter Yerrow and Mary Travers one of them is dead
And which one is it I don't know
So I'm married Travers though is it?
I still want
I lost track a lot of people on the like those were the days man early 60s folk music brothers for Peter Paul and Mary
Oh god music class in school. It was always Peter Hall and Mary's
And they would eat just the strumming it. He's a key. How about don't think twice. It's all right if you got that
Well, I wouldn't I'd get the emotional if you had that
Written by Bob Dylan like most of the stuff by if I had a hammer all the crap
But don't think twice. It's all right. Well, that was really I don't have that. Oh
Geez Jesus Pete
I've bloated the wind
You can't you can't say that you can say in the wind
And I can barely hear it
But I could still talk about
See Dylan wrote great stuff it just had a shot and told him hey Bobby you can't rock on more music
You can't sing Bobby okay
You know
You're annoying ridiculous and people are laughing at you, you know
But he didn't care and he made a lot of money. I do it in more power to him with the schnauz like that
He was brilliant though. He could really write some crap god
This is I with this dude the autopsy is set for tomorrow to determine what killed and in the cold Smith
Like her life her career also had its ups and downs
I'm doing a part of me
1994 she married an 89 year old oil tycoon died a year later
In 2002 she started her own reality TV series
This is kind of scary for sure but by the late 90s her figure had changed
She lost weight again and more recently became the spokeswoman for the Diet Product Trim Spa
Chris Soma Billy Wright
It's no secret Smith loved the limelight and she passed him it off
He'll pass through up my dinner Smith's world changed dramatically with the birth of her daughter Danny Lynn last fall
If you have the pp n l the night here's my toilet Smith will remain in the media over the controversy surrounding her daughter's paternity
And in a poor way Stanley dies and two girls and a dog the result of her autopsy should provide some answers
Put your bitch in and eat your pizza
So mommy was on it. They just showed her on a witness stand, you know mommy. Yeah fat whore
Oh brother another trailer trash big crazy crazy bitch for an animal cool anybody care about this
Not if you're in your right mind, you know, but they're sure they're drowning us in a sea of this swill
That's that's what they're famous for. That's what the media does best
They take relatively unimportant things and they just just bury you in it
You just you just drowning in it. You smell it you you taste it. It's all over you
It's in your mouth. It's under your armpits. It's in your every up for your body
1182 on the pool what we got 27 minutes and we need 18 votes for you even a
Shmendrick could do that and thank God that I'm keeping the English your language alive in South Florida. Thank God
What's that guy was five six seven oh five sixty we had a few calls on here today. We had a few were real people
What would you what would you say four or five?
Okay
You're being generous w-o-a-m. Hello
That wasn't one of them Q-a-m. Hello
Yes, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Neil. I'm
Gone. Yeah, gone fast w-o-a-m. Hello
I know that oh that Chris man he's still there for a fat guy. What do you mean he's still there? He's still there
See what he's see what's to say hello
Yeah, how you doing? Oh, I thought I thought you vanished. I thought they did the vanishing cream actually
I know you picked up a lot of trends you started people on certain ice cream labels
But lately I've been on this thing to soup is they not me soup called pho. Oh, it's on Neil
You would love this stuff matter fact Campbell soup is uh it's looking to
Campbell soup sucks man. Can I love what people in the middle of the country that voted for Bush, you know
He can't go soup but they got dandy lines they guys out the stuff in it he produce man's out
Oh, that's that smart. Can you tell me he's still on air? Shmuck the pneumonia
Take your dandy lines and shove in your dandy at dumb ass WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Neil yes, sir you were talking yesterday about
You know cable and analog television. Yes. Have you ever heard of it's a Canadian technology
FTA free-to-air satellite receivers. No, I have not
Yeah, some people might be very interested if you google it it works with
Bell Express view and the dish network
Well, what is it? What do you mean it works with it? What does that mean? Well, I'm not saying that I got it, but you catch all the channels for free
So in other instances the way to steal signals that what you're doing you're telling the audience how to steal signals on a
It's free-to-air. It's legal
Yeah, I'm serious
It's on serious
Okay, I'm googling right now. What is that man talking about you have any idea does he have any idea?
What
1187 votes on the pool we got oh yeah a lot of time. We'll slide into 1200 boy if you would have told me this morning at about
1015 I might have stuck around until two o'clock
But right now I got my shoes on my shirt my pantaloonies
See I got my lucky coin in my winter jacket there
Look it looks pretty toasty to me from where I'm sitting now. It's sunny
In fact if anything it's too damn hot in here because this building is all geared up for the brutal look at that
38 degrees man 38 freaking degrees fair us felt fair and high whatever that is
Not too bad. I do think boy. That's really cool. You know something like I told you that they get used to it
Sure when it's been like 15 and 10 and the 18 for a long time and all of a sudden it gets to be 30
It's like a freaking heat wave and and yesterday
It was 40 and there's guys walking around with no jacket on I'm thinking
Crazy people then and they're like not even not even breaking this web so to speak
Unfazed w-a-m. Hello
W-a-m. Hello
Speaking
Good
W-a-m. Hello
Who's more gear
Um, I'm talking about those glyco commercials early
I don't know if you guys already mentioned this or call call it called in
But I saw something on the news the other day that there's a whole bunch of people soon them because they're
Actually using the application that they fell out for the insurance
And they think they're right on their educational level
And there's a whole bunch of people soon. I don't know if you heard about that or not
I did not but I don't have gyco insurance anyway so I could care less
I just enjoy their spots. You know, I'm not one of those people that's gonna be able to hold
Yeah, I like this spot. Oh, I got you. I just don't know. Thanks for the bad news
Exactly we
Got a few a-m. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir
I don't even know that you don't screen your calls. I don't get it
Hey, I'm a head-of-roll male and I use body wash because of you also
Okay, now, it doesn't go the impact the impact of your attorney is unbelievable man. It is shocking. Hey, is George there?
Now he's passed on the floor. Yeah, he's there. Hey George
That band that you were talking about the Vincent Black shadow. Yes
Yeah, great band. Yeah, he's playing up in West Palm Beach somewhere at the end of March over at RAZ
We'll get me some free tickets and I'll go
I said to give you free tickets for my band so thumbs up hardware months on Saturday night
Well, do I blew it? I missed it
All right, thanks. That's all I got. Thanks, paling and thanks for advance for our judges free tickets
See I hit this one. This doesn't work. I thought of the song. I was gonna put on that CD to the mouth when I make for you very careful. Yeah, though
Oh, I don't know here on the radio. I mean eight more votes in 22 minutes like I said
Even a fixed vote could do it
Even John Kerry could do it. Oh, there's Barack Obama. It doesn't qualify to recognize and that's star power
That said he's got the star power right now. He's the man who appeals to young people and political newcomers
I kept staying over and over again that you know we're I'm hoping we're not sure yet
You know hoping that have a rock son around but for me like he's the one that sort of embodies that spirit of Bobby Kennedy of
Hope there you go. He's like darker, complex, but Bobby Kennedy this Hollywood crowd to his fundraiser never got a shot at Merlin Monroe
Damn, and I bet he's not too happy about that, but that's where it goes
1192 I bet if I refresh did before we do the break we could have the 12 easy and then just all take a
Ah big sigh relief like that. Wow. I'm refreshing right now. Are you refreshing it? Oh, I'm just no
Like the crow as a matter of fact like that cashmere bouquet. He was just smell like he bathed him. I know I've said that many times
1197 oh
Uh-oh
Right on the edge of the 29
Wow one more vote whoever votes next will be our 1200 vote and Georgia will send you a trillion dollars
No, won't even send you a penny
Maybe I'll send you a penny
How about pennies from rumor? How's that sound? Okay 20 pasted. What's 20 before it's 139 is what it is. It's almost to a clock. Thank God
Are you a former astronaut in feeling depressed irritable, irrational, and vengeful?
Are you having difficulty adjusting from the highs of orbit to the lows of everyday life?
Then you may be suffering from PISCD
Post-Initial Space Shuttle Event Disorder
The warning signs of PISCD include wearing disguises rubber hose and plastic bag collecting a sudden fondness for knives and pepper spray
And the desire to take long car rides simmering in your own expatory fluids
If you suffer from any or all of these symptoms, you're not alone
Literally ones of former astronauts suffer from PISCD
Post-Initial Space Shuttle Event Disorder
But there it is. Going on, I think you had a very good point
That is that these relentless people who are arrogant stubborn as hell
They they have the answers man. They know what I no matter what you say to them about their sports obsession
It's never going to sink through because that's all they know about like clearance for example
I still can't get over that story you told a couple days ago on Monday that that just mind-boggling
That he is giving you suggestions what you should or should not talk about on the air
After a few more sessions I should be number one maybe even legendary
Our legendary jackass program director who wouldn't know a real talk show from his from his nut nipple if he had one
God
And he's giving you advice on what to talk about and don't talk about religion because it's your offense a lot of people
No have Iroh win bag on again to talk about that crap again
Have what's his name on drew Rosenhouse because everybody really likes him not
See me one thing if he was really interesting and he had something to say and but not only see not interesting
And has nothing to say but the public despises him like poison am I right Chris?
Oh, yeah, Drew Rosenstein House shorts whatever's name it
Follow for on a poll now that not even George's got a man who's not not too big with the compliments not too easy
Handed out all the praise he's got to admit there was a major accomplishment even on day when he hated the pool like poison hated it
Jeremy level rights on the BBC
US Iran attack plans revealed see I save this for the Averyan
US contingency plans for air strikes on Iran extend beyond nuclear sites and include most of the countries military infrastructure the BBC has learned
It is understood that any such attack afforded would target Iranian air bases
Naval bases missile facilities and command and control centers
The US insists it's not planning to attack and is trying to persuade to Iran to start
Says the trigger for such an attack reportedly includes any confirmation that Iran was developing a nuclear weapon which it denies
Alternatively our correspondent adds a high casualty attack on US forces in neighboring Iraq
Could also trigger a bombing campaign if it were traced directly back to Tehran well. They could just may fit up
Long range beat to stealth bombers would drop so called bunker busting bombs in an effort to penetrate the Natan
Which is very some 27 yards underground
The BBC's Tehran correspondent Francis Harrison says the news that there are now two possible triggers for an attack is of concern to Iranians
Authorities insist there's no cost for alarm but ordinary people are not becoming a little bit worried
Earlier this multi-west officers in Iraq said they had evidence that Iran was providing weapons to Iraqi Shia militias
However, the most senior US military officer later cast doubt on these claims
Saying they only had proof that weapons made in Iran were being used in Iraq
General Peter Pace
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said he didn't know that the Iranian government clearly knows there is complicit in this
At the time Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedinajad I just love saying that
Mahmoud Ahmedinajad said the accusations were excuses to prolong the state of US forces in Iraq
Middle East analysts have recently voiced their fears of catastrophic consequences for any such US attack on Iran
Catastrophic consequences did you hear those words? I heard it
Britain's previous ambassador to Tehran Sir Richard Dalenthal to BBC would backfire badly by probably encouraging the Iranian government to develop a nuclear weapon in the long term
Last year Iran resumed the Iranian enrichment a process that can make fuel for power stations or if greatly enriched material for a nuclear bomb
Tehran insist its program is for civil use only the Western countries suspect Iran is trying to build nuclear weapons
The UN Security Council is called on Iran to suspend its enrichment of Iranian by February 21
That's today by the way if you look at that calendar if you look at the Getsky calendar
If it does not and the international what does that mean? I don't even get it
I think I think everybody's doing magic mushrooms because he wrote me an incoherent email just now
I can't even make heads or tails of it. Hey, it's nice to share
Sure what all the magic mushrooms sure. We write over for you
ah
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello feel yes sir. How are you today? I'm great. How are you today sir? I'm doing fantastic
I just couldn't get through you know with the calls coming. I know it's been hectic
I've been a great show. I just wanted to say you know I was accepted for the poll and
I'm looking forward to that next poll that the caller just called in with
Yeah up and nevertheless
You have a great day and you too have a great deal. Thank you. Okay. You sure are man
Well, he sounds like a good guy, but he just had nothing so maybe it's trying he's trying to be helpful
You know there's nothing wrong. We're trying to be helpful. No
You
Oh and you kissed their ass earlier, but now you have to kiss there. I don't understand what he's talking
I'm sure he doesn't either. I'm trying to read an inquiry here at messenger, you know, oh, I sure don't
I don't want to take it the wrong way
Oh
So
Oh
for
Good lady games
Now you've got to hide your heart away.
Now you've got to hide your heart away.
I will sharpen hardly past this at-straight,
Gain or buy,
Man, you're a fool of other men.
Is a sword for a state of mind,
Young, young,
No, no, fear, just sword for a queers,
Having fun with the boys.
In the locked room, I hear,
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
Boy, boy, boy, boy you've got to hide your heart away.
Boy, boy, boy you've got to hide your heart away.
Boy, boy, boy you've got to hide your heart away.
Boy, boy, boy you've got to hide your heart away.
Boy, boy, boy you've got to hide your heart away
