Friday you bastard!
Oh no, I supported Bush after that project day.
And to my surprise, this custom shame.
He had those sorties and then later he got away and shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein.
Bye bye bye!
We're occupying my brother!
Hey, how about that?
Not the one.
For his fifth day!
What's going on?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
We're occupying my brother!
Hey, how about that?
Not the one.
What's going on with this guy?
We're occupying my brother!
Boy, George, why do you hate so many vacations?
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
We've got a lot of hard work.
I see on TV screens how hard it is.
Yeah, I...
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Paul number five, look at producer tickets.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh!
Woo!
How do you like that?
Is that a good way to start a Friday?
Let's quit now, because we're taking the beat back.
I'm outta here!
We got a poison pen.
We got something poison all right.
Oh, I did have ice cream yesterday, by the way.
It's probably what I sound slurried today.
You did, it was.
Yeah, yeah, pig.
And...
Oh, I'll tell you all I had, band stuff.
Oh!
At a point of Hagen does Rocky Road.
Good, yeah.
That would be something.
I'd like to get you're in my close-good buddy for Raj and like meltdown about ten points of Rocky Road and just smear it all over him.
And then just kind of like get my licks.
You know, that's terrible.
I don't want to say that.
Anyway, if we started to my email the yesterday afternoon around three o'clock and I was so excited I was just jumping all around here.
I'm right!
He's a good guy.
He's got a good sense of humor.
Thank God.
Otherwise, he wouldn't be saying these disgusting, perverted things.
Hope he's not listening to this gophe.
But anyway, if he's not, I'm sure that this gophe will send him a clip and get him all over.
Oh, that faggot.
He wants to smear ice cream on you.
Yeah, smear this.
And then after the Rocky Road, that stimulated my appetite for sweets.
I guess it's like drugs, you know.
You do a little bit and then all of a sudden you want to do a lot more.
So I went and got two, one of these new Snicker bars, the little ones in the, kind of brown,
not the dark brown ones, like the traditional Snickers, but there's a new kind of Snickers.
What's in those?
I'm afraid I don't know.
I don't know, but boy, they're good.
I got two of them little Snickers.
And then I took my blood sugar in the machine.
You know what I said?
Tilted?
Close, it said, hi.
Yeah, it's a post number just said, hi.
I said, hi.
Hi, how you doing?
Did it say you're going to die?
W-D-Q-A-M, dying line.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You're an intelligent guy.
I know you took the F-A-T back when I was a perfect score.
100 years ago, yeah.
Find out what you got.
You're telling me we got in the yellow line.
Oh, get a life where you have to find out.
Go soak your head in olive oil.
Okay, olive oil, leave.
Find out what W-Gah.
Well, why? Well, what's that going to change?
You're such a schmuck, man.
You're such an idiot.
Find out what W-Gah and his SATs maybe hit a minus in front of it.
Does that change anything? Does that bring all the dead people back to life?
Does that put a new present in off-orifice?
Does that make the Democrats any ballsier than they are?
A bunch of whims like that Nancy Pelosi bitch?
No.
Go do something constructive sir.
I'd find like a tall building with a balcony.
I'd take the leap.
In fact, we'll give you a microphone and we can like broadcast it.
It'd be a sporting event.
Well, speaking of that before we get into Bobby Boris Picker,
we had two celebrity deaths yesterday.
Not good. They're dying like flies, man.
Mad Dog at Dolphin Camp at two.
Nothing's surprising there.
Four to five power hours.
Mad Dog at Dolphin Camp.
Oh, wait a minute. How is that possible?
No, Hank's not going to be a Dolphin Camp.
He will be in the power hour though.
But I guess they'll be talking kind of like, you know, one will be one place.
How the hell did they do that George?
How does one guy be in one place and talk to the other one?
Magic, I'm sure.
Oh, I love her during every day.
Anyway, five to six thirty.
It's the hopper at the American Airlines at the Mickey Erison slip into Mickey Arena.
Which we needed to lock out Lockncub by the way of that arena.
But nevertheless, it is in Dave County.
For the 45 people who's speaking which who live in Dave County,
the, I guess that's because the heater plan tonight.
And of course if they lose tonight, it's three zip and they're done.
Even Chris would agree with that if they lose tonight to the bulls.
I thought the bulls were like, just okay, you know.
Well, they're a young team that can run and the heat doesn't do that.
Oh, I don't, look, I don't want to hold a run down there.
The young team that can run and run and gone and three peeding and repeating
and triple double and double triple, I'll have a triple scoop of Rocky Road though.
Anyway, so a hopper is going to be at the Mickey Arena at honor of the heat game.
Even though we don't have the game, obviously anybody who wants to see it,
they're going to go there and see it or they're going to watch it on TV for free.
Marlins on decks, six, thirty seven, oh five, it's the Marlins.
And the Philadelphia Phillies, the Marlins who are trying to extend their one game winning streak.
And then on 1360 AM, we got UM baseball against the FSU, seven to eleven.
Followed by, well, I know that's followed by nothing, probably by, you were Slavic
and melodies. I don't know what's on that station anymore.
And then again, that was Eddie K. on QM follows the Marlin game.
So there you go. What a schedule, what an award winning schedule.
And then of course this weekend, it's the draft, baby.
Oh yeah, can't you feel it? Don't close the window. I feel a draft.
Woo!
Get out the caliper's man, especially if Brady Quinn is coming in.
Let's see if he measures out.
Bobby Boris Pickett, you know how old he was, 69.
I don't think George Wilhelm was to say that.
He was 60, co-wrote and performed novel to hit the monster match.
I'll give you a young talk-stop there. Now I guess everybody serves this song, haven't I?
They play it every Halloween, everywhere.
And it's Halloween, aren't Halloween-air? Nothing like a Halloween.
Bobby Boris Pickett is dead.
I was working in the lab, but what a talk-stop light.
With my eyes, be bitter.
I wouldn't even want to step on a dead guy.
Oh my god, that's gross.
Bobby Boris Pickett was Boris Carlisle from First Nation, was immortalized.
Keep it going on the best.
I am.
And the novel to hit monster match, which has become a Halloween perennial and died, he was 69.
Pickett, the long time, was in the Santa Monica, California.
I can barely hear that.
I did sound fine here, so.
Died Wednesday of leukemia, the West LA Veterans' Bureau of Medical Center,
pointed with manager Stuart Perche, who sounds off-ways through it.
Monster match is the biggest Halloween song of all time.
The song was spooky.
Oh, I don't think we can say that.
But non-sue-wetting, just a natural, had a good beat and was great fun, I'd be a said bird Hanson.
Better known as syndicated radio host, Dr. Demento, who's been spitting off be tuned since the 1970s.
Where did we play Dr. Demento? Was that on Zeta?
Was it on DOD?
I did.
No, I did.
Well, I had to play it there, though.
You did?
Yeah.
Before this gig started, you know, a lot of hard time.
The catchy song about a mad professor who joins his latest creation to dance the monster match
was the number one song in the country in Halloween 62.
We released twice.
The Crackest Old Boy's Top of 11970 and the Top 10 in 1973.
I like that.
That's when you got stained power like that.
Like, uh...
Yeah, like legendary neo-God, stained power.
Not just some fly-by-night hollow-out-races on the hip-hop.
It was huge there, something that craved you on the radio in the 1970s.
It struck a responsive chord with me.
Song-peridious, weird, Alianca-big, total time yesterday.
Monster match in the other songs in his Ouvre.
Ouvre.
Probably inspired me to do what I do.
What other song?
Better known he had in the other song.
Rodney?
Ouvre.
What else is that?
Another scoop with French word?
Sounds like genre.
Yeah, his Ouvre.
I got your Ouvre right over here, Schmuck.
I thought only women had those.
Uh-oh.
Yeah.
Check out your Ouvre at the Ouvre.
It's fired by the craze over a dance called the mashed potato.
Oh, I love that.
Now, if you've got that, I will absolutely...
You know I did.
Exited in my pants.
Mashed potato sound made in the shirt.
We've been through this before.
That is one of my all-time favorite.
Oh, no!
Woo!
I need capture pop.
Something close to my chest.
I'm trying to pretend accident.
This is me.
Well, I sure don't make them like this anymore.
And you know, I'll do that.
Another dance.
And if they did, probably wouldn't make any money.
Yeah, who by this night?
Only old fans like me.
I'd go out and buy.
Or you could steal it.
Do I have this in my, uh, iPod?
Yes, you do.
Good.
Excellent.
I can't put it going the other way around.
Listen to all the songs in my iPod.
Come on, what's that?
Come on, little angel.
That's right.
How you found that, I have no idea.
That was a magical moment.
Inspired by the craze over a dance called the Mashed Potato,
the song was written in a few hours by a picket and a music from a colleague,
Leonard Kapizi.
Not only did Monster Mashed catch on in a flash,
it's refrained accompanied by a picket's spirited curl off impression.
It was also destined to get stuck in the minds of generations to come.
He did the Mashed, he did the Monster Mashed.
It was a great VRX Mashed.
I mean, if we just got your plan,
but it's here in the article, so.
And by the way, Charlie B. Synthesis and our poll expert,
thank you, Charlie.
You'll be okay in our book sometime.
The soon-tendent, the Gile Envato of Hollywood, Halloween.
Picket told the Boston Globe in 89, but he didn't see the mind.
Outfitted in the lab coat stained with fake blood,
picket off and introduced Monster Mashed,
oldies concerts by saying,
I'd like to perform a medley of my hit.
Hansen told the times, at least he was honest anyway.
He was honest and now everybody is dead.
A poor 40 out on the lot for him.
Although Picket never again achieved the success of Monster Mashed,
the Christmas sequels, Monsters, Holiday, reached number 30.
And the Characters in December 62, I don't remember that.
It was on his east side.
Oh, listen, the Star Trek,
which spoofed the Star Trek episode was also the most requested
to induct to the Meadow, shown 76.
I never heard of that Star Trek.
I'm going to have to go find it.
Wow.
Robert George Picket was born February 11, 1938,
and Summer Film Mass, his father managed to move into the theater.
By the way, anybody who's never been to Boston,
you better go there sometime soon.
What a wonderful, yeah, I'm asking two sets is what?
Even just for the food.
But it's just a certain ambiance, a certain atmosphere,
a certain uvra, whatever that means.
In Boston, it's just a wonderful place.
You go to Quincy Market and get some of them claim strips or chowda
and go to Northland and you'll find,
there's a lot of restaurants highly overrated
in the North End of Boston, which is unfortunate.
But there's some really great Italian restaurants too.
Oh, no, that wasn't Kenny Loggins, was it?
That was Dave Loggins, I think it's Dave Loggins.
Brother, I get my loggins mixed up all the time.
That was Dave Loggins. Please come to Boston.
I'd like to go back one of these days.
If I lose like 10 pounds, I'd like to go back there and gain it all back.
But they sure don't have the food like they used to man,
Prince spaghetti house, man, Jermonja.
His father managed to move into the theater
so Picket Goa watching movies about Dracula and Frankenstein
and developed a voice call up and press that earned him his nickname.
Bobby Boris Picket, I see.
In the 1950s he came to LA to pursue an acting career.
He did TV commercials, got bit parts,
and joined the cordials of Duwap Group led by Kapizzi, the cordials.
When the group sang the 1950s hit Little Darling by the Diamonds,
Picket would slip in the comic impersonation of Carl Off,
which inspired them to write the Monster Mash.
I haven't made millions picketh to hold a Memphis commercial appeal in I.D.A.
but I've been paying the rent for 36 years with this one song.
What a guy, there's Little Darling by the Diamonds.
And then it's off.
I read it on the Gladioles, which is great.
The book was so clean and so bad.
I did it, I did it, I did it, I did it.
He survived by a daughter, two grandchildren,
and a stressor, sister.
Bobby Boris Picket, this day.
What a nice talk up.
I could barely even breathe it.
No, that's enough. That's more enough than Diamonds.
See, the Gladioles, I've told you this a million times before
the Gladioles had the really good recording of that.
And I don't know which came first to chickener my leg,
but and then the Diamonds had it on Mercury Records.
No lesson was a big hit because it was so campy.
You know, campy probably.
You must be first because I don't have it.
How about you, Pern?
Gladioles must have been the first one because I don't have it.
It must have been in the 50s.
Yeah, oh, it definitely was in the 50s.
I think the 1850s.
I'll look a flip.
What do we get to today's poll?
It's going to take a half hour to read it each time.
That's what Friday you besteds.
Oi!
Come to Florida and die folks.
That's what it's all about.
When you're ready to lay your head down on those golden brains
and go insane.
Coming up in the cheese kit.
It's making the music.
All of the old folks up in the mall.
I'm dying on the hearth.
Absolutely.
They're checking the seats.
Oh, don't, don't, don't, don't.
No, they never say things.
Just waiting for the early bus special to come.
Huh?
Wasting, waking, good old happy.
Searching for the past if they left in a glass.
And how they're claiming that there's a tall coast to play.
But they know it's their own their fault.
Yes.
Search.
The shoving in my.
To get the early but on time.
And pushing just as hard as it can.
And once they are seated.
They get overheated.
They start stuffing rolls and sweeten them low in their back.
Wasting away of getting good old happy.
Looking for that long lost power of you.
Hey, gravely.
And how they're gonna say that it's a ball of truth is a day.
A half or so.
And an alarm of the blue.
You hear that mom? An alarm and a blue is honey.
The old folks don't know the reason.
Oh, she's still dead. Sorry, mother.
But nothing is freezing.
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
What does it matter when they call up Neil and Chattano?
I hate you Neil and never listen to your shit.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
And wasting away again and good old happy.
You're fair.
Just the thoughts of metham using a letter radio.
And how they're like playing that it's a dark horse to play.
But Neil knows they can't wait for his show.
And how they're like playing that it's a dark horse to play.
But Neil knows they just can't wait for his show.
Unpeelable.
That's the moving correction.
Oh, but a separate wreck.
The memories are what?
W.I.N.Z.
Back when it was a radio station and actually had collaters.
You notice how now people who listen to scare America, they'll say,
well, I heard a 940 or something like that.
Is a matter of fact, what?
Our close personal buddy, Ricky emailed me a picture.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Of Jim DeFeedus.
He's actually on TV now.
And my monitor is at a above 5,000 inches screen.
It wouldn't hold the, he's like a slapping over the edges over there.
That's how big he looks like Jabba the Hut.
He is enormous.
He makes Hank look like little Miss Muffet with or without the tough it.
Boy, oh boy.
Jim DeFeedus, you've got a face antibody for radio sweetie.
So anyway, he was, I guess, saying that he also does this show in his box,
for sure.
I mean, when I do it, it's, you know, I got some fat here.
I'm on a cow, but not like disgusting.
Like, what's that guy spashing spas?
But at least spashing spasms is a lot of good stuff for our website.
But Jim DeFeedus, I mean, who are you kidding?
But anyway, 940 back in the day of WINZ.
Great collaters, you have to admit that, huh?
Oh, yeah.
Winds.
As opposed to WOLO, LOS, lose.
Like across the street.
That's what they should have across the street.
LOS, WOLO, we lose.
It's a game thing, you know, sports deal.
We win, you lose, Dennis.
Or whoever it is, you have Dennis Collins.
And of course, Joel Feinberg, oh, brother.
Try to forget about him.
Here's the pull result from yesterday.
I got a lot of stuff to do here.
A lot of stuff.
We might have to stand next to a couple of hours to hell with that sports garbage.
Okay, here's the thing.
1331 on the boats.
Which illegitimate use of your computer work?
Are you most frequently guilty of?
And, you know, you people say, I never miss work,
I miss use my work computer.
I tell you, either your liars or your boring,
or your stupid or all of the above.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Visiting theoranges.com and voting on the poll, of course,
that makes sense to me.
It's logical in a very illogical world in which we live.
382, that was number one, hands down your pants.
Checking out the news, 237.
When a doubt check it out.
Serving porn, 212.
And excellent choice.
Kill some good time at work.
Or any other time.
I never miss use my work computer.
188.
We don't play this game.
We think you're full of crap.
Reading my personal email, 141.
That's a good choice.
Playing a game, 55.
What does that mean?
Playing a game.
What kind of games do you want?
Computer games, obviously.
But I mean, like, what?
You name it.
Games where you shoot at people.
You can be playing the Sims.
Like the ones I play.
I remember you playing on the...
You only like press and TD and business files and different kind of porn.
Yeah, there you go.
Pong?
That's exaggerating.
I don't know.
You want to know what's exaggerating because the...
The dealer they give you to move your ball, it just...
It doesn't move fast enough.
It'll give you a proper joystick.
That is correct.
Nothing works.
Let's have a good property joystick.
It just doesn't do the right.
Anyway, visiting my space, 33, wow.
What a concept that is.
Listening to music.
About 30, man.
30 at work.
Why are you supposed to be doing some heavy-duty work in your listen to the music?
Probably listening to Bobby Boris picket in the Monster Mash or D.D. Sharp and Mash Potato Time.
Why I sure love that.
Are you positive I got that?
Yes.
Because if I had that, I'd be in the living room right now with my iPod cranked way up.
Well, you got it.
Ordering merchandise 25.
Reading a blog 18 and watching a video 10.
I don't think I'll ever make another entry in my blog.
Okay.
Well, I might.
I mean, it's there.
See, I just like to eat my options open.
You know what I mean?
For Raja, I like to eat my options open.
Maybe he's just a Marage, or maybe I'll meet him at the Marage in Vegas.
We'll have a fine time.
Now, I don't want to pick on him too much because then he'll vanish and get all the other things.
I think your close personal friend, Cisco, will keep him in line.
And don't worry about it.
The old man's just an old queen.
That's all.
He just got a good sense of humor.
That's right.
But I'll find you.
I'll find you.
And when I do.
Look out now.
Not just a joke.
Well, maybe it's not.
Oh, guess who else died?
I give up.
Well, I already told you.
And nobody we need is going to care except old parts like me.
But we'll talk about it after the break.
Friday, you bastard.
KTL presents over 728 of the greatest songs of love, especially for the lady in your life by Jerry Lewis.
Lady.
When I'm with you, I'm crazy.
Nobody loves songs for your lady.
Always attributed by the love-miser himself.
An inevitable superstar entertainer, Jerry Lewis.
I don't get your favorite lady-loves song.
Lady.
Lady.
Lady.
Across my big, grandbeds.
It's an amazing company of up 748 love songs for your lady.
All visually remastered and all performed by the masterful superstar, Jerry Lewis.
I just get it.
By the year to join me, I can tell right now.
And they pay a very special musical tribute to the lady.
You'll get this arosmith classic.
And.
And.
Look like a lady.
It's Jerry.
It's a little old lady with a pair of tweezers.
And.
Ellen Reddy's hit, Never Sounded Better.
That ain't no way to clean a lady.
It ain't no way to leak your lady, no woman.
And.
Listen to Jerry's amazing interpretation of this super hit from the King of Pop.
You are the lady with my wife today.
Jerry Lewis.
I am a bad man.
I am a bad lady.
That's 748 fabulous lady songs.
I'm 35 CD's or 1238 track tapes.
All remixed and boyish models from the original cassette masters.
And as a collection, you'll cherish your friend's will love.
And you're a lady will never forget.
It's all yours for 17 easy payments.
It's only 32.
95.
And it's only from K.
John W.
You can tell it's ACL.
We know.
Oh, guess what they just had on CNN again.
Crazy John McCain talking about I.E.D.'s and I.U.D.'s.
Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, he's a crazy person.
That's not nearly as good as this song.
Got a little present for your pop.
There's no need over here.
I can't tell anybody.
I can tell the guy that's been a little while.
So whatever that is, I keep thinking.
I have phase.
I see.
Evil phase.
And then you got to hear it from me.
You know, no context at all.
It's so much better already and they haven't even started singing yet.
Still better.
It's not just K.
It's like that.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Okay, that's a lot better.
Where'd you find that?
I know you have phase.
I have phase.
Jack Pilates did.
Oh, no.
I always thought he was a gangster or crook.
I don't know why I should say that.
And now that he's dead, I guess I can say whatever I want.
Well, first of all, he was buddies with Lyndon Johnson.
Uh-oh.
Look at this.
Beasley taps 20-year radio of Edwin Thomas Manning is General Manager of Power 96.
I totally don't know.
Is this the guy you met in the T-Rome?
Yes.
Very nice guy.
Very tall.
Well, good.
It's about time we had a nice guy in there.
For the past seven years, he's been director of sales for a cheap channel's group in Raleigh.
Oh, he was with a cheap channel.
Watch out.
He's a spy.
Raleigh.
People that he was with cross-town pinnacle broadcasting is WXFC and WFXK.
Careful.
I know.
I was getting nervous about that one.
He also serves to the team of WQOK and Raleigh.
Now the member of the Raleigh mafia.
WQOK, that was the big clock.
Vice President Market Manager Joe Bell commented, Power 96 has historically been a market leader.
Having Thomas Manning served at the helm presents its terrific opportunity for our already strong team.
Said Jolly Joe Bell.
Manning added, Power 96 is an exciting station in a vibrant market.
Oh, gee, are they moving it?
It's going to be my pleasure to work with the talented professionals at Power 96 as we continue to build upon the station's reputation as a market leader.
We're going to explore new ways to reach listeners and advertisers.
Oh, great.
Now, welcome to a real crazy place, Tom.
I've just extended for another 75 years, by the way.
I'm going to be doing a show from the crypt.
You heard a tale from the crypt?
A lot of show from the crypt.
What?
The act of the leddies in the crypt he's dead.
Former White House aide, the LBJ and Phil Menace V lobbyist, who instituted the modern movie rating system,
and guided Hollywood from the censorship era to the digital age, died yesterday, and he was 85.
You know, in a lot of countries, they don't have the movie rating system.
They don't have that.
Gee, how do they keep their kids safe?
I don't know, and they don't have guns.
Philendi had a stroke in March, was hospitalized for several weeks at Johns Hopkins University Medical Center in Baltimore.
He died of complications from the stroke that his Washington home said,
Seth Oster of the Motion Picture Association of America is that Oster, as in maybe he invented the Osterizer.
Philendi was a special assistant in Confident to, or maybe it's a different uvra.
A special assistant in Confedian, suit of intellectuals, they love using French words.
I hate that. It makes me nauseous. I can't stand that.
Because they figure the rest of us are dumb and we don't know our French, and quite frankly, I don't want to know any French.
We. Language or people.
All I take that back when I was in Paris, there were a couple of people.
I wanted to know and guess what I did.
I knew them in a very friendly and close-up way.
Philendi was a special assistant in Confident to President Lyndon Johnson when he was learned to Hollywood in 1966 by movie moguls,
Len Wasserman and Arthur Crim. I wonder if he was kind of more Crim than he used to be on WBZ,
whose real name was Morton J. Crimski, but nevertheless.
A lifelong film lover, he once cited the 1966 film, a man for all scenes, this is all time favorite.
Well, who gives a crap about that?
When he took over as President of the Motion Picture Association of America, Philendi was caught between Hollywood's outdated system of self-sensorship
and the liberal culture of explosion taking place in America.
Philendi abolished the industry's restrictive haze code, which prohibited explicit violence and frank treatment of sex,
and in 1968, oversaw creation of today's letter-based rating system.
While I believe that every director or studio has the right to make the movies they want to make,
everybody else is the right not to watch it, but I told AP, surely before retiring in 2004.
All we do is give advanced cautionary warnings and say, this is what we think is in this movie.
Like for example, Lassie come home once he got involved and it became like X-rated because Lassie took a dump toward the end of the movie.
And we sure sell the one to be our kids being seen in live things like that.
They're going to think that dogs do things like that.
The white-haired Philendi was permitted to move fans to his frequent appearances at the Academy Awards
when frequent Oscar-host Johnny Carson would poke fun of this speeches.
The Philendi was a showman equally animated with a testifying at a congressional hearing,
hot-napping with celebrities at the Cannes Film Festival,
or previewing films for Washington's elite in his office as private theater.
His friend Drange McHugh's Kirk Douglas and Sydney Ploxier,
to more improbably Senator Jesse Helms, are conserved to often at odds with Hollywood.
In Philendi's later years, he handled tricky new challenges from the Internet and technologies of the law
movies to be illegally reproduced and distributed in an instant.
Philendi also traveled worldwide seeking the thought-movieed piracy
and boosted film exports to reluctant countries such as China.
Oh, yeah.
It was Chinese, man.
They're real nervous about the kind of hanky spanky that we put out.
They don't want their people getting brainwashed and seeing what life is really all about.
Although I can't imagine that Chinese making more than a billion people leave us.
So I guess without our help, there's still making a lot of babies over there.
It must be magic.
827 boats out of the day's pool.
It's going to take about an hour to read it.
See, I backed myself into a corner with this image here.
What is this Tony Harris doing? What the hell was that?
Did you see that?
No!
He's making a whole bunch of faggy gestures on there.
Maybe he is coming out.
I don't know.
Get off my screen, Tony.
You make me sick.
Oh, we're going to see, oh, I don't want to see this again.
Roger Ebert.
As much as I could never stand him, I just, you know,
you've got to be the most heartless bastard in the world.
I want to see this.
But you'll look at it.
No, I'm not Spanish television looking at David's right now.
I don't watch it.
They're going to show him again.
He's not looking real pretty, you know?
Not that he ever did.
Well, that's very sad.
And of course, like I said, God works in mysterious ways.
He inflicts these evil punishments on people who are full of crap
and make bad movie reviews.
I think that's one of the worst things you could do.
Is make bad movie reviews.
And then the Lord really smotes you, baby.
He sticks his finger there, like that.
Like an electric charge.
And all of a sudden, you get smitten by the Lord.
And well, when you get smitten by the Lord, you're going to go off your gourd.
I'll tell you that right now.
I think I'll do the break and then come back and read all 49 states outside of Florida.
And Alabama so far with the band.
And look at that.
Alabama, Texas, Mississippi.
All in a death struggle.
The God of the Sun, they found.
He lives on queer street.
Linkers round on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
He's his home and death is monkey.
Women close, they can look real funny.
He has a wish and knows what to do.
He wants me and he.
Not you.
Well, he lives on queer street.
He's here at Florida for all the creatures' names.
I wonder what he's doing.
He said you like to jump on.
You know Jews, like I know Jews.
No.
No.
He lives on queer street.
Linkers around on queer street.
He had a house and a home.
He was on queer street right now.
I say let's dig up Rick Weaver and bring him back to do the nalphagames.
What do you say?
Oh yeah.
Rick Weaver and demand dog.
Now then the two of them ever work together.
Yeah, of course they do.
What am I?
I'm worth it.
You're getting seen all his Rick.
In fact, we have that one.
Oh, we don't have it.
What?
We must have it.
Is it under like mandage and weaver or something?
We've got to have that one clip.
Here it is.
I got it.
All right.
Oh, brother.
Rick Weaver lives on.
I'm going to be a Roger Schroen.
How do you like that?
That's.
I think mandage was just a little bit too much for weaver.
He just got carried away.
He brought him over the top.
He brought him out of his shell.
Rick was good.
He was named good.
He smelled really bad.
But he was good.
And not a nice guy.
I just really enjoyed both of those last two statements.
Right.
He had his nice to me and I didn't smell anything off of him even though I was a guy.
Well, I'm just telling you what the Bill Crawler told me,
since they're both the sleep of the fishes, now I'm not sure they...
See, well, think about that before you tell me.
You can say whatever you want.
You can't get sued.
Nobody gets all bent out of shape and stuff like that.
But Bill told me that he smelled real bad.
And he worked a lot for it.
Quite a while.
I owed the...
Way more than I did.
So he must know better.
He smelled way more than you did.
Probably.
860 votes on the pool.
Look, that's not the picket on Mr. Weaver now.
Okay, Mr. Weaver, don't make mistakes.
Or something like that.
I've said the last few years when he was seen out in the which teams are on the field.
But other than that, he was great.
And since then, it's been a string of real...
I don't know what to say.
Talk, talk, talk, talk.
Other than Florida, what's the last state you want to live in?
I like this pool.
The only problem is reading the result is very...
It's going to be really draining.
I had quite a thought, you know, so that I don't eat any ice cream this weekend.
I was thinking it would be right at 2 o'clock.
I could... during the next break, I could call my cab guy and have him pick me up and take me to woodbine at 2.
Get there at about 2.30.
And I could spend the whole weekend there.
Now they, you know, they got that horrible restaurant.
They're where I can eat for free.
I can eat anything I want for free there.
You know, because of the fact I lose 80s and $1 a week there.
But what do you think of that?
So...
And I must have ice cream there somewhere I'm thinking.
Not that I want any.
Yeah.
But I wouldn't be going out and getting these pints of a Hagena's rocky road.
That's the only one I'm going to show you.
Whatever it takes.
What do you want to think of that idea?
It might cost me like 5 or 10 grand.
I might get your life worth.
Oh, to me?
Yeah.
Whatever I got.
Millions.
Well then.
Do it.
860...
And of course, you're probably rooting for it for me to go out there and, you know, have a stroke.
That's right.
Soot and cash in on that wheel.
I'm running.
I'll be right there.
So, Florida, what's the last state you'd want to live in 866 votes?
Alabama has been ahead all a while, but they got some real stiff competition here, man.
I mean stiff.
88 Alabama, with a banjo on my knee.
As in Tuscaloosa, Alabama, I'm on Gumbrae, Alabama.
Mobile, Alabama.
What else?
Is there any other...
Is there no Jackson's in Mississippi?
I don't know.
Well, Texas 82, Alabama, 88 Texas 82.
In Mississippi 81, Jackson Mississippi.
What do we know else in Mississippi?
What else do we know?
Pascagula.
Right?
Okay.
Isn't Pascagula in Mississippi no more about it than I do?
I'd never been in it.
What do you mean I don't know more about it than you do?
I've been to Cevo states and I always drove real fast.
They don't like fiends.
Why?
They don't like Jews.
They don't like Jews.
Jews?
Jews, sure.
Alaska 71, and you got upset about that.
I wouldn't want to live there.
I would.
Well, I'd like to visit that.
I would not want to live.
Although I'd like to hear North of Alaska by Johnny Horton if you got it.
All right.
Coming right up.
He's dead too, Johnny Horton.
He was good.
He's been dead a long, long time.
But nevertheless, Johnny Horton, you don't have it.
You don't have it.
You suck at the moment.
That's the best.
I'm taking your ass out of my will right now.
Alaska 71, and then it's really interesting.
New York 60.
Now, of all the states, why would people say, I think what they're doing is they're just
expressing their anti-New York City, anti-New Yorker feeling there, their vent, their venting,
their venom.
Bentham.
New York 60.
I mean, what would be wrong with living in a rendez-que or in Depeux or...
Now, they got a good point.
I don't want to live in New York either.
North Dakota 47.
I voted for that.
Just out of sympathy for you.
North Dakota.
I've never been there.
I've never been there.
I don't want to be there.
You know what?
You know everything that you need to know about it.
Nothing.
You talk for me there.
You talk for me there.
Actually, if I had to change my vote, let me see where it is on the list here.
I would vote for Wyoming.
I don't even see Wyoming on the list.
We couldn't possibly have missed any because I took the list of states.
Were the...
Do you see Wyoming on here?
Yeah.
Oh, there it is.
I'm sorry.
Thank God.
If we had to do this over again, I would plots.
That would be really bad.
Plus the way I'm doing this, you know, since it's going to take at least three hours to read it just once, then we'll be done.
North Dakota 47.
Utah 43.
Louisiana 38.
They just had a thing here on CNN that the crime rate, the number of violent crimes and murders and stuff in North Dakota.
Orleans is the same as it was before only half the population.
So their dying life flies in Louisiana.
A lot of folks put the lose in Louisiana.
That's a horrible place.
But only 38.
Jersey 30.
Arkansas 28, California 27.
Kansas 23.
Nebraska 18.
West Virginia 17.
Oklahoma 16.
Iowa 13.
Not thrown with Iowa, man.
Got some of them corn fed Midwestern people.
Mmm, mmm, mmm, my, my.
What is the big deal with this Richard Geirthing?
What is criminal kiss?
What was that all about?
Is that apparently the Indians are very down on public and by down that means they don't like what you call it?
Public displays of affection.
Now you mean the Indians from India?
Correct.
And he is actually the whole line.
If I meet Varaj like a day land, I can't kiss him there in the mall.
You'll have to ask him.
Maybe you'll have to go behind a video.
I guess I'll ask him where I can kiss him.
There you go.
I got some ideas behind this joke, Varaj.
Don't let this go.
Tell you any crap.
Iowa 13.
My only 12.
South Carolina 12.
Idaho 12.
Georgia 12.
Georgia.
That's a horrible place.
I should have a lot more votes than that.
Georgia.
Like Aintry.
Ohio 10.
New Mexico 10.
Massachusetts 10.
See, as we get lower on the list here, that means these are the better places alleged.
Michigan 9.
I lived 12 years in Michigan, man.
Nothing wrong with Michigan.
And here comes Michigan Mac on the outside driven by Ralph Maps.
That was a great horse, Michigan Mac.
Let's start talking Michigan Horns raising.
Hawaii 9.
I wonder if Jack Riggs is still alive.
Arizona 8.
North Carolina 7.
Maine 7.
South Dakota 6.
Kentucky 6.
Tennessee 5.
Montana 5.
Virginia 4.
Vermont 4.
I'm only going to redo this couple of times because this is ridiculous.
New Hampshire 4.
Indiana 4.
Indiana wants to be, by the way.
Illinois 4.
Connecticut 4.
Colorado 4.
Oregon 3.
Minnesota 3.
Maryland 3.
State of Washington 2.
Rhode Island 2.
Who now wants to live in Rhode Island?
I wasn't there against that Park though once.
Long time ago, it was probably long gone.
Let's talk about all the racetracks the old Queen's been to.
Narragansett.
You can tell you're a real degenerate when you've been to like more than 50 racetracks in your life.
That's a real degenerate.
Pennsylvania 2.
Delaware 2.
Wisconsin 1.
Missouri 1.
And Nevada has got the big none.
Nobody.
Don't want to.
I would say that's the last place they want to live.
I don't want to live there.
That's a lot of time in America.
I had thoughts of all I'm going to buy me a house out there.
I'll lose beautiful low prey.
Once upon a time they were pretty cheap, pretty inexpensive out there by last month.
You know, in Vegas.
We're going to do.
All right.
Johnny Horton's.
The land of Utah.
The Charlottes.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
The Red Sea.
I mean, they're making any music today.
If they are, I sure have an order to send a robber,
a robber, a ravine bow, an arrowsmith,
anybody else that we like still around?
I don't think so.
And David Cassidy, of course.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Poor Miss understood, David.
She just should never give that interview
to that German magazine.
See, that's one thing.
When celebrities give interviews to foreign language
magazines, and they assume it'll never get interpreted
and sent back home and got it.
And then all of a sudden, oh geez.
He talked about some very revealing sexual things,
but nevertheless, Shirley Jones covered it up
pretty well, married him off a whole bunch of times.
She said, oh, he was just horseing around.
882 votes in a pool in Nevada don't have a one.
Well, didn't our friend Bob Lincoln finally
move to Vegas, Emily?
That's what I heard.
Viva, Las Vegas.
He was singing on a plane man.
Everybody was all pissed off and far enough.
Let's do a Vegas trip.
What do you say?
Not.
What?
I'd love to get another free trip to Vegas.
Yeah, you would love it.
Who's going to give you gambling money?
I can't ever, maybe crystal take care of you.
That's right.
What about all of a sudden?
You ever been to Vegas?
I love Vegas.
You've been there then.
Twice, I want to go again.
And weren't you staying besides out on the street?
Aladdin, and then at eight timeshare.
Hey guys, Vegas is my kind to tell.
Go get some silly string Scotty Maccubidiot.
That damn near.
I had some miracle I survived that whole deal, man.
That just about took my life, that whole deal.
Between the satellite dish guy and Vegas, all of which, you know, that all happened pretty
much simultaneously at IOD.
That just about put me in the ground.
And that would not have been a good thing because then I never would have been on QAM.
And look at all the people.
And right now, most of them are listening right now, who would have missed the pleasure
of ever even knowing.
They don't got it.
You know what I'm saying?
Figuratively, literally, I'm in the imagination, whatever, right?
Right.
That would have been really bad.
Plus, I wouldn't have all this money sitting around that I want to lose this weekend.
So what do you think of my plan?
You think that's a possibility?
I think whatever it takes.
Whatever it takes.
And whatever it takes, what not to eat ice cream?
Right.
If the higher a goon to follow you around and smack the spoon out of your mouth, it'll
be worth it.
A goon to smack the spoon.
A spoon goon.
Oh, and spear me with a fama bad boy, spear me with a harpoon.
Here's Ricardo Motelbaum and the Chrysler, New Yorker.
This luxurious automobile has always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker.
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker.
Hey, moron, you want to put on your f***ing seatbelt?
What you ready to eat this steering wheel at?
Ah, yes.
This is truly a New Yorker.
I genius you let the g** in headlights on.
Chase your worst dumbass.
Oh, you know that.
And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none.
Hey, bag of brains, you want to lock the f***ing doors?
Or maybe you should put a f*** inside of the f***ing windows and rip me off.
Yes, the Chrysler, New Yorker.
If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
Ah, buy it, it's a dip s***.
I got your luxury right here.
It's $11.02.05.60 Joe Faxon, he requested that as a matter of fact.
Thank God there's some, I wouldn't say there even bleeps in there.
They just like drop out.
So whatever you call it, whatever you drop out.
What do you call it?
I don't know.
Bill.
He says, speaking of Rick Weaver, and what happened there at the, uh,
in the middle of that break, all of a sudden I called him off.
Oh, I had him turn the audio off so I could say something to you,
but obviously you didn't hear it.
I had to say, I had the same line in mind it.
I had to say, I had the same line in mind it.
I heard that.
Okay.
But then I couldn't hear the audio and I thought we dropped out.
I said something to go on here.
What I said?
No.
You sure?
No.
I said, I said, what the hell is going on?
Chris, you idiot.
And of course it was George's fault.
That's right.
Blame me.
Speaking of Rick Weaver, don't you still have him commenting about
that often it's being least penalized, penalized, but we don't.
I don't think we do.
Let me take a look under my weaverism and see if we have, I'm sure we don't.
Because if we did, I'd be playing that all the time, wouldn't I?
Weaver, you dummy, a jackstrap.
No, I do have you dummy.
I like that.
That's Puppie Covey.
Oh, you got that.
Are we on the air?
And the running backs.
I'm turning the cracks in the big hole.
Yeah, we know.
Okay.
Listen, just remember that was in the pre-joice era and the pre-10 attention.
He's running right out of his jackstrap.
Yeah, we know that.
I got those.
All right.
That's all I got.
That's all you got?
No, I got this too.
I could never charge for an audio grant.
I have a weaver in that my opinion for new stock radio 610 WIO.
You don't have this?
Fans beginning to blew the blow the, who the white flag.
Fans beginning to blew the blow.
He is on clear streak right now.
He is at dummy.
Okay, enough with the recweet.
We probably forgot about that.
Jesus Christ, just because we got the dolphins back, we got a resurrect.
I say, so as a rec the moment, let's hang his ass from the, from the gold posts before kickoff or opening game.
What do you say?
Okay.
Okay.
Now, did you watch that debate last night?
I didn't watch it.
I knew what he was going to call in.
He has to in Chris, right?
No, I'm asking just in general.
Yeah.
I'm saying I'm asking you.
I was watching Sweet La Force and like I always do.
So I make no apologies for that.
It's a regular, a regular ritual here.
My good buddy, Jerry, who lives down in the fourth floor in my building.
He comes up every night, seven o'clock.
We watch Sweet La Force and then he goes, uh,
thing out with his new girlfriend.
But at any rate, Republican Rudy Giuliani is favorite of a,
Democratic firm runner Hillary Clinton for the West Presidency and three key electoral states.
While X-Fies president Al Gore might be the Democrat's strongest choice for 2008 according to a new poll I came out yesterday.
The Quinnipiac University poll show that former New York mayor Giuliani,
who is leading the race for Republican nomination, would be Democrat Senator Clinton,
Solidarity, and Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
The three popular states are seen as crucial swing states in any election,
where their votes never clearly in the Republican or Democratic camp.
In Florida, Giuliani topped Clinton, 49 to 41 percent, in Ohio,
46 to 41, and in Pennsylvania, 47 to 43.
The poll showed that Ohio had switched sides for Giuliani from an earlier March survey,
but that she held the same against the Republican in Pennsylvania and gained ground in Florida.
However, the Quinnipiac number showed that non-Canody Gore,
who lost a 2000 race lead, could do better than Clinton against Giuliani in those states.
Giuliani led Gore 47, 43, and Florida, and the two were tied at 44 percent,
East in Pennsylvania, but Gore trailed Giuliani in Ohio much more with the poll showing 47, 39 for Giuliani.
But a beep bit of boop about well, where is, I don't understand this poll,
where it held the Barack Obama.
Huh?
Kind of a poll is it that just picks and chooses, it just strictly with swillery,
swillery and Gore against Giuliani.
I guess.
At least that's just what they chose to write about there, and you know how they pick and choose.
They pick and choose.
It's like picking both nostrils at the same time.
Doug Thompson says, pick and since we didn't watch it last night,
leave it to good old W-boy to give us a little insight.
The debate that wasn't.
He says, the great debate, the first of the never ending presidential campaign,
season came and went through the United States of Carolina,
and it was for all practical purposes, a yonner.
So cautious, careful, so calculated, so scripted,
where the eight democratic candidates, that journalists could have written the debate story
from the talking points for not the age campaign,
long before the 90 minutes news of broadcasts on MSNBC.
And you know what it was about?
It was about politics.
As only Chris Matthews could say, with his speech defect,
politics, talking out of the side of his mouth like some kind of a,
a carny barker, like an idiot.
Not that many notice as Doug Thompson overnight,
ratings from major TV market show that the talk fest,
that began at 7 p.m. last night,
life far behind syndicated entertainment gossip shows,
along with Jeopardy and Wheel of Fortune for the First Hour,
and CBS's Survivor for the last 30 minutes.
And why not?
Even latest talk we news about Brittany,
Kevin Allick and Anne and the closed love shop,
provided far more fodder for coffee shop gossip this morning
than anything is spewing out of the mouths of the candidates for public office.
I'll take boredom for 500 Alex.
In a pre-packaged consultant driven focus group,
shape political world campaign debates are anything but.
Every word spoken by each of the candidates have been rehearsed
so many times and uttered so often before the audience could have finished it off
in a responsive reading.
Heck, even Dennis Gussins, the man of Ohio, seems subdued.
Instead of a substantive discussion of the issues,
we got an hour and a half of PABLUM,
delivered by the Handler-controlled Manicain,
straight out of central casting.
Now, one of these uber cautious presidential monobony
showed an ounce of courage, a drab of leadership,
or a nanosecond of independent thought.
After debates end, the Lemmings who masquerade today is working,
journalist, marched in formation to which candidates spoke
and so they could spoon feed the pre-prepared spin
that claims each of their candidates won.
Like so much of the glitz of modern politics,
the debate resulted in much to do about nothing.
I saw nothing on that stage,
there's an effort that would make me want to vote for a single one
at the candidates for orifice.
This wasn't a debate.
It was just another episode of the long-running political soap opera
that should be called, as the stomach churns.
It left me wishing that federal election ballots
included none of the above as an option
it would win in a glanced landslide,
since dark times, and how do you like that?
I said it in this much, I was busy watching Wheel of Fortune.
And it was a fine young man on their fine collage soon.
He was like 22, whatever it really was, I don't know what it is.
And he was dumb as it sawed us.
I think we got 2600 bucks on the last puzzle finally.
You dummy, you idiot. You quizzling.
And then the fat broad, I mean,
the lady that wound up winning and going to the jackpot round.
I don't know how that actually came up with the answer.
Have you ever noticed that?
Sometimes you think it's fixed like there's one or two letters on there
and she's like got a big smile on her face,
and she had it.
She got it.
Yeah.
And then she got 30 grand.
It's a third man.
At the top of the law.
Now here's the facts that they were not a facts,
but it's an email from our MySpaceYourPlace,
which I forgot who sent it yesterday.
And probably just as well,
because you're going to get all been out of shape
like it had before the show.
It says, Neil, don't waste your time more money on Borat.
Movie was overrated.
Now, when you sent me originally like ages ago.
What were the wrong subtitles?
With the wrong subtitles,
and it was like...
Yes, it wasn't half the joke.
But I lasted about 20 minutes.
It wouldn't I thought to myself,
this is the same joke over and over.
And that was it for me.
And then you sent me a virgin copy DVD like with a English, you know?
I saw it on the screen.
I didn't make the movie.
No big deal.
There are some very funny things in there.
Can I finish reading this, and then you can reply?
Oh, okay.
You may get a few chuckles out of it,
but they are very few and far between.
To sum it up, watching Borat will be very similar to watching Broke As mounting.
Only the gay sex scenes were meant to be funny,
but they weren't.
Very common as they say.
The gay sex scenes were meant to be funny,
but they weren't.
And that doesn't mean is Borat and Borat he's talking about?
I don't know what that person is talking about.
Oh, well maybe he didn't either.
I don't know.
But he is trying to say,
is that what you can't watch in Borat, okay?
Well, it's free.
It is free.
It came in a male free from you, and I think you know...
Who wouldn't want to see that?
Very nice.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'll watch it this weekend.
If I'm not in woodbine all weekend,
where do you think of that idea?
I think it's a good idea.
I'm only half joking about that. I don't know. Maybe I get lucky. I like the food idea better. You like like a bodyguard to guard your body from dangerous food.
Oh, and it is dangerous when you die of bed. You know, that's right.
And they chop off your limbs and your kidneys fail and shut down and then you wind up with my blancid and disease and you die horrible death.
That was really just tragic. Read that blog, or be it in and then all of a sudden boom like that just like that. He was dead.
You know, just like somebody pulled a plug very not pleasant. Not a good thing. Die be these sucks folks. Don't get real fat and don't get diabetes. Let me tell you that's a message for me to you.
All you punk stuff. They're all you like Chris. I think it's too late for you.
Chris who gives us a song of dance. You know, you remind me of and in a way who now that you're going to take this bad. I'm talking about that fat. The Humper.
Because fat people tend to be in denial. And like I said, I asked you about your blood sugar that one day and you said, oh, it was it was okay. And I said, well, what was the number and you have a little bit of like that.
You know, and the same with the Humper not only won't he get a computer and come into the 18th century, but he also is so stubborn that he won't he won't get one.
I was going to buy one of them for remember that one of those blood sugar measuring things. I remember if your finger every several times today.
And what word did you say? I didn't do it because I know he wouldn't he wouldn't do it. So there's no point in my wasting the money. You know, right.
When there are people like you that want some of my money, why should I waste that in front of your guy that's got like a death wish?
Yeah. Oh, by the way, speaking of that, we got the Derby next weekend too. We got the NFL draft this weekend and the Derby next weekend. God who could possibly acts for more.
Look at that. You're back home. Hi day. You're wasting everybody knows one of the hippest things to do these days is to open a restaurant slash meat indoor theme park in the heart of Manhattan.
And that's why the high-powered folks at the National Rifle Association are pleased to announce Cafe NRA. At Cafe NRA, every food item is unique. That's because our chefs always cook your food over an open fire.
And speaking of food at Cafe NRA, you'll find only the finest, precious meats. Welcome to Cafe NRA. Do you like to try our deal of the day? You mean passive today. No, my ampeal. But Cafe NRA is about more than just food. It's about guns and fun. For instance, while you're dining, be sure to play a quick game of find the crosshairs in your soup, find them and get a free clip of ammo for the automatic of your choice.
And before or after dinner, you'll find it's fun to get loaded in our bar where every drink is served in shot glasses. And for those of you who want to enjoy the fun of shooting something yourself, Cafe NRA offers some of the most realistic shooting games you've ever seen.
Place such shooting favorites as I didn't know the gun was on. I thought grandpa was a burglar and but officer. The guy cut me off in traffic. Cafe NRA. We're blowing the cup of Tishin away.
All right. 1118 at 560 WQM. Big, big weekend, baby. We got the NFL draft. Can you feel it? Close the window, man. So your close personal friend Brandon has got a good suggestion for me as far as the Rocky Road and all this ice cream and killing myself with my dive babies.
Yeah. He says, I don't work for you. I know exactly what'll keep you from eating ice cream. Just keep a picture of Hank Goldberg and or Jim DeFetus in your wallet. That way when you take out your wallet to pay for the ice cream, you'll see them. And then look at the clerk who just scooped your Rocky Road and say, I changed my mind. Turn around and walk away. Like you would say, just walk away. Just walk away.
Like that. That's what you would say. Sounds really great. I mean, see for me to be calling other people fat would be like me to calling other people.
Yeah, it's just like the governor, for example. I wouldn't want to call him as Chris gay like that. Although, you know, when you're fat, see when you're skinny and you start picking on fat people, that's really bad.
Because you don't know anything about fat or about the about the travails about the trials and tribulations of us fat people. And I'm sure the audience don't want to hear about fat and about ice cream and stuff like that.
And I did see that the Godfather, what happened to Ben and Jerry's? What point did they go right? I know they got they sold out, right? Yes, Ben and Jerry sold out.
They sold out to who was it? I don't know.
You know, somebody like that.
Some corporation corporation and they decided to make all these new horrible flavors. Godfather and they got a good names and stuff like that. But they really blow, you know, real crap, crap,ola.
In fact, even some of the old flavors, so to be very honest with you, when you come right down to it, there were only a very limited number of Ben and Jerry flavors. There was the fish food and there's New York Superfudge chunk, which is okay, not great, okay.
And what else? What else Ben and Jerry's is also great? What's the big simmiss?
I don't know. What's the cherry one? One with a cherry grassy. Cherry grassy. That's pretty damn good. If you like a cherry.
But what else? Nothing all that great. You're the ice cream maven so well. I am the ice cream expert, baby. And I don't even think that Ben and Jerry's maker rocky road. How do you like that? Well, what kind of crap is that? QIM? Hello?
You know, I know you think I'm nuts when it comes to health stuff, but I want you to think back. You've been on around, you know, you left. I'm going to call you. We're so crabby. I've been there. You know what? Let me stay away for a while.
It wasn't me. It must have been George. No. Well, he still hates you, by the way. He still never did. Well, Harvey, do your ladies and gentlemen. I came to appearance by one of our all-time callers. I didn't see anything.
When I have met an appearance in the years back, we never had a problem with each other. Long conversation. You bet. You know, he made me feel like sometimes I'm the way he was looking at me. But yeah, other than that, listen.
I don't know. Maybe he wants you. Maybe that's it. I haven't done anything. I see an open open in real life. I stare. If you let him say what he's going to say for Christ's, we actually got a real collar on here or close to it.
This is why I don't call. Yeah. Okay. But anyway, you remember years ago you went and had your freaking gallbladder taken out like a car. Sure. Of course I do. And then you're died from it.
Olive oil lemon juice flush the gallbladder. He didn't do it. And you were sick forever after he said, I wish I would have listened to Paul. I should have done what he said.
I hear something right now as I'm sitting my fan asked this chair. I was 187 this morning, which isn't great. It's still, you know, about 27 pounds more. I should be. But I feel damn good. I'm sitting on what I feel great.
You're not grossly obese. If you're 186 pounds, you're what 510 511? 5 9. I should wait. I the chart says I should wait 150. If I wait 150, I look like Karen Carver. I should wait ideally 160.
But you've got a big head. That's got to wait something.
So what's the solution? Okay. We said all the cheap shots you want to take. Go right ahead. Believe me. I'm making enough money. I can take all the crap you want to lay out.
Now listen to me. But you do not roll your eyes because I swear to God this works. I don't roll my eyes. The first I is nobody here to see it anyway. I'm sitting all over my underwear. There's nobody going to see it. So why would I roll my eyes? Go ahead.
I have blood sugar, you know, blood sugar cravings. My blood sugar goes all over the freaking place. You're a skinny freaking guy for Christ's sakes. I'm a skinny. I'm even chasing it. But anyway, listen to me.
Yeah, I'm listening. If you're ever going to say something, you take coconut milk, not the crap in the can. Let's just listen to me. Not the crap that the average size, not the crap in the can.
You get somebody to do it for your fresh coconut milk. You mix it with a probiotic. You let it sit on the counter for three days. You drink the glass of that before you go to bed every night. I guarantee you your sugar cravings and cravings for the crap.
They put the nips in the pepgee and they do it in the pepgee. I knew you were going to roll your eyes. I'm not rolling my eyes. I'm putting a very funny bit there by your close person, a friend chick.
Anyway, he's closing. Yes. Good. Thank you. See you. Well, he didn't know. What was it? Coconut milk? You stick that wear and you're.
I don't know what he's talking about. If you think I'm going to do whatever he just said, anybody who thinks I'm going to go through all that coconut milk and you do what would it?
Were you paying any attention? What he said? I wasn't either. Not even a little bit. Chris, did you hear it? Yeah, you put it in your eyes. Are you looking at Indian people now? Is that it? What do you mean now?
I never stopped. People live at South Florida. There's a multi-cultural place. No, it's not. There's nothing multicultural about. You got your anglos and your hoolios and your dark folks. And that's it.
And about 10 people from India and three people from China and two people from Uranus. And that's it. Multicultural. My ass. This is in fact, remember where that's where ages ago that Toronto's been declared the most multicultural city in the universe. And it is.
You picked the country man. Pakistan. We got him. Philippines. We got him. India. We got him. China. Oh, we got him. We got Ruskies. Oh, they're all with blindstone. We got you. Why don't we got it? What is that Johnny?
Yeah, since he mentioned it. And the Indian people, by the way, happen to be a very, very fine people. I mean, just pretty much like that.
Always talking about how they smell. What are you talking about? I said some of the ones like native Indian, the ones who are from India or maybe eat too much of that. See, when you eat the same foods all the time and that gets in your bloodstream, it gets into your pores of your skin. And so people that eat a lot of that heavy, heavy curry flavored stuff, they smell curry.
That would probably make it. I want somebody on the smell like kid curry and I ran like hell. I said, and I asked week really have a big ass. He said, man, like, not facutious.
But in any rate, the Indian people are fine. I just say that of the personal, you know, because I've had some encounters with some fine Indian gentlemen. I don't want to say sexual encounters, because that would be a grotesque test, but they were of a sexual, sexual nature. You know what I mean by that? No, what do you mean?
You put the lemon into coconut or something like that. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe I just dreamed it, but I don't think so. I think they were all for very, very real. 947. So don't be picking on my Indian friends, and especially for Raj, you only wish. Let me just set you right now. Okay. You only wish you looked like that. Okay. And we're 22 and going to school had a brain and a heart and a liver and a whatever that other word was you said. What was that word you said? Explain. Yeah. And no, the first thing he said.
Jasper, whatever, Jasper, whatever, whatever, whatever crap you're talking. What is that a Jasper? I think it's like a ass. No, it's a one or something. Yeah, a gem. Yeah, that's a gem. A stone.
So, we're on a spina. See? Okay. My number 52 votes on the full by noon. We're going to have a thousand votes, and then you can sit back and throw all the stones you want.
A pair of exploding balls. Good by Chris Farley. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dumb retard in every field you'll ever made.
Too bad for David Spade. His career could fade cause Ali has left his dad's label TV show. He won't be making bloody movies no more.
As you want it to be just like John Belushi and have drawn candy's chips, you finally made it. But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night. But you were way too young to die to commit bad men to a side.
Good by Chris Farley. What did you eat to blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool that would only bring you certain days.
The farmers are upset. And all you left was some capable movies and a few pairs of your pants that will fill to make community poos.
As you wanted to be just like John Belushi and have drawn candy's chips, you finally made it. But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your casket could hold a piano that sits big while you reach the pizza in the sky. You got so fat you die.
Oh that's bad if there was a god he let us eat. Let us eat. Let us eat. Let us enjoy for Christ's sake. It tastes so good.
But that's just the way it is. You got to have some discipline. You got to work out. You got to go out there and run and jump and all that crap. Kill some people.
How are we doing on the pool by the way we got 960 feets. We'll get a thousand by noon easy. Chris and then you can sit there and shovel a bunch of food on your puss.
How about some of that cookie puss. But when you started with that Carvelle crap man. I don't know what is wrong with you. Carvelle doesn't make ice cream. They make mousse. That to me is not ice cream.
I don't think I've had it in 20 years. Me either. You know the last time I had Carvelle ice cream I'll tell you and damn it I'm so pissed off.
Not better not say it though. See we just got to the often games against them. Not everything we say. I mean not that there's any great regulations and it's not that we can't knock the dolphins because they do suck.
But they used to have that Carvelle stand there. It's a stadium you know. Okay. And remember the days when fat rich and I of course he's dead from fat.
But remember when we used to actually pay for our own tickets and we had great seats. No. Yeah. Oh yeah. Wait. Why would they have that?
And the IOD days we used to pay and the reason I got him is because he used to have four two seats. And for whatever the reason I don't know.
I used to buy season tickets and we'd sit together and the first thing I would do when we go in there is I would stop at Carvelle and get a hot fudge sundae with lots of cherries on it. Oh God.
Hot fudge on chocolate ice cream at Carvelle and of course all they got is the soft but it does make a difference whether it's when it's swimming in hot fudge and with a bunch of cherries and cherries you sign it. Oh God.
That's disgusting and I know they tell me they got E.D.'s in there or something. Okay. I don't know. Chris do you ever go to the stadium you go to games where you can't afford to go?
Oh yeah. I haven't been for about a year or two. Maybe somebody will tell us if I took any calls which I may or may not. I'm pretty sure they have E.D.'s where the Carvelle used to be. There's no more Carvelle stand in there. Well you know with all the respect remember you said the guy that used to bring us the E.D.'s ice cream free because it was a big fan.
It's really unfortunate because I'll show for just about anybody but when they bring you a product that you don't like it's like it's like when Smith and Walensky brought the stakes that time it was a real crap remember that?
Yeah it was not good. No. At all. I don't even go the extra nine yards. I'll say not only was it not good it was bad. It was bad meat and believe me I know bad meat when I taste it but at any rate.
Yeah. E.D.'s ice cream to me is just industrial strength. It's like seal test. Yeah. Or maybe like the old very queen the DQ.
I got to call you that they can be a strong ice cream and they don't call it ice cream. What do they call it? Soft serve. Soft serve. Yeah I got something soft serve. I'm used to leave that all the time. I'll take you what I call it. That's right.
Soft serve. Oh brother. I got several lines for that but we get joyst immediately. Yeah. And you all know where they're going to and where they're coming from.
Other than Florida what's the last state you want to live in? Mississippi and look at this. This is a house race baby. You forget the Kentucky Derby. This is a house race.
We got three of the three states almost tied. We got two of them tied that even that even even Stephen. Mississippi and Alabama 99 apiece. Texas right on their tail 91.
Now one of those three states haven't come. They're all in the deep south. So you have deep south. Alaska 74. I'm not going to read them all just a few here because it's just stupid. New York eight. I mean the pool is good but reading them all is stupid. New York 66 North Dakota 54.
Because now a lot of people are connecting like Fargo you know she's a great movie but they're thinking about the people in that movie. Oh he's a little jai kind of funny looking.
Oh the scene that I like the very well the one with the wood chipper is good too where he's chipping the guy up in the backyard there.
But the scene I like the best was in the roof in the parking garage there remember.
And daddy decided he was going to take matters into his own hands. Well guess what dad?
Dad. Like what's your name? Said and Godfather three. Dad Mary. So fee a couple over the big snows. You could have you could have made that made out of road map on that note. That's how disgusting she is.
She can't help but she was born with a big honker that's all Alaska 74. New York 66 North Dakota 54 Utah 43.
And Louisiana I'll just read the one 30 or more Louisiana 39 New Jersey 33 California 30. Well what's wrong with California besides mudslides and earthquakes and stuff like that and brush fires.
Right and post fire people. Huh plastic people illegal aliens by the by the boatload by the truckload. What's wrong with that 970 on the pool?
There's your bozo but they're going to there's that murderous son of a bitch you called your president in the USA.
Oh boy better you than me I don't want no part of that don't blame me for him let me just say that right now okay.
Don't blame me for that not tomorrow in fact this weekend we are so sports intensive here on your sports station you see the fact that we're not on the weekend it makes it really pristine and clean.
Although I don't know if you call the weekly fisherman really a sports show is that a sports fishing at the Penda who you ask.
I mean especially when you do it like in a gold fish bowl. Well now that was kind of interesting last night that movie that I watched that Rickia told me to get what else it called better luck tomorrow it was it was okay.
I don't want him to get all paranoid and psychotic I mean it wasn't the gun with the wind you know it wasn't a classic it wasn't one of those but it was it was worth watching.
And then Ben who was the main character along with his buddies his Japanese buddies he got they got into some trouble man you know how it is with these punks they get in trouble and he wound up killing that guy and they buried him while I better not turn to that.
But he had a goldfish and when he would study he'd be memorizing all these things for school because they were cheating all the test results and stuff and he would be sitting there looking in the goldfish bowl watching the goldfish it's like getting hypnotized you know watching the watch go back and forth tick tick tick like that you know how that goes.
No that's not a metronome right a metronome in the metronome in the super dome and we just have the sky dome but out of course it's the Roger Center named after.
But anyway and then the goldfish one day he came home and the goldfish was swimming upside down it wasn't swimming it was just kind of like floating upside down the top of the bowl not usually a really good sign.
And so he flushed it down the toilet many got himself a new one you know that's one good thing about goldfish is they're really cheap although what kind of people get a goldfish you know.
I don't know.
I used to have goldfish all the more than the problem with them is they start swimming upside down to anything she's I spent all that money for these the beautiful angel fish those neon's and neon deon and all that crap and then they want I would mind seeing neon deon swimming upside down.
Best kids.
The federal government just lowering the death of these people today.
Under withering criticism from both parties Brown offered no apology and also blame others for the debauchers that cost hundreds of dollars.
My brown there's no one left to blame I said brownie you're the government shame I said brownie the circle is up and blame there's no one I know who's more lame George Bush.
You better make them shut up before he says it was you who messed up you can defend him but I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
That's why you come to run the FBMA so people die when he ran FBMA.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership votes you can go back to your hard shows today both Republicans and Democrats criticize the facts that Brown is still on the federal payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official his testimony must be cleared by his testicles must be cleared it's 1146 he likes those are maybe in Hosses though man at Mickey Brown.
Heck of a job Mickey 985 votes on the pool even Chris has to admit even in his CEO fat he has to admit that we're going to get to a thousand by noon not that there's any rush or any like pressure you know no pressure man that's that's my philosophy of life enjoy life and no pressure.
There's nothing worse than stress and pressure especially if you have diabetes right kill you my right about that kill you dead now there is something next Friday we got some pressure because next Friday may for is that the correct date I'm pretty sure it is yes we got the ratings coming out 10 a.m.
So we're going to like break right into the show and have the ratings will say hey guess what Kenny and boy you're done you you old points this time no one I can say that.
Just a matter of time is the way I'm looking at that you I mean I hate to say that because they seem like you know I mean we already know a boy is a good guy we like him a lot even though he's you know eight feet tall he's a good guy never still afraid train all he's incredibly what's the word I'm looking for boy no no he's incredibly big but also coma inducing he's pond risk and then of course Kenny Kenny's always happy that it's like rock and roll talk you know he's good guy but the show is just not exactly you know sitting taking the.
You taking the world by storm is that a good way to put it it's sucking wind would that be even better way to put it okay let's get into the show here okay it's already 13 till noon and I don't feel like we've
even started yet which is really good I like that 987 we got 13 minutes and we need 13 votes that's one minute I think this audience are coming through for us what do you think Chris yeah I'll do it for us you are so boy now what was it again what was he that word he was using that I think we should
Jasper Jasper house approved $60 million tax break for New Marlon Stadium in Miami let's hear it we love the Marlon yeah they're going to get a new dome stadium they're
going to kick ass they're going to start drawing big and of course we don't have the Marlon's after this season wouldn't that be just our
luck wouldn't it be not nice remember that song by the by John McKean and the Beach Boys the Florida Marlon scored a
crucial run in the legislature yesterday is the State House overwhelmingly endorsed of $60 million
dollar tax break to help build a new home for the team in a vote of 86 to 24 lawmakers approved the last critical piece of
funding needed to finance a new stadium in Miami oh my god are you kidding me or what the money would come from sales tax revenues
generated by the team inside the venue that would be kept I kept to help pay for the ballpark instead of going to the state
the measure now heads to the state Senate was expected to be a tougher sell there still is about half the chamber
against this issue Senate Majority Leader Dan Webster Republican Wintergarden said it's an uphill battle no matter
what an uphill battle just like our poll today boy let me see how those Yahoo States are doing see one thing
about this audience man they aren't big into Yahoo Alabama 101 and Mississippi 100 and Texas 94 how do you like that I
don't think we ever had a poll like this did we maybe once maybe when we said which nostril do you like to pick
best all the right no not right or left your ears or somebody else's oh Dave and Miami officials who worked out a 490
what did this guy that might be the most well not the most but one of the most disgusting things have ever
thought of much less said on a year I'll put your time in there one thing to think is disgusting things nothing
to blur them right out especially on the radio that's not good taking somebody else's nose Jesus God
beat your finger out of there and I know is too Dave and Miami officials have worked out a 490 million dollar
financing scheme for the team remage early baseball estimate the new stadium could generate up to nine million
dollars year in sales tax revenues the plan approved by the House would allow two million dollars of the
money remaining Miami cheer for the next 30 years now finance state and construction maintenance this is the
sixth time in eight years that the legislature has been asked to help fund a stadium for the two time world
series winners this year's proposal is similar to the measure that passed the Senate last year we'll need to
die in a house on the final day of the legislative session while the Marlins declined to comment on Thursday's
vote Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Alvarez cities more optimistic than ever I apologize I just said something I
said that promise I would never do what I read it the way they wrote it and instead of saying
Dave mayor I said Miami date I boycott that I refuse to say it's just stupid it is just idiot hate it
obviously this will come down to the wire again he said a telephone you just like Uncle the old
poll he said granny Neil but I believe this is the year that if anything happens it will the
plan has got the support of House Speaker Marco Rubio of West Miami who by the way was on with Michael
Pugno and Sunday and whoever told me about him is right I bet you're not too many years ago he was a
looking a good looking stud Marco Rubio in fact in spite of his right wing leanings if he still looked
that good well I wouldn't turn him down upon it subjected to setting aside public funds for
baseball stadium when the state is cutting services during a tight budget year we just can't afford it
said representative Mary Brandenburg Democrat of West Palm Beach we have so many unmet needs in the
state you're right Mary the idea that they're going to take public funds and build a stadium for
these losers that's unacceptable see I can say that now I've already said that but I'll say it
now more infatically because we don't have the games anymore after this season and we're not all
crazy about them anyway are we by David Samson and Jeffrey Louis and all other crap oh my god hey
David you ferry boat you up a little bit please people are talking at the water cooler that's what
they're talking about do you hear David Samson now say that that's what they're saying that's
what they're saying that's what they're saying that's that's the three-one series yeah very
ago now that oh my gosh I was like Jeff Garcia nobody want fresh breath get me my fresh breath
hey Jeff you're a ferrary how well how he ever got involved in anyway even being in the same
room with that hot chick we had when we had the beaten curtain on there how is it we're still on
here that that's another thing we lost not because of joy but because of the repressive loss in
America now because the right wing is taken over we can't even put the beaten curtain on there
because we can verify the birth date of these hot naked chicks that we used to put on there for
it what was her name the one cart mellid the Caesar the Chess that is they're Chess they oh man
she was hotter even even I even this all the way you see holy moly man good taste to ever
like that that's a spicy meatball yeah and she was supposedly involved with him yeah just
Garcia they sometimes quarterback I mean anybody you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure
out which side of the road he swings on you know what I'm saying Jeff Garcia nobody wants fresh
breath and they keep and they keep I'm sure Chris is seeing that clip haven't you actually
you've never seen that clip oh they show it all the time on the pregame shows the NFL all at
the crap that they fill up time with in fact you know something we got that channel here the NFL
channel and I mean the NFL the well we got the NHL too there's team Salami yeah see your
Salami team is classic baseball where there's NFL total life system because of the speed but he's
bigger than that he's six five oh here we go get out the calipers again we get ready for the draft
from others Calvin Johnson his assets how do you like that I know what his assets get out of here I
know about the Brady Quinn's assets we got a thousand two votes and that's before the break how do
you like that put that in your pipe and smoke it okay George put that in your a ball and smoke it
thousand and two votes already I am just please just touch about that now we're gonna find out
the kind of ice cream they're predling at the stadium WDQ I am hello yeah they got married
so I got to see you in the subway yeah right cheer they do that's down I hear you I agree with you
but they got married are you are you buying that are you believing it it was in playboy yeah show it
on together they got he was in he was in play girl yeah I believe it okay they got married
yeah I could be wrong you know just because somebody is very offended and speak to the list
and act like I'm instant queen that doesn't necessarily mean that they but I adopted well
Carol Jones that he was good who did pops with you tear bin well what is it now who said
Terrell Owens that Jeff Garcia was good Terrell Owens well you know what he can he can stick
over the moonbone child with his big stupid mouth okay I'll tell you what I wish on him I wish
he'd be on the air in the station across the street every week oh that's ready was did
do any good no he's still a jackass Terrell Owens who used to be Terrell Owens and maybe
he came Terrell and then he became the Terrible Teller let's bring back Rick Weber with the Terrible Tells
I was that wasn't that the thing that he did hey keep power or was it the white hankies I
who did the Terrible Teller I don't know and Bob Prince did the green weeny if I can say that
of course that's as it years ago when we used to be able to say things like that I'm not so sure
we can say it anymore he did the green green weeny I don't remember what that was all about
Bob Prince he was the best man somewhere I've got that cliff I don't want to play it again
still he pressing that he's dead and then nobody in South Florida knows who the hell he was and
you know we listened to Dave Ann boring putting you into a coma and what are the marlins can't draw
flies my god even in the most exciting games they play he barely he barely breaks his sweat he barely
regains consciousness my god they have E.D.'s ice cream at all I know what did I tell you now
you're not gonna screw me on this one like the 301 and the tool and what did I say they have at
the stadium they used to have Carvella what did I say they got now prudent moe E.D.'s I wouldn't wish
that even on the goyem E.D.'s ice cream okay that's how bad that stuff is now would you agree with
me on it and you notice E.D.'s I've never seen it like in pints or you know like an ordinary like
real people size it's always knows big jug in a calf gallon tubs you know like a real cow like
me with the I would need to have down if it was good it was like Brian's score oh you want a
score I mean you can't eat more I do than I can fire a score ice cream beaver head that
I'm trying to think probably not it is so damn good and when you and when you and they think
they think they only make that in courts or here leaders which is of course more than a court how can
you eat more than a court of ice cream just like that you need that baby stop him nothing
just suck that baby down and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-door
hour whatever it is
the way waiting for the only place to take me away
or just sitting on a bench in the way with my friend's mind
I'm trying to try to tell my change
because the best is don't always be the same
all that good and do what you never tell me to do
to try that high-lates she must be in pain just sitting here resting my bones
wondering why my wife won't leave me alone we've talked it over and I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again
oh so I sit on a bench in the rain waiting for the loudly-paste to take me away
oh you just sitting on a bench in the rain with my friend's mind
oh there it is
oh there's time let me raise you off the bench
where the hell are you going?
I'm going to smoke
yeah you're pumped you're smuck you're smacking you it's a 1021 votes on the pool let's see
what we got we got a real battle still going on although Alabama's back in the
Lee they took like a little rest there for a while
must be the next saving factor huh
must be wouldn't surprise me if that's one of the reasons that sufferings have this
hostile attitude pull question is other than Florida what's the last state you want to live in
how about a state of vegetation oh that's Florida I'm sorry
how about a state of denial?
Alabama 110 maybe Jeff Garthier is living in a state of denial
nobody wants fresh breath he's married to her
well they were married you know who knows if they still are
are you sure the gay guy to get married I understand
well Alabama 110 Mrs. Sippy-Wonderful your attitude is under
several you're supposed to be really hostile that somebody that voluptuous in that lovely and
that beautiful and hot and smith is not being touched by him is being wasted by
I mean I was I'd be wasted by some screaming fruitcake like Jeff Sharpe not being
solid oh Alabama 110 I'm having a slice of craft cheese by the way although it's not really
cheese as you know I know you Chetero you know it's the kind of put on a cheeseburger if your
price process cheese inspired food process cheesy cheesy food real cheesy cheese ish now that's not
easy to say it's not real cheese it's cheese ish like us we're like radio ish
Alabama 110 Mississippi 103 with without a banjo on your knee I don't even know what that means
going to Alabama with a banjo on my knee what what where is that from a song or something of course
what song is that oh Susanna get out of here oh Susanna
I'm going to Alabama with a banjo on my knee I don't know the rest of the lyrics and you don't
want to hear me sing anyway I can't sing many things I can't do I can eat though
and Brandon stopped giving me all the stuff about apple pizza and all the
other stuff he's allegedly trying to help me but in the meantime he's he's working up an appetite
I do like pineapple pizza though remember what I read read used to bring us that was
Zoltan's father-in-law no you don't remember because you weren't there but when I was on Zeta
he'd bring me and the bird in yours truly pineapple all kinds of pizzas they make special
from pizza Hut they can actually make good pizza when they want to I know you're surprised here
who pizza Hut no I don't believe you well of course it's a long time ago I made me
like to get a fiery point on that place in the Galaria because even though puts his other
things I really am not supposed to eat and sends my blood sugar skyrocketing as long as I'm
going to die someday anyway it's the place like inside like it's right in court
in court in fact our good friend Moishi probably could tell me that he's listening which I
doubt but yeah it's a gigantic place in the food court and I told you in the Galaria it's
for all the living and breathing people in Broward hang out all the people under the age of 100
really amazed me that day but anyway it may be what I'd be a place to try sometime
Alabama 111 Mississippi 103 in Texas 95 those of the three contenders the rest are just
pretenders or whatever that means somebody once told us what the name of that joint is in the
Galaria where they have a yeah I've never seen a pizza place like that I mean they have just about
eight million tables and it's huge and I guess it's like a gourmet pizza thing
somebody QAM hello no there I thought for sure that was going to be the one where they would tell us
QAM hello QAM
very quiet today very quiet QAM hello
you know good afternoon happy first sir good evening I have the winner of the poll and I can
guarantee you because when I get home I am going to vote 47,000 times for Arizona
air was ono that's where all the right wings all the fascist hang out in Arizona
well not only that but it's destined to become the new Florida and unfortunately my wife is dying to
move there I mean you've got the illegal immigration you've got the weather you've got just poor
education I mean everything and now it's the fastest growing state which basically means you know
nothing but New Yorkers are moving there oh and I lost the old people too man Sun City all
of that crap you're right it's like the second floor to that's where people if they don't
what a Florida they go to Arizona to die and they'll keep building homes and then they'll have to
keep building roads and widening roads and the traffic will get ridiculous well make your wife
an offer where she can't refuse how's that well wish me luck good luck pali take care don't do it
Arizona air Arizona where that by Mark Lindsay was it Mark Lindsay or yes that was that when he
what huh Mark Lindsay no Paul were here in the Raiders no just Mark Lindsay solo I think
yeah the rumors were the Dick Clark and Mark Lindsay had like a little something there I think
that's probably maybe he's just infatuated with that ponytail Paul Reader's a Raiders wouldn't have made
a sappy song like this QA and hello
and Mark Lindsay is the light singer of the power of the ring never the last let's just
guy mumble and I didn't hear anything gallery I am hello
say America is a toilet bowl of halfway free Smith
WQA QA and hello
oh I'm not there but I just an author fee today QA hello
all right he says at the at the baseball game they're serving in the little helmets and at the football
game they're serving in the helmets as well well question 11 juice and olive oil for my
growl bladder I'd like to save it how do I do that you'd like to save what I probably
well haven't put it haven't put it in a jar for you okay put it on the mantel piece
you'd like to save his gallbladder I don't know start with his lemon juice crap and
now Paul Paul Payne will attention this is a man who turned orange his skin turned orange okay
from all these other food experiments he's doing they're going to listen to Paul Harvey Jr
because he's a health wizard my Blackberry buzz there and it was one of those time pain.com I
thought for sure Moishi was going to tell me the name of that because he works in the
Delas and the Gila Rhea does he but well a man probably he's working right now he's not
busy he can't be listening to the radio he's you know doing stuff or maybe he's out to lunch
maybe he's at that pizza place they're in the food court it looked sensational but then again
every one of those places looks great to me you know when you're a big fat pig like I am and
you just love mind your mind but it might actually be good I doubt it QA hello no yes sir
hi hey don't know great listen I kind of had a hunch you were going to resound the contract because
all of your gambling far away is it possible yeah yeah yeah no I'm telling you because
you probably don't need the money because all the money you make you know make pretty good money
but I kind of gamble a little bit too I know it is I'm probably going to work till I might
85 or something yeah me too and I don't really care it's my money you know what if I want to
sit on a fire which I might just as well as do that as good a woodbath I might have burned it
I can do it it's mine oh yeah I'm not criticizing I mean I think you know you want to
feel money and you know you do whatever you want me don't worry I'm not losing that much palio
okay if I lose a grand here a grand there it's not going to change my life okay I mean I
could be giving it away some homeless people but you know what screw them that's a terrible thing
to say oh I mean it you know I'll give my money away to people I want it and even if they don't
want it I'll still give it to them by hooker by crook one way I'll force it I'll shove it in their
pants and the money too you know I'm saying no what do you say I don't know I'm saying I want
to find out the name of that pizza joint and if it's any good in a gallery for crying out a lot
but like I said only young people eating there they sure are either in school right now they're
sure not listening to old grandpa Neil on the radio unless they got a brainless they're smart enough
to be doing it as opposed to be sitting there reading all that crap that trigonometry and algebra
and all that stupid ass garbage that they're never going to use in their lives why not teach kids
something good you know like about sex I guess they don't need no instructions Q.A.M. Hello
let me turn my radio down WQA.M. Hello oh I love the two birds with one stone thing man it's
always one of my very favorites you know at 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular
wireless line WQA.M. Hello Neil yes sir good morning good afternoon did you hear anything about
that note at Nova University and they uh evacuated the campus yeah no I did hear about
no today yeah no it's not it's not anywhere that I looked uh the campus the note said if you think
less Virginia or Virginia Tech was bad what do you see what happens here yeah they got helicopter
spawn around and everything do you hear that no I did not hear because I'm looking at the uh
sunset on the herald right now and I don't see nothing about it no no here it is I got to hear
right now thank you sir I got it well he sure saw didn't make a big deal out of it though I mean
they got the oh here it is but the the lead story was Birkhead and then this goes to show you Birkhead
gets okay Lee Bahamas with his and then the Kulsmith started that's the big story way underneath
security threat forces BCC and FAU to close facilities and Broward didn't he say what did he say
he said somewhere wasn't there nobody nobody idiot a security threat today forced officials to
close Broward Community College and FAU property all Broward Community College campuses were ordered
closes of 10 30 this morning and responds to an unsubisified security threat also closed
were two FAU buildings and Davie and Fort Lauderdale that's here a space with BCC the security
threat was received in East Hollywood this morning despite the city not having any campuses
said Captain Tony Rode spoke to the Hollywood police were in possession of some handwritten
notes on a large poster board similar to the uh for sale sign alleging very horrible things will
happen at BCC's similar to Virginia Tech he declined to discuss the exact location or manner
delivers in poster he said the threat was immediately passed out of BCC administrators uh
Hollywood police continued to investigate the audio the college has expected to reopen
a schedule on Monday BCC and FAU okay not Nova but then again what does that kind of all
he knew he's got a phone and he's making sounds with his mouth that's basically but at least he
inspired me to look on there and see if anything was going on and there was so thank you very much
my uh misinformed friend so what was that pizza joint again
and
Human Christ needs this very first name of mine.
But if you wanna say anything to a higher than mine,
then no fun to the bedroom.
And there are no other ways.
No fun to the bedroom.
And we talk about it.
Stay away from Johnny, Louie, Jimmy, and Neil.
My little family, in the ancient Hollywood movies.
Oh, I don't want to tell the world.
And no fun to the bedroom.
No boy.
No fun to the bedroom.
I'll buy them all the way from Hoi, Pedro, Jimmy, and Neil.
Oh, Michael, guess what you may have to say?
Oh, Michael, I'm going to have a boy.
There must be another way.
Ah, hoi.
You know what's time you know what Hoi, hey, both got in that,
but I've forgotten that.
That's good.
We're both on the map.
I don't know if it's good or bad.
Yeah, stay away from us, Michael.
Stay to hell away.
Stay far away.
Although I can't admit it the other day.
Who was it?
Him, I said it were a couple of songs I liked.
I am sorry, but I did.
Me too.
And you didn't like the man in the mirror.
I love the man in the tuba without the purity better
than originally.
Me too.
By far, 151 votes.
Our goal today is 1200, Christus said.
I got news for you, mister, on a marginal poll like this.
If we can get 1200 votes on a Saturday.
I'll fry.
If we can get 12 on a Saturday,
that'd be really a feather in my cap on a Friday.
See, I'm all just, I'm definitely not going to do that thing.
That idea, I mean, I can lose enough just tomorrow.
Woodbine Saturday, which I do every week,
go early in the morning and by noon, I'm, you know.
Oh, hey, what did I do this?
It's okay, though.
And it really amuses me, these people.
I, you know, the guy was, I think, half serious
about my gambling problem.
I don't have a gambling problem.
If I never went to a casino, if I never gamble another dime,
it wouldn't change my life.
I'm going to have some compulsive need.
I have an eating problem.
I have a sugar problem.
That's what I have.
And like a lot of us, we have a sex problem.
In other words, not getting enough.
That's the sex problem.
Let's see what it is.
I don't know.
I'll let you know when I get there.
Right, exactly.
I'll let you know when I get back from hamster, damn, in June.
Oh, boy.
I'm sending out a search party right now.
I'm scouting for certain people for June.
That's, you know, I mean, granted,
I'm a, you're a old man.
You're 64 years old.
You're still a pervert like that.
Yeah, you bet.
You bet your sweet ass I am.
And the day that I'm not,
that's the day I'm going to put my head down on the pillow
and just take a long, long dirt nap.
That's what I'm going to do.
Because all the rest of you are your full of crap.
See, that's one thing all you young whippersnappers
you'll be pleased to know that even when you get to be
an old fart like me,
you're still going to be just as horny as hell.
And when you see something that looks good to you that,
you know, turns your fancy as they say,
you're going to say,
ah, like that.
You're going to go up to them and say,
hey, look at that jacket.
Can that be felt?
But anyway, and then they'll smack you in the head and whatever.
Go on minaherald.com and search Barry Jackson.
First story coming up is Barry's broadcast
before from today's paper.
Read the second half of this.
I already checked this one to see if Barry Jackson
has his usual Friday.
So I didn't see it.
Local radio sniping.
Oh, this ought to be,
let's hope that this is correct
because I'm waiting for the name of that pizza joint.
Not that I'm going to be going there anytime soon.
Although, you know, something I don't know.
Maybe one of these times when I'm down there,
I might actually just go there,
just sneak off there on my own, you know,
and have 15, 20 different pizzas.
How about an ice cream pizza?
I had the minaherald on here and I clicked the wrong thing.
Don't you ate when you do that?
All the time.
I do that all the time because I have bad aim at times.
You know, I just clicked the herald and there it is.
Okay.
Thread closes to Howard campus.
But it's certainly not I already read that from the other paper.
Okay, click Barry Jackass.
And let's see where his story is.
Come on Barry.
Come out.
Come out wherever you are.
Never see Barry Jackass and Jeff Garthea together.
I think Jeff's a lot more macho.
Let's see Friday the 27th.
Here's the story.
NFL fans will be in 7th heaven with five choices for football draft.
Oh, yeah.
7th heaven baby.
That's another good reason to go to would mind instead.
They're all weekend.
Okay, I'll read it right off the thing here if I can find it broadcast sniping.
David Samson said this and go to yellow scene.
Is that what he's talking about?
What I know.
What do you mean?
How would you know?
You're supposed to be the expert on this crap.
Man, you're supposed to be the local maven.
The Raven Maven.
I guess after the break.
I'll print it out there.
I'm printing it right now.
All the Barry were all going to be just dying.
Seeing there in the edge of our seats, checking out the NFL draft, you idiot, you quizzling.
And he's got QM in the ticket.
He'll have draft show Saturday afternoon and Bapapang.
QM gets to originate from headquarters.
Would you be syphilis and Bada Bipada Bipada Bap and etc.
Oh, and the other guys across the street.
They're going to be at the Seminole Hard Rock.
Well, what's the big service with that?
And Josh Freeman will be reporting from Dolphin Camp.
Boy, anybody who's going to Dolphin Camp tomorrow, but it gets there early because the food
will be all gone after that cow gets there.
Wow.
Does that mean I'll have to see him on Sunday?
Ah, I hope not.
The sniping between WQM and 790S go even after ticket president Joel Feinberg accused
it offence of stringing him along in the negotiations and play by playing out to syphilis.
He said the lungs in a funeral home.
I think it was talking about Dave Ann Boring.
And then it's got a whole bunch of stuff on here.
Well, good.
Good.
I'll get to that.
Oh, I just printed it out.
Here it is.
And actually, it came out of my machine.
I didn't even know it was printing that boy.
I'm losing it, you know what?
It says the sniping continued QM's managed trash Feinberg on the air, calling him a little
wimp, smarmy, little pimped, and a sport little rich kid.
Jimmy Syphilis didn't respond to Feinberg shot.
Responded Feinberg off the air, managed his low life has been.
It's still getting a free ride off the 72 dolphins.
He has no like to stand on it.
After breaking a handshake deal with me to come to my station in 2005 and call the dolphin
games and do a daily talk show.
Yeah, it must be really a husband and no good if you try to get him over there with
everybody knows.
Fony, Fony, Liar Liar, your pants are on fire.
Made it city met with Feinberg two years ago, but we never had a deal.
Joel helped advance my career and I appreciate that.
But when he attacked Jimmy Syphilis and sensed me, Mad Dog said, all right.
QM's Kenny Walker said on the air the ticket did a lousy job of the dolphins and screwed
it up.
Responded Feinberg, what is Kenny know about sports coverage?
The last big thing he covered was the Jessica Simpson nuclear shade of ours.
His only title sports is that his wife is the dolphins cheerleading coach.
Both campers said of the ticket they couldn't get the job done with the dolphins.
I never see their host in a locker room if you want to be a professional, be accountable.
To it 790 Sid Rosenberg cramps off the air said, that's a bunch of crap.
I consider myself an entertainer.
I wasn't inside the dolphin locker room, but I talked to players.
I never felt I wasn't prepared to talk about one faceted dolphin football.
We have players every day on the air.
Chris Chambers, Channing Crowder, Ronnie Browne.
It was pathetic to hear them pat themselves on the back for landing dolphin rights.
Why was it pathetic and why were you listening to us?
How said the kid?
Said 790 Host and Miami-Herald Sportscom is Daniel a bastard of Walker and Volcanper,
who are Benian Schmo again?
Oh brother, Benian Schmo my ass.
Boy, he could have got some great lines or what?
No.
No, not really.
So anyway, that's the deal and I thank you so much for killing about two, three extra
minutes of the show.
Thank you very much for this fact.
Whoever the sky is.
When I entertaining and illuminating interesting?
No.
Listen, it's alright.
Much of like a bunch of little children.
Of course that's what the sports fraternity is all about.
It's like a bunch of overgrown children.
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball, give it all that crap.
Not here, not during these four hours, man, where we stand out like a big fat sore thumb.
Stick it right out there, baby.
It felt like a thumb.
That's what Chris said when Duff was in this morning.
Twenty six, past and at least he's out of Josh now anyway.
That's good.
He's about the only one.
Everybody in South Florida wants Josh Cordis' something.
Girlfriend.
Yeah, I'm glad you said that.
See, I left the opening there before you could have driven a Mack truck there through
it.
I bet.
You bastard.
Ready?
Yeah.
Ready?
Yeah.
Where we're at the bottom?
Where we're at the bottom?
Look at the trees that won't stay on.
The hair is blind.
Shake my foot and turn the guys off.
But there's a place where all the guards can hide it.
I can make guys grow.
I can make guys grow with my modern booty.
That's where they're at the floor.
Because it's such a beauty.
It's one of those things I've worked for.
The future better.
I can make guys grow with my modern booty.
That's where they're at the bottom.
Because it's one of those things I've worked for.
The future better.
The future better.
1778 votes
1078 on our full of the state which day would you like to live in the least Alabama 118 this is to be 112 Texas 101 those are the three contenders
Now you know the Miami a person the one with a palm tree and the no name and the
On my space no, yes, yeah, maybe I don't know sure somebody some some person anyway
He says is this the place in the gallery? I've pizza the Georgia. Oh, can't say I guess so
That must be it
It's a huge huge joint man. I'm sure you can relate to that a huge joint
Love it says I'm surprised you like gallery. We really can't hold a candle to have in sure
Well, well, what do I know being so out of touch and being out of that place for most of the last five years?
What do I know I didn't see any problem with the gallery? I the crowd and there was a living and breathing
Mm-hmm. I was looking around I was going
Like that I think half the stores are closed in there and we're in the Gila Ria. Yeah, but I'm not sure
What are you talking about well half of the stores are closed in a place with jam packed? Well, okay there
Do you have anyone's last time you've been there 20 years ago last Tuesday last week Tuesday you were doing what I was sign language meetup group and
Half of the stores are closed. I didn't see much activity. How's that?
Well, I guess they probably I was the length of the place. I was they were there to see me was on a Saturday a lot of those white storefronts
You know with a white paneling in front of the stores like something gonna happen there someday maybe someday right someday somewhere like
Like the Hollywood fashion mall for it was nice. It was glitzy nice part way the Miami Pond tree guy says Michael Mayo
Just wrote in his blog. Oh his blog boy talk about I have no life. I'm reading Michael Mayo's blog
That's okay. This is a good guy the Pond tree guy just he's you know bashful
Said in his blog. He just did all the Howard Cassinas for a comprehensive you coming in Sunday Sun sent oh, I can't wait for that
Because that Michael hold the Mayo
I wonder if there's a statute of limitations on that and then also it says the reason I just played that bitch and here it does live on North Bay Road
Even though we don't usually associate her with South Florida
And why did why did you just send me this thing about FA UN BCC when I just got through reading it on the air a few minutes ago
Well because I'm busy talking to Dave Johnson
Or you we're giving a big kiss for me
Tom here comes the bunny and there goes your money
Okay, then that's right a week from today next Friday is our annual discussion with Dave Johnson about the Derby our annual
Let's stick a pin in the racing form and come up with something good
We never do but we'll give it a shot for you
I'll do a little bit of homework
Thousand eighty one votes on the pool so Chris knows now we're gonna do that 1200 easy because we'll be way over
1100 by one and that means it's a piece of cake. It's like a okay. I walk in a park a cake in the park day will be calling Friday at 11
Okay, the four you see the fun Friday the fourth does you remember who I am?
Yeah, I remembered myself on number. He called me myself. Oh, he called you. Yeah
Get out of here. All right. See you. I mean out of the blue Dave Johnson called you to tell him tell you that we were just talking about you
I was gonna call you but you beat me to it
Are you serious? I'm serious Chris?
He's great. Well, he loves us when he loves me. I don't know about you
We get a lot of time. We've been doing this for what about 50 years. He's been calling since Jesus was a baby like 20
At least I think it may be more than that
Well, let's see. Let's let's do the math on this
Why I hate that expression to do the math. Oh, I why did I say that because you're gonna shoot myself?
I was here with me said that
87 would have been because I think that's a year I started at the IOD
Like in late like in November of 87 maybe
So yeah, this might be the 20th year because it might have been 88. I don't know. It's been a long time
It's been a long time and of course Howard Cosell has been dead a long time. You mentioned Howard Cosell don't have a couple of times
No, I didn't I'll leave that to you because then he wouldn't have called
5 6 7 0 5 6 6 we need to get a fireport on the pizza joints one thing to know the name of it
I mean, that's very helpful, but I'd like to know if there's anybody over eight there not that there's a rate such a thing is really great pizza in soft Florida is there
Must must be the water. Oh, we got Tony's over here
WDQ a.m. Hello, okay
WDQ a.m. Hello, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Did you get your answer on the E.D. ice cream?
Yes, they are selling E.D.'s ice cream at the state of minutes of very a said situation
They're selling E.D. ice cream in the pint not even in a soft serve cup or anything like that really?
Yes, but what are you gonna do with the pen of ice cream in a ball game?
You're gonna watch them melt in front of you what you're gonna do because I am hearing the report is it's a 90 degrees in the shade already
Exactly. Wow now can you grow a pair and play foul mouth dolphins? No, okay?
Can we grow a pair? Yeah, I grow up here. What a jackass man. I think about that
You grow a pair and jump off a cliff right what an idiot you are man
Can I grow a pair and play something that first of all thought even in there anymore?
You idiot you moron you're simple and you you
Fairy and by the way give Joel Feinberg a good kiss good night for us tonight. There you go
Grow up here W.A.C.Y.M. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pally. Okay, Pally
Well, how about Steve's feet over there on pitch can't
What about it?
23rd
How about it?
Yeah, how about it? How about Steve's over there W.A.C.Y.M. Hello?
Well, we're not talking about what's your favorite pizza place? Okay, we've only done that 75,000 times
We're talking about the place in the Gail are real. Okay. Does anybody know how it is?
How it is man how it is W.A.C.Y.M. Hello?
Can you grow a pair and play the Reverend John's Quest?
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello
Hey, how's it going? Okay. I got a question for you
You probably don't care but maybe someone out there knows
Manatees drink like fresh water but me when they can't get it they have like a filter that I'm getting they can drink a
All-stustinol? Yeah, they drink filtered water they drink bottled water. Okay. Thank go find a manatee go to the glades and find you a manatee and feed him some bottled water
He'll give you a big kiss on the lips
W.A.C.Y.M. Hello
Yeah, yes. Oh wow
I have to talk to you so long. I've been listening to every listening I'm 20-7 now
I've been listening to you since I was like 15-40 in middle school
I love you long time great great. So you told me I heard you earlier giving out free money
Yeah, not too well. You think you've got thousands of dollars to give out my all means buddy. Hey
I
Rather give it to you then would buy and how's that?
That's good. That's good. Alright, but I just want to get you a good
Thumbs up and say long time listen every we'll see you for a long more time, dude. Thanks, Pally. Alright, you gotta do it
He's a good guy. Give him some money all depending on what he looks like. He said he's 27
That's a little bit old, but you know I might make an exception every now and then you never know me with me
You do know what you do know with me. This is a problem. Well, that's just me. Oh, it's just me
I don't apologize for that. That's my life. I'm asking for one
187 votes on the pool. I bet you if I click that view current thing it might even be a thousand nine 90
Currents there you go 90 that's our current total
1090 and let's take a look who's winning Alabama one 20 Mississippi 115 and Texas Feth 101 all three states strictly for glam
Goodbye, hey, hey, carlie to tell the truth. It's been a while. You had a pretty good run
I'm not surprised to see a guy like this at the 10th of the rage of 19
That's one less angel panel is
Professional contestant next for the old actor death pool like with my money down on charlotte
I'm alive at hundred and
You didn't want to spill the rest was game show
Rest in the memory hold of all forgotten names of the bell of Don't your great
1100 all boy look at that I did like that Chris you impressed I don't really care whether you are not 1100 on the
Avot and we had 14 minutes to one so I think the 1200 it's in the bag all on
a serially it's Friday Friday's a tough day you know tough nut it's a tough nut to crack I
know a few of those people former CIA director George Tennant says in a new book that
there was no serious debate with the new s administration ahead of the 2003
invasion of Iraq or the U.S. media reports today
Tenant who led the CIA in the run up to and after the war launched to eliminate the
alleged threat of Iraqi weapons and mass destruction also says he was scapegoated
by the White House when no WMV were found in Iraq nothing there in his book at
the center of the storm to be released Monday Tenant defends his own role in
the decision to attack Iraq while blasting thick chaining and other U.S. officials the New
York Times reports today after it obtained a copy of the book there was never any
serious debate that I know of within the administration about the eminence of the Iraqi threat
Tenant rights he also said according to the Times the administration of President
Bush never undertook a serious discussion about the option of containing Iraq without
resorting to an attack in the book and an interview with CBS News to be broadcast Sunday
Tenant also lies is out of the chaining others for setting his use of the back of all
terms slam dunk suggesting incontestable to describe the intelligence used to justify
the invasion of Iraq slam dunk my ass Tenant says he did use the phrase of White House
discussion ahead of the war but only about how to make the case to the U.S. people about
the need to send U.S. troops to Iraq however he said administration officials told writer
Bob Woodward that he said it's a slam dunk case for the CIA's evidence that who say
it's not filed WMV after Woodward wrote that in his 2004 book plan of attack the blame
for the failure of intelligence ahead of the war was directed straight at Tenant which
came to be peedfully citing Tenant's phrase and interviews and speeches rather than acknowledge
responsibility the administration's message was don't blame us George Tenant cut his
end of this mess he writes he's pissed off and fired up that was shown out Monday you're
going to be reading it no I don't read any more books I just you know just don't have
the time when you get to be this age you're running out of time you know you got to put
all your time to really good use like this four hours every day Monday through Friday
and of course you know it's not that far off to that summer schedule and what is the
story with Richard here in the so what was that all about did he get arrested for that
or something or they're like they had riots and they burned him in F.A.G. wherever that
is they had riots in India yeah oh I hope my friend viraj didn't get hurt that's right
he's in Gainesville how many Indian guys do you think are in Gainesville when you come
right down but nevertheless 5 6 7 0 5 6 8 are we going to you think you hear anything
about that pizza place that much in nobody this audience every Veneer at the one that
pizza to Georgia whatever is in the gallery or maybe if you take calls eventually but
what would mean maybe if I take calls do you see calls under a C1 call they're just
vanished yeah as soon as I said it vanished because it was probably some knucklehead you
know 5 6 7 0 5 60 in Palm 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line it's important public
service to the rest of the audience out there and do they care enough to send it very
better not a damn nothing Q.A.M. hello yeah I called you a couple days ago told you about
cinematic you remember me yeah I look it up and there's nothing there okay I got
done holding the bottle in my hand I can give you the name of the manufacturer I just
bought it at the health food store a bite of the health food store yeah I got the first
bottle online because my wife read about it but then I went online and I couldn't find
anything there's nothing there it's called the year old nutritional and it's called
cinematic to and it's cinnamon and the website is W.W.
cinematic yeah cinematic I.I.
say I dot com two of them okay I yeah I okay thanks a lot pal that I'll look it up
get out of here W.W.
Q.A.M. hello
very bad very weak must of Gilbert's boyfriend W.W.
Q.A.M.
Hello I can speak to Neil speaking about that I'm used to place in the gallery of mall that
you were met you sure yeah my kind of town my kind of evil too
all that has my own shoe okay okay bye bye
Q.A.M. hello
W.W.
Q.A.M.
Hello Q.A.M.
Hey Neil yeah suggestion yeah I can you play for me that all pretty you know that's not
a suggestion that's a request that's not a suggestion well I request my bad I'm I'm
a fool you don't hear Miami yeah well this because they're a fool you don't give me no
license to lie to me okay it's not a suggestion to request it's a demand what do you want
I have a request you know you just a bit of my debt that you just said I heard only
of cry the day Miami died can you please ask for me sometimes old Neil died the day
we cried the day Miami died Miami died you know oh the day was that what it's called
Miami died Miami died that's what it's called oh can we play this I guess
I think we can play it after the top of the hour I don't want I want to do now we're
building such tremendous momentum W.Q.Y.M. hello I knew I was talking about the website
you know you're helping yourself when you're dead and it's been dead for months now yeah can
we get that down because I'm about to move the dial now he's about to move the dial because
you don't like the other thing on the website yeah he's about to move the dial oh yeah we'll get
way down it ballet uh-huh move this move out of town Q.A.M. hello yeah now yes sir yeah you guys
need to start talking about tournament pain ball yeah okay it's coming up at seven W.Q.Y.M. hello
hey how you doing Q.A.M. yeah Q.A.M. I want to speak to Mr. Neil we speaking please
Neil sir yeah did you sign up the 40-year session 40 years yeah 40 years you're gonna give him your
80 years sentence man you're great you are marvelous okay okay thanks thanks for the kiss
ballet hey hey hey say it I found it isn't it hope you don't catch anything yes hey hey hey isn't
I got a big chunker on my lip go ahead yeah yeah I am I didn't even enjoyed every morning you
guys are great I'm 22 years old I didn't see a guy go 18 man all right I want to know you're the man
way okay okay you just said that thank you so much get on here send a picture okay otherwise I
don't get all that impressed it sounded a little goofy to me W.Q.A.M. hello yeah I'm calling for
the heat tickets okay good hang out put your own hold okay it was been isn't in this morning
right W.Q.A.M. you're the fifth caller sir Q.A.M. hello that's the bird baby W.Q.A.M. hello
a.a. Neil yes what happens nothing W.Q.A.M. hello hey Neil yes
fuck you well there's another two for one deal and I that worked out pretty well didn't
he didn't realize he was doing the pubic service L.O.5 that that's I thought we'd be way beyond
that by this hour so that 1200 I think Chris is starting to score him a little bit in this chair
which means maybe he's farting real bad I don't know like you do on a plane you know if there's
somebody stranger sitting next to you a stranger oh yeah now now that you've got that drop
how come you never play it uh it's not at a good place well we're waiting out in a good place
where I put it in one of the machines it's like don't you do it over here oh okay well I shouldn't
oppress you on that then I think you're a stranger there you go a stranger a stranger a stranger
and there's some strangers sitting next to you on the plane and you're gonna you know fart because
they've been feeding all that food you're like squirming around a little bit tilting off to one
side is not a good idea because the stranger sees what you're doing that's right they they know
you know you think nobody knows but they know in fact you wait you say oh chief what's that over there
as a terrorist over there need to hold off to one side cut loose WDQRM hello
mashed potatoes gravy week WQRM
last but title are sick and tired of listening to fat homosexuals eat on the air check out
Piper High Radio they're fat kids getting all right hey you're furry Piper High Radio why
to say KPX you know it's got collars nobody wants here some high school radio station but if you say
WKPX Tyler are we a radio station maybe come on I'll teach you a few things come on over here I'll
teach you WQYM hello WQYM hello WQYM hello WQYM hello
hey Neil Horia okay sir I don't know if I'm really allowed to talk about this but I'll ask you
that you watch the convention last night the convention well the the first did I beat yeah the debate yeah
well what do you mean the convention what do I say convention the debate yeah the debate did you
want to know I absolutely did not I don't want to be part of that yeah I screamed in the
oven myself for you know not to do enough to do it but I did it and have you have you heard
or seen from Gravel Gravel the ex-Senator from Alaska did you hear any of this guy
have I seen or heard from him no he isn't called me lately no I was just asking if like on the
new because the news is barely playing it but this guy was something else last night it's always
amazing the guys the best thing to say always comes off like a scream and lunatic yeah and the other
person right next to him of course they paired him up with his finish who's actually getting his
act together but again he's been exactly the reason getting his hair together that's the problem
okay has a little magic with a bad hair piece never gonna make it man he says all the right
things is a little magic a little guy kind of funny looking with a bad piece
when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all women with painted lips around the pole I listen to the
new Rogers one to two I mean I mean I'm a centennial Rogers hair and balance one to two hours
it used to be hot back in the good old days before the old parts came and politicians came Jose
this town was once alive they even had spring grey there were things to do all night
inbroward and in day but the old fart walking dead and the power to the left
but the truth is who just got off the boat I heard the old Rogers cry this is the day that's why I mean die
everyone who thought the name the best or the ones who brought us slow and painful best through Miami
can you believe there was a time they had to see nose and hell and
Dale try to organize the crime but the experiment had failed when the brain did get it down
and tore the false of down they pissed all over the place the big guy did the straight I heard the
Rogers cry this is the day that's why I mean die
what a great place to go to bed but still turning out over with it without the big like I said
I had three times whether you know I told you I had a feeling about that yeah I that smelled it
well how the new version of that called the day radio died
oh wow
120 votes on the pool let's see how the top of the top of the line is we're never going to find out
about that pizza joint because the Galleria crowd they're now listening to the AM radio I'll
guarantee you that and they're certainly not listening to non sports talk radio
Alabama 125 other than Florida last date you'd want to live in
Alabama 125 Mississippi 118 in Texas 103
those are the three contenders I mean I can leave all the rest of maybe before the end of the
show I will fact if I start now they'll take us right up till two nobody QAM hello
hey Neil yes sir if there is a bar in hockey heaven I'm sure that John Moynihan right now is
looking down at his Buffalo Sabers and just having another drink for them do you think that
what does John Moynihan have to do with the Buffalo Sabers John Moynihan was before he was Miami
pray with the Florida Mara Florida Panthers guy he was in Buffalo and did the Sabers
well what do you mean he was the Florida Panthers guy when was that one he was the first
played by playing after the Panthers when they were first three years they were here first two years
on on QAM no way yes sir check it out
John Moynihan did the Panthers on the radio did the Panthers on the radio for two years
okay I'll take your word for it that was it that was the essence of the substance well what
does that mean if there's a hockey a bar in heaven oh get out of here with that hot
there's a lot more channel yeah John Moynihan I never cared for him 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line who did the power no Christine Moron did the
Panthers games Christine and Moron I've tried to forget him I have a brain fart where that's
concerned and rightfully so by the way he he used to do the game like you were watching it on
television no only problems he was doing on radio there'd be these long pauses and he was
horrible just horrible he's the guy that came on here and said I don't think the erudges will
ever be on QAM that uh WDQAM hello WDQAM hello
I'm right back at you QAM hello yes what do you need to know about the Galaria the pizza
join their pizza to Georgia are you eating there yes like a whole food court is not necessarily
just one piece of pizza yeah but there's a place called pizza to Georgia in the food court that's
what I'm talking about okay I didn't know what you're asking now is it good I look good I use the
Mexican place next to it you've never eaten there at the piece of what's known well give it a try and
let us know okay okay good and if I get some of that text in my speech is some of that crap
five six and I guess nobody's ever eaten there so maybe it's I don't know what that means
either it's very good and I guess I could have if it was in the food court because that's where I was
but uh I didn't go there or then you see it how can you miss it exactly the food court is huge
and there's a lot of stuff in there and I saw something else that looked good and I went to
and got that I saw a lot that looked good in there huh me too w w a m hello
w a m hello you know five sixty or seven ninety as far as the dolphins go who did more
took it more no who did more not who did more you idiot who did more who did more
don't don't nobody with two eyes I'll tell you that w a m hello
it's been I that's per winner w a m hello yeah yes uh last time I called you I think my cell phone lost
it's a signal I'll tell you about when I used to drive down nine eight five and let's miss Susan
great it used to put the ball yeah huh boring you are boring then and you're boring now okay
banny baseball kept during test was obvious students were writing the answers under the
brim then school started banning cell phones realizing students could text message answers to
each other now schools across the country are targeting digital media players as a potential
team device you bet and there's a picture of a kid named nick dambrosia seventeen in this
AP photo holding up his iPod he's holding it up in the ear and the iPod too hey neck
anyways two young no seventeen devices including iPods and zoons can be hidden under I mean is
that bad to be ocling over somebody who's admittedly underage is that a bad thing no I mean I
can't touch him it's just a picture you know the name say where he is perfect that right exactly thank
you devices including iPods and zoons I love what is zoons do you listen to toons on zoons
that's another kind of mp3 player like a knight I never heard of it can be hidden under the clothing
with just an earbud and a wire snaking behind an ear into a shirt collar to give them away school
officials say hey nick it doesn't take long to get out on the loop with teenagers said mountain
view high school principal Aaron Maybon they come up with new and creative ways to cheat pretty fast
hmm mountain view recently enacted a ban on digital media players after school officials
realized some students were downloading formulas another material out of the players a teacher
overheard a couple of kids talking about it said Maybon shane kemp spokesman for the National
Association of Secondary School Principles said she doesn't have heart statistics on the phenomenon
but said it's not unusual for schools to ban digital media players what do you think Nick
I think it's becoming a national friend except as she said we hope that each sister will have a
policy in place for technology keeps a lot of the problems down using the devices to cheat is
hardly a new phenomenon kemp set however sometimes it takes a while for teachers and administrators
who come from an older generation to catch out of the various ways that technology can be used
especially an old funny daddy like me I never heard of zoons does that make me out of the loop
out of touch not anymore so then usual some students use iPod compatible voice recorders to
record test answers in advance and play them back said 16 year old mountain view junior down
mirror by a star don't have no picture of down here although it says by mere bistou shane whatever
the helet means others download I know what that means others download crypt notes on the music
players and hide them in the lyrics text files even an audio clip of the old schoolhouse rock
take on how a bill makes it through congress can come in handy during some american government
exams Kelsey Nelson the 17 year old senior at the school said she used to listen to music after
completing her tests something she can no longer do since the band well too bad honey still she
said the band hasn't stopped some students from using the devices you can just thread the ear
butt up your sleeve then hold it to your ear like you're resting your head in your hand Nelson said
I think you should still be able to use iPods people were going to cheat or still going to cheat
with a lot of them still schools around the world are hoping bands will at least stay off some
chairs a teacher at San Gabriel high school in muskowena california confiscated a students iPod
class and found the answers to a test crypt notes and a definition list in the among the teen's music
solutions schools in Seattle Washington also banned the devices the practice is not limited to the
u.s. state marie's college a high school in the susan rionterio band cell phones in digital
media players this year while the university of tazmania in australia prohibits iPods electronic
dictionary CD players and spell second devices in tazmania you devil conversely dukey university
in north korea and began providing iPods to students three years ago as part of experiment to
see how the devices could be used to enhance learning huh the music players proved to be
invaluable for some courses including music engineering and sociology said tindal executive
director of the center for academic integrity at dukey instead of cheating out of decline over
the past 10 years largely because the community expected students to have high academic integrity
well excuse me sounds like a blue nose thing to meet on it
mm-hmm trying to fight the technology without a dialogue on values and expectations as a losing
battle that said i think there's kind of a backdoor benefit here as teachers are thinking
about how technology is corrupted they're also thinking about ways it can be used
productively but a bit but a bit about how is the nicta ambrosia doing i wonder if he smells like
nectar of ambrosia well i don't even know what that is nectar of ambrosia do you
yeah what is it it's like ambrosia's like food of the gods drink of the gods
food of the gods that's right makes you immortal if you eat it wow drink it if you eat it
or drink it sure i got a couple of really fine lines for that but mm-hmm i don't think so
share one of them i think i'll pass it now i'm not sharing any of them i don't share
eleven twenty seven on a pool now what are you thinking Chris Chris is kind of out of the loop today
you notice how he hasn't said a damn thing all day i haven't have you have you said anything
on the air yeah how's gospel doing yeah jasper my ass oh we get a stone is that jasper the ghost
that's caster you moron i'm sorry jasper was the not so friendly ghost is the hospital yeah
no eleven twenty seven means we need seventy three votes in forty nine minutes i think we could do it
if you lean on it scream and yell and carry on like some kind of a
pick it in child alabama one twenty eight other than florida what's the last day you'd want to live in
mississippi one eighteen in texas one oh four the deep south baby it blow and say cheese
welcome back to kenny and bow you'll be joining us again today i can't believe it's in your
canceled football training that's not right i'll tell you what's not right if the nine eleven all
sports was canceled for almost a week i was in withdrawal hey you were doing a show the morning
and eleven right yeah well how'd you handle that i'm proud to say we kept right i'm talking about
the Miami oh hey hey oh i don't know gildi something like that happens i might have to put sport
aside for a little bit that's right you're not gonna last as long as i have dude people were
jumping to their death are our shores were attacked man that wasn't a good situation
what's that got the doing single very two and spoil fair to me so let me get this right there's
nothing more important in life than sports right i don't get my house was pointing down with
my family trapped inside nothing will lift my head from a sports page you want to have security
at qa and it's spot spot spot if you want to wake here spot gildi come here come here i want to
show you something one seventeen at five sixty wqm gildi man he's the secret weapon he's killing us
eleven hundred and forty seven boats we need fifty three more in forty three minutes well that's
easy man even christine's we can do that although i don't think he cares that much i like christ what he's
worried about is his next meal am i right about that what how no and when you're making the kind of
money they're paying the i really would be worried about my next meal to be honest with it so how
do you like all the information we got about that pizza the Georgia then that's the pressing i
remember back in the day when we really had an audience George and we'd ask that's something like
i sure do we have eighty five million calls on it immediately if not soon they'd be right on top
and read the facts that'd be coming in not no more those were the days fox news devoted airtime
today to a lawsuit brought by a father actor's sons double across the book on lesbian sexuality
oh my god in an Arkansas public library Arkansas the Bentonville Arkansas man is seeking 20 random
damages and the firing of the town's top librarian claiming his two sons were disturbed
after and then they read the book
after stomach upon the whole lesbian sex book in the town's public library that's the name but
the whole lesbian sex book that's called wh the fox segment features two defense attorneys
commenting on whether or not there's a legitimate deal case to be made against the book legal case
and then they got they got the video from america's newsroom on here on the roster that's too
raw for me i don't want to see about no lesbian i didn't i did disgusting how i'm
sure you do and so do those kids two teenage boys they read a book about lesbians and they're
disturbed right they're disturbed they couldn't see the rest of the video that's what they're
disturbed about is daddy came in and shut the thing off no doubt bastard and then of course
took it in his own room and probably got his own big screen tv lots and all kinds of pornographic
grand oh yeah 150 votes on the pool we need even 50 and 40 woman it's the challenge it's right
in your lap and they challenge to wd q a and hello oh yeah nil last year after warmer hi eight at
that pizza joint yeah and it was the best i mean it was the only place that i power in my broder
county so we went there at lunch it was great i don't know if it was because we weren't eating too
much could be good so in other words if you're starving then that's pretty good oh my dad
where my dad got back from the annom he ate liver and onions totally the first on me said it was the
best meal it's his wife so yeah i would think so yeah hi buddy thanks so in other words if you
have any in the meal in like six seven months and the the powers out there's no other place that's
got any power no other place open it's pretty good is what he said not that he ever ate there but
nevertheless five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty wd q a m hello
Kim Bo camp it looks like a big wq a m hello uncle male yes sir suggestion for the new poll
how young is too young that been there done that boring wd q a m hello
a nil yes sir the one time that i did go to the Georgia of the in the Gulf of Korea
it was gross it was gross yeah it was what's going on the back is that your radio cranked up back there or
what last like a theater i'm the hotel room and uh san Antonio Texas right now oh my god you better
get out of there man oh believe me i am i'm waiting on my truck to get fixed though well get it fixed
fast good luck to you pali all right thank you okay there's a guy in san Antonio reviewing a place
in the gallery in for long ago he said it was gross gross just like that book about those
are the whole lesbian thing how they spell out wq q a m hello yeah i always wondered how many
uh you know the buttons you have to play like you know like about 30 man so how many buttons are there
four million well no really about 30 man how many buttons are there okay you've got to lose
button you've got to lose change what's your story man you counting how many buttons are there
jesus got oh by the way yeah well already tore this up and threw it away i shouldn't
have done that because there was an interesting line there in the last the last line of that story
it says further details on that case are available at the washman post blog off beat and i
it's two words like with a slight i hear the words transposed it juxtaposed yes i could be wrong
about that we'll ask those kids after they finish watching the lesbian video
153 votes on a poll we need 47 and 38 minutes what do you think in there let me click
curve you current again let me click the currents 11 57 what i just say we had a moment ago probably
the same regard i don't know 43 votes 38 minutes no no sweat i think i mean though i shouldn't say no
sweat we're really under a lot of pressure okay if we don't get to 1200 then all of a sudden
everybody's going to take my money see what was that idea you were pedaling to me by not
eating going to wood buying all weekend i mean that's just that's desperation that's stupid how
much how much is it worth the idea was a good bodyguard she doing okay sir big old here for the
great you know i yeah one more thing about the draft who's one who's the number two
i'm gonna hang myself yeah that's a good point that's another reason we can't open the door of
the studio over here without getting what it is a draft oh it's it's an offer ready
i'm gonna stay it's driving crazy okay well good luck compelling stick with us till two o'clock no
draft talk here baby but uh you know what do i know and i don't care i mean to me you know what
that's like it's like people are going to see what's practice like hockey fans not that there
are any hockey fans and stuff or oh we went this morning to watch practice and and i have one
question for that oh that's not like me yeah that worked out well that's my question
why why would anybody i mean if you leave the brains out leave the first year for somebody that
might actually find a life would you wear that blush to be the flesh to be all the job
that is great to practice put it on your face and hop oh jesus god oh my well i went to
scrimmage to see the oh oh my god grow up already i have no life just pathetic enough to make
bring tears to my eyes okay i'm gonna run down the whole pool right now i'm gonna get the rub the
rub down the run down you let me turn away well for Raj comes over i'll give him a rub down
don't be picking on my Indian friend now okay have you ever lied on a resume yes 15% no 85%
that's the CNN pull right now what a what a really nifty thing that is who cares have you ever
have you ever lied period how about doing that one huh how about you people let's see it in you
ever lied like every day every news story every piece of government proper gander other than florida
what's the last state you'd want to live in that's our excellent pool today i came up with that
myself yesterday did not you said yeah that's a good idea it is good never we never done this
before and i'm sure we'll never do it again 1162 now we need just 38 votes in 36 minutes oh
a piece of cake alabama 133 alabama's pulling away with it out the banjo on your neosusana
well i haven't heard that in a long time oh susana i ain't got it well good mississippi 118
texas 108 how about terry jokerson and easy riders in merriane all day all night merriane
texas 108 is in third place but they're still in a run in alaska 88 new york 80 north Dakota 61
Louisiana 49 U-46 New Jersey 41 New Jersey California 35 Arkansas 31 should be way higher net
especially after the story about those lesbians Kansas 29 Oklahoma 23 Nebraska 23 West Virginia 22
Georgia 20 Wyoming 18 South Carolina 16 Iowa 16 Idaho 16 Massachusetts 15
Hawaii 13 Michigan 12 Arizona 12 that should also be way higher oh a high oh 11
New Mexico 11 Tennessee 10 Tennessee oh South Dakota 8 North Carolina 8 Nevada 8
Oh Nevada got a couple votes main eight Kentucky 8 Montana 7 Vermont 6 Indiana 6 Indiana
Watson Colorado 6 Virginia 5 Oregon 5 Washington 4 New Hampshire 4 Illinois 4 Connecticut 4
Minnesota 3 Maryland 3 Rhode Island 2 Pennsylvania 2 Delaware 2 Wisconsin 1 and only one
Solomite only for a plow for a one i wouldn't go i guess they paid me to live their Missouri
Missouri well how come that's only got one vote i guess most of these people have never been there
especially st. Louis i've never been there you think it's hot in south Florida wow
mischievous as big as uh boiling balls the size of Vermont
a lot of Catholics in the same Louis by the way not not that that's a reason not to go there for most people but for me
although i can't be the region
Hey you Jennifer Capriotti here and when i'm not slipping balls on the court i'm getting stoned off my ass
and i get my best hit off the Jennifer Capriotti had a spall can bomb
that's right it's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball can bomb cops will never suspect this
innocent looking can just empty the balls screw on the ball fill it with water and you're set
to destroy brain cells the Jennifer Capriotti way
oh this is so smooth
it's the bomb that thinks it's a tennis ball can a tennis ball can that thinks it's a
bomb proceeds benefit my Jennifer Capriotti legal defense but normal approved okay 131 we got
less than a half hour to go on boy not a shame hot not just today but for the entire week
goodness is too bad we can't like turn back on maybe we play Monday through Thursday highlights
oh good
1169 votes so we got 20 minutes we need only 30 and i'd bet you if i clicked that view current
i don't want the christie could all bend out a shape here you know he gets nervous yeah he thinks
we're gonna send the side of your year something you like the food there though 11 69 we need 31 votes
in 28 minutes that's the same as it was before i clicked it wasn't it 1169 they're slowing down
i could don't see still 1169 i think Eric's got his thumb on it again he loves doing that to me
he loves sticking his thumb on here like it's like a suppression button you know he's got
like the whole all the and then all the central thing the button off there and there wow here come
20 30 votes a big chunk you know all at once not yet though still 1169 Chris i'm trying pulling for
you but it's uh yeah not not moving i'll start my back yeah they're gonna send you ask
off the Siberia where you'll be safe five six seven oh five sixty pound five now did we ever
get anybody who really ate there at that place or not i don't think so i don't know at the
apptit's going i guess not i guess our cry doesn't need the gallery we probably haven't got
anybody listening in four-later day or you know within like 50 miles of it probably most of our
audience is like in key west and uh blue water huh lutes and some some in lutes dan Eden
dan Eden that's never gonna happen for me i'm not gonna be dan Eden until they stick my ass in the ground
until they're right now all this business about oh dr goop this says if you don't eat very
much you're gonna live to be hungry well who now wants to live to be a hundred if you can't
enjoy some good food man if you can enjoy enjoy some good child even puppy child sounds good
w2 a.m. hello hey nia how are you okay sir good i want you to have a great weekend because
i've already started my weekend early i told the boss i feel too good i'm taking off today
well good for you and uh tonight well also because i'm gonna catch a huge bet because the heat
are stinkin the join out and i found some sucker to take the bet and now they're on their way to
loosen their butt and i think they should come out in the cheerleader uniforms because they're a bunch
of girl okay i'll good luck sir i think i'm gonna have a good weekend he's worried about the heat
okay whatever w2 a.m. hello hey nia how you doing pretty good i am standing at piazza georgio in the
gallery of mal i think he's really yes i worked in the mall i've been trying to get through to you
and it's it's very good they've got about 20 little pizzas sitting out here that they've
already made and i'm i'm eating here before it's pretty good that's you that's what's the hook
there when you say have 20 little pizzas in other words is like the personal size pizza they
got like personal pizzas uh and you know playing pizza and then they got all kinds of toppings on
all the different ones they're about seven bucks i'm looking at the menu right now yeah and then
they got hot pasta hot meals and uh strong boolean caldone and that's the boolean now you got the
boroughs across the way oh that's for William man sparrow i know i know that when i was in the gielor
we are so bright but i'm watching the guy make the dough right now he's looking at me like i'm
some kind of a weird guy yeah cuz you like a CIA spy right guy the guy from sparrow's
thought a guy from uh pizza the judge you know maybe they're hearing about this maybe they're
hearing that uh we'll fag on the radio is giving them some publicity well let's pretend it's really
good okay okay it was good give it a shot okay thanks pal yeah i know that
for him cavital grill is good pretty good stuff
not sensational not spectacular but it was good you know
and uh huh i said yeah no it was good
1171 on the pool i mean in south florida if you find someplace you can say really spectacular you know
i mean i'd love to hear that wouldn't you yep chick filet get out in your chick filet my ass
i'll go get the grease get the uh paring now find the big fat fryer 1173 okay deep fry my ass deep fat
fryer it's gonna have a new way and hello and my calling that w two a n are you calling out
no but that's where you got you calling for pizza order or what is that new yeah new new
wrong number yeah uh huh w a m hello hello my sir the near piece speaking yes how you doing
Neil okay um how many times do you think the mad dog in hammer scissors during the power hour
what what does that mean what does that mean
so what part show he doesn't watch south parks or save it i don't know what you're talking about
well what does that mean explain to me or you see the episode then you'll understand it
i'm not gonna see the episode so you can't explain it to me it's what lesbians do they scissor
boring no they're looking at all five six seven oh five pretty exciting me okay all that lesbian stuff
that's what you had a world guys want to see you want to see all those lesbian scissoring all they know
i know what they're my simmers watching all that you get whiplash in the neck for much and all
that uh pornow i understand i don't people like that five six seven oh five sixty and pound five
sixty i need Verizon and singular wireless line w2 q a m hello
yeah Neil yeah i'm gonna yell yes sir yeah i have a question for you
mm-hmm the song hey hey Paula what's the guy's name in that song
pull not Paula
and Paula it is Paul yeah let me say it again Paul and Paula thank you okay enjoy your
Palah Paula what's the guys name?
I'm not a star, maybe I played the other day.
I'm just your head, you know, Romanics.
You know, when you shoot, you have to adjust the sights just adjust your head by a year or two and then you'll be right on all the time.
No, because I was in Boston when these songs were popular and I was not in Boston, 63.
I was there like in 61 and 62. Maybe your memory is wrong.
What, the year that I was in Boston? Yeah. I sure ate there. That's where I got fat.
That's where I got fat in Boston. When I was in college I weighed 150 pounds.
I was like right on, man. I mean I was like, you know, flabby like I am now.
But I'm still alive all these years later. I'm still here, man.
A lot of other people are coming gone. I'm still here. Flabby is a can-be.
Not as flabby as that chicken Toronto that cow that was running around the streets naked.
Oh God. Chicken Toronto.
Is that a can- The one on it, the interview gone wrong. That one, okay.
And then I was accused. That was me out there.
Anyhow what it was, I can say. That's right.
We need 24 votes for 121 minutes. We ought to be able to do that.
Anybody see that? You know what's the tremendous number of calls we've had on that boring presidential debate?
I think one. And rightfully so. I didn't watch it. You didn't watch it.
Hell. Well, pressure is how I didn't watch it.
I don't want to see Chris Matthews talking politics. You know, I just, I can't handle it.
And it's just, and what's the point? You know, nobody's going to say anything. That's the problem.
Nobody is going to say nothing.
Now listen, the important stuff starts it to a clock.
We got Mad Dog, a dolphin, camp, and then we got the humpers at the AAA arena for the basketball game.
And we got the Marlin game. We got UM-Bassball on 1360.
We got sports. We got jog straps. We got a bunch of amount of coins.
I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm tired, I'm here.
If you listen to WWE, it will be no.
It shows a day time, I better.
You never know it by the way that they are coming with us.
Sports, don't you know whether it's always single, forget sunny, first you know it.
We got the gun, we got the gun, we say all I know by now.
No one gives a crap about any of that.
It's a hell of a dream to draw money.
If you've got so they're gonna sell.
The talent is moving out.
And buddy, if they still love us then I'll.
Tune in our team.
You and Rick and Sucker what we're missing and for.
The baby's happy and the baby's happy.
But all you'll ever see on that kitty on that little boy.
We said close for the sports or the weather.
It's always single, forget sunny, first you know it.
Gozy, gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah gah.
They all know by now.
No one ever misses you that other crap.
It's a talent that needs the place running.
And if they still love us then I'll.
The talent is moving out.
And buddy, if they still love us then I'll.
Tune in our team.
We'll tune in our team.
Nice off-killing.
That's the new deal and radio it's a.
You guys didn't hear that you want to draw.
I don't know about you guys but when I hear that sound.
Oh man, it's like hearing.
I like hearing fingernails record on your ass.
14.0.2.a QIM.
US officials who say there's been a dramatic drop in sectarian violence in Iraq since President Bush.
Began sending more mercant troops into Baghdad.
Aren't counting one of the main killers of Iraq civilians.
Car bombs and other explosive devices have killed thousands of Iraqis in the past three years.
But the administration doesn't include them.
In the case where the council has been citing his evidence that the surge of additional US forces is beginning to defuse tensions between Shiite and Sunni Muslims.
But what about all these dead people over here?
Yeah, but they weren't killed by car bombs.
El Presidente explained why in a TV interview on Tuesday.
What's this thing that keeps showing his clipper?
He's dancing with all these dark folks and he's doing them just embarrassing the crap out of himself.
What is that?
What do you see?
What you see?
Well, what is it?
He's dancing with a bunch of dark folks and it's embarrassing and he's a goofball and a blithering idiot and everyone knows it.
But we do know that.
Anyway, the bushmaster said if the standard of success is no car bombings or suicide bombings, we've just handed those who commit suicide bombings a huge victory.
He told TV interview Charlie Rose.
Others, however, say that not counting bombing victims skews the evidence of how well the Baghdad security plan is protecting the civilian population, one of the surges main goals.
Since the administration keeps saying that failure is not an option, they're redefining success in a way that suits them since James Denselow and Iraq Specialist at London-based Chatham House of Foreign Policy Think Tank.
Bush administration officials appointed to a dramatic decline in one of the category of deaths, bodies dumped daily in Baghdad, streets which officials call sectarian murders, as evidence that the security plan is working.
But the number of people killed in an explosive attack is rising, the same statistics show, up from 323 in March to first full month of the security plan, to 365 through April 24.
Overall, statistics indicate the number of violent deaths has declined significantly since December when 1391 people died in Baghdad either executed in five years.
The number of people who were killed in Baghdad, the number of people who were killed in Baghdad, was 796 in March and 691 through April 24.
Nearly all of that decline, however, can be attributed to a drop in executions.
Most of which were blamed on Shiite Muslim militias, aligned with the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki, much of the decline occurred before the security plan began February 15th, and since then radical Shiite cleric Murtat al-Saudr is ordered to mock the army militia to stand down.
It's time to stand down, first you stand up, and then you stand down, and then you sit up, and then you sit down.
Sit down, I played that one yesterday, didn't I?
Where did it sit down?
Yes.
Now what about that one about al-Khassal sir?
You know I can't play with him, why not?
Because he starts swearing all over the place, and this is that one.
That's why.
Now what about how do you like a kick?
Hello, Tobah.
This is Betty from the steam room, can I speak to her?
Right?
Yeah.
Right!
All right, yeah, Betty from the steam room, and like that, I'd like to know if there's a how to like a kick in a place.
So why point?
Who?
How to like a kick?
Who did it?
This is Betty.
The steam room, bro?
Yes.
Down sound.
This is a life call here, and people here told me that he went up to the room to, bro.
Yeah.
And he said, how do you like a kick?
I don't understand what you're saying.
He said, Mr. Like a kick.
J.A.L. K.I.K.
Is here by place?
He's supposed to be there, so he said, how do you like a kick?
J.A.L. I.K.
Is anybody saying J.A.L.K.K.
Huh?
How's your like a kick?
Not here, I know.
I mean, that one's not all right.
But I can't play the good ones like you said yesterday, it's like everything else, you know?
And then we played in a high-meet dieting with your encouragement, by the way, and that thing.
I was pressing this thing and hopping on it and pushing it and jumping on it, and I don't even know.
Because that's the one thing about us.
I mean, I don't have no idea what gets on here or what doesn't.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Do you?
No.
Only after when people come in and, you don't know what you did, I'm like, God, what we are.
Yeah, we know.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, please.
Speaking.
Hey, man.
How's the heat going tonight?
Who cares?
Your mama.
Oh, yeah, your mama, so socks and hell, get out of here.
How the heat going to do tonight?
How are they going to either?
When are they going to lose?
That's what I'm going to tell you right now.
And if they lose tonight, it's bye, bye, bye.
On Sunday.
Then I've got a two-peat, and I've got a three-peat, and I've got a three-peat, and they're just going to pee.
Hey, Pete.
Anybody care about that crap?
No.
Not on the show, I don't.
I don't care about the heat.
I don't care about the dolphins.
I don't care about the marlins.
And I certainly don't care about the panthers.
Oh, my God.
What kind of sports fan are you?
I'm not.
I am a sports fan to a point.
I like my hockey, but certainly not the panthers.
I like real hockey teams in the market where people care about it.
And I like what else do I like?
I like my football, like my Patriots.
I like a real team that occasionally contends and wins a Super Bowl every now and then.
I like that is what I like.
And of course, I like my horse race, and let's get a horse race on it.
Uh-oh.
How many minutes still post on the pimlico?
Three minutes, uh-uh, five minutes to post on for race-
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
That would you just hear that?
I did.
That was the voice of Tom Durkin.
Five minutes till the third race at aqueduct.
Six rest, he's working.
The four is eight to five.
The five is five to two.
The three is three to one.
Here comes the bunny, and there goes your money, and all that other stuff.
Okay, I told the kid the other day that it was called about gambling and stuff.
I said, you know, a fool and his money are soon parted.
That's the best advice I can give you.
If you got a lot of money, you know, when you care,
and it's just like entertainment, go have a great time.
That's what I do. That's why I go to a woodbine.
I'll be there early tomorrow morning.
I'll be plunging my gut set, and maybe find a good machine.
And if not, if not, I'm going to change my life.
It's not going to cost me any meals, unfortunately.
Unfortunately, I'm not going to miss any meals.
I can buy all the rocky road I want.
I can go to the store, and I can buy out all the ice cream they got.
Get my cad guy to pull up, and by the way, 1198 on the pool any second.
I bet you if I clicked that thing, we might get to 12 right there, Chris.
What do you think?
What do you think? My name is Fink.
1198 still.
And I press pants for nothing.
1198. When we need two more votes in seven minutes,
we ought to be able to do that, wouldn't you think?
Hope so, unless you've given the whole audience away with all this food talk,
and pizza talk.
Let's see. I mean, if you want really great pizza, go to New Yorker Chicago.
Or Boston, I haven't had pizza in Boston for many years.
I don't know.
I know Italian food, man.
There were some really good stuff.
Mons, Jumanji in Boston.
And don't get sucked in by those overrated restaurants in the North End.
Some of them are okay, and some are really blow.
Oh, Jesus, Scott and Joseph.
The sweat is pouring off of my eyeballs.
Don't lie.
Oh, the heartburn.
Don't, don't, don't.
Every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't.
Every time I see.
I don't know.
Every time I see.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Every time I see.
I don't know.
Every time I see.
I don't know.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
Every time I see.
For tourists.
For tourists.
For tourists.
Glojes tho.
Yet a bag of flowers.
The last time I saw Lenomp.
This bro counts on you.
You and I have a handful of fear we've got a great leader
With president
Bye bye bye
