For the weaker race, I'll mess up all my arrangements.
Yeah!
Attack it!
790 radio presents the Galby Show!
Yeah, it's me, Dolby!
Thank you, I hate you!
I said, take it!
I'm the high-end show!
I'm the high-end show!
You better be careful, Neil!
Manage me in here is confident!
I'll smear the clear!
The guy I sold my soul to assures me
and it might last chance to be high before I fade into oblivion.
So, there!
Well, well, well, here is 790!
We run to appeal to a younger audience of sport halls.
So, high boys and glails?
No, okay, high boys.
Today, Uncle Gaudy's going to teach us how to read a sports camp!
Hey, hey!
Let's see, yeah!
We got here, we got there!
Oh look, Dolphin training camp!
And over here, we got there!
There's a jack who's a schmitz in over here!
This is up over here to get all the statistics!
I'm the top of the back of the back of the...
Oh, look, we got a phone call!
Yeah!
Hey, no, no, no, no, no!
Hi, you're mo!
I'm here to collect!
It's time to pay up, you're numbscalls!
You can't have my number!
I'm a nutty nutty nutty!
I'm a nutty nutty nutty!
You stink, pal!
That's it!
I'm taking your soul!
You don't need your kids!
I didn't want the vice of a bitch!
Oh, wow!
I'm pounding in this knee of...
...boy!
...wee of...
...boy!
I didn't even see you smell!
I didn't even see you smell!
Listen, if your squeak tolerance is kind of low
and you don't want to turn over and hear guilty right now...
...there you go, that's enough!
That should passify you for a little while.
10 out of 2 at 5, 60 WK,
boy, I sound pretty good today, sound like me, like full of energy.
You like it?
You actually had two nights of sleep in a row, solid right on through.
Oh!
Yeah, that's what I say, I say...
Oh, right!
...about time.
Telling Larry King that his investigators are working on 30...
About 30, man!
...solid leads of prominent Washingtonians engaged in sex scandals...
...hustle publisher Larry Flint said he's now just trying to decide how he'll reveal the names.
The publication date for the names hasn't been finalized, Flint said...
...but Hustler could end up printing all 30...
...but 30, man!
...and once...
...the last thing now is...
...see, I could read it the way he speaks, but I want to do that...
...because it would be like me having fun in him and of course he's gonna have a chair...
...and they tried to kill his ass...
...because his ankle...
...you know, he's a great man.
He is a great man, but he just can't speak unfortunately.
...it would be there, although he survived anyway.
...yes.
The last thing now is we don't know if we want to let it drip, drip, drip...
...or we want to go with it if it's here once Flint said...
...but when you're talking about sex scandals and saying drip, drip, drip...
...that doesn't sound right.
...you know, better know.
...oh boy.
...because if you've got a real bad drip, you may...
...in fact, that made me want to play that Jocelyn Elders bit, but of course we can't play it.
Louisiana Senator David Vitter, Republican.
I can't even say the word anymore, it's a tongue tie.
A Republican who pressed family values issues admitted to hiring a prostitute from a...
...so-called DC Madam Debra Jean Palfrey after a porter from Hussler called his orifice for comment.
Flint said his investigators have been cooperating with Palfrey and are seeking to expose other...
...hypercritical politicians in Washington, how unusual, and took out an ad in the Washington Post last month...
...offering a million dollars for information on politicians, engaged in inappropriate sexual behavior.
The ad generated ten times as many leads as a similar request he made during former Clinton...
...and Bill Clinton's impeachment proceedings bringing in more than 300 tips initially, Flint told King.
Uh huh.
They're down to about 30 now.
About 30 minutes.
It's just solid Flint said.
King asked whether Flint was surprised to see any of the names emerged in the investigation...
...but he encouraged Flint not to reveal any names during the broadcast, citing legal concerns.
I worked shocked, especially at one Senator Flint said.
It's unclear whether Flint was referring to Vitter or another Senator whose name is yet to emerge.
Bruce David Hussler's Editorial Director refused to clear five Flint remarks.
No comment of this time he said.
In the email to Ross Story, but he said it's pretty raw.
Palfrey appeared on King's show with Flint and she estimated there could be as many as a hundred eye profile names on list a hundred.
Palfrey's lawyer said he would be releasing another batch of names next week.
There'll be another batch next week.
How do you like that?
People are very bad, shoulder party.
Oh, right.
That's a great idea.
Well, last night I was watching the TV, there about 1130 and all of a sudden here at the CNN hyperventilating.
Oh, gee, it must be Al Qaeda.
Every time somebody farts the wrong flavor of his really obnoxious and bad, like that bitch it would buy in a few nights ago.
It must have been Al Qaeda sitting on her chair or in her...
Back-up dress or something.
I don't know.
In her shorts and her knickers.
What word did you say?
What did you say?
Thanks to me here.
It says from Phil and Gainesville.
I noticed that today's poll I'd steed can be courting the most votes for the far...
For the most obnoxious stuff, what a radio personality not.
Now, years ago when I lived in Miami, we called you and Steve worked at WNWS.
Correct, yes.
I remember that Steve was quite liberal in those days.
What happened?
Well, it's the way it goes.
Some people used to be liberal or now are born again and adopting 85 kids and the right wing.
Are you sure?
Like that.
People used to be liberal.
Are you sure?
Well, it's a, you know, a fact he became fashionable for a while.
Then they didn't realize that we'd go out of fashion just as fast as it came in.
Now, asbestos was detected in the air today after a steam pipe burst in mid-time Manhattan last night,
killing one person wounding 26 others as the ruptured pipes and thick plumes of smoke and ash into the air
and CNN was their covering it and man they were hyperventilating.
Oh, I'll kite her!
It's a terror.
Oh, I guess it's not.
No, it's not.
The city's office of emergency management said that asbestos was detected in six of ten samples of dust and debris taken from the area,
these cities and the Department of Environmental Protection will continue to test the debris.
People who may have come into contact with a steamer debris should take a shower and place their clothes in plastic bags for cleaning or disposal,
the statement said.
Take a shower and even if he wore it that way, even if you're like into buke, take a shower.
It's not a bad idea.
People inside buildings in the frozen zones should keep windows closed and switch air conditioners to recirculate the air inside and set a drawing in air from the outside,
drawing in all that mong from the outside.
The area around the site was frozen because of the fear of asbestos in the air.
Those in the frozen zone are allowed to stay in the area but should use caution, no one will be allowed to enter the zone from the outside.
The New York Fire Department said three firefighters, one place office that were treated for on the scene from minor injuries,
other 22 were transported to various hospitals, but it would be petabooop.
Oh, and look at this.
Michael Bloomberg said the person who died suffered from cardiac arrest.
They are steampied first and of course all the media over there,
they're all doing their steam moving up in here.
It must be a terrorist attack.
Michael Churdov, Mickey Churdov, he knew his crab baby.
He got feeling.
Well, look at that.
We got 744 votes on the poll already.
And it started.
I put it on there at 2 o'clock yesterday.
Now we got to find out who keeps shutting the pot off in that place.
That's what I like to know.
Please, who?
I'm getting so sick and tired of that.
Now even when muff was programmed director, we couldn't get that accomplished.
And now that we got this incredibly idiotic sports nerd as program director,
we know it won't be accomplished because they're all his little boyfriends.
Even Robert Gryper, the Grand Reaper, the Lord of the Board,
the station that's been hoarded and driving me out of my gourd.
Good Lord.
We got to, yeah, who keeps doing it?
Somebody who belongs in here, Mr. Upady,
somebody doing sports related stuff, Mr. Upady.
Oh, I see.
Somebody that doesn't belong in there and has no business patching around with equipment.
Somebody's doing something at port.
Shining off the pot that's got the big sign out that says don't worry.
Please don't turn it off.
What are you aiming about?
Democratic and Republican presidents of front runners held their leads in a new pool of New Hampshire voters.
But there was some movement in the middle of the pack.
I bet that movement came from somebody who's like, don't wouldn't surprise me.
It's always a good place to start a movement.
That's what my mother said.
She didn't have too much success, but she always thought that was a really good place to start a major movement.
Among New Hampshire Republican Senator John McCain slid to 12% from 20% in the middle of the pool, he's down.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb around.
He's just, he's a crazy person.
And they talk about him like, you know, like he has some clue.
McCain came in fourth behind Fred Thompson, a Tennessee, and other fascist.
Thompson was he had ended up the race officially by setting up a campaign.
Got 13%.
This is in New Hampshire.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney continuously lead Republicans.
He's got 34%.
20% for Rudy Giuliani.
Former Senator John Edwards slipped away statistical tie with the Mexico Governor Bill Richardson.
Edwards had 14% in June, but now is doubted in nine.
And Richardson and 11% both swillery.
Hillary Clinton had a solid lead that says, here, although it's not that big over Barack Obama,
now that Oprah's going to support Barack Obama, now we should really be on the bad wagon, right?
Oh yeah, no.
I mean, I'm on his bandwagon, but she just, she gives me spielkeys, man.
It's just the so-say.
Hillary's got the 36% and the Barack Obama's got 27%.
The Republican primary voters pulled and 10% Democrats said they said a lot of candidates.
15% of Republicans say they're very satisfied with their field of candidates.
32% Democrats say they are.
On the Democratic side, 16% of the voters surveyed said they wouldn't consider voting for Hillary under any circumstances.
15% said the same about Barack Obama and 24% viewed Edwards as unacceptable.
Let me say it again.
Unacceptable.
New Hampshire holds the nation's first presidential primary schedule for January 22.
Joe Biden had 4%, little Dennis Kassinich had 3%, Chris Dodd had 1% and former Senator Mike Revel had less than 1%.
Mike Cuckabee and Ron Paul had 2%.
Tommy Tancrito, Colorado, and Wisconsin Governor Tommy Chise had Thompson had 1%.
And percent Brownback had Duncan Hunter had less than 1%.
Tommy Chise had Thompson.
He drank water out of a crank, he was an outdoors guy.
Wasn't no anthrax, right?
You told Tommy, you idiot, you moron.
He's a guy who said that, remember, he couldn't believe how they hadn't poisoned the food supply.
Yeah, good idea.
It's so easy to do it, you know, he just can't believe.
Today's Thursday, so that means that noon or thereabouts will be opening up the KLAM store.
And we got Revel's Waterfront Sports School, we got a bunch here, we got 50.
What are they now?
$100 certificates for 50 bucks, is that what they ask?
Well, there you go.
See, I got my thumb on it.
I have some idea what's going on.
Oh, look at this story.
Well, eventually get to a year poll from yesterday.
What?
Wondup with 900 and, see, Chris says, I cut it off at two o'clock, put the new one on it.
You wouldn't get to a thousand.
Yeah, I did get to a thousand during the show, Chris.
Is that the idea?
$9.52 you want up with, boy, for you, that's pretty good.
A California mother has been charged with beating her children ages two and four on a commercial aircraft
and interfering with a flight crew.
Bitch, Tamara Freeman, 38, who appeared in court Wednesday, was arrested on Monday,
a Denver International upon her arrival on a frontier line flight from Frisco.
An FBI affidavit, quote, passenger is saying Freeman appeared intoxicated.
It was abusive with her children before she boarded the plane and repeatedly hit and yelled at them during the flight.
The affidavit also led just, he threw a drink at the veto flight attendant, followed her into an eye,
the yelling and pointing her finger, causing the attendant to intervene on the children's behalf to feel threatened.
A spokesman for the US Attorney's Staff, which has prosecuted Freeman, said that children were handed over to a relative,
it convicted on the felony charges, Freeman faces a maximum of 20 years in prison,
but under federal sentencing guidelines, her sentence has likely to be much less severe.
20 years in prison for what?
Get a little tipsy and beat the crap out of her kids on the plane?
I mean, I'm not saying her behavior was acceptable.
Well, let's face it.
20 years.
Thank you, I actually didn't have like no joint on it.
Oh yeah, it's life.
50 years to life.
No question about that.
Probably a... get electrocuted.
Probably stick her finger in the old socket.
We got 760 on today's pool, but we're going to get 1000 a day just to make Chris happy.
Definitely, definitely, no.
No, me, you.
Yeah.
46% of the American people pose what bushy and peace?
I think it's time.
It's pushing this disappear.
Yes.
All after life, there's been news to keep us deep in fear.
Perish.
We seem to know...
Per.
The day should be locked up.
Cause we are seeing our tax money fill their wallets up.
That's the 8% what chainy of people.
There's tortures finding in our constitution has been shred.
Maybe Congress would react if an intern gave them head.
If I...
To an PCC hole.
I...
It's a bank tie.
Why?
Why not an PCC hole?
Those weapons of mass destruction got to be somewhere.
Nope.
No weapons over there.
I made a serious mistake.
It's a 10-18 at 5-60 WQAM, happy Thursday to you.
We got the mad dog at 2.
Power hour with Hank in the mad dog.
Between 4 and 5.
That thing is going over like Halavut in Pocipsi.
Hank Goldberg solo 5-630 with an oxygen tank.
We got 630 the Marlin pregame.
Show 705 ballads and the reds right up the street at the old ballpark.
Any interest in that ballgame?
And then gain that with the decaf of the baseball game.
How the Marlins doing, by the way, Chris, are they in contention for that wild card?
How they doing?
Oh, excuse me.
They're not doing too bad.
I'm pretty sure it's up about it.
There are 6 or 7 games behind the mets for the wild card.
Well, and if the wild card is 5 or 6 games out.
I see.
Well, for the division, they're 5 or 6 games back.
But the division, I think, there are 7 games behind the mets.
Wow.
What a crap division.
That must be.
Here's the pull that George took yesterday.
Who's the craziest, loony, as nutcase in music ever?
Was this a Charlie B pull?
It sure sounds like it.
Yes.
Oh.
It's OK.
It's 552 votes.
I didn't have to think of it.
Michael Jackson, I mean, why even take the poll?
Michael Jackson won it.
56% of the votes, 536 votes, out of 952.
536, say, Michael Jackson is the craziest, loony, as nutcase in music ever.
You're fairing.
Phil Spector 64.
Hey Phil.
Courtney Love 63.
Aziazborn 56.
Brittany Spears 35.
Sid Vicious.
Stop third, man.
How's he doing?
Brian Wilson 27.
Whitney Houston 24.
Oh, Wendy O. Williams 19.
I don't have any idea who that is.
Plasmatic, she's dead too.
Oh, shot her, myself.
She shot herself?
Yes.
Rick James 18, Gireli Lewis 16, Iggy Pop 11, Ted Nugent 10, Frank Zappa 7.
Well, that's enough to make me want to play, what's that thing called?
The front side of Bobby Brown.
Bobby Brown.
Hey there.
And I should play the whole thing.
Yes.
Hey there.
Can't do it.
I can't do it, police.
That's spindle.
It's the on the cue.
What does he say?
spindle.
My car is fast.
My teeth are signing.
I tell the girl they can kiss my hiding.
Anyway, we love Frank Zappa.
I'm the show we're going to play Bobby Brown all day.
Our Kelly Six, Ike Turner Six, Keith Moon 5.
He was the Moon man.
Johnny Rotten 5, Rotten of the Corps.
Alice Cooper 5, Elton John 5.
Liberace had 3, Hey Ali and Elvis 1.
Elvis 5, I don't know if he was crazy or loony, very unlucky, but he was fat and bizarre and drugged up.
And he's all drugged up.
Remember that song?
I'm all drugged up.
Just like kind of like an animal in the Corps and her whole family, feeding their kids here.
It would look pretty good for Rob before he died.
I bet he ain't looking to do it right now though.
I bet I'd probably take a pass on that.
Okay, let's see what we got here on the pool today.
Look at that Chris.
We got 778.
Isn't that great?
That's awesome.
Well, it's not awesome because I put it on 201 yesterday.
Why you gotta be talking to him?
What?
They don't have to know that.
Well, I'm, because this is the honest show.
I'm telling you right now, even though it hurts.
I put it on 201.
Well, first of all, because I didn't think that other pool was all that great.
And secondly, I was anxious to put this on here.
Because this is the kind of stuff that the audience really, they love to sink their teeth into this kind of crap.
I still think you just didn't want to see a thousand vote poll on.
Yeah.
Oh, that was it.
The most obnoxious south voter radio personality is we have 778 votes.
And look at the three-way horse race we've got here.
I don't think we have ever had a pool.
I could be wrong about that.
But I think we've ever had one with it.
I mean, we've had two-way races that were pretty tight.
But with three contenders like right out of the wire?
No, I can't recall.
No, I can't recall.
I can't recall ever.
Steve Kane, 140, which I think that's more than his audience.
A man who's basically vanished from the year was on a station that nobody ever heard.
Of that nobody knows where it's on the dial.
And nobody, even the people that work there don't know what the call of his are.
Steve Kane, 140, Sid Rosenberg, Grant Steenshwarz, 136.
That's really amazing because here's a guy who's been in the market for like five minutes.
And almost nobody knows who he is.
And yet they know he's obnoxious and discussing and revolting.
And everything that the world hates about New York City.
That's Sid the Kid, 136.
He's right on Steve's ass.
And the Humper has got 130.
And Hanker, he's right on both their ass.
That was funny.
Well, and if you're walking around with him on your ass, wow, what a heavy load to carry.
And Dan LaBaster to start to move into the running.
He's making a move.
Danny Boy has got 101.
Although I think only the top three are really contenders.
I don't think Danny is no little contendering, including in the book.
I'll don't forget two weeks from yesterday.
George.
Yeah, book.
Or do you want to burn it?
I'll get to it.
I'll get to it.
I'll get to it.
I'll get to it.
I'll get to the highlights.
Or the lowlights as they might.
No, let's say lowlights.
How about the charlites?
What about the Dan LaBaster 101?
George Rodriguez, 67, very respectable fifth, although not anywhere near those top four.
Neil Rogers, 57, he got me by 10.
Most obnoxious, soft Florida radio personality.
We're not talking about syndicated people, by the way.
Somebody sends me an email on my space this morning, oh, what about OBE and Anthony?
They're not locals.
They're not soft Florida personalities.
Okay, they're syndicated.
Do they understand the difference this audience or what?
Not.
Well, not too bad.
Jeldie 47, Stu Gotts 27, Kenny Walker 21, hey, everybody, hello.
Jim Anderson 20, Joe Rose 19, Kimba Bocapar 18, and the big old Orlando Elsa Query, he was a, I'm sorry, one of apologize to him, because he, I forgot about him.
He was an actor thought we had him on to this morning.
He's up to, he's up four out of 7.93, only four votes.
Well, who the hell gets up at that time in the morning anyway?
He's down from five to seven in the morning.
Am I right?
Yeah, even George isn't here, is he?
Of course, you know, George is from, religiously, but that's a good one.
Braddleboro Vermont, well, I had a friend when I lived in Boston, and he was early 60s.
I had a friend from Braddleboro Vermont.
He was one of the hottest looking guys I have ever seen in my life.
I just thought I'd mention that, and I forgot all about him until I saw this thing, the story from Braddleboro.
Have you ever been there?
No, I've never been here before.
Vermont's infamous naked town is under orders to keep its pants on.
On a three to two vote-town officials passed an emergency rule Tuesday banning nudity on the main roads,
and within 250 feet of any school or place of worship among other places, anyone still determined to go window shopping,
oh, not sure, I'll could face a hundred dollar fine.
Oh, where fine?
Tiny Braddleboro has long been a live and lit-live kind of place where skinned dipping was the right of summer.
Last summer, though, began flirting with a nudity ban after a group of teenagers took the hang around the downtown parking lot in the buff.
Officials decided to let them let winter take care of the problem I never voted.
Once winter came, on came the clothes.
It took an elderly man wearing only a fanny pack and wandered through the center of town last week for the select board to decide it had seen enough.
That's right.
You know that guy with a fanny pack, that's him.
There's old men there and keep it covered.
People have a reasonable expectation that when they're going out to not going to run into any nude people, said board member Dick DeGrey, who wrote the ordinance,
the nudist and their fanny still get to say the matter.
Next month, Braddleboro will hold a public hearing on whether the ordinance should be made permanent, a pubic hearing.
The ordinance defines nudity as the showing of genitalia buttocks or female breasts, a provision allows breastfeeding in public, though.
Wouldn't about what those babies have.
Board member Dura Babulis, who voted against the ordinance, worried about the president of Woodset.
I understand a lot of people find it uncomfortable to be faced with someone noot she had it, but we're careful not to legislate morality.
That's right.
If you want to run around Stark naked, well why the hell not?
I think it's a grotesque idea.
Unless of course I get to pick the people who can run around naked.
Then it's a wonderful idea.
Sure.
Well, for my friend from Braddleboro, although now he would be my age and God forbid he should be, maybe he usually have a fanny pack when it surprised me.
I've said you what else wouldn't surprise me is when I refresh this baby and I click it right now.
We're going to have 800 votes.
How do you like that?
All right.
Almost like we know what we're doing here today.
That's a real change. Maybe that's because I'm coherent today.
It's a matter of public baby, only in Miami.
About Gero.
Welcome back to the Can Go No Home Show.
We have Jim Nogel joining us a little later on.
All right man. Praise the Lord. He's a good and decent man.
How do you figure that?
Well, he's a little agent like you know. It's all he got to be.
He's the mayor of Far Lauderdale, right?
Something like that. No, he's not.
He's cleaning up for Lauderdale so it'll be okay for Jesus to go there.
Sure.
Homosexuality is a sin, man.
It's right there in God's playbook.
That's the situation.
I've got to get rid of the homos to get more dates for sport holikers like us.
That's why he calls us here at an all gay sport holestation.
Look, every man has his needs.
Just because it's only men on our mind don't make it seem like a queer or something.
At least now and then we think of a female.
Yeah.
You know? I mean, if you need some immediate sexual satisfaction, man.
You know, like right away, you can tune into us.
Sounds like you did a lot of research on this topic.
Not really. I learned it by my mosa.
I mean, our entire morning show is based on the love of men.
A real man can show his love for men and maybe steal the kids from a pretty girl.
Yeah, on a park bench or something.
That's right, man.
I put your knees together real tight and mean over and like,
just you look his from a pretty girl.
Women are just objects you occasionally pay attention to when you're already.
I mean, that's the manly way.
I mean, like, you know, dude, I put my wife outside the house when she has her monthly gusher, you know?
This coffee.
What?
Didn't you make the coffee this morning?
No, man.
Special brew.
It tastes funny.
Should be tangy.
I use an old jock strap for a strainer.
Oh, no!
Oh!
Good to the last drop.
That's what I'm hearing.
1032 at 560 W.D.Q.
I'm happy Thursday.
Don't forget it. Newland will open a Q.A.M. store.
And we've got, what, 50 of those just certificates for rivals?
Jess.
About 50?
I don't know.
811 votes is what we got on the pool, boy.
This pool is going over bigger than freaking Mary Tyler Moore and it's a real dog fight.
Or don't tell like to Michael Vic.
It's a dog fight.
Talk about sick.
We'll get to that eventually.
It's in my pile.
Steve came 145.
Sydney Rosenberg.
Cranc Swartz.
Steen.
Blurberg.
141.
And Hank Goldberg.
134.
I could say three live Jews there, but of course Steve is no longer a Jewish.
He's born again off the air, basically.
And that's what he is.
I don't know what he is.
Who?
Mr. Rigo.
Oh, I don't know.
Who used to be Jewish and used to be liberal, but now he's Mr. Right Wing, homophobic, born again, Christian, on a make-believe station.
He's got 147.
The kids got 142.
And the Humphors got 135.
It's a three-way race.
Out of 815 vote.
Man, oh man.
The most obnoxious south Florida radio personality.
Speaking of obnoxious, Bill Perenza should be reassigned and not permitted to return his director of the National Hurricane Center,
according to a special team sent to investigate the management crisis at the center.
Well, it's a damn good thing they're ain't no hurricane during down on Florida right now because they got all kinds of attores going on there.
The team's final report released this before the beginning of a congressional hearing on a matter-set point has become a divisive force at the center and lost the confidence of much of his staff.
I think part of it may have been that every time there was like a cloudless guy who would go to the window and open him up and stick his finger off the window.
In the wake, in that kind of like the way they run this radio station, that's what they do.
Nope.
Jolly Joe, he goes to the window or sticks it to the sticks to the thing, a finger off the window.
Nope.
How do they run?
They don't.
In the wake of a staff meeting, yeah, this thing about the pot being closed with the feet every day, you know, you need to go into the clearance right now and jump up and down on his desk like Rumble Stiltskin say,
cut the crap already, will you please?
Nope.
No why?
No, because he's not going to care, so why would I waste my time?
Well, screw him.
No.
In the wake of a staff meeting, Perenza was placed on the definite relief last week from the center, also known as the Tropical Prediction Center.
The current TPC director should be reassigned and not allowed to return to his position at the center so the report by the team.
This should be done due to his failure to demonstrate leadership within the TPC rather than his public statements about the quick-skat satellite or no-a-leadership.
I don't think we can say quick-skat.
What more do you need to say to the choice?
Anyway, they were retestifying this one to a congressional committee investigating the situation at the forecasting center in West Dade County.
Well, how do you like that?
Well, there's one that results playing crash, you know, so that really short five foot runway they got.
I don't understand how that happened.
Great, great.
That's probably a good lesson to a lot of you people out there.
I don't want to pick on any Brazilians because I'm sure we may have one or two out there listening, but do not be a flying into life-betanable countries and 10th world countries and places that what they have a lot of playing crashes all the time.
Did you see that runaway?
Yeah, yeah.
It's about as long as I own it.
By the end of the world.
Slick.
Yeah, slick.
And they hadn't put the grooves yet in the new pavement. They hadn't the groove yet.
So, you know, we could play a feeling groovy.
Probably not a good idea.
Because a lot of people died.
They'll be making a joke when a lot of people died.
819 votes on the poll today.
How is Orlando doing?
He's holding up the rear.
He's got back home only five votes.
But again, he was a late addition.
I mean, he's easy to forget about because he's on, you know.
Now, what about the default?
I mean, he's not on the air right now.
He's on the floor.
Do you want to put him on there?
Nope.
No.
Why not?
Because he's not on the air right now.
He's unemployed.
That's someone just saying.
But he's a South Florida radio person.
I don't know if you, you know, whatever you have a lot of leeway to that term.
You don't want to put default on there?
What about the default?
Yeah, I do something.
Put Jeff DeFloris down there, please.
Because I don't want to leave anybody out.
I absolutely want to puke.
Do we know how about Jim DeFetus?
Do we want to put him on there?
The 800 pound gorilla?
Tell us.
We'll put it on there if you want.
Jim DeFetus.
820 votes.
So King 147 Rosenberg 142 and Goldberg 138 sounds like a freaking law firm.
King Rosenberg and Goldberg in Schwartz.
And Daniel Abancet, boys, they've got 101.
You've got 72 and I've got 58.
59.
You got me by 13 votes.
Pricedcubus are considering filing charges against some Caesar's Indiana casino patrons who walked
away with too much cash from a fat malfunctioning slot machine.
You know something?
This is a pile of crap.
If it's malfunctioning, that's the casino's problem.
If it's poured me out $80 million, I'll take it.
Especially after last night.
Not good.
Harrison County prosecutors have asked the Indiana State Police for a casino video,
tips on the evidence from the machine that malfunctioned last July.
It was a malfunctioning machine, man.
It's a chief deputy prosecutor, John Cohen.
Caesar's law is 487 grand of patrons who use the machine installed with new software that wasn't designed for US currency.
The machine gave gamblers $10 credit for each dollar they put in.
I like that.
A Caesar spoke from and said some of the players returned the money after being contacted by the Southern Indiana casino,
but he didn't know how many or how much they returned.
Stupid bastards.
Why would you do that?
Really.
The investigation was still pending partly because it's taken longer than expected to obtain casino records.
A decision of whether to bring charges could come within a couple of weeks.
This is a bit of an unusual case because you've got to go back and piece together who did what?
Caesar's found out about the mistake when Catherine Ford of Louisville Kentucky noticed the slot machine had registered $200 when she put in 20.
She and her husband alerted Caesar's employees, but by then more than two dozen gamblers had played the device, the machine.
Well, what a bitch.
She alerted the employees.
What an idiot.
There's always one, isn't there?
Yeah, there's always got to be some goody-touches bitch.
I only put in that $20, it gave me $200 credit.
Well, geez, I just keep shoving the money in there, put in about $500, you're going to get what?
$5,000.
$5,000, Dumbo.
Ford told the career journal of Louisville.
She thought it was unfair to go after patrons when a slot machine, Janzen, gamblers lose money, they don't get a bank, she said.
It doesn't work in reverse, Ford said.
They need to forget it and move on.
Cohen said, criminal intent may be involved when people played a machine that they knew was faulty.
Where do you know what Louis is?
It's tough, but Anna's.
Yamama's so soft and hell, that's what I say to the casino.
And how are they going to prove it anyway?
I mean, I know they've got the videotapes, they're taping it.
If you pick your nose, man, they're watching you.
If you cut the cheese, man, they're watching the festivities, even, they're smelling it.
Up there in a control room.
In that big, master control room, where they put the machines on slow cook.
On the death program where they keep, you keep hitting the button and nothing happens for like half an hour, 45 minutes, hour, two hours, three hours.
It's the death mode.
The only thing better than the death mode is the Paiala.
A21 on a world famous pool.
What's Christine thinking?
Well, let's get to a thousand first and then we can go for the moon.
Who's gonna get Ricky up low?
In an effort to slam dunk child homo obesity.
This station presents Cherokee, Lonel.
Big challenge tip of the day.
Hey, kids.
Mr. E. M. Hohoz.
Ranae Apple.
Stay tuned to this station for another Cherokee Lonel's big challenge tip of the day.
5, 5, 5, 5.
1044, 16 to 11 and 5, 60 to WQM.
I have a thing that Michelle is going to go by like grease lightning, whatever it all means.
What is grease lightning?
Well, lightning is very fast and if you put grease on it, it's even faster.
Oh, if you grease it up, what about the lightning?
831 votes.
I know somebody on the lightning I'd like to grease up, but that's beside the point, Brad Richards.
Don't go into that.
Oh, speaking of that kind of stuff, the Roman Catholic arts dies.
He's submitting a Saturday sexual abuse lawsuit that named the priest who acknowledged having
inappropriate encounters with former US representative Mark Foley.
How do you like that?
Let Miss Foley.
The settlement was announced yesterday in the lawsuit unrelated to the Foley case, a man who was an author boy.
At St. James Church in North Miami led to the Reverend Anthony Marciacra, especially abused him in the 1970s
when he was about 13 years old, not the Reverend Deoghye.
The man identified only as John Doe, 26, Clint Marciacra, molested him in the church's build tower after a bicycle ride together.
I wonder if they were on a bicycle built for two?
Cute.
The lawsuit was filed by October 25 about a month after Foley, a Florida Republican resigned from Congress after his sexually explicit computer messages to a young male pages surfaced.
His lawyer later said, Folkie, Folkie.
What word did you say?
I said, Folkie is in the Poke.
Wow, maybe a little bit too much Poke.
I like Poke music.
His lawyer later said, Folkie was alcoholic gay and had been molested as a boy by clergymen.
Well, that's a good excuse. Yeah, that's a good name for him. Mark Foley.
Marciacra later said he massaged Foley in the nude and they swam naked together, but did not have sex with Foley.
Well, I think that, you know, that's a good thing for your family priest to be doing, to give you a little massage and swim naked.
The lawsuit is several more than $10 million in damages, in terms of the settlement where confidential said the man's attorney Jeffrey Herman.
Marciacra's retired to the island of Malta in Europe as attorney. They offered Grec.
I wonder if he's kind of top-drecked to find comment because he wasn't aware of the settlement of the lawsuit.
Folkie's an email to our taxi spokeswoman, and we're not returned.
Seven months of awesome and reached in two separate lawsuits alleging sexual abuse by another far-reformer south-float of freestyledority.
The terms of the settlements are confidential and message letteredorities attorney David Bogan Schultz was not immediately returned.
One of the lawsuits claimed already sexually abused the boy starting when the travel was nine during the 90s at St. Vincent's Church in Margate.
The sexual abuse occurred between 1996 and 2000, while the boy was unconscious or semi-conscious after bingeing on drugs and booze, according to lawsuit filed in 2004.
According to Florida Law, there's no statute of limitations that the victim is under 12.
Criminal charges are still pending against the authority who worked in the arctisys for three decades before being placed on administrative leave in 2002.
Dirty's been the subject of at least 10 sex abuse lawsuits against the arctisys, including a new lawsuit filed yesterday by a man who claims the priest sexually abused him in the mid-70s when he was about 12 years old at St. Anthony's.
The man who was named the seeking more than $25 million in damages.
All you people that keep putting money in a plate every Sunday, I hope you're really pleased to know what money's all doing a wonderful thing.
The pretty lot of the children is a one set.
Seven lawsuits against the arctisys filed yesterday in June 15, named Dirty and five other priest and claims of sexual abuse of a child.
These brave victims who are coming forward are really helping begin the healing process, Herman said.
First, there was squealing and now there's healing.
Sherry and Weston says to Neil and George, and I have no idea who he is.
No, neither I can't make it happen.
Nice, thank you.
It's a fact of like a little cartoon and something I can see that it says, I don't know, who fathers, what does it say?
I don't know.
I have no idea.
Because it didn't come out of the office.
Thank you, Sherry.
Thanks, Sherry, from Weston, but it's just a black bluer.
So whatever it was, I'm sure it must have been very entertaining and even amusing, but I haven't got no idea what it was, Sherry.
Rhymes with it.
But nevertheless.
Okay, let's take a look at how this hot contest is going over here.
Don't forget Rivals.
Rivals Waterfronts, Sports Grill, Hollywood is where we have the certificates, $100 certificates for $50 bucks.
We got 50 of those and starting around noon will open wqm.com.
I wonder if it's going to be like last week, remember that?
I don't know.
The way to the red break.
We went into the break.
They opened the thing up right before noon.
And that's when they came back and come.
But I assume they're coming in today.
Nobody told me.
Who's coming in Rivals?
It's Thursday, isn't that the way you're going to work?
Yeah, I'm going to send you something.
The Duff is really, I don't know, we dropped the balls on this one.
Barney said yesterday about $11.30.
Oh, excellent.
Yeah, see there you go.
George always picking on people when you don't know the facts.
Always starting to pick on anybody.
Pick it on poor mom to ask it.
I don't think this is even much of a count.
He's just correct.
He's on vacation also.
Barney Miller is a care.
Oh, mom is on vacation.
I don't know.
Where did she go?
I don't know.
The most of Nachos South Florida radio personality.
We have 834 votes, but I'm going to click that baby again.
837.
They're coming in in chunks and that's because we got a phenomenal horse race.
Steve came 148.
Sid Rosenberg crant short, Steenberg 147.
Hank Goldberg 138.
With the three of them there, there will be 10 votes to part separating them.
Dan LaBasterd is, you know, he's given the good shot, but he's a little short like usual 104.
George 73, Neal 59.
Yolte's got 52 votes.
No, we have two of the most of Nachos.
Not the squeakyest of them all.
I noticed Fasi Roxy was doing a recorded spot this morning instead of Yolte.
Correct.
Is the squeak factor involved in that?
Is that what the cells, I guess?
I'll go because I never realized before I heard that spot how much alike they sound.
Roxy burns Steen and Galvia.
They squeak together.
Galvie's got 52, Stugot's 28, Jim Mandage's 22, Kenny Walker's 21, Joe Rose's 20, Kim
O'Kamper's 19, Orlando Elsa queries got only 5.
Jeff the 4, so he got a vote, I told you, and Jim DeFeeders don't have any.
I guarantee if we could vote by the pound, Jim DeFeeders even blows the hump or away, and me, and everybody.
Jim DeFeeders, they giant in the radio industry.
Now what did he have that he was in the hospital for or something there?
What do you have?
Fat.
He had fat, he had wall-to-wall fat.
Hey Doc, I got a fat problem.
Can you help me?
Can you come and do something?
Stick along.
What do they call that?
Liposuction?
That's something they call it, yeah?
Where they stick the long, and they suck out the fat.
Suck the fat out of your fanny?
Suck the fat off my fanny, and off my ass, and off my tripple.
Suck the fat off my tripple, guess my name.
But anyway, we don't have time for that.
It's too long, it's not really a bit, sure it is.
Is it you like it?
Yeah, really?
You like it?
Maybe I do.
You like it?
Man, you talk about beating me to the punch I hadn't even hit the button yet.
Punch.
A new appraisal that Alcott is back in business fueled an angry democratic clamor for George Bush to win the war in Iraq, and focused on limiting with some of the law of research and network.
Of course, people forget, including the media, that before the Iraq attack, there was no Alcott in Iraq.
There were no such things, but that was some, you know, he worked some mysterious ways.
The latest U.S. National Intelligence Testament released this week received acrimomial arguments over whether Bush has made the U.S. more or less vulnerable to terrorism, as if there was some kind of debate.
The administration pushed its line that the U.S. is safer, but not yet safe, as a result of the sanctions that the New Front of the War on Terror in Iraq.
It's the war on terror.
Atomit that Alcott wants to foothold and Iraq to spread their poisonous ideology, Bush said the group responsible for 9-11 strikes, would have been a heck of a lot stronger today, had we not stayed on the offense.
The NIE's key judgments on the terrorist threat to the U.S. conclude that Alcott is gaining strength in a lawless zone of Pakistan on the border with Afghanistan.
We said again, they're growing or getting strengthened.
What do I tell you about that place?
Tour of the Smothinins.
The NIE's name, Omeda Pelle, who's first name begins with the House.
Nice. I'll meet you on that one.
Let's put it get out of the meat.
The as a result, which is the U.S. currently is in a heightened threat of our midst of the report considered the considered view of U.S. spymasters and analists.
It's said Alcott is protected to regenerate key elements of its homeland, attacking the ability, including a safe haven in the Pakistan, federally administered tribal areas, operational attendance and its top leadership.
In Pakistan, that's what we should have blown up and Saudi Arabia, those two.
Firstly, we should have gone to Saudi Arabia and hooked our...
SHU!
...to the oil of fields, and then we should have blown the rest of it up, including that the Bandar, Bush, all those that whole royal family, bunch of royal pains in the ass.
What's wrong with corruption? What's wrong with that?
Nearly six years on from the non-eleven attacks was killed about 3,000 people. Bush critics, demated, and no other prime architects are still on the run and redouble the calls from early withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq.
It's called obfuscation is what it's called, boys and girls. It's called the clout of smoke.
All after almost six years, awesome sacrifices by a brave man and woman in uniform, hundreds of billion dollars spent, were no safer than we were after non-eleven said Barack Obama.
This is a consequence of why Jim has scutted a war in Iraq that should never have been authorized and failing to seize the opportunity to do lasting harm to the extremist networks that pose a direct threat to our homeland, he said.
It's time to act to correct those mistakes and the first step is to get out of Iraq because you can't let a war when you're on the wrong battlefield.
The intelligence report maintained that al-Qaeda in Iraq has become the most visible and capable affiliate of bin Laden's network with an intent to attack the U.S.
Isn't that wonderful? Isn't that nice? That he lies. They weren't there before before we threw Saddamak, but now they're there in the heaven of field.
The Iraqi branch helps al-Qaeda as a whole to energize the broader, so many extremist community raised resources and to recruit and indoctrinate operatives including for homeland attacks.
Former Senator John Edwards with a slick haircut said the NIE was proo positive that Bush's war on terror was nothing more than a bumper sticker and Iraq was a dangerous diversion.
The administration has failed America six years after 9-11. Bin Laden is still alive. Al-Qaeda is more powerful now than ever before and we have fewer allies, he'd be saying.
That's John Edwards with a slick haircut and the wife with the abreast cancer.
With the rare all-night session of the Senate Tuesday and Wednesday Democrats, battle the new to force a plan through to get the U.S. combat troops from Iraq home by the end of April.
But despite help from several Republican rebels, they fell short of the 60 vote supermajority and the 100 member chamber.
What was that guy's name again? Mark Fokie.
Oh, yes.
The belongs in the Pokey.
I wonder if he's came to Mike Stokey. Stokey, whatever his name was.
Panamon Quizz with Hermione, Ginghold and Hans Connry.
Chicken I can remember is that and he and I are the only ones.
That's what happens when you get old.
Remember a lot of useless crap and people are like, what do you talk, what you be talking about?
And then you say, who's Wendy O'Williams?
And then George looks at Chris like, oh my god.
I mean, that's ancient anyway.
Yeah. Who is she?
She was the lead singer from the plasmatics and now she's dead.
She's dead.
What about Terry Cantos?
He's still dead from Chicago.
Who?
Terry Cantos, but a gun to his head.
A bunch of bang, you know.
His plane Russian will let with all full chambers, with Maryland chambers.
856 votes on her.
Devo's got a pair.
How do you like that?
Jim DeFeedus don't have any.
People are afraid if they touch, if they vote for him, that the fat's going to rub off.
God, God.
What do you think he weighs about 81500 pounds?
I don't know how tall he is.
He's a big boy.
He's about three feet tall and about 10 feet wide.
500.
Jim Fee, think he weighs 500?
Easy, sure.
Oh my god, you kidding me?
They have to put in, you know, those meat scales they have like at the supermarket?
That's what they put him on.
I hang him by a hook.
I heard he hasn't got on the way station for that.
That's not a meat scale.
I can't tell you what kind of hook it is though.
I think it's called Schmitthook.
I think that's what the Germans call it a Schmitthook.
That's bad, that was really bad.
That was a cheap shot at Jim DeFeeders.
So I'm sure it's a brilliant broadcaster, not, but he's fat.
Makes me feel like skinny atlas.
The most obnoxious soft voter radio personality.
We only need to give you those top three.
You got to have hyperfiber.
Look at that.
We got a dead even, even Stephen.
Mr. Ego Steve came on 50, Sid Rosencrantzburg, so it's 415 and the Humbers got 142.
We got a battle going on, baby.
143.
Huh?
143.
143, what?
20S, that 142.
Oh, for the Humper.
Oh, excuse me, I'm still a little bit.
Oh, 144 now, behind.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is your brain.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, wow.
Any questions?
What should you do it on the slide?
How just put my fees?
Worthing they belong
You wanted to be
Be all alone
But I have to see in 17B
You pushed my leg over but I survived
I think it just made a foe
You saved my leg, take the new room
I'm not homosexual
But I know my bitch
When I see more
Yes you got a nasal form
Saying my first smell you can't stand
Yes that bite was almost canned
Because you were little foe
Gosh how I hate women
But I'm not homosexual
No we don't have
No you're not homosexual just gay
Just happy that's all gay and happy
It's the eleventh or two at five sixty-one
And the dog, thank you dog
How could we have forgotten this name for our list today boy
Right, a gastronoma
How about you, Fern?
I think we should do it over
Start over again
We see you're just doing that because you jealous of the fact that we got 800 and...
Yeah, 800 and so on
And you know we're going to make a thousand easy
Maybe even though this is all all the way through to David
That would be... no I'm talking about Trump
But it happened around 1230ish
And right around 12ish will be doing that thing with the rivals' gift certificate
No they're not gift
They're like whatever they are
Certificates
878 votes on the pool
And that top spot man in the biggest A-hole
The most obnoxious self-photo-radio personality
Is really up for grabs as somebody here
But Mr. Ego continues to naiously hanging on
Hank Goldberg's with up
The Humper though is right on their tail now
Well it takes a little while from getting the energy up
You know, he's going to take a lot of extra oxygen
He gets that...
He gets that...
Once he gets the big mow going
Steve came off at 56 and Rosencrantz 151
And Hank Goldberg at 150
Wow
And look at that George has got me beat by 20 votes now
You've got 79 and I only got 59
A rad
Paul Castro, what we got him on there now or what?
Yes
Thank you so much
Jim DeFeedus, he can't get a vote nobody even knows who the hell that is
And Castro nobody would have any votes for you just put him on there
Oh he'll get a bunch
Hank's in second now
Hank just passed Steve Rosencrantz Schwartz by a vote
156 from Mr. Ego 152 for Hank and Sid Rosenberg 151
I should just sit here and read the poll numbers all day
Because this is like election night
Back in the day before they had all these projections
You know when like 10 people voted
Well we've projected and we've seen those projects
The poll's just closed two minutes ago
And Ohio goes to Bush you know like that
You know what I mean? Back in the day before you guys were born
And most of you were listening were born
It used to be pretty exciting election night because they...
You know, they would wait till the votes came in
While we got 4% of the vote in New York
And you know, Schwendrich's got 10 votes
Whatever it was
And they actually counted votes
Now they have all this exit polling
And of course isn't that interesting?
The exit polling in 2004 showed that Kerry was for sure going to win that election
Isn't that interesting?
Including in Ohio
But no, surprise!
Surprise!
Because those of you who thought you voted for Kerry about
There may be 5-10 million of you
You actually want to vote for Bush
There's that Tony Harris again
Oh, into court
Yeah, seriously he needs to be taken out
For a long walk
Wow, he just...
He gives me spielki's Tony Harris
I don't know how can he be on the air?
To me the most objectionable, I would rather watch Bill O'Reilly have sex with Panty of Canada
You!
Why then watch Tony Harris for one second?
He's just smug and obnoxious
His whole concept of his delivery is just it's uh...
Unacceptable is what it is
Oh, speaking about acceptable, Fox News yesterday presented an debate between two Iraq war veterans with opposite positions
Peter Hanks set the best for freedom.org
Said the announcement of the capture of an Al-Kadal even in Iraq was great news that continues to reinforce the fact
That we're fighting more than just a nationalistic insurgency there
Iraq will be the front line in their global war against America
John Soltz of votebeth.org replied that obviously the surge is like spitting in the ocean
We need 160,000 combat troops just for Baghdad
Unfortunately he said President Bush has destroyed the armed forces of the U.S.
And the military is completely over extended. We can't maintain these force levels. He'd be saying
When asked to speculate about the state of Iraq if the U.S. pulls out Soltz replied
That depends on how we leave. If we come up with a responsible plan like we have in the read-leven bill
It can be very different. He said further that if we stay in Iraq
Leaving American forces in this level not only destroys our ability to project force
But if strengthens Iran and Al-Qaeda. Hanks said that if the U.S. left Iraq would become a safe haven
Then part two from which Al-Qaeda could attack our allies in Europe
Soltz responded that if we continue to stay in Iraq we leave this country vulnerable to terrorist threats
From the people who attack this country in 9-11 but it'd be pretty good if we put it back
But there's some big debate about it. That's what crashed me out
All the Sun is going to shine again someday. Oh let's have a debate on that. Okay on Fox News
Sounds like some kind of Al Gore, Kami, Pinto plot
To promote that phony-beloney global warming theory, you know
And of course Al Gore invented that not those scientists it was Al Gore just like he invented the internet
So there's that big of smoke in New York
A little of that hole as you can see is a tow truck that fell into that pit
After this steam pipe, it's more like a tow truck
Or you know 890 votes on the pool. This is dramatic
This is the best race we have ever had. This is like a horse race like almost a triple dead heat
The most obnoxious software to radio personality is Steve Kane who like I said continues to
Naciously holding the lead 156 Hank Glorberg the Humper is making his move now
Watch out for those big fat people once we get a little momentum
154 and Sid Rosen Schwartz grants Berg
152 Danny LeBansfield 106 he's like hanging around but he's not really going to run
We got a three-way horse race aren't you excited? This is the most exciting thing since before Greg Reed got
Can't and any fraternity was like promoted or something well he's going to be leaving do a pursue other endeavour
Is he's going to be a consultant to the you know and then they shoved him over on the other side to power how long did that last how many a day
30 seconds that last of all that all about anyway I have any idea adult
Some really strange things happen at building outside in that company
Strangely that all depends on who's flashing which naked pictures on which particular day I'll certainly it doesn't have to do with good Britain business practices
We're making money or anything no monkey business practice sure we're not we're not in the business of business when the business of monkey business
Keeping the faith
Well, this is a good story. This is funny. Do you have a pioneering spirit where the recent ad in the Jewish
Week newspaper of New York are you searching for a meaningful community where you connect a difference
But the generations of American Jews the pitch had a familiar ring but this was not an invitation to settle the promise land
It was a call to be populate New Orleans New Orleans the city less known for its Jewish culture than for its shellfish sin and pre-litten carnival
New Orleans Jewish population fact has long been a subtle but important ingredient in this curious dish of a city
But its numbers are always small have declined precipitously since Hurricane Katrina of the 10,000 Jews in the area before the storm 7,000 remain
With fewer Jews paying members some synagogues and Jewish service agencies have been kept afloat by donations from Jews around the country
But the bulk of the largest provided by nonprofit and Jewish women these dries up at the end of the year
The Jewish women is by no means New Orleans most afflicted demographic but Jewish leaders don't want to see a single Jewish institution closed
They don't want to they don't want to consolidate any of the seven synagogues into a hubbod centers that offer a full range of religious observance
The issue is plain we need people said Jackie Gough at present of congregation Beth Israel a modern orthodox synagogue that seemed more than 40% of its members move away OEV
So Jewish New Orleans has cooked up a novel solution a recruitment drive with an ad campaign crafted by an Israel
Why don't they just open up a bunch more delis would be a good idea wouldn't that be a way to go?
To share a way to play play
And ad campaign crafted by an Israeli public relations from the cities Jewish leaders are hoping to attract at least 1,000 Jews to the city over the next five years
Won't you please move to New Orleans?
They will appeal a potential pilgrims better nature stressing the Jewish I don't think there going to be that many Jews or anybody else move to New Orleans because there are too many desperate fartsures there right now and that's not good
The whole demographic of that city is like upside down and of course that's the main reason that the Bush administration didn't care about New Orleans because a lot of dark folks there say chocolate city like Ray Nigan would say
And because he's so incompetent such a Nigan head Nigan head are they reelected him he's a fool
Anyway these are going to people are going to appeal the potential pilgrims better nature stressing the Jewish concept of to Kuhl Alam Hebrew for the healing world or in this case healing a broken city
Isn't that a good reason to move somewhere because the city is all screwed up and it's only sluppers are served
That's a good reason to pack up your craft move there not
They also plan to remove cash starting next month any Jew who's relocated to New Orleans since January one will be eligible for up to $50 for moving and housing expenses
Infra Street loans of up to 30 grand half price to which net Jewish day schools and year free membership at a synagogue in Jewish community center and for free humiliation next forum
The concept was hatched in part by Michael J. Wyle an economist who moved here from Israel October to have the Jewish Federation
The umbrella group for the city's Jewish agencies and programs as they can maybe they can get a little blitzkrieg to move there
And then have another flood as a consultant the Israeli government while help settle thousands of Jewish refugees is reelected to collapse of the Soviet Union
The New Orleans benefits were based in part on the salt cl-kilt clita clita. That's not something sexual
Yeah, the word is a mask it offered a new Israeli newcomers. I sell clita. I think he played for the A's third base
The recruitment drives friends from a announcement that city officials have done a poor job targeting New Orleans progress in two years since Katrina the Jewish community will have to get that message out to the people on its own while said
I would hope that nobody's going to move here just because of the incentive package but it will be a lubricant while said oh geez a lubricant
We can't sit around waiting for the road home program and these other things to take place because we want that to be in that great better place tomorrow
Road home is a state program that distributes federal funds for Katrina recovery efforts the only recruitment and that's run thus far the one in New York's Jewish week was paid for by Yuri Topolsky
A rabbi recently chose to leave congregation with Israel Yuri Topolsky. I wonder if he's came to what's that soccer player?
It has to be a soccer player. I can't think of his name
It tells the Jewish Federation of Greater New Orleans substance and he's in the chance to join an inspirational rebuilding ever Lucas Padolsky
That's the soccer guy who Lucas Padolsky he know Christiano what's his name?
Ronaldo the Federation will begin running its own ads this year in the nation's Jewish newspaper
So far Jewish leaders have attracted only a few newcomers such as Hal Carp, a former magazine writer from Dallas is moving here to teach in the public schools
But I've been put away last year. You know how a failure than us, Nalins, what a horrible place even before the hurricane
A grotesque sore, a tourlet of dump of place. But you know it's the big easy the big easy
Life by cliche that's unfortunately what the world is all about life by stupid ass cliches
It's the big easy as opposed to the small hard
I know something about that. I'm sure you do
I know. 1113 at 560 WDQA and let me take about a great offer for first time home buyers
Even if you have no money down or no credit at all you could buy into courts of Oakland Park
Just call this number to find out how 954 564 3739 it's true with zero down zero closing
Conancedly by a condo and own rather than rent just sign and move its Guadantheed
Call Fabian at 954 564 3739 and he'll walk you through the easy process
But hurly because they're nearly 85% sold out if you've been employed in the past two years you can qualify
What's the catch there isn't any? If you have an F and they have an HFHA program that's funded by the federal government
For first time home buyers all you have to do is call Fabian at 954 564 3739 to get started
The courts at Oakland Park you'll find them at the corner of 41street and Andrews Avenue
Zero down zero closing just sign and move that's it go see Fabian at the courts at Oakland Park today
Or call 954 564 3739 step up the ownership at the courts at Oakland Park
Here's that number one mode time 954 564 3739
Just just just just just just just just tell me what your problem is
He's hanging on man he's got a one swim one boat lead over not so slim
In the media I see what trouble with cabbillie
It's also hard to feel it
She's been nice slavery in her factories
She and husband gives raised their fist
Said clothing places like that don't exist but we know better than that
Those bad acts make her a slide
With fame there's no sweatshaw
Thanks to the dives I know for work all day they ain't big smiles
They ain't big smiles
118 to 560 WTQ AM Happy Thursday 2 and 4 we got a major development on the world famous pool on the O'Rodgers.com
The hopper is moved into the first place they said it couldn't be down but he said it's tight
It's tight as a witches butt
The most obnoxious software radio personality Hank Goldberg 163 Steve Mr. Ego Kane 162 and Sid Rosen Schwartz has got 156
Only 7 both separating them of 3
Out of 917 votes by the way George yeah
Put the pool on at 2 o'clock yesterday what else should we have we should already have like 1200
Okay, we were kicking and if we were kicking an ancient style like back when we used to work in radio remember
Hank some first I do remember but what did I just get through saying what did I just get through saying and he said oh Hank's in first place
You are such a schmuck yeah, no Schmendrick Schmierle Schmigaggi Schlemazel English Schmendrick
Well, what is wrong with what did I just get through saying I missed it for a second
I may start taking calls again
Please don't just so you have to screen them no I don't want to want to on screen
No, I actually turned them on to their for the first time in weeks I don't know why
You'll see any coming in because they don't expect me and you know something like because jolly fat ass Joe Bell thinks he's such an expert on this show and on radio
I think things have been going extraordinarily well since I stopped taking the calls if you ask me I could be wrong about that
I'm not having any difficulties at all and rambling on for four hours every day and reading some fine and interesting crap and just be asking all I want
That's fine but every now and then you might want to take a call QIM
Sorry, Sally!
Oh I'm leaving you Neil I'm leaving after 15 years yeah there you go
That's fat boy's boyfriend by the way if anybody out there doesn't know
Nobody at QIM hello
Hey Neil! Yes sir!
I am honored that you took my call and I just did something in your honor I ate the fish food off the lid while driving in my car
Great congratulations okay I hope you get blood sugar up to 900 and drive off the road
WQIM hello!
I know I know about it!
Okay sir!
Yeah I got a question for you I've been listening to you for over 20 years
Wow!
When I used to listen to you I don't remember what station it was
What Steve King followed you in the afternoon was that on 610?
Yeah I would be you
But I gotta tell you you know I worked night for a while and I was driving the other night home from who appears
And all of a sudden I hear this guy in the radio I'm scanning through the AM
I couldn't get but like one or two stations
And I thought it was him I don't know but he like you become like born again or something
That is correct yes he's born again Christian now and he's about to 400 children
And he's a crazy person yes
But you guys I gotta tell you that when the day when you guys feel like they're so great over you know
They'll laugh each other when he came in after you he goes have some great great arguments man
Guys sir you guys are funny man
Okay thanks man okay see you man see you buddy
Thanks guys well let me refresh this baby because this now now it's gonna be interesting okay
They said that they couldn't catch Mr. Remo but the hopper I told you big fat guys like me
We're a little slow getting going look at that he's pulling away now 166 to 162
And sits on both their tail 158
This is great
This is great great drama
That's what the old drama queen says I know drama believe me I've had some recently
Wow 931 votes
There's nothing worse than drama that's what you know who told me that the Dalai Lama
Really?
And your mama WQA and hello
City Lama socks and hell QAM
QAM
Somebody QAM hello
Hey Neil how you doing okay sir
Long time no talk to yeah and I'm sure you like it that way
Yes
Regarding your poll
The other besides the top three all being Jewish
What else do they have in common?
New York
New York that could be a new off thing I never thought about that very good point
Well they all three used to be Jewish till Steve became born again because he found that it was you know politically expedient
And was going to make him lots and lots of money and really popular on a station that nobody can find with ratings that don't exist with a point
Like that
Look at the way these phones are exploding now man so old news taking calls today wow
Don't know expect this to happen again anytime soon but
So what do you think of them so far?
Oh they're great best of them
Not as good as the days when you're on though never know WQA and hello what's in your wallet?
WQA and hello Goldie rules
Yeah, okay girl these are now
And stores where have a little bit of difficulty maintaining any kind of momentum here WQA and hello
Yeah, how you doing just one thing thanks
Thanks for the uh the uh men restaurant this counts on the uh on the website they're fantastic
Really great idea that you're doing this and I appreciate it it shows that you do care about your listeners and that you're willing to uh you know what I hope to do
Like this is like this is my idea like I invented is the sales thing you know that come on come on
But you went through it anyway wouldn't you?
No
See ya
Yeah come on I care about my listeners you should live so long pal
Well I care about the loyal listeners who will help to keep me going here 31 and a half years
Of course I care about them I love each and every one
So what was that really bad news about the dolphin tickets that we're referring to?
Because I know that somebody hasn't read that yet I don't want them to get all of them and it's not really bad news
It's just you know sometimes you have to wait a little extra for good things you know
And they'll give you a great opportunity of good excuse to meet and greet and one of my favorite people on there which you haven't yet
Hopefully you have me and me and greet me some more halfway between us so I don't have to schlep all the way down to Yelim's belt
Like I said I think it's really bad news for him
That he's going to have to continue with you it looks like it's supposed to come August 1st
I'm not coming back down there I'll think of that
See the good news is the station of the movie
Hopefully he's doing some work today and not listening that'll be good because he'll be depressed
And then I'll probably get uninvited lunch because if I come empty handed forget about it Neil
Who wants to see your fat ass you know
That would be me excuse to bring something else
Do you think absolutely what was it absolute absolutely W and H.O.
Bim co-campers of fairy
W and H.O.
W and H.O.
When is this Neil yes
Yes it is one to two hour got pretty embarrassing
Why is that
He had on Gildey on his voice got so high
What was the reason for that for what for your voice getting so high my voice didn't get high
It's a tell-drawer to meet him wherever whenever and that's not because he's going to meet you
That's because he wants to get his hands on those tickets and stuff like that
My good friend the professor you see how few seconds it took for that message to come through there on my crackberry
As soon as it buzzed I know exactly what it was from
That's you know
But um
He'll meet you wherever and whenever maybe he'll even come right to your home and he can meet your lovely wife and your family
Uh-huh
Your older daughter
We can meet somewhere for lunch or something
That would be a great idea
I think that's a capital idea and of course you would buy it or I would use some of these certificates that we have
More likely
Yeah, that sounds a lot more likely to me since I don't have any money
I see well there's a real sweet message
I don't want to get distracted from the show by reading all these sweet messages because I'm a wonderful guy
And post-probably because I'll bring something beside tickets to lunch
Or David's a bitch
And he's got a lot of knowledge to talk about me that way
I don't give a crap like that very has to say
He's doing what the supposed things are guys that laugh
I'll have you know
I know what I'm talking about
Every morning at the condo I took the elevator down
And on my way to the car when I pulled my folding basket out
I gave a three condo paper
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
The toys are back and pow
And on my way to the dollar
But with the toys
But with the bees
With the toys
With the toys
And on my way to the dollar
But with the toys
I shut the door and the packet down
Why you like that
And I got a whole new spoon whole boops
I know everything that's going on in that rules.
Why I even know all the new Majot rules.
I've hit to the judge.
Daddy, hold on.
You guys are going after that.
It's about a show and I take your place.
I know I ain't no way of playing me.
But when they drop my voice, look, yay.
You little smoothies.
And the boys are the best.
And the boys are the best.
And the boys are the best.
And the boys are the best.
Oh, you're the best.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
It's the boys.
Well, a lot of pressure today, 950 votes.
We got 1,000 votes.
So there's no pressure on that.
But the pressure is on at the top of the pool, the result.
And also the pressure is that in 27 minutes we start with at the rivals
and what are front sports groups with the certificates.
Right, hold on.
So there's a lot of pressure on you folks to a hot bright on it.
Man, be right there with your PC or somebody else's PC or a BVD
and the hot on it.
950 votes.
The most obnoxious hot photo radio personality is Hank Goldberg 169, Steve
Kane 167 and Sid Rosenschwarzberg, Steve Necrance, 162.
Dan LeVastard 109.
He's like lurking in the background, but he's not going to contend.
Kind of like getting the rating.
The same thing.
Lurking in the back, but just a no-no-go contender.
Danny LeVastard, boy.
George Rodriguez, 85.
I only have 62.
You got me by 23 votes.
I think he got me licked.
All right.
Gildey 58, Stu Goss 29, Kenny Walker 24.
Hey, everybody, loud, no, no, no, no.
I'll kidbox every 23.
Jim Man is 22, Joe Rose 21, and then it's way on down to the big O with 9.
Castronova's got 8.
And of course, when you're on for 100 hours a day, how obnoxious can it be?
Who would put up with it anyway?
Yeah, I don't know how that would continue between Castronova's beyond until like what?
Till midnight and Gildey on over there.
It's a miracle we still got an audience.
Jeff DeFloris has got two, and Jim DeFetus, he ain't gotten on.
Wouldn't you think that if he, you know, when you weigh 600 pounds,
would you think somebody just out of sympathy would vote for you?
9.55 on our poll.
You did what?
I imagine.
Somebody would want to vote for you.
I see.
Maureen does got a good comment.
I might actually read it.
Boy, I got a really a pain in the neck, you know.
Oh, man.
Although I slept two good nights in a row now.
Two straight nights.
Isn't that amazing?
Sure.
Hey, W. Bin Laden is still determined to strike in U.S. rights, Marine Dow, Marine Queen.
Fishes always, it turns out they're not on the run.
And oh, yeah, they can fight us here even if we fight them there.
And oh, one more thing.
After spending hundreds of billions of dollars losing all these lives in Iraq and Afghanistan,
we're more vulnerable to terrorists than ever.
And um, did you know that dead or alive stuff?
We made the ones who end up dead.
Screaming White House officials had a confront the fact yesterday that everything President Bush has been spouting the last six years about outside of being on the run,
disrupted and weakened, was just guff.
Last year, W. called his personal friend General Pervert Musharraf a strong defender of freedom.
Unfortunately, it turned out to be Al Qaeda's freedom.
The White House is pinning the blame on Pervert, Pervert as Musharraf.
While the administration lavishes billions on Pakistan, including $750 million in visible attempt to win the hearts and minds and travelers,
as well as where all kind of leaders are hiding and training, President Musharraf has helped create a quiet mountain retreat,
a veritable terrorism spa for Osama and I'm in the Pymin El Zawarry to refresh themselves and get back in shape.
The administration's most thorough intelligence assessment since 9-11 is stark and dark, two pages that up to one message.
The Bushies blew it.
Al Qaeda has exploded into a worldwide state of mind because of what's going on with Iraq and Iran's hair sprawling.
I mean, I'll be more likely to consider attacking us.
Al Qaeda will try to put operatives here.
Some of those reports say a cell from Pakistan's already on Router is arrived and acquire an employee chemical biological or radiological or nuclear material attacks.
Democrats on Katsar are ineffectual but Al Qaeda and Caves get the job done.
After 9-11 W. Stop mentioning Osama's name, calling him just a person now who's been marginalized and adding,
I just don't spend that much time on him.
This week, as counterterrorism officials gathered at the White House to frantically brainstorm on covert and over plans to capture Osama,
the President may have regretted his perverse attempt to demotivate his most determined enemy.
W. began to mention Osama and Al Qaeda more recently but only to assert the same folks that are bombing innocent people in Iraq
were the ones who were attacking us in America 9-11.
His conflaceness is contradicted by the fact that Al Qaeda in Mesopotamia is the Sunni terrorist group in Iraq is known, didn't exist before 9-11.
Frantons in the President's Homeland Security Advisor did her best to put a gloss on the draws but failed.
She had to admit that the hands-off approach used by Mr. Meshere for the travel leaders in North-Wasiristan,
which always looked like a nutty way to give Al Qaeda room to regroup, was an other way to give Al Qaeda room to regroup.
It hasn't worked for Pakistan, she considered it hasn't worked for the USA.
Just as we outsourced capturing Osama at Toro border Afghans who had no motive to do it,
we're outsourcing capturing Osama in Pakistan and Mr. Meshere who had no motive to do it.
Pressed by reporters and while we haven't captured Osama, especially if he's climbing around with a dialysis machine,
Ms. Towson stiffed that she wished it was that easy.
It's not easy to launch a Trump-up order we shaped him at least into a utopian string of democracies,
but that didn't stop W. for making that audacious gambit.
The Bushes who once marked Bill Clinton for doing only pin-pric bombings on Al Qaeda say now they can do nothing about Osama
because they can't pinpoint him as Ms. Towson put it.
She assured reporters that they were harassing Al Qaeda, making it sound more like talking on Pintail strategy than a techno-presenter strategy.
We've handed up the Wazir with Waziristan. Surely they're...
Oh, she's good. Surely there are army rangers and Navy SEALs who can make the trek even if it's a no-man's land.
If we were a movie, we traced the Saline no-Sama's dialysis machine, targeted with laser and blow up the mountain.
We traced the Saline and the dialysis machine.
W. Swaggers about with his cowboy boots and gunslinger stands,
but when talking about Waziristan, last February he explained that it was hard to round up the Taliban Al Qaeda leaders there
because this is wild country, this is wilder than the Wild West.
Yes, they shoot with real bullets up there and they fly into buildings with real planes.
If W. were a real cowboy instead of somebody who just plays on TV, he would have cleaned up Dodge by now.
But he's not a real cowboy, he just wears a big hat.
He's on a gunslinger, he's a smith slinger.
As they say, is Helm which Schmidt would say in Germany?
I remember Helm which Schmidt big and fat.
He had a big and fat house in the opera doing, he's got 172.
This is still up for grabs, baby.
There's another stupid question saying, clich, it's up for grabs.
You know what my response to that is?
Grab it? Grab this, yeah.
965 votes the most I've not sh- and I'm reading the poll a lot more because we got a great race going on now
and because we're only 22 minutes away from the rivals of waterfront sports school certificates.
Well, we can do that again like we did last week.
Although I hope that this week, I'm not on it.
Well, last week there's a little more drama to it.
I've had enough drama this past month.
I don't need any more drama, drama, however you want to say it.
Clean.
No, drama queen.
Well, that's me.
And I admit it, at least I admit it.
That's me.
So apparently rivals is in the house and we'll be getting some fruits and-
Oh, see, that's all he cares about.
He's getting the free food.
He doesn't care about the fact that we got this great horse race going on in the pool.
But supposedly he's the poolmeister.
You don't really care about that, do you?
Of course not.
We knew it.
All you care about is getting the free food because you're getting paid about 75 cent an hour
because they treat you like cramp.
Well, let me ask you now that I mention it, how do they treat you?
Well, who are we?
Who is the who?
If it's the horse, it treats me very well.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What did Eric just put on here?
Yeah, I just saw two required votes for a minute.
Where did votes per minute to get to 1,000?
Too tens of a vote per minute.
What does that mean?
I guess that's, you know, we can talk to a vote for a vote for a vote.
But a guy who's got too much time on his hand.
Wow.
Eric, this man is a numbers maniac or just a maniac.
Underneath the pool result on my page here, it's got required votes per minute.
To get to 1,000 votes, we'd need 3.1 per minute.
That is based on what's left in the show, or at least when he wrote this.
Now, is that going to change also as we, let me just click that view current and see if that changes along with the pool result.
I don't know what it got smaller.
It got smaller.
He condensed it.
970 votes.
Jim DeFeed has still can't buy a vote.
Well, yeah, a lot of what you want to say is obnoxious when he's that fat.
You know, he's got the sympathy vote, wouldn't you think?
Do we feel really bad for him?
I can't, baby.
Good bye, Homer, Bedlow.
Sorry to see you going.
Even though you were Charles Lane and played a hundred roles.
We'll always know you're poor.
Over Bedlow.
You're fired.
Even when you're looking real old.
I don't have a gun.
Just like Kirk must have.
Nobody played a better drinking man with a visor on.
And I'm the only one I guess who knows who are.
I'm throwing it out.
Hey, good for you.
A chain smoker who did two hundred and two.
And a good Jew who was hyped as every thugler's care.
Now see that.
Now who's going to make sure the bread is ain't on time.
Before you check that out, bet you balanced your votes.
See you today.
I'm a reporter and I guess get a party.
Good night.
Get out.
Get high.
It's number 45 at 5.16 WQM.
By the way, I'm getting in and out here with all kinds of other rides.
The professor is very anxious to find out if you're going to send him those arrivals things, you know.
Which I really wouldn't do this on here if I'm am.
I don't want to put pressure on you as always.
He might actually have as I explained it.
We'll ask Barney Miller when he comes in here or Doug when he comes back next week.
No, you won't ask.
You will get it done for me.
I'm sure I don't have the power to make certificates.
Like I said, I'm sure you'll take care of it for me.
But I got what I got not.
You got what you got a wife.
That's what Chris was telling me before.
Yeah.
He said your wife is a very lovely lady.
No, she said this.
She's a pig.
He said she was very nice to him.
And she's always been nice to me to my face.
Absolutely.
No, she likes you very much.
Does she really?
Sure.
What's not to like?
Oh boy.
Do we have that much time left in the show?
What's not to like?
See, you're not going to take care of that thing.
Maybe better.
I told you I will talk to someone who helps you.
I want to start promising all kinds of certificates and personal friends.
I can't promise anything.
And it wouldn't even surprise me if you don't want to be a person.
I can't promise anything.
I want to be a better fit.
That there, he probably wouldn't take him.
Knowing him the way as I do.
984 votes on a poll.
Look at that.
Devo's got a pair.
And Jim DeFeedy finally got a pair.
All right.
Let's hear it for the fat man.
We got a big fat man on top.
And a big fat man on the bottom.
That sounds kind of gay to me.
The whole world will be shaken, shaking and quaking and baking.
The Humphers got 179.
This is for the most obnoxious self-order radio personality.
Not dedicated people.
A lot of people let broadcast from some other place, except for me.
And thank God I do.
Oh, brother.
Just just a notion.
Just the idea that I would be working in that studio, in that place, in that county, in that state.
So it's laughable.
Ain't gonna happen.
The Humphers 179, Mr. Ego, Steve Cain 170, which is I think three times his audience.
Sid Rosen, no shorts.
164.
The three of them are within 15 votes.
Dan LeBaster, 109.
Has in P.T. 109, remember that?
Yep.
George Rodriguez, 88, Nearoger, 64.
He got me by 24 votes.
I think he got me licked.
Joldy 59, Stugas 29, Kenny Walker, 24, everybody.
Kim Boat, 24.
And look at that.
They are on the show together in the morning, at least temporarily.
And they both got 24.
Now, do you think that's Quincen?
Nope.
Quincen think you do?
Mad Dog 23, Joe Rose, 21.
He's coming back as the rumor to QA.
And that's the rumor.
And who's that other guy, Chris, that says we already hired?
Jason Jackson.
Jason Jackson, who is rumored, could they be doing mornings with Joe Rose when they blow out this thing we got now?
Joe Rose, 21.
Podcast Noa 15.
He's on 7 to 15 hours a day.
He got 15 votes.
Orlando Alza Query, the big O, is moving up 11 votes.
And Jim DeFeedis and V4 are down there way behind 984.
Now, you think that that means that people like V4 for example.
And yet, every time we take a poll on who you like, they hit him like poison.
And look at that.
To get to 1000 votes, we need only one tenth of a vote per minute.
Since we got along, oh, we got a long way to go.
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
Well, V4 was at it kind of late.
So you know, that's true.
We got a late start.
And then probably many, many of the people who voted for other choices.
Maybe if we told them that DeFeedis was like Park, Jewish,
that would get, because it seems that Jews on this floor are doing very well.
Except for Stugat's.
Is he, is, is he Jewish?
Stugat?
Yeah, sure.
What is his name?
Oh, John Weiner.
Oh, no.
Correct.
Well, I wouldn't use that name either, yeah.
If my name was Weiner, if we want to get to 1100 votes,
eight tenths of vote per minute.
So I guess it's safe to assume we're going to get to 1100.
Based on that.
Why?
Thank you, Eric.
No, we don't, we don't care about that.
Yeah, we do.
We don't care about that.
All we care about is that this thing is coming up in 11 minutes.
And what time is it going to open?
Let me go to wqm.com right now.
Do we know for sure?
See, this is 10.
10.
What?
10 minutes according to the website.
According to the website.
And you really believe that?
Well, that's wonderful.
It's nice to get said similar.
Go to wqm.com and in the upper left it's got my picture.
And there's a square underneath that where you click where it's got meals,
half-friess deals.
And also if I were my close personal friend listening out there,
I would go ahead and buy one or two or something.
And George will reimburse you.
What?
Well, because you don't want to take care of him.
You know, when I have close personal friends that we try to take care of them.
It's not a matter of one.
You don't want to do it.
You don't want to do it.
Look, you can admit it.
You can admit it.
You rather take them home for yourself.
That's okay.
Okay, yeah.
In fact, now, do you have those two?
Do I have what to what?
I thought you said you had a pair for yourself.
I have my cut.
If that's what you mean, yeah.
Your cut?
Yeah.
How do you spell that?
My compensation, yes.
Yeah. And how many are there?
Four twenty-five dollar ones.
So that's a hundred bucks.
That's right.
Well, I'd rather send you the hundred bucks and you send those two or your friend.
Deal.
I'll send you a hundred bucks and you put those in the envelope and some wheels.
You're a close personal buddy.
That's right.
Well, you guys are getting pretty close.
Okay, this said on sale Thursday at noon.
See, I take care of my friends.
Unlike some people who like making excuses, you know.
Why don't know if I can do that?
See, I don't take-
I don't take no for answer, George.
If somebody wants something that is something that's not the ability to work out of me.
I'll get a hundred bucks than I would, you know.
But I don't.
I'll whip it out.
I bet.
Now, let's take a look at this.
Rivals Waterfront Sports Wheel in Hollywood at 3460, South Ocean Drive.
And everybody says it's a phenomenal place.
So you're going to send those out today.
Don't forget.
Yes, I won't.
And I'll send you a hundred bucks.
Yes.
Not cash. I'll send you a check.
Whatever.
If I put cash in the envelope to that building, you think you'd actually ever get it?
I'll take a check.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure you will.
So anyway, we've got 50 of these.
And they're like a hundred dollars certificates and you get them for 50 bucks.
And you can use your credit card.
What happened?
Oh, there it is.
Mastercard Visa.
Or what is that?
Geotrust.
During God-We Trust.
What does it say on the bottom?
What's that got to do with the security?
Visa, I mean, Visa, Mastercard, I guess.
I don't know.
So that thing's going to go, but what do you, oh, you got the food now from Rival.
That's the deal of some sort.
And you can like, uh, jewel all over the place and get everybody pissed off at you.
Because you got it going on.
I had my bacon already.
This morning we used to make me, I'm making for more bacon.
About.
I'm making for something.
So where is this thing show?
Oh, quantity remaining 50.
Okay.
We have it open to the store.
And now how do we find out?
How do we know?
It's the big hand it gets to be right exactly noon.
I mean, something.
I'm asking these things and it's my show.
And it's something we're doing on this show.
And it's because Neil is so grateful to his audience and all the other crap,
which is, you know, somebody made that up.
I know I'll go out and stuff.
Yeah, go out and stuff.
He's on vacation.
See, I don't think I really have to spend that hundred bucks because I'm sure he can get
you something.
But I'll do it anyway.
Just go ahead and send them out.
I will.
I don't want to, rather than you going and eating, you need the money much worse than you need a free meal.
I mean, you get free meals there every day.
In fact, right now you got your rivals right now.
What do they bring you as a matter of fact?
Some, some wings.
So, uh, can I say D is over here.
Kisadis.
Um, Kobe beef sliders.
I knew it.
I'm going to slide right into that.
Is that what this is?
Sweet.
Spinach dip on a fajita.
Now, what exactly is that?
It's going to be the slide.
What is it?
It's, uh, it's, it's like, it's like the Neely burgers except it's a little bigger and it's
like the real steak burger, like a gourmet steak burger, and opposed to, um, you know, a regular ground
round or whatever.
Hmm.
I got mojitos coming.
Oh, the beer Chinese I kept hearing about.
Right.
Let's get 20 or 30 of those enjoy the show.
Just standing on the street corner and then I can barrel it over.
Okay.
So, I guess that thing we're going to actually open it up at noon today, huh?
I guess so.
Sounds like it.
Or maybe just a little before noon.
I guess that's what happened last week because we went into that last break and then all
of a sudden I noticed that the thing was open and within one minute it said that they were
all sold out.
Then we found out that we had a few of our deadbeats out there because, you know, on this
show we have many deadbeat listeners out there.
You know, that's the chance you take.
And some of those, the aquatic card got turned down or turned out that they were like,
uh, whatever they illegitimate children, whatever the hell the deal was.
So I'll come back to that.
In fact now I can't get off of it.
Now it's my, uh, now it's my home page.
There I finally got on.
How's that thing on the bottom here with Eric?
Oh, required hosts per minute.
We need one tentative vote per minute to get to a thousand.
Now that's ridiculous because we have 996 already.
Oh, I think I've ever had to go to the house in this hour, huh?
I think I've ever had Kobe beef before.
Good stuff, huh?
That's great.
Mmm, I want like three of these things.
I got to be a teeny.
I got to be a teeny.
See, I'm just sending a hundred bucks to you so that my close personal friend can get
those a hundred dollars worth of stuff.
And he's still, uh, still, uh, this reminds me of somebody I know here very close in personal.
This is great.
I want it.
I want it.
You'll get it.
Okay, Mr.
Hot shot.
You'll get it.
Just relax.
Yeah, this sounds really good.
They're going to get me drugs.
They're getting me licked up.
Good.
Now get them all drunk and they'll look it up so we can get them fired today.
Then he won't be underpaid.
We need point nine votes per minute to get to a hundred.
We got 996.
Let's see how this thing is coming along and then need a cap.
We got that break.
We'll call it a cap.
I think they're going to open the thing up.
The most of Noxious South Florida radio personality is Hank Goldberg 181.
Hank has opened up a lead now, maybe.
It's like a firm did Aladara in a stretch.
Hank 181 and Steve came 171 and Sid Rosencran Swarthstein, the Berg, has got 165.
And like the guy said, you know, how do you like the fact that took those calls?
It was not exciting.
It's not going to happen again.
I already shut the thing off.
Not to did.
But it was pretty good, actually.
Catch him off guard when he least expected rated.
Dan LaBaster at 109.
He's a week forth.
George Rodriguez, 88.
You'll Roger 66.
You got me by 22 votes.
Goldy 60.
Stu Baster 29.
Kenny Walker.
He's got 24 along with Kim Bullcamber.
Also 24.
Great minds working.
I mad dog's got 24.
Joe Rose 23.
Castro Nova's got 16.
Poor bastard working 20, 30 hours a day.
Orlando Baster query's got 4, 11.
11.
Jim DeFeedy 3.
Injective 4 is 2.
Now you'd assume that whoever's in last place on this is something they like.
And of course, in the case of default.
You know the hit him like poison.
OK, 1156.
This is the Brandy Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls.
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
A message from New York mayor Michael Bloomberg.
How long?
As you know, it is very hot in New York.
Very hot.
Anybody got a clock?
My forehead smiths in all day.
Thank you.
And where's my lemonade?
Anybody got it?
Thank you.
Yeah.
I'm asking all of you to try inciting a little energy.
Will you?
For starters, time off while your air conditioner is OK.
That would be nice.
You want to stay cool.
Submigrant to an abandoned section of the subway.
And snuck close to a dead homeless person.
You know, if you place their blue hands on your ass, it will keep you nice and cool.
And you can light an occasional match to watch the roaches carry empty pizza boxes away.
But if you use the match to light a cigarette, it will be shut.
Winston, face bitters like a fire.
SIGARETSUIT.
From 02560 to 0560, now this is like last week when those things went out like a lightning,
like grease lightning, use it to horrible free shagging.
We still got 20 left.
And what do you think the reason is for that?
Because the server did not crash today.
What do we got 18 left?
What does that mean?
For our last week, we had a weird count because the server got overloaded and crashed.
Yeah.
It actually took about 30 minutes to sell out.
What are you talking about?
All right, go to past deals.
Oh, so we didn't crash this time as well?
Yeah, we haven't crashed.
Oh, good.
Thank God for that.
That's good thing.
I guess whoever's going to make sure the server was a little bit better today.
So we got 15 left.
OK, these are $50.
$100 is the difference.
And you pay $50.
See, George confused me with that $25 stuff.
But you got four of them, right?
If I go.
Oh, and what do you eat now?
Chicken wings.
We're going to get a thing worth the reputation of that.
Yeah, the Kobe beef sliders sound absolutely awesome.
It's a phenomenal, like rare, just like medium rare in the middle.
14 of those babies left, OK?
So as opposed to last week when we were like in some kind of a rush, a bum's rush,
take our time and keep checking that thing out.
And the interesting part of it is this thing open right around the 10th of the 1100 votes
on the pool, like a simultaneous spasm.
If I can, oh, sorry, Joyce.
Can't say that.
12 left out of the 50.
Now who's in charge of this?
What sales hole?
Barney Miller.
Barney Miller.
None other.
We have a guy named Barney Miller.
I'd choice you not.
There's a guy named Mike.
Out of roots?
We got 11 left.
We know different mics apparently.
I guess so.
Yeah, well, I got my mic right here.
Yeah.
I got another one over here, too, as a matter of fact, the guest mic over there.
Yeah, I like that.
If you can see this set up, I've got to take a picture of this one of these days and show you this set up.
The guest mic is also, you know, on a boom mic.
Yeah, this one is supposed to take a picture.
Let's take lots of lives.
There's no place.
I guess somebody could stand over there on the other side of our stand.
I guess.
I guess I didn't like what they were saying.
I just shoved them and they go through the window right on the balcony.
I guess they could.
What would you think?
Maybe we're sold out now.
I don't know.
We got 11 left because I looked on there and you're watching us.
Around WQ.
Excuse me.
WQM.
Still got 11 left.
We kind of slowed this week.
Like I said, we got 9 left.
It was 3 minutes and we're down to 9.
Like I said, kind of slowed this up.
Last week, they were all ready and loaded for beer.
Now it's like they're kind of like, I don't know.
Well, again, last week the server crashed.
So you weren't actually getting a real count.
Oh, is that what it was?
Yeah, the server crashed.
So as far as the server knew, we were out.
If you say the server crashed one more time, your fat ass is going to crash in a minute.
Jesus, we used to have to say that.
It went complete.
Yeah, okay.
Is that better?
Well, the server?
Yeah.
We got 7 left, okay?
In other words, it's better if we do it more orderly like this.
So it means we're actually getting a legitimate count.
Yeah, because you had a 5 left.
So they'll be sold out in a minute or two.
And that's fine.
This would be the quickest sellout we've had so far.
Well, how do you know that?
You're always counting your chickens before they lay a fat one, man.
I don't understand you.
Okay.
You're always the lead.
You're Kobe beef.
The slow grinders.
Sliders.
Sliders.
Well, we still got the hard one.
Well, I don't have time to push you with that.
You keep an eye on it.
Are you honest?
Okay, we'll do.
Keep an eye on it.
Because I've got to go back to the pool.
And the pay for it.
Now let's go down to three.
We're down to three.
Good.
We have a thousand nineteen votes on the pool.
And that number isn't really important.
What is important is the result.
The most obnoxious sellout of radio personality is the Humber.
Hey!
So far.
185 for the Humber.
He's got a nine vote lead over Mr. Rigo Steve Kane 176.
And Sid Rosencrantz swarts from New York 170.
Go back to New York City, H.O.R.Y.
Poison.
Even Greg Budele didn't hate this much.
Probably because he wasn't from New York.
He was just from hunger.
Then LeBassard 109.
George Rodriguez said, I'm not going to read them all.
I just got through doing it.
But those top three keep your eye peeled on that.
That's a good race, isn't it?
I know you don't care.
You're still busy eating the food.
What?
You don't care.
You're talking to me?
God.
One thousand nineteen votes on our world famous pool.
And how many we got left on the thing, Chris?
We're back up to five.
Oh, we're going back up again now.
No, we're down to three and then it just went to five.
I'm sorry, I'll be gone in a couple minutes.
I don't like the way this is working out this way.
Why?
I don't know because I asked because last week,
you know, when the server crashed and got all screwed up,
it's spozzy, you know, you've got a whole league.
Look at this.
And now we're stuck at five.
It's going nice and methodical this week.
I don't want nice and methodical.
I want fast like grease lightning, baby.
I want a zillion people out there to be buying these things up.
Because this is a great place.
It's very good.
It is.
And we still got five of these damn things left,
which really frosted my fat ass, boy.
Oh boy, that was because Geltie was on.
If Geltie was not, maybe he was not on last week, right?
And we thought faster than you can say,
Rubble still is going to jack ass, but now we still got to five.
I think this thing is screwed up this week.
I could be wrong.
And Gerard is going to be plastered by about 115.
I got this fourth drink so far.
What?
Hanks opened up a 10-go league.
By the way, Mr. Rigo, Hanks got 187.
And Mr. Rigo got 177.
And Sid the Yidz got 170.
And just go get drunk.
We got four.
Sounds like a deal to me.
We got what?
Four left.
Four left.
So this is the way you like it.
Nice and methodical like this.
I guess it's a real count.
Okay.
The real count is in Dracula.
Weeks after claiming that it was the Connivitis of Story Now,
I don't want to spend the whole time reading the poll number
and reading the number and how many things.
I'd like to do a radio show.
And maybe I'll start doing that next week.
Okay.
Weeks after claiming that it was not part of the executive branch,
the Office of Ice President Dick Taney appears to be writing
an independent assertion of executive privilege.
How do you like that?
They're not part of the executive, but they got executive privilege.
All right.
The move emerged in exchange of letters with the Senate Judiciary Committee,
which granted an extension for the White House to complicate some peanut.
On documents related to George W. Bush's domestic spying program.
All of these things.
Counseled to the Vice President Shannon Coffin appeared to imply
the Chinese orifice, made a assert executive privilege after it finishes reviewing documents
that are responsive to the committee's subpoena documents are due today.
Today.
In fact, this was yesterday because this is the 18th.
While the Office of the Vice President reserves legal protections that apply in this matter,
we look forward to working to meet the committee's needs for information
and on legislative matters to protect the nation Coffin wrote,
Coffins letters to the committee came with a similar letter from White House Counsel Fred Fielding
and contrast fieldings that have made no reference of any kind to legal protections of executive privilege.
Chains and attorneys also seem to suggest the President and Vice President's offices were on the same plane.
Hmm.
I sure hope it's not the one that the Catherine Harris was on.
We continue our efforts to identify documents responsive to the subpoena request extension time
for responses to the subpoena parallel to that afforded the office of the president she wrote.
Fielding was Bush's attorney contacted Senator Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy
to inform that the extension on compliance was needed because the wide variety of documents
they needed to be reviewed and shredded and covered up in all these and all that stuff.
Just amazing to me.
Oh look at that.
There's that big hole in the ground in New York.
They had just inspected the pipes and all of a sudden.
Cute!
By the boom, we least expect that.
I bet it's al-Qaeda, don't you think?
Yeah.
Well, kind of our goldstein.
Why, oh, you're not paying attention.
You're busy.
You hop it up all after you food.
Yeah, take the carried George.
He's a Schlein.
I'm going to show for them on the trip.
They treat him like garbage.
They treat him like cramp.
So how are we doing under Chris?
We still got four?
Five.
Hold on a minute.
My thing says five.
Now it says seven.
Thought you're called.
Why?
Thought you're called.
What's all the zenminess?
You said it was going in a nice orderly way and we went from four to five to seven.
That's because we got some deadbeats and screwballs out there.
You said it.
Who are missing of the worst?
Well, it'll, I'll let you know.
I thought you were going to keep your eye on it.
I am.
I'm also eating a chicken with you at the same time.
Honestly, here's your priorities in order.
Yeah.
I got some ribs now.
Do you?
Yeah, I do.
How much are you going to eat for Christ's sake?
How much are they going to bring?
Whatever they'll bring, you'll eat it.
Bring it.
Bring it on, baby.
Because poor George is a Schlepper.
And Chris, I mean, for a client out a lot.
If he told you what they were paying him, you people would be like driving off the road,
even if you're sitting at home in your living room.
You go to the window and jump.
And a fat guy like Chris, he needs to sustain that massive amount of weight.
He needs this some serious cash, baby.
Give me some money, honey.
So I can go out and eat up.
But that's why you're working on this show.
Free food.
Which more than compensates for the crappy money that they're paying.
To get to 1,500 votes, we need only 4.4 per minute.
Well, is this madness?
Did Eric give you an explanation why he did this?
He's just bored.
He doesn't have to be it.
It's got to be that.
How many votes required per minute to get to a way of thing?
And still says we got 7 of these babies left.
Oh, now it's 5 again.
I think somebody's playing with my mind.
They're good.
They are Muslim doctors.
And they practice a radical form of medicine on an explosive new drama.
Praise Giharami.
No, turn your head toward me, I am cloth.
But you know, Omar, I've been trying to reach you all morning
Do you not have your cell phone?
No, he's downtown.
Attached to a detonator.
And treating me in firm.
And taking care of the infidels on praise Giharami.
I have a crusader in the ER complaining of a migraine.
Giving 600 milligrams of ibuprofen and a quick beheading in the UB5.
Hey, we still playing golf this weekend?
I can't.
I'll be too busy working on my car.
Bomb.
It's all on a very special praise Giharami.
Dr. Omar, have you checked out the new nurse?
She really feels out her burger?
I ain't going near that.
Who needs a seventh wife, eh?
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
12, 17, at 5, 60, WK, we still have one certificate left.
I don't know if Chris has thrown me off here or what?
He threw me off my game.
How about you then?
I don't know.
Because you said we're doing it nice and early now.
We're still stuck on that one.
And that one's not going.
Nobody's taking the line.
It'll be gone.
It'll be gone when?
When's your order?
Next, Shubuus.
Six weeks from the 12th.
What are you talking about?
What?
You know, you got to talk about it.
You got to talk about it.
You got to talk about it.
You got to talk about it.
What are you talking about?
When you order these?
You have to that enter in your mailing address.
That's the answer.
You know, you don't get it.
When I start checking this out,
and they open the thing up,
what you're doing, they're right at noon now.
They have to count down with a clock.
And right at noon, they open this thing up.
And they go in chunks and all of a sudden it's 46,
and then it's 41, and then it's 29.
Don't you understand?
Everybody's filling out their stuff right at the same time.
That is correct.
All at the same time.
But there's this one left.
I'd like to just get rid of that last one.
Okay?
We'll go ahead and sign.
$100 certificate for $50, and there's one left on there.
And I'd like to see the thing where it says,
sold out, all gone, bye-bye, like that.
You know?
But it's not happening.
I think this thing could be screwed up.
Is that possible?
It is.
Not a QAM.
I refresh this a hundred times.
I mean, they might be putting up on there, you know.
They're what?
They're hung up on your end?
It's possible.
Anyway, keep your eye on it Chris,
because I'm tired of looking at that thing.
We'll do the...
Since depressing and disappointing.
And I think it has to do with the fact that we can't compete
with Jeldie.
That's what it is.
Jeldie was known last week, right?
And they're all gone.
They're all gone.
Like I said, who the hell needs Jeldie?
It's your full way.
It's a thing from city cards, and it's just a spam is what it is, okay?
It's just a thing from...
See, I used to have that on quiet, okay, where we just vibrate.
And then I discover it's no fun that way.
I know.
When you can make all of this noise and not all of it.
I like it.
Messages from your bookie.
Yeah, like the Humper.
The Humper, by the way, is opened up a 11-volt lead.
The most obnoxious software radio personality,
Hank Goldberg, 192, Steve King, 181.
I'll tell you, for Mr. Evo, that's quite an accomplishment
because he's on a station that is like an invisible
and nobody ever heard of.
And yet, 181 on a votes.
Sid Rosen Schwartz, 171, and Dan La Bastard, 111.
Those are the only four in the Triple digits out of a thousand and forty votes.
And on the bottom, it says, to get to 1500, we need just four and a half votes
for minute, Eric.
Oh, crazy.
Okay, so they're all gone as we just told me?
Correct.
Positive now.
I don't want to come back in a couple of minutes and say, oh, now there's three more, you know.
I can only tell you what the page says.
Yeah.
I want to see it for myself.
I don't trust you.
Okay.
I want to see it for myself.
Let me refresh it.
And it says, sold out.
Told you.
As my page says, sold out.
Sold American.
Lucky Strike means fine to Mac on the East and the Oxnere.
Remember, I had that somewhere.
Where the hell did I have that from?
Chicken.
Are you pardoned?
He said, I don't know.
He's throwing at his leftovers or not his leftovers, but, you know, his garbage.
Yeah, clear a little bit of the use of chicken ladders over there.
Good God almighty.
I'm ready for a nap now.
What a pig.
What a home cow.
You know, of course there's ten birdbeer teeny.
Hey, only had one of each of the three drinks that they brought in.
Oh, one of each of the three drinks.
Wow.
That's not too working on my Mithmohito right now.
I don't have fifteen varieties.
Good.
They think they do.
What a lush.
No matter how Michael Vicksand, you're not even a beener.
How do you like that?
Still, I like it mojito.
No matter how Michael Vicksand Devin on charges of operating a dog fighting ring is resolved.
In court allegations against the NFL star.
At forced mainstream America, the confront the grizzly image of canine deathmatches.
Law enforcement, animal protection advocates who participated in raids on the type of enterprises
that the Atlanta Falcons quarterback and three of the men are accused of running.
Say the reality of the dog fighting underworld is even worse than most people can imagine.
They say dogs, the seized dogs inevitably are euthanized.
The plywood laws of the typical fighting we are splattered with blood and cruelty shrouds every aspect of the dog's life.
I think they ought to throw his ass in the sliders what I think.
Don't you, Chris?
Uh, Michael Vick.
Yeah, of course.
When you go to where these fights have happened, you'll find a couple of dog corpses or a pitful of blood
says Mac Dickinson, a Louisiana state trooper, a head-sets state dog fighting investigation will open up their kennels where they'll put dogs after they fought
and they have blood all over the walls.
Don't have Michael Vicks blood all over the walls if he asks me.
Diane Jessett from Washington State Animal Control Officer says with dogs that don't win, it's not uncommon for them to be electrocuted, shot, hung or burned.
But what troubles her even more is the way the dogs are maintained, kept out in the mud on a short chain or a lifetime of that.
To me, that's cooler than the fighting she says.
Captain Dastreza, who is director of the Made Long Forceman for Louisiana's, the SPCA, has been on about 30 raids in the last three years.
About 30 men.
And she says the animal owners will file the dogs canine teeth into a sharp point or they'll put ground up glass in their fur before a fight.
Nice.
I mean, what kind of barbaric a-holes are we talking about other than Michael Vick?
At some raids, where spectators have flared out of the woods and have been invaded, Dastreza says,
abandon toddler-sized chairs and nearby milk and cookies suggest some people consider dog fighting family entertainment.
Well, this is Louisiana, what do you expect? How's by you?
More often, law enforcement officials say the sweeps their drugs weapons and gambling money.
Of the 65 dog fighting arrested, made in the last five years, Sergeant David Hunterley, Franklin County Sheriff's Office says,
there's only been one where we didn't find drugs.
Hunt testified before Congress last year at a hearing that led to legislation making dog fighting a federal felony,
that hunt says it increased the efforts of federal law enforcement.
This and that was handed up this Tuesday in Richmond, Virginia, and federal district court.
He faces charges transporting fighting dogs across state lines and engaging in dog fighting.
Can you imagine a six-year prison term on $350,000 fine?
Vick and the three other men are scheduled to have a bond hearing in July 26th.
The day the Falcons begin training camp.
Wow.
How appropriate.
After meeting involving NFL Commissioner Roger Videl and the Falcons, the legal ethic keep playing the AP says,
the AP reported that a person with knowledge of the meeting who requested an enmity so the case would not be influenced,
said the NFL would stick to that position for the foreseeable future despite its new personal conduct policy.
Vick's case doesn't include drug or weapon charges, but Hunt says it's a textbook example of how law enforcement often stumbles into a dog fighting in investigation.
In Vick's case, the drug related investigation by the local police of Vick family member took place at Surrey County Virginia property owned by Vick.
Law enforcement took note of the presence of numerous dogs. Further searches were conducted and 55 pit bulls were seized.
Eric Sackatch, West Coast region law's director for the remains society of the U.S. has been investigating dog fighting for about 30 years,
and estimates 40,000 people may be involved in the blood-sport nation-wide.
Dog fighting traditionally is associated with rural settings, aka rednecks, but Sackatch says the biggest growth is at the street level in cities.
100 degrees, saying in the recent seminar with Chicago police that he was told that gangs are increasingly engaging in dog fighting,
instead of these guys getting into a fight and police getting called, they'll fight their dogs instead.
That's really macho, isn't it? My dog's going to kick your dog's ass, isn't that macho?
Sure is.
You sound like you're still a...
Show me up. No, I'm granking now.
Typically dog fighting cases are not resolved quickly in court. One of the most publicized cases in recent years rose to trial next month,
two years and five months after the alleged breeding center of Floyd, Budro, and a son, Guy, in Bruce R. Louisiana, was rated Guy Budro.
Louisiana State Trooper Dickinson led that raid March 2005, and ledges that the Budro-Bred Pit bull puppy, Self-Ras-Much, is five grand. Dickinson also says he's rated two dog fighting operations in last week,
but is rarely able to break up events in mid-fight. They never disclosed the location until an hour or two before he says it may be in a field or a warehouse,
they might fight for four dogs and go to another location.
During the same 20 raids he's conducted last three years Dickinson said, we've seized AK-47s, explosive devices, a kilo of crack that drugs and weapons associated with this sport are unbelievable.
Until Bixendiamon perhaps the most prominent dog fighting case involved, the New York State Prosecution and Jim, James Frickioni, known to authorities as the Al Capone of Dog Fighting.
Is that Frickioni or Frickioni? Frickioni.
Former Orange County prosecutor David Hoover described the 2003 raid on Frickioni's property as entering a Spartacus for puppies,
or authorities found 18 animals many severely wounded. The compound equipped treadmills were dogs were trained for stamina of fighting ring and electrocution chamber.
Frickioni was led to convicted of animal cruelty, charges sentenced to between two and seven years in prison, three years after the conviction, Hoover, now a federal prosecutor,
and still remembers the senior encountered April 23rd, 2003. He says one of the 18 dogs was missing half a jaw, another suffered of about 70 open wounds,
still another had scar tissue covering around 75% of its body, at least 13 of the 18 animals were injured.
I've been to a number of murder scenes Hoover said, but I was appalled, he couldn't believe it.
It's a good old American way, baby, red necks, cock fights and dog fights and all of this things, all this red neck behavior, all of this kind of activity.
Like in higher, Leah, they still got the cock fights going there in sweet water in higher, Leah.
You want to know it's your people, man, it's like kind of a hobby.
Sure, yeah. What? So what do you like better? You like the dog fights, your dominoes better.
Pizza? We got a thousand fifty four, I'm not touching that. We need a half a vote a minute to get to 1100.
Point five votes per minute to get to 1100. One point six to get to 1200. I think Eric lost it. I think he officially lost it sometime during the show today.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
what was it? Am I? Am I Still Eating, am I? oh yeah? Oh yeah, am I Okay, Okay, I'm
Now my ght is out as slowly as thezus hurts the point What, the point's right gotta
a- Resistance Samir I guess Buryface?
Transformers more than meets the eye way way more than meets the eye
You know, in fact, you should really
I'm sorry, great at art
Talk 32 at 560 WQA and we got mad dog come up to I'm getting a little scratchy thrown on everything
I better go away down. You know, it would just see that is this cucumber mojito with mint here
I have another one on our how many is this?
This is still number three. Oh, I see this is the third one
That's my limit. Okay, third mojito
Third drink. Oh 1062 under full the most
Obnoxious self-order radio personality Hank Goldberg 197 Huppers open up a little bit of a lead with still a battle
Steve came 183 mr. Ego I bet you he's all puffed up 100 days three people voted for me. Oh, yeah
Jackass said Rosen Schwartz 175
Dan LaBaster 115 Danny boy. He's you know, he can't do no better number four
George 94 yours truly 68 boy. You got me you're pulling away from me. You got me by 26 vote
You're obnoxious George. I know they're just jealous because I'm getting all this food and booze and that hundred bucks
That too the only 62 stoo gots 29 mad dog 27 Kenny Walker. He's got 25
Kim bulk number 24 Joe Rose 23 cast on over 22. He's moving in our morning guys
He's making his move the big O's got 12 Jim DeFetus is got four and D foes only got two
He's you know when he's like he's like Frankie Pentangeli small potatoes
Remember that that's young and Hyman rock for Hyman rock. He's this small potatoes
That was Hyman Roth. I was in and I always thought that he lived in Hallendale
I wouldn't once upon a time but that was in the beach because we don't even know Miami Beach
And once upon a time he lived on Collins Avenue and walked his dog on Collins Avenue and all the old Jewish ladies
Oh, he said you're wonderful man
Remember those days no, I don't know
Now where the hell do I have the thing about my own like oh, it's right there. There it is huh right over there
No, it's about Jackie Mason, right?
There's Jackie what's in him. What that was in Jackie Bales
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach
Lance came and elder statesman a living legend the most pious Jews in the world that Miami Beach were the holiest people to
When God is everything even God wasn't close to my allenski so as they saw my allenski forget about God
Ditch was God used to wish you can follow him look
You know if you walked on the street they would talk about how slow he walked how fast that he have a dog a cow or horse
It's exactly they have a dog if he was what I want right in the horse. They did talk big time. You see a Jew on a horse
What what are you doing my just horse and around are you a?
The big line of George W. Bush writes Brent Balsky on a smoking chimp
But let's sell those certificates all over again. Okay, that was quite an exercise. How long did it take us about 20 minutes?
Yes, not that yeah 19 19 you were actually counting the minutes. It says it on the website
It does yeah
I don't understand it says it where what does it say? Okay, if you go to the Niels half price deals page
Yeah, and you hit past deals that'll tell you how long it took for the previous ones to sell out one moment, please
Let me get on the right page
And you click what?
Past deals just above current I see on
Actually, we tell them how long it took sold out in an hour and two minutes blue moon
Herbo is face joint in 29 minutes
Rivals in 19 minutes and the river house in hour and two minutes. So this was actually the best one ever
That's what I said so what that we get about oh geez. We still got three left. Oh Neil
You're really just thinking to join out today. What were you talking about?
You know
Now which is the one that we thought we sold out in like one minute that would be hobos
And come to find out it was 29 minutes. Well, that's not bad
But this was 19 minutes today. That's what it says
Well, I think I deserve a pet on a back and I'm the ass for that a nice
So because it is a sports station these sports nerds man are very big and padding each other on the ass like it's a real
How do we say sure thing to do? I think it's really gay. I don't care what anybody says. We'll have boat camper give you a pat on the ass
No, thanks
No, thanks. How about having a boat camper give a hand cap head on the ass?
At least it'd be a big target
Maybe he can teach him how to use a computer. Maybe he can give Jim to feed us a pet on the ass with both hands
Right that ASCII says it's repeated by Republicans on the floor of the Senate restated on this side only yesterday and it goes like this
The Democrats have an al-Qaeda problem and this war which was started with a big lie the claim
It was necessary to defeat bin Laden must be continued to promote that big lie that to change the policy would help terrorists when exactly the opposite is true
How are the title of Al Gore's brilliant film and inconvenient truth is used to repeat this fall
So when Gore's brilliant book the assault on reason was the most sweeping and devastating destruction of this lie
That created 36th-century gold star mothers and allowed bin Laden to escape regroup and gain strength
George Bush and John McCain will be proven right about Iraq
No, the only question like this how many must continue to die for the vile wrong self-destructive war and how far the Senate Republicans will go to let this
Travesty continue even though most of them know it's wrong even though it's the cancer that's destroying the Republican Party
The new national intelligence estimate is not an argument to continue to status quotas
I asked of an argument to end it the NIE makes it clear why American troops should not give their lives to perform the function of the Baghdad
The police supporting a corrupt Iraqi government a death squad infiltrated Iraqi police and an Iraqi army that after years of alleged American training has gone down and written
It's after the surge according to our own commanders
George Bush and John McCain will be proven right the NIE makes it clear that our troops should be redeployed a concentrate on the fight against
They'll cut outside of Baghdad and to protect the borders across which arms and terrorists enter Iraq
The NIE makes it clear that George Bush is a rock war-screated more terrorists than a killed
They've heard of both our military and intelligence from the real threat and he stabilized in the strut our global military force structures at the very moment
That Bush's policies have created more terrorists than lot of been allowed to be group and gain strength
Democrats have an al-Qaeda problem and George Bush and John McCain be proven right?
George Bush will be morally impeached by history for that blood-stained moment when we could have killed
Bin Laden at Torah Borah and George Bush said no to our special forces who were pleading for reinforcements because he was so obsessed
With fighting the Seraphac war that has done so much damage to our country our troops are credibility in the world on the real threat
that George Bush neglected
The war against the real enemy Bin Laden was neglected to create a war against the threat that only existed in the big lie talking points of
Neocondollusions pushed by presence who is an incompetent commander in chief promoted through fear advanced by lies
Deformed by cruelty-plum of troops pursued with torture the created countless new terrorists covered up by
Commutations that protected with coming partners issued by leaders who fear convicted criminals and liars will turn states
Evidence against those who abused the Roth of office
The big lie that we had to invade a ramp because of Bin Laden the big lie that we have to continue this tragedy because we should be afraid of terrorism
The big lie that we promote liberty and fight terrorism with our torture chambers
The big lie that we should be ruled by fear rather than purge the big lie that we win hearts and minds with corrupt occupations and over
100,000 unregulated mercenaries the big lie that we support our troops of cruel deployments and preventable deaths and
Scandals that plague wounded troops and disabled heroes
Which of these will George Bush and John McCain be proven right about?
George Bush is big lies based on the deadly falsehood that something has gone terribly and tragically wrong and we should continue it and escalate it and repeat the catastrophes in even larger ways
With even greater death and even greater damage to our military and our spirit no Democrats do not have an al-Qaeda problem
America has an al-Qaeda problem and the reason is George W. Bush who lacked the vigilance before 9-11 and they stend
Shinkley exploited 9-11 for a policy of delusion and destruction that the American people and our friends throughout the free world
One ended here now once in for all to which I would say
Absolutely correction nice going grand Brent Badosky
You know Brent no that well how about Brent and Osper you know him?
Look at us. We still got a freeway battle here. Although Sid Rosenstrashe Schmir is falling into a kind of like a distant third
I don't think he's gonna get a bet. He was leading for quite a while there
The Humphers got 198 Hank Goldberg 98 Steve came 187 and 11-Vole lead and Sid Rosen the steel has got 178
You got 94 you're gonna go over 100 Mr. on NBC dating pandemonium and zoos
When older gals compete against each other to date a younger guy on older gals who want a day to younger guy
followed by younger guys who want a dead older gals
We have 23 year olds in program development that have been in television for almost a year now
Bringing you cost effective entertainment tailored for your small mind
You just keep leading down the road and you're exploring on your cell phones of your moms
We're general electric one of the world's largest defense contractors and we have business before the White House that cannot be disturbed
So you keep watching NBC on your dashboard as we bring good things to life and then kill them
1245 at 560 Wendell QAM happy a Thursday to it
We got a thousand 86 votes on the pool. We got 1100 made in the shit
I think we can go for 12 today Chris whatever you like whatever makes you happy sounds good to me
Yeah, I'm sure see I do all the work. I work my ass off to get these on and then you take the credit for it
Of course that's my fault. That's because I spoil everybody. That's that's what I do just like
Just like the godfather said about sentina. What do you say? Do we have a sentimental man? And I spoil my children as you can see?
Do we have that? I don't know
I know we got this
It's one week
I think it runs on the saw yeah like that. What a comedy you play with it young good don't ever take size with anyone against the family again ever
Ever ever
Oh
I love it
Yeah
This screws up all my arrangements
Can't do it Sally don't call me Sally tell my business
Always like you know is that
Hey Sally
Is all something for you
1247 and 560 I still can't figure out where the hell that that was on three nights they had no commercials commercial free and
Like 7000 hours of godfather and bravo to him. Where was it was an unbravo maybe they did that
I even see even keep saying whatever you want because I have no idea maybe on some connection. I don't know
If at first you don't succeed fail again says capital hill blue not dark Thompson
This is just the whoever whoever wrote it. They don't put a name on it because they don't want to they don't want to get
Hutted down in the woods like poor Doug
They don't want to get chased down in the mountains of West Virginia
With his lies based on Macwar a failure in his presidency in Tatters and unbought George W. Bush is launching a futile effort to broker a Middle East piece
Like all his efforts the attempt is doomed from the start. Oh don't let both campers hear me say that doomed
You hear what he said he said cool again. He said cool. He called George W. Bush a cool
You know really when you look back on that episode that is just are there any words to describe it?
Sure you said
pathetic
embarrassing
humiliating
Acceptable
believable believable
Bush is pushed for a resolution to the Israeli Palestinian pieces seen by both friends and phones is a little more than posturing
By a person who is grasping its draws to leave some legacy from a fail to terms
I bet you Tom jickett don't like the fact I'm reading all these left wing comedy pinko stories because they're all true
And because he's a right wing lunatic somebody in the question and answer thing accused him of being a liberal
In the Sun sent along Sunday which I found very amusing
Even he found it amusing. Hey, we know you're a fascist time. You're not fooling anybody
It won't work. You can't work. Everybody except voice seems to know so reports AFP we can buy rising public
Officers in the war in Iraq washing in this week multiplied its efforts to make an impact on the dev locked Israeli Palestinian peace process
Or as they say here process
But analysts say despite US president Bush has called for a fresh peace push
His move risk being viewed is pure posturing because his administration signal no change in its off-grid the size of Middle East policy
Shortly after Bush announced plans for international Middle East peace conference to be chaired by US Secretary of State
Condom please their rights later this year. His spokesman scrambled it on play expectations
The talks were announced just before the meeting in Lesbano the Quartet of Middle East powers today
US European Union Russia and the UN and Europe and Saudi Arabia urge participants to produce solid results
Both Washington and Europe believe fresh peace talks are the best means to weaken the Islamist movement Hamas
Which has ceased control of the Gaza Strip and strengthen modern Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and his new nickname Prime Minister Salam Fayad
France said its support for one piece bit depends on the inclusion of the final status of the Palestinian territories in the talks agenda
This kind of conference will only bear fruit if between now and the talks confidence is fully reestablished between the two parties
Foreign French Ministry spokesman Pascal and Vianne said and Vianna also is real to make strong gestures and caught on all Palestinians to announce violence
Hope your breath take a deep breath
Saudi Arabia which is often an Arab peace plan that calls for normal relations of exchange for Israeli withdrawal from Arab lands occupied in
67 said the meeting should not shy away from the key issues
Saudi Arabia hopes this will come within the framework of a serious international endeavor that tackles the co-versions of the conflict
leading to the mismattering of Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territories a Saudi spokesman said
White House spokesman Tony Snowtooth insisted wouldn't be a conference
But a meeting adding I think a lot of people are inclined to try to treat this as a big peace conference
It's not. I'll thank God for that because there ain't going to be no peace and it couldn't be bigger small
But here's a guy eating pasta on CNN
Hmm
Oh
How are we Dennis Ross?
President Clinton said the tosser is being purely symbolic
Palestinians are looking for symbols now. They know the difference between symbols and reality
Let's hope the Bush administration does as well Ross wrote in the new republic this week results in the ground and real hopes will help a bosses fatah
Rice will do well to keep this in mind Ross said a credible negotiation process is one thing a symbolic
Event like an international conference where only hardline speeches are given that highlight how little prospect of the agreement
And where there's no practical follow-up is another
Critics accused Bush who has 18 months left in office are trying to cobble together a hasty effort for peace
That would not include foes such as Hamas Iran and Syria
Bush's latest foray into the thicket of Middle East politics leaves him trying to solve it some sort of legacy in the region as time runs
Sure down his presidency Peter Baker and Robin right before to the Washington Post this week
The New York Times said to Zedin Al-Francinecicles another pivotal shift for administration that is desperately seeking some kind of foreign policy victory
In the fall of the Middle East that would draw attention away from the war in Iraq
Meanwhile administration officials are refused to recognize any link between the situation in Iraq and the Israeli palestinian conflict
Also expressed the will to hold fresh talks with arch for Iran about Iraq
However state department spokesman Sean McCrownic stressed that Iran's continued behavior is leading the further instability in Iraq
And says any new talks would not be in negotiations
But a bit of what about all of these all of these all of these things
Middle East peace. I mean what the hell are they talking about am I there? Are they delusional or what?
Absolutely
thousand in the
93 votes on the poor we're going over 1100 this hour Chris boy you got it you really been doing a hell of a job today. Yep a reading
The most obnoxious south footer radio for it now
Did you check the thing again just to make sure that we don't have like some came back like last week?
Yeah, they're awesome you positive. Yeah, check it. Well, I'm gonna check it again
Go ahead because I don't want to leave here with just my you know my brother coming out of the toilet with just his
sold out
Just his thing in his hands
Remember when he goes in the toilet Michael? Yeah, and he reaches behind that thing
What is that is that like the the towel holder whatever dispenser? What is that?
Those reaching behind the the tank there, but it wasn't immediately. Oh it's behind the tank
Well, thanks a lot and he didn't fight it right away and he's still getting a friend. He's like yeah a little
Panic here and then of course he comes out and
But a big
That was a good thing. I like the way what what a McCloskey
Mm-hmm
He's got like a piece of the view on the four-year when he puts it to his mouth and then all of a sudden the blood
He works out of his four and I and he's gagging a little bit. Yeah, it was kind of a gag reflex
I know something about that
1093 out of pool. Let's take a look at those top contenders there
Maybe we got a few a lot of pretenders of which we were a couple
Well, you got me by 23 votes 95 to 72. I'm so proud that you're more obnoxious than I am
Well, maybe that's because you're on more often than I am now during the oh there's Hitler again on the CNN
For secondary I thought it was your president, but it was a better mustache
The most obnoxious software to radio personality Hank Goldberg the Humper 202. He's opened up an ice 12-holt lead
Steve Kane 190
Sid Rosensteel has got 179. He seems to be dropping out of the human race and then David Le Bastard boy's got 120
Now you were saying before the show today that the Humper even though you know he's had his detractors in the past
He pissed off a lot of people because he hangs up on a lot of people and says things like like that, you know
Whenever less he seems to have risen to new heights. I mean taking the lead from mr. ego and from sweet this a sweet their Rosen shorts
And mark folker
Excuse me
folk-foki
Mark Folk you remember representative Mark oh that's right
Yeah, the child must hope the first I guess maybe a random neighborhood or in a family something like that or maybe the kids just couldn't run fast enough
Speaking I'm writing fast enough his Gary Sarner still working there because so help me if it's the last thing
I do I'm gonna like I'm gonna get somebody to like you just beat him with a club
He said he's hopeless man
This is a guy and Chris was saying before the show that what an a-hole Gary Sarner is he says he's got such an ego
He's got his own secretary. Do we have any other shelves holds?
I got the room secretary. Oh they have to share the uh the secretaries. So how come Gary Sarner's got his own
That's why he keeps getting hired. He's gotten fired 1500 times there and they keep bringing him back because he keeps finding more copies of those naked pictures
I'm positive of it the beesleasing the billy growth signal in the backyards
positive
One of the reasons could there be that Gary Sarner is probably the same reason that Robert Grieper the grim revert Lord of the board the man with the sword who ought to be
Gord probably the same reason that he's there
Oh, there's time cruising Germany. They're on to him and at whole Scientology thinking of course that other thing you fairy
And you've not a tomb up. It's the one the two-hour
Yeah
This your boys he might see how you do songs with like hooks and concepts
Right
Check this out
Rea
Rea
I
Okay, I have to interrupt this because something really explosive just happened here
What I just farted so bad and that even I can't stand it
Now what what I can't stay in here you want to do the rest of the show
No, you gotta listen
Cuff it out you don't know you gotta felt it how about snuff it out
I saw
Oh
Hi
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K-I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K-I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K-I-E-D-S-B-O-K-I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I-D-S-B-O-K-I
Let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let
it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it
Let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let's hope it, let
it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it,
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it, let it
get
Sugar, not the Archie's Archie Bell and the Drills do the Titan Up.
Yeah, I think that's what your brain needs is the old Titan Up.
Boy, I think you're losing it.
I thought you were going on the cross the street.
You just haven't been the same on this big fan.
There you go.
And what was that right?
About what?
Archie Bell and the Drills.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Hi everybody.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi y'all doing body told me.
We're the second.
We don't want to sing.
But we dance and it's going to be warm.
You're going to get to here?
It's a welcome.
We dance on a new dance.
I want to hear what it starts singing.
It's a Titan Up.
It's a new dance.
It's a new dance.
We're Titan Up with.
We're Titan Up on the drum.
Yeah, and then Titan Up on your record.
Come on now, drum.
We want to turn it off.
Okay, so Archie Bell and the Drills man, is that a minute of their hit or what?
I don't know.
You got any more of their stuff in there?
Was that it?
What's that?
What was the big hit?
In 68.
Oh no.
I remember that.
I remember the name of the hit.
I can't.
What about dancing?
Is that what it's called?
I just got that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh no.
Okay, that's enough.
I guarantee you won't hear on the ticket Archie Bell and the Drills.
I guarantee you that.
I'll bet you a lot of money on it.
And then the crystal probably dig it up and play it, you know.
Just out of spite.
Who's on it?
Noone over there.
Do we have any ideas?
It's two glasses of boyfriend.
Who's on over there?
Crystal, do you have any idea?
I have no idea because I'm already busy at noon.
Doing what?
Eating?
Eating free food on the Near-Rage issue?
Yeah, something like that.
By the way, I'm very glad I'm pleased now because I was a little bit depressed there.
Because last week I thought we had the power to blow out those 50 like in one minute or whatever.
And then it turned out you're right.
It was that we overloaded the thing.
There were all those people off the same time.
Correct.
So 29 minutes was our fastest, or 19 minutes, by 10 minutes it was our fastest on the draw.
Nice going Neil.
Thank you.
And of course, definitely come back from vacation next week.
And boy, you guys are doing a hell of a job and we know what we are.
We are.
I don't think Johnny Joe Bell is going to come in there and say, boy, you guys are really doing a fantastic job with that half price.
And he's not going to do that, is he?
He probably listened to KISS.
He's probably kissing it right now.
My bubble would say kiss it.
Hank Goldberg 203, they're saying Hank's obnoxious.
I mean, if this was fat, then I could understand it.
Although Jim DeFetus would have him beat hands-down your big fat pantaloonies.
When you were wearing a puktan for pants, didn't you know you're fat?
Remember those days when I used to wear the Gwabbearance?
No.
You know, before my time.
I guess that was probably at INZ when I was going at about 240.
We have a spy report?
Yes.
I'm not going to say who it's from because he's a recent employee of Q&A, but he says Bouges on.
Who's on?
Boug.
The Brewster.
Oh, he's not going to be there very long anyway.
He's leaving.
What they should have, like a make believe it, like a penciled in lineup, kind of like when we used to.
Remember that, like in the 2-4 segment, we had like Goli one day and Moe the other day.
Unless the next day, wow.
Steve Keen 195, he's only 10 behind and Sid Rosenstrush, Shfield, has got one needy two.
Dan LaBasterds making a little bit of a move.
He's got one, 22.
Nothing he's going to catch the others, but he's making a little move.
Can you smell it?
I mean, that was me.
And George has got 97.
You're about to enter the 100 club, Mr. Rodriguez.
And he liked that.
No, that's not.
You're about to move into the big time.
98.
You're starting to get close to Dan LaBasterds' ass.
In fact, you can probably smell it.
I got 73.
You got me by 25.
You got me beat.
And Goli's starting to move up.
He's got 65.
Goli's right on my ass.
And boy, I'm sure uncomfortable about that, especially from the rumors I hear about him.
You heard those rumors, I'm sure.
Nope.
Can you have it?
I'm not going to tell you any here.
It has to do with things like that.
So with each other, you get in the street.
Your jogs grab authority.
560 WQAM presents the Hanka Jolves MacDowls.
Hanka Jolves MacDowls.
And this one, uh, Jolves a deadbeat spell.
And then this one, uh, Hank, where's my cheddar cheese?
Cheese makes me feel better.
Go boy.
Your mother fucker.
Stupid.
Your mother fucker.
Wait a minute.
Am I, as you understand, that the mother fucker that you're referring to is me?
That's right.
I don't have to take that from you.
Now you just stand right there while I straighten my tie.
Yeah, you got any idea what would happen if I close my fat ass?
No, do tell.
I break your tongue.
You have fat, banjo strum and brown, I love and heck.
Who's calling me fat?
You and Bruce Beasley should have put babies together.
What seems to be the problem with you?
Maybe there's something I won't do about it?
I'm cold.
So turn to thermostat up.
That's your job.
Do boy.
Do boy.
That's right.
Do as I say.
I'm cold.
Where are sweater?
You're not cold.
Yeah, I'm cold.
I'll punch you.
Go ahead, throw your best shot.
My fist is stuck.
Remove your fist from my fat fold.
Try.
And, uh, while you're at it there, get me a little bit more.
I'm not going to have to have a pillow.
And you know what, uh, oh, gee, I got out of that thing.
I was going to play and I got out of it.
What the hell did I do that?
I don't know.
Where it says, oh my god, if I hear Hank Goldberg yelling with up.
Throw up.
Oh my god.
You know that one?
I do know it.
Well, don't worry about it.
And it's not worth it.
That's what the fat ass Johnny Joseph said.
Anyway, I was just sitting here.
My psychic powers are just, look at that, a body found in the well of a plane
at San Francisco International Airport.
Yeah, well, don't look at me.
As well as his name said in Clockwork Orange Malcolm McDowell, well, well, well.
And why did they, why did they talk like that?
What is wrong with them?
We said the dims said that first of all.
And they're British and that's the answer to that question.
Oh, I see.
Well, well, well, they don't say that L is in the all well, well, well, the edges.
They're not.
Yeah.
Wasn't that when they found him and beat the crap out of him?
Right, when they were cops.
Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well.
Now that's one of the great movies.
Take all your kids to see that, okay?
I do.
Clockwork Orange.
And many people say, oh, but it's got a big ceramic penis in it.
Well, big deal.
I met it.
It's plastic.
What does that mean?
You met it.
I met the penis and it's plastic filled with water.
What does that mean?
You met it.
What does that mean?
It was making an appearance.
And I went and met it and got my picture taken away.
The plastic penis was making an appearance.
Yeah, let me ask you was it signing off?
Did you shake it?
A hand?
It was in a glass case.
I wasn't allowed to touch it.
Oh, my God.
Or I certainly would have posed with it.
It was the actual one from the movie?
Yeah.
That's on my MySpace.
If you go into the MySpace picture, it was very impressive.
I kept rocking back and forth even when he kept pushing it and it was like rocking it.
It was great.
I wanted it.
Yeah.
Well, she came to a nasty end.
That big crap.
I mean.
And then the scene that I love probably the best in the whole movie is when he's upstairs in the bathtub.
Sing and end the rain.
And the old crypt sitting downstairs in the wheelchair like,
he starts to get his spasms out.
You know, he goes into a spastic attack.
Because all of a sudden he realizes who's up there who they've taken in.
And he starts like his whole face turns his head turns red.
Great movie, Clockwork Orange.
Have you ever seen it?
Or even if you ever see it, that's something to do this weekend.
Killer couple hours.
Here's some trivia.
You might not know.
That.
Remember his assistant, the big muscle guy that he replaced his wife with?
No, of course.
You know, that's Darth Vader.
You know, get out of town.
I voice you now.
Darth Vader?
I'm not.
He's got to see.
He's got to see.
He's got to see.
I'm very impressed.
We have 1133 votes.
We need 1.8 per minute to get to the hellbunder, which we're not going to do.
Not going to happen, Eric.
You can put all kinds of numbers on there.
And stats and crap and charts and graphs.
It's not going to happen.
It's the 18th day Holyo man.
In the 19th, the 18th of the day Holyo.
Well, you're going to have to start teaching me to speak really full with Spanish.
I'll give you the important thing.
I already know the important words.
No, no, no.
What you thinking of?
Yeah, that's a good one.
Let's take it one more time.
Puto.
Right?
Puto.
Meo.
Yeah.
Right?
You might want to use that awesome sound I can say on the ear like.
Meo positive.
Right?
You take care.
You can say.
Adla ingles maricon.
No, I do say that.
Right.
Adla ingles.
Boo got on.
There you go.
You moron.
You moron.
That's what the Italian say.
Maron.
I wonder what that really means.
I know Jimmy Morone used to drive at Yankees.
And then there's Jimmy Morone Jr. at the metallands.
Couldn't drive his finger up your nose.
134 votes.
That's not that's not the important part.
The important thing here is that top three man.
The most obnoxious.
I never realized when I made this poll that we'd have such a good battle.
Mm-hmm.
Hey Goldberg, 206.
Steve came 190.
There only eight votes apart after over 1100 votes.
1134.
It is Rob Marciano.
It was only on there because he looks good.
And because the fags like him.
Chili sauce, botalism.
Castleberries, food plant here in Augusta, Georgia.
Oh, in Georgia.
When I ask of those Georgians, man, most of them ought to be in the ground anyway.
Poison them, okay?
Hot dog chili sauce leads to recall four people got sick.
Or can you imagine if you get sick from that, talk about the Green Apple Quickstep.
Wow.
Makes my experience in Amsterdam seem like a walk in the park.
Maybe if I would have found a park real soon, I could have walked in the park and like, you know,
take it off my underwear.
Hank 206, Steve came 198 and Sid Rosensteel has got 144 transfer shorts.
Steen.
Sid Rosensteen.
184.
He's 12 votes behind and he's only like a wait a minute.
22 behind.
He's 14 behind the Steve O.
Steve Arino.
Mr. Rigo.
Daniel Paschard 125 in George.
Let's hear it for George.
Just top to century, Marke.
I 102.
Oh, right.
Sienta Dose.
See, they can't make up their mind what they want Rob Marcee and Arino to do.
You know, they know he looks good or at least on camera anyway.
And so they got him on doing the news.
He's doing the weather.
He's cleaning the toilets.
He's all over the place.
He's doing the limbo rock and the tea room.
You know, to keep the hired help happy.
Those who are gay.
He would fit in real good at Channel 7 when you think Rob Marcee and Arino.
Maybe all over his ass.
Literally.
Anyway, let's send over along here.
Okay, too much of this fall tomorrow.
And you're not saying much because you probably got plastered from all that booze.
Hmm?
What?
From those veer teenies.
Right?
I don't know because I'm out of drinker as I know.
I like Barry Martini also and a-
I'm black bar-
Now that sounds really damn good.
I love black bar-
I have to be especially grown because we have blackberry bushes all over in North Carolina.
I've never seen any that bag.
It's big enough-
Or it's a store.
They're a huge-
I'm curious.
Is that a bit that we can still play?
That's just-
Are you kidding me?
What?
Of course not.
Please, yeah, play that.
No way.
I could love to go home a half hour early.
Well, why did you say are you kidding me?
You know I wasn't going to play it.
Jesus, give me a little bit of a plan.
I don't think we can say the title anymore.
Also, I told you the thing about-
I gotta remember to talk about that this afternoon when I called on there.
The Social Security Administration is called or has sent a literature in a mail.
And I have to call them this week to apply for my Social Security because this year, obviously-
It's really fine.
It does give me some solace knowing that the Humphor is 67 though.
And then how old is Rick Shaw?
Did we say?
Sixty-
He just retains.
So I got three years to go.
Three and a half years.
Are you working on my new deal with Norma?
Norma did-
I held a deal for you.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, I know.
Especially on the summer deal.
Yeah, I know.
He left you in the lurch and you want to know a problem because you're not gay.
And because you know the, you know, you're not cute and you're not cooperative.
Smoke dope.
Doesn't that count for something or-
That should count for a lot right there.
In fact, tell him that you're normal.
Well, I wouldn't go that far.
Now I wouldn't either.
1140 votes.
Actually, we need to-
Now what I can do it?
According to our extra-
For obligations, we need 1.8 per minute to get to 1200.
Well, why did he start doing that to the EU and explanation on that or what?
He's taking the other ones off there because he knows we're not going to get to 1,300 and 1,480 million.
So he's taking the other ones off of there.
So this is a new game that we play with Eric now.
He gives us the-
And I guess, yeah, he must have a pretty boring life.
He's better, he's bored with a show which I can understand.
I'm going to hang out with him.
I'm going to hang out with him.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for new.
Good afternoon.
Joe is sitting inside a bar.
Just looking at his drink.
He looks and looks and looks and stays that way for approximately 30 minutes.
Well, at that moment a big trouble-making bully Jake walked over next to him picked up the drink from Joe and drinks it down.
The four man begins to cry and Jake the bully says,
Hey man, I was just joking.
I'll tell you one.
I'll buy you another drink.
I can't stand the sea of man cry.
No, that's not it, says Joe.
Today has been the worst day of my life.
First I overslept and was very late to an important meeting.
My boss was outraged and fired me.
When I left the building to go to my car I found it had been stolen.
The police said they could do nothing.
I got a cab to return home, paid the cab driver and the cab drove off.
It was then I realized I left my wallet in the cab.
Finally I got home only to find my wife in bed with another man.
I left home and came to this bar and as I was thinking about putting an end to my life you show up and drink my poison poll harbors.
Good day.
That's not bad, it's kind of cute.
Anyway, speaking of psychics, so I started to mention this in the last segment and then of course you've sidetracked me with some swill.
But my psychic abilities just shocked the crap out of me every now and then.
Before the last break I was thinking to myself, where the hell is our good friend Brandon Bidley?
Remember Brandon?
Shredo.
I go on to my space and I click it on and guess who had just sent me a message at that moment?
Brandon.
Good thinking. How did you guess that?
He's psychic too.
I didn't know he worked there.
So my psychic car and he sent me the message that he's tired of a reader book.
Generally speaking he's a good guy and a good friend but you know hitting me when I'm down.
Maybe we ought to take a poll on that.
What do you think?
Why not?
There's another one you don't have to think of.
Sounds like a plan for you.
Not for me.
You think it won't look the audience to see you?
Yeah you!
Well, no you're wrong.
Well maybe I'm wrong.
Maybe I think it's long.
There's no question about that.
It's a very long bit.
But I mean how can you be tired of it?
It is so brilliantly done and so brilliantly edited by yours.
You truly?
Yeah, I'm proud of it.
You know what you ought to be?
You ought to be.
You know how people are with their short attention span.
What does that mean?
They get tired of things quickly.
Maybe we ought to ask what was the most overplayed bit in the history of the show.
That's not bad.
You like that?
Jack in the box.
Oh!
How about...
Bridge Dunder?
Bam!
I can't put this one.
I've been able to play this for a long time.
But I bet you could...
Doctor D'Souppo...
Why do you got to do this?
I would try to defeat the purpose now wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Well I was driving down 95 the other night.
Yeah, I did.
Somebody nearly cut me right off the road.
And it's not it wasn't going to do any good thing.
Yeah, I could do it myself.
You know.
But it'd be like telling a joke without the punch line.
Or it would be the point.
I was like this.
Where's he ball?
Or an ass hole?
Or an ass hole?
Wait a minute.
What was that?
Huh?
I did a magnificent job there.
I chopped it off and you said the whole word.
I didn't say it.
It's the whole word.
I just said one word.
And that's the whole word you said.
What is wrong with you, man?
I'm not.
You know what it is?
It's the booze.
Every bankstrokes excuse him.
We excuse because it was the booze.
And guess what?
You still lose.
Wow, you're going to be all-wear-fine.
Did it?
When you stopped and think about it,
I was thinking this before to show you how my mind is going to hell this last month.
But stop and think about the tremendous talent that we have lost off this radio station
last just in the time that we've worked here.
I'm going to have years.
Sure.
There was-
And now-
And Jeff DeFloris.
And Joe Rose.
But the rumors are that Joe's coming back.
He's coming back home.
Most of the rumors.
And who's he going to be working with?
What's his name?
Shoeless Joe Jackson?
Oh, yeah.
What's your guy's name?
Jason Jackson.
Jason, you knew it before.
Yeah, I think you've been hitting the sauce there too, man.
How long have I had to do that?
You know.
You did?
Yeah, I didn't have the bear teeny bit out there.
What a-what a drunken brawl this is here today.
What kind of crap is this?
I'm going to start a brawl.
And then we'll give me a bottle.
I'm going to go get some grain on the spoons.
Yeah, I'm going to get grandma boom.
Love in 49.
You know, Eric was right.
We did have a shot at making Trump today.
But you know what?
That's a bad precedent.
Like we got a bad precedent.
We got a precedent who put the mess in Mesopotamia.
We got a bad precedent.
And that would be a bad precedent to get 1200 on the 19th of Julio
in the middle of the Dawg Days.
Then George, four little George.
Then you'd be starting to pull like in the middle of my show
that they before a noon.
I would have started like 10 after 10.
Yeah, the day before.
Right.
And you still won't get a thousand.
Now do you like that?
Well, but I will care.
I still care.
If you put something good on here, like, you know, paper or plastic
or a read of book, yes or no.
Yeah, you're an A.
Overplayed?
Can't play it enough?
What do you think?
See, if we didn't have such a tight race going here,
a three-way race on this one, I would take it down right now
and we could do the other one in a room, you know?
Because we do have to go to do that.
Why?
This is too important to change right now.
What's too important?
The only important thing.
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
We need closure on this.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Closure, yeah.
That was funny.
Oh, look at this.
We're giving away some more stuff on here.
I can't believe we're actually doing this.
Well, why are they doing this?
I mean, it's almost like they're doing something for the show.
Is this because we got to do...
Oh, and also, the guy that replaced Miguel and remember Miguel
had got stabbed in the back of everybody who was a great guy
and was working here for 100 years.
And because Johnny Joe's got all these friends from Raleigh
and he's a foreign everybody and bringing his cronies down.
So the guy that replaced Miguel is leaving soon because
they weren't paying him enough money to support him and his family
he's going to go to work at Target or something.
Is that what you said?
Yes.
That's what we heard.
That's the popular room around it.
So maybe we can bring Miguel back.
What are you saying?
I don't think that will happen there.
We already found a replacement for the replacement.
Oh, that's right.
What's your guy's name?
Fes?
Flee.
Flee.
You know something if you're smart, that's what most of you people
in Florida will do.
Flee.
No, then, now this is another guy that's a good buddy with
the Shoeless Joe Fat Astro.
Fat Astro is bringing all his cronies in.
You know, the good, hardworking people that we've had
there are QM all these years.
And our Fat Astro is knocking them off on like a domino game, baby.
One by one.
Caller number five right now, the WQM contest line wins three 25 dollar gift certificates
to rivals waterfront gorilla Halendale.
Now, is it Halendale or is it Hollywood?
Hollywood.
So what does it say Halendale?
I have Raleigh Raleigh, whoever you're an idiot, man.
Who, who, who, who types of name was Raleigh?
Which is what his name was Raleigh, but it's Raleigh.
Raleigh.
He said he didn't write it.
He didn't write it.
You're okay, Raleigh.
Well, of course he was.
He's going to get fired too.
Yeah, you're going to get canned anyway, so I shouldn't pick on you.
I bet I was a new guy that wrote it.
Yeah, probably the new guy, probably the replacement guy that they're training to read
it.
When they fired your ass, he wrote this crap.
Rivals is in Hollywood, not Halendale, okay?
Not that they're that far apart, okay?
They both start with H.
Yeah, they both start with H.
So does Homo.
So does Holy Moly and Holy Moses.
Caller number five right now, the WQM.
How come he's not answering the phone?
How can he be in there with you?
Well, because you know these guys.
He's already there.
Isn't he a big fat guy?
Rollin' no.
Well, when you hear Rollin', you think like Rollin' Bull.
You sure do, you know?
Don't you?
That's what I think of.
But nevertheless, he's not fat.
By the way, Steve Sloan is the guy's name one of our new sales people.
He sounded like a pretty good guy.
He's a good guy.
He came in there before the show this morning.
He talked to me about some, would you do a spot for that?
I said, hey, you sell it, I'll do it, you know?
That's me.
Is that no credibility like that anyway?
But anyway, he seemed like a real good guy.
He came in here and acted like I knew who he was.
Or at least like I was supposed to know who he was.
And I thought, who the hell are you?
Which I would play that drop it on.
I'm about how I knew.
There you go.
So I know you have it on your thing there on your three.
See, I got important things like that.
Yeah, I'm like, yeah.
And like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Caller number five right now to the queue.
Now, do we have the number?
How can we have the phone number here?
That would help.
What's the number to the content?
Well, print it this thing up, man.
This is the biggest.
It was really.
It was really.
It was $127.056.0, I think?
No, no, say it again slowly.
$880.0227.02560.
$182.270.560, okay?
I mean, wouldn't that be nice?
The queue I'm conscious of.
I like everybody's got it written down under sleeve somewhere
and a palm of their hand.
Or maybe on one cheek.
Correct them.
Jesus, God Almighty.
What the hell is this?
This better be something really important.
Or here's my July one pass from continental airlines.
I've got 80 trillion frequent flyer miles on airlines
that I'll never flag again.
Maybe I should give those to George.
Okay, because you're going to be flying all around the world.
I would like to go to Montana.
For what?
My family?
And something that you don't have to say ever.
You can't.
You live to be a thousand, the wonderful, wonderful wilderness
where people aren't.
That's the only part.
Where people, no, not Shelby.
Where they have the mountains.
The mountains.
The mountains.
They all look like the boosts you.
Where people aren't here.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, where I go, they don't have orange hair.
They don't have hair.
They don't have people.
Do point your own.
It's going to be really hot.
I'll tell you that.
Yes.
$182.270.560.
You're away over 100 now.
Look at that.
All right, it's already gone.
What's already gone?
The five certificates.
Well, of course, that's $75.
Come to number 5 on $75.5 in Rivalson, Hollywood.
Not in Hell in the air.
We're going to find out who put the print of this crap up
and we're going to get it seen before to a clerk.
I hope Mike's going to get us a good deal tonight.
Sure he will.
South, Tom.
The boy says he'll come in a separate car.
He says to you to the go on ahead.
How he can't do that.
It screws up all my arrangements.
Well, that's what he said.
I can't go either, Tom.
Mike, it was only business.
I always liked him.
You understand?
Excuse me, sir.
Sir?
Tom, can you give me a hold of a roll type sink?
Can't do it, Sally.
Are you overwhelmed by the non-stop media coverage
of Paris-Silton?
I mean, you may be suffering from BFS.
Paris-Fittic syndrome.
A debilitating condition that affects the part
of the brain used for thinking.
Fortunately, there is a cure for BFS efforts.
Simply stop watching CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, CNBC, Headline News,
the CVS evening news, ABC World News tonight, NBC Nightly News,
the CVS early show, Good Morning America,
that today's show, Inside Edition, Access Hollywood Entertainment tonight,
the insider in E-News Daily.
Instead, do your brain a favor and listen to...
Deal, God!
There you go.
The next clever way to leave that open air for you to secure your brain.
Yeah, they suck.
We're really clever.
They do, you're right.
Anyway, I'm going to make that pledge, no more Paris-Silton stories,
unless she croaks.
If she croaks, we'll have money here, and we'll have a party on here.
Well, if we get more stories about her assherpes,
we'll read those two, I think.
Well, then 162 votes.
We could have made 12 today, if we could have put the big new rush on that.
But we had too many other raw fish to fry today.
We had lots of stuff going on, and we sold the rival certificates in 19 minutes,
which is a record.
A record?
Yes.
And here, Chris, that was making me feel all guilty and bad about it.
Gee, you're so slow today, you've got all money.
Yeah, it's always your fault.
It's always your fault.
That's right.
Maybe we'll get to a t-shirt that says it's Chris' fault.
We had one from the IOD, and said it's the deals fault that blanket.
If it rains, if somebody farts bad, whatever.
You know about that.
What's somebody farting bad?
Bad, yeah.
I got this for a man.
When you're alone and you can't even stand your own,
that's then you can call that doctor, I think.
I beg your pardon?
If you can't stand it, I think you should call the doctor.
That's something they write.
What are you talking about?
If you fart so bad that you can't stand the smell of it.
Yeah, you think there's something wrong with my fingers?
Yeah, I think you're rotting from the inside out.
You think I'm rotting from the inside out?
I think your flesh is decaying.
Gora, human species in a race for its life, poor owl.
Poor fat owl, you know?
There's an African proverb that says,
if you want to go quick, go alone.
If you want to go far, go together.
We have to go far quickly, former vice president,
Al Gore, told a packed, wrapped house at Benedict Music
tent and Aspen, Colorado yesterday.
With many scientists pointing to a window of less than 10 years
to moderate the effects of global warming,
you said meaningful changes to possible,
but it's a race.
It's a race.
The size of the climate problem worldwide atmosphere
carbon has jumped from 280 to 300 ADS,
three parts from late in the last century.
The polar ice caps are melting three times faster
than anyone's virus prediction.
China is on the verge of surpassing the U.S.
for greenhouse gas emissions,
bark beetles and wildfires are sweeping cross-western forests,
or as end of Sullivan would say, bark beetles.
Here's the beetles.
Temperatures are climbing sea levels rising,
glaciers vanishing.
By some estimates, humans must pull 30 gigatons,
carbon from the atmosphere.
What the hell is that?
Get that up with your phones.
I'm going to get that.
Hello.
Yes, I'm on the air right now doing a radio show.
Okay.
By some estimates, humans must pull 30 gigatons
from the atmosphere to have a shot of reversing such effects.
What we're facing worldwide really is a planetary emergency,
Gore said.
I'm optimistic that we're losing this battle badly,
or this beetle badly.
Gore interviewed by Business Limitary John Doer,
spoke at the Aspen Institute's Green Technivation Network summit,
a gathering of world innovators hoping to boost the development
of green technologies.
It's going to take a 90% decrease in carbon emissions
from developed fossil fuel guzzlers like the US
and a 50% decrease worldwide to get a handle on the problem,
Gore said.
Changes it will take major leaps of political will,
far beyond what current policy is feasible.
That reduction, which would be mandated by a worldwide treaty,
could happen through carbon taxes,
cap and trade, technological innovations,
energy conservation and efficiency,
it continues, long since it's accompanied by a major grassroots
public shift to sustain that the level is sur.
Are you following this good?
No.
Gore advised the audience to compare the blue orb
of the Earth to Venus where a died time temperature
is reached 867 degrees Fahrenheit and a rain sulfuric acid.
The two planets have the same amount of carbon-gore explained,
but Venus just happens to be in the atmosphere
while most of the Earth's still locked underground.
The habitability of this plant of human beings
really is at risk, he said.
So is there room for optimism faced with a specter of Venus?
Gore thinks so, but it's not in the current parade
of presidential candidates or the slow-come related bills
moved through the US legislature measures Gore called baby steps.
Baby steps.
It's going to depend on what the hearts and minds of the people are.
He said, next part of the motivation for Gore's recent
live-reuth event, a 24-hour seven-content concert series
that featured more than 100 musicians,
hoping to raise awareness of these solutions to global warming.
Live-Earth reached countless consurgers,
he said, as well as more than 8 million people by web streaming.
And of course, isn't that what it's all about?
Let's sing a lot of songs and set it on and so on.
Add to that the fact that Gore spent 30 years
trying to bring the world around to the efforts of global climate change
and last several touring with a slideshow,
not the Oscar-winning documentary,
Inc. Incombing the Truth Writing Books,
and teaching 1400 people worldwide
how to deliver the global warming message
in several different languages.
Next week it'll be China, then India.
It's a different kind of campaign.
You know, the one that surpasses what he might be able to accomplish
and a bit for the presidency in 2008.
Dealing with this climate crisis is not only what we have to do.
It's our chance to get our act together.
He's had pointed the escalating loss of tropical forest.
The crisis in Darfur, the destruction of global fisheries.
The problem is so big,
any solution must be comprehensive,
and it should be a wake-up call.
These are not political problems.
They're more imperatives.
Al said.
Al Gore.
Big fat Al Gore.
I think he's part of the problem himself.
Can you imagine how much he's sending
to the Al-Gor.
Oh, I really imagine.
My God, every time he farts,
it sends that thing up a notch.
The 1180 votes on the world famous pool here
and let's take a look at how we're doing.
How they're doing.
Well, we're not.
I mean, you're in the hunt.
You're certainly in the top five, I think, to stay.
The most obnoxious soft-water video personality
is Hank Goldberg to 18.
It's still a battle, though.
And the battle for second place is tighter than a wish.
Oh, there's Tammy Fei who weighs four pounds.
And her battle with cancer would Larry again.
Larry's obsessed with Tammy.
Uh-huh.
I didn't know Larry was gay.
You know, I thought that's her problem.
I think he was gay.
Like your buddy Carlos,
freaky Carlos out there at the front.
Is he obsessed with Tammy Fei?
Yes, yes.
It's a fact thing, you know, apparently.
Hank Goldberg to 18, Steve Kane, Mr. Ego 202.
Sid Rosenberg Schwartz, Cranc,
201, who's not the big morning star across the street.
Wait till you see his number.
Can we rent the amount of Palomar telescope?
Dan LeBaster in 127.
George Rodriguez, you eclipse the hundred market
and then you kind of slow down.
505.
You realize we have 1180 votes on the pool?
We could have easily made 1200.
If Chris would have just been a little more assertive.
Sorry about that.
I'll try harder on that too then.
28 votes you've got me by George's God 105.
I've only got 77.
And you know what that reminds me of when I say 77?
77!
That's right.
Every time I read a number with 77.
Gildi's got 67.
What about Gildi, man?
He's killing us.
He's going to kick our ass.
Anybody believe in that?
You know the thing about him that really amazes the hell out of me?
Well, and people like him is that he really believes he belongs on the air.
That's the thing that's scary to me.
People keep building it.
Well, I can't stand over 33.
Still gots.
30.
How many still gots, guys?
About 30, man.
Man, dog 27.
Kenny Walker 25.
Kim Bocaver 25.
Joe Rose 23.
The big old Orlando Elzacquiri's got 13.
Jim DeFeedis has got 4 and Defoe has got only 3.
I don't think they would say that Defoe is obnoxious.
Just unlistenable, yeah?
Is what they're really trying to say.
Or should I think?
Un?
Un?
Listenable.
And you know who destroyed him.
I've printed this a million times anyway.
Your boy, your boy is Steve Nichol.
Destroyed him and his show.
You have a boy.
Your boy Steve Nichol, baby.
He's a big fan of yours.
Uh-huh.
It's Steve Ho!
If I am each house, you're at 56o WQA.
All right.
Don't lie.
All the Harper.
Don't love them every time I see.
Don't love them every time I see.
Don't love them every time I see.
That's the kind of dimwitch.
Don't love them every time I see.
Oh, he's president of the f***er.
Rap out the gif muscle in.
And in our kingdom and India.
I don't know why they wanted one.
Just y'all, but now he's here.
First person in there for you.
With president of the f***er.
Rap out the gif muscle in.
Or would I get to go and vote for small?
And get to we all voted for.
Oh, why?
Yeah, you want this?
Don't love them every time I see.
That's the kind of dimwitch.
And in our kingdom and India.
Don't love them every time I see.
He's president of the f***er.
Yeah, don't care what it took.
You got him in by hooker crocs.
We'll Christian ride.
No one's better than you and I.
But how come fear we've got a great leader here.
With president of the f***er.
Rap out the gif muscle in.
Rap out the gif muscle in.
Rap out the gif muscle in.
