owdie
the tongue and tongue
but they'll get it through it
Tosses their hot dogs when your fin is too wet
Heavily with the K-Miles
Oh, it's a quick time for K-Miles
And all employees as they K-Miles
Get fired out of the way
No more pills on two shots but underwear
No more fussy slippers to 99 a pair
No more obnoxious, defy me this day
Too bad the night's coming back here again
Tell me where the K-Miles
Oh, now it's quick time for K-Miles
And all employees as they K-Miles
Get fired out of the way
There's the word schwa come to mind, huh?
But I used to shop when I was there
When I was there six, seven years ago
I shopped at the K-Miles just to piss off the people at Walmart
Yeah, I do that with Tosses
Not that they paid any attention
But I shouldn't have held a big sign
Hey, I'm the Elijah's, I'm shoppin' at K-Miles
Just because I can't stand you back to do with their Walmart
And they always say, yeah, who cares?
Who cares, you fad old faggot?
That's what they would've said
By the way, I got a fact yesterday afternoon
Ladies and gentlemen, this is quite a day today for me
This is a revolutionary day, this is two in a row
Now what was yesterday was such a big deal above
I don't know, was Huzha
Oh, with early release day
Well, that's right, we had the unexpected Marlon's Astros game
How'd that come out Chris, who won a game?
Anybody care?
No, they lost four to them
Oh, the Marlon's lost?
Oh, the Marlon's, we don't care
And today is a revolutionary, every day
Just keeps bringing bigger and better, more wonderful news
The sun is shining, it's gonna be
Let's see what the temperature is in case castrenable
Once they're ready on the sleeve and put it on the show tomorrow
Let's see, oh, it's minus 10
It looks really nice sitting here looking outside
What's that? It's gonna be only a zero
But sunny, it's beautiful
Camarro's gonna be five, which is 41 and Thursday
It's gonna be 18 Celsius
Alright, 65 degrees
But that's gonna be a good day for me to do the show running around naked
My box is sure it's outside on the street, wouldn't it be good?
Yeah, it would be, take that cordless mic with you
No, I could do it
So yesterday afternoon, I get, let's see, what's the time of this?
I don't know what it is
I don't know, like
No, it's funny, because it says 11.44 am, which is not the correct time
No, I guess the facts machine has the wrong time on it
Must be on the specific time
One minute after the end of the show
No, two all-one yesterday afternoon, I get a fact from George Rodriguez
And it says, it's from the script of the Godfather
And it says, Salvatortescio brings in Luca Brassi's bulletproof vest
Delivered with a fish inside
Sonny Santino says, what the hell is this?
And then...
Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
It's a Sicilian message, it means Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
It says, Pete Clemenza
Right
And George writes, I looked it up, you're right, I'm wrong
Well, that's pretty powerful, of course, isn't it?
Is that the way the world works?
That's the wrong way, I'm right, all the time, just ask me and I'll tell you
I mean, what's it I'm all I get right? Not too often
Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
Let's just play that all of it, huh?
Yeah, I like it a lot
Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
Can't you tell by the...
Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
Jesus, God, anybody that's seen a movie 600 times like we all have
and you don't know that's Clemenza?
In fact, I want you to listen, let's see
Canoli, let's try and be able to get 400 drop-ins on here
Now let's listen to some Tessio, huh?
Get some Tessio, so you can hear how they sound
We all have an E-Tessio, we gotta have that
Forget about words, we listen
It leaves it good, take the Canoli
Sounds different
It sounds different, it sleeps with the fish
It sounds different
You gotta have the get me off the...
Even Sunny won't be able to call up Luca Brassi
Yeah, well, let me worry about Luca
The interesting part about this thing is that all these years we've been calling him Luca Brassi
And his name is...
Luca Brassi
Yeah, it's Brassi, we're trying to renew that, like in Brassi
In fact, even in the DCS here, it's got Luca Brassi under...
Long Coyote
Under that drop, I put it that...
That Clemenza line, because Clemenza says Brassi
Do you know what I mean?
Do I have to find it again?
Yes, I just got off it at them, a section here
Now you're gonna make me go back there again?
Yes
Where Clemenza, Pete Clemenza says...
Luca Brassi sleeps with the fish
Yes, it's Brassi, Brassi
Not Brassi
Grazie
Grazie
Grazie
Yeah, let's start Palatariani on the Oshawa
There we go
Mamma mia
Yeah, Mamma mia
That's the spicy meatball
Mamma mia
Anyway, let's get this thing going to do now
Everybody to call in yesterday is ready to call back again today and then someone we had a short...
What?
That was great, that's my kind of show
Right, see if you can say something different today too, that'd be really good
No, I like the guy, the young guy, the call didn't...
I don't wanna say kid, I don't know how old he was
It means to me anybody under 80 is a kid
But he said, I don't know what I'm supposed to say
That was good
Maybe he'll call back and say that again today, what do you think?
Maybe he'll have something to say
I'm kinda refining, I'm refining the show, Jack Ma'am
I'm just not refining, I'm just retuning it, I'm rejiggering it, can I say that?
No
No
I'm re-tooling it, I don't think I can say that either
Retuning, fine tuning
W-Q-A-M, hello
Dolphin Denny
Calling from the other side, Dolphin Denny is dead
Yeah, we hit that story yesterday and a lot of people had parties overnight
That's bad
W-Q-A-M, hello
Neil, a little question for you real quick
Do you remember Mary's restaurant up there in...
Sure, 125th and 441, I used to live right by there, Twin Lakes Racket Club
I've heard you talked about the other last hole
Back when my people had there, yes
Do you remember the 3-tarded bus point of you used to work there?
No, but I remember one of the waiters was a... A... A treane
Yes, so one of the waitresses was a guy
There was one old waitress
He called me on a year-one there. Years ago, there was what?
And the friend of mine used to work there, years before years
He's probably 40 years old, still bumping tables
and he said one of the waitresses there was sucked up mean middle ladies she
challenged him to a fight what I must have been this one I must have been
the guy anyway I thought you don't remember that I've heard I think I've heard
you talk about it you talk I love marries it was good they were had the great
pizza at marries but of course it's long gone now maybe the selling fried
chicken there now or something like that that wasn't like kind of an ethnic
comment there wasn't no just changing neighborhoods it's like washed in
Avenue on the beach used to be the famous restaurant all Jews used to be
there going like that and now it's all all Cubans over there watching
that's domino well Cuban restaurant that's what the famous became yes I'm
Washington Avenue I don't know it's your territory it is not no not last time
I was there it's just well you are sure who could have liked me in my parade
today I haven't been in this good of a mood since I had one of woodbarned last
about a hundred years ago I'm trying to think that I ever win a woodbarn I
sure can't remember that it's getting boring it's getting really monotonous well I
need absolutely right now you know my friend that I met in Berlin last
this summer I have no idea what his name is but it hunts hunts yeah it's a
hunts on a coral with a cave whatever name was that that's what I need to
show up here after I do on the weekend like Saturday morning say oh forget
about going to a woodbarn I'll just combine entertain you all weekend long
that's what I need that would be just fine wq i m hello
he is really completely is it a nice him oh yeah that is him wq a m hello
oh I went up to Georgia regga yeah about what oh I just want to ask a question
am I in here yeah oh yeah I know huh I'm sorry don't be sorry about no go ahead
ask me this thing well I just want to get a female for what oh I just want to
ask me a question about something well about what I got to know Jorge at
Neil Rogers dot com yeah okay thank you yeah come on I just screwed it all up I
wanted to hear what the question was worried I'll tell you what the question is
when he sends me the he's oh my god that is so bad you know the little tease
mm-hmm yeah we have new format on the show now although I do here's the pool
hope he's gonna be closer I want to take I want to take at least 40,000 calls
today I was inspired to do this by one of my
a couple of my consultants out there 1412 votes on the pool yesterday over the
last 10 years what is QM's best morning show and the answer was it all buzz
me now don't zap me oh they all sucked 325 they all sucked that's bad how
it's turned 264 boy do we remember those days when Duff was sitting in there
with those headphones looking like a real lady wow looking like the real
lady that she is but anyway that's ancient history Howard Stern well a little
bit we carried out it oh how is playing forts again you better yeah a
farrow 200 for farrow the second first team Defoe Joe Rosen Geldy even though
everybody hates Defoe like poison 194 the original first team which what did
you tell me was it was a Dave Lamont and Jimmy Cifilis correct I'm in 47 for
them and I don't I don't know from that Hank 109 as in PT 109 it's Hank 109 I
hate this poll 82 a mere 5.8% that's not bad more in Geldy that's only 50
that's pretty weak Kenny and Boa the morning show which is what we got now
avoided last place on this which is thankful for that 25 votes pretty weak
though 1.7% what they seem to be really stuck on that number you know 1.7%
25 votes for the Kenny and Boa morning show when they change the shape of
that table man it's gonna change the shape of radio for years to come and
Defoe Geldy the broad and the other guy only 16 bringing up the rear as they
say in the radio but it's bringing up the rear you're gonna see man we're
turning the corner I'm so full of them and vinegar and whatever goes with vinegar
today you you can't even believe it can you I don't know it starts with a P yeah
P don't be a P on it's one thing if somebody wants to P on you but don't be a
P on what they call those flowers P and ease pansies no P and ease seriously I
don't know from pansy believe me I know pansies okay I know plenty of pansy no
P and ease they're like aren't they yellow and whatever don't know you better
start learning your flowers mister because you know those squasky when it comes
to flowers I don't and Chris the good news is we got 880 votes on today's
poll already we haven't even started yet we got no dropouts on the streaming
thank thanks guy so we're getting to the days pool and we start out with George
admitting for once this is the first time I think in 17 years I was right and
George was wrong ghosty show if you keep if you keep plugging away plugging away
sooner or later just by the luck of the draw look a brush his sleeves with the
fishers
I do nice college boy yeah they want to get mixed up in the family business now
you want to go and down a police captain like a selection of face a little bit
huh what do you think this is the army where you shoot him a mile away you got to
get a close like this the big your brother brains all over you nice I
release suit come in you're taking us very close
oh
oh
don't don't don't
now where did this come from that somebody actually come in and do this I think
I would be on here remember that Rick and Sud would have musical guests and
every now and again yeah this is the cello playing yes Valerie Boncucci
wet cup would cut out
Valerie Boncucci would cut the harpist oh I know that oh this is the cello
the the heart lady was a Valerie I forget this guy's name because he's that
nugly but Valerie was pretty sorry to remember her name
don't want to end up a sour note I think he had an age
oh
you're very loving okay ten eighteen don't start getting gone father
intensively into the audience will turn on you like a cornered right you'll
say no they want nine hundred one votes on the pull already barbara to Chris's
breathes shy relief and don't don't you dare start talking about this oh does
this a different kid that's missing from a front party we got more missing kids
going on inside Owen Hall it's not known if the body is that of the nineteen
year old conference is going on at this hour so we should learn more that
category turtle looking at the the went in the hills and disappeared in
North Carolina I don't really care much about him but all body funding utility
closet of Purdue University that's bad because this could look pretty good but
anyway see the good looking people you guys can stay alive and those of us
did people I mean they know nine or one on the pull if somebody from out of
town visits out Florida make sure they don't miss blank and look what's
women here looky looky looky here comes cookie as we're gonna say if he were
alive which he's not the near Roger show 262 what did I tell you about the
legendary Neil God what I tell you if somebody from out of town visits make
sure they don't miss this show 262 I would advise them not to come that was my
vote that's a very close second 261 forget about it that would be my best
suggestion anybody out there whose chamber of commerce hates me but I don't
you know feelings mutual if you're thinking about visiting South Florida got
about it right that's the best advice South Beach 180 I hate this pool 52 only
5.7 percent we'll take it not bad sawgrass mills mall 32 no sampling
place IE oh no no chance if you if you can't afford to go all the way to Brazil
just go to the sawgrass 32 for the saw right that that's pretty said comment
you know little have Anna 23 oh you don't want to miss that oh the
relief bird dinner 18 tied with cemetery village 18 in fact you can start
cemetery village and take some of the old cockers up and treat them to an early
bird the jungle queen dinner crews 18 the my Kai 16 which is still there
putting on those it's still a tourist trap there used to be that great Italian
restaurant right to the next door to it or almost next door called and then it
became like a strip club GGs remember how many time I've talked about that
place GG yes oh that's about a hundred years ago man it was good I was back
in the 60s GGs but now the my Kai is still there 18 16 monkey jungle 11 and the
Metro zoo only 10 boy Ron McHill ain't gonna be happy with us on that and Chris
Hates Ron McHill like poison anyway for some reason yeah what is it because you
think he's a jackass he's folly well folly folly baloney which rhymes with
bony moroni uh-oh he's phony and what way when the cameras on are there's you
know puts on a good act exactly and then when the camera started on the
track any animals around a little bit I know about that
that's why those Iraq so that's sad look under one good so there we go 913
votes we got a thousand lick nothing that's what it's after the top of the
first hour today dog Thompson do I dare read this from Capitol Hill blue I will
because once we get these calls man it's gonna be a heavy heavy day wq
way I think I call hello Neil God yes sir Mary's restaurant now pre-owned
cuisine what I tell you changing hoods man hey I'm a third generation listener and
I was very disappointed yesterday when the Marlins came on I had to put the button
and I pushed the button and went over to sit Rosencreen stands you know
my mom what's your David is boyfriend and he was talking about the odds of who
was gonna win dancing with the stars oh all right I'm pathetic is that thanks
for the good news that is beyond pathetic thank you very much
out of all I said Rosenstein cramps you keep it up dancing with a star that's
worth that anyway dog Thompson says I'm trying and failing to understand why
me the press gave an indicted former member of Congress a corrupt
politician to resign and disgrace a forum upon which to expose hate and
division Sunday as president Bush is illegal in a moral Iraq war
enters its 50 year is Tim Russell so desperate for controversy that he has to
book Tom delay easily one of the most criminal political hacks in Washington on
the top rated Sunday news talk show and let him call war protesters unpatriotic
and claim that anybody wants to end the Iraq war is aiding and abiding the
enemy delay is political vermin one step away from a jail cell for
influence peddling and taking grabs and yet there he was on eat the press being
treated with difference by Lackdog Russert instead of pretending to any
standard journalism or decency Russert let delay expand on why he thinks
those who protest the war are not patriots said delay well it's my opinion
that when you go to war we ought to all come together so to speak we can debate
going to war that's a legitimate debate but once you have our soldiers and
our our young people dying on the battlefield we should come together and we
shouldn't have what we had yesterday in the mall in Washington DC when those
are not in my mind my opinion patriots that are talking about impeaching
they commander in chief when asked if he thought congressional attempts to
set it with drawday forgetting the hell out of a rack fell into the same
category delay replied I think it's aiding and abiding the enemy when you tell
the enemy what your strategy is that's aiding and abiding the enemy because they
can use that strategy come back and harm your soldiers Russert who some
feels a strong interview or let delay walk all over him when he tried to
question delay on his praise a failed former secretary defense rums for
all delay shot back the premise of your question is always put forward
without the rest of the story and maybe we ought to have Paul Harvey here to talk
about the rest of the story good day Russert said nothing and didn't push to
get an answer to his question and steady went to another guest it's bad enough
that corrupt slime like Tom Delay remained in Congress as long as he did it's
worse that after as many crimes finally cut up with him and he was forced to
resign by his own Republican colleagues he's then given a podium on a
national news show to continue his hate filled diet tribes his claim that we
ought to all come together as political hypocrisy of the worst kind in Congress
delay thrived on dividing and conquering he refused to cooperate work to destroy
any attempts at coalition building Tom Delay is a crook he was so corrupt that
even in the past Republican leadership of Congress itself the most
corrupt in modern times they could no longer tolerate his presence Tim Russert
is not a journalist he's a political hack an on practicing lawyer who worked
for New York Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan in New York Governor Mario Cuomo
Crooks belong in jail not on television political hacks belong in the dust
been of history Tim Russert owes his viewers an apology for giving a crook
a national form then he owes journalism the decency to resign and let
somebody with real credentials take over eat the press nice going doggy how do
you feel a real feel the field is they like that he's good yes one of these days
that we're gonna say open it up Thompson they you know they tried to drag his
answer way that one time remember they ever find it the cave he's hiding it yeah
well he's probably hanging out with a caveman got away knows what they're doing
in there oh dancing you're all in common east is that would be a good poll
question how much how much would they have to pay you to have sex with the
caveman with the pissed off caveman oh god how many how many million 30
million for me even then I don't think I can handle it well 925 and a pool
Chris is dancing because I'm he's all excited about this he's real whipped up
about the days when we don't have to worry about pushing for the thousand
aren't you yes oh yes love just pretend you are okay two o'clock it's the
mad dog four to five it's the power hour with mad dog only which I don't know
I don't know I just doesn't say two to five gym managed because when Hank isn't
around which is today there it's the amiens is stupid is what it is first but
then again that's you stupid cut past it any K five to six thirty when people
are actually awake driving home any K panther preview at six thirty panthers that
they fulfill your flyers that should be a walkover seven o'clock tonight must
win situation any chance of those playoffs no any interest in town no we love
the pan through remember those days what was your name Jolene Jolene Jolene Daniel
wow we don't have that in here though doing I think it's on a mini disc it is
on me this somewhere but we do have this by this is Brett Heddykin and you're
listening to South Florida's hockey authority Neil Rogers thanks Brett we remember
him
from the makers of queer eye for the street guy it's queer eye for the omniscience
this look it's right where'd you get this my wife made it for me our job is to make you more
sophisticated we love you we like you we love what you're all out get your hands off my
later holes in I love this this is very well for spring of three everything's better
in cash here I'm going to get beat up by my friends oh my god fantastic this is phenomenal
even my cow laugh at me see how much more handsome you look already that looks gorgeous
this freaking out queer eye for the omniscience you look like I'm going to die okay 1031
I'm going to show you better watch out which closet you're hanging out in this kidded
Purdue you know this which that picture you don't look all I could anymore so I don't feel
that bad this so wait Stephanie kid 19 years old Purdue University student he thought that
he was getting into the coat closet to get his coat out coat closet coat oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh sorry
coat coat as in a coat of paint they had a coat closet and then he went into a
open the wrong was a transformer in there with like some other closet and he got electrocuted
he got fried he got fried man that's bad that sucks well no most college kids get fried soon
or later you as much as they can generally mm-hmm okay now let's get these phones fried up here baby
because I want to have just like we had yesterday only we had a short show yesterday so we we had
to cut off a lot of good entertainment I want to see if this audience can do it okay if they can
come through now that may have been a once in a lifetime thing you know you never know for sure five six
seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've rise in singular wireless line let's see how long
we can keep it going I mean obviously the commercial breaks come first because that's all we care
about here is the money but I'm just talking about generally speaking you know mm-hmm let's see how
long these people can can maintain the momentum today little more momentum WQA and hello oh
yes sir so long what do you got hey Debbie do you know they can't on the Godfather video again yeah
it's good you should try it okay great WQA who hey and hello you can't
it and can't it okay didn't hear from me yesterday did we maybe that's why I was so good WQA and hello
hey Nail in regards to your poll uh there's the key is the people I like that come to town I
sent on the jungle queen the people I don't like I said that they need and have more for pirates world
and have a look for your Dave Dixon while you're at it too
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've risen singular wireless line WQA and hello
I'm you great show WQA and hello and you yes sir hey hey don't buddy okay buddy I
called you come with you guys I told you I was excited about going to Las Vegas yeah well I went
there I found a good machine man we were fortunate but it wasn't a quarter I'm not a high
I'm not only sharp nace diverse but I did okay on the quarter machine yeah I just want to let
you know that okay we don't care five six seven oh five sixty nobody cares okay Schmuck and
pound five sixty the other rising singular wireless line no shard and ace nace nifers nifers
everybody said yeah nobody cares how you did on a quarter machine or the nickel machine or the
dollar machine or the five dollar machine don't you understand it like that kind of call this
there we used to go out to Vegas Neil yeah every week in fact I'm leaving right now how do you
like that lifeless man I have no life thanks to my look at the big billboards all up and down
I 95 and a Florida turn pack I have no life WQA and hello like to speak to mr. Neil Rogers please
another man phony borstow hi how's our roll I know I know what you were relaxed I know who it is
he's doing all the different forces today at least it's a change of pace or is it calm down with
you QAM hello hi there I'd like to add something to the poll I think we should put the
other glates on the poll for places to go in South Florida for visitors okay straight to the
other glates we'll show you the arrow okay just to hitchhike your way out there all right five six
to the every way it's when you come right down to it and it's almost as exciting as the fact
that the guy found a good quarter machine in Vegas Jesus God Almighty are you people boring God
WQA and hello hey Neil yes George if you received the pictures of my package that I said
you get the package you get the package with the pictures of his package on a small packet
just that they don't open it yet WQA and hello yeah there is I wonder if I don't know if you
talked about it yesterday did you catch that on your phone but I'm jikah about somebody
said it and I threw it in the waste basket because his right wing political leanings are coming
through a big time but global warming you mean hey time around idiot he said he said we're
wasting time showing authority yeah yeah yeah and the algorithm this and you mama hey one thing
about time jikah yeah idiot can't get away from his right wing leanings okay there's no
search thing and much to do about nothing stick to the radio and TV and like I said stick to the
TV that's right about radio because he doesn't own one anymore I guess stick to the TV crap stick
all those prefabricated articles about the fall TV shows okay because they keep winding and dining
him out there in LA a couple of times a year to preview the new shows and write a bunch of puff
pieces about this show is gonna be great this show is gonna suck it's really it's very entertaining
not once upon a time we have people write about radio and TV you write about what was happening on
the on the local scene you know and here I said 1200 miles away and I got a better I got a
better grasp of what's going on and he's got because he's too busy worried about you know about
algorithm global warming shmuck w-d-q-a-m hello um thank you for number you know what it is
somebody q-a-a-q-a-m hello yes I want to talk about places to visit yeah okay I'm listening
center spinyar what is it the San Jose Pinyar the street joint you got a joint
well bring it by it we'll share okay I'll bring the dominoes too okay w-d-q-a-m hello
yes I want to talk to Neil please speaking sir yes Neil when you were just talking about the
tom jicke I remember it's funny because you mentioned about his leanings I was at a fun razor totally
unmeaning what is it party yeah huh go ahead yeah and uh they ran into us I'm uh front you know
birdstone and steve shugerman and uh Andy and he's a shugerman I mean uh bird
shugerman and steve stone there was a guy Andy Rothman and uh jicke was there
who the hell knows who these people are you're talking about you don't know Andy Rothman no I never
heard of Andy Rothman okay all right what about the steve stone and bird shugerman's a brother
and all okay these stones boyfriends is that who you're talking about no no no no what is this
have to do with whoever you were talking about in the first place which by now I forgot already the
article by Tom jicke well he I want this guy to do with fricking Tom jicke and bird shugerman and
steve stones boyfriends what does that got to do with it yeah Andy Rothman was there yeah he's
talking about the four that was Andy Rothman okay he was talking about the four is Andy Rothman sir
who is he he is a friend of ours you know like in good fellows or donnie bratscoe he's a friend of mine
or a friend of ours yeah oh no that was the end that it was just he was just he was just
working on the front of ours wow whoo bird shugerman remember that well they did they call
steve stone and tell him Larry shugerman decided whatever the hall of work shugerman David
shugerman's mothers that David shugerman's mothers that I that must have been one of steve stones
old boyfriends why 154 votes on the pool if someone from out of town visits out for to make sure
they don't miss the neo-wadger show he's speaking legendary a legendary old fat faggot man trust me
280 votes to 84 now just it just flipped again you see that fling flip wow didn't feel anything
961 votes 264 284 excuse me for the neo-wadger show 272 say advise them not to come that's what I said
don't do it I'm begging you don't do it don't waste your hard earned money coming to this outdoor
assess pool south beach 195 see a lot of plastic people with a lot of heavy jewelry a lot of
mottikones and boiaronis I hate this pull 55 5.7 percent saw grass mills mall 34 what's the
maggot there what's the big magnet saw grass mills I don't know isn't any little amount of 25
early bird dinner 21 cemetery village 18 sunny the jungle queen dinner crews 18 the mychai 16
get about 20 or 30 them Polynesian drinks in you man and you run around naked up and down
federal highway my chai 16 metro zoo 12 and the monkey jungle 11 and that's pretty much how much
now the parrot jungle is gone isn't it is it still there they moved in yeah so what's wrong
with them are we like uh I wish I put them on there what's wrong with them parrots yeah put the
parrot jungle on there I mean it's for the birds but then again what isn't in South Florida the
freaking parrot jungle 20 before 11 and we're just getting started on the phone today you ain't
heard nothing yet oh the last one maybe harder time
challenge this is me oh my god
rags
I had a chicken and pay one day she flew away to teo on a web of moon is the double is
but with our right wing censorship there are words that mustn't slip to truly tell you how
I feel for
you
I'll see you with
teo one or two
now if you see gay tell her I'm at sunny stay and the FCC won't let me sing this
so I wrote you day now if you see gay take her hand gently say that after this transmission
I'll be out in 90 days oh
hey
I'll see you with teo one I go one I go but gotta keep with teo one I just
I'm dying on the air 976 votes on a full tonight even 11 o'clock yet what do you think of that Chris you
don't do you think we got 12 hundred uh licked you think at 1200 today I just already
pick it a number wow go and we're shooting for 12 baby shooting for the moon
567 I look at that phone see what I said about I don't think they can do it again today and was
only a short show yesterday of course I think they're probably figuring they got a top that last
guy with the um David Sugarman's mother whatever how he was talking right they don't have to
no pressure they don't have to top it that's right no pressure man whatever you got even a guy
that called yesterday that punk that called and said I really don't know what to say that's good
enough okay for this show now from this day forward okay mark it down on your arm like the guy
Memento Tuesday March 20th Fedole Uncle Leo comes on here and says you don't have to have any
material just pick up that phone okay if we can motivate you to call that's a start and then one
of these days maybe you will have material unlikely but just keep working at it you know practice
makes perfect five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixteen what's this delay
cases of manual CW cover to one there I mean this is always a short one hello
always a short one WQA and hello this is gonna hurt me more than it hurts you laddie I should
miss that Friday your little douche what is he talking about oh they're coming up with expressions
again for Friday's pull wow yeah WQA and hello you are for it I still got nothing to say
hey that was an am either now that wasn't one stealing some other punk's material I was really bad
that's pathetic five six seven oh five sixty come on let's get these things burn in baby
burn baby burn let's burn it right down take the phone and burn it to the ground and
pound five sixty in the Verizon and singular wireless line WQA and hello
WQA and hello
hey Neil yes sir how do you know you have it you're in Toronto that's right
uh billboard between commercial are you going to start with the thing with the birds again with
the bird droppings yeah get out of here oh Jesus God and there's this there's this sign of
a highway that says I 95 I wonder what that means God are you people dumb Jesus Christ how many
causes we had about that stupid billboard thing although I will say this at least they got billboards
and there's some people noticing them yeah let's try the QM promotion coming I think that if we
stop buying staples and paper clips maybe we can afford enough for like a not a billboard but like a
poster you know like the gel can walk up and down Lincoln Road mall with a you know okay one of
those what do they call those things sandwich board a sandwich board on his ass that's it or just
to say which he can go ask boarding WQA and hello yeah these people with the billboards are sharpest
hey what's sharpest a monster ball baby what is it yeah with dolphin Danny God is that kind of like
um in Boston when they blew up that baseball and all the luck came back to Red Fox yeah kind of
like that right maybe that's an old man maybe the dolphins are gonna have a big season now the
dolphin Danny bit the does that's a terrible thing to say about a guy that was there for a very
long time even though most fans hated him like poison but nevertheless WQA and hello my favorite ice
uh-huh WQA M hello after all these years Chris Pond and I'm still with these guys
and after all these years we still can't say deep background here how do you like that yeah I don't
I don't either we can't say much of anything well you've excuse me and well Joyce said this and
Joyce said that and the local sensor might be listening and but if you put a boop at a bop and you know
the local sensor is big and busy with Joe Rose right now okay the local self-appointed sensor
WQA M hello hello Neil yes hey Neil how you doing okay uh just uh my dad is a diabetic you have
uh diabetes right that is correct because he is obviously a pretty obese and he draws like 58 pounds
in five months at this medication it's sort of like an in little injectable it's called
Bayeda have you heard of it no yeah it's for type two and basically you inject it twice
today and I don't know what it's doing in but it's actually uh reduced the sugars and he's off like
50 pounds well how did what did it have to do with losing the weight taking uh
all right okay we it does something to your brain that says I you tell your brain that you're full
now you don't eat that much really yeah yeah so it's you know check it out by a dot
b-y-e-t-t-e-a okay I'll go steal some today all right thanks Pond by yeah I see I'm not
injecting anything I take oral medication can I say oral on your oh there's a fine yeah
it's a fine oh we're fine that sounds fine to me anyway I just take you know pills I don't take
I don't inject once you start injecting I think that's like for sure one day you're going to die you
know I mean I don't want to say anytime soon look at this looky looky looky here comes cookie
995 baby what an explosive day this is man 985 we got carried away but we still got a shot for
a thousand before eleven o'clock see you might as well keep pushing for greater rayomasan
bigger and better man to be bigger and better uh goals man the bigger the goals are you have
989 we need 11 votes in nine minutes any any clown could do that wqa m hello
100 and 995 are a cured way but we still got a shot for a thousand you're trying to have a little
louder I enjoy hearing a sound I don't know what's the point wqa m hello that's funny that's funny
yeah what's there no me no yeah m-w-dqa m hello yes how you doing man great man hey I will ask I
was gonna ask you if he's thrown is that the guy the best player player on his being based on games
is he what is he the one he's thrown is he the one the best player player on the
you've been based on games yes he's good yes he was a pitcher for the Orioles he was a uh all-star pitcher
oh man what a disappointment so far well wouldn't send me what a disappointment why you want to go
back what a disappointment because Steve Stone is you know one of them uh medical in fact when he
was doing the cub games with Harry all the time I toyed to this Harry could use to just make you know he
would make uh funny comments on here because you knew that uh you know Steve Stone was as close to
being out as you positive he had like one leg out and the other one four toes out you know I mean
and Harry would make some comment about how you know Steve was gonna have to start making babies
and having children and Steve says I don't think it works that way Harry like that well some
like that in fact the Harry would say I guess you got to find a white first oh and then Harry would
say let me have another beer what it's true yeah what nothing it's funny it is that story
that doesn't do it either I heard nine eighty nine under four well that I must have to refresh it
because I think we had ninety nine when I said last time that's not good oh nine ninety seven
woo they're coming in a big smelly chunks can you smell them hmm big improvement over that
tar on the roof WQA and hello hey whatever happened to the trumpet sounds or the trombone sounds
we're supposed to hear what what is that mean you were supposed to hear all the time
not supposed to but you're not allowed to play let me ask you this yeah and bring back my
okay another programmer right there okay if I ask somebody for programming advice that's one
thing okay I that's great I ask certain consultants out there who are like real fans of the show
who understand the ins and the outs and the ups and the down the in the yang and that crap
but when somebody starts calling unsolicited and giving me a song today or like when somebody else
out there starts to hey play old Neil again today hey Chris cut the crap okay
if it was up to him I would just play old Neil on an endless looper be to the whole four hours
sounds like a plan though WQAM hello what do you mean funny George you know what him WQAM hello
WQAM hello QAM hello
Neil yes I have a question about your poll when you say the monkey jungle are you referring to liberty city
5 6 7 0 5 60 as soon as he called you know what I'm saying 5 6 7 0 5 0 call up your rows and ask
him okay start the same kind of racial psychosis that seems to be the area of expertise okay let's
see what kind of racial rotesquery we can put on here and then start a big simmissive out of
okay and everybody start like that you know same old tired crap but you'll see it'll be
better than yesterday you'll catch on I mean that's that's my new format now a few bedtime stories
a few very like this one about the mayor of Salt Lake City month for it to be impeached look at
to that like the Doug Thompson article that that's worth the price of emission no extra charge only on
the show you won't hear Sid Rosenstein cramps in between talking about dancing with the stars
giving the Indian for about Doug Thompson thousand and four votes on a poll it's not even 11 o'clock
yet let's hear it okay is that revolutionary is that legendary or what thousand and four freaking
votes man what you better start catching up with it because the train is left the station and
you're still sitting there on the but on the bench if you ask me in Delray in Delray in Delray
look a brought she sleeps with the fish in Delray would it be something if Luca brought
she sleeps with the early birds that would be bad yeah you let me worry about Luca I love when he
put his when he put his hand on the bar remember yeah and he grabbed his hand and then the other
guy stuck the knife in his hand they're like and then the guy came and put the they call it a
Gerratt I was called a Garrett you know like leaf Garrett mm-hmm hey leaf you're fairy but anyway
and then the guy came up and they were doing a lot of that in the guy father the the Gerratt
is that how you say it or is it Gerratt it is Gerratt
because like in a car when Carlo got in the car and Clemens was sitting in the back seat you know
oh hi hi uh Clemens hi Carlo hi Carlo won't see him no more he's like Pauli won't see him no more a lot
of that in the guy father don't start getting too got father intensive today I don't want to hear
about stupid CNN okay about more missing Dan kids for Christ and promised there was out over
those three territories in the Bronx after he died you took over you didn't give it to him I love
he will yeah and then the problem is never left he promised he's new guts and boy that's when
the war started let me tell you the biggest name so best talent to the best is Neil Roger
you know
the
time
You're fairing.
Yeah!
You've got to hide your heart away.
Absolutely.
Yeah!
Yeah!
You've got to hide your heart away.
Rock solid.
Now we'll start an athlete's class.
Rectum.
That's straight.
Gagled by.
Men who fall of other men.
Is a sport for a safe of mine.
Who?
Just you.
Just for a whole quilt.
Having fun with the boys.
In the locker room I hear.
Boeing oizoi points to spring.
Spring loin loin loin loin loin loin
LaMerci, you've got to hide your heart away
LaMerci's tiptoe,
To the box and make a wanna one.
Are you feliz?
MARK WAR Madonna 3
1102 at 5.60 WQA. We can keep this up till, uh, won't we add a ball game today? I guess
it'll 12.50. Till least 155. What do you think? I could do it. Yeah?
I guess it with this important fact is very short though. Let's see, some photo visitors
sites. Oh, give me a break. Loyal female fan. Okay, well, we love you, honey, but boy,
this is weak. The last solar shops and restaurants, she wants to stand these to the
pool. Okay? Must see a visitor site. Lost all the shops and restaurants and the Shark
Valley Park bike or tram ride to see the alligators and the birds. The birds. Remember how
it feel here? Was in touch with nature. He was, you know, with birds and, remember that
scene? Uh-huh. And then all of a sudden they like pop right on the floor again. Poor
howard bill. Just like that. Shark Valley Park bike or tram ride to see the alligators
and the birds. Okay. Well, thanks, we had a great, very much, but never mind. I turned
that up for the guy to get some stuff because I don't have a shredder. I got a shredder
all right. Okay. It's called your acto. It was what it's called. Got over a thousand
votes already. Now, what did you say? 1200 today? Correct. That's Chris's, Chris's
girl today is 1200. Well, there's a plane of four-letter day. A little tiny plane landing
here. Collapse, I want to touch down. Little teeny tiny plane. Looks like the one from
the Jackson's. But everything, nobody got, nobody got, nobody got hurt. 1024, we got
1200 leaked. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. This is Bruce. I'm the Q1st of what man it is. WDQAM. Hello.
Hey, you know, you know, last week they were showing JFK on HBO and it's kind of scary.
Probably looking good by now. Yeah. Yeah. He's kind of rotting wave. Anyway, the similarities
between the way they did things back then with Jim Garrison and the discrediting him and
everything. Either what they do today. They probably watched the movie before the inauguration
and got the ideas from that. But anyway, the only thing to call and tell you your savage
and I'm out of material. Okay. So he said, which 5.670560 and pound 560 in the
Verizon singular wireless line. WDQAM. Hello. Hi. I would like to know if you or George
has seen a movie called The Rivers of Crafts? No. Yes. George says yes. I say no. And?
George, didn't make any sense to you at all if you like it? There were funny parts and
other. You like it? Yeah. Okay. I didn't get it. So what did you think of it? Well, my
boyfriend brought it over and I only watched 15 minutes of it because it was really strange.
I couldn't watch it. I didn't get it. It's not for everyone. Okay. Thank you. What's
it about? It's a bunch of comedians telling the same joke over and over again. It is? Yeah.
Are you serious? Sure. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you. I've got you.
I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior. I'm a senior.
Hello. Yes. Hey. Can I speak with Neil? Speaking. Neil, how are you doing? Okay. How are you doing?
I'm doing good. Doing good. Hey, I got one for the poll. Yeah. The question was what? What was the
question again? How could you have one for the poll if you don't know what the question is?
No, it was okay. So when someone comes down here, what they shouldn't miss, right? Right. That's correct.
Okay. They shouldn't miss or damn fly it out. That's not bad. I like that. I like that. That's good. If someone from
out of town visits South Florida, make sure they don't miss their outgoing. That's great. How's that? Right. Don't you like that?
I like it. That's beautiful. In fact, let me ask the entire audience. Do you like it? Yeah, they like it.
You're getting a sitting ovation, sir. Excellent job. Okay. That was fantastic. You see, if we take 40,000
calls like this, we're going to put this. See, the reason I'm doing this is because I feel sometimes I feel like we're
dying over here. You know what I mean? Like we're just drowning on the Titanic. And this station seems to be
a stale. His last year is Wonder Bread. That's the line I used yesterday, but you know, you can never say that too often.
Because Wonder Bread fills you eight different ways. But it's like cotton pantons, a matter of fact, wonder bread, isn't it?
Yeah, that's good. And so I think we got to like revitalize this place. I mean, who else is going to do it
beside the legendary Neil? Okay? And read a little bit of life back into this sleepy, dying giant. You know, because there's no football going on
now for a long time. And even the draft show is not until April 15 or something like that. And this is that time of the
year. I mean, hockey, anybody care about the panties or the national hockey league or the playoffs? Who's going to make it?
Anybody care even a little bit about that? And of course the heat. Well, you know, they wonder all last year. Yeah, who cares?
WDQ-AM, hello. Hold on.
Okay. WDQ-AM, hello.
Yeah, good morning, my friend. Good morning, sir.
What are you going to do about this? This is pretty my two-year-old Golden Wichiro and Steve, the damn dog food.
So I'm going to see what he's going to get to happen from now on.
I feed him people food. Okay? Feed him, uh, shat-telling all would be good. Yeah, see everybody's all whipped up about that.
You see a bunch of animals die from that dog food. I got the story in my pile here. I'll never get to it though.
Do you think I should? I think you should. It's important dog lover like we are. Dog lover like we are.
Well, I like dogs too. Still that one. Yeah. I wish I could have a dog here, man. I wish, oh, here it is.
Pedal owners nervous over the fallout from dual-gattainted food.
You know, these people have feed their dogs. I mean, I mean, I mean, you know how much I love dogs. I'm a big dog lover.
But people have feed their dogs like they cook up like a lamb, you know, and all this other gravy.
Oh, oh, all this people food. And then their kids are eating like a gravy train, you know.
Makes it sound gravy. Yeah, just that water.
The federal government yesterday released new troubling details about manufacturing or testing.
They said, prompted the recall of 60 million cans and pouches of potentially fatal pet food from store shelves throughout North America.
I got a potentially fatal pouch and I better do something about it. Is it a pouch or a punch?
The manufacturer on tario, Canada based menu foods. They've had a bit of been screaming about it here. A lot of screamers.
Tasted its moist pet food beginning in late February feeding the product to 40 to 50 dogs and cats after a series of complaints from pet owners.
Seven of those animals died. According to Steven Sunderloff, the FDA's tapetanurian, the mix of species was not immediately known.
Sounds pretty species to me, huh? They tested it more spread food. Let's feed it to these dogs and see if they stay alive or croak, you know.
And seven of them died. How come they didn't eat it? Menu foods, my ass.
Those tests prompted a massive product we called the gun last Friday.
A federal investigation is focusing on weak gluten, a common filler as a likely source of contamination.
Weak gluten. Is that what they mean by gluten for punishment? I think so.
The FDA has yet to tell how many reports it's received to cats and dogs suffering kidney failure or death.
The company's reported 10 deaths, nine cats and a dog. Well, only one dog but nine cats. That's not too bad.
Menu foods, manufacturers, and cells more than 50 North American brands, including IMs, America's choice, and Yukonuba.
You can what?
Yukonuba, if you try, the company became aware of a potential problem after receiving a number of older
complaints that dogs and cats were vomiting and suffering kidney failure after you got to the pubic and their gut set.
Well, Tide used to do that all the time just to piss me off, you know.
They would start chewing up a bunch of garbage and crap on the carpet, you know.
Any kind of mung-knows, and then they'd get all that lint in this throwy-dunk.
Right.
Oh, the food was sold under both store and major brand labels and Walmart, publics, windix, and other large retailers.
Soundflow to pet stores, among those, to pull some fed-pood products.
As a result of the recall, well, I'm a little tongue-tied here today. I don't know why I would do it.
I think I feel like I'm on drugs. And this is a good way to do it because cheaply you don't do any.
I feel like I'm on speed or something.
A pet smarts store in Evan Turret took down some 120 items previously offered for sale, shoppers have been returning them for refunds.
We want our money back, the dogs keeping his guts.
Although many food cells, its food under numerous brands, the FDA's sundaugh noted that the company's recall effects only about 1% of the total pet food supply.
The new recall covers the company's cuts and gravy-style food, which consists of chunks of meat and gravy sold in cans and four pouches from December 3rd to March 6th.
We're still trying to find out what the true picture is out there of animals. It's really just impossible to extrapolate at this point.
I don't think we can say extrapolate, can we?
No.
Other companies, Nestle Peer and the Pet Care Company, Procter and Gamble, the health pet nutritionist said that it's a precautionary recalling voluntarily some products made by many new foods.
The many unanswered questions surrounding the product recalls led to palpable anxiety among pet owners during the past few days.
Owners worry they may have poisoned, they may have poisoned, they beloved, campaigned unintentionally.
Carrier Silver, receptionist at Alton Road Animal Hospital on Miami Beach, said the clinic got 30 phone calls.
About 30 men!
During eight hours it was open Sunday, one person said it all except for his kidney failure and what a note the food was to blame.
And who to sue, I'm sure.
Silver said people described symptoms and what are their drugs and cats diagnosed over the phone, which you can't be done.
Hello, doctor, my dog, I've made his tail is hanging down, Tom Dooley.
I think people are starting to get a little crazy but we can't make a proper analization without blood work silver said it's obviously something people care about.
Although many foods designated two phone numbers that pet owners could call for information, 866 463 67 38 and 866 895 2708 many animal lovers said they couldn't get through.
Should I give those numbers again?
I in time.
In time!
Like Linda Blair said, I'll go and get around to it.
Wheat gluten itself will not cause kidney failure leading up to investigate to suspect contamination by other substances including heavy metals like cadmium and letter of fungal toxins.
Aflotoxin, a corn fungus sparked a 2005 dog food recall.
There's a fungus among us.
What is it?
Aflotoxin.
Many foods, folks, will mincerate tweets to the AP radio company who was still trying to finger it out.
They're trying to finger it out.
There's a fungus among you a study like that and George says you're right and I'm wrong.
Whatever the subject is, you're right I'm wrong.
Yeah, it's the most fun.
After all these years I got one, one out of 17 years.
And what then?
Oh yeah.
Local broads history should be fissures.
Now you've got to find out what I can't say.
So best talent for this is Neil Roger.
Neil God.
Bowling tomorrow on a radio.
Badminton on Thursday.
I'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone.
I just referee have again.
You can't make me say, though I have a problem.
I'm crazy, you think I drink too much.
I party all night until I throw up.
I smell more than my hair.
Lost my sense of reality.
I'm crazy, crazy just let me have again.
I don't need their help.
My name's not no hand.
I'm crazy, crazy you think I have problems.
More than just being dumb.
I'm just being dumb.
Just let me have again.
I need more tattoos.
Missy Boyz got a problem.
Crazy, crazy you think I have problems.
More than just being dumb.
It's called insanity.
All morning long before the show, George is sitting there.
George is the expert at North Carolina.
George knows it all, baby.
They found him alive.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
That's because he read that hatchet book.
1050, what do we got?
1062 votes now, man.
It just changed right there in midstream like that.
1062.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
That's a bunch of YRC's within anymore.
I'm going to do it in five notes.
That's a really changed.
How peaceful, how do you feel?
What was that?
What was he listening to?
Something like that, Clugman.
It did it really?
560, 0560, 0560, and he arrived in Singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Rob.
Just to make a short story.
I'm part in a gas pump.
It's raining like hell down here.
I'm part of the gas pump.
I hear bang.
Car hits me.
Now, trust me.
Okay, yeah, exactly.
Thank you.
So I go and round it back.
My truck is looking.
And guys, you know, he's getting out of the car and he says,
oh, I couldn't see you.
I couldn't see you now.
My truck is a huge truck.
Anyway, I says, well, you do some damage to your car.
He gets out and he has sandals and white socks.
Okay, I got to tell you something.
So I helped him out.
I said, well, you can probably get this car out of the salvage.
I looked at the car and it was a Volvo.
I said, well, you're going to be paying some bucks.
He's disguised in tears.
My wife's going to kill me.
Oh, my God.
My wife's going to kill me.
And of course, on the front plate is Ontario.
I'm out of Ontario.
Well, it's because wife kills him.
Yeah, all on the front plate is Ontario.
All the bad drivers are from Canada.
You see that?
You've been talking about the frogs.
That's how stupid this guy is.
Okay?
Yeah, all the bad, all the blue hair is all the people that are creating drive-thrues
where there aren't any drive-thrues.
Yeah, that's all South Floridians, baby.
But they're all in Ontario.
I'll take my chances here.
In fact, I don't miss driving period.
Look, it's like a contest to see who can be the worst driver down here.
Yeah.
Well, at least they're participating in it.
On the front, my son played his on Terry.
Notice how fake this story was.
First it was this, and then it was the Volvo and something else.
Schmuck.
Yeah, that Canada really sucks, Near.
You better get out of there while they're getting this good.
Okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm on my way.
Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, hey, so I know you guys probably already know this.
But did you guys know that the singer from Boston killed himself?
Yeah, that's old news, man.
Yeah, I knew I saw it.
Hey, easy for you to laugh, man.
Very funny, huh?
Elvis dies in a crapper.
This guy's laughing about it.
That would be funny unless it was you.
5-6-7, that's because I'm legendary.
Damn, God!
You can almost think about it.
I really feel like we started yesterday and we kind of cut off into past like I was at birth.
A little bit overdone if you asked me.
But we started yesterday and then the ball game came along.
But today, today we're putting this damn thing back on a map.
Okay?
In spite of Joe Bell, in spite of Clarence don't call me a Jack As Dero,
in spite of all this other hazard riots going on, in spite of the square table and the oblong table and that crap.
Jesus, got all mighty.
That toast I guarantee if you check that out, he's still on the payroll across the street, he's got to be.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
In spite of you.
Q-A-M.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yes, I am.
Hey, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Thank you.
Time to hand this was on the financial this morning.
Yes, so who cares?
Yeah, same old girl, same old girl.
Hey, listen, what ever happened to those two pillars of the community?
Three-well and spigot.
Have you ever heard of them?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
What's up?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
What's up?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I'm a part of your missing.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'd you mean a bullet for court.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, nailed.
No, no.
True story.
I'm having dinner over there at Manero's stay-cow's before it shut down.
And the jockey like Frankie Dittori.
Yeah, I don't know if he...
Did you get the Derby horse this year?
How do I know if he's got the green horse?
I'm not sure.
But anyway, he's in there with his manager, Andy Rothman, and they're having...
Greatest shock in the world, by the way.
Oh, Andy Rothman is having dinner.
Yeah.
Andy Rothman and him are having dinner and Manero's stay-cow's.
You always pick Frankie Dittori or whatever more he's on, you know?
Yeah.
So, let me ask you this question.
Yeah.
Who's Andy Rothman?
He's a really good friend of mine who really...
Obviously, really, really good.
You're fair.
Yeah.
Probably not as good as you'd like him to be, but it sounds like a really, really good friend.
Maybe that's why he knows David Sugarman and Steve Stone.
Wow.
You talk about...
This guy's almost as good as the Harry Benson guy we had years ago.
Talk about horse people.
Of course I'll dance.
Now, Franco...
What is the name of Lion Franco?
L.A. and Lion Franco Dittori.
Frankie Dittori.
It's had in Greatest Shock in the world, right?
Mostly in England, as you know?
And when he's over here in the big races, plunge your guts.
Don't pay any attention to what the Huppert tells you.
Okay?
Plunge your guts on Frankie Dittori, man.
When the money is down, he's going to be in town.
Whatever that means.
Oh, wait a minute.
Chany is in the hospital.
Oh, this is good news.
Wait a minute.
The vice president is over at George Washington University in the middle of the...
Ah, just a check-out.
Well, don't give us no false alarms, okay?
On you.
Jesus Christ Almighty.
Chany is in the hospital, Virginia.
They're checking to see if he's got any heart, which is highly unlikely.
1075 votes on the poll today, I think.
And you said, 1200, I'm going to say...
We can do better than that.
I mean, that's not exactly going out on a limb, you know?
Chris.
You see the already collapsed arm.
Huh?
I'm there.
Collapse from hunger.
Now, you guys don't have food come into the...
Yeah, of course.
We're in the highways.
Thank you very much.
Thank you, highways, for taking care of our people.
They're okay.
The White House is just a routine check-up to see if...
First they're going to do the lobotomy to see if there's any brain in there.
They're going to start looking in his...
Right, go first.
And then they're going to check to see if he's really all-heart.
The worst evil doer on the face of their...
He makes Hermann Garing look like a Sunday school teacher.
That's what this guy does.
Of course, beware of their Sunday school teacher.
The biggest names.
He can only say how he is.
He can only say how he is.
This is Neil Rogers.
Don't run, Hillary.
No, no, no.
Don't run, Hillary.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Hillary, Hillary.
Hillary.
You're the battle to replace.
So massive, you may.
Thank you.
What's through the blow-in through your future in Hillary hole?
Hillary, Hillary.
You'll be the best class.
Don't lie to me.
You're a sliny, bit-chatter, dude.
Don't run, Hillary.
No, no, no.
Don't run, Hillary.
No, no, no, no.
Hillary, Hillary.
I should tell you that I can tell you who will cross the room.
You're a no-bottess football swith or not a dude, or?
Hillary, Hillary.
My class.
Don't lie to you.
You're a common baby blue suits.
You're a sliny, bit-chatter, dude.
No, no, no, no, no.
You.
I see that ad was on NBC News last night.
That's on the internet, making the rounds.
Nobody knows who put it on.
And supposedly it was the Barack Obama campaign behind it.
No.
Negative ad about her.
You didn't see that?
No.
The comparator like to a Nazi bitch and stuff like this.
And all these people are like,
and the end is Barack Obama campaign.
Which of course it's not.
But that's the kind of crap that winds up on the internet.
You wait and see, Mr.
You might see nothing yet.
You're going to see a political lynching that they're going to try and him like you have never dreamed in your wildest imagination.
You'll see.
Anyone in the why?
Why?
Because it's the American-F and wait.
So this kid that you said is that he's alive, he's able to walk, he was found about a mile and a half from camp.
Life goes on, CNN has spent hours and hours.
There's 300 million people in the USA.
And they just picked out this goofy kid with a red hair and a glasses and they said,
well let's make a big difference about this.
You know?
1094 votes on the poll though.
1094.
I'm going for 13, man.
I'm not settling for 1200 today.
No way Jose.
Because we got two and a half hours for Christ.
Yes, do it!
Yeah, we can do 1300 today.
Chris.
What are you going to say then?
Let's say we can do it.
1094 on there right now.
And because it's, yeah, we do 1300 in this poll.
It's not a bad poll.
It's not a great poll.
It's a poll.
56670560, pound 560, we've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Sounds awfully dead to me, doesn't it?
And this is the only one.
This was the only one that was doing anything.
WQAM, hello.
Tell WQAM if they need a morning truck.
I'm ready for it.
I'm wild man, Jack.
Wow!
Oh, you're hired.
Starts tomorrow morning.
7 to 10 is the wild man, Jack.
You're on QAM.
Bring your own table, baby.
56670560, I think they're out of material.
But when the 20 minute delay catches up, then you'll see the phone's going to explode.
Every now and then it just explodes kind of like a wireless spontaneous like that.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Neil.
This is this.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm your morning show start at 10.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, what's going on all that?
Well, what does that mean?
This is my morning show, sir.
What?
It means I've been listening for, you know, we'll go way back whatever from Miami, but I usually turn on the radio on QAM at 10AM.
And then I go from there.
I mean, and listen in and sometimes, you know, it's totally afternoon until dinner time, and I shut it off.
Uh-huh.
But, uh, yes, I have no idea.
I would have to go to the end and then straight to bed is that it?
And that dick, they would have all that, you know, yeah.
Got to clear it out for them.
Okay, anyway, moving along.
And, uh, so what's going on?
You got, I heard it up there for Canada to ship a lot of back food down here.
I'm going to kill off the, uh, whole thing.
Kill off the mercant animals.
That's a new game plan.
QAM, hello.
Meet the horny.
WQAM, hello.
These colors have no originality, Neil.
Yeah, just like you.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yes.
I'm a project writer.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay.
A mom away to America express.
Thank you.
Okay, good luck to you.
Okay, get a platinum card, man.
Get somebody's platinum card.
Don't be messing around with a green card, the gold card.
Go for the best.
Go for the gold.
I mean, go for the, uh, whatever it is.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil, God.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I was calling about sure to pull about the Everglades in particular.
Yeah.
Everglades are pretty damn popular.
We've got a local airline here, Jeff Blue, has the direct point for people we want to see
it coming up.
Oh, yeah.
5670560 and 0560, the Verizon.
What was value jet as what he was really thinking of, isn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It comes up with jet blue.
While you're close, pal, one word out of two ain't bad, but there you go.
That's what happens when you're stuck down there for all your life, man.
We never got to go anywhere.
You want to go in a lot.
I don't blame you.
I would be doing that all day long.
I'd be going,
2470.
Even my sleep, I'd be going,
like that.
Once in a while, maybe, hopefully, but I doubt it.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, my name is Hoya.
Good, sir.
Uh, was it the cops and you said this morning about pound away?
Yeah.
Yeah, I believe it or not.
Yeah, I caught part of that crazy nation anyway.
Uh, we were not married as being out on there this morning with him and tore him a new one.
Yeah.
We asked him, uh, 70% of the American public voted.
Well, let me ask you this question.
What do they put him on there for in the first place?
That's the question.
Now whether he tore up in the West.
Let me and you and the rest of it, you know, not these, uh, you know, marching down the street.
Yeah, good point.
Okay.
560560, pound 560 in the Verizon and singular wireless line.
I know if I want to get my political affix for the day, I always tune in the today show and watch Maradith Viera really grill those guys, grill all those crooks.
Don't you?
Oh, yeah, all day.
1103 on the pole, by the way, 1103.
Chris said 1200.
I'm saying 13, man.
We won't settle for less than 13 today.
And if we get 1300 votes, we're going to party right here on the air.
You'll see everybody gets a free party in their pants.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm driving down 95 C. Waterdale in a monsoon.
Yeah.
And my wife calls me and starts freaking out and talking about poison, cat food.
I don't know if you're thinking about it or standing about it.
Never heard anything about it.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Tell her, don't eat too much of it.
Okay, that's the best, that'd be the best line.
Don't just taste a little bit first to make sure.
And then if you pass out, call me back or not.
Jesus, God almighty, man.
It's just to talk about, I'm supposed to be out of touch.
Touch this.
Well, there's that guy's the kids father we're going to keep showing him.
He's a big TV star now.
Right.
The voice guy kid that's alive and able to walk my own stories over.
Yeah, that's right.
Times up, times up pops.
Oh no, they're just getting started with him now.
About the fact that Michael the bass can't wait for the movie.
Yeah.
How come he let him loose?
How come he let this kid loose?
He's got what does he guys dyslexic or something like an ADD?
Oh, ADD.
He's got attention.
He can add, but he can't multiply.
Thank God.
1114 votes on the pool.
And look who's Lee.
Looky, looky, looky.
If someone from out of town visits South Florida, make sure they don't miss the legendary
near Roger show.
They're all gone.
He had a 21.
Boy, man.
I'm hanging out of the chair with both hands.
I would advise them not to come to 97.
South Beach 225.
I hate this pool 61.
Only 5.4% they like it.
In fact, when we start to pull every day, we should ask, do you like it?
Sog, Rasmills, mall 36, and little Savannah.
Look how many little vans got.
About 30, man.
Yeah, don't miss your outbound flight 29.
The early bird winner 23, the Jungle Queen, dinner crews 23.
Don't miss the Jungle Queen.
The Micahe 21.
Have 20 or 30, then Polynesian drinks.
Semitri Village 20.
The Metro Zoo 16 with the anxious Ron McGill who Chris hates like poison.
Monkey Jungle 11 and the Parrot Jungle is for the birds.
So lamentate uno.
The biggest name.
So only one girl likes it.
This is real Roger.
In a birthday card?
Well, it'll make breaking up cards.
You're fire.
That's your all.
You are show going to be sick.
You're just having a bad day.
I've had a bad day.
So squat on this, you made it.
Because you had a bad day.
And then you walked down.
And the sun told us to turn it around.
And then you thought, oh, tell me so much.
You were not as fine as you go on a run.
Yes, he's been fired.
You're fired.
You get to pack those things and go.
Now that's when I call a bad day.
Alright, look, I've got an angle.
Who knows what happened?
He lost his generals in the fire.
He's just been arrested.
We've lost our mojo.
I think I'm going to be sick.
You're fired.
I think I've won gold man.
You're the best day.
You're the best of life.
You're the best now.
You're the best now.
You're the best now.
You're the best now.
I saw this drunk guy throw up.
And then a pigeon ate it.
He forgot.
He cheated on me.
I got kicked out.
She dumped me and broke my heart.
You broke your pills.
I paid by Agra just not to wet my shoes.
11.29 in the fall.
11.45 in the clock.
How do you like that?
Tick-tock.
It's 11.45 in the clock.
It's almost noon.
And we'll be on here by two.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
Through to the ball games.
Through to the Marlins, we know.
The Marlins.
The Marlins.
The Cardinals, it's 12.50 on Thursday.
My mind.
Here's a nice pool suggestion from our friends at university
who don't do any work down there at all.
I like this pool suggestion.
If I could be somebody else for one day,
we never did this before.
I did a similar one where if you could trade lives with someone
but like permanently.
This is a good one.
If I could be somebody for just one day.
Right I would be I'd be Bill Jace cuz then I read the bell like a whole bunch of checks to myself on the next day
Go back to be me. Yeah very good next day. Go back to being like
Pretty queen I go back to being Brady Quinn. Mm-hmm
I'll tell you one thing if I was Brady Quinn for a day. I'd be real busy. I'll take it that
My my my look out now. I'd be real busy
And look at this George W. Bush look at the names they have on here. You want to be George W. Bush for one day?
God
You Bill Clinton swore to be Clinton Wayne Heizinga, you know, wow
That'll change your complexion. I guess Tiger Woods that would also probably change most of your complexion
Well, that sounded like a racial comment to me. Let's get your rose on it
Hugh Hefner Neil Rogers. Oh, yeah, oh good Howard sperm anybody who but who I am I then that's certainly in South Florida
That would definitely go for big when we did this pull I gotta be me
I
Gotta be me alright. That's great. I can hear Sammy Davis singing that who's things are gotta be me? I don't know
You got it. I'll see now you got you got the songs out of the guys really by artist all of the above
I see and I hate this pool. Yeah, it's not a bad one
Now you think I'd give the phone numbers again on the dog food thing
Because you know very seriously we have a lot of dual lovers out there and the fact the word dog lovers
If there's menu foods is got two phone numbers that pet owners could call for information before you go poisoning your dog
Your cat. I go ahead give it a shot. You don't put your dog
866
And by the way something
You were right first time
Sammy
Sammy
Sammy
Riders are gonna be the Sammy Davis to do
I'm a place in this world
Yeah, I heard ladies that only one who I gotta be me okay
I did a full set of things on
Pedowners can call for information before you go positive poisoning your dog 866
463
6738 or
866
895
2708 now a lot of people say they can't get through because obviously they're getting Zidians it calls from people are in a panic
About the Yukonuba and I'm and a lot of these other dog foods and of course it's a Canadian plot probably from that fascist
Steven Harper who wants to be bush light, you know, not a bastard Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper
866 463
6738 or 866 895
27 wait I'll give him a little reminder remind me to a do that okay to do that
Hey, don't forget now this drive our joy Porter Chris is this old noses or something
I should mention by Alice Marvez you think it was by Alice Marvez we know about it
I believe it was like two days ago
So I shouldn't bother with it. It's just a lot of men have been yesterday. I know it
I thought ESPN yesterday after me recently signed off the linebacker
Joy Porter didn't need long to live up to his reputation as one of the NFL's most controversial players
It says he was set it for misderminer battery Sunday night after allegedly punching another NFL player in the face at a Vegas casino
Anya used to go to Vegas a lot. Oh no
Porter had a brief altercation with Cincinnati Bengals left tackle Levi Jones
Oh Levi is coming there's at the Eli is coming. He'll be dog night. Eli. How about Levi Harner? He's been dead. How many years?
Well the gaming table that palms casino Vegas police department spokesman Martin Wright said right said Jones who chose to price charges
Received on-site medical treatment for a small cut Jones also claimed several of his gold chains were stolen during the melee
A source said the six five three hundred and seven pound Jones is telling those close to him that he was jumped at the table by six
other people over with Porter the source said Jones is claiming was hitting the back of the head by one of Porter's
Associates just before being punched in the push by the six three two hundred and fifty pound linebacker
Boys let me boys, you know it boys let me boys
and take showers naked together and snap each other on the ass with towels stuff like that
Like a bunch of overgrown chilling
1136 votes on the polo
You have any doubt will get to 13 every day. I don't
Confidence is confidence is running pretty high now. That's high as you are but confidence is high. I wish
Now what is the story from La Paz Bolivia La Paz
I don't know how you use it. I think it was like a speech. You can't lie. I don't know how they talk in Bolivia is it all?
Look a brassy I think that's pretty outrageous that way after all these years we've been calling to look a bratsy and
And we're wrong. Yeah, go. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah
I am Marlon and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding
ha ha ha ha ha
He's a very scary guy
The farmers and women it says always Coca Cola out of Bolivia's Coca growers have their way
The farmers want the word coka drop by the u.s. software and company arguing that the potent shrub
belongs to the cultural heritage of this
Andean nation
Bolivia or the coke relief in poses in India life
I got Andean music
Or the coke relief in fuses every day life and is sacred to many
That's Andean music the choice
is. I see. Play by Andy. How about Amos and Andy music? A commission of
Koch industry representatives advising an assembly regarding Bolivia's
constitution past a resolution last week calling on the Atlanta based
company to take Koko out of its name asking the UN to decriminalize the
leaf. Go leaf go. The resolution demands international companies that
include in their commercial name the name of Koko refrain from using the name
of their sacred leaf in their products. Yes, how about just Khoa? Would you
care for a Kola? Well, I don't like that coke. Kola anyway. So they can
call it whatever they want. How about they call it Kaka Cola? Yeah, how about the
uncool? See Pepsi Cola works fine with me and they're not upset about that.
That's a lot of my drink in here. Oh, I'm drinking a diet coke with caffeine.
That explains why I'm so hopped up today like a Mexican jumping bee. The
commission which met for three days in super 250-fire miles southeast of La
Paz is part of an effort led by President Ivo Morales to rehabilitate the
image of the plant used in the Andean and these for millennia but better known
as the basing wheel you know cocaine. We better send our fat ass governor's
daughter to check it out. I'll go with it. Koko Cola stated last week its
trademark is the most valuable and recognized brand in the world baby and is
protected under Bolivian law. Don't be messing with our Koka baby. The statement
repeated the company's past and I was that Koka Cola's ever used cocaine is
an ingredient but with sound and I wasn't a natural coca leaf was used to flavor
the soda. They need to understand our situation said David Herrera, a state
government supervisor for the Koka rich Chapade region. They exported Koka's
raw material for Koka Cola and we can't even freely sell it in Bolivia. Who now
wants a living Bolivia anyway? The Bolivian government regulates the sale of
cocaine and prevent use by the drug trade and its natural state degree leave is
only a mild stimulant. Let me see I got I got it in here. What's that? Malta
stimulant? In my plans. In Bolivia. In Bolivia. I only wish to put
a pledge. I only wish. In Bolivia's white
color office is Koka T. you're certain instead of coffee. I have a piece of advice
for all you young punks under 100 out there. Don't get old okay. That's my
piece of advice. Don't ever get old. Oh it's so it'll happen to you. Oh no. Huh? Yeah
exactly. In Bolivia's white color orifices Koka T. is served instead of coffee
and the country's farmers, miners and truckers chew believe to get through the
long work days. That's what we do with two aim is not what they do in the sales
department. They chew on coca leaves. I don't think so. Not those leaves. They're
chewing on something. The government wants to you enter the criminalized trade
and coca based products to promote its exports. Moralesay former Koka grower
thinks an international market for a Koka to ride products such as tea, flour,
liquor even toothpaste would draw some of the companies and watch out what kind of
toothpaste you use in baby. I should. I should. I should. I should. I should. Would
draw some of the companies estimated 65,500 acres of cocoa away from the drug
trade but the US which finds which funds Bolivia and Koka eradication program is
adamantly opposed to such proposals continue to encourage more cocoa
production. I'm sure you don't want to have that happen doing. No yeah that would
be better. Things go better with cocoa baby. 1145 on a poll we got 13 hundred
of it easy today. It's fight about crowd fat Chris's a salami. Cracked through a
frist. Somebody. Somebody you can do I am hello. Hey God. Yes sir. I was just
what I want to tell you that there I went to Bolivia one time and because of the
altitude you get real bad headaches. Yeah and they gave you this tea that takes
it away and I didn't find out so later that the tea contained the coca leaves
and it makes you feel real good afterwards. I mean it was it wasn't it wasn't it
was drinking it or snorting it. No you're drinking it just opened up your blood
vessels and you're drinking it makes you you know release those headaches but
hey one other question for for George there for once a year. I'm going to go to
China in November and I'm taking up my trip in Beijing and I'm thinking of going
to another country but since Beijing is so far north I wanted to get the
colors and your opinion of you know where where I'm supposed to go maybe Tokyo or
something. Okay yeah go to Japan instead of China. I'm asking George this I just had a
friend that came back from China. Oh I'm okay. Okay anyway something
guys later. Hey George yeah go Cooper. Okay see this is all inside. Apparently
yeah I'm just yeah I'm just going to China and I don't care what my friend says
about how fun it was in China. Don't go there. Yeah it's the Mexico of Asia. Really?
It's it's the in Japan they use the Chinese illegal aliens to do their cheap labor
the way that we do with the Mexicans over here. I see. So what does that mean?
Don't go to China. And what about Japan? Go to Japan. Now would you rather be learning Japanese or
turning Japanese? 152 votes on the pool. 1152 if someone from out of town visits
South Florida make sure they don't miss the near Roger show. He's legendary man he's a
fat old fag and he's a real hoot. That's right. You're gonna see I just I just want to give
people a little uh that's my goal now the rest of the time I'm on here. We're not gonna save the
world from George Bush or any of the other Nazis out there. Just a little chuckle every now and then
like that. That's all we can do man. That's a public service and the price is right. I would advise
them not to come 304 that was my vote. Don't go to South Florida you'll regret it and you may
never get out. South beach 232 I hate this pool in near 62 5.3%. They're outbound flight. Don't
miss it 43. The sawgrass mills mall 36. Oi such excitement. Be sure and have your afflore intent
on your car. Little of Anna 32 the early bird dinner 24 you'll be saying. Oi! The Jungle Queen
dinner cruise 23 to my guy 21. How about your guy? How's your how's your my guy? Oh look at that
a news conference coming up about the missing Boyce God. They just found them already but let's have
another missing uh Boyce God news conference kill some good time. Cemetery Village 20 Metro Zoo 17
Monkey Jungle 11 in the Parachungal finally got another vote. Solar Mente Doce for the Parachungal.
You know what I think are really neat birds are my cause. You ever see my cause? Sure just
recently. So I was going back in the day when the Parachungal was in the original location. I
think I was there a couple of times and then that's just parrots but all these other talking birds
you know right McCaw their expensive. Are they really? They are. Oh good let's go a long time.
Let's go steal some during the break. And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney.
Today Dick Diles celebrity biographer Kitty Kelly.
Hello. Hello. Uh yes hello. Uh you need Kelly please. Speaking. I am a skinny. This is Dick Cheney.
I spread the United States of America. How are you? Fine. That's good. That's nice.
Is it something I can help you with? Oh yes yes. It's just been a book that's coming out next week
at your age. Uh frankly we we question its credibility and uh I was wondering if maybe you could
wait a couple of months before actually putting it out. I'm sorry my son is breaking it.
Did you just ask him not to break the block? I'm so out to be elected. Yes. After George Bush gets
reelected print all you want. We won't care then. Why would I want to do that?
Hello. Money growing up. What? Why? Why? Why? Oh my. If you're booked for a lease the terrorist win.
Huh? You're messing with the president of the United States of America. Okay I'm hanging up now.
We know where you're living. I'm not trying. We'll get you a little bit of photo too.
Bye bye. What's wrong with you? Hello? Hello?
This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney.
Don't forget if you're seeing the Joyce Line New Borough as in Gustave a little bit the terrorist win.
Don't forget those things. Okay. That's right. 1169 votes on a poll and Chris was saying 1200 votes today.
Man you sell me really short. Nature already did that. I don't know. Really sure. What is wrong with you?
In fact you know something? If I really if I were to know what I know now of course that's what life is all about.
If I'd have just known back then what I know now all new young people out there just remember what all Uncle the
old told you okay know it now meaning when you're young know it now and do it now and enjoy it now.
Believe me because then you get all like me and you'll think well if only I had known then because
that you're ain't going to happen now like a our chance 1171 oh god see this is the punishment I
get for making fun of old people all those years that's right all those years on the air I'm talking
about all the early bird dinners and the old crutches and all the old people with the lime game and now I'm
one of them. Yeah. Oh god. I'm not by a long shot yet. What do you mean by that? Well you're not
nearly as cretchy as they are. No no I'm not and then Sam like them I'm just talking about the
from the age factor from the max factor. Let's see what do we got on the pool 1171 let me refresh it
because I'm thinking well I know we're going to do 13 1172 see that they're coming in by the ones
now that's the early bird crowd they don't want to overdo it. It's our turn sonny get out of here
by you young punks we don't want no spring break on four-large of day old beat we don't want no young
punks on South Beach with all that heavy jewelry on and all them tubing the goofballs down there and
then facadones. Never have any faggot ruins like beef or only more delicious. I thought I figured
you'd make it with pork. 5 6 7 0 5 60 fats. Trayf baby it's not halal. You sound like one of them
terrorists to me you better start to have a lot of fat. It's not interesting how much in common.
This is what really is it's it's almost amusing it's sick but it would be funny if it wasn't all
the death in the blood shed. The Jews in the Arabs who got so much in common know they're in the
circumcision thing and they don't want to eat trayf they don't want pork and kosher and halal I
guess they're basically the same thing right and all this has a ride you know there's no feud like a
family feud yeah that must be it WDQA M hello WDQA M hello
yes this is the new Roger show yeah there legendary yeah that's it I sheep my pants
oh well apparently that club is bigger than I would have ever said yeah well he did something
this pants we can't say that word on the air he said he in his pants huh yeah from the show of
course because it was so legendary 5 6 7 I see I I shouldn't know yesterday it was just an
aberration because I got all whipped up and I'm thinking to myself what it it's like one of those
things if you could package it and sell it you know I mean that that's how good it was like like
occasionally like there one call we had earlier I have no idea what was so good about it but there
was one you know and if you could just package it and sell it and multiply it and make you know
make color of it but they can't do it we want everybody listening there this business about being
the same four or five idiot colors on there let's get four or five thousand idiot colors then
we'll have something okay jolly joe bill then I'll believe what you say about this phone being
all I damn high-falute and important like we had yesterday yesterday it was like a fly opener man
was I unbelievable wasn't it it was great even George who was probably the worst hard
ass I've ever known in my life even George says it was great you just heard him say it was
big and say what we'll and say like with real enthusiasm you know I can say like Tony the tiger you
know that'll make WQAM hello don't do it QAM nearly yes sir I'm another idiot caller yeah I love you man
okay bring it back okay WQAM hello yeah so I call the gas from Chicago a dim-witted symbol boy
okay because the Boston did not blow up the baseball the Chicago ball from Barclay in the
Barclay ball that could flew up so before you guys tell people in it he didn't eat it himself
what was he talking about long hits five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
in the Verizon singular wireless line that must have been Bobby you know from our mice face
thing Bobby go away Bobby WQAM hello now I like speaking ill speaking sir hey Neil I am an idiot but
I'm still calling you and I'll try to be coherent okay I have been actually I discovered you
who during the three-mile incident I think you were on WNWS wow I've been listening to you ever since
holy moly rat man I am an old man you are me too ancient but anyway just call to tell you talk
to you about Toronto I go up there every month and it's like an oasis forming I love the place
and wish I could be like you and live up there yeah me too well anyway just keep it going
you great see you okay see if he eats senator a a okay we'll be eating at the eating center you
know the other day I went to this is terrible I went to GNC because I have this coq 10 that I
take it's really good for your heart gets your pulse rate down I said it's very important stuff
you know I've been taking it for years and they haven't they you know I used to hate GNC because
I thought that everything they made was really very generic and very I don't know I think they
just have everything yeah you know they've had all the same stuff and bottles with different labels
on you know but but actually they do have some pretty good stuff now and the coq 10 is great so I
go there because I can't get it anywhere else I mean you can get it in drug stores and stuff but
not this particular brand because it's GNC brand so I guess it makes sense if you want GNC brand
where do you go you don't go to rexhall you don't go to shoppers drug bar day you go to a GNC
so after I buy my you know I got the bag full of stuff and I spent 140 bucks on four bottles of
this plus my pantothertino cash you know and then what do you think I stopped for a little snack
Arunni I give up bastard Robbins oh I was gonna say that too but I wanted to give you some credit
why do I got credit there man let me go and use it up right now no you didn't have some
I was gonna give you some credit but you know I had a hot fudge Sunday on Rocky Road
well I tell you one thing you wind up with a heavy load after Rocky Road oh
make no mistake about it I love Rocky Road hmm God is that good you know what I haven't had
in a very long time and it's a good thing too because it would probably put me in a box
is fish food I don't see it anymore I haven't seen it in a long time either and you boy you talk
about doing a switch a switch Arunni I'm the guy they always used to talk about how much I love
Ben and Jerry's and how I hated Hagen does like poison because Hagen does was too watery and I
have done a total turnaround on that if I can say that well there's a picture of a cop car
go to the hospital or in DC because Cheney's there for a checkup big met see as they say in Japan
big met see ya 1183 on a pool oh well have 1200 by the time we come back from the break Chris how
do you like that you have little faith I love 13 I will guarantee you I'm gonna I'm gonna bet both
of your life on it will get to 13 number today before the show is over on this poll and Charlie
Beast sent another 400 pulls in here today what is not to like that's my comment today what's not
to like not and it's not a short show that's what's not to like doesn't bother me doesn't bother
in fact you know something I'm so wound up and ready to go today I'm I I could do 20 hours today
all right let's go till six that's how full of energy it's the total of 16 so what okay I'm telling
oh there's Cheney's on a way to the hospital oh oh oh maybe that pacemaker will give out
boy and a boy sick holy macken on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and
you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
I think it all over that you got a lot of time to talk about me I don't give a
breath what that fairy has to say is he wants to go pick some guys that what I'll have you know
I know what I'm talking about you every morning at the condo I can't see elevated down and not my
way to the call when I put my phone in best get out I give a three condo face the toys are back and
out why you I know everything that's going on with that news why I even know all the new
my job rules I'm hip to the he's coming off and I'm closing you know I
That was the turning point baby. That's the point at which we lost the entire contact with the human race in the audience when the mole
My life's terrible he left man not
1197 votes on the poll effect remember he had that one share in the a two to four segments
How do you get a one share on this station? You know all over there others who are following his footsteps
He must even us to let some big footprints behind you know like big foot
Probably less than big dingleberries behind two
1197 I bet you if I refresh it oh
1300 is a given man 13th of its not even a contest Chris
Yeah, 1199 1199
That's kind of like 1099 you're sending your 1099 yet
In fact, I just said away my tax craft I hear a few days ago. I got another big fat refund juicy tax refund coming up
Whenever they decide send me the money well good. Oh, yeah probably probably last me like at least two weeks of woodbite
Fine that is why go every day though. That's right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave a residence singular wireless line
Let's get a whole flurry of calls in here man between now and two o'clock
Mad Dog at two and then man from two to five. We got no Humper today eighty K five to six thirty
And then you got your Panther preview at six thirty Panthers at the full-fledged off your fire seven o'clock
I'm actually just gonna be a gigantic tuna audience for that WQA and hello
Hello
WQA and hello whatever happens tomorrow
Whatever happened to him that he die offer
He's he's on a 14 watch station on the weekends. Oh my god. He hit the big time. Yeah
Glad we could help you sir
five six seven oh five sixty boy. I was right yesterday was a one once in a million
I dilute myself in believing the right things can be accomplished here. I told you that then
You did I said enjoy it while it lasts because you know tomorrow is gonna be okay. You're right
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello still doesn't make up for that
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello
Inside of you that calls missed a long time
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty
Well, I'm actually a crowd in there
I'm even rising and singing a wireless line WQA.M. Hello
Bonjour no Neil. Bonjour no go on. Come on style
Oh
I'm speaking in Laze Valley
It's a Neil I'm very pleased to report that while
Just steps from the event a few days past. Yes. Down by the Piazza de Pupolo. Do you're familiar with that Piazza de Pupolo?
Yes, that's correct. Yes while enjoying a rather large gelato. I have no fiat pass by and on the rear of the fiat was a
Neil God bumper sticker. Get out of here and the middle of Rome
Come on
Honest to God. I think you wait too much of that gelato man. Hey guy. I tell you what I was squeezing it so hard at that point
Really? I said Neil is he's coming close to circulation your brain. It sounds like it
There was Neil God bumper sticker in Roma. You are global my friend. I know it. Yeah
And the means
It was a beautiful place and
It just made my trip to see you alive and well and but when you going back
So we're Rome yeah, oh someday someday if I'm still alive. There's a lot of good-looking young guys over there
Yeah, I know many Rome you always do the Romans. Yeah. Okay. I read an RT my sweet friend
Your fairy mighty cone five six seven oh five sixty there a lot of reading good looking people in the league
But there's also a lot of very I don't know a lot of schmutzzy people in lead too. It's like
I like in the summertime. Yeah, Harry
No, well some of them. Yeah, Harry next Harry backs. I don't know. Let's start with that hairy stuff
Okay, you pick it on poor JP again pop up on Pablo. Oh, I wasn't even thinking about it the one that you for while I was
A lot. I would enjoy him. Hello
No, yes sir. How come the guys which is broken brine doesn't do any bits on this current morning crew down
He has he has
As you are okay. What is one of my to win? We're looking
George is looking right now. I don't think so the kierni in Boa
The kal complex right? I mean every ten seconds cerebral giggle gagal. Oh, wait. We got one. Here we go
You ready? Yeah, ready crank it up
incoln
butts
Forts what Spearts Court Sports
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
I wonder if they in Somalia if they eat home in touch and they pour them fine you think I don't know I doubt let's go find out WQAM hello my baby is too small WQAM oh god they're passing around baby
Wow 70 QAM hello QAM hello
I want to go to the whole thing again but I just can't do it see you're right there's already too
stoked WQAM hello I get a kick out of you WQAM hello
all right this is more like yesterday now now we finally now we got the great aim material back I thought maybe they were
in a run a little bit dry you know 5 6705 60 pound 5 60 of the rising singular wireless line WQAM hello
hello yes sir you you can play OJ no juice oh
and I was going to say okay and he like you know bales that's not good
Jesus and I got all too much too much stuff to handle on here man I got all this stuff going on
on my crackberry and on my instant mess what does it say here oh my god branded would you relax
but I'm being my ass okay and then and what's his name is going to want to hear ancient
kneel enough enough enough I'm too old for all of this too much excitement for me you know okay let's
get back to the judge long time Broward judge accused of smoking pot in Hollywood Park
Broward Circuit Judge Lawrence Corda is facing a misdemeanor charge of marijuana possession oh my god
after city police officers say they busted in for smoking pot in a Hollywood park Sunday afternoon
the judge played a role in the end of the Kulsmith case when he briefly handled a small part of the
paternity battle over the former playboy centerful's infant daughter court of 59 was not arrested
but was issued a notice to appear April 26th in the satellite courthouse in a Hollywood
court and state law enforcement records show no prior legal problems for the judge so
he could qualify for a first-time offender pretrial drug diversion program but the allegation
that he used in legal drug could result in a complaint to the judicial qualification commission
and possible discipline like whips and chains maybe man if the judicial watchdog agency found
his conduct violated judicial rules he could face a reprimandor removal from the bench anyone
can file a complaint with the commission court I couldn't be reached for comment this by messages
left with his judicial assistant and chambers on Monday it wasn't clear if he had hired an attorney
his assistant setting was on the bench Monday presiding over trial also unclear was whether
court a family court judge would remain on the bench while the charge is pending the judicial
qualification mission said Monday that no complaints been filed with the agency so far and at this
point it's up to Broward Chiefs Judge Dale Ross to decide if courtes should continue to work
is resolved about two p.m. Sunday three officers who were in Stanley Goldemore Memorial Park
notice court is smoking a joint while sitting on the ground next to a tree in the park what's wrong
with that Hollywood police spokesman Captain Tony Rodi said they said they smelled a very strong
odor what they found to be marriage a weeny Rodi said they followed the smell of a gentleman
sitting under a tree SMOKING he was actively smoking the marijuana cigarette as a
as opposed to passively smoking he was actively smoking well it could have just had it sitting
there inhaling the fumes it came on yeah he could have just had it in his mouth passively that's
right but he was being active with it the officers who were in plain clothes and exercising while
on duty is permitted by department policy said the joint tested positive for marijuana it tested
positive for marijuana oh I know how they test the difference okay thirty two hundred dead soldiers
in Iraq five years of this lunacy now we're starting and they said that it tested positive for
marijuana most people accused of smoking potterage would they tick instead of being arrested he said
here you know I mean you walk out on the streets here and even in the elevator in this building
every now and then oh I think that smells like marriage a weeny baby the overwhelming majority
of people who are detained from marijuana cigarette are given a notice to appear Rodi said the
judge lives in Hollywood was said if a mr. meaner marijuana possession police records said court
I had one marijuana cigarette when I go to one faggot the officers didn't know who courted was
so they asked his profession he had no time asked for preferential treatment he said
and he comes from a respected legal family but a beep but a boop of that well it's like that
think about Tom Brady I thought he was a clean cut guy you know and I was impregnating every
hot chicken in the world you know I thought he was a clean cut guy then he was going to be doing
all hanky spanky like that America living in the stone age baby in the dark ages I'm
surprised that I'm through his accident for like 10 to 20 1250 on a pool if someone from out of
town visits Florida make sure they don't miss the legendary oh I see Eric had a legend around there
thank you Eric legend or any Roger show 344 I'm kicking big fat ass man Pimpley ass I would advise
him not to come through it in 14 South Beach 252 the their outbound flight don't
don't miss it 77 I'm sure they won't I hate this pool 64 5.1 percent song rationals wall 38
little of Anna 33 the early bird dinner 28 the jungle queen dinner crews 26 cemetery village 21
the mykai 21 Oi Metro Zoo 17 a monkey jungle 12 and the parachungal only three
I think the parachungal was full now the favor is that with the deal is then they move it after
the hurricane or something like that that is absolutely right oh no not another one of these
pre-stories all brother the priest of a northern Michigan parish will be in court today after
being cut in any legal sex act oh I can't believe that over a week ago Wanda Slav Marzinski 42
and Richard Jackquish 451 were arrested by state police in a public park near Traverse City
Michigan what a slug according to police the two men were engaged in a sex act oh doesn't say
what kind of a film Marzinski has been the priest of St Mary's in Hannah a small parish near
Kingsley Michigan since 2001 the priest originally from Poland oh from Poland huh has now been put
on administratively by the dices of gay lord what gay lord is there a common that are you gay
lord is that what they used to say me evil times yeah Marzinski faces a misdemeanor charge
of scene conner if will be in court today the other man was in court last week the charge
carries a maximum penalty of 90 days in jail he's gonna be people of penalized here for us
to the fourth 150 sub votes on the poll we got the mad dog at two and we got the eddyk for
Hank 5 to 6 30 Panther game tonight any interest whatsoever no please the biggest name
sub best talent the easiest meal Roger that for now and when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the
women with painted lips around the pole I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I listen to the
new Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours I ain't never said no I'm that good boy
no
and the life of the King.
You want to put hist the trail into the river ofashes and?
Can we send it?
Sure?
I'd Santa Claus at reality.
I can't hear it that everyone.
I can't hear it.
I can't hear it.
I can't hear it.
I can't hear it.
Okay, 12.59 at 5.60 WQA.
And we have 12.72 on the pole.
13.1 is a given baby.
It is a given. No, it's Swetsky.
WQA, hello.
Hey, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Listen, what's with this new air playing it landed in the...
I don't know.
What do you mean what's with it?
Well, it's got the casino and it's got a window in the bathroom.
And then what's with people playing slot machines as a form of masturbation?
There you go.
56705, well, there's a lot of tapping going on.
We'll say that.
56705, 60 in pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular.
Wireless line.
What's with this?
And what's with that?
And what's with the...
Yeah, what's with it?
WQA, hello.
QA.
Sounds awfully quiet.
It is quiet.
I like those. Once in a while.
You bring on screen.
WQA, hello.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Uncle Neil.
Yes, I am.
Oh, God, I'm glad I got you put through.
I just want to say how many great stories there were today.
And certainly not trying to save the world.
But the global warming thing is out of this world.
Great stories today about it.
But how on earth do you think that the rest of the world is going to get on the job with us?
There's no way we can save it.
Get out of the bird with us.
Is that what you said?
I'm sorry, what you saying?
I said have a great day.
Somebody QA and hello.
And get some help.
QA and hello.
I think that the world I thought.
Hahaha.
If you look what he's you're ever, man.
Wow, okay.
Well, he must be with a judge out of the tree.
SMOK, ING.
1282 and a poor, by the way.
You see this is more like it.
This is the kind of show that we're going to be doing for now.
I don't care whether Jolly, Rolly, or Joe or anybody else in there.
I'm just doing my show.
I'm doing my thing.
I got my personal consultant's author advising me, you know.
Maybe I'll get Walter Sabre on the phone to, you know, give me some really bad advice.
This is what they want.
Sitting here and reading all these depressing stories about George Bush's in Nazi and big Chinese in Nazi.
And here I'm carrying Rumsfeld was in Nazi.
I mean, we all night Carl Roe was in Nazi.
Is there any news about them?
What are we going to do about it?
Huh?
Huh?
Exactly.
And I blame George for it.
Sorry about that.
Promoting all those stupid aspects.
I mean, I've got a few, you know.
Scientists accused his White House of Nazi tactics.
I got that one there.
I got some crap.
Don't ever think I don't have a bunch of crap.
Because when it comes to that, I'm the master, man.
I'm the crap master.
5670560 and 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQYM, hello.
7070QYM, hello.
It's a nail.
Yes, sir.
What a great day it is.
And listen to you.
Every single day I wake up by lunch break.
You have lunch with you.
And we pass the Buddha around.
And you have some sushi with me.
I'm not going to be in the nail.
Oh, sushi!
No!
What are you?
Teacher of course, that's why you.
And become a professor at F.A.U.
And come back to Miami so he can be my lover.
Yeah, teacher of course, or what?
Life?
Of course, in life, yeah.
I have no life.
Yeah, it's serious.
Of course, in comedy.
200-E to both of them, Paul.
Got some of these very important fangs, now.
Let's see.
Oh, not another priest.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Jesus, Chrysler Motors.
Delray beats no less.
Ah.
A priest accused along with another clergyman.
Oh, we know who these guys are.
This is just enough Chuck on this story.
A priest accused along with another clergyman.
And if stealing more than $8 million from their church,
once cracked that an auditor parish funds was a waste of money,
well, then look at the date on this March 9th.
I already did this story.
Sorry, I got all excited.
I already had done this story, man.
This is March 9th.
And today is March 20th.
Last time I checked, we had this looked awfully familiar about Father Gwinin and John Skien.
They're Skien and the Skien on Thin Ice.
So whatever they're doing, hand in hand, gland in hand.
All this crap with a church.
You think you're not sick now, Brandon?
I'm going to come over there and put you way into a coma.
You're like, you know, see, I can't...
I'm just...
I'm juggling like five balls here today during the show.
Really?
And some of them already got five.
It says...
Oh, the odd men.
Oh, my God.
He's got the...
Gremlins with your friend Zach Gallagher.
Well, good.
Enjoy it.
Brandon, I turn out right now.
Warm up the set.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Oh, my life.
My what happened to my life?
Sometimes I feel...
You know how that goes.
I wish I had the original one.
You do, don't you?
No, I don't.
The build called her one.
That's what I...
I would not.
This is not the original one.
Are you any reminder what?
Sometimes I feel myself...
Was it on that CD I sent you while back?
What?
It's on the original.
I don't know.
I'm not out of here.
The dream and again.
I just love that man.
I just love when they pick it like that.
Starts bleeding all over the place.
Club AD at an impol.
It's Tuesday, March 20th.
The day that the old man finally gave up with a mush.
You know, no more mushing.
Remember I told you I used to have that guy named BuzzMushin?
No, Fat Guy.
Yeah, I did.
It's smelling and smelling.
When I worked there for about a week.
I told you that story.
This was a big fat guy and we go to breakfast together.
I was, you know, 80 dollar a week job.
It's snowing and snowing because they couldn't find any of us a real job.
So they hired us, you know, as a counselor, job counselors.
Total bunch of crap.
At any rate, BuzzMushin was this fat guy's name.
And we go into the diner across from where we worked in Hollywood.
And he would order like pancakes and French toast and bacon and cereal and the two eggs and a small diet drink.
That's a true story.
Yeah, sorry.
Food or like everything on a menu and then a small diet drink.
BuzzMushin.
Enough of the mushin, baby.
Okay, I get the message.
Okay, hang on a second.
Who?
Who?
Tell me what this is.
Oh, no, the original.
Let's sit.
Sometimes I feel.
Oh, my God.
Like life.
Pass me by.
Sometimes I feel.
Like people don't want to smile.
You got it.
It's a mess.
C.D.S.
I do.
You sent me one.
The whole bunch of miscellaneous crap on it, remember?
The nebocca brine package.
Biff collar on a radio.
Biff collar on a radio.
Maridio.
That's what that's.
That's what that's.
Mmm.
That's a bunch of weaverisms and stuff on there.
Or just a sort of crap that I found on cards.
Really?
Things.
I've tried.
They don't make a much build cauldron anymore, I'll take it that.
Okay, now this is not the disc, but this is an interesting one.
It's got a lot of stuff on there that I never played with.
You're going down.
Explosion will be an extraordinary magnitude.
Oh, maybe that's why I never played with.
I'm a moon nerd.
Get their basketball down in there.
Spank with moon rocks.
Alright.
Nothing like getting spank with moon rocks.
Isn't that how you get your moon off?
I'm a moon nerd.
Get their basketball down in there.
Spank with moon rocks.
Okay, 1292 votes on a poll.
I told you we had 13 in the bank.
Oh, and there's that ugly kid with glasses.
That boy scout cubed in North Carolina.
He's going to get medical attention after being a member of the United States.
And then they'll take him up in the woods and see if they can move him again.
They try like hell.
And he came back.
So I have it a bad pit.
And you take it out of the woods and you let it go and hope that it...
And then all of a sudden there's a scratching at the door.
Oh, no, not you again.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
What is it?
It's Ron and there's a good one.
That's not the question.
Who it is, it's a quote of one of those.
Wow.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, I can.
W. Well, thanks for finding the answer in the question.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
We got a big fan out here in Mahokie.
Yeah.
And you know, South Florida radio hasn't been the same since Rick and Sons last.
Yeah, thank God.
I'm in Mahokie.
Yeah, Rick Routi was big in Mahokie.
In fact, the son said he probably owned a long in the Mahokie.
Now we said, in the Mahokie.
In the Mahokie.
1292, I bet if I refresh this baby, and then I say we're going to go way over 13 today.
1295, they're coming in little chunks now, Chris.
Eat your heart out.
And the Perichungles got full.
I thought that the, I guess way back when it wasn't in the Gables, the Perichungle or was it in the Grove.
I'm trying to think it was a South Miami where was it?
It would be original.
It would be down 111.
112.
112 in Galloway or something.
I forgot the other cross three.
Galloway, that's where Norman Brothers produces.
Man, do I love Norman Brothers' produce?
I wonder if it's still there.
It is.
Can't believe it used to be okay before it got so overcrowded.
Nobody's speaking English no more.
That was the problem.
No, No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
WQ way.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Jerry, about the Judge and Ann and the Colonel got called in the car.
Smoke a weed.
WQA and Hello.
Call the police.
WQA and Hello.
That's still got nothing.
You sure now?
Okay, just double second.
5, 6, 7, he can call 2, 3 times a day.
Just in case, one of these days, he'll say, oh, I got something.
But it might be contagious, you never know.
So you'll see that they'll make it come back.
You just, you know, you expect too much all at once.
I'm sticking with it, man. I'm going to persevere.
Alright, I'm sticking my nose right to the old Brian Stahl.
So if I could be like, like Glenn Campbell, man, I'll be a Brian Stone Cowboy.
WQA and Hello.
QA and Hello.
Yeah, very general used to be the cross tree was one 12th and the whole cover.
Right.
Right.
And didn't it go out with the hurricane or something?
They moved it over to the beach.
It's like I'm a little island now.
Very jungle island.
Well, and then inevitably nobody can get there because there's nobody going.
Nobody wants to go.
There are four votes.
Four votes out of 495.
That's pretty lame.
That's pretty lame.
To go see the parrots in the McCaws, you know, you can go see the parrots in the Trappocanon.
Next time you go to Vegas.
Okay.
You ever go in the Trappocanon?
Sure.
I just had pretty good luck in the Trappocanon.
That's where the rap city used to be.
That is correct.
Oh, man.
Was that a great restaurant?
They had the damn best.
The best.
What is the dessert I'm trying to think of now?
Not bake the last one.
What's the other one?
Banana's Foster.
Banana's Foster.
Now you're talking.
Now we finally got to the meat of the matter.
Banana's Foster.
I think we might have had that there too.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Seeing you wonder, you scratch your head.
You're going to have to go to the so great when out of business.
The rap city restaurant inside the Trappocanon.
Maybe somebody will know.
Maybe somebody knows Jaime Roth.
Or maybe Frankie Pantangely might know.
Come and have a problem with nothing.
Can you hit it on the side of the picture more than night?
Frankie.
I sure will shoot it.
Mike.
Are you shooting high up in the St. Aaron Mountains?
And you're making, uh, what do you think it's happening?
It's happening.
It's happening.
It's happening.
Oh, I'm looking at this.
Sorry, Frankie.
Brockport, New York.
That's right near Rochester, my hometown.
Oh, it's all over the place.
It's like a disease.
It's spreading.
A 52-year-old Roman Catholic priest is accused of forcibly touching a female coworker.
Well, at least it's a female, as time.
And well, then say what she was.
The Reverend Peter Aynon Bodu was arrested and charged with three misdemeanor counts
of harassment and one of forcible touching.
He was a reign before Brockport Village Judge Lys Friday,
released to return to court December 6th.
And this is the 16th of March.
The DIC Sir Rochester said in the statement that Aynon Bodu requested and was granted a
personally evabisance until a finalist was sentenced to the charges.
The charges accused him of kissing a woman with whom he worked a few months ago.
Little didn't say where he kissed her though.
Remember that song by the Everly Brothers?
Where I kissed you?
Yeah.
Aynon Bodu was ordained in his native Ghana in 1984.
Where I kissed you?
Backed away.
And came to Rochester in 1988.
He served the pastor of the Church of the Nativity of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Brockport
since 1999.
Oh, I love that's my favorite church.
The Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Brockport.
I'm going right now.
I'm going to get on my knees.
Here's one that says, are we ever going to be able to listen to your show here in Orlando?
Yeah, it gets your computer.
I moved here five years ago, but 90% of talk radio is conservative.
The only good show is the Phillips file, but he's known as the Rogers.
And this is Viva la Canada.
I think it's Phillips or something?
No, Phillips.
What's that guy's name?
He's always talking about me like everybody else.
I can't think of it.
Garden Phillips?
Midnight Phillips?
No.
Phillips show.
No.
Phillips screwdriver.
I like that.
I always get to have one in your back pocket.
Don't sit down fast, though.
13 out of 11 votes, baby.
Unbelievable.
I'm the only one.
I'm the only one.
Not as unbelievable as the Church of the Blessed Virgin Mary before.
Now the folks get bent on you.
And the powers you possess.
Or since you saved his life with your flight scissors, right?
He's got a job for you to do.
What?
What?
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the victory on your chest and full proofs to light dress,
The bending of the war of prayer.
Oh.
Virgin Mary.
Virgin Mary.
Who's with the speed of what the sound?
Sex of that nice, straight to hell.
When a building starts to roll,
We go to the east and we know
Your expression comes with my hateful.
Oh.
What is that?
What is it?
All that we say and do is right.
I know that.
One 19, that's what our management says here.
That's the esports mafia, QAAM.
13 out of 11 votes on a poll in case you didn't hear me talking over the Virgin Mary.
Don't be talking over the Virgin Mary man.
She might have something really important they'd say,
Especially when she's hanging on to them over passage in Chicago,
Or on the side of the bank building in clear water.
She hangs out in some very strange places of the Virgin Mary.
Paul and the Gable says the pair of jungle moves to Watson Island and now it sucks.
Maybe that's why it's bringing up the rear on our poll today.
I knew there had to be a reason.
It says it's just another modern iteration of a once classic place to visit.
It might as well go on the way of the serpentarium.
It says, oh no.
Norman is still strong.
Norman brothers as a shorties.
Isn't that why they spend a billion dollars to build the metro rail so that everybody goes to the shorties bar.
That's right.
I'm going to tell you something.
They must know the right people because when somebody, when the government spends a billion dollars of your tax dollars,
So everybody can go to lunch at shorties.
You've got to say, all right.
I respect that a lot.
13, 15 out of 14.
If we really put the pedal to the metal man,
Did I say something about 14?
Huh? Huh? Huh?
Did I say that?
So the guy that called earlier for my email is writing a book about churches and clergy and the things they do.
They do things they say and he's heard me talk about my experiences and wants to pick my brain and get some stories.
Well, I can say that on the air.
I guess he didn't want to.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
I think he's not embarrassing.
He just flipped a little cash out of the table for this or what?
He's not really any treasure island scams.
Hi, a pally.
Or something like that.
I wish, but so far.
I know something that I just don't on me.
This is, I don't know how to say it, but this has been a phenomenal day for me.
Well, I'm serious.
It's been great all day.
A watershed day.
It's been a watershed day.
I don't know what that means, but they say that.
I mean, I'm going to the watershed and get spanked with the moon night.
I'm going to the sun over.
You know what they say?
On the moon?
Nerds get their pants pulled down and they are spanked with moon rock.
Oh.
But that's another piece of good news.
It's been a long time since Fatboy has bugged us.
You know, that particular Fatboy?
Yeah.
That one like,
Hi, a pally.
Yeah.
But this has been a watershed day in my life.
I don't know what it's just, everything is like falling into place.
Like it like in a puzzle.
You know, you're taking the pieces of a puzzle and putting them together.
Mm-hmm.
Sounds awfully melodramatic to me.
And it is.
Oh.
Don't tell me another one.
Worcester.
This is from Worcester Mass, or some people say,
would you please pass the Worcester Shire Sauce?
Or is it Worcester?
They say it's a somewhere.
Isn't it amazing how it literates some people are?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Pass the Worcester or Shorch?
A suspended priest who was arrested earlier this year after allegedly assaulting
his mother and sister has been arrested again on similar charges.
Well, maybe there are a couple of bitches who knows, you know?
The Reverend Joseph Koonin, 50, was arrested Friday,
and it's scheduled to be arraigned in doubly court next Monday on charges
including domestic assault and battery.
On a person over 65, his mother and a disabled person, his sister is mentally retarded.
Oh, lovely.
Lovely.
Pops.
He also faces charges of assault and battery with a dangerous weapon, a 12 pack of Pepsi.
Oh.
I hate when they use that.
Ah!
Ha!
Worcester police charge in Anthony Saud told the telegram and he said it was to
that both women had superficial injuries.
Police were called to the residents by a neighbor who had been contacted by Koonin's sister, Patricia Loiselle.
Koonin lives with a sister and mother, Mabel Koonin.
Mabel, black label.
You ever hear those spots?
Of course not.
Nope.
He was removed from, isn't it amazing?
Not amazing.
But it's kind of neat that in different parts of the country there are different like regional
beers, you know?
Like Genesee, Jenny, in North-State, New York, and black label.
Now who is a...
What are the callings black label?
Is that who makes black label callings?
I don't know.
I'll take your word for it.
Mabel, black label.
And then of course there's always the one from Utica.
You see.
Utica club.
You see.
He was removed from ministry at St. John's.
When I start battling like this, this means for sure that I'm...
They're going to find me like a little pile of soddest at the bottom, hopefully after two o'clock.
Right here at the bottom of my chair.
He was removed from ministry at St. John's.
Roman Catholic Church in August 2002 by former Worcester Dyshees Bishop.
Daniel Riley, an oak him to Rick, after allegations at Koonin committed sexual misconduct in the 70s,
before he became a priest, before he put on the frock.
Now let me ask you, if you put on the frock, does that make you look like...
Friar tuck?
Friar frock.
Friar.
Friar.
Friar.
Friar frock.
And then try to wear that baby.
And I think I am becoming an important thing.
I've just been too much... so much exciting activity today.
I'm like...
I'm going to fall into a pile of mush right in the chair.
No more mush.
In February, Koonin was arrested on charges including domestic assault and battery,
and intimidating a witness after another dispute between Koonin and sister and his mother.
Sounds like some domestic problems there, you know?
In August, both women filed statements with the court asking that the charges be drafted
and the charges later dismissed.
But he's back at it again.
Lots of priestess there were lots of problem, multi-problems, as they say, in Italia.
That guy was telling me about the bumper sticker.
Can you believe that guy?
About the Neo-Guy bumper sticker in Italy and Rome?
Why would he make up a story like that?
Yeah, that's right.
What kind of a lunatic, what kind of a maniac caught on the Neo-Rodger show?
What kind of a story like that?
I mean, there's way better stories to make up if you were going to make one up.
Watch your language, Brandon. He's back again on this incident.
I'm telling you, these guys have got me going upside the back where it must be punishment.
It must be punishment for something evil I've done.
Well, you deserve it.
I do deserve it.
Too much mush.
Too much mush?
The dogs that I did arrive right, race?
And what is the I did arrive, race?
Or is it that dick-perton bit at that time?
Yeah, it's a long-distance dog sled race.
Dog sled race.
In a last one.
And they say mush to the dogs?
They do.
They do the dogs say to them like, point.
I think it's Eskimo or Inuit.
1320 Inuit.
Oh, we got the Inuits here, baby.
That's what I heard.
Yeah.
Say mush to what they've actually been doing.
I can't get out of the new I knew DeFo's a real...
Yeah.
Say mush to what it's he if they give you some.
Oh, enough of the mush, okay?
That's what Buzz said.
Enough of the mush.
I'll have 14 pancakes.
I have 16 orders of bacon and some sausage on the side.
And a small diet drink.
What a guy.
I wonder if he's still alive.
You know, I wonder if he's interesting to...
I mean, not that it's important.
I wouldn't spend a lot of time online trying to find Buzz mush in, you know?
Or like some of the other people from my checkered past doing stupid jobs like that.
But it would just be interesting to know, you know?
Oh, no, he's dead.
And I would go like, oh, right.
What a surprise.
Something maybe feel the spirit of Christ can come.
To step on church.
A bunch of men of a white neighbor.
A riot.
Just like the ones I used to know.
Where the ones were trimmed and cars had rimmed.
It seemed so very long ago.
I'm dreaming of a white neighbor.
With every force inside I'll ride.
May your days be merry and bright.
And may all your new neighbors be white.
By the way, what's the guy's name?
The new times Bob Norman that wrote that crap yesterday about...
Suffolored a self-appointed censor in the Joe Rose thing.
And all that crap about red bone and all that.
Hand bone.
Seat bone.
Connected to the seat bone and whatever.
Bob Norman, you were an idiot, okay?
Well, I've never agreed with Thompson before.
But, yeah.
In other words, glorifying him and pretend that he actually may have a legitimate point here.
As opposed to being the perpetual Ojon Prabhakator.
I've cut the crap, Bob Norman, whoever you are.
Good thing nobody reads that crap anyway.
All those handouts, publications, you know.
Nobody reads them anyhow.
1339 votes on the poll.
What are I saying to Chris?
We could have had a really shy...
We could have had a shot.
We could have had greatness today, man.
Although I think we didn't achieve greatness.
What do you call it?
A watershed day in the history of my life today?
That's what I called it, even though I don't know what that means.
I don't need it, but I'll take it.
Say watershed day in my existence.
All the way around on the show.
Online, offline, inline.
I'm going to go to the store and stand, online.
Now, is that only something I think only Jews do that.
They stand online, New York Jews.
Everybody else stands inline.
But New York Jews stand online.
I was online for half an hour.
I've heard that before.
Well, maybe they were Jews.
I don't know.
I didn't check ID.
They were Jewish.
I didn't Jewish stand online for half an hour.
It depends on what's in the line.
I have no patience.
I have to learn.
I have to be taught.
Otherwise, if I don't learn to get some patience, I'm going to get a spike.
I'm going to learn.
Learn.
Get their pants pulled down and they are spanked with murals.
Welcome.
Oh, WQA and hello.
They are going to have to do it.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon, Mr. Colour.
What do you got?
Something that deserves to be on the list.
It's truly online or kind of friends when they come in at Sforbate Season.
I take them to it.
It's truly the slice of 1950's Miami is the Venetian Pool, a rural game.
The what?
The Venetian Pool and rural game.
It is a natural rock-poori pool that they decorate it up in 1950.
It's a 40-50's stuff.
It must be for anybody who's never seen it.
I'll try to make it worse for it.
Okay, I'll tell you.
Don't put it on there.
What about this kayak?
Huh?
What about it?
It shouldn't be on the list.
There's nothing wrong with the sky.
Well, I've never been there.
It's a big fancy house on the water there.
It's old.
It's got some antiques inside.
And that's it?
Well, I mean, there are some people that really enjoy that kind of thing.
You know, never been down in the ground.
There are four votes on our award-winning pool today on a great Tuesday, March 20th.
A banner day in the history of the New York Roger Show and my life in Georgia's life and Chris.
And everybody else out there too.
And all the shifts at sea.
I have no idea why, but I'm just made that up.
1344, if someone from out of town visits out Florida,
make sure they don't miss blank.
That's the pool.
They don't miss blank.
And believe me, if they come to South Florida, they're going to get plenty of f***ing blank.
It almost isn't up to inspire me to play.
Gina's blank.
As in, Gina's dead.
Right, right.
Gina's dead.
But not enough.
And no, I'm not turning on the game show channel.
Sorry.
Okay, the legendary New York Roger Show is leading the way.
How do you like that?
Boy, is that a nice pad on my back?
I've had so many pads to them.
I'm ready to pass out on the floor.
I like a pad on the shoulder and a pad on the back.
But not quite so hard, you know what I'm saying?
Don't push me off the chair, guys.
Legendary New York Roger Show, 353.
Don't miss it.
Especially now that we're actually having a real...
You know, this is what it's going to be, baby.
Right now, I'm coming to that right now.
And I don't care how many times George gives me.
Oh, you need to go back to reading a whole bunch of bedtime.
I'll read a couple here and there.
I'll slip one in, you know, when you least expect it.
But I'm banged.
Here you go, like that.
I'll slip one of those in your shoe.
I would advise them not to come to South Florida.
339, including me.
That would be my best advice.
Don't do it, please.
Like that story that William Holden was telling at the beginning of the
network when they're getting drunk at the bar, him and Howard Beale.
And he says, hey, can't be taken into the foot of the George Washington Bridge.
Remember, he was doing a remote.
And the cab driver says, don't do it, pal.
You got your whole life idea, pal.
South Beach 269.
Don't miss your outbound flight, 111.
Whatever you do, that's in fact, jump on the wing.
You know, that expression of wing in a prayer.
I would jump on the wing if that's what it took to get out of there.
Can you believe how stupid I was when I left my winter coat?
I told you that story last time I came back up here.
I was so depressed standing there in the checkout line.
You know, and I'm thinking to myself, all the times that I flown back and forth
from here down there and back.
And generally, you're taking consideration.
It's 7580 degrees down there.
And it's like a zero up here, you know, or like maybe a 25.
Or maybe if you're lucky.
And I'm standing there.
I felt I just wanted to sit down on the floor and put my head in my hands and cry.
Have you ever had that feeling? Well, probably you every day.
Oh.
The routebound flight 111.
I hate this pool 65.
I mean, it's 75 or 4.8%. That's pretty good. They like it.
And we didn't even ask it to begin in the show today.
You like it?
But we should do that from now on.
Not that I'll pay any attention. There's whatever we want to do.
Sog rest mills mall. Don't miss it, man.
40 votes for the Sog rest mills mall. It's an attraction.
Why, Neil? I haven't got any idea.
You could throw a rock from my house to the Sog rest mills mall.
In fact, if you're smart, you would.
Little Havana 36. Don't miss that.
That'll make you get on Zip Lane.
Early bird dinner is got.
About 30, man.
The Jungle Queen dinner cruise 28.
Now, let me ask you something about the early bird.
Are as many places offered it as they used to know that all the old Jews are dead?
You're asking us.
Well, I mean, just general opinion. I mean, you get around town a little bit.
As far as I know.
You know, the thing about old people, they keep making more.
That's right. Don't tell me.
The Jungle Queen dinner cruise 28.
Now, you guys out there. Don't ever get old.
That's my best advice. Believe me. Take my advice.
My Kai 22, Cemetery Village 21.
How does the My Kai even qualify as a tourist attraction?
I know they got the, you know, the Polynesians show and all the glitzy.
Right, they got the garden there and...
Yeah, that. I hear garden My Ass.
The Jungle get a rake. Maybe a hoe.
Maybe I can be like Moa. I can get raked in it.
My Kai 22, Cemetery Village 21.
The Metro Zoo where you'll find the Amchus Juan McGill.
Well, you know, I never played that open.
I don't know why. Probably because the Chris would have never sprained down.
The one in two hours, the one we run McGill.
This is round McGill from Amchus, and I listen to that.
You know, Rodgers, one in two hours.
Hell, let's eat better than sex with the animals.
When I was with all the sound effects here,
I'd never be a thunk about it before. Who'da thunk it?
Um, Metro Zoo 19, Monkey Jungle 12, speaking of that.
And a parrot jungle only for so-called Quattro.
So, Tonto Quattro.
How come it can be Quattro and Uno?
How come the Italians and the Spaniards could give...
Yeah, how come they could agree on two numbers there?
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
I don't know. Huh?
Oh, what's the guy who did with Joseph Gacchi?
I had the wrong button. I was trying to say...
How come Uno and Quattro?
Cinco and Cinque? Huh?
Trace and Tray?
Yeah.
Duo, uh, those and, uh, do we?
Nive and Nive.
Oh, then.
Oh, to Metro Zoo?
Mm-hmm.
Sea and...
No.
Twenty before two, you see this?
Twenty till two or QA.
Hey, hold on.
I feel in coherence today. I don't know what it is.
This hasn't been a show today.
This whole thing has been like an experience.
Did it really happen?
No, I mean by that?
No.
I don't think I do either. That's your gonna wake up and you're gonna have to show all the...
Third, yeah. I'm gonna wake up and realize it's like seven in the morning.
I gotta get up now and get ready to do all this.
And do this and do that. And it's only Tuesday.
The good news is Thursday, another mile I gave it 12.50. Oh yeah.
Ow!
It's been good for my internship at the...
You're ratings are dying now.
Well, I don't wanna show you what a fake ass said I was to your hand-house.
Rectums?
Yes, does your good fight somebody good enough to film my begging pants?
Are you mean easy?
Huh?
Very no chance I'll let it be coming back.
I'm excited considering a lucrative act.
If you wanna know what it'll say if I'm shutting that transmitter to the lounge...
Why?
That's easy.
Sure.
Oh, you need a smile.
I think I'm gonna wake up.
Oh, you need a smile.
I'm gonna wake up.
Oh, you need a smile.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I think your old dreams last only got to the day.
I think that my ratings have bottomed out in the night.
And I think I'll have to re-loathe these two of them today and civil wars.
And we did...
That's what you need to know.
Now we're drinking.
Oh, you need a smile.
I don't know.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
You fight away something.
You can't hold me to give me this.
You see?
What the hell?
Are you gonna go fight me?
On the moon?
Nerds get their pants pulled down a mare.
Spank with Murat.
Okay, 14 go through.
I can't wait for that 1360 people.
It's man, Chris, you really missed a golden opportunity.
I apologize.
We could have another day just like last Monday.
Remember last Monday when we had 1500 and some odd votes and I do underline the odd part on a show.
And we were going nuts.
I was going nuts.
I think that was the beginning of the day.
Turn around, so to speak.
Turn around.
Back your pants.
Back down.
And go to the moon.
Or just moon the audience.
Boy, this, this, uh, whoever is sending us all these stories,
I don't know.
Working overtime.
And that's good.
I like these stories.
Driver's sex charge is added.
In diamond brought back against priest as well.
Covington, Kentucky.
Oh, that's a place you don't want to be.
Or is this, and I'm sure it must be.
This says Cincinnati.com.
But isn't Covington and Kentucky?
Yes, it is.
I don't know.
It is.
You never know.
Yes, it is.
Remember, yes, it is by the Beatles.
That was the flip side of something really good.
Was that the flip side of yesterday?
Yes, it is.
You don't have that by the Beatles?
By the Beatles?
Yes, it is.
Well, let's hear it.
That's a great song.
And why this thing isn't working.
Yeah, kick it.
Smack it a little bit, okay?
Spank it with moon rocks.
That'd be nice.
A former school bus driver was invited in Kenton County, Kentucky, on charges of sexually
exploding a child today.
Andrew Greyboe, or is that grab on?
Forty of Florence was invited on two counts of first-degree astronomy.
And one of the first-degree rape that had issued to another felony.
All the charges grab penalty of 20 years to life in prison.
Kenton Commonwealth Attorney, Rob Sanders, and Greyboe sexually has flooded a preteen
from June 2004 through April 2005 when he lived in Cometon.
Investigators said they found movies of the sex-floor exploitation and Greyboe's computer
clinical records.
The records stated that movies were among a large amount of pornographic material confiscated.
Greyboe remains in the Boone County jail where he faces sexually, a charges of sexually
has flooded another child.
What if it's the old Boone in the box in the Boone County jail, do you think?
Don't tell me there's more of this.
Oh, no, it's something else, okay.
It says that he was arrested January 25 on eight counts of use of a minor in a sexual
performance.
Boone County Sheriff Deputy said he was having sexual relations with a 16-year-old student
who wrote his Boone County school bus and evidently was riding more than that.
Circuit Judge Patricia Sumi will arrange grew a group on the County charges April 2nd in Cometon.
In a separate case today, the grand jury brought back an indictment against the Reverend Thomas
A. M. Gakey, who has been on medical leave since 2000 from the Archdiocese of Cincinnati.
Oh, no.
When does it ever stop?
Will it ever stop, huh?
Father, you have to know all the boys.
No chance.
Gakey was indicted on a charge of first-degree possession of a controlled substance upon a felony
possible about to five years in prison.
Investigators said they found 0.02 grams of crack cocaine and geeky's car as well as a
straw.
Maybe he was just rick and a soda pop.
Spoons and crack pipes and leather bag between the front seats as well as black and white
photographs of well-endowed men.
Oh, wow.
Put all those things together.
What do you guys?
All of these things.
He was also indicted on one kind of possession of drug paraphernalia, a misdemeanor.
Pictures of well-endowed men.
Black and white photos, though, not full color.
Gakey was arrested January 8th by members of the Northern Kentucky Drug Strike Force
outside the Hampton Inn in Covington.
He told police you now lives in Tampa.
All right.
He had previously served as pastor of two churches in Dayton, Ohio.
Narcotics agents responding to a tip watch as Gakey left his hotel room with two other men.
Oh, what were they doing in that room, huh?
A father.
When the three got into his car, the agents approached and asked him to get out.
Gakey remains free on bond.
He'll be arrained in Kent and Circuit Court today.
Before Judge Stephen Yeager or is that Yeager as in Yarmory, Yager?
I don't think so.
Let's have some hockey talk.
What do you say?
Let's get rumor on the phone.
Do a hockey show.
No.
And that's another good thing.
Not only don't we see fat boy anymore.
That's another reason I'm in such a good mood today.
You know who else I never hear from anymore?
Rimmer?
Ever, ever here.
Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
In other words, if it's free, it's me.
All right.
Well, that's really good news.
13th and 167 votes.
You see, we really, I mean, we're going to be on the edge of 14 as it is.
Now, without the big push, I mean, we're certainly not going to get 33 votes in nine minutes.
But we're going to be right on the precipice, man.
Right on the edge of such phenomenal greatness.
This isn't just legendary.
This is almost unspeakable, you know what?
It's almost like a religious experience that you arrived at your show.
That's what they say.
They're good.
And they do.
That's KNEEL, do you?
They kneel.
That's why leading on the pool out of 1367 votes.
If someone from out of town visits out for them, make sure they don't miss the legendary Near Rogers show.
355.
Over a quarter of the respondents are like tinkling all over my leg.
Excuse me while I go get a towel, please.
Just like that duck.
Too bad we can't play that anymore.
Just stop and think about all the great things you've done.
I do sometimes I do.
And I show it to be five.
Even more than I out normally to.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's the fact that it says having played tour guide for many of his interviewer sky is a must see for those who want to.
Did we put this guy on there?
Why not?
Some cultural history.
Sure.
The gardens are as beautiful as the house.
The gardens are very beautiful.
Apedition pool is also very historical and cool to see, but probably around five on a top ten list.
The sky it says it would put number two.
The new parachungal is a sham attourist trap.
Whereas the old parachungal was pretty cool since, says, whoever this is.
Well, thank you very much.
Thank you so very much.
The new parachungal is, you know, for the birds.
I still would like to see a macaul once again before I die.
Now, when you go into the trap of Canada, the point I was trying to make before, is that when you go across, you know how they have those walkways like from the MGM grand.
And you go right across and you're like in the trap of Canada.
And you walk through the lobby in there and you've got all those parrots.
Right.
They just hang out on those, what do you call those things?
Parrots?
No, no, but they hang out on those wooden things.
They just branch with perch?
Yeah, they're on a perch.
That's it, perch.
And those of us go fishing in, and like the French say, perch on this is Jompazze.
That's what the French say.
They hold up that middle finger.
Jompazze.
That's why you don't want to ever go to Frick Paris too many freaking Frenchmen.
What's they doing?
What's they doing?
Bonds, my piece of been, sub been, sub been.
Past the inspectors.
Bonds, my piece of been, sub been, sub been.
Past the inspectors.
Don't want to fly without Kite.
Overseas.
Fly without Kite.
I'll be thrown this with a breeze.
Don't want to fly without Kite.
But I know the air.
Oh, no, not me.
I'm not in the ocean.
Pakistanis.
I'm covered in nasty, nitric listening.
And a tube of dense stream.
Mix it up and, boy, bake some TNT.
Oh, no, that's no solution.
Don't want to fly without Kite.
The OAC.
Fly without Kite.
There'll be nothing left of me.
Don't want to fly without Kite.
Wait and see.
I'm mine and I'm in the ocean.
And welcome to Heathrow International Airport.
Please note, enhanced security measures are in place for the aviation sector.
All liquid and gels are prohibited.
You're meeting checkpoint for the aircraft.
As includes beverages, champs, mobion, sand lotion, toothpaste,
bedroom, and other items of similar consistency.
Thank you for your attention and enjoy your flight.
Bye, bye, bye!
