That's for you, Jolly Joe.
This is better than sex.
A 560W QAM presents now, see here, with Mohawid David.
And, and, we're going to do it all.
Now will your sport holes out there, Greg?
Yeah, I'm going to talk sports.
See?
Who's Tung Boa for the Bibi Bull?
Tim Hottaway?
Or Metal Lock Lemon?
Aaaaah!
Who's Tung Boa for the beauty of sport hole figure?
Mmmmm.
Tim Hottaway?
Hey!
Or Alan Seuss.
Can I am hello?
Yeah, I might take on that with the, uh, Alan Seuss.
You know who that is?
No, not really.
Ah, an Amscrayer Sports Tag.
I'll be back with more.
After this, why didn't you want your malgaming golf ball washing it?
If there were long day on the golf course, dressed daily in colors so bright it would embarrass
a circus clown.
You need to reaffirm your manhood with a good slice.
Something that proves your game board that nice, lean shiny balls.
Yes, so this Danny Little Machine washing your balls, spikenspan, hand it's swollen up
to carry around the new checkered pants.
It gives your balls a lick and pedal improvement swing.
The Abalgamated Golf Ball washer.
Thench in my name when you buy one.
You get it for the, uh, regular price.
Alright, I want all your sport holes and think about this for the next POOT TUNK Boa!
POOT TUNK Boa for the game community.
Lance Wrestle, who was married to Joey Harrington.
Or Donna Meachy, who invented the telephone.
I got one of them on no fangirl to what they call it their websites now.
So you can reach me to have it, uh, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, double you,
double you, double you, double you, meant it was over
not exactly the same thing.
And I had two.
but rather than the young brides that
nice. Yes it is. He's still wanted me on the serious thing badly in the beginning
and of course between between whoever the guy was it serious and Norma can't
they botched that whole thing up badly. So I might be talking to
Zidians of people right now instead of sitting here in a studio praying that
we might get the show on the year because QM is a technical disaster and
Jolly Jo is in total denial about it and of course you know what their
response would be now. Well we got you on the air didn't we we got it fished
before his show time. Right. Right. I'm just saying that because I know that
would be the response because they can ever admit to be a bunch of technical
bozos and a bunch of phony broadcasters which they are and all of these things
are just always somebody else's fault today. I used to be number 15 on that list
for a couple of years now I'm down to 69 I think there was more people. If you
kiss Walt say those ass a little more than you did. Yeah that's right if I would
took a kiss a little more pasty ass so I don't do that. I'm not kissing anybody's
ass well. Very very select the small number of people. A carbom exploded today
near a market in Southwestern Baghdad killing at least 10 and wound
to a lot of others in a market emergency police official said the blast struck
the capitals by ya neighborhood house by ya or is that by you house by you a
30-centen of tools expected to rise not good. More bad news from Iraq. People were
in the state of panic it says there were a lot of blood on the ground we
upcarrying the wounded and the ambulance is she had Muslim shopkeeper
ima just seen fully a and P also early today. U.S. led coalition forces killed
eight suspected terrorists and detained six others in raids targeting al-Qaeda
and foreign fighter facilitators in the Baghdad area it's in the Baghdad so
that's the name of that. And it goes on I don't I don't want to hear about all
stuff because it's nobody cares I mean it's not that I don't care it's the
discussing and grotesque and Bush and Cheney both should have been impeached
long time ago but Zion America. Oh Florida Pills Court now considers Smith's mother
a burial request for uh anonacol's mama's mother's request and the beat goes on
it is of course a different judge with a little bit of hair not too much and
glasses and very solemn look and ringing his hands. Let's stay away from that as
much as we can. Please. Speaking of radio stations with technical problems and
other assorted things and it doesn't really stay with station it is either. A
raging vehicle scorched the Hollywood radio station building early this
morning authority said. In fact the headline on the story in the
Harold Blaze in parked car damages radio station and as soon as I saw the
headline I thought oh maybe that explains why we're also screwed up but it
doesn't we're just we're just screwed up because that's the QMF in way. By the
way did you get that message about the carbon monoxide today? Yeah I think
they're actually trying to gas us to death today. Well good luck you you'll
need it thanks. First it was the tar on Monday and then yesterday it was the dead
rat and today it's the carbon monoxide and they still can't wipe you guys out.
We're survivors baby no matter what you guys tried it to us we keep bouncing back
like a like a rubber ball like Bobby Wu V would say remember Bobby V like a rubber
ball bouncy bouncy whatever that stupid song was you got it I'm just
song for time for it because you might have it. I got a rubber ball huh? I got
rubber. Yeah but you do. It took firefighters only moments to knock down the
flames but the blaze did significant damage the outside of the building and
filled the inside with smoke so it was hit at Robert Hazard. There you go Bobby V.
Yes enough. Robert Hazard in the Fire Department spokesman the fire started just
before seven o'clock this morning at the Cox Communications Building 2741
North 29th Avenue that's what we used to work. Yes it is. That's where I never
weakened that building but what do you mean? Well that's right that was the one
across the street from where we were for a while. Correct. That was we got the
tour of it though we got the guided tour. Yeah we did very nice in there. What do
you mean by that? It's nice like the carpet is new. Oh yeah. It's just where no
expense is building that. That's right. The moment I think I'm selling the
Y and I'm in place where the carpeting is moldy and moldy and is all kind of
schmutz on the walls like Huey and Noah's a classy place. A four-story building
houses several radio stations in their haze and said that's correct. The blaze
began in the car park in the first floor parking facility I sure hope it wasn't
old what's his name Mark what was his name Marky Mark what was that guy's name?
Which one? Mark we had many. No no the last name was Mark the guy with a parking
space. Oh Jack Marky. Jack Dared. I know that. That's what I'm saying is just a joke. As
the fire burned it looked like it was coming from the structure itself haze and
said it was actually coming from underneath the building. These surrounding
streets were closed to traffic while firefighters battled the blaze later in
the morning fire officials were trying to ventilate the building. Oh they should
be doing that at QAM ventilate the building let's you guys breed some fresh air.
Get some oxygen in there I didn't see that spot again last night for the oxygen.
Thanks a lot. There's still a lot of smoke up there haze and said what we're
trying to do is remove it from the building the origin of the fire made
unknown investigation continues. Well that's just happening to radio these days
man it's really. So how its firm said that I belonged higher on the list I would
love to have heard of what else he said. I mean not that I really give a crap
although I know he loves that he loves me he loves a show and it's by
all his earlier denials. Remember when he had his his guy the guy from a
serious calling a normal Kent. In fact he didn't call normal Kent he called me
directed and I gave the message to normal Kent and he bops it up real good like
he always does. He really blew it down the toilet. So anyway here's the
poor result from yesterday I can't believe we're actually on a year.
It is a miracle boy. It's about 940 at 940 at one I was sitting here in the red
light was still on there and no you know not the rest of the green lights and
couldn't hear anything and etc. So we've gone through the fax machine problem
this morning we got that straightened out that was also the phone liar the
machine on that end and we got the new machine in there yet or what. Oh wait a
minute. No he said hooked up as a working. So I'm still waiting for those cartridges.
Do you know how long it takes me from office depot to get a toner cartridge from
my family for exactly the same kind of the TN 250 it takes me one day. If I
just afternoon I could have a hundred of them here scattered on my floor tomorrow.
Okay it's not like rocket science it's not like they have to build it they have to
call up Einstein's great. It should be a biggest problem. Yeah.
Put the dots. Oh the dots ain't showing. The dots ain't there I'm a little bit
to dotty myself. Yeah. Remember art then dotty Todd and Sean saw him down more.
I bet you don't have that. Art and dotty Todd. I'm looking at the middle of
their smash. I don't have any idea what year that was. Sean saw him.
I'm one of those French horrible no super songs and super sales. Got him glad you
don't have it. I don't want to hear it. From minutes after 10 to 5 60 WDQ
Emmys or Wednesday we got Eddie Kay for the Mad Dog at 2 the power hour with
Hank Solo 4 to 5 don't ask me to explain that. Humber of 5 to 7 then you got
Humber of Canes warm up at 7 o'clock followed by Canes basketball
crimson with clearance at 7 30 and then Canes wrap up after that followed by
ESPN radio which were mighty embarrassed about.
It's very good.
Whenever I find friends on my face I make good young me a sound.
And I shake it up with a churn and a pound of puts a whipped cream in my mouth.
Isn't it amazing how many teams are eagerly? I know five
news is watching and monitors everything I say.
More stolen photographs I'm gonna clear to sing of all of my young friends on my
Spain.
That's what we're doing today.
I'm going to burn out chicken that cow did himself again.
He did.
10 18 at 5 60 WDQ I'm happy Wednesday too. Oh the sack. No it's not what by Wednesday.
I gotta go to the dentist and get my teeth cleaned.
Drilled maybe that's a little bit too much. No no drill no drill just to get my I'll tell you this.
Getting a cavity filled is to me not is annoying is having your teeth clean.
Because that's only one tooth you know and again that's pretty much pain free and it's all water
shfritzing what the drilling you can feel it in your head you can know it's not that you can
feel it you can hear it yeah that's who can hear it and then of course like that but in any
words I'm getting my teeth cleaned. Not exciting. I'm getting my teeth clean.
That's one of the real exciting events in your life.
Go into the dentist to get your teeth cleaned.
So no one would mind Wednesday which means I'm gonna save a lot of cash.
Here's more on that story before we get to yesterday's pool.
I might as well take my time because I can't you know maybe for my 31st anniversary
on here in town which is a very big day for me not but uh can't still can't take a call
and then you give me this business about well they're gonna come in and try to fix that
today with the dots and yeah I mean like what is it rocket science I like that uh huh
apparently kind of crap is that crap DJ's veil when fire alarm is no drill the big lip
bandit was halfway through his radio show on 99 jams this morning when the fire alarm
sounding thought it was a drill see there you go where you just go into talking about
geo yeah that's the one that's it it was actually his SUV the DJ's Cadillac escalate
at Sennaubkaud fire scorching the Hollywood building the houses the radio station authorities
and radio officials said it looks like a matchstick said radio station vice president
Jerry Russian after the blazing of the distinguished you can't even tell what color it was
wow his car his Cadillac escalate looks like a matchstick anybody got a
bag of cigarette I got fire started just before seven this morning the Cox
Communications Building 27 41 north 29 to have the four story building houses
for a radio station is WEDR WFLC the coast uh WHDR I don't know what that is 93
oh that used to be a good station and they ruined it and then hot 105 which never was a good
station that's still isn't official say the blaze began in a vehicle parked in the first four
parking facility it's caused was unclear said lieutenant Robert Hason what we just talked about
him goofball from the fire department when the fire alarm sounded all four station managers flipped
to an automated programming system and evacuated their employees two of the stations have one of five
and the coast had dead air for a few minutes Russian said oh no not dead air all four managers flipped
nobody was injured in the evacuation it took firefighters only moments to knock down the flames
Hayson said but the blaze did significant damage to the outside the building and fill the inside
with smoke which is really interesting for people like me right now and it's not anywhere near
a place in Hollywood well there you go it took a day off yesterday just for for fun let us catch
our breath another back at it again of the people on the roof mm-hmm let's play up on the roof by the
adrifters okay or who else did up on the roof oh yeah who did the car version the crying
shames if you have that I would practically cry myself I love that song I'm Columbia Records
the crying shames and up on the roof only have the drifters oh what a story what a crying shame
that that's that's like a I don't know what that is that's not the original version well I'll try to
find the uh it's not a shame you can meet well we don't need it's not a big deal it's not a music show
yeah why not I don't know something to think about maybe from my 31st anniversary show tomorrow
we're going to play music all day can you imagine all the people at what I just dying to call and say
happy anniversary Neil I can't even think about function to call up here so we better damn well have
this thing fixed tomorrow you know mm-hmm or or you'll just have to punch them all up I guess like
yesterday that worked out really well they also had a cap like that not you know but our audience is
used to a technical total incompetence we we deal with technical issues when they've brought to
our attention that's what Joe Bell said of course that's why line one hasn't worked for now what
you say Chris about a year and a half oh probably maybe two years now it hasn't worked but we
deal with technical we don't out all the at least he didn't say we fixed them when they're
brought to our attention we just deal with them you know they deal with them they can't get
them fixed they're incompetent but other than that here's the a poll from yesterday 1448 votes
I won't vote for a presidential candidate who was a member of the bush family had almost
60 percent of the total number of votes 860 thank the Lord for that thank
you too I won't vote for a presidential candidate who's a Republican 158 I have no prejudices
against anyone who runs 119 well 8.2% really broad-minded folks a black 48 a woman 41
well and there are polls new polls I couldn't find it either they talked about an MSNBC last
night the news I'll be polls and Barack Obama is beating both mechanics or the anti by four to
six points and they're both beaten swillery in those polls how do you like that good anyway I
have only two and a half percent very slim I won't vote for a candidate who's a Jew 37
gay 36 certainly not for a gay Jew like you you uh feel good bag it
illiterate 33 a Mormon 20 for two late by the way in the illiterate a Mormon 25 a Hispanic 17 obese
well we don't want no fat president we want somebody who's shapely and lovely
an atheist 12 a smoker eight I don't know I have no idea what that's all about what do we
care whether they're smoking it or not or what they're smoking a past drug user three and physically
disabled got a pair two people wouldn't have voted for FDR who may have been our greatest president
every certainly zealem would elected more than twice and was elected four times by the American
people how do you like that not just three times four times count them on the fingers of one hand
if you got them count them and they're Susan candy on each nevertheless lower court represented
or I love you Susan but that's story just it just leaves me limp I cannot deal with no mole and
in the coal I can't deal with it no mole okay just like mole don't don't don't deal with it no
mole I just I'm shocked I just can't believe that I'm sitting here doing this show today me too
because I thought I'd attend to about nine forty five it was like uh nothing it was like the red
light on the box and no communication and the facts not working and uh just just a disaster just
a master of disaster judge course so and whoever that guy was a couple weeks ago it called an
rip-dune ass every day and just just throw you the shred he was absolutely correct sir
maybe in fact maybe we could put him on the air again today the call in a ripman ass if I could
take any calls but nevertheless 844 votes already on today's poll Chris knows we got a thousand
look today we got a maiden the shade easy little lemonade have you ever been pre now this
is another one of trellis bees pulls I like this one this is a good poll although we got already
eight and a half percent hated have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender
yes but I refuse 387 almost half how do you like that George okay
now did you vote yes because of that were you were really proposition you were like how would
you put that proposition many many many many times more times than I can count really sure
for those guys must have really bad I said I've been desperate I got older and I got this
not going yes but I refuse 387 no one I don't care to be 244 I hate this poll 72 8 and a half
percent hated all right what what's the hate it's a fine poll if you ask me oh they're going to
vote for that anyway just because they're hardened bastards on the day before my 31st
anniversary and the day of my daughter's wedding I hate this poll 72 yes I agree to it and I
liked it 63 I agreed to it and I liked it and of course George would say you're fairy
I know but I wish somebody would ask me I only wish somebody would ask me
yes I agree to it but hated it 20 oh fair I'm gay I did it with a straight person 15 and George
yeah no it doesn't I don't want to hear your I know you don't think it's so unrealistic it is
realistic and everyone agreed with me except for gay guys and you won't even let me know whatever
no I know plenty of street people who don't agree with me I'm gay I don't know you don't
when you shut up already I want to get through the pool we got a break to do here mr
let's get the business on here for Christ says you see I'm gay in a straight proposition me 10
huh I'm gay and was refused by a straight person 7 and I'm gay but I wish I could do it with
a straight person 4 how about with a total stranger this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto
May believes in your listening to the hockey authority Neil God man it out boy V. Tavits and an
you were one foot down his body buried in Texas but they know they want to use it for a
artificial barrier reef in the Bahamas correct yeah I want my loaded vinegar back in Texas white
Texas look it all the wonderful people that came out of Texas like who?
yeah you were you don't talk to God there so how good you say things and I you be talking
what this is called broccoli which like you think it sounds wildly and smart not the year from the
concrete city yeah my enemy I thought you grew from New York well I had to leave you don't live in my
well I had to leave you're the kind to take this where we got oil and hookers I'm still
morning hills Lie Jump two
two
two
two
um
I'll ride.
Nice going Larry.
Snap those suspenders, baby.
Is that the bag to your cube?
1033 at 5.60 WQAM.
I just, the thing with the phone, it just leaves me.
I mean, it was bad that we didn't have any connection at all this morning for about
an hour and a half.
That was not the uplifting.
But the thing with the phone and the dots, I just, I am just speechless.
I know this is an incompetent technical disaster place, but, you know, it's just not the
way you do a talk show.
Joe?
Man, I guess they just want to work me on the ground.
Maybe they figured out collapse before the anniversary show tomorrow.
Although today probably is the day I'm going to be getting all my big presence in the mail.
I wouldn't be surprised if I get all kinds of FedExes and all kinds of...
Hey, happy anniversary, Neil.
Here you go.
Here's a phone that doesn't work.
Yeah, just don't use it more.
Huh?
Don't just don't use that Hollywood FedEx kinkos.
Or to never get there.
Oh, that's right.
That's not a good idea.
How come I don't have any problem with my stinko kinko here, man?
I just...
Think about there.
I guess they're the next morning, no matter who I'm sending.
Wait, who are you sending pornography all?
Yeah, right.
Don't use the kinkos in Hollywood.
That's what you're just saying because they stink.
Hey, so who was that version of up on the roof?
I'm trying to find it.
The Accrime Shams, like our own beer records.
Oh, God, were they good.
They had two hits.
It could be were in love.
I think 1968 or 2009 is my best guess of the year and up on the roof.
They did it up on the roof in 1967.
See, I was close.
Boy, we're very close.
And the scratch on the sky.
I don't remember that.
1967?
I don't remember that.
Like I said, was that a hit?
I don't think so.
Never heard of it.
And the version they did up on the roof was like a zillion times better than the Driftors
one, which was the big hit, of course.
And everybody knows the Driftors.
I'm under James Taylor.
Oh, James Taylor.
Now, there is a guy I'd like to forget.
Man, he just gives me shkilkeys.
I can't deal with James Taylor.
Many in the US playing a risky game of sex.
Says MSNBC more than 56,000 meters here, intimate details in an online survey.
That'll get their attention.
Sex.
Sex.
See that?
Exactly.
Something I remember from a distant past.
870 votes on the pool.
Have you, speaking of sex?
Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender?
Yes, but I refused 398.
No, but I don't care to be 247.
I hate this pool.
9% 79.
Yes, I agreed to it, and I liked it.
67.
Huh?
No, but I wish someone would ask me, 22.
That is so sweet.
No, but please, anybody, anything asked me.
Like an art vark, anybody.
Maybe a cat rubbing up against my ankle or something would be good.
Yes, I agreed to it, but I hated it at 20.
I'm gay and I did it with a straight person 16.
I'm gay and a straight proposition, me 10.
I don't know about that.
I'm gay and I was refused by a straight person 7, and I'm gay, but I wish I could do it
with a straight 4.
And how about I'm just old and I wish I could do it, period?
Well, I don't want to put that on it.
That's bad.
What?
Nothing.
Hey, I'm telling you, I'm reaching that point in my life where it's just losing its
significance.
Not from a visual standpoint.
I still see people like this, like I said yesterday, want to reach out and just grab
them and just, you know.
Of course, after that happened, assuming that they didn't resist, I don't know what
I would do with that point.
I'm just, I don't know.
Maybe I'm wrong.
I'm sure you remember.
It's like riding a bike.
Yeah, you never forget, like driving a car.
How risky is your search life, this article?
MSNBC.com and Zod be internationalized online readers to share some intimate details about
their personal lives and more than 56,000 adult men and women, or the largest responses
ever to a sex survey in the USA, revealed that many are playing a pretty risky game.
The survey, which was released Monday, found that while a majority of survey participants
considered themselves knowledgeable about AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases, many
of them are in denial when it comes to sex with someone new.
Like a stranger.
Well, not necessarily, but a stranger.
Stranger the better.
That's what I say.
Just 39% of people who took this survey always ask whether new partners infected with HIV,
the virus that causes AIDS or other STDs.
Nearly a third said they never check out a prospective partner's sexual health status,
and among those with less than a high school education, almost 50% never discussed the issue
of STDs with a new partner.
Troubling statistics given the deadliners of AIDS and the rising rates of general herpes
and other diseases, general herpes.
Ooh, not good.
Charles Ebel, Vice President of Health Program Resources at the American Social Health Association,
says the stigma surrounding sexual infections resulted many people being too afraid to be
straightforward about their sexual history straightforward.
Yeah, a little play on words, I guess.
But it's not a very good idea to be a victim of a sexual attitude.
Being able to talk about it is a huge problem, he says, if the heart is the fear of rejection,
it's the fear of being labeled undesirable.
Unclean.
These are the MSNBC.com survey, which was developed with input from noted sex therapist Dr. Ruth
Westheim, Dr. Ruth.
Wasn't intended to be a scientific explorer, but a snapshot of how well people do that
protect themselves from STDs.
The overwhelming response to the lengthy questionnaire indicates just how much curiosity people
have a lot of sex and how their sexual practices compare to other.
Of course, I've always said practice makes perfect.
Responses to the online survey conducted from September 12 to 16 by Zogby and MSNBC were
anonymous.
Adults ages 18 to 70 answered questions about their sexual practices, along with demographic
information including age, ethnic background, and sexual orientation.
You're fairy.
Questions range from how often they have sex to their knowledge of how certain STDs
spread.
I'm going to do the break, because obviously a lot of people are sitting on the edge of
their seats right now, with the radio turned way up real loud, because they want to
hear the word, fucks, and they want to hear about other people.
All of this stuff.
22 before 11 at 5.60 WDQ, I'm the home of technical embarrassment and competence.
Amazing, just horseball performance.
Just astonishing.
And Jersey, a jolly jolly, whatever the hell is his name is.
He says, we deal with technical issues when they're brought to our attention and talk
to Joyce about it and don't bother me because he don't know nothing.
I would tend to agree with that.
God.
This is I with this new.
He's been another busy and bizarre day in the eminical Smith case.
The Florida judge says he's in no hurry to make a decision about who will claim Smith's
body, which has now been lying in the ocean front home for a week.
The medical examiner says the court is decomposed.
Who will have control of her body?
Who no part of me wants it so badly?
I was second to have it today.
Pictures obtained by TMZ.com allegedly show Smith's body.
It's in bed with the Bahamian minister who granted her citizenship.
I need you to come quickly because it's getting mally in here.
The bait among the opposing attorneys don't feed it at times.
Quarter in the ground.
Oh, and it's God's name is that dreadful smell.
Why does it smell like monkey-peasy-chot?
Not the vicious aid is a high-bacteria count.
People are advised to avoid contact with Smith's body that's already sick in hundreds of
people across the country.
Yeah, that video's too graphic for TV.
We'll give you more information as we get it.
Here, that's what that stench is.
I said that yesterday.
But of course, it lingers.
What?
You thought it was a finger, but the aroma continues to linger.
But anyway, if talking about STDs goes hand in hand so to speak, would being better protected,
then women have the safety edge over men.
An estimated 48% of women claim to always check STD status compared to a 33% of men.
Now, that's an interesting sentence because to me, it seems awfully stupid.
You check STD status.
How do you check that?
You conduct like a physical examination?
What does that mean?
You ask, well, what that means, ask about STD status as opposed to check, because then,
of course, there are a lot of people who lie.
I carry a kit around with me.
Yeah, that must be it.
Long cotton swab, little test tube, a long cotton swab.
African Americans, 44% are more elected to have the conversation in whites or in Spanish
38% and 40% respectively.
Wow.
At least 50% of the participants, as far as the younger ones, worry about contracting
herpes from oral sex.
Yet despite anxiety over herpes, which is nonfatal, about 42% don't know, or even aren't
sure the current partner's HIV status.
Herpes is not a pleasant thing, believe me.
It lingers.
It's something, it's a gift that lasts forever.
Does it?
What do you know about it?
A bigger partner?
What do you know about it?
What do I know about it?
Let's see.
32 years ago, I got oral herpes.
Oh, okay.
Planned my tongue.
I see.
And I missed like two weeks of work.
I was a J&O, my Palm Beach.
Him as two weeks of work was a nasty thing.
Not only that I have chancers on my tongue.
Ooh, now you know how her David had hair piece, but eventually he took it off.
So what does that mean?
Hair piece.
Julia Schachter, editor of the Journal of Sexually Transmitted Diseases in a Professor
of Laboratory Medicine at the University of California San Francisco, says people often
don't believe their partners are at risk, especially if a person isn't gay or using
it for being his drugs.
They say, I'm sleeping with it back from the office or someone I met at a bar and he's
cute, chakka, says, mm, always nice to share.
Wow.
Maintain the thing that would never catch something from a woman, he says.
Overall said, Schachter, it's a failure to come to grips.
It's a failure to come to grips, she said.
That's kind of interesting.
You'll play a lot of words again.
A lot of playing and a lot of words in here, mostly playing.
Research has worked surprised that age, education, income, and sexual behavior, while almost half
of those with less than a high school degree, never discussed STDs with a new partner.
This group also was nine times more likely than college graduates to have paid someone
for sex.
Oh, let's see, where's that thing about?
Oh, this is amazing.
This is a great pull.
Oh, this is good.
We got to do this one for tomorrow.
Have you ever paid someone for sex?
85% no, 15% yes.
Have you ever been paid for sex?
4% yes, 96% no.
I'm sure that means paid directly.
We're not talking about all you guys is wanting to die in an issue, and leave the game
recently.
Right.
Games that people play is practically amounts to paying for sex.
The older you are in the more money you make, the less likely you are to engage in risky
sexual behaviors is Fritz Wenselay, spokesman for Zogby.
Speak for yourself.
Most people who took the survey reported being in long-term monogamous relationships, but
far from the stereotype that monogamy means the end of bedroom bliss, sex is a big part
of their lives, over 60% reported having sex within the last day or week.
Almost two out of every three couples are having sex at least once a week, and a quarter
report having sex more than three times a week is the survey found, people with some
energy for Christ's sex.
Sex is alive and well in America, since Wenselay is a substantial number of people having
lots of sex.
Unfortunately, not with me.
In the survey nearly 25% of women and 13% of women reported having more than 25 partners
in their lifetime, women were slightly more likely than them and they had between six
and ten partners.
On the lower end, on the ass end, 34% of men and 38% of women said they had one to five
partners.
I don't ask me how many sex partners I've had in my life that would be embarrassing.
I don't know, you need a calculator.
Well, yeah, I can't count that.
Hundreds.
Oh no, hundreds.
No.
Yes.
In comparison, the National Center for Health Statistics, they division for the Centers
of the...
Well, I'm an old man for crying out loud, okay?
An old cute.
In comparison, the National Center for Health Statistics, they division for the Centers
for Disease Control and Prevention, ages 30 to 44, have had a meeting of six to eight
social partners in their lifetime.
Women have had about four.
Alcohol and drugs were the biggest risk factors for unprotected sex among both men and
women in every demographic subgroup with nearly two thirds of respondents saying they
have had unsafe sex while drinking.
Oh no, when in doubt, don't whip it out.
Asians were the one notable exception with more than 50% of them reporting they have never
have unprotected sex while under the influence of booze.
Alcohol and unprotected sex seem to spiral together, says Wensel.
Unless you use your head when making these decisions, the more trouble you're going to get
into, unless you use your head.
Just put it on before you leave the house.
Unless you use your head.
Well, I got many things I could say about that, but I've got nine or nine on the pole.
Nine or nine votes.
I hear the result of those other chart they have in here.
Before you leap, it says I always know what an old partner...
Oops!
You know, it's the only crime, James, I could find.
Oh.
Yeah, I remember that.
That sucks.
Yeah.
Corny, it's a bubble gum.
I always know whether my partner does or does not have HIV or other STD.
58% said yes.
No 25% not sure if 17%.
Now, how is that always no?
It's exactly.
It's worded.
It's worded ignorant.
You know what I always ask.
Yeah, that's not no.
Just because somebody tells you they don't...
That just means that they're hot to drop.
That's all.
Yeah, they tell you.
I always discuss HIV status-res cities with a potential partner.
39% said yes.
I never discussed with a potential partner 31%.
I discuss it only with partners I don't know well.
Strange it.
24% not sure.
Not sure 6%.
Those people need to be chopped off right now.
At the past.
Cut off at the past.
But that thing about have you ever paid someone for sex?
There's no 85% yes 15%.
You believe that?
Okay.
Why not?
You believe it.
Sure.
I mean have you ever been paid for sex for a person?
I can believe that and no 96% that part I believe.
I mean how many people are out there walking around wondering around like in your shopping
mall that you would pay for sex?
And again if the question was have you ever paid realistically then it would be 99%.
On other words counting the one day you know you ever ever bought a meal.
And remember time is money so if you ever had to pay.
Stop time is money.
You're really out of control no wonder.
Wonder the women in your life despise you.
But anyway that'd be good pull for tomorrow though.
Have you ever been paid or ever paid whatever?
You like that?
Great.
Of course there would be a whole bunch of people out there who'll hate it but I think
it's it.
Florida's governor is being slapped today with a scathing lawsuit.
This is yesterday charges that he turned a blind eye to a massive Ponzi scheme run by
Boyband and Pre-Impressario Lou Pearlman gay who was accused of swindling New Yorkers
to the two of his fifty six million dollars in New York Post's learn Lou Pearlman with
all those boy bands.
You know what they said about Lou?
You're fairy.
Governor Charlie Chris gay allegedly got illegal campaign donations from Pearlman totally
nearly 11 grand even as he was supposed to be investing in the Queen's database Florida's
attorney general according to the lawyer filing the suit.
Chris also allegedly accepted rise and Pearlman's private jet without adequately reimbursing
and then benefited from fundraisers how the Pearlman's or Pearlman's Orlando area home
without properly covering the cost of lawyer James Lowey.
Lowey whatever's name it.
Chris took office this year did not return the tainted donations even after Pearlman's
sleazy actions began making headlines in recent weeks and after long knowing that there
were serious conservative eyes investment scheme.
Lowey said a Chris spokesman had no idea comment.
He said do fairy.
When Charlie Chris takes the first dollar from Lou Pearlman he's doing something wrong
as attorney general said lowey he's ethically compromised at a minimum.
He wasn't doing his job he was trying to raise money to get another job he took 11 grand
from him and a lot of other goodies we don't know what those goodies were which of the
backstreet boys he was doing and did lay an indictment on him where his cronies maybe
was a just in stinker bell.
Steven Syran a Manhattan dentist who with his parents and brother were allegedly swindled
out of a million dollars by Pearlman described the former in st. managers as smooth operator.
Smooth operator who did that?
Shazay.
Oh no.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry I'm an ALR.
We would be taken out to dinner when he came to New York he said everything was going
great said Syran he seemed very believable very friendly wouldn't think there were any
problems.
Syran who has a separate pending lawsuit said that with his brother asked promen last year
about claims that investors were not getting paid he pooped it.
He said people were just picking on him he pooped it.
Oh no.
Well I'll report it.
Lawyer represents about 75 of the promen victims who would crisp the state of Florida
is our defendants and they thought a federal court action that charges racketeer influence
and corrupt organizations act violations.
Rico several plaintiffs our promen's cousins who like the others were allegedly lured
into investing in his company stock or making CD like deposits and exchange for over
for for to be lucrative returns.
See I thought the other the seat only CDs he was making were like by the boy bands.
But guess what?
Right.
Promen who also managed the back street boys has believed to have fled the U.S. for Germany
as authorities continue their investigation of him and $317 million in missing funds.
Oh he's in Germany.
Well knowing the eye that he's got he knows where my buddy is in Germany.
Are you pardon sure he'll do well.
I'm sure he will.
Off to the liver.
Off to liver.
You bet your bottom dollar.
So there you go.
So governor and of course one can only begin to assume.
Game I mean in my case that Charlie Christ if he was concerning with the promen birds
of a feather are like together.
You know I mean did you say gay.
Hey this is I was say that statement don't have decent.
Who the hell is that.
Hey this is toast straight guys don't do gay guys.
Hey this is Michael straight guys don't have gay sex.
This is Josh straight men don't have gay sex.
Hey this is Miguel straight men don't have gay sex.
What else we got.
Oh yeah straight guys don't have gay sex.
You finished or is there like I think there's more people driving in just to be a part of
this product.
Oh okay good just to give George some oral support.
Yeah.
And you know what George always says oh who makes you good to think the thing or feel
the difference.
I don't care whether they were straight you know I'm saying you can put the period at
the end of that part of the sense of it makes me feel good all I say is like here.
Like I have to give like a like a history like a life history about what you know it's
just about what the word straight means.
What does it mean.
It means you don't have gay sex.
I see.
Then you have earned another adjective by what I said.
Oh well we have 920 votes on the polls so make our thousand now when were those how come
I never heard any of those before where the hell did that come we've drummed them up
this morning just in response to this poll here.
I see.
And this is Tim straight men don't have gay sex.
I think there's a line outside the studio.
Oh great okay.
And of course every one of these guys is probably a hand out with Carlos at the front
desks.
A lot of solid is your brain.
Any questions.
Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room in the shower.
Maybe you play to the NBA.
You're retired and you have the need to express yourself.
Nothing says it better than a card.
New from small mark.
The Tim Hardaway collection.
Each card with a built in chip opens to play a heartfelt message.
I heard gay people.
The Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package.
Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the sender.
I let it be known.
I don't like gay people.
Say it with a card.
When you play homophobia and protest too much.
It's a cry for help and a greeting.
The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate but you just have to say it.
Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection.
I hate gay people.
From small mark.
When you care enough to make a jackass of yourself.
Well it's 11 o'clock at 5'16".
We make jackasses of ourselves every day and some of us get paid a lot of money for it.
Some of us not so much.
I know.
Never left.
What's the story on the phone thing now?
I don't know if we're getting any calls.
We're going to get any calls.
It's never too early to start the moment.
We're not getting any calls.
Wow.
That's not a really good sign.
That's about Omen to make it.
I think they know that you can't punch them up.
If you say that we're going to, then I'm sure they'll start streaming on it.
What do you think?
I feel like unloved.
I mean, 31st anniversary on air.
I can say the S today and I've been saying this for a long time.
It's not like a number that 31 wasn't a magical number last year.
But third in the year.
Oh my God.
30 years he survived on the air and so forth.
That was like a major and nothing happened.
Sugar tape parade.
Got a couple of calls.
Nothing from corporate, of course.
Nothing from down here.
But we'll see.
Maybe the stripper is going to come in.
The male stripper.
Hey, see I'm not answering the door at all.
Not letting nobody in here until after two.
In fact, they're like, I'm not going to have much time between two and three because I
have to go in my teeth clean.
And then after that, when that's all done, then I'll be ready for any, you know, I agree
with you though about the teeth cleaning though.
It is uncomfortable.
Yes.
They pick at your teeth.
Well, yeah, because you got, most of us got like 32 teeth and I got all my regular teeth
cleaning though.
It is uncomfortable.
Yes.
They pick at your teeth.
Well, yeah, because you got, most of us got like 32 teeth and I got all my regular teeth
in their real teeth.
I've got her gold crown here.
I got that hook on the gouge you and they go over each one on your, and your land there
and you're thinking, God, is this thing ever going to end?
And they're grinding and grinding and smearing and grinding so many.
So what people about the use is that ever going to end?
Yeah.
That's right.
All right, we got a lot of.
Just like the technical incompetence in QA.
Well, we do have some calls.
Well, let's punch them up and see what they want.
Okay.
Yeah, okay.
We know what that one was.
QAM, hello.
Happy Annover.
Happy Annover.
Happy Annover.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
Yes sir.
We have beyond any topics of substance today or are you guys just going to be bantering
about it?
Why, do you, are you planning to schedule for the rest of your day is in it?
Well, no, I have no lightness on the show, but your level of desperation is becoming increasingly
ponderous.
That's very cool.
Rolling on the air.
You couldn't give away your retirement fund and the wind is tough.
Oh, yeah.
Very good.
Excellent call.
Great.
Great.
Alright, I'm going to wait for your retirement fund.
Comedy.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Happy 31st, man.
Oh, thank you so much.
As by 31st day today too.
Wow, oh, let's play a little tinkle something here for everybody, okay.
If I can find it one moment.
Alright.
There you go, Pali.
Hey, man, I was going to ask George if he's going to be a stress Friday.
I got a hand in the last night at 1 free ticket pack on the radio for it.
Good for you.
I probably won't, although I'd like to.
I didn't get pre-tickets.
So if I did score free tickets, then I'd go.
That's the reason I'm going.
I probably wouldn't go if I used to have.
Okay, Palli.
Have a great life and happy whatever you're celebrating.
Okay, beer.
Yeah.
So I guess nobody out there wants my money either.
Is that what the guy was trying to tell me?
You're pulling a desperately in a level of desperation.
But the guy's still listening and that's good.
So the more desperate I get to more hill listening,
the bigger numbers we get, which means I make more money.
And now I'll have Zinnians at dollars to give away to everybody out there.
There's somebody on the street corner.
I want some money.
Here you go.
Let's give it a try.
944 votes on the pool.
While we're approaching a thousand, and we're just really desperate.
See, this is what you get.
I mean, people who are like in town, because of the fact it's the winter time up,
and the people are down there, because they dilute themselves into believing it's a place that they want to spend their harder and vacation money,
and have a wonderful time and soak up the sunshine.
And they're listening and thinking, what the hell is this?
This guy's been on town on the year and this market for 31 years.
And these are the calls that are coming in?
Yeah, that's what we got.
That's what I'm expecting and that's what I'm getting.
They never let you down.
I still got some crap.
I'm sorry?
Calls?
Yeah.
I said calls, craps.
And you're first to wait for the call.
Help me.
Somebody help me.
Little rich.
Two way in.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
About 31, man.
That was cute.
At least that was different.
But third man.
One man.
That's not bad.
These were original.
At least he worked on a little bit.
So it sounded like he was working on it.
56670560, 0560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
Why would you sound good today, you know?
You do.
To me I do.
I'm going to look on great.
I sound great today and that's because of the fact that it's a miracle we got on the year.
I mean, I was going through such machinations here between eight o'clock and nine o'clock.
And then there's four way out and downloading bits.
And then you're a tick-pocketeer.
You know, I'm going to have this if you can show me the messages about the fax machine,
which has nothing to do with getting on the year.
And all this other usual.
Oh, look at this.
A little message popped up on my computer there.
So should producers currently not connect into a server.
Surprise.
That's the first time I've had it.
They're really working on it feverishly getting those dots on there for tomorrow.
QAN, hello.
QAN.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm listening to the PANTS this game last night.
As it goes into overtime, there's no goalie.
And goalie comes on about 35 seconds to a minute later.
And says, the star mode goes along line on the way to the bathroom.
The most goes, no problem.
Spurred, but you know that.
Unbelievable.
Have a good day.
OK, thanks for the exciting news.
But that's the path there's one on the shootout last night.
And Leafs got just blown out by a make-believe Buffalo team.
It's got all her players injured.
We're just just embarrassing.
I'm giving up hockey.
I'm giving up all that stuff.
I'm giving up, you know, 948 votes on the poll.
560, 750, 560, PAN 560 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Lines.
Every line lit.
Wow, they're smoking.
I got a whole pile of stuff.
You know something I might not take anymore.
I might not read any more stuff today.
I love that guy.
We're going to have something of substance today or you guys just go with a banter today.
You know, you're trolling and they're trolling and rolling and cajoling.
QAN, hello.
5 in the opposite.
QAN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
QAN, can you congratulate you in 31 years?
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much.
And you've out left.
You've out left with a ton of people.
And you're the left man.
I think it's great.
Yeah.
The last queen standing.
OK, thanks, Valley.
What did I ever do to you?
Yeah, more on smoke.
Yeah, he's back again and then that other jury guy is back in my space this morning.
I saw he, oh, you've got me confused with somebody else and blah, blah, blah.
I'm just kissing, kissing and all that other stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
That guy, that last one.
What did I do to you?
Yeah, just a total, you're a moron, sir.
You're an idiot.
OK, so any like happy or whatever coming from you has no significance whatsoever.
In fact, coming from most of the callers, it's like, you know, farting into a wind storm.
That's how much significant it is.
Oh, OK, maybe somebody will actually be sincere.
It's hard finding anybody in South Florida who's really sincere here.
You know, maybe the sin part, but not the seer.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey, I wanted to say something funny.
We'll be the judge of that.
You want to say something funny?
Well, I have a theory for Anna Nicole's, the father.
Yeah.
We're listening.
We're listening. Go ahead.
All right.
Let's see.
OK, Anna Nicole's the son had an assistant relationship with a mother.
And then when he finds out that he's the father, he ODs, and then when she finds out that he...
You're playing with going to say something funny?
No, I said I was going to...
This is the theory.
And he's staring up, I say he was going to say something funny.
He promised that it would be true.
You promised to say something funny.
Oh.
OK, here's one for you, pal.
OK, let's go to the next one.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
That Mr. Buckley, you dummy.
What are you saying?
Mr. Burke, you dummy.
Oh, no, you gotta say something a little more.
That's Mr. Burke to you, dummy.
Come on, get with it, Jesus.
Some of you people got a personality like a dead toad stool for Christ's sake.
God almighty, how did...
You know something? It is a miracle.
Maybe I'm the only one I'll pat myself on the back.
I don't need all these other people getting me out.
I'll pat myself on the back.
31 years of this, now it hasn't always been quite like this,
but then again, it hasn't always been QAM.
You know.
I mean, once upon a time back in the day,
there were people calling, actually,
had something to say, discussing, arguing, thrashing, something.
You know, not no mode.
Those days are long gone.
It's a good thing I realized they were long gone.
And they couldn't do that no mode.
Oh, appeals hearing wraps up in the Anakin and the Coleson of the Viral Case.
Any interest?
Not by me.
Jesus, God almighty.
Look at that.
It says, only fools rush in.
The market's back up 100 points.
Anybody care about that?
A fool in his money is soon farted, man.
If you're in that stock market thing, let me tell you right now.
Don't get suckered in on that crap.
I can tell you stories.
And there is Mahmoud Ahmadinajad.
Don't you just love the way I say that?
And he's kissing that guy on both cheeks.
Oh, my God.
You're fair.
Kissing like we had.
He looked me smiling too when I got kissed on both cheeks.
And I'm not talking to one side in this face either.
Let go.
That's where he got kissed.
Ten minutes after one at 560 WQM, it's the pre-anniversary show.
It's like a little foreplay here, you know?
It's like a little pre-f**k.
Yeah, like that.
I'm gonna go check.
Three.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
One moment, please.
Check it out, that woman.
Huh?
It looks much better than...
...mocky, with a woman.
Yeah, a woman, a mouth.
Take it up, loosing.
That woman, please, and no.
Huh?
Cause she got a few, that woman, that woman.
Yeah, she gets what she wants.
Huh?
What the hell?
I don't know what that means.
I'm a high-facy, one of those five-me-lites.
Let me see how you know.
Hi, this is my green one.
So what does that mean?
You're on.
Neal's on.
No, you.
Oh, I'm on.
Yeah, it's too much of a delay.
Oh, hey.
I'm gonna get back to my email later.
Of course, there was a problem with my laptop.
I did it.
So 1116-560-QIM.
This is the Bandit Show.
This is the Pusssoak Bandit Show with blood and a little bit of scavenge.
Maybe Neal's the one that's doing this.
Couldn't scavenge it.
Do I do the show today?
No, he's not that much of a bastard.
He's only a medium bastardish.
So we can't hear him.
He can't hear us.
It's AT&T's fault.
I don't know.
Oh, here we are.
Hey, you're back.
Hey, welcome back.
It just came back on again.
It's AT&T's fault?
Yes.
Yeah, the green lights came back on for a second,
and then there were two yellow lights,
which I've never seen them light up before.
They came on simultaneously, and like nothing happened.
You had cut out like just a second during the previous segment,
a little bit of a hiccup.
So it wasn't completely unexpected.
Obviously, they're having issues.
Oh, man.
Have dots?
No, I don't have dots.
Are you a crazy person or what?
I told him not to mention that.
Yes, you have dots.
I'm your dad.
They're dancing in front of my eyes.
Well, the voice of the keeper, Elf, is dead at anyone.
In print so tiny that anyone with the Palomar telescope
you couldn't read there.
I printed that up.
I thought, is that actually printable?
Walker Edmiston, an actor who was the voice of many cartoon
and public characters, including Ernie the Keyboard Elf and TV
commercials his diary was 81.
Edmiston died a complications from cancer with his home in Woodland Hills
from where 15, his daughter, said his daughter, Erin Edmiston.
He worked till becoming her lunch anywhere.
He was born well, nobody cares about him.
He had a children's show on local TV, The Walker Edmiston Show,
which featured his own puppets, including Kingsley the Lion,
and Ravenswood the Buzzard.
Well, not a sec.
Lisa, or Tracy, whatever her name is, Tracy Facts,
and says straight men don't have gay sex.
That's one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
Testimonials right on, I wish I had my job with this fun,
is all that.
Hey, Lisa, Tracy, whatever your name is, I don't think this is my idea of fun.
That's one of the reasons.
It's one of the reasons.
And the next minute we're not in a regular part.
No, that part of it isn't fun.
Oh, the way you were doing to me, you were getting all these people.
All I am in this time of year.
Well, yeah, you were protesting too much.
Hey, this is both.
You know, straight men don't have gay sex.
Yeah, right.
But you guys sure talk about it a lot.
I'll say that.
They do, yeah, gay or not.
Straight men don't have gay sex.
All right.
That was weird.
You asked for Carlos Testimonial, there it is.
Oh, yeah.
Sounds like the voice, the queen of experience to me.
Not 179 votes on the pool.
Is this going to be going on all day?
Because I'm going to get a pillow and lay down on the floor into it.
I can lower the microphone down to floor level.
I don't know.
Wow.
Happy anniversary.
I'm 179 votes.
It's almost 12,000.
If we can stay on here long enough, I don't think it really makes a difference whether we get
to a thousand.
I think the only thing we need to get to is to a clock.
Yeah.
That's the only, it'll be a miracle if we get to it.
If it's this good today, you can only imagine what it's going to be like tomorrow.
Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender?
Yes, but I refused 450.
No one I don't care to be 277.
I hate this pool 9.1% 90.
Yes, I agree to it.
I liked it 74.
No, but I wish somebody would ask me 25.
Yes, I agreed to it, but I hated it 24.
Oh, fat.
I'm gay and I did it with a straight person 17.
I'm gay and I a straight proposition me 11.
That's the one I don't, I just sound ridiculous to me.
I'm gay and I was refused by a straight person 7.
And I'm gay but I wish I could do it with a straight person 4.
And how about just with a stranger, anybody, anything, a squirrel would be good.
The stranger the better.
After all squirrels always got, you know, like nuts.
So how do we do with that phone situation now?
That's just, we got to let me hold him, huh?
We do got calls.
Yeah.
Well, that's what you call him.
QAM, hello.
For like a better term.
Yes, hello.
Hey, uh, phone's on working tomorrow.
Happy freaking anniversary.
Well, thanks for freaking live, Pali.
Hey, um, I said I'm out of material.
Okay, thanks, all right.
Oh, and they see you.
Good idea.
Now that's a good idea.
Just in case the phones don't work at all tomorrow, you can call in today and say happy anniversary.
You old faggot, you or whatever you want to do, you know, like that.
Because there's a definite chance that they won't be working tomorrow.
I mean, there's a definite chance nothing will be working tomorrow.
That's correct.
I mean, this morning the facts ain't working.
The dots aren't there.
The red lights are on the thing here.
I can't hear anything from down there.
And it's just a clean sweep, baby.
A clean sweep.
QAM, hello.
And it's awesome.
QAM, hello.
Hey, first of all, happy anniversary, Neil.
Thanks, Pali.
Uh, and the straight man don't have data.
That's not what I'm calling for, though.
You know, I listen to that message that normal can't sense your bad old joster.
I'm no manager or radio station, but when I have technical problems, I don't call the corporate lawyer.
I call a technician to come in and fix it number one.
Yeah.
Number two, I think I find a place for your tape that's show right before your suck.
Play your tape, you'll double the rating.
No problem.
Uh, then I thought it ain't going to try and make any point because it might not work.
So I'm out here, Neil.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
What do you laugh at?
I'm so uproar, I see you.
That was a great call, boy.
He covered everything.
It was a good call.
I told you, if you go through a thousand of many, I get one.
It's really got something to say.
And that guy, he laid it out there.
Four barrels.
Every just, you know, a full steam ahead.
Nice going, Pali.
Can you go morning show with a square table and a round table and the oblong table and the horizontal table and the vertical one and the water table and all that other stuff.
And of course, it's always gay or not gay like that too.
Seems to me like those guys are just obsessed with it.
Yeah, I could be wrong about that, but just when you're not talking about, you know, whose wife put out the most last night,
it's always something about gay like that.
Maybe that's just the impression you're getting.
No.
What do you know?
You know, listen to a minute.
I don't know what's the minute of it.
That's right.
Yeah, 991 votes by the bottom of the aisle.
We got a thousand licked and I'm going to just lay back in the chair and pass out.
Don't do that.
Sonny Shindano, what the hell is that temperature out there?
It looks like a nice sunny day to me and I got that dentist cleaning.
I don't like that.
No.
Oh, it's minus one.
It's, you know, what the temperature is?
About 30 minutes.
30 Fahrenheit.
Minus one Celsius.
Hey, not too bad.
Nice sunny day, beauty.
Two nice to be in here.
I can be outside my short sleeves.
I got practice.
You got a short no head to go with them.
Yeah, maybe some my short checkered pants would be good.
And maybe like some tongs.
Worrying a thong with some tongs.
What a sight.
Oh, Grand jury investigates you for the second questionable payment to Broward Sheriff.
Oh, no.
Good.
A federal Grand jury is looking at a way second allocation of Broward Sheriff.
Can Jenny receive the, he's better known as the possible course.
We see the questionable payment from a person who does business with a sheriff's orifice
sources familiar with the investigation told us on Central.
For more than two years, Jenny's personal finances and business dealings have been noticed
scrutiny by the West Attorney's Office in Miami and the FDA.
The sources said the federal and state investigations are not focused on two allegations.
Now, Jenny or one of the secretaries received about five grand from a security executive, Louis Nadel,
and a previously reported so accusation that Jenny or one of the secretaries received a 20,000-dollar loan in 2004
from a bokeh developer, Phil Prokaci.
Prokaci and Nadel's firms both have contracts with the sheriff's orifice,
and Nadel served on the South Florida crime commission, a group that promotes crime fighting and raises money for law enforcement.
The investigators are questioning whether a 20,000-dollar loan to one of Jenny's secretaries from Prokaci,
which was then passed on to Jenny, and a payment of more than five grand from Nadel to another secretary,
where intended as gifts or loans to Jenny, the sources said.
The West Attorney's Office has been investigating Jenny under criminal statutes that deal with gratuitly payments,
honest services fraud and mail fraud the source said.
Those laws would not require proof that a gift was given to exchange for the performance of an official act.
Rather, prosecutors are focused on determining whether the payments from Prokaci and Nadel were illegal gifts
whether they undermine Jenny's performance of his public duty,
and whether his emissions of financial statements and ethics form sent by the mail,
violated criminal frauds such.
Stick his ass in jail, okay?
Serve him right.
The possum makes me sick.
That would be appropriate.
I hope they stick him to Broward County jail.
That would be nice.
995 votes on the poll.
I can't wait to do that one about have you ever been paid for sex?
That's for tomorrow, and, et cetera.
Well, you're a busy trolling there.
Now, what happened?
I guess we didn't play that the thing.
What thing?
Well, the region didn't play the bit from the last break.
No.
Well, what actually happened?
How long were you on?
There were like three minutes maybe.
Three minutes you were on before we cut the connection back?
I'm guessing.
Two or three.
Yeah, why about that?
Jesus, it's like five hours, but it's better.
We could have played a tape in there in the interim instead of that.
You know, if we'd have been ready.
Hey, cue one up, would you?
Yeah, cue up the tape.
Yeah, I'll be right back.
I said, straight guys don't have gay sex.
Like that.
That's what Niel says.
Straight guys don't have gay sex.
It's better.
And straight guys do not have gay sex.
What would you know about straight guys, Ira?
He has a wife, you know.
He's got a couple.
Yeah.
He's been on shows with a couple of my guests.
A couple of real macho guys like those macho sports guys that we have on this station who
take showers, naked together, and snap each other's ass with the towel, and put the lotion
in his basket.
Hey, whoa, straight men don't have gay men.
Yeah, we already got both.
We don't need to hear him.
We need him to somebody who would like a person now, they like a living person.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line and a singularly
bizarre day.
It started out bizarre right from the get go.
Oh, yeah, it started a little.
Huh, what?
It did start up bizarre.
Luckily it's straightened out.
So to speak.
QAM, hello.
Hola.
Good afternoon sir.
Good evening sir.
I hope you can tolerate a little sincerity because, unfortunately I was born on February
29th.
I only get a birth day every four years, but I always say that one of the greatest gifts I
got was the day you came on the air about my 16th birthday.
And, uh, you know, wow.
Thank you sir.
And you are as responsible as I would say, Alan Burke and Matt Gain for warping my person
healthy over the years.
Excellent.
And, uh, I, I, I, I, I really can't stand thinking of the day when you won't be on the air anymore.
Oh, that will never happen.
I, I hope not.
I'm saying, I'm, in fact, I'm going to have to put a microphone in my box.
Okay.
Just so I can keep talking out and for eternity.
Well, and I know you don't like doing the, uh, remote or anything like that.
No.
Believe me when people adore you and they're happy just being in your presence that, uh, you're,
you're a treasure as far as I concerned.
Thanks, Alan.
I'm going to go get a towel and wipe myself off.
And thank you for 31 years.
I have one question regarding your poll.
Yeah.
As far as safe sex and all that.
Um, if you're with a girl, but you only do it back door style, wouldn't that loosely be described gay sex anyway?
No.
Okay.
Just ask me, sir.
Happy anniversary.
You, we must have been, uh, disconnected again.
Maybe we are.
Oh, here I thought it was just being a bastard.
Or maybe he's just...
Good.
God almighty.
Well, perfect.
Break time.
On 27, 560.
All technical inadequacy or radio.
It's you.
We're back.
Or not.
What a psych out that was.
Can't believe that.
Of course we dropped it again.
He's going to get up and walk out.
This is not a happy moment.
Good.
Good.
You and I, you used to have a really good tent.
You were screwed up girl.
Oh, hey, like, I've handled it.
Hey, we're back, but I'm playing a bit, so.
I'll wait.
I'll wait until he...
Yeah.
Yeah.
And then you went and had a baby.
But you had more than one boyfriend.
I know I'm that boy.
Or are you not the biological?
We always think a lot.
You saw for shake a lot.
You would throw up a lot.
The funeral is so delayed.
You would think a lot.
It was stronger than pot.
I would just thought I'd got to get the other stage.
Why did you dress up like a clown?
Everyone wants to know why.
You wait, always wait.
Up and down.
Drives by your head as to fly.
And why are you still hanging around?
There's burning the reason why.
There's one thing that happens.
And you die.
Put a rim of ground in the ground in the ground.
Put an up in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground in the ground.
Put an up in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground.
Put a rim of ground in the ground.
The other one.
It makes the one yesterday pale in the end.
I can read it right off my boysenberry here.
Dear Joe, it's a subject Neils anniversary.
We're thankful Neils checks come on time.
But you know what they're supposed to.
That's part of a contractual agreement
that its owner employed be paid on time and out of there too late.
You're not entitled to be applauded and appreciated
for doing the things you're supposed to do.
Neils should the company have to be cajol or repeatedly asked to
remind it to do the things the company is supposed to do.
The phone is supposed to work.
The fax machines are supposed to work.
The internet is supposed to work.
The studio is supposed to remain operational all times,
not on alternating Thursdays when the moon is in impartial eclipse.
None of these are new technologies.
These are, there are reputable IT companies all over software
which can be monitoring the production services on a daily basis.
And the contract specifically provides and delineates
that Neils should be provided with state of the art technologies.
It's written in a very clear and crystal fashion.
There's a reason I put that clause in there.
We expected it to be honored, not hoped it would be honored,
expected it to be.
There's a reason Neils routinely been listed as one of the top top show host in America.
He's the consummate professional.
He demands comparable treatment.
There's a reason his ratings for your station
have been the highest of any host ever there.
Neils not being unreasonable or untoward
in publishing complaints that the facilities are not functioning adequately.
Neils is asking that his contract be honored.
He's simply asking that the services he renders professionally on a daily basis
be matched by a comparable commitment from the company he's performing for.
Someone once told us, a fair day's work for a fair day's pay,
it goes both ways.
I should not be told I need to corporate lower to get a telephone to work.
They have since Alexander Graham Bell invented that maybe QM could experiment
with some of the newer technologies that have been used
since he passed away 100 or so years ago,
side Norma, Norma Ken.
How do you like that?
I don't know what that is.
It sounds to me like it's in response to something.
I'm publishing remarks about, well, you know,
something anything I've said on here that I don't need to tell you
because how many times have we gone off already today?
About 30 minutes.
How many times have we dropped out on the streaming
which we have at least a thousand people listening online every day?
About 30 minutes.
Yesterday was 130.
Yeah.
I'm holding my breath for the next one.
Yeah.
So what's the deal with this?
I mean, how is it coming back spontaneously
or is somebody doing something there?
It's cutting off spontaneously.
Are we doing anything for it to come back?
Chris knows.
Apparently, the thought is that
AT&T is testing the lines.
And so they're the ones that keep dropping it
and letting it reconnect.
Great.
They're testing the lines.
Well, they're the devil, first of all.
Yeah.
And so they test lines.
You know, like when Bob DeMood comes into the building
and decides to unplug everything just to run a test
and, you know, cut us off in the middle of a spot break
and think about it.
They do the same thing, but on a citywide scale.
And who the hell are you to be complaining about it?
And what the hell was that email I had just read?
What was that all about?
What was that in reference to?
What was it in response to?
There's obviously a lot of stuff going on behind my back
and around and behind my ass.
And I haven't got any idea what the hell it's all about.
I'm not involved in any discussions with Jersey Joe
or anybody else over there.
The fact is that it's a technical disaster.
It's an embarrassment, Joe.
I have to like make a bulletin out of that for you.
Jesus Christ, we're trying to stay the hell on the year today.
That's the major miracle.
No dots, no dots on the internet thing up there on the phone.
Maybe punch up.
You got any calls now or not?
Probably not.
What?
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I want to just talk to Neil, please.
Speaking.
Oh, listen, did you hear anybody call in about the compliment
to how it's been gave you this morning?
I had a fax about it.
Tell me what he has said.
Well, I was listening to the show and he's going over the top 100
most influential people on the radio.
Right.
And he's reading all these obscure and names I've never heard of,
people never heard of.
And as you get down the list, it goes Neil Rogers, number 69,
he goes, he's way better than most of these guys.
And then he carried on, but he was just a nice thing to say.
So he shows that he's listening to you and knows who you are and knows you show.
Yeah, he invited me to be on serious once a part of time.
And Norma can't screw that all up too.
But he's busy writing the hospital letters with Joe Bell
about how incompetent this place is.
And so his mom can't, he's not your lawyer anymore, is he?
Yeah.
And you're crazy.
Anyway, listen, I got a wrong bet.
You got a nice compliment.
Okay, thanks.
Bye.
He's right.
I'm crazy.
But we all know that.
We know that I'm crazy.
That's a given.
That goes without saying.
Look where I am.
So evidently, Joe and Norma have got some kind of a tinkling contest going on.
And I don't even, I'm not even getting the wash out to spray out from it.
And nothing.
No.
It's one thing to tinkle on somebody's leg, but it's nothing not to get the feedback.
You know, 1020 votes on the pool.
So we got our thousand.
Let's air it.
All right.
What more could we want on the day before a stable connection?
Yeah, we got a stable connection.
Can't you smell it?
That's the horse myth.
Yeah, I smell something.
It's fume.
Much worse than it was on Monday by the way.
Oh, I'm sure of that.
They're probably trying to, you know, they're probably trying to gance you guys out to collapse.
And of course, they're probably going to be right now.
Or this stuff.
So I can't stay on the ear.
Other than that, I don't want to sound like maybe they're trying to prove that I can't make it till March the first.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Well, they're not piping fumes into your apartment there.
Not yet.
That's true.
And of course, the male stripper hasn't showed up yet either.
Do you hear the hammering?
It's like right above my head.
Yeah, I can hear it now.
I can hear it on the air.
If I had a hammer, come on, let's hear it.
Oh, boy.
Let me just see if there's something I'm going on my hotmail here.
And see if there's something from Norma related to this.
There we go.
Peter Paul and Aaron.
Even already music.
Okay, we're hearing more of that.
Okay, dear Joe, but it doesn't have the previous communication.
Oh, here it is.
Oh, no, this is just in regard.
The original message is the one I read yesterday.
We addressed.
And what else just happened to my clock on my digital cabler and my TV set?
Uh-oh.
Oh, the cables out up there in Canadian.
Wow.
I don't want to say that there's something that's going to be.
Anyway, the original one we addressed technical problems every time we were made aware of them.
I said you're related to Joyce and she will follow up.
Talk to you soon.
Joe Bell, VP of Yadia.
That's what the response was.
Neil is not being unreasonable or run toward and publishing complaints that the facilities are not functioning adequately.
He's asking that is, I'm not asking anything.
I'm asking for a place that works.
That's what I'm asking for.
You bozos, you goofballs.
Let's see, oh, the way to the store.
I'm just rebooting my cable here.
That would be bad.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it?
I don't know why because you're all about it.
It fits right in.
Yeah, we'll fit right in with the ambiance of the entire day.
It just hasn't been one of those really great days, you know.
Right from the very beginning when I walked in here.
Now, what the hell time is it anyway?
Oh, it's 20 till noon at QAM.
Like, guys.
After a long day on the golf course, dress daily in colors so bright it would embarrass us circus clown.
You need to reaffirming your manhood with a good slice.
Something improves your game board that tights, bleep, shiny balls.
Yes, so, this tiny little machine washing your balls, spikenspaired.
And it's swollen up to carry around the new checkered pants.
And it gives you balls a licking metal-improved-your-shrink.
The emalgamated golf ball washer.
That should my name when you buy one.
Get it for the regular price.
Okay, 16 till noon at 5.60 W.K.M.
We're still on the air.
Wow.
One segment in a row.
That's right.
And 1,035 votes on the pool.
We're really doing it.
And I've told you, the resident crazy radio sensor is having evidently pretty bored these days.
You know, that one of what I'm talking about.
Yes, I do.
Remember, we had Ethan on there for a day or two.
And now we've got Christopher on there also with almost naked pictures.
And, you know, I'm going to be keeping some people off the streets.
5,6705,60, 0.560 on the Verizon singular wireless lines.
They're home of technical lunacy.
Okay.
Even Mark Coney would be embarrassed by this.
By the way, now we have the fumes and carbon monoxide.
All right.
So tar and water.
And water.
See, if at first they don't succeed, they've got to like put the one, two punched together to try and knock you guys out.
They're really taking it up several notches now.
Notches, notches?
Yeah, we have to.
I don't know.
The door open over here.
I can't even launch either because I could.
I could eat some lunch like a two o'clock before I went to the dentist, but that's not good.
You should not do it.
Because even if you brush your teeth and floss, you know, you're still, oh, it's like gross.
I know, I don't make them take longer than they need to if you have a...
Oh, I don't want to do that.
I feel like canceling the whole damn thing now.
I feel like going off to the balcony right now, I'm putting one leg over and...
And taking like a big lead for my 31st anniversary sounds good.
Yeah, right.
What?
Cut the crap, would you?
It's been that kind of day all the way around.
It's just not a very...
I don't know.
It's the only thing about being on here in South Florida.
I don't ever expect too much because then you won't be disappointed.
Yeah.
Because you're not going to get much.
So that was really quite a fly opener that that normal, kind of, email was jolly jovelle.
We got all this external comedy coming into us today.
We didn't have that.
Now keep the factors in the external comedy coming in because in that much else we can do.
I mean, I got a pile of stuff here I could sit here and...
Stop, stop, stop, I don't want to do that.
I want to take a whole bunch of neat calls today and tomorrow, especially tomorrow.
And you're threatening me that they're actually going to have the dots back
and get the internet phone connection that was holding on.
I was holding that the Earth link, the Mindspring, whoever it is, is going to be coming in there.
Technician is going to be coming into the building to straighten that problem out.
I see.
Now what is this seven weeks from...
So this is going to happen.
It is almost a Purim.
Maybe I'll bring some homotides in there with them.
And you can all sit around and have a little Purim celebration.
Maybe if you could, you could spend the dreidel even though that's the wrong holiday.
It's never too late to spend the dreidel or have some chicken soup for the couple of canadels.
I'll tell you that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Anything going on with the phone because I have no way of knowing.
Yeah, we're about it.
50%.
Oh, I ain't too bad.
QAM, hello.
Certainly, sir.
Like I said, you're about 40%.
QAM, hello.
Okay, well you're about 30%.
About 30.
About 30, man.
WQAM, hello.
Okay, down to like 20%.
Like 10%.
One more.
Okay, and like I said, you're down to 0%.
Well, I'm just going to lay down on the floor.
I'm just going to pass out.
We're going to pass out.
So why not?
That's all three.
Yeah.
You've got to carve them on our side as you're excused.
Oh, I know.
It's not exact.
You're not going to stress.
It's got a pounding heading from it.
Sounds like a bad work environment to me.
Of course, what is this from?
Is this from the roof work that they're doing?
Yeah, there's a recording tariff there.
Although I don't know what carbon monoxide has to do with it.
It smells like like an auto exhaust.
Maybe they're running a truck up under roof.
Every Sunday.
They'll play in chains.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
We have more calls loaded up now.
Well, there you go.
Now that we actually have been on the air for like six minutes straight,
well, they expect these people.
What's the delay catches up?
Let's punch one off and see what the hell good it is.
You can watch for six minutes.
I am.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Ah!
Okay.
Now you're down to 40%.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Happy anniversary today.
Thanks so much.
Been listening to you since 1978.
Wow.
Actually, I even got lucky on your dating and mating show one night.
Yeah, oh, one night.
That's not maybe got married or something.
No, no, no, no.
Lucky one night was nothing wrong with that.
No, I had a one night's band, you know, after I met somebody.
It was, it was right.
Anyway, I've been noticing over the last few months,
you've been playing some music, you know, like actually full-length songs,
which is good.
What, what?
Well, I was wondering if you could play Blue Swade Choose by Carl Perkins.
Well, what do you have in playing full-length songs?
What are you talking about?
Well, you've been playing, you know, like just a little...
...just one father money, two father.
Sure.
Yeah.
You should play the whole song.
It's great.
Why do we want to play the whole song?
It'll kill some good time.
It's a good song.
You want to do that.
It's not first of all very short songs.
How long is that, George?
About two and a half minutes?
Yeah.
Two, thirteen.
Two, thirteen, two, thirteen, two, three, four.
Hey, listen, have a great day, pal.
You know what we're doing.
Thanks a lot.
Okay. Thanks a lot for what?
I'm not going to play...
What is he talking about?
I'm going to play full songs like what?
Huh?
I don't know what he's talking about.
What do this man be talking about?
People make stuff up.
He's been listening for twenty-nine years.
It's obviously had a detrimental effect on his mind.
There's no question about that.
Anybody who says that this show doesn't write your brain
is living proof of it.
There you go.
Okay, we'll tie that one up.
Sometime it rocks your brain.
This show does write your brain.
How about a little...
...money or loney action?
I don't think we can save that on the other side.
I gotta go name, phone and roll.
Oh, right.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Yeah, all of a sudden, I were playing requests.
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow.
We'll play a full song of music.
Okay, maybe Norma Kenson and me and other.
I said, no, this is just something I don't care.
TomPing.com.
I hate that.
I hate when that thing buzzes and it's something I don't...
Don't have any interest in it at all.
But we do have a thousand and forty-seven votes on the pool.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty.
What...
No, you wouldn't think it.
Why don't I ask you these stupid questions?
I mean, I know better.
I don't think.
During these very important days today and tomorrow,
I don't know why today is so important.
And then tomorrow Friday is important because we get off at 1250.
At Marlon's baseball, baby, we got the exhibitionist schedule starting.
Marlon's in the Orioles in Fort Lauderdale, 1250 pregame on Friday.
Yeah, exactly.
How come it isn't Friday today?
I wish.
How come we can't have that Keen's basketball game
like about 1153 would be good.
Anything on that phone?
Yeah.
Yeah.
QA-L.
Yeah, let's talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, I wonder if you were a George Cuthat program on cable.
I think it was on the EI channel regarding that call.
By the way, my cable is back.
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
It was called the Curse of the Lottery?
No.
Oh, man.
So if you get a chance to catch that,
that's not going to be able to fly away.
Okay.
Thanks.
That's all he has.
Not a happy anniversary meal.
Not thanks for all the years of a free entertainment.
Well, he wasn't thinking.
Not a little pat on the head and saying thanks for being a wonderful old fag.
Nothing like that.
560-560, I'm there, the cable's back.
I'm watching these goofballs on CNN.
I don't know why I'm watching it.
I don't know.
I should probably be watching the Leafs get pounded by the savers again.
That's probably on cleavage television over here.
No hockey on air.
Well, it's at least TV.
Now, like I said, Leafs are on, so there's no hockey on air.
It's going to attack.
Say, five or enough.
Oh, Columbus in Colorado.
What is it again?
Nobody would want to watch?
560-560, pound 560.
I don't feel this is like an out-of-body experience this entire day today.
Yeah.
It just started badly and it's gone downhill from there.
Got any calls?
Yeah, here's what.
QAM, hello.
I got nothing to tell you.
All right.
Here's another.
At least he was honest anyway.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Can I get a US lesson for a business in a go-in?
You have to, you have to until good so far.
Yeah, go ahead.
Okay, sorry.
You're the term, does that, I don't know, pronunciation, hum and dread.
It cracks me up just to hear you say it.
What does it mean?
It means that they should go to hell is what it means.
Oh, okay.
And one of the things you always mention the guy with the eyes is he like,
bug eyes, cock eyes, cross-eyed eyes.
Yes.
All of these things, right?
All right, sir.
Good day to the cock-up party.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
He'll see you on the greasy eye.
Oh, man.
He's David Kancelty, I don't say that.
Remember, but he gave a size, he's got David Kancelty eyes,
early size for David Kancelty.
Which, you know, isn't all that bad except for the fact that he's in the closet.
Hey, come on out, Ken, where we are.
You and all your boyfriends in the closet, that whole group, you know,
guys with the yellow teeth, the green teeth.
It's official.
We can't inhale.
If I take a breath, I'm passing out.
So what are we going to do about that?
I don't know.
I'm going to get the doors open.
The doors open, Ken.
It doesn't matter because the fumes are all on the floor here.
They just have to be strongest right here.
I mean, the fumes are on the floor.
I mean, the help is on the floor.
How is this only in our studio?
It's strongest in our studio, as you know, the vent for some reason
hits here first, but it's already like out in the hall.
Everybody can smell it, so it's not like we can escape it.
Yeah, so just warding it.
I don't think I'm going to officially make it to the 31st anniversary tomorrow.
Maybe not.
I'm not talking about it because of fumes.
I don't have any fumes here, but just maybe my own, you know.
But just the overall ambiance of this day, I might just take a few weeks off.
I don't know.
Well, we got a lot of tapes.
Yeah, we had a lot of tapes.
Thousands and 52 votes on the pool of your ever-win proposition by someone of the same gender.
Yes, but I refused.
I kept my honor just like the godfather there.
What's the bonus of his daughter?
He kept her honor.
Yes, but I refused 476.
No one I don't care to be proposition 305.
I hate this pool 97.9.2%.
I don't see anything wrong with this pool even slightly.
What could possibly be wrong?
Oh, yeah.
I'm just a poll.
Yeah, I get to be feeling out there.
Consider it.
Yeah, that's true.
Yes, I agreed to it and I liked it 79.
Yes, I agreed to it, but I hated it.
It's got about third, man.
No, but I wish someone would ask me 25.
I'm gay and I did it with a straight person 17.
I'm gay and a straight proposition, me 12.
I've had dreams like that.
I'm gay and I was refused by a straight 7.
And I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight 4.
And hubbomb and varied has got no money out of 10 out of 10, 52.
Go ahead and speak in English.
That's our thing here on QIM.
Should start a class.
Yeah, let's have you discuss on here.
In fact, let's start doing segments like they do in the morning show.
We can't numbers like theirs.
The Yiddish word of the day is because they're small and we are much more easy to manage, you know.
Those ones in the twos, one in the middle of the night.
Those ones were numbers.
I mean, that's what Howard would do.
I'm surprised you didn't notice.
What's that?
Everything was a segment, something, you know, they had with a name.
He did?
That's what I thought.
Are you not gonna like the buddy Howard Stern?
I was saying nice things about me.
Oh, no, not him.
Those think of the other Howard.
Oh, no Howard, David.
David, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, yeah.
Right.
The only segment he ever did was the one between the parts of the hair piece.
He had that in segments.
And of course, segments of pizza.
Four minutes to load.
To me, it doesn't feel like we've been here more than one, 40, 50 hours.
That's you, Ler.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-the-one hour or whatever it is.
On the next morning, Anna Nicole's Smith fight month old daughter.
Who's the fodder when I opened this envelope?
Anything to happen.
So today we have given two different men.
DNA tests.
Hank?
Yeah.
What do you think?
I sell propane and propane accessories.
Doesn't matter.
You want to be the father?
No.
That's not really true at all, in fact.
Bobby?
Hey!
You want to be the father?
Yeah.
Something like that can follow you the rest of your life.
You're missing the point.
You're gonna find out right now.
Hank?
Bobby?
You are not the father.
Oh, so...
Oh, I feel...
I have an IOD.
Oh, Neil God.
Oh, yeah, Neil God.
They're powers that have been held.
President, they man.
I'm the most powerful god damn.
What the hell I trust?
Oh, yeah, Neil God.
They're powers that have been held.
President, they man.
I'm the most powerful god damn.
What?
So will the correction for this is made out of people
A lot of people
Thanks for never
Get that taste and smell
While 86% of newborns are poisoned as cut-ear are synthesized
The procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia
No thanks
I have no pre-pure
I'm glad I am
Oh, I still got me, oh God
Oh, I still got me
Oh, I still got me
Oh, I still got me
Oh, I still got me, oh God
Oh, I still got me, oh God
I still got me, oh God
I will not take a night's blockbuster
Any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior
Okay, 29 years of my life
I've labored over a hot steamy microphone
Trying to entertain that puss
And he calls into request
Carl Perkins and Freakin' Blues-Wade Shoes
Oh, I do like that song
Yeah, it's good
1100 votes on the poll, let's hear it
Oh!
One for the money
Yeah, there we go
Well, that's just put that into the sleep until 2 o'clock
Two for the show
Right, three to get ready
Three to get ready, and I go
Go, cat, go
I don't care
Step on my blues, raise you
Oh, right
No matter they get over it
How dare you steal this hell that shame on you
Of course they're both dead
So here's okay, it's enough of that
5-6705-60, pound 5-6
I mean, is there anything?
Hello, hello, hello
Oh!
Let's recap for anybody who just maybe joined us
Okay, let's re-crap it for the audience
How many adventures that we had today?
Oh, my God, started out with a facts machine
I'm trying to thank you a message that I can't hear anything
and our connection is down and the fact machine doesn't work and then of course the dots on the internet thing up here
don't work and then of course we couldn't communicate with each other which the AT&T things dropped out about 85 times already this morning
It took an hour and a half to get that going at 945 just before the show and now the internet is down and we're not all we're back up
Let's hear it like I said
Things are looking up
Hey, what are you laughing about you got to look on the look on the bright side like the Eric Gidal says that's right
He's gagging and puking and choking and then I left that I didn't get to that part yet
Either about the toxic fumes coming through the vents of the studio that are for the third day in a row
I didn't know they use zygon 8 on roofs
They must think that some of the Jews are in those rooms. I don't know about growing in there now. That's bad
Love it all one on the pool and we got we're streaming again
We only according to this only had four drop-outs. Of course. What I'm lasted about an hour
But you're just anybody after what are you supposed to get a pre tattoo before they gas you?
Yeah, the guy from the tattoo shop will be ready
Punch up a line if you still have the energy. What's gonna happen if you pass out and can't punch up the line?
Chris will take over until he passes out. Oh, Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Mr. Colton. Congratulations. 31 f in years. I can't believe it me either
I can't even believe you can't say feedback anymore because that's when I started listening to you
But you can't even say T-bag myself. I know listen to me. You were number 69 in that poll
But you know who was in the 40 miss Randy Rhodes
Yeah
One request. You know, can you play that's me going depressed?
Can I play why God can you play the small team Godfather wedding song for me please? Oh, yeah, please thank you
You'll have a no problem see it see now. I don't mind playing that because it's not really a song
It's a it goes with the ambiance of the show. Where is it you got it? You got it?
You minute
Yeah play a little carl purpose while I'm doing this up
I'm gonna cue it up like Clint Eastwood didn't play Misty for me, not just stick to needle on the record and hope that it's
pushes on the right place where's they saying France?
Okay, I got it. Here we go
Talk time talk time for South Florida, baby
It's a little small tearing while you're at
That's
That was your turn
Actually just trailing from this yeah, I know
Even the people don't know what it means are trailing from it. That's how I'm selling
You'll ride your dad
This is I would for some hot prince has Britney Spears and for the rehab facility Wednesday
But then check yourself out one day later for less than model behavior lately has raised a lot of eyebrows
Video taken early Sunday morning in New York shows Britney Spears getting out of her limo and a puddle of what appears to be
Vomit is visible in the back seats for driver covers her with vomit as she rushes by the camera
Newspaper reports they Britney was partying at Manhattan's club 10 June
Drinking tequila from a bottle and just roving so she could vomit and now video of her vomit shows Britney in a less than flattering life
I can't imagine what that could be 12 30 is that all it is hauling Molly Ratman
You've got to be inking my toenails man. This is only feels like 5 30 feel like 5 30 in a morning
Like a 800 hour marathon, but hey, we just continue on moving right along
I just got through reading more that normal kin thing and the some of the stuff that preceded it with Jersey jolly joe bill and about fart noises
This and but a beat but a boot put about and about all these brilliant ideas about the calls
It's just amazing to me the expertise that these people have about talk radio, you know? Yeah, they really know it inside and out
You would never know because they can't get the technical aspect of it right to save their lives, but other than that
They're on top of it 5 6 7 0 5 60
Let's get some of these really entertaining calls smoking here today and of course tomorrow four hours of it
I'll be calling in sick. I think tomorrow. Yeah, we went to celebrate me too and pound five when you'll be
Today pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line anything happening on the phone any actors anything. Hello
Hello, yes
Yes, I'm first congrats on your anniversary
Thank you your number one dammit and everybody knows it
Sometime ago the other so-called sports station a listener asked the host
Why it's ratings were so low because he and all his friends listen to him and he said I forget his name
He says well. We're new. We're just starting out and then he said he paused and he said
Tell I'm going against me. Oh the million town gorilla
There you go. How can you were listening to that other station now? Well
Sometimes I
Listen to you because the healer you help the pain in my back all the way I see and
Sometimes some people aren't so funny and so I turn the dial. You know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean me to
Don't ever die and don't ever retire. Okay. I'm not gonna be terrible or dying that or a thanks. We'd art
Bye-bye. I've never got a dime. I'm gonna stay alive forever. That's right
Just so I can keep nudging people you know, that's my whole role in life keep nudging people
I think that's my mom's goal in life
120 votes on a pool. I had a lot of a lot of good lessons for my mother, you know
Yes a lot of nagging you know all the nagging all the time. So I'm gonna like do the same thing to everybody
Put on your gulages now before you leave the house
Every line is smoking well that's that's a good word because we've been on here for more than three segments in row
Spontaneous to new record and we're streaming to now. We're streaming and screaming Q. I. M. Hello
Hey, oh, yes sir
Happy anniversary. Thank you, sir
Since K. D. and the only time I call you's long I try to piss you off so for one can tankers old bastard is the other happy anniversary
Okay, thanks pali
See you
Well, there you go. He's can tankers just like me. What's wrong with that five six seven oh five sixty and you mentioned
At the lines that are working of course line one hasn't worked in about 150 years and
When we find technical problems here at Q. And we address them. We hop right on top of them
That's what jolly Joe Berkshire because that's he's out of touch
He is so out of the loop that he's probably doing fruit loops back there in his orifice. He just hasn't got a clue
Good intentions, but you know what they say about that no go to hell on a hand
What are they say?
A Tisca to task it what's that in your basket and
Palm five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line Q. I. M. Hello
Right
Boy tell me when that thing dies. Oh, they'll be a party smelling. He'll be right hello
Hello
Q. I. M.
That's it. I know what he there. Oh, well try another one will be real Q. I. M. Hello
Neil yes
I thought that lady now she made a little
Norge there
She what she made a little jack towards George
What does that mean?
What the lady which he was this? Oh, she was talking about George wasn't so funny
I don't think that's what it was. She's talking about maybe some of the other
Talks like George okay George is sucking all that
Carbon monoxide and you're picking on him
Please that was that it he was too stupid to realize what the call was yes, well, I was excellent Q. I. M. Hello
Hey, Neil yeah
The credits from agnolias is started okay great joy. Wow. Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M. Mortem line yes sir. Hey, Neil
I'm not gonna get your butt about your anniversary because you know you the man. Yeah, but secondly you guys still got that their
That voice shredder
Yeah, yes, we do right here. I bet if you guys broke out that voice shredder and then you guys took a poll
Film of what you doing date we get the real accurate information
You know I'm saying no
Information about what well with the poll I mean the great guys versus the gay guys and all that so then
The short horse is the gay guys the battle of the
What is that the straight guys versus the gay sound like a WWE thing? Yeah, right?
No, but maybe some of George's call horses could call in and really you know kind of speak the truth
So I know that the whole horse you pick it on a whole he was gonna get rid of this guy just an anti-oot
Semantic guy
Some of George's cohorts picking on the list
1125 on a pool and
1236 in your heart 5 6 7 0 5 60 seriously. I just I'm gonna loss
But you're telling me you're promised you're threatening me then before the day is out that these dots are gonna come back
And I'm gonna be able to be able to listen chicken neck and straight man don't have gay sex. You know
I didn't promise any such thing
Now you didn't you said that they said the guy was coming in yeah to work on it to look around kind of like Cecil Collins was doing in that
Chicks when I come in the chicks window he was just going in there to take a look you know just looking around
See if he could go down maybe a little squeeze little ground and just depending on how dark brown or whatever
I don't know how's broad brown doing by doing what who's fun? Brown doing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the
Right, you know, and it's really something about the far thing and the kind of stuff. I don't know
You know, I'm just gonna restrain myself. People wouldn't believe it. They don't believe it. You tell them the truth and they don't believe it
Yeah, the conversations we have right horse of our business. He's worried about stuff that's happening on this show
I'm gonna tell you it's that the morning show is like three hours of can't we possibly
How long is it gonna take before we lose the remnants of whatever's left over in the license, you know?
So I like like an endurance contest. How long can we keep this thing on here until they finally come in here?
They're shut the door, you know shut the transmitter off
But nevertheless
1100 and 20 it's always very or entertaining to find out if Kenny's a wife put out tonight before I love here tonight
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and I'm sure she does too. I'd be right and singing a sentence or we have wireless line
I beg your pardon 50% every other night, you know, what I don't really know and I don't care. Okay
1120 get on a pull if you've ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender
Yes, but I refuse 516 almost half 40 about 45%
Have been propositioned by someone of the of same gender now. Of course. I'm assuming that some of that might be just imaginary
You know, remember that song imaginary. Have you ever met any gay guys?
No, they don't they don't mince words
They don't have the word one do mince. I hate to break the news to you the
Oppositions that that I've encountered it wasn't there wasn't anything confused
It was pretty good. Is what you're trying to be over?
I know no two ways about it. Oh, how about a one-way?
No one I don't care to be 335. I hate this pull 9.2% 104
Yes, I agree to it and I liked it 81. Yeah, that's the interesting thing
Because yes, I agree to it and liked it 81 and yes, I agree to it and hated it 31
So that's fairly interesting to say which I would say to ferry right yeah
No, but I wish somebody would ask me 30. I'm gay and I did it with a straight person 17
A straight proposition me 13. I beg your pardon. Hey, this is Angie straight men do not have gay sex
I'm gay and I was refused by a straight seven and I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight person four
I'm gonna keep waiting for four on the floor is now without you know
I have my three-some with super girl and batwoman for on the floor. Yes, I
See
Four on the floor wonder wonder why I hope I get to pick the other three
Are you a former astronaut and feeling depressed irritable the rational and vengeful?
Are you having difficulty adjusting from the highs of orbit to the lows of everyday life?
Then you may be suffering from PISSD
Host initials face shuttle event disorder
The warning signs of PISSD include wearing disguises rubber hose and plastic bag collecting a sudden
Farnness for knives and pepper spray and the desire to take long car rides simmering in your own
Expiratory fluids if you suffer from any or all of these symptoms
You're not alone literally ones of former astronauts suffer from PISSD
Post initials face shuttle event disorder, but there is home at the Lisa no Exeter for the Batcrap insane
Call or visit to get the help you need because no one wants to see you go through life being PISSD
Except for the 24 hour new networks. Hey, this is the radio station for the Batcrap insane and here's proof of it
Now who just sent me the copy of this memo to the QM staff from Josh Darrell and Joe Bell
me oh
Ray super bowl
I look at that's got the initial on air. Florence's initial and in joebell the scribbles on air
We want we just want the entire staff to know how proud we are of this station for its performance during super bowl week
Everybody contributed from our hosts to producers reporters on the field tape ops update anchors
freelance producers promotions the whole staff every single person busted there but to make sure we had phenomenal program during the super bowl
Well seem to me the super bowl was long time ago. I was in Berlin watching it through three and a more
Little on the game didn't notice until now
Did no interviewee goal every objective with 100% achievement
It was a great week and we just wanted everyone to know how thankful and appreciative we are for everybody's hard work
commitment to our overwhelming success. Yeah, this is dated February the five like 23 days ago
Mm-hmm. You just found this or what always wandering around in the halls trying to find a place to breathe
And and I didn't oh, but you did I found that yeah, you did find the memo
Well, that's most amusing and of course what is this you'll have to do with sports
I think it's time for us to step aside, you know, oh I found no too
Is here more having a David
Oh
Game and don't have straight sex no no straight sex ain't that right Carlos
Wow no mo
little 47 on that pool
I just you know the fact that it's coming up to one o'clock. It just it's staggering
I also it is in fact I wish I should have had to rock him over here
It's not that far to my dentist. He could have come over here with all the equipment and drilled on the drilling
What I mean not that the scraping in the picking whatever that is you have the picking and the scraping and the bleeding and out
Now let me ask you something when's the last time you had your teeth cleaned
I guess last year try to do okay now when you have your teeth cleaned your gums bleed
sometimes
Well, what what have an answer is that?
Sometimes yes or sometimes you know your gums clean. They don't bleed at all
Sometimes wow I never had that really depends on the person scraping the oh
Whatever that is I don't know what it's just a growth yeah
Now he's looking almost human. I still can't stand him. No, I wouldn't watch movie
Although he's in it that whole green thing you know and he's a real activist now. Are you impressed? No
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and leave a rising singular wireless line. Oh look at this you won't believe this if you live to be a million
Holy moly rat man. It's a miracle. You got dots?
Oh
And then it's got that was strange. It's simple. I have ever seen in my life. We we can deal with that. Oh, we can yeah
Well, first of all, what does it hang up on it stop doing that you're hanging up on everybody. Okay. Do do this do
Do I'm doing it?
Click or do this on the air. Yes. Go ahead click on
Options like configuration
Okay, and click on a dd1 or something
Or dd2 whatever you check dd1. Well, click dd2 then
Okay, and now press one of the go. Okay, let's see what happens
I'm pressed it and nothing happened
Line two oh and outside there's the delay there hit it again
Hi, how you doing good happy?
Thank you. We got our phone back. Oh a miracle
Back to
I spoke a few a week or so ago and recommended the capital girl to you and I missed your show on Monday
And I was wondering if you may have made it. Thank you very much. You know my friend and I met there
We had a great time to meet what's sensationally treated this rate and a super time was head by all
People were very nice looking in there. Were they not
Well, if you count me, I guess
Well, that's because it's by the Galleria man the people in the Galleria. I can't believe it
It's like the living and breathing people are browered. I knew there must be some of them and the other time Galleria
Two years probably since you've been in there. So
I'm glad you made it in there and Neil let's help for 30 more
Yeah, let's hope for 30 more minutes. Thanks a lot sweetheart. Thanks. Thanks for the capital girl
It was a sensational time
1153 at 560 WQ I am 567. This is just just all of a sudden out of nowhere
Can't the dots in the flashing lights like a miracle. Oh, I think it's an act of God if you asked me
Wow aren't you excited? Oh, yeah, well, you're not too excited because you can really breathe early
I'm the floor down by your toenail, but never less
560 560 560 come on now that the phone is working we should get this thing smoking now
Would you think time to start smoking yeah? It's always that time for you Q.A.M. Hello
George, I got news body. I called dib
Don't you wait. Hello
Neil yes
Driving up 95 there's uh show rose and leather tarred
Big billboard on the side of the road. It's gonna burn about the bird crap and there's good to that way
The birds are fake and the bird crap is painted on yeah, and what about it?
Oh, just saying it look cool. I guess they gave their honest opinion up. That's it. Okay. Well, thanks so much, you know that great
Ah, yeah, that must be Joe Kea Fimbru's boyfriend calling him
Won't help Joe you're still gonna have like oh firstly now that the the dolphin had another losing season
And there's nothing on her rise and no playoffs and all the other hazard riots. They're gonna be the same old stuff man
But they keep talking and talking and walking you know walking to the edge of the plank and whatever they're doing
WQ.A.M. Hello
WQ.A.M. Hello
Good afternoon and congratulations. Thank you. I grew up listening to you. Wow
Okay, so I've been listening to you. How long were you when you started listening to this
23 24 years old I see when I started listening to you. Yeah, and uh you were most interesting
Back then
That I mean you kept the
Honour toes during the the pack of the
Burning of Liberty City and all that kind of stuff and yeah, I think you were working at night at that time also
Yes, I was and I can watch it from my apartment
Going in the sky in the background. I don't know if you're aware of it, but you were mentioned by
I was certain yes, we are aware of it
Okay, that you were saying that they was it's stuff that they had you
Mark so low that you had more influence that I've I used to be in the top 15
I was number 15 on that list for a couple of years and I dropped it on the 69 because they figured it was you know
That's you know great. Great that you're back in town
Uh, what did what do you mean by that what do you mean I'm back in town because
Didn't you say you were back in 4 long ago?
I was there for a weekend. Yeah
Of course you think I'm gonna stay there more longer than a weekend
I thought you'd be how you wouldn't want to go back up there with that storm at the time
You wait for the storm to die down there wasn't any storm here. Oh, you didn't get none of that stuff up
No, we don't get no storms here. We're protected by the Lord
Well, I was up there last year Toronto's a great city, so I can see why you're up there and not down here. Amen
Well, I have a great good luck and let's continue. I'm going long time no fear. Thanks, bro. Bye. Well, there's a good guy, huh
Never feel afraid train let 158 votes
I think we got a real good shot at 1200 today pretty easy. We'll slide on into that
We'll slow it into it. Mm-hmm and
And pound five sixty on the horizon symbol. This is really something getting these of the goodness thing back on over here
I'm I keep forgetting to look at it, you know, don't forget. Oh, don't forget to look at it and the phone to Q.A.M. Hello
I'll go real. Yes, sir
Congratulations, Felicia. This is radius man. Hey radius. Oh, we haven't talked to you in about 400 years. I can't believe it
Well, let me tell you I'm one of those I'm 44 years old. I'm one of those that's been listening to you my goodness
Before your day that day when I guess I'm when I was 19
21 years old
What if your makes me feel like an old fart? I say that of course I am an old fart, but
And Neil honestly, I have not missed many of your shows man. I'm uh, I could say one of those
loyal listeners of yours and thanks a lot and uh, hope you know you stay for a while longer, man
At least know the rower. Thanks a lot radius. Very nice. Good to hear from you. How do you like that? That is a real shocker
And you know something this thing
Let me just try the bat line just to test
Yeah, this thing is working like it's supposed to work. Oh my god
It hasn't done that in months
It's exciting. It really this is this is so exciting. I could like rub my kneecaps together
I'm gonna take a suggestion from one of my close personal friends
I'm putting my blackberry between my knees now and when it starts buzzing and oh wow shove it down the front
Yeah, I'm shoving it right down my pants right near my
1162 on the pole have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender? How about by anybody?
Ha ha ha
By anything alive have you ever had sex with anything alive or close to it
Or even a smell like it might be alive
How about a toad stool might not be too bad. I can relate to that a shaggy thing this the nsnbc pool man
I'm just I don't know maybe I'm wrong. There's a poll
That thing about have you ever paid someone for sex? No, we need five percent is 15% and we're again
We're talking about directly not not talking about this George thing where he wants to make it out because it's
Is hatred for women
I come from
I beg your pardon. I don't hate them at all
Well, just the ones that you've been involved with most of them. No some of them. Hard some of them. No
That's some not some of them
One of them
Okay
Well, we didn't say which one hey it wasn't exactly the right word either. Oh stop. What you stop for like just
Everything bitterness. It really is it's boiling over it's even seeping
It's even cutting through the thick fog in the studio there's a car on the side and the tarfumes and all the other
Dreck it's cutting right through it like a like a sharp knife
Your hostility and hatred and George's lesson for all you punks out there don't ever get married
That's what you get married. Don't do it. Don't give them the key to the apartment
Don't let them bring a toothbrush over. Don't
Yeah, I'm done
Okay, it's the secret to success and have secret to a long happy life. That's right
We're streaming on the internet. We're connected to something around. We have to do a giant's connected
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers there and balance one to two hours
Attention, sport holes are you gay and hard all day make it stay the flasks away
With new hard away the entire red the oral Robertson haller. Hello. This is Donna Meachie
Perhaps you remember me from such films as trading places and cocoon
I was excited to come back to life to tell you about this unexciting product designed to unexcite you
Next time you're standing in the locker room surrounded by naked men
Just wrap your lips around the pink cigar shaped hard away and haller before you begin to hate yourself for getting around
And you'll soften to a fliable mushroom that falls neatly into a confident and we get
Of a hard away anti-gate and keep the bag its away
The old jock strap just tape what it used to be hide your heart away
101 at 560 wq. I'm just amazing the things that are going on now isn't it like a technical
Ohio and I think as fumes are subsiding a little bit wow
Maybe it was like an endurance contest, you know, it's still heavy
I've been going through the last few months is like an endurance contest
If Neil can survive all of this crap and all of this stress and emotional angst
Then that will let him live or whatever you know whatever the deal is although there's no phones ringing right now at this moment
No
Look at that. Let me make sure that they're working. I think they had more fun when you couldn't hold them up
Oh, they actually do work. Yeah, they did they liked that a lot
And I don't want to they work but they drop
Here's a billy billy goat says first off happy anniversary from your chronic fracture
I'm not gay, but I do like my girl. Oh, I see well. Let's be side the point
If you see he parted yet no, I haven't seen it says you need to and floss daily you you to realize cracker
Is what it says? You'll be okay. Well, thank you billy goat
Whatever the hell. I mean, I don't know but there's no lines ringing right now 5 6 7 0 5 60
How's that possible and pot five sixty in the Verizon singular? Where's that possible now?
I don't think they like it now that you have control of the film that evidently not oh there they go
Well, is that stupid four-minute delay that we got or whatever the thing is see when we need a four-minute delay
Then it's like six seconds and when we need a six-second delay, then it's like four minutes
WQ I am hello. Hello, Dale. Yes, sir
Yeah, this is a friend
I'm yours by the radio I've been listening to you for 20 years. Wow. I have no life as you know and not
Well, because I've listened to you for 20 years. I can't be doing too much
That's for damn sure all right and also
Congratulations on the anniversary. I can't forget that face because my birthday
Wow, and that case let me get that little dingaling out for crying out loud. Well, that's it
There you go and I'm getting ready to move. I'm looking for a place to have no foil tropical
No, I'm chicken and no Taco Bell. I'm moving
Okay, thanks. I have a good one good luck to pal. I hope you and all your white neighbors have a great time
What do we got on the pool? There's a move in our ship
1174 he's going to Sweden, baby. Maybe it's going to help stinky. Well, that's a great place. I'll sink you Finland. Mm
I sure loved it there. Harry and Hylia says now here's a nice facts
Mm-hmm. Happy anniversary. You'll have been a faithful listener since 1982
Here's something I found somewhat interesting
Assuming you work 30 weeks a year
Five days a week for hours a day. I've spent a combined one year and seven months of my life listening to you and anyway
It's I hope you're less than other 31 years. Well best to all of us Harry and Hylia
My emotional
I'm just emotional mess. I'm a basket case. You know, it's just this my nature
lately what's in the basket WQ not much WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, Neil
I'm doing good. Oh good. Listen, I got a question for you. You know, whatever happens speaking of blue sweights
She's what have happened to Elvis Presley Jr
Remember
Elvis Presley Jr
Yeah, from the right you mean you mean from the show. Yeah, EJ. Yeah. Oh, he's long gone DJ and EJ in that crowd
It was they're long gone once in a while that I would be out here for them
But I don't think we've heard from my mistakes never George. I got some email or something
It was a long time ago. Yeah, long time ago. He was good. He was good. The other question Neil is what was your years?
Which obviously now standing career? What was your favorite station that you worked for? What were the best years? Zeta
Yeah
Zeta was a blast FM living and breathing audience man
Yeah, I think you're right. I think that was the best didn't like getting up at 4.30 in the morning, but I sure I had a great year there
And Dave was great too in the bird and the whole nine yard. Yeah, and spiderwatch George says the bird was perfect on that show
Everything we just had a good chemistry was good. Lot of fun. All right great
So listen, hey, thanks for your all your work. You doing a great job. Thanks very much. See you
Neil wakes me up and tomorrow come on. Let's hear that. Let's I should say all that stuff for tomorrow
I don't I don't have um
What well a lot of stuff
I'll put out tomorrow. Yeah, Zeta was a great year and next to that what would I say next to that? I don't know
I would be
Okay, is that what I would say? I mean, you know, I never heard this. I was so I'll take your word for it
You never heard this data show than how could you knock the bird so badly? No, no
Not even dead speaking
When I had to listen to the year that you did on iod with him. I had to listen every single show is bad
Every single and I take I take responsibility for that. That was my mistake. Okay. That was my bad
No, no because he didn't have to be the bastard that he was well
It's just it just you know
We're doing a midday show on a.m. Wasn't the same as doing a morning show on FM
And I could have done the show on my own although you do understand
Well, I don't want to say it was a good sound like I'm patting myself on the back
But you don't mean I'm a soft touch for everybody that's just me. I'm a soft-hearted kind old
Softly. That's right. That's right
With a 50 grand a year he used to sit there and cackle and that was it
He could have just laughed at your joke and everything
But he would sit there and throw a tantra marini so you did something that he didn't like when you tried
Nothing made a call and that they were talking a lot about the cubs
It was whatever year that was and about Harry carrying all that stuff and anything that had to with sports was oh
See it was kind of like everything is down reverse and he ran around the building
sexually harassing the female help right well see the cell does now because the bird is dead
I was saying that when he was alive
Well, that's bad. That's really bad. Although of course it's true
But beside him. Hey listen if you were him now he had MS okay, and he you know
He didn't walk with a while. I guess maybe toward the end. He had like a walking stick or a few some of those crutches the two crutches
He did yes
That entire year okay and I would be at two crutches. Yes
Not the ones that go under your arms that put the ones that you you grab onto with your hands
How could you not have noticed that what are you talking about those hand crutches
You know they attach to your forearms and you hold on to them with handles
And he walks every hand. Yeah sure sure done bring any bells with me. I mean I know that he
You know he would block well him MS female
He'd either escape him every now and then he would fall down because he tried to do too much
And he was like you know a little over and through somebody was trying to walk past him like a girl
He would block their progress with his crutch. He would throw he would stick it up and uh and put it up one up
Oh, you mean one of the crutches and put it up against the wall so that they couldn't walk by
I would stick it up and put it up to walk by him. I'm sure glad I missed that
Yeah
For you are relentless man the guy is dead
He did we had a great year and and I grant you what I would do
He was a detriment and that's why I had his ass cam because he was he was uh
Destroying the show his people have these tapes
I don't want to hear the tapes nobody wants to hear and rip the brood
I mean you know tomorrow is the anniversary day
I'm sure tomorrow is going to be outpouring of love and sweetness
I'm sure that I'm you just won't believe the stuff. It's going to happen tomorrow. I can't wait
I don't think any of it's going to happen
Why'd like to telegram? I would the the FedEx I'm going to get from Jo Bell and the station
Hey
Hey
Nice to meet you. Oh thank you so much
Yeah
And of course I won't get that because the show's got to do with sports he did record a message for you though
How baby did okay
It's okay
Oh
This is jolly we're really joo
Oh, of course, great men never have gay sex. Oh, whatever you say.
Now that wasn't him though.
It wasn't. That was really him? No, of course not. Of course not. That was our that was chicken act doing Joe Bell.
And boy, I can't wait to see chicken act doing Joe Bell.
Shit. Who we got the pictures? We'll have a real tune in audience for that if we get on channel six.
Oh, I'm sorry, an NBC six. That's how they do it in South Florida. It's NBC six. Excuse me.
And when I was there for the weekend, I got to see a lot of it's like, you know, changing bobble heads on the weather and on the news and all these other strange people I've ever seen before.
And the one thing in Channel seven, at least it's consistent. It's consistently gay like that. You know, I think that's a prerequisite.
You have to pass some kind of a litmus tense. Oh, they have a test. All right. You have to switch. Yeah, I bet it is.
And you have to switch your way through the doorway. First they drop the soap and then is that what it is? Oh, and then show you a welcome to the entire staff.
Yeah. Sure you're staff. Don't be knocking the bird now that your anxiety was a lot of fun. And then after that, I mean, I don't want to go through this whole thing of picking and choosing, you know.
Right. What that reminds me of. I was telling you this last week, we were having one of our heart to heart chats before the show when you're trying to keep my brains unscramble or whatever.
And it's like friends, you know, I'm not one of those people that rates my friends. Well, so and so is my best friend.
And so it's always my say, yeah, it's just to me that's awfully childish. You should not, but it usually works out that way.
What do you mean by that? There's usually someone that you like best and that you spend the most amount of time with and then second.
Well, the fact that you like somebody the best is me and you're spending the most amount of time. Well, exactly.
But maybe it might mean you'd like to spend the most amount of time with him. Oh, that doesn't mean that you have that opportunity.
Granted. See what I'm saying? Yes. What I don't allow myself to do that. Well, you know what? That's a lie.
But you shouldn't do it, but everybody. I know I try not to do it, but it's human nature.
That is why why did I say that? Why do I even say so stupid things? Because you have a four hour show and you got to kill it.
I guess so. I don't know. Not that I'm holier than that or better than anybody else, but it's just it's just not something that I try to avoid it, but you can't help by doing it.
Yeah. Right. But who knows? It's 11 past one at 560 WQM.
D.O.I. Hate that station.
But no one's listening anymore because they really.
That's absolutely.
Okay, 117 at 560 WQM. It's our pre-anniversary. This kind of like the warm up for tomorrow. That's right.
And I think you're right. Now that we got my phone and the dots back on here. Now they're not calling.
I know. That would be too easy. And now that I can actually see what's going on.
We don't have to go just to think of it just to call.
That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right.
I guess the 12 step process is that what how it works. Maybe another drink.
God.
And anyway, in between during the break some of thanking a lot of people on the Myspace page or a heavy anniversary, but a beat better.
But about thanks, Judy. And thanks Sean and whoever else. A whole bunch of people.
And then see, I don't want to be like Kurt with them because my name is Neil. I don't want to be Kurt, but nevertheless.
Well, you can send him back and thanks in the take here. Now what am I going to.
I just don't have time to break this in here. Like paragraphs and paragraphs.
There's only select people that are like long books to you know.
And I really should stop doing that. But nevertheless, it kills him good time.
What is it? What is it?
What is it? What is it? What is it? What we got 1200 liked that totally Chris. We got it linked.
Yeah, we're looking at it.
It's kind of like a working popsicle.
You know.
Oh, you know, they speak into the that and that show Chuck Barris documentary that they had on.
I had forgotten all about the popsicle twins, which were eventually the girls that destroyed the gong show.
Really? Do you remember that sketch?
Is these two teenage girls came out with popsicles, the long and thin kind.
Yes. The ones that look kind of tubular.
And they proceeded to eat them.
I see.
And it was you know pornographic.
But the people working on popsicle ran on TV. That's right.
They both went there without rages.
And then everyone had a hard attack about it. And Chuck Barris didn't want to apologize or be contried or anything like that.
He told them to go ethimselfs and that was the end of the day.
Oh, good for you Chuck. Go shoot some people.
Okay.
WQAM. Hello.
Young and relaxed.
So we can.
All right. Good thinking. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, how do you do today?
Okay, pal. Sky knows you.
I don't really have nothing to say. I just want to say thanks for being on the air.
Well, thanks for the call, pal.
There you go.
That was short and sweet. See guys aren't sentimental. They're not emotional. They're very.
They're very, you know, because people might think that they're gay.
So guys are very, they'll do it.
Hold their feelings, you know.
It's like I'm my birthday every year.
You know, back when I was there, of course, now I don't get nothing, you know.
But I'm my birthday. You see, like maybe half a dozen cards.
And then like four or five of them be from from women.
And we hardly have any female audience.
But women are more likely to say like heavy anniversary. Happy birthday.
You know, give you a little.
But guys are like, oh, gee, you know, I'm clean. I'm clean. You know, I don't want to touch that night.
That's correct.
I know that.
But that's okay. I can handle it. WQAM. Hello.
I'm an aunt.
Yeah, too. That's the problem.
That's the bane of my existence after 31 years as you. WQAM. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Got a question?
Yep.
Where's Raal?
Great call, Pally.
WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello.
We at the, we at the moment.
WQAM. Hello.
Neil, good morning. We're going to have to know. Good evening, sir. Yes.
Did you ever play that crying shame song?
Did we ever play it?
Yeah, up on the roof.
We never found it. We never found it. We don't got it.
I may have that album laying around, believe it or not. I used to love that band.
Okay.
You see, you may have that album. You mean the record?
I had the actual album.
The record.
You're going to play it on.
Oh, God knows anymore.
Right. Exactly.
I'd have to put it on a CD.
Oh, God's record player, I guess.
But they have a convertor.
They used to tour what a band called the Rob. Do you remember them?
No.
That was another very good band from the Midwest in those days.
They were Rob's.
Yep.
Our own BPS.
It could be worn love by the crying shame. That was also good.
There were a few good songs in that album.
If I had a reddish cover, that's all I could remember.
Yeah, I remember that. Yes. I remember like it was only a hundred years ago.
That's about right.
Anyways, congratulations.
Thanks, Paul. I have a great one.
Yeah, they have converters.
How do you convert a record into a, what? A CD?
I'll send you a picture if you want. Yeah, but they have this.
They're so, they don't send me any pictures.
Or you could just plug your turn table if you have one into your computer.
Turn table, what's that?
Well, that's right. If you're a hip hopper, you got a turn table.
Now we're talking.
Although they have that for CDs now.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, happy 31.
Thank you.
Thanks, question.
Oh, damn.
Yeah.
What did I tell you? W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
That's it. Can you tell me about Selving?
Now, there's a guy that's been listening a long time.
Hello, Doctor. I've got Blue Lip Stock to Dunn.
And then of course, there was the Fel Dean lady in our lab.
Do we, we don't have that no more? Do we?
Do we? Do we?
I don't think we ever did.
Oh, yeah. That was a drop to the Fel Dean lady.
But of course, we don't got it no more because it was probably one of those artists
that Roy Preston made us destroy over it.
Pax and I-O-D.
I think I just popped a P.
Well, I don't do that very often.
P-M-O-D-Q-A-M.
Popped a P. That's not good.
Especially when you get to be my age, it's easy to pop a P.
Or something even more dangerous.
Or pop a L-O-D-Q-A-M.
I don't want to be doing that because then Joe Bell will be on it with Norma Kenboy.
It looks like the two of them are at war with each other or something.
I-I'm being honest to me.
I'm only supposed to be the client, you know.
I'm supposed to be in the outside.
What's that? The market is down another 500 points?
Where is that from yesterday?
Oh, that's yesterday.
They're showing the click from yesterday and a lot of people are going to be committing sausages.
Where it was down 505 or whatever they got this bitch on.
I mean, there's a broad honor talking about it.
Where the hell is the CNBC?
Did they move it?
They must have moved it on my cable.
Which is good because I don't want to see the gambling channel.
All the media in the Canadian one, what does it say?
While you're looking.
Hey, this is Michelle and straight men do not have gay sex.
And if they do, that means they're gay.
Oh, God.
Well, at least we got some of the people on the staff to have something to do today.
They got them off their ass.
That's good.
Okay, so all these straight guys out there don't be concerned with no fact because that means you're
beyond a shadow of a doubt.
Don't be like a little hanky spanky because then everybody knows.
WQIM, hello.
Only if.
Hey, Stan.
Okay, too bad we didn't get the real stand on.
Thank God we didn't.
I wonder how my two grand is coming from Stan.
Oh, boy, you're hurting interest on that.
I would think so.
Probably worth a million now.
So I'll have an equalo.
How about you, Charlie?
Now, why did you chop him?
I didn't.
Chris.
Yes.
What about that?
Why did you do that?
He was going to say, hello, doctor.
Come on, quit being so uptight, man.
I think you're taking directions from Jersey, Jolly, Joe Bell.
Just relax.
He's a great.
Yeah, right.
WQIM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Great.
How are you?
Great.
I'm driving all the way from Beverly Hills Florida to Miami and I picked you up the hallway.
Beverly Hills, Florida?
Yes.
I'm a lift coach in between Tampa and Orlando.
I never heard of that.
Nice and quiet.
I bet.
Because nobody ever heard of it.
It's one language.
Uh-huh.
Speeding bass.
But I wanted to call it and congratulate you and let you know that I've been listening to you.
Let's say I'm 48, so probably since I've been about 16 years old.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
I know.
That is scary.
So, uh, thanks for keeping me company on my drive.
Thanks for calling, sweetheart.
And have a good one.
Bye-bye.
See you in Beverly Hills if I can find it.
Okay.
How do you like that?
Did you ever hear Beverly Hills Florida?
Never heard of that.
Never.
Well, of course, Jolly, you learned something.
It's such a damn educational show, man.
It's kind of a scary when you come right down to it.
I'm not all that excited about that.
Then this thing today with it.
I don't know.
We don't have to be excited about it.
You know what bothers me about a more than anything else is it takes so damn long.
That's right.
God.
I mean, I got a good dentist here and his, uh,
high genist or whatever you call him.
She's very good.
The, uh, brother cleans your teeth.
But good.
Jolly, it just seemed, and then you start your laying there with your head back and
you're thinking, you're starting to like count by the teeth, you know?
Right.
You know what I mean?
In other words, she lets you, she's got the upper right ones done.
Now she's going to go in the middle and, oh, it's just, it's a long TV's process.
But it keeps you teeth nice and sparkling clean and you got that pepsidant smile and everybody says,
hey, look at that old queen.
No, they don't.
They run like hell.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy 31st from some blind A-O up in Dearfield Beach that wants you to know that gay men do not have straight sex.
All right.
Thanks.
See, even the colors are doing on that now too.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
How you doing?
Happy anniversary.
Thank you, sir.
Hey, Neil, I got a quick, two story I wanted to have been telling you for a while.
I got a five year old daughter.
I took it day off one time to go from work and I was listening to you before I took her a daycare.
And I took her a daycare.
I wanted to pick her up.
My teacher, her teacher tells me, why is she keep saying, don't be doing, don't be doing, don't be doing.
All right.
Just see how the whole thing all the kids, that was funny.
Excellent.
Hey, but Joe Brown, I got your taste right here.
But he keeps you, keep George in the summer time.
Okay, you guys finally.
See you.
Oh, and the summer time we're talking about it too.
Yeah, we share on my George John, I was Monday Wednesday and Fridays when I'm only working Tuesday and Thursday in the summer.
Let's get those tapes on.
In fact, tapes of Joe Bell farting is what?
Oh, a lunso.
You're so big.
I want to see the girl we shopping at the mall.
Pepper, man.
Pepper, man.
Pepper has a dayth but owns a bulldog.
Stink, twisted.
Pepper, man.
Oh, yeah.
He's leaving in the face, finance, parents, place.
And Bernie, seven still is acting on his face.
He is saying, we see it.
The shirt still fake.
He was on the catcher, predator, run in VC.
Right to find his rage on his vice face page.
He's a girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
A girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
I want to come over and bring you beer and pot and in it's called Reveal 30U.
He's on his computer in his room with loose.
Trying to score it all the chat rooms.
Standing in a picture from his online camp.
If you like, you maybe it'll go to spam.
He's a scary troll with a merry mole.
He's a girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
A girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
I have access to my mom's country's quiet station where I can all weekend.
Maybe we can take a ride.
Yeah, let's take a ride.
He'll make your skin crawl.
This guy named his boll and boll.
You wanted to leave.
He's a total skater.
He's a girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
A girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
You want to make a movie with me?
I had a great collection of porn movies.
And I star in most of them.
But I'm alone in it.
You look so hot.
You'd look great stuff in my closet with a black apple in your mouth.
Blacks to go and bake a chicken and tie a lamb.
Pepper, man.
Pepper, man.
Bad thing he was famous in a boy band.
Pepper, man.
Pepper, man.
He's like a rotten crab, making one of the stands.
He's a girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
A girl talking dirty, talking, Pepper, man.
All right.
It's a 133.
That's our kind of guy.
A 1203 on the pole.
We made our 1200 Chris ride it down on your left forearm.
Now, what is this thing you faxed me about to the buttear devils in the explosion?
Why did you send me that?
Oh, because they said but somebody handed me that.
But it doesn't say but it's butte.
Apparently it originally was in the paper, whatever, without the e.
See, let me break the news to you.
The thing that you faxed me is the butte butte butte.
Probably we just out of the view.
We just out of the view.
Oh, and anyway, nobody cares.
Oh, and said butte.
Oh, brother.
Here's a postcard.
I would only leave that you faxed to me.
It says in your knee, I trust and pray this car will make it to you last Saturday in Delray Beach.
A senior citizen on Atlantic Avenue swirve, hit an embankment, went airborne, snapping a telephone pole in half.
Finally, your car landed on its side in a school yard which was empty luckily.
The area was a buzz with fire trucks, police cars, and curious onlookers.
The upper portion of the telephone is just dangling, supported by the wires.
The whole scene looked ridiculous.
This is South Florida, baby.
It says and then as it's on 10, is that what it says there.
I can just barely make it up.
It's not.
That's just bleed through from the other side.
It was bleeding.
It is bleeding.
Oh, look at that.
What most of our equipment is bleeding over here.
You must have been getting in the show.
Thank the Lord, man.
Just count your lucky stars.
Count your blessings.
This has been a day I would wish on Hermann Gehring on Greg Reed on Adolf Hitler on Stephen Harper and George W. Bush putt together.
1206 on the pool not too bad, not too shabby.
But finally we got our dots back on the phone.
We got our connection.
We only had to after that last time we got to, we haven't had probably shouldn't give us a canary.
We still got 25 minutes to go.
Right.
And that can be.
And George can breathe again.
How do you like that?
They finally put the exhaust on and they sucked out all the carbon monoxide they were trying to siphon in there.
They tried to kill us and destroy the show and they couldn't do it.
I'll be here tomorrow and make no mistake about it.
I will survive.
WDQYM, hello.
Hi, Jedi.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes, I was calling Neil.
Speaking.
Oh, Neil, how are you, sir?
Okay, this is O'Neal.
Well, at the risk of being a chronic, the last time I talked to you was over local, measured service in the evening time.
You remember that?
Local, measured service.
What does that mean?
That means that you were doing topics and that was the telephone company about ready to charge us with local, measured service.
And you were on a very late night show.
Yeah.
What?
That's a long time, huh?
Yeah, it's about a hundred years ago at least.
That was about 25 years ago.
I want to wish you a very happy anniversary.
Thank you, sir.
I'll be here.
I'll be sitting right on my fat ass.
Thanks, pal.
Ciao.
I'll read it arch.
Do we?
Toad scenes.
Doze, Vidaa, etc.
WDQYM, hello.
Can you put the 30 on you?
Now, why did you chop him?
What are you doing to these people?
What is wrong with this kid?
I don't know.
He was going to say it puts 31 years in the basket or something like that, which is harmless.
And you're like chopping everybody up.
We're not going to have any calls on here tomorrow because they're going to go, and Chris is going to like,
I'll shut the pot and then George is going to grab it and smoke it.
Why did you do that?
At first, it sounded like it was going to be a chronic, so.
I apologize for that one.
He is a chronic.
That's his one line.
That's all he ever, in fact, this might have been a different one.
I don't know.
Don't be so offtight.
Just because you're fat now, I'm fat too.
I've been fat all my adult life.
But when I take it back, I'm more uptight than you are.
Especially with all the goings on today.
Every aspect of my life is like a tiny used to leave in the room every now and then.
Like in my bedroom.
Tutsi rules.
Tutsi rules.
No, I would say more like when he used to leave.
Not in the house though, thank God.
In the backyard.
That's been the way everything has been today.
Not good.
But now all of a sudden we're making this big comeback.
Just in time.
Look at that.
I just got so excited.
I pulled that thing.
The instant we play a thing with the stuff or not.
Oh, you're right.
You're sheets.
Yeah.
I just said it flying.
See that's because I'm so whipped up now.
I get my teeth cleaned.
QA.
What was that?
That was exciting.
QA.
And hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Great.
I wonder if you wish you happy anniversary.
I've been listening to you like that.
I've got like that lady for us since I was 16.
But I think I'm a little younger, which was 1987.
And you're great, man.
I am great.
That's really all there is to say.
You're great too, Emily.
The fact that we'll go ahead.
I don't know if you've played it yet, but I need you to close with this one thing.
So the thing's up coming.
Happy poem.
Okay.
Hi.
See, yeah.
He's right.
It is coming up very soon.
In fact, you can have all the home and touch.
Now we're intended for matter.
Happy poem.
Happy poem.
Happy poem.
Thanks for calling.
And not to touch the ocean.
Don't take any bulls**t on him.
He was so great.
Yeah.
And.
He was mother also.
Thanks for calling.
Happy poem.
And now she's in the ground somewhere.
Is that a shame?
See him.
That's the way the Lord works in mysterious ways.
The good people, they croak.
And of course, the nasty horrendous people, they go on forever and ever.
And just like Fidel.
Fidel, stay out.
Yeah.
I wonder how's he going to croak already?
You notice how we don't hear any moe about that?
No moe.
I wonder why?
Oh, there's some flat this morning.
He made a phone call.
Somebody said he had a flat.
I bet he's got a flat right now.
He's probably got all he's got as a flat.
1212, maybe that's his sensational number.
We got 1212 votes on the poll.
The most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Here is our homemade bread in the sour sauce.
Oh, round the four-hole clowns,
standing at my toe.
We'll take Christ off all the time.
A thousand fruit play games can keep their eyes offide behind
insisting they're not taking it.
Yeah, you've got to hide your heart away.
Yeah, you've got to hide your heart away.
Town will shorten every time since that straight game will buy.
Man, who thought of the man,
is a four-hole, say the man,
yeah, yeah.
No, just here, just four-hole wheels,
having fun with the boys.
In the lots of room, I hear,
boy, boys, boys, boys.
You'll get to hide your heart away.
To the two-hole-heart away.
One forty five at five sixty WQ I am 217 votes on the full I can't I can't believe we made it we're just about
the finita holy moly this is like an endurance content working in this joint lately I don't know
what's going on I mean we finally I get we're streaming we only had six
minutes since we came back up on it how it was one you're screaming we're streaming I'm screaming
we got the phone thing is smoking over here and you got your internet connection back over
there right what what more could you want you know this this is George straight men do not have
gay sex WQ I am hello hello Neil this is the spokesman I want to wish you a happy anniversary
or the spokesman okay BN think of it BN BN WQ I am hello hey then let me tell you with my mom I'm
about three still listening to you do it yeah anniversary baby thanks pali
I'm sorry to celebrate but I'm saying
woo man this way tell them are you into this is only a warm up this is just a little
a pre a little pre-for play can't wait yeah WQ I am hello
hey Neil how are you good who the baby daddy who the baby daddy me surprise WQ I am hello
hey congratulations King thank you sir K31 years I was just gonna suggest perhaps one of these
days if you want to raise for charity option you off and easy of watching the Godfather with you
and with special commentary I think I think the price to go through the room yeah there you go okay I'll
work on it for my 85 birthday I'll think about it oh wait a minute who could this be on the
bat line Q.A.N. who that was that there was somebody on the bat line probably somebody really important
to well who the hell could that have been could have been stand nature must have been somebody really
important and I just and one what's the delay catches up and I realize I'm got my I peeled for
so to speak there was somebody called on a bad line I don't know why because you know maybe
a premature evaluation WQ I am hello hello yes sir happy anniversary I'm so glad I got to have
a plan to catch you for 20 minutes this rich shop get out of there Rick I swear man there's a 31
years you know between you and me we got 87 years on the radio on this 27 years on the radio
holly whatever you believe that well you're going to be chronic now this is good I like this
no I mean sure anniversary you know me I'm not chronic I listen but I don't call the
bucks as a reason and 31 years as a reason I think you've called me like four times in 31 years
that's not that's not chronic no not really okay last week we don't need a
original version like 15 years move off it's a good song I like that I love right you asked
about it earlier this afternoon and but I was just sorry I thought you were going on vacation or
something I'm just back we were in Hawaii just got back last night and how was it
oh Hawaii if you go to Hawaii and you have a bad time it's your own damn fault that's that's right
been there six times before last times a long time ago I love Hawaii a beautiful place it's like
paradise God's country absolutely absolutely so how long you're going to continue with your
thing before you find that there in the process of looking for a replacement and I'm kind of
hanging there until that happens so yeah don't do it man I got to kneel for the other
way let's keep just keep spinning those oldies man until your croak right on the air we both can do it
we in fact we never simultaneously is death on the air we can promote the hell get a 90's share
hang in there Rick thanks thank you sir Ricky Tiki Shaw I had a feeling he'd call and all he
didn't want to wait till tomorrow because who the hell's going to get you tomorrow you know right
how you say that like you really believe that it'll be ringing it'll be a ring and maybe the
folds will be ringing for me and my gal and me and my pal what was that awful song the bells are
ringing for me what do you remember that yeah there you know I did a double song come on
hundred and twice to both Sarah Vaughan and the smooth operator the original well he would know
I mean he's been on for what he say 187 years yes he's a no wdqym hello
this is all baby did it did it did it did it wqym hello
qym oh can I speak the nail place speaking speaking hi Neil yes sir happy anniversary on about 30
and why do I call on bear of my birthday is this your birthday yes sir oh everybody want to see
everybody wants to wish me a little something but they're gonna be something yeah
yeah I've been listening from a m to fm back to a m and have a good bm thank you
excellenty and have a good bm pali okay nothing wrong with a good bm hello oh there's the
bad line again might be somebody important qym hello Neil Rogers yes sir Joe Castello you know
it dawned on me when I saw that really far I wanted to say I bet your buddies your Castello
well then that you would have been truly uh psychic yeah I am well who else has got this line thank you
Joe Castello happy anniversary 30 years you've been in the business almost as long as I am old
no I haven't been in a business 30 years I've been in Miami 31 years you better get with it with
it with her snapper I've been in the business is 47 years 47 years man you know what that means
it means I'm old ancient any advice you'd like to impart to us young yes style of the business
that's my advice in your case too late are you still doing that the auto thing on the xm yes I
am yes I am very excited about various news that's uh so doing waiting some on xm and it's kind
of fun are you serious but you will be soon are you serious but you will be soon
yeah if things go well yeah that seems to be the situation if that thing goes through that's
going to double your reach instead of seven minute you're going to have 14 million people out there
number one market in the country if you think about it yeah there you go oh tornado warning
issued for eastbroward county oh I'm just seeing that on CNN bad news watch out for the tornadoes
man in the woods where he's trying to say his broward blows but we already know that well listen
Joe best of luck he is always you two Neil once again congratulations I don't know how you do it
but if I can last half as long as you I will be thrilled there you go take care of Joseph I know
that was Joe Castillo somehow I just had that feeling I wanted to say and I didn't say and then
it would make me seem prescient you know right very very rewarding issued for eastbroward great now
again there is the no visual confirmation on this possible tornado yeah just but a beep for the
bond from it but the last please be never less please be advised government yourselves according
to the assure hope that don't blow the gallery away I sure like that place it stays
I know what sounds crazy but I said smell that she eats
I sort of
Drawn
of
She's getting like the skeleton in the eye
My daughter's getting like the skeleton in the eye
She wants to get high, so high
She wants to drink a smoke and dance dirty all night
She doesn't settle with her little queen
Oh yeah!
My daughter's getting like the skeleton in the eye
My baby's getting like the skeleton in the eye
My baby's getting like the skeleton in the eye
