So what's going on in the world is sports today?
Nothing.
Oh come on, there's got to be something sports related we can disinterest our audience in today.
Oh man, I mean there's nothing just just some days nothing's going on with sports man.
Well turn on ESPN maybe they got chicken chains on.
You're telling you man there's nothing going on?
That's unacceptable. I mean didn't any millionaire athletes murder somebody?
Not today.
Well you think maybe we should try something that would be entertaining?
No way dude. That's work.
Right, Gordon?
Yeah yeah yeah yeah.
The situation here is only sports.
It gets us hard in the shorts.
We're narrow casting only this no music kicks or politics.
Pity, easy and safe.
We brought gas to us.
Just don't shout out sport holds every day.
We bow our heads and feet respect each other to make the family dead.
And we're closet games.
If you are going to a real honest death, your mind is well-go.
Back to sex.
We talk about when Michael was a jackspot and just lose control.
And if I was there, my yaya yaya yaya.
We brought gas to the team.
Just sports on the top.
10.02.56WQ.
I'm happy Thursday, 2.00.
The 5th of July.
Hopefully you didn't blow any body parts off yesterday.
No, no. Nothing that I'm getting this anyway.
Well that's good.
We got the ratings coming out to this half hour.
Did I just mention that?
Yeah.
And all that stuff about test decolossed and wool walls and stuff like that.
What a bunch of bull bull camper.
I heard before you came in this morning, I heard him ranting and carrying on about as in his dull, dullered way.
Dull ranting about Jim Noglerler going to have a Monday.
Was that a Joker's death for real?
Leab Born again, right wing homophobic lunatic, Amer for Lauderdale?
Why would they joke about it like that?
I don't know.
Who is all whipped up about all this man having sex in public restrooms and the boat camper was going,
oh gee, there's nothing worse than going into a public restroom with your little kid or nephew.
And there's two guys having sex in it.
Evidently, he seems to have encountered a lot of that in his life.
I never, I even owe a fact like me.
I never saw that in a public restroom.
Me either.
He never seen it.
No.
He Chris never seen it.
So that's over three years.
And by the way, I'd remember.
I'd remember if I'd seen something like that.
Oh, you'd remember all of that.
Yeah, I'd made an impression.
Garble and white.
Yeah, I'd make an impression.
What made an impression?
Yes.
Independence day is over, but traces of firework celebrations remained in the form of thick,
smog covering process offload of the swerve of the sun sentinel.
Says, how do you like that?
There's smog in here.
It's not because of fires in the Everglades.
Well, at least it's a little novelty.
Something different anyway.
Well, I really feel good this morning.
Don't I sound more like me?
He says Chris on Tuesdays.
And both of you give me this crap.
Oh, you sound fine.
Oh, I did not.
Theme nollital.
Yeah.
He sounded crazy.
Because you wanted to make Dinshurite stuck it out till two o'clock.
Well, let me stick it out.
Those campro probably grav it.
Some heavy firework smoke is still trapped in the atmosphere,
quite of the national weather service.
Visibility will eventually improve.
But right now the smoke is heavy out there.
Said very backstored.
For a castor with a national weather service in Miami,
what kind of a name is that?
It's very bastard.
The smoke is expected to disappear.
A southwest winds blow the smoke in the Everglades around noon.
Backstored vibes people with...
He advised people with breathing problems to stay indoors
until the smoke dissipates.
I mean, there must have been some heavy duty fireworks going on.
Yes.
Really?
I mean, fireworks are beautiful if professional people are, you know,
setting them off.
And they're beautiful to watch.
But when amateur is, which is like most of you people start
practicing around with them, you're like, uh, almost...
Well, here's the story as a matter of fact.
Air before the July, there's a bunch of stories.
Melvin Dale Michigan.
A powerful fireworks exploded in the face of a woman trying to set it off,
killing her as her fiancee and eight-year-old son, watch, police said.
Danielle Barst, 27, was unfamiliar with the commercial grade
aerial fireworks she was using Monday night.
She basically killed herself in front of her children and her fiancee.
Barst and another woman were trying to set off a three-inch mortar bomb
in the parking lot of the car wash where Barst worked when it went off
as she had her head over it.
One round hit the Lincoln Park woman while the other 25 mortars continued
to explode in sequence, keeping rescuers at bay.
The bombs were still going off.
This is like a bombs bursting in air.
Is that what it's supposed to be in the fourth of July?
Not quite an air.
Sounds very patriotic to me.
The bombs bursting in air.
First the air.
The silver office I ran up to try to drag her out of the way
said witness Jason Dobrovowski told WDIV TV.
But after I'd seen what had happened, I just ran back to try to save myself
because it was too late.
Nobody at the car wash had permission for a fireworks display.
The Bureau of the ATF Bureau was investigating where the commercial grade
fireworks came from.
Barst was also the mother of twin two-year-old boys who are now orphans.
Well, I don't know about that.
Does that make him an orphan if just the mother is dead?
No.
No.
They got a daddy.
Presently.
You know it's detour, so maybe they don't have a daddy.
I don't know.
So somewhere this is it.
Unless it was a macro conception.
So you won't see her anymore, Daniel, because she set off some fireworks
and about a bing.
Now she's dead.
Not a good move.
Bad thing is we're not going to get no thousand votes today because it's the
fifth of July, although we have 495.
Yesterday on the fourth of July, George had 284 votes.
But then again, I started this poll last night around almost 6-7.
Yeah, we started that one in like 9-30.
Well, you always do that and then you shoot yourself in a foot.
You know, guess who died before we get into the all-add pull crack and then of course the
ratings.
Rating should kill a couple hours good.
Beast said he's making copies and then he'll bring it right in.
Oh, he's already got some stuff?
I guess.
The Beast?
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Now as he said, this was he smiling.
Was he frowning, crissing in his case.
But I was here and came into the greatest smile.
What?
You're assuming he read it.
Guess who died, George?
Beverly Sills.
That was the idea.
That's old news.
Well, let's not get way behind the times.
Okay, let's try to be a little bit current.
I'm afraid I don't know.
Bill Pinkney.
Who?
That's what I knew you'd say.
Well, he wasn't with the who.
He was the last survivor of the drifters.
Oh.
That in Florida 81.
He was the last original member of the member group drifters.
He was found at the Hilton Daytona Beach Ocean front resortant Daytona Beach.
The death was not considered suspicious.
He was scheduled to perform on the 4th of July festivities there yesterday, but I guess
it didn't work out.
Pinkney's manager, Maxine, reported a climb to discuss the cause of his death, but said
he had health problems.
How old was he?
81.
That's old enough for him.
Not for me.
That would only give me 17 more years.
I got too many fish to fry to die in 17 years.
The drifters, whose hits include under the board, walk up on the roof and save the last
dance for me, still performed last night.
Oh my God.
An announcement about Pinkney's death was made after the show.
Pinkney born in Dalles, Elz, South Carolina.
It wasn't with the drifters when they recorded their biggest hits.
He left the band in 58 because of an argument over cash.
Give me some money, honey.
His distinctive bass voice can be heard on the group's version of the holiday classic
White Christmas.
It's kind of ironic.
The drifters sing about a white Christmas, but nevertheless, isn't it?
Well, they're singing about the snow, man.
What do you think?
It's hot.
Even though he left the group, Pinkney didn't let the go of the drifters name.
He fought for laws, lying performers, abandons, to claim an affiliation with a classic group
like the drifters of the coast.
It's only if at least one member recorded with the original group.
The drifters were inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1988.
Pinkney was a World War II veteran and pitched for the New York Blue Sox of the Negro Baseball
League in the 19th and late 40s, early 50s.
The Negro League.
Porter said funeral arrangements for Pending would be buried in South Carolina.
Dale Zell, South Carolina.
I bet that's one hell of a place.
Don't you think?
I'm sure it is.
Dale Zell, South Carolina.
So nothing could be finer than to stay out of South Carolina.
I'll tell you that.
Don't anybody out there ever go to South Carolina.
We warned you on this show.
It's public service.
Here's our award-winning schedule today.
We got mad dog on for an hour, two to three, because then you got the Marlon game.
Marlon's lost yesterday.
I can't believe that.
Wasn't it one of the, I believe?
A crash on the bottle.
A crash on the bottle.
A crash on the bottle.
Oh, no.
Marlon's on Deck 3 and then the Marlon's at San Diego at 335 as they tried to salvage
it.
Now what is the support game series?
They win any games in the series and not.
Two days ago.
So they're one and two.
One and two.
So they could get a break even in the series if they're today, but don't count on it.
Anyway, Marlon's at San Diego at 335, followed by, I don't understand what this is all about.
Is that going to be like a boy?
It's going to be a long game, I guess, three and a half hours coin of clearance, who's
not here anyway.
Nobody's around.
Miami Dolphins All Access, 7 to 9, then game night with Eddie Kane, 9 to midnight.
That's our award-winning schedule here at QM where we'll find out in a matter of moments
whether we're back on track or whether we still are suffering joebell disease.
The good news is chickenette got to raise some of the station.
That's good news for me because that means I'm going to cut the one I'm selling.
Not just a joke.
Or if he really believed that, would he have an arrest breakdown or what?
Yes.
Without being good.
But yeah, I got an email from Jolly Fad Asht, joebell, Raleigh Jo.
They're the day and saying, oh, Bokka Bryant and I had a meeting and we're up in his
pay, Bokba.
And he actually might get paid once in a while, which is really something.
We have 506 on that pull, Chris.
What's our goal for today?
750?
About 500.
Hey, it's the day after the fourth of July, man.
Everybody's gone.
Anybody with a brain and vacation time and the Simone, they're gone.
I hear the facts machine is spitting out.
It's not numbers, is it?
Yes.
Some dribs and drabs still get excited.
Oh, I'm not excited at all.
When I see them, I'm not getting excited.
If we got a shot, if we like, half-point given.
284 votes on Georgia's poll yesterday.
Let me just reach back here and see what you said.
I got that machine loaded up.
Let's see.
Many team plus this is for the entire week.
CMQFA NA.
Oh, that's good.
They went down a lot.
They're still number one, but they went down almost to full point.
That's good, because it means not so heavy.
And I'll speak in English in here.
Radio Mambe is third after love.
Hot 105.
Oh, they went way up.
Wow.
Where are we?
This is like, oh, this is amazing.
Top of second page there.
Well, let's see.
We have an improvement on here.
Oh, yeah.
Big improvement from a 2-8 in the last round to a 3.6.
Oh!
This was right, man.
His psychic abilities are right on target.
We are kicking some big fat smelly ass.
Hold on.
Where's the losers across the street?
They're not even on the first two pages.
Well, that's your bodes well, doesn't it?
For some bonus money, George?
Yes.
Waxi, 2-1 to a 2-4.
So they went up a little bit, but they're tied for 17th and word number
8, tie for 8th.
Woo!
They got a 2-4.
We got a 3-6.
They're not even, I'm telling you.
This is what, when they dropped off that bogus January, what did I tell you?
Bogus, baby.
Bogus, Joe, fineberg, you loser.
Now that you've got that, you've got the kid on.
The most obnoxious New Yorker to come down the pike.
That's with the P-Boke camper in the morning.
And then, of course, once they lose a little dog, then they're all done.
Then they can fold it all up.
Stick a fork in them and they'll be well done.
Well, that's good.
I thought you said there was nothing important.
Don't get excited.
No, because I'm not, you know, it's just that one-day part.
Here comes more.
I understand, but that's a momentous.
That means we had a huge mate.
A huge mate.
It go up 8th, 10th of a point in one month in the trend.
Right?
We may have.
We may have not.
And then again, on the other hand, Sneon, God.
Your jogs grab authority.
560 WQAM presents the Hanker Jolls neck down.
And then, one-day, Jolls a deadbeat bell.
And then, this one-day, Hank wears my cheddar cheese.
Cheese makes me feel better.
Go boy.
You're mother ****.
Stupid.
You're the mother ****.
You know, wait a minute.
Am I as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I'm not as stupid as you understand that the mother ****.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
I can be the problem with you.
You're ass.
No, it doesn't. It smells great.
Like I said.
Like I said.
I hope you're not smelling it.
Oh, look at that afternoon.
Holy moly.
Holy moly.
Tied for first.
Holy moly.
3 to 7 p.m.
Wow. What the hell is that all about?
Look at that.
With a 5.0.
With a 5.0.
We got a 5.3.
All the way.
We're tied for fourth in midday.
We went from a four or nine in the last round.
Wait a minute.
I'm looking at the end from a 3.7 to a 5.
That's gigantic.
We went from a four or one to a 5.3.
In midday.
In the morning.
In the morning.
The number in the morning.
Just when those guys were catching on, they're going to be gone.
Just when they were catching on.
Anybody buying that?
No.
Oh.
Now they went from a 2.5 to a 3.0.
And we're actually in the morning.
They actually edged them out.
I had a 2.9.
I'll give you all these numbers here momentarily.
In fact, that's all I'm going to do.
I'm going to give you the poll results from yesterday and the one for today.
And then give all these numbers out and it'll be time to go home.
There he goes again.
Just looking to kill some time.
That's what this shows all about.
It's to kill four hours in the middle of your dreary day.
That's right.
And we do a fantagulous job.
It just asks me.
Don't we?
Yes, we do.
How do you like that afternoon, huh?
That's just where they're thinking of poaching around with it too.
Well, we'll move a man to his back too.
Yeah, the hell you will.
Your mama.
Your mama's so soft and healthy.
And you know that Barry Jackass didn't just make that up.
He got it from somebody probably fat ass Johnny Joe Bell.
So anyway, while you're still a semi the rest of that, that's...
And what did they have across the street in the afternoon?
What did Daniel of Basterd and those guys have?
They had...
Oh, two five to a two nine.
They went up a little bit from 19th to 16th.
A five-oat of a two nine.
They got bushwack there in the afternoon if you asked me.
Across the street.
They got side swacked and bushwack.
I knew it.
I knew all that other fall to roll was just too much belonging to be true, you know?
When we got the mad dog in the thumper.
284 votes on Verge's poig yesterday.
284, what do we got today?
We got 500 something already.
Of course they say the fourth in July was a holiday.
We got 534.
People were busy getting drunk and blowing their hands off of the fireworks yesterday.
Here's the poll at George Han, which is a Charlie B poll I'd take it.
No, some other...
Also the fact that...
Yes.
Some other duty box.
One time in a QM employer, first and only, is most likely ever to go post a lot of words.
Kill some people, go crazy.
BAAA!
Like that.
284, George Rodriguez wins the entry.
It's very rare.
That's great.
I'm George.
One second.
56, boy, if Hank sits on you man, you're toast.
Oh, sorry.
You think can you envision that Hank sitting on toast?
So they went up a little bit in the morning, but midday and afternoons, we kicked some very nice ass.
And of course, keep in mind, this is many, team plus, 2554, we're generally a point in a half to two points higher.
You're the person on 2554, right, so that you can get the female numbers and all that extrapolate it.
Right.
Okay.
On its way.
Why aren't you sending it?
Right now.
Why is it good?
It ought to be pretty damn good.
I ain't even looking at it.
Okay, don't need it.
Don't look at it.
Just send it to me and I'll explain that.
That's right.
Thank you.
Kip Boakamp were a third, 21.
Well, he's too busy checking out guys having sex in public tea rooms and eating bull balls.
Boakamp Ryan, 20, chicken neck.
Well, none that he's got made his piece with the Jolly S, fat ass Joe, I guess everything's kosher now.
The Araguer 17, tied with Freaky Carlo 17, that's because we're both gay.
Although he's a little bit more flamboyant than I am. You'd have to admit that.
A little?
Just a, that's why I said it.
Freaky Carlo, she's just a little bit more flamboyant and the bitchy queen.
Mad Dog had 15.
Oh, right.
Joel Bell, Jolly Joe had a dozen.
Chief Engineer George Corso, 10, the beast had a 10.
Allison Turner 9.
Now, why would they say that about Allison?
She's a, she works for Hank.
What do you mean she works for Hank?
She's a producer.
She's the producer for the hanker?
Allison?
Yes.
Get out of here.
All right.
The big O who's really rock solid, had eight.
Duff had seven.
Oh boy.
Robert Creeper, that's the Lord of the Board, Robert Creeper, the Grim Reaper, Lord of the Board.
He had seven.
Toast four, Kenny Walker four.
See that toast and Kenny Walker, they're like tied at the hip.
At the lip, Triton Stevenson's tree and the Roli from the Purpose Department had two.
I have no idea why.
Because we have nothing, we have no promotions.
And then Stefan Engineering, Jesse Agler and Chris, our own Chris Whirlin had the big Novo.
Oh, that's a bad one.
They have the bad one.
They only knew Chris.
Yeah, Chris could lose it any second from what George tells him.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right, Jesse Agler's looking at Magic because this is the first indication after Ricky Tick key hung it up.
And he's probablyozhe are listening right now.
Although he's probably got his connections.
You know he probably doesn't need me to get the numbers.
Ricky Ticky, let's see.
WMXJ Magic.
They went actually up a tenth of a point.
That's not a reflection on you, Ricky.
That's just, you know, about flat.
They had a two five in line stern, a two six in this one.
So it's about in the same ballpark.
Not great.
But that's 18 plus.
which includes all the old parts like me.
So let's look at today's poll then we'll digest all of this.
Hazarai.
Hazarai.
544 votes on today's poll.
That's not too bad for the fifth of July.
This by the way would have been my mother's birthday.
How many years ago did she die?
Two or three.
Two?
Two?
That's can be.
I know it's embarrassing that I have to ask you.
I mean I should not.
I should not let her know.
Two years ago, right?
She would have been 90 or three today.
Okay.
But she's dead.
So she's, well I mean she's aging.
Do you still age when you're dead?
Not in the same way.
No, not quite in the same way.
Although I guess they call it aging.
Rodding is at the word you're talking about.
Rodding.
Rodding.
Oh, decomposing.
Wow.
That sounds really tasteful, juror.
She's decomposing.
How's your mind, Neil?
Oh, she's decomposing.
I mean some people write some beautiful music they compose and some people decompose.
That's a Beethoven did after he died.
547 votes on a pull in Mozart and all these others.
547.
What's your favorite, who's your favorite fat entertainer of all time?
Now we didn't put me on there because I'm not, I'm not that fat.
I'm 184 by the way.
Still, I didn't lose anymore.
I knew it.
My blood sugar is great.
And today is my two week anniversary of no sugar, no crap, no cake, no ice cream, no
candy, no nothing, no crap for two weeks.
And people are going to say, well two weeks, what's the big deal with that?
Well, it's just, I don't know.
I'm not saying I'm never again going to win dolls.
Once I get my weight and my sugar under, you know, great control, I'll have to have
like a day of the splurge, okay?
If you give me permission.
No.
No.
Now I don't mean anytime soon.
Who's your favorite fat entertainer of all time?
Jackie Gleason 96, we don't agree with that.
Do I?
I don't.
We got a good race going on.
John Baluchie 88, John Candy 78, all three of those got a shot.
Chris Farley 49, Marlon Brando 25, WC Fields 22, Dom Delowy, she's got 20.
Notorious B.I.G.s got 18, Ron Jeremy 15.
Oh my God, entertainer.
Oh, meet low 15, Aretha Franklin 15, Eurethra, Rosie O'Donnell 14, Erson Wells 14, Oliver
Hardy from Laurel and Hardy 13, divine 12.
Jack Black, I have no idea who that is, got eight.
Who's Jack Black?
This guy.
Luciano Pavarotti 7, Sam Kineshin 6, Roseanne 6, Luther Van Russ 6, Raymond Burst 5, a lot
of dead people on here.
Mama Cas 5, she's still dead, she's decomposing, John Goodman 5, Queen Latifah 2, Ricky Lake
1, Mel Carter 1, Louis Anderson 1, and no votes yet for Murg Griffin, the obnoxious disgusting
Christy Alley Cachydow, that bitch, Jennifer Hudson or Cameron Mannheim have all got the
big old.
Person is this now you may have heard, Paris Elton out of jail.
Paris Elton is out of jail.
The Elton says the first thing she'll do when she gets out of jail is have a big meal.
Paris is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
What could be more important than that?
Am I right?
Looks like we had a pretty good deal in May.
We were all right.
Looks like we have about a six from 10 to three in 2554 is what I can excrap late because
we don't know because they only give us in the trans persons rather than men and women
individual stuff like that.
All of these things.
All of these things.
That's what I'm excrepleating.
People are probably getting aggravated because you know when are you going to actually give
something out?
Well, we'll see.
When we know something.
And in the morning actually went up they had about a four in men in the morning.
Boy, just when that show was really catching out with all those stories about both testicles
and guys did it on each other in the public tea rooms.
Just when they really were starting to get into the real meat to the matter, well they
thought it was meat but it was bowl balls.
And then it turned out that the guy he emailed him when that funny story about the bowl
won.
Do you hear that?
No.
You were paying any attention to what?
Shame on the morning show?
Yeah.
Now what was that kind of a shot at your good buddies Kenny and both?
No, no, no.
We all know where we all stand.
Okay.
Let's see.
I'm trying to, I'm just trying to keep these organized because if you could see how
much where you know how much because you're sending it to me.
Great.
Some stapling all the groups together, the day parts, the gay parts, the, whatever.
How about the afternoon?
How do we do, let's say three to seven?
I'll tell you momentarily because certainly many team plus maybe a lot of old users will
listen, maybe the racetrack crowd.
I don't see a somewhere.
Are we?
Did you like to leave a page out or something here?
I sent you everything we got.
Well, where the hell is QIM in the afternoon?
Because they had that big number in many team plus.
Which day parts, the old one, 2554 was not like great.
Oh, there we are.
Two five to a two eight.
Time for 16th in the previous trend and time for 16th in this one.
And what about the cross the street?
That means they had in men about a five, four, five, five.
That's a good number.
Sure.
Cross the street, they had a from a one nine to a two three, which means they had about
a four or five.
So I'm telling you, Daniel Abashadvoid, you better start picking your act up again,
man.
Too many funny, my space friends.
Too many make believe this one and make believe two gods and make believe Hank Goldberg
and make believe you know, make believe audience, I guess.
Now do I have everything I need to think so I can go through all of this crap?
As far as I know, see you're going to be sending me the nighttime crap.
I'm sorry.
I mean, we can't.
No, once we get out of that panther, they can't be the stack and I just stuck it right
in the machine.
The hand you a stack?
Yeah.
A paper.
It's a short stack like we used to get from Duncan donuts, the whole room of those days,
sure when they used to like us.
A lot of people used to like us.
Now they hate us like poison, like that.
I don't know why.
What do we do to them?
I don't know.
Just because I said that it sucked that they only showed up when they felt like, well,
what was it?
There was something going on there.
I better not say it because maybe they're going to advertise, maybe they're going to spend
some money.
They might.
Okay, here we go.
I doubt it.
Many team plus overall, this is the entire week in the entire South Florida market, such
as it is.
It blows WCMQFAM, a North speaking English Aki, 5.9 and they're still number one.
They're always number one, or at least for the last several of months, many months.
WLV, love 94, 4.8 and many team plus.
Get out of here from fourth to second.
Does anybody believe that?
Anybody know anybody who listens to love 94?
Get out of here.
Radio Mambe, also North speaking English, they took a drop, 5.4 to 4.7.
But maybe that's why we might back up some people who actually speak English got
die a reason this month in May.
I like that.
Oh yeah.
Hot 105 went from a 3.8, from seventh to all the way up to fourth with a 4.6.
I'm not going to read all these.
All I could, that would really kill some good time and kill the audience too, just when
we were making a nice comeback.
What do people want to know?
Overall WQM went from a 2.8 to a 3.6, tied to 14th in the previous trend, tied for eighth
in this one.
Nice.
And across the street, let's see, magic, 2.8 to a 3.3, they went up.
Uh oh.
Sorry Ricky.
Maybe it was that camp.
You think that's what it was?
W-I-O-D went from a 3.2 to a 3.2, they're consistent, they're flat.
They're flat.
And Waxi went from a 2.1 to a 2.4 in the morning in the men 18 plus.
So what did our guys have?
What did I say?
I forgot.
Where are they?
Over there.
They're a danger they are.
Second.
Oh they're there, 3.6 so they kicked ass.
They kicked some serious ass.
And now of course we're getting rid of them and we're bringing over the guy who's asked
they kicked, but that's just a joke.
I know, this is overall, that wasn't morning, that's overall.
Why don't you correct me on that, George?
I made a bad mistake there.
No, no, man.
Not me.
What?
I'm not going to crack you about.
What?
Oh, I told myself I'd joke I never heard before.
Here's the morning number.
I mean, I knew that they couldn't have done that.
That would have been.
A lot of bull.
Howell 105 is number one in the morning with a six share.
Howell 105?
Boy, some dark folks got diaries here.
Now, the white people listen to Howell 105 or EDR, I guess, kids, right?
Punx?
Okay, sure.
No?
I don't know.
Where's the hip, where they hip-hopping it, baby?
I don't know.
Big was number two and the morning.
They dropped from first.
That's Paul and ancient Ron.
And this is part of the experiment that they were going on from 530 until what?
Midnight or something like that with their expanded hours and they dropped and we kicked
ass.
Wow.
Well, what the hell did we have?
We had what we had the same number, but nevertheless.
They dropped from a six in the previous training.
Number one, down to 532 and number two.
And this one, they're doing number two over there.
I guarantee you that.
Paul and ancient Ron, with that steel material.
Our audio mom being was third.
This is in the morning.
Well, I don't want to read all these.
Why, once you stop me from doing this?
Nope.
IOD had one from a 332, a 331, kind of flat.
They always, look at the last several trends on there in IOD 333, 343.1, 3332, 3331.
Wow.
Consistencies, the hallmark of their morning swill.
What do they have on?
Do they do news in the morning?
They have the amount farting in the morning or something.
What do they have on the air?
An advanced station that's turned into, you know?
How scary America?
Do they show up at all on here?
W-I-N-C?
They're not doing well.
Q-I-N in the morning was right on IOD's ass.
They had a 331.
We had a 3.0.
Oh, that's because our guys are really finally starting to catch on now that we decided
to get rid of them.
And then Waxi was right on their ass.
That's the little dog 2.9.
So that's almost even the student.
3029.
Anybody else we care about in the morning?
Well, I said magic.
I already gave you that.
Midday, here we go.
That's us.
CMQ FAMA number one.
On there, always number one, many team plus because they got a lot of old, old, no speaking
game.
They got the domino part crowd.
Thank God.
Take away that from their audience and what they got left.
Anyway, they got the midday at 6.9.
It's down a precipitous amount.
They had a bad May, baby.
Bad May.
8.1 to 6.
Now, but they're still number one.
Love 94 is second with a 5.
Now, well, what's with love 94?
What is that all about?
What men, they've gone from 6 to 5th to 7th to 3rd to 2nd.
Oh, gay men.
Listen to love 94.
I see.
A radio mom B53.
6.3.
Down to 5.4.
They dropped almost a point.
QAM.
We went from a 4.1 in the last run to a 5.3 in this one.
Number four.
And that's many team plus 10 to 3.
We're not going to have that much of an advantage dropping the 2 to 3 hour because they
had a 5 share in the afternoon.
See what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't know.
Life.
Life.
Oh, my God.
You show me a guy under the age of 100 who listens to life and I'll share somebody who
would say, I have no right.
Big 4.6.
4.6.
They're flat.
IOD from a 4.5 to a 4.6.
Nice going over there.
Whatever you put.
What do they have on midday?
Oh, rush.
We had a 5.3 and rush in the other midday.
Cranpet a 4.6.
So online, little Tommy.
Somebody out of town, Rodgers, even when I've still stuff.
He's reading on the ear.
He beat the crap out of your guy, rush.
Tom, you little quizzling.
And then what are we looking for?
Or instead of the kid, they, and whatever else they had on a midday, they had a 2.0 over
there from a 1.6 to a 2.0.
Nice going across the street.
We had a 5.3.
They had a 2.0.
Very close.
And wins.
That's a scare America.
Went from a 2.5 down to a 1.9.
They're not doing it.
They do like about a 2 shares about all they're doing over there with that big fat signal.
Well, I could sure take that station and make it into something really big, you know,
like it used to be.
Really gigantic humongous.
Give me that station.
Give me that frequency.
50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial at 9.40.
And leave it to those butchers, those grave robbers at Cheap Channel, to destroy it.
Afternoons, look at this.
This is amazing.
QAM and 11.94 are tied for first with a 5.0.
Oh!
Big 49.
Now how about the crosses street?
See, when I say crosses street, people want to wall and say, well, that's the ticket.
That's $790.
We had a 5.0.
They had a 2.0.
The tire kingdom is what you're talking about.
Yeah, the tire and the animal hospital over there crosses street.
Oh, no, the tire place where I want to name Brook Daniels got hired by PD Bulger over
there.
He let her a tire.
One million pounds for me to walk the city.
He's out.
Oh, there she is.
Making a big comeback.
Well, what a cow.
Am I going to play this thing or what?
Did I knock it down off the line?
More breaking news now on the Paris-Hilton developments today.
Paris can't wait to get out.
She wants normal food and Paris is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
That's really fascinating.
Yes, the movie.
Oh, that is so cool.
You're all fixed.
Is it amazing?
It's really fascinating.
Back to you.
I got to play that other one again when I played in the last movie.
I'm going to play the movie.
Prison is this hour you may have heard.
Paris-Hilton out of jail.
Paris-Hilton is out of jail.
I'm going to play the movie.
I'm going to play the movie.
The film says the first thing she'll do when she gets out of jail is have a bit of
eel.
Paris is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
That's not just the Paris-Hilton's strongness for these numbers, man.
We all have a sudden American big comeback.
How do you like that?
Jolly Jovelle sends me a fat ass Jolly Jovelle, our general man.
He sends me an email here that says, Waxy, that's the ticket to cross the street, the
losers, the bad guys, the evil doers, the Nerdu Wells.
Waxy extrapolated 2.1 for the month of May while we had a 4.1.
They're like that double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double, double,
I just wanted to hear it stuff.
I also wanted to hear it stuff.
Well anyway, in a morning, 2554 persons, which basically, you know my form today,
know how I do it.
On our station and across this way, since there is sports stations, we have
almost no controllable female audience, I just double the number, and then I subtract
a couple of, tense of a point, okay?
To get the men 2554, because in the trend, you can't break it down in a minute.
It just persons 2554, which is men and women, of which we have no women,
in the area of Crosso.
Number one in that, in a morning, is of audio,
I'm more oh my god. They dropped there from a 740 with 6.6 share
Presipitously hot 105 is second m. I b men in black history. I look can't what is this demographic wow
big
Drop from third to fourth. Oh boy 590 with 560 not good poly
Not good
CMQ FAM a see when they went on put them on for 14 hours a day
They're gonna like you know shoot their bolt in no time at all. I think they're gonna shoot their bolt
Radio hitmo life
Why 100 what why 100? I'm not really sure that's what it is gotta be H. Why there's no other because it's chopped off on my page because somebody did a bad job of
Thanks to me
Let's see about the sports stations here in a morning persons 2554
Q a.m. A 2.1 which means if you double it about a four-sharing men those guys were really catching on like wildfire
not and
Waxie a 2.0 so like even Stephen just about
And what do you think you think they were catching on oh, I don't want to put you on the spot what spot?
Then in midday 10 to three life is number one with a 6.9 share persons 2554 and you want to know why because that's like everybody
Everybody who works in an office. You know like in doctors offices and dentists offices
They have life on in the like music in the background. It's always been like that
Radio amor is number two
CMQ F.A. M.A.
Where the hell are we run a second page I think
Yes, we are but we went from a 2.6 in the previous month to a 3.1
Time for 11th but that again is men and women if you double and take away that's about a six-year
Men 2554 that's not bad at all that puts us in the running if we have a good who you'll actually get back on top again
Would that be something to be on top or you can't say that we're gonna get joy if I say on top because it has some sexual
undertones or overtones
IOD 2.6 out of a 2.1 good hubman dread Waxie 1.6 to a 1.9
So that gives them about a 3.6.3.7 and what do I say we have about a 6.
They're not competitive in there and of course now that they're big superstars from New York is on in the morning now
They're gonna drop like a gigantic boulder from the top of the imparst from the top of the Chrysler building
You know, you know, now that there's no more world trade center and I thought I ever really like those buildings that much anyway
My favorite New York building is the Chrysler building and nobody ever talks about me too. I agree. Good choice. It's beautiful building
Yes, it is W.I.N.Z. scary America in mid-day's got a 0.6 they dropped from a 1.2 they dropped in half
1.2 to a 0.6 when you got a home in front of your number man
You got Sirus baby even if you're a bunch of glam like they are they got Sirus
1.2 to a 0.6 in mid-day wow that is
scandalous
Whatever that means
And then amazing how I can take these numbers and make it into like something important which if for twice it is
It is especially the George because he needs the bonus money. Oh bad his life is a pile of manure
Yeah, I got a great manure store as a matter of fact you won't believe it. Okay. I'll get to it
And it's got nothing to do with me and my pantaloonies
3 to 7 in the afternoon first is 25 54 let's just get cut to the chase
Okay, and quote with all these other radio on more is number one with a seven share
I mean what is that anybody speaking in glaze listen to radio on more?
So Luis Miguel slush Q.A.M. in the afternoon 2.8
which gives us about a five four five five and men and
Across the street they got a two three which gives them about a four four four five and we got oh we kicked their ass
We that's mad dog in the Humper the thumper see just when some people were counting the thumper out and they're saying oh
They're not gonna redo his daily under here the Humper is legendary. Okay, so maybe he has been in a coma for last couple of years
But he's a legendary right?
Right if you wait 800 pounds you might be able to find a little hard to and of course they really screwed him up by putting him on the morning
There for however long I last
That was really a bad mistake one of so many a bad bad mistake and now you know he's recovering from him giving his oxygen back
Where did I see him? What was it on I saw him on something right yesterday?
Yes, and talking about the eating competition
Yeah, he was on summer was it about the eating competition get out of here. Oh, he actually was on air but talking about something
Wasn't about the eating company. No, he was he did a
Part about the Kony Island competition yesterday. Did he really I didn't see that I saw him on there about something else
But they should put his fat ass on there a lot and he's legendary man. He's a superstar
The Humper and of course the mad dog. He's say, you know
Pick him up from us. Just leave it alone leave it alone boys. Okay, leave it alone
Don't start poaching around again and try to move manage back and do this one
Just leave it alone make your move in the morning make your movement and then that's it
That's my suggestion that they're gonna pay any attention to me in fact because I said it
They'll do just the opposite just another spite although jolly Joe seems to be I don't know
Maybe he's coming around a little bit now that currencies on vacation. He doesn't have that bad influence from him
You had that meeting with the chicken heck with Boca Brian. They didn't give him a little bit of a raise and actually promised to pay him sometime this year and
sent me that very very nice
Generous information about the a monthlies
With that email moments ago. Maybe jolly Joe is finally returning his fat ass around you think maybe a hank the Humper
Maybe Hank put the fear of God in them. You know, I'm saying the fear of hell
That's the one six hundred thirteen votes on the poll today
Our goal is 800. Let's say. What do you think Chris?
What are we gonna do? I think we can do that and on the fifth of July that would be a real turkey feather in Chris's turkey
Now what a well, that's right. Very sorry. Does he still work there?
Yeah 10 56 and 5 65 W. Can well, he's still very still shows up there. I say work. That's that's a different category
In other words, does he still show up there every now and then yes, okay?
This is the Neil Roger show
What's all this?
Any questions?
Hide on NBC dating pandemonium and zoons when older gals compete against each other to date a younger guy on older gals
Who want a day to younger guy followed by younger guys who want a dead older gal
We have 23 year olds in program developments that have been in television for almost a year now
Bringing you caused effective entertainment tailored for your small mind
You just keep breathing down the road and you'll explore on your cell phones after bombs
We're general electric one of the world's largest depends contractors and we have business before the White House that cannot be disturbed
So you keep watching NBC on your dashboard as we bring good things to life and then kill them
What's a peacock man? He's blushed and 11 I wanted 5 60 WQM
Mad dogs on for an hour two to three so don't turn the radio off until the three o'clock
I mean don't turn it on until
We got tomorrow in pregame a three tomorrow's in the pod raise at 335
That sounds like a sacrilegious to me the pod raise. What kind of a name is that?
You ever think about that Chris? What kind of a name is that now that's one market
I just can't get into that who I've never been there. I hear it's a beautiful city. They have like a lot of a cement there
But I just
San Diego sports team the chargers the pod raise it just leaves me limp, you know
Yeah, I left out there in B18 and they're um hockey team
Speak a hockey anybody interested
Look at those all those numbers going back up at night out that the hockey months are dropping off
Remember I told you about that manure story? Yeah, he teased it. I didn't say crap now because you can't say that
No, certainly not here because then we'll get joist
Yes, from manure pit kills five on dairy farm. This is I'm not making this up
This is in Harrisonburg, Virginia
Deadly methane gas emanating from a dairy farm is manure pit killed five people including four members of a min and a
Family authority said now tell me about the minonights George you know about all these marginal offrinsure religious
Sure, they dress like Amish meaning plain that's what they call it, but they can use electricity and motorized vehicles and say listen to the radio
Yes, oh, we like them. However, they tend to separate themselves from the world at large
So they probably wouldn't be listening to this show
They would probably be listening to like weather forecast. Oh, what a bunch of manure that is farmers all men at kind of stuff
Oh, I see
Emergency workers speculate that after the first victim was overcome Monday the others climbed into the pit in a frantic rescue attempt
It was a domino effect with one person going in the second person going after them rocking M County Sheriff Don Farley said
When these fumes hit you take some matter of seconds and it's my guestamany said that these people were dead before they actually hit the floor
wow
I spelled some gas like that like it would buy him but never what I want a thousand bucks last night are you happy or proud of me or what
I'm so proud. I school in Yale. Thank you. I need it with all the people in the world. I support that's a way to take care of our money
Now you're on that bed right?
I learned job with everybody's money. I remember the quotes you laid on me so some damn it even naturally spent some of myself and I don't yeah
Some of them actually buy some clothes. Yeah, I hate to admit it. You know what all the trips I've been making into
Whales. What is it place? What's the place evercrombie in fits and what's the other one?
I don't know Nordstrom. It is with an age whole holester. Okay
And I first of all I don't belong in those stories. I look around. There's nobody else like over the age of 25
I don't belong in there like an old pervert which I am
And and I'm thinking to myself can I can I even envision buying clothes for myself in there and of course the answer is
Can you can you can you see me buy my clothes that have a crumbly in bitch? No, no, no
Even though you're gay enough there are some goods in there. I'd like to buy all right, but not on the rack
For all the identified the victims as it's got the names, but nobody cares
The accident began when Scotch Schuwalter tried to transfer manure from one small pit to a larger one measuring 20 by 20 feet 8 feet deep
Well, it must have been a lot of manure
The pipe that was transferring the manure became clogged and Schuwalter climbed in
Oh, no
He climbed into pits for the do something about the blockage
This was an activity this farmer's probably done a hundred times for all he said people have to go in and check their equipment
for for some reason the fumes hadn't left the pit this time
He climbed into that big pile of manure and just like when we came to QA and George remember that oh yeah
And it had that same kind of
Old perts, not like the devil
This is the first time in my 25 years of law enforcement
We've had this happen in a manure pit and then having to happen to five people just multiplies it that much more on the tragedy side of it for all he said
Emergency workers believe stoltzfus now where where where did that name just come from?
Well, that was one of the names of the other people have died. I said I didn't read those name because stoltzfus is a very common name among these people
I knew that I did not know there's a very famous
Harness driver Abe stoltzfus who was pretty damn good by the way bro would pop in a one year
Let's get back to Harness racing. He loves it as done to a zero
Stoltzfus
Emergency workers believe he climbed into the pit and attempt to rescue Schuwalter
Philish Schuwalter and the two girls rots side the milking barn heard the commotion then all went into the pit and succumbed to the gas
Oh, don't hop into a big pit of manure man as a lesson for all your kids out there don't hop into a pit of crap
Methane gas is an odorless and colorless byproduct of liquefied manure the pit was nearly enclosed and poorly vented
Farway said that that's were called in by another person on the farm who me declined to identify by the grace of God
That person didn't go under that pit the Lord told him don't get into crap too deep
The Schuwalter's who also had two younger daughters milked 103 cows on their farm west of Harrisonburg and Virginia's Shenandoah Valley
The array has a large concentration in the night who shunned most of the trappings of modern life
They shunned the trappings, but not the crappings. That was their downfall
It's a very tight community for the till the AP they'll be ministering to each other and counseling each other
It's very fortunate to have a very strong faith help them through this
For they said Schuwalter farm was a modern dairy operation their faith didn't the
There's a bad stench in there don't just go hop it in that's my suggestion to him. I mean you do what you like you know
Now how we doing over here Chris are you keeping an eye on this or you just don't care because it's holiday time
635 I think we got the 800 ligt on the 5th of July
I mean anybody who's going on vacation wouldn't you think that right now would be a peak time
I'm picking to the keyhole thing. Yeah, pick it this
Each at a campaign stop in Des Moines
Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden had some tough words for the president and 2 GOP presidential candidates
This guy is brain dead Biden said of bush
It listening of course a laughter from his audience known for his looks to the tongue Biden said I know I'll be quoted
I'll be killed for that
What's wrong with that in other words he had to apologize for it
He actually he's summoned the cajonis the bull balls to say this guy's brain dead and then he's like oh jeez
they heard it
Speaking of bushes decision to commute the sentence a scooter liby Biden said this is a guy who and who is on the balls of his
Here but there's a lot of talk about balls today, you know
This is a guy who's on the balls of his heels. Here's a guy who is lower in the polls than any president
Modern history and goes and he does something that just flies in the face of the sensibilities of American people
The outspoken senator didn't stop of the president singly out Rudy Giuliani
I can hardly wait to debate Rudy Giuliani and fees their nominee. He said because I'll eat his lunch
God what a thought that is not wanting to leave the other GOP from and around scathe Biden said of Mitt Romney
I found Romney statements yesterday profound crazy when he talked about going to work with Iran
Why are we talking about going to war with Iran? He asked
But you know what John McCain said bomb bomb bomb and nobody said because he is a John McCain isn't right
Certifiable. He's a crazy person
Well, they're like that. Oh, we already have a crazy person for president and vice president
So at least would be you know keep the the the shame of command going
The shame of command speaking of shame
Now what where did I uh oh here it is
Well, that's kind of amazing because this is an update and the story is just gonna read
Well, I'm I just sometimes amaze myself and sometimes I just amuse myself
Former and that's because I know what I'm talking about. I'm most of you don't that's why it's unlike Abe Stolz does you know
former vice president Al Gore said today
He's glad his son is safe and getting treatment a day after the 24 year was arrested in California
On suspicion of illegally possessing marriage a wee and prescription drugs that wacky weed baby. Oh my god
We love him very much. We're told the NBC today show adding we're gonna leave it as a private matter
Uh, that's not like he was the guy to know
What do you mean by that he had anything you might want
What are you talking about Gore's son?
He had anything you might want. Yeah, did the laundry list of uh things that he had
Oh, you read this already or you heard about all of the news yesterday he had a bunch of crap had a bunch of everything
What do we want he had in the crap pit could have told him not to speed when you're carrying all that uh, you know
Gore who appeared at NBC to publicize this weekend's live earth concerts all concerts also
We've been discussed politics. He called president versus decision to commute the purge of an obstruction of justice
And the former White House aid scooter liby disappointing
Wow again, we'd be carried away. Are we out disappointing and we had a way that he has no plans to run for president saying
I don't expect to be a candidate ever again. I've kind of fallen out of love with politics
For a city said the best use of his experiences to bring awareness and a sense of urgency the issue of climate change
Who were left when asked if he was ready to endorse a candidate for president
He said his evaluation would be based on what each decides to do about climate change
Some of them have made good positive statements, but uh, it's still free to the society issue
I'll predict for you that with the next 500 days the issue will be number one issue on the agenda with the next 500 days
Start counting now do the count down
Now let's see Albert Arnold Gore that's the Sun
And let's see and I was in the story about all the different the crappy head
He has to complete substance abuse counseling as part of a pre-traumatic program to settle marijuana position charge
What was all the other stuff he had he had marijuana he had zannex he had aterol he had uh, he had it all
Yeah, he did have it all. Yeah, he was fun at a party. I'll tell you what
Well
More than daddy. I'm sure that I'm getting there buddy. Don't speak
Daddy don't have like a party animal to me even though it did stick his tongue down tipper store
And you know this may be a backlash you know how kids are rebellious
This may be a backlash against tipper censoring all those are you know
Relabling all the music in the record stories remember that crap
Goody two shoes tipper-tipper canoe and a towel or two something like that
nasty hateful bitch
639 votes on award-winning pool and the numbers are pretty damn good. We're pretty pleased about that
Even fat jolly asked Joe seems to be pleased
And might not blow the hubbara out of the end of the year if he has any brains only in the banana republic baby only in Miami
This is i with this dude is the vice president hiding something apparently dick chain is defying a presidential order right now
The president of the united states is dishonest vice president dick chain he has ignored a presidential order
Because he says he's not fully part of the Bush administration the president and his administration
Hey our country and hate the liberties for which we stand chainy refuse to follow the rule the president of the united states
purposely misled the american people the vice president thinks he is above the law. I don't deny that
Chainy's actions could endanger national security. I don't want to get into that
Democrat hairy waxman accused chainy of trying to wipe out the office that tried to force the vice president to comply with the presidential order
I turned and shot at the oh probably ten people
The national archives has asked the attorney general to resolve the dispute but so far our virtue of Gonzalez has not intervened
I don't recall remembering a spokesperson for vice president says he's done nothing wrong and has not broken any law
I admitted the dick chain is and ass
And by the way, I don't want to correct our friends at hascom, but
Representative waxman from California. His first name is Henry not hairy. Did you know whatever? No
Wow, I don't want to step being a nose picker and a nid picker, but nevertheless yeah, it's 1117 and 560
WDQM we're kicking ass here especially these guys across the street the losers
And can you imagine when they lose the little dog and now that they got that goofball on in the morning? Oh wow
They're on a slide when you were a little kid. I'm sure you went down the slide every now and then what do you mean? What was a little kid?
Like last week yesterday
Everybody who ever was a little kid for some people you look at them and you think boy that person never could have been a little kid
You know that would be a good pull question. Yeah, but for can you imagine the hump was a little kid?
Difficulty imagining you as a little kid
Now why would you say that?
Well, it's not that you're not adorable or anything you know
Yeah
Oh, I forgot about being adorable
Let me go and go up in the mirror. Oh
Sure more Massachusetts. This is a grotesque story that somebody just facts to to us. Thank you so much
A sure born teenager was charged yesterday with having sex with sheep
At a farm near his home and police reports suggest the encounters may have gone on for nearly a year
Well, let me got you know close to them
Sure, yes, you'd have to get close to me if you're gonna have sex, but I mean you know I'm saying maybe got like a
Emotional affectionate sure Roger Henderson the tooth 18 was a reindeer today and native district court on charges of bst
Cruelty to animals and breaking and entering a connection with an incident police
They took place at Baggesto farm on June 27 now. Why is it like cruelty to animals? Maybe the sheep enjoyed it
I think it was a consensual act. Yeah, I believe so
In fact, maybe the sheep was the instigator that could be
According to a police report the farmers barn had been the target at least a dozen break ins between August 2006 and June
2007 prompting the property owner to install surveillance cameras between three and four a.m
On June 27 according to the police the camera captured in the film day person identified as Roger Henderson the tooth
The man grabbed the sheep by a tie legs and dragged in the corner the stall corner police
The man removed his clothes and appeared to have sexual license with the sheep
appeared to have I well, what does that mean appeared to have
After finishing the man put his pants back on and left the barn with his shirt in his hand according to the report the sheep refused to testify
I think it's yeah
Following his ramey yesterday
Henderson was released to the custody of his parents on conditioning state lease 30 yards
Away from the farm and animals in general
The teenage was also ordered to report immediately the lenders more high learned more
Hospital to continue current mental health treatment
A woman bogus to a farm yesterday shouted no comment to report as before later threatening to call the police no comments
She shouted it
Yesterday's proceedings took just ministers not guilty. Please read it on the three charges
And didn't require Henderson to appear in open court
prosecutors defensive attorneys and police met with judge Douglas started behind closed doors before agreeing to release the team to his parents
Following the proceeding Henderson left the court through a back door
Well, I guess he's got experience with that covering his face with a black t-shirt. He quickly was wished away the dark red Jeep Cherokee
This is from the
Sureborn daily news don't you like the fact that they give all these details like the color of the
Jeep that took them away and all I like another kind of stuff
Very well. What are you going to do when you're in like a little bum fork place like that in Massachusetts?
There are 646 votes. I'll say I sure miss Boston. I'll say that. What a great city
I miss Boston the way it was when I live there
You know how many years ago that is 46 years ago
Can't go back and you sure can't go back 46 years
But I sure miss it
Here's the poll as we as we sit
652 vote. Who's your favorite fat entertainer of all time
Jackie Gleason 161 15 and that's got to be because of the local angle when you think because he was you know the Miami Beach thing
Isn't it yes? Yes, it is
Not that I didn't like Jackie Gleason, but as you pointed out to me before the show he was pretty much
Oh, he was good in a couple of movies. What was the movie was in with Paul Newman the hustle is that it right?
I never saw it. It wasn't it wasn't like it was a great performance
He just showed up and played pool and he was like deadpan the whole time. He's just a fat guy fan pool
Yeah, he's fine. He's fine. He's certainly no Marlon Brando or he's no arc-hardening not that he's a huckabarland brando
Only have 29 votes that that makes a lot of vomit
And especially with this godfather intensive audience. What we're gonna crap is that right? I mean, you know what I think
Some are not a week
See even he can't believe it
Anyway, Jackie Gleason 115 John Baluchia 100. That's so we got a really good horse race and also John Candy's in the running with 95 after that
It's a big drop-off
Chris Farley 57 Marlon Brando a solementary of 18. No, heavy. That's bad
29
WC fields 27
Don Delewese 23 Don Delewese of course not only fatso but made all those great
Smoky and abandoned movies with his boyfriend with vert Reynolds
horrible
Ron Jeremy 21 and 21 he made a lot of bad movies too
Notory and you want to know why they were bad?
Why because he was an aah
Notory SBIG 20 meatloaf 19 you read through a Franklin 16 Sam Kirsten 15 Rosio Donald 15
Rosio Donald oh my god orson welles 15 Oliver Hardy from Laurel and Hardy 15
Divine 14 I forgot all about that child at least I'm trying
Rosanne 9 Luciano Pavarote 8 Jack Black. Now did you tell me who Jack Black was?
I didn't he was in King Kong. He's been in a lot of movies. He's eight. Okay
He ate me eight and that's how I got started comic duo in verse seven
And you know most still can't believe that Raymond Burr was eight. Oh, he just said that
I think that said him back
He was never the same again after he heard that mama cast six she did not choke on the sandwich by the way
That's just a faux bros you know right one of those urban legends folks music lore
Mm-hmm
She's a decomposing now Luther Van Ross six that was bad what you said about my mom
John Goodman
I'm sure she's laughing
Yeah from the sky you're a real panic
John Goodman six queen Latifah 2 I was I was gonna say I can't remember what she liked you or not
But then she didn't like anybody so probably not I thought she was a pit
Queen Latifah 2 Ricky Lake 1 Nell Carter won Louis Anderson one who did a hell of a job on it the
Family feud. Oh boy. He was so bad
Kristie Ali finally got a vote and no votes from her griffin Jennifer Hudson or Cameron manheim who I never heard of
656 votes
I think we we can shoot through a 900
My crazy Chris or what
You're always crazy. Well, I know that we need another 240 for 900
That would be several feathers in your butt that would be a whole like a bunch of chicken feathers
Oh be good by the way the numbers we thank you by the way if you get those diaries make sure you're really loyal to us
We need all the help we can get we're up against the ruff against joys
We're up against fat ass jolly joe it would have been nice to be would have given me the extrapolations for like other data for the day parts
You know
But he don't want to do that
Why did he do that? I can probably do that myself. Let me just one moment please
Ah jeez
Oh, I don't think so what I do what's that nice sound there. I do like that. Where did that come from? I don't know your blackberry
Oh, that is my blackberry right. I thought you were doing that. No. I wish I could do that. Oh
Oh very the professor he says you don't like Ron Jeremy. I thought that would be right up your alley
Right now all the people I've ever been in my life. This is the most anal
person I have ever he's like obsessed
Obsessed what an ass
He ain't getting anywhere near my alley. I'll tell you that even if I went bowling
Anyway now what was I just looking for?
Well, I think I can do it. I think I can do it now. What do we have we had a five three? Okay, that's a 15.9 for three months
That's really bad because that was really nasty get out of my ass
six point six
Holy cow. Can this be right?
That can't be right. Can it oh no, that's in the morning. Oh, I'm sorry. It's not right
But that would have been that would have been a real feather
15.9 and we had a nice so we had a six-nine in many team plus in the May we had a nice big fat one and a month too
Aren't you pleased about that that means we could have had like an eighth in 24 hours happy
Well, you want to be because it it means possible
Bonus money with you eat desperately to survive to keep going that's right importing that you'll be gotten a family of you. That's right
Right up my alley how Ron Jeremy. So what as long as I live what a no longer I live
I'll never forget that day that your close personal friend Al Goldstein
brought him in and I also I'm a fat Jew. I'll also never forget the the
Fawning and the
Historia in the building among some people including some of the ladies in the building who thought that he was just the cast me out
You know that's one thing I will tell you
Leave it to a queen gay leave it to a gay guy ordinarily. We can recognize a good-looking guy
I imagine yeah, but straight women. I told you the rule. Huh? I told you the rule. What is that they've ever seen?
How's that they're famous and they've been on television or the movie? It's like they could be convicted criminal
They've seen their face on a wanted poster at the post office or at the police station. That's a hot yeah, yeah, yeah like Ron Jeremy doesn't matter
So so fat he had fat on top of his fat, okay?
You talk about Lakasha Fools, baby
He was in and in very in sense though. I said that it was fat and gross and hairy and disgusting and looking
Oh, gee. What are you talking about go look at a mirror fancy for Neil? God?
Oh
I'm more on terrorism than what they say
To get away with having everything their way
No, but it has attention through their busy little dead while our leadership has gone insane
And till you know
What we are paid to build a bomb that make your head of these games
They postponed the project when the word got out about a bomb that turns a fuck whole ground
Yeah, come yeah, come show them all the way by making them want to build them all the way
It's time to walk you need a different kind of soul
Yeah
There's soldiers into the back
Trading their machine gun for a product back
A manly way to fight let's hit my sergeant days tonight
driven by still dating
The after-going officials had a great idea
Let's show to the world
Who's a boss in here
Yes, I turn in everybody
Queer
Game bomb game bomb
Game left with each of us
They can walk in prince marines and game their balls
Game bomb game bomb
What's permanent do
If they drop a game bomb over you
I will
Then you will see
You will see
You will see
1133 27 on the 560 boy sure saw a lot better than I did Tuesday which goes to show you if you have it like at least a three-hour sleep
But can't hurt right there's 170 and post on the full now
I do want to say this because I'm getting cramped here about this run Jeremy business
There are a lot of people I've experienced this all my life and believe me both heterosexual
Homosexual non-sexual asexual sheepbuggers
Yeah, but there are people who think that because somebody has a large body part right that
Automatically makes them see there goes that thing again attractive interesting like the fact that I have that on extra loud now
Yeah, that looks great put it right up to the mic
Star Jones that would you have touched our Jones before are you kidding me not with a stick wow
Well, you could stick it though anyway
The professor said well, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna read it's too embarrassing even for him
But people and like I responded him Rosie O'Donnell's probably got a huge set of boobs
Is there anybody out there any
heterosexual is there anybody anywhere that we want to touch that good God I would all my you wouldn't you wouldn't touch her with my hands
No and believe you well
I'd rather croak before my hands getting anywhere near that cow just to gross you out
I would touch her with your hands. Would you really just to watch a scream just the thought of it grosses me out
And there are various people in the game like John Holmes for example, okay now he was only known basically for one thing
Mm-hmm and it was a young and not because of any talent of his own just because of a look of nature
I'm looking at I mean he was
Elephant team did that make him attractive or interesting. Oh
The term is size queen
Or size freak I guess if you're not a queen you can just do a size thing and then there's a lot of heterosexual guys
We need a big boobs and get all excited about the boobs, you know
But doesn't it doesn't make a difference what they're attached to?
Mm-hmm. Yeah big difference all the difference. Well, I mean, it's never to solve about what I mean if you just want to take
Body parts and just cut them off, you know, oh look at here's a nice set of
And then I'm not a taxi anybody that might be you know nice companion
But good golly Miss Molly these size queens that are into these elephantine organs and members and think
685 hosts and of course to actually sit across the corridor down there from Ron Jeremy to be our close-in personal
And to be able to see the hair on top of his hair
Wow, that was more than I could handle
Speaking of that. Well, what a great segue a male this is from the Toronto star
A male teacher made derogatory comments about a female colleague's chest and allegedly threatened other teachers and students
They disciplinary panel the Ontario College of Teachers or yesterday in Toronto
But to fence attorney David Blooms said the testimony was inconsistent and misleading
We can fable a former teacher at St Anne Catholic High School and to come see near Windsor Ontario faces six council professional misconduct
Fable the Nigerian's F from 1997 to 2002 he arranged other teachers threatened students with violence and made
Sexiously suggestive comments and class. Well, by the way a Brandon wants us to have Richard Castellano on the pole
And like I told him nobody will know who that is so in parentheses put a Clementsa. Okay, can we do that? Can we arrange that?
We can't get a vote for Marlon Brando and Clementsa is gonna get a number
Are you are you not can Clementsa again? I love Clementsa. What are you talking about now? What's that one?
What's that one drop in and you're always insistent? It's Tessio. What is that? Oh, I don't always I used to what is it?
Look at Brasley sleep to the fishes. Ah, are you sure that?
Looked like Brasley sleeps with the fishes. Yeah, and of course obviously Clements. You know, I know it's Tessio
You you need a lot of brushing up to do on your godfather. You better go like this story are we adding that on their
Richard Castellano right now?
So I can get the Brandon off my ass everybody seems to be attracted to my fat ass this morning
That seems to be the center of everyone's attention and I'm delighted that I could stick my ass in your face
Anyway, Melissa tell you a former teacher at this school Ontario College of Teachers
Seven two thousand one in a gymnasium full of students writing a test
Fable told her with boobs and it doesn't say boobs. It's got the t-word. But I'm not going to read it with boobs that size. You make a horrible mother
Boom however read a loud testimony given by tell yours colleague another witness who taught at the school
Marissa La Parre contradicting fables alleged remarks
During cross examination tell you said La Parre's testimony was incorrect
According La Parre's testimony fable told students you don't have to listen to her. She has no boobs
Bloom said and again the t-word is used here. I know I can say teats, but that would be really bad
Can I say that? Well, that's it. How?
Bloom then I well maybe it is. Bloom then asked tell you if she told fables exact comments that the college's lawyers
Jane Langford and her to have a Meredith to which tell you reply she did not
It's an embarrassing story. Why would I keep telling it over and over again? She said
Tell you also said she did not send a document related to a student's complaint that fable allegedly made a threatening remark to the student whom he caught in
Incomplete uniform
But Bloom showed the signed document yesterday another testimony social justice and religion teacher
Mary Beth McDougall said the principal and vice principal at the time did not act upon her complaint a professional misconduct against fable
He tells a lot of fables
McDougall said fable treated students in a the meaning way and that his behavior made her afraid of him
McDougall told the panel that fable regularly viewed images of army tanks weapons and guns in between classes
I was talking about the amount of people who could be killed with these new weapons
Bloom said fable as an interest in military history
Bloom added that McDougall's references to allegations from other students were merely second-hand information and part of this linch mob
Asking the comment to be sticking from the record the panel decided against it, but added a cautionary note
A guidance counselor also tests to find she was physically threatened by fable whenever reported affairs to the police
The hearing to determine fable's future is teacher is going on today. Maybe now as we speak
Now what's that line again about with moves that size to make a horrible mother
Hmm
And you don't have to listen to her because she has no boobs lots of it stuff like that
Maybe he was a boob
But then again if she had large boobs we can like slice him off and you know put him on a plate and everybody's in a lovely breast
See to me. I mean call me crazy if you want but to me
Body parts are only a significant matter how lovely they may be or large they may be and I don't think that
Large breasts under discussing cow like Rosie O'Donnell for example
I don't think you would assume that she has voluptuous breasts
Oh, that's correct
Wow so stop and tinder that for a moment or two. Okay, while we do some very important
God is that thing real
He said honey got honey
Oh, when you take them back into the driver
Oh my god
Most
She knew how to make the bulb inside
That's the secret shower in the house
Who would need to stick my tongue on the power?
What the hell?
Hey, what the hell?
That's the thing?
What the hell?
Crap!
Crap!
So speaking of Clemenza, who doesn't have any votes?
Paulie wants to hear him no more.
There's another one.
You wouldn't know now if Clemenza was right?
That was Clemenza.
I remember that in the movie.
Like the other one, it just sounded like fish to me.
No, it did not.
It was a fish.
I see that.
That's right.
Don't eat so.
Marlon Brando has got three more votes.
He's not doing well.
What do you think the reason is for that?
I don't know.
Is that because he wasn't funny?
Because all the top four, he never see his version of beauty in the bounty, he'll crack you up.
All the four above him are comedians.
Releasing Belushi King.
And WC Fields below him and Don Delewee's.
Ron Jeremy, he's pretty funny.
Oh my God, I still am ready to swoon at the idea that there's anybody who thinks that he is in any way sexual.
I mean, just the thought of it is so grotesque and nauseating, just like him.
13 to noom, but then again, like I said, to be up close in person, and so right across,
and see the hair growing out of follicles that haven't been invented yet.
Doug Thompson is not too happy with the Keith Obermann, by the way.
He says Edward R. Moro would be ashamed.
Can I read this now or would Tom Dickie get upset?
Because here it is, it's almost noon and other than the story about the manure and the menonites.
Well, Tom is right.
He says, well, Roger's has read a lot of manure on here.
That's right.
All the crap all the time, little Tommy.
That's what this shows all about.
And the amazing part of it is we're kicking ass.
Since everybody's after my ass today, we're kicking ass.
Aren't you pretty damn pleased?
I'm a happier.
And let me just take a look.
And let me go back in my drawers.
I mean, and see those extrapolations again on the month.
See, if we had a program director who was actually there once in a while and was paying attention to this,
I would have like more updated stuff.
But I figured out myself, which we always do a pretty good job of that.
What did I say we had in May, six-nine, in May 18 plus?
That is awesome.
That means we're back.
That's the biggest number we've had in a...
Age.
I don't want to say the coons age because we don't know what that means.
And then both can't put the lawn here.
Oh, do you hear Neo Rogers was using the seawort again yesterday?
He's like, oh, can he?
That's really bad.
And we're really kicking ass and they're going to replace us because of Neo.
Yeah, I got a lot to do with it.
But you know, I'm the one that's going to take the...you know that.
That we stick in needles in...
Pins and voodoo dolls of Neo Rogers.
Too bad.
We had a six-nine, what was that looking for?
Oh, that's right.
We're going to be dropping off.
When the book comes out, we're dropping off March had only a four.
We went from a four-point, 0 to a five-point, 0 to a six-point, 9.
So if June hangs on, hang on, Slupy.
Slupy hang on.
Wasn't that the McCoy's did that?
Yes, indeed.
Isn't the diverse mass the McCoy's.
Maybe we'll have the real McCoy when Neo book comes out.
And we actually have some bonus money in it.
Wouldn't that be a hell of a comeback?
And sweat of the spectacular job of attempting to sabotage us.
The Joyce is done.
And Fat Asralli, Jolly Joe, and all these other dark Thompson says,
at least once a day, some reader passes on a link to a Keith Overture
and commentary about George W. Bush.
Overture hosts Countdown on MSNBC, a fast-paced hour that is part news,
part tabloid, part entertainment of night, and a lot of his outsized ego.
This is an Overture first venture into broadcast news,
a former sportscaster for ESPN and Picsman for Boston Chicken.
He tried anchoring a so-called news show also with MSNBC during the Clinton years,
hosting a lightly talk-fest focusing on the Monica Lewinsky debacle,
then quit declaring news out of touch with reality,
and returned to sports joining Fox.
Now he's back this time targeting the many failings of the Bush administration,
along with almost-nightly Jams at Ex-employer Fox,
ratings rival Bill O'Reilly, while delivering nauseating doses of tabloid trash
about Persehilton, Britney Spears, American Idol, and all.
Over the most buzzes generated by his commentaries,
long-ravelling tie-rates against the four bulls of the current administration,
accentuated with carefully edited video and enough hyperbole to bring his smile
to any carnival-barker's face.
Overman is entertaining, his commentaries are sometimes spot-on
in putting out Bush's many shortcomings,
but he is, for the most part, a caricature of Howard Beale,
the mad prophet of the airwaves in the movie Network,
and a show proves that the movie is premise that news is more entertainment than substance
and more hype than reality.
I always liked Doug Thompson, but now-
I'm mad at hell!
I just think I think that's anymore!
Now that he mentioned Howard Beale, I just love him, you know?
Not as much as Ron Jeremy,
but again, he probably doesn't have the equipment that Ron does.
Countdown features what all men's produces,
rank is the top five stories of the day, and we are the only two or,
on rare occasions, three of the stories my qualifies news.
The rest are mostly entertainment, tabloid trash,
but need a Britney Spears' sightings,
Persehilton's latest antics, or nauseating equation of American Idol's substance.
Intertwined is oddball, a collage of humorous video mostly from foreign countries.
Top newsmakers lifted from the wire services,
and worst person in the world, a spot normally reserved for Bill O'Reilly,
the Fox News buffoon, who despite sagging ratings,
still writes number one in the cable news time slot that Oberyn hopes someday to own.
Liberal's flock to Oberyn because he's an unabashed purveyor,
propaganda, signed into the left,
just as the rapid-right wing follow,
worse limbo, or Bill O'Reilly,
because they painted a conservative viewpoints.
But Oberyn is no less bombastic or any less sighted than his rivals.
He just represents the other side.
He's an unabashed liberal who wears his bias on the sleeves of his custom tailored suits in bias,
where the left or right conservative or liberal Republican or Democrat is still biased.
Liberal's claim that the vast wasteland of cable TV news needs overwhelming,
because he counter-balance is the right wing domination of the market by Fox.
When Fox News went on the air,
conservatives said the same thing, claiming they needed to right wing voice to counterbalance
what they saw as liberal control of the news.
When bias becomes the central focus of any news organization,
truth loses out, truth cannot coexist with bias,
and the public is never served by any operation that delivers news from a singular,
predetermined point of view.
It is not a coincidence that Oberyn came out of the sports broadcasting world.
Sports is an ideal breeding ground for the kind of hox tourism that political demagogues
like Oberyn and Limbaugh practice,
Limbaugh was once a baseball announcer.
I didn't know that did you?
Yes.
Politics, like sports, is more about height than substance,
and putting a sports announcer in the political host chair to call the play-by-play is a natural fit.
Sadly, with the Oberyns or Riley's Limbaugh's others of their expoone feet of gullible American public,
as not news or even solid information, it is partisan pap,
spiked with hyperbole and laced with entertainment enhanced glitz.
Oberyn ends each newscast with Good Night and Good Luck,
a sagitation stolen word from the late great newsman Edward R. Murrow,
Murrow liked the news that cable TV and broadcast networks on both sides of the political spectrum
so cheaply with their theatrics deserve is better.
Good night and Good Luck.
Yeah, why is he do that?
Why is that in such an obvious script?
Many throws the script you know with the camera,
who I used to like a lot, because he's a comedy pink or liberal like I am, but nevertheless.
And we gravitate toward those people who tell us, you know,
who we agree with whatever they say.
Well, when they turn out to be a back-stepping piece of churred like he is,
who got my Good Buddy Don Imas can.
And you know what I thought of Imas?
What?
Well, if you give me a second.
Oh, no, no, no.
Give me a half a second, I'll say.
I must be suffering.
Yeah, all the way to the hell of a pack of gum every day.
I mean, I did that. He was sitting there with a stupid 10 gallon head on
and snapped away on a gum.
I'm on my mom and mom.
And getting paid $7 million bucks a year and making them a lot of money.
See, that's what it really ought to be all about.
Not the fact that he said, nappy head at home.
How come I never got that dropped by the way?
Oh, you got it.
You got it.
You got it.
There it is.
Don't say that again or a mouth can't forget all of your ad-
You got that nappy head at home.
You got that nappy head at home.
You got that nappy head at home.
Look at a guy talking about seeing guys doing the deep in the tea rooms.
I think Kimba is singing out too much.
Those who have seen it.
It seems to me that his existence seems to center around the people's
tea rooms.
I think Ethan's going to story about Ethan's bad BM and how bad it smells.
Maybe if he get out of the toilet once in a while, Kimba would be good.
Get your hell out of the toilet.
750 votes.
Should I read the result here?
The whole thing that would be ponderous.
Just just the top few.
Now, how's Clemens it?
Do you get a vote here?
He got a vote.
That's probably branded.
Well, at least you put them on there.
Nice going, Chris.
That was very gentle.
Oh, you're welcome.
You're welcome.
Now, what does he say again?
Oh, I know what else he said.
He leaves it good.
Technic and holy.
He was so good.
And then, of course, look at Brass, he sleeps with the fishes.
Just the way he said, Brassie.
I mean, how could you not know who that was?
You need to watch the whole saga again this weekend.
Okay.
Your favorite fat entertainer of all time.
Jackie Gleason 131.
And away we go.
I think you're a little harsh on them.
No, no, I've seen the hustle like ten times.
I want to talk about the hustle.
I have the honey moons.
The honey moons.
The honey moons.
Yeah, I've seen them all the whole bunch of times.
Art Carney was funny.
Jackie Gleason was just there.
The argumento was funny.
Yeah?
Yeah?
And you're saying Jackie wasn't funny.
He was just no.
No, actually, no.
I can't remember a time that he made me laugh.
He was just the grumpy guy, you know, all surly and, you know, quick to anger and sourd push.
And then Art Carney would come in and make everybody laugh.
In the world, where black is white and white is black or white is white and black is black.
I want my baby back.
The vacuous children of Hollywood in another lapse of creativity bring you the honey moons.
It's not Amy's and Abby.
Don't say it's really Amy's and Abby.
It's an all black cast, followed with Langley and the footsteps of greatness.
That's not the bit I'm looking for.
What was the one about the...
She chopped off his penis.
What was that one?
Oh.
What was that penis?
No, no, don't.
It's that called.
It'll come to me.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Probably by way of Ron Jeremy.
Oh, boy.
Anyway, Jackie Gleason 131.
John Balushi, 107 and John Candy, 105.
106.
We got a really good 3-0 with 3-0 Hoss race.
Chris Fowler, 64 and poor Marlon Brando, he's still got only 33.
Can you swing it?
What is that called?
John and Lorraine have been in the trial.
Oh, John and Lorraine have been in.
Well, don't play it because it's his penis.
It beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Well, I've never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been doing the round days
today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way your brother would try to get it.
Now we've been keeping it shining and the dream is cold and the stars of the mercy.
I got the candle liquid cherry, yo.
No, baby.
Open the curtain and get it cherry cherry and be baby brutes.
No, baby.
Shiny little little little red edition, the Pacifician now so un-dounced out the road in a bit
that is super powy.
Now with the hossest off the big deal someday I'll get around the beach in the breeze.
I got 79, found bone cattle in a show looking fine now in my baby Cadillac.
Come, baby.
Open the curtain and get it cherry and be baby brutes.
Come, baby.
Shiny little little little red edition, yo.
I got my windows down on the hot summer day because the AC don't work no way.
The sweating fresh with all seeds starts to smell and gets the dusty look in over time.
I'm a back to you find the shiny graphics smell like light and it's my carpet,
the shiny dupe is having washed in it with all my road.
Don't love it, baby.
Open the curtain and get it cherry cherry and be baby brutes.
No, baby.
My full shadow is going over Steve Fox and Bruce Lee.
No, baby.
Fresh with all interior, you'll be fancy to be baby brutes.
No, baby.
I'm going to be a back to you.
From 035 to 065, I'm going to be QAM happy Thursday to be the fifth of July in Cinco de Julio.
Augusto, September.
You're going to have to start to give me a refresher course on this one.
I'll have to take one too then.
That's right. Your spend is pretty weak.
Yes.
Pick it up on it.
Avril Lavigne sued by son Writers overgirl friend.
Really?
I'm going to make an admission.
I'm not really sure that I know who sings it but I'm afraid it might be Paris Hilton that I'm Brelosson.
No, that's...
Oh, thank God it's not here.
Who is it?
I like that song.
I kept thinking that might be a re-honum.
Was that who it is?
Yes.
That's a really good song.
In fact, if you want to have a crummy and fit and eat and send it to me or they're playing it so loud,
your drums will burst but you'll have a smile on your face.
Why do they do that?
What is the point of that?
Is that to make it seem like...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
That's right.
Is that it?
Yeah.
I saw somebody derailed in London today in Rush hour.
One person was injured in the accident and he said it was not related to terrorism.
Oh, thank God.
One passenger suffered an ankle injury when central train line trained.
You're rather 904 AM local time.
But we put a boop out of our wound.
So what's the big deal with that?
Why is that a new store around CNN's website?
They should only help them.
They're hubs they're in dread.
Better brush up on your Yiddish too, Mr.
It's starting to get pretty weak.
Hey, I know more Yiddish than anyone that I know except for you.
What do you mean by that?
That means I know more Yiddish than you.
Or you don't hang out with any Jews.
That's a awful entree.
I'll call on Trairmawfair.
All the Jews that I know don't know any.
Except that Orthodox, ex-accounted years who was a crazy person who tried to like a strangler
with that to filament.
I think I might know more Yiddish than him.
He knows Hebrew.
Wow.
He knows Hebrew well.
Guess what?
Hubbim and Dread also.
Okay.
730 NABOs.
By the way, thanks very much to Chris for that assistance with my hotmail.
This morning hopefully it's going to work.
I don't know yet.
Oh, I hope it works too.
Now that was really good.
Because a courtist was supposed to be the Internet expert, you know.
And he does a fine job of putting those stories on our website.
A fine job if I do say so myself.
And I said them way too many yesterday, like about 100.
But actually come to find out that Chris is a pretty astute one that comes to that garbage.
And based on what?
Well, we don't have computers yet.
We all have computers.
I have a computer.
Does that make me an expert?
No, but if you use it, you get to know it better the more you use it.
Well, there's a question about that.
It's like your thing, you know.
Sure.
Okay, I got an reason because I'm younger, you know.
I don't know.
So I try to tell him to quit when he's ahead, you know.
Yeah, well, yeah.
You are such an A-hole, man.
I just want to anonymize you.
Thank you for the technical assistance you gave me this morning.
And every people are peeing on your leg right away.
You come up with it.
You stick your foot all the way down your throat right to your bottom.
Correct.
Wow.
That's okay.
I'm fortunate I didn't hear it.
Mark this spot on tape, by the way.
743 votes on it.
We're going to make 900 easy, I think.
Or not.
What do you think?
Yeah, we'll get it.
Well, that would be pretty good.
On the 5th of July, on the El Cinco de Julio.
Well, we can have a big June in there.
That would be one of the great comebacks of all time.
Then all the little Tommy Jaffa writes that about these boring bedtime stories.
And about G, if he would bring back the fun and entertainment,
that's shot that he threw, that gratuitous shot that he took yesterday.
I can take all the criticism and all the shots he wanted to show.
But at least, I have some foundation for it.
But the ratings here prove it again today.
We got lucky.
I mean, we're still kicking ass pretty good.
Considering the fact that radio is just about finished.
Am I right?
Right.
So I would do wise to sign about a 40-year extension with these bastards
because otherwise, you know, once we're all done,
I want that money to continue pouring in.
I sculled those paychecks, jolly, joe.
You're good.
Not so good with the chicken neck, but you're good with me.
Well, I can't afford to pay him because they got to pay me all that money.
Isn't that a good excuse?
That's probably what I told him.
Now, weren't you shocked that they actually gave him an increase?
Not a lot, but a few bucks.
Medium shock.
Yeah.
Which comes out to be what about an extra 100 bucks a week or something?
Yes.
Well, that's big money for a schlepper like chicken neck.
Canadian punk princess Avril Lavigne is being sued by US songwriters
who claim that her smash hit girlfriend sounds suspicious enough to sound like in 1970.
Have you got that umbrella song?
Maybe.
What was it named?
Huh?
I don't know.
I'm just playing the music on the radio.
You have the idea of the media.
I don't think I have it, but I can get it.
You probably have it's pregnant.
I love that.
It is great.
Like I said, walking to Abukrambi in Fitshire, your dreams of births, and they'll be playing
that song.
Lavigne's manager, Tamrik Breiss, says the other things my births do when you walk in Abukrambi
in Fitshire, if you walk into the right time.
Oh, good God.
I got to stop going anywhere near that store.
But it's like gravity, you know.
Every time I go in and off, for some reason I wind up there.
You don't think I'm like looking and leering, do you?
Maybe.
Lavigne's manager, Tamrik Breiss, says the pop starlet has won a several people named the lawsuit
filed July 2.
That led to striking similarities to the Rabino's song, I want to be your boyfriend.
That's right now, right?
You need to know what?
Now, that's several of them.
Right.
I'm scanning my disc for media one moment.
I never heard the Rabino's.
No, exactly.
Are you or are O?
It's got OOS, which has to be a misspelling.
It's got a RUBIN OOS.
Can I be correct?
I can get the book down here on the floor and look it up, but it's too much like work.
McBride also CEO of Network Music Group, this missed the suit.
Yes, it is baseless, calling in the case of legal blackmail.
Ovela is a great songwriter, and she's proving it over and over again and again.
McBride said from Vancouver, note in Edelween had heard the Rabino's song for the first time after
learning of the suit.
Rabino's.
I never heard of them.
Ovela's very, very sensible.
She knows music well.
If the chords had been similar, the melodies had been similar.
Lyrics had been similar.
The meter she would have gone.
Okay, I can see their point.
But nothing similar.
So she didn't go.
Okay, I can see their point.
She went, ah, problem and dread.
Songwriter's Tommy Dunbar and James Gang were far out soon.
Do you have that umbrella song or not?
Because if you know, I'm going to still get really upset.
I don't, and I'm getting it.
Oh.
Songwriter's Tommy Dunbar and James Gang were far out soon.
Or California is Northern Federal District Court, also naming Levine's publishing company,
Ovela Levine publishing and Levine's songwriting partner, Dr. Luke as defendants.
Dr. Luke makes me puke.
The Rabino's song.
What was that?
Girlfriend.
Oh.
Well, if we could hear a little bit of it, but we could find out if it sounds exactly like the Ovela Levine one.
If you'd play in the stuff, uh, stop teasing.
I don't have the Rabinos.
Oh.
The Rabinos song came out in 1979 and features the Poppy chorus, hey you, hey you, you, you,
I want to be your boyfriend.
Much like Levine's, much more uptempo hit which goes, hey, hey you, you, I don't like your girlfriend.
I mean, come on.
Cracker, come on.
McBride said he heard a musicologist.
It's a study both.
Tracks and he received a draft of the allegations about six weeks ago.
A musicologist.
Well, what is that?
What the hell is a musicologist?
A music expert.
I know.
I didn't know a musician.
I just want to call it extra solidly on our side.
It's just ridiculous.
He said, still McBride admitted that he's considering settling the suit on the court if the cost of defending the case proved too high.
He noted that a similar claim against Sarah McLaughlin roughly 10 years ago, across the label roughly half a million dollars to defeat in court,
when network tried to recoup the cost from the plaintiffs, they declared bankruptcy.
He said, it's a very simple case of legal blackmail.
It's an unfortunate part of this business, McBride said.
Well, try to settle for cost.
It'll be less than defending so we'd be further ahead.
Emotionally, it sucks.
But at the end of the day, you have to take that out of it.
Attempts to reach the plaintiffs yesterday were not immediately successful.
The legal blow was just the latest in the series of jams.
They have questioned Levine's songwriting claims.
Maybe she's decomposing.
Winnipeg's song for us.
Sean Traut, Crivuziac.
Crivuziac.
How do you say that?
You're asking me?
Crivuziac.
Crivuziac.
Last month suggested to performing songwriter magazine that Levine sold one of her songs for the best damn thing.
Crivuziac.
I have no idea.
Crivuziac told the publication she'd given Levine a song called Contagious 2 years ago,
and was surprised to see a track with the same name on Levine's court disc with a credit for Levine and songwriter Evan Tobinfield.
If right, Crivuziac has never even heard Levine track and retracted her statement.
I know personally she regrets saying what she said, said, and if right, adding the songs are nothing alike.
The interview obviously got to Sean Traut on a bad day.
Maybe she's jealous.
Maybe some of these bitches are just jealous of overall success, you think so?
Imagine.
The hitmakers behind Skater Boy and I'm with you have also slag Levine's writing critics.
Songwriter Lauren Christie, the production team, the Matrix, told Rolling Stone that Levine did a little, but change the word here or there.
Levine has insisted to peer crack to the melodies and lures together.
McBride said the barrage of criticism is just part of being at the top of the charts.
Everyone comes after the stars.
If Avril was not successful, they wouldn't really care. He'd be saying.
I think I'd appoint.
Just leave Avril alone. She's good.
And so she does have a needle nose and stuff like that, but she's still cutesy.
She's different than we've been through this before.
There's a difference between cute and cutesy.
Right.
Apparently that is how you spell that group name.
RUBI and Ooz.
The Ravis, the Rabinus, the Root-Binus.
And is anybody even still over here that group or the song now?
And on the radio and said, that song makes me sick.
Well, KO Pack take records presents, Sounds that make you want to throw out.
Oh, papata goeta up, chuckle you, I've gotta
Hey, he says you ain't shit
Sites won't gather up in his warehouse
Yes,erverAAAAA
On Sunset, Makeyou Want to throw up on You Get it
Sting
Fiebirds your life on You
A complete B perama
And Who Could Forget Thattwo Classic
PUC Nu, PUC Mae, PUC 9
Aerc 
you know you make me want to buy
this is my grocery bar
roll my channel now
I'll come back to you
I'll come back to you
I'll come back to you
I'll come back to you
You can do the puke
Sounds good, make you one out
Throw up
You make me buy my baby
768 votes on our award running poll
I think we got a real shot at 900 a day
and if we have that Chris is going to like
take off his clothes
and run around naked out there in Ives Dury Road
Yeah, no
It's a little warning for you
So we got Rihanna
and thank God it's not Pericelton
because he's got like about 600 songs out now
and that isn't one of them
If I actually like the song that Pericelton sang
and I use the word sang very loosely
I probably would jump out the window and kill myself
I'd push you out the window
Now do we have umbrella?
One moment please
I think we just don't play that all day every day
All of this computer's so slow
What kind of a computer have you got?
Who the hell bought that thing?
You
I know
Probably because we got five things happening at the same time
I suppose this is um
Dury Bino's
I want to be your boy
I know
Wait
Oh it sounds like album of E-Ming
That sounds super popular
Dury Bino's
No
I guess we got to wait for the chorus
Yeah
The low is already
No wonder we never heard of it
It was gonna hit
It was gonna hit
It was gonna hit
It didn't hit me
I got to tell you
I got to tell you
Uh oh
It sounds like album of E-Ming
You got to rip off
Okay, it sounds like that
Are you doing this on Proficie or what?
Uh huh
Yes
Good girl, good boy
Uh huh
I'm sorry
No clouds in my dome
Split a rain
I have to rain in the bank
When the clouds come we go
We rock a pro
It's so high to weather
And keep our good weather
You know me
And it's just a taste of overdrive
In fact it's with a rainy day
Rain in its back
With little mid-suns
We gotta wait where
Who had my heart
And will never be worth a part
They ain't even existing
But you still be my star
Baby, cause I'm the star
You can't be shiny car
And that's when you need me there
With you all always share
Because
When the sun shines
Shine like a star
Won't you ever ever
Said I'd all been deep friends
But we know the love is to get out
And at the end
I've been raining all the time
No doubt we'll still have each other
You can sing the name of my umbrella
You can sing the name of my umbrella
And I've been my umbrella
And I've been love
Okay, okay
Now who says I don't like the music today
There's one, okay?
It's one actually
But there's one, are you inspired by the fact that I love it?
I like it, I love it. Well, I like Rihanna. Well, I can't say it.
I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it. I can't say it
But I really want to talk about bluetooth in the US state. What store is it? What store is it? What store is it? Understandable in the US state. what's the Newiger Jews U.S. states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states State states states states states states states states states states states states states states state states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states states
Okay.
Do you know any white women named LaShanda?
It's LAA.
It's so far.
LaShanda, Calaway, was stabbed during a fight at the store, but was not part of a robbery,
Bisham.
Said it took about two minutes for somebody to call police to report the crime.
Calaway, 27, died at a hospital for more injuries.
The lack of concern for humanity over this young woman's life is deeply troubling, Basham.
Said, Basham said the district attorney's office would have to decide whether any of
the shoppers would be charged.
It was uncertain what lawful any would be applicable.
A state statute for a failure to render an AIDS specifically refers only to victims of a car accident.
In other words, if you were stabbed or shot or like, well, I know how would you.
Two suspects have been arrested in the stabbing.
Cherish, Emma McCullough 19, was charged with first degree murder.
Cherish, like by the association, remember that?
Cherish is the word, they were good.
I like the association, just by windy.
Sure.
Along comes Harry.
Another suspect who turned himself in a few days later had not been charged today.
Ego columnist Mark McCormick said he learned about the video and what he called which is top police chief.
Norman Williams, who asked about a phone call you received from a reader, complaining about a police department policy that requires emergency medical personnel to wait until police secure a crime scene before rendering aid.
This is just appalling, Williams told the newspaper.
I could continue shopping and I would render aid and then take time out to take a picture.
That's crazy.
What happened to our respect for life?
Oh, well, I wonder how that started.
Nobody gave me that, pulled them in.
In America, there's respect for life.
What did that start?
I've been sleeping.
I didn't get them that all yet.
Now, respect for life, my ass.
780.
Oh, look at that.
I just cranked that thing up all accident.
I must have just pinned the meter right there.
That's bad.
Probably engineers come running in there.
What's going on up there?
Well, I was playing that song again.
And of course, most of the time when I heard I'm an Abrahamian bitch.
And maybe sometimes you know what's the other one?
With an H Hollister.
Hollister.
Why do I keep forgetting?
You know why I have a brain fart on that now?
Because my experience there yesterday.
Oh, brother, I hate the people that work.
And of course, you know, like I said before, most of the punks that work in those kinds of stores,
there are kids.
You know, they're 18, 19, 20 wrote punks.
And they got a crappy attitude.
And I spent it.
They're much more interested in talking to each other about what time the next break is.
Or what time they get off and who they're going to get laid by that night.
That's all I care about.
Yeah.
They don't give a crap about taking care of the customers.
Well, I mean, especially when you're paying the inflated prices like an Abrahamian bitch,
when you're paying like 60 bucks for a $15 shirt, they ought to take care of you.
They ought to come out in the service you for Christ's sake.
And if they did, then I'd never be here.
I'll tell you that.
God.
But you don't frequent those kinds of stores.
So, you know, no, I don't infrequent them either.
7-84 on the pool.
Let's take a look and see how Richard cast along us.
So, he's got two votes.
Clemensa.
And poor Marlon's only got 34.
They don't like Marlon Brand.
Well, I don't know that they don't like him.
They just don't love him.
In other words, he's just not, you know, how's that possible?
I don't know.
In fact, how's it possible that he died without like a day of mourning and without, you know, right?
Even if you forget everything else that he did, and a lot of it, you probably just as well.
And only think of the Godfather.
Am I right about that?
Right.
But come on.
I'm not like a man.
I'm like a man.
I can play all the other side.
Let me say that I swear.
On the shoulder of my grandchildren, that I will not be the one to break the peace we've made
today.
God, me, oh God.
He brought the world spider-man, the Hulk, X-Men, and the Fantastic Four.
Fantastic Four.
Now, 84-year-old Stan Lee brings us a new superhero action figure, himself.
Part of the Marvel Legends series.
Your kids will love Stan as he tackles tying his shoes.
Hours and hours of crime fighting, raptors nap.
Watch breathlessly, just like Stan.
As Stan sinks his teeth into crime, and leaves them there.
Pull the string in here, Stan, say,
What?
There you go.
Now, my lord, you damn kids, turn that crap down.
Hey, Bailey, what, what accessories are you getting more Stanley action figure?
The Stan Lee action figure.
Things make a better reason.
Soul separate.
Okay, 1231 at 560 W.
And 793 votes on our award winning poll are on ealwargers.com.
We can make 900 a day, and that will make the front page of the Wall Street Journal, the Washington
Post, New York Times, LA Times, etc.
And the weekly reader.
Bob got your rights on the Smirking Chimp.
Senators Sam Brownback, who's a crazy person, was a guest.
He was indignant to this hell about having a high public official involved in something like
Purgery, and obstructive justice condemned, was the very foundation of which our nation was built,
and he had the harsh words to show for it.
By his words, indeed, he chose to place himself above the law, by his words, indeed,
he's undermined the world of American law, with the great harm of this nation, the Kansas Republic, and said.
By his own words, indeed, he's undermined the truth fighting function of the judiciary, a great harm to that
branch of our government.
By his words, indeed, he's gone great harm to the notions of honesty and integrity, that from the underpinnings of this great republic.
And here's the Brownback kicker, we have lost many things over the past few months,
trekked in public officials, respect for the rule of law, confidence in the truth of the White House's public statements,
but the most tragic loss has been the study erosion of our societal standards.
That's Brownback, and his closed-door impeachment statement on Bill Clinton that was read on the Congressional record on February 12, 1999.
He didn't get all excited thinking he was commenting on the Scooter Liberty thing video, I can understand if he did say Bob Geiger.
After all, Libby was convicted of these same charges and sins within federal guidelines to a 30-month prison sentence,
only to have his personal friend George W. Bush decide on Monday that anything over well zero days in jail was excessive when it comes to a White House crowning.
But then again, Brownback is hardly alone in the hypocritical silence, being shown by the very same Republican senators who in 1999 voted guilty on both the perjury and obstructing justice charges against Clinton.
That vote took place on February 12 with the Senate acquitting Clinton of both articles of impeachment.
The perjury charge got 45 guilty votes, while the obstructing justice article resulted in a 50-50 split.
Of the 25 Republican senators still in the Senate who voted that data can be clinton on both articles of impeachment, not one of them has issued a public statement on Libby's sentence,
commutation of the three-day sentence that occurred not a single one.
And the article goes on, including Insane John McCain, by the way.
I just mentioned those things in advance.
796, boy, I think we got 900 electors, and if Chris would have really put down the pedal to the metal earlier in the show, we could actually made a thousand votes.
I thought we were just in it.
We're shooting for 500, baby, we got 796.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if I refers to that, maybe if I click that view-current thing on there,
796, like I said, nothing.
Hey, by the way, thanks Eric for Australian not-to-stance pages. So you know Eric?
I know Eric.
I'm trying to tell you he's good.
Yeah.
Because I fact in the new pool and at the bottom I wrote the stance pages screw up, and within a matter of moments, within a matter of milliseconds,
it was fixed and he sent me an email saying, it's all straightened out, so.
And I said, you call me, fat, you tell the Lord?
And he said, yeah.
Well, he actually did a wonderful job, as usual.
Robert Scheer, one of my favorites, writes, Independence Day for Libby.
He says, whatever happened to the, don't do the crime if you can't do the time which allows tough love conservatives to cheerfully sentence, petty criminals to incarceration.
Suddenly, no prison time for perjuring an obstructive justice is turned by this president to be a harsh penalty, because Scooter Libby will suffer enough with his reputation for ever damaged, poor baby.
We'll see just how damages reputation is as little becomes to be celebrated on the right wing lecture circuit, with fees that will easily cover his wrist slap of a fine.
Can agents with the promise of an Olly North style talk show be far behind?
Once again, we have an example of politicians championing the slogans of law order until the criminal is one of their own.
At which point they suddenly become bleeding heart liberals eager to ease the pain of the misjudged underdog.
Blame the victim for Libby's troubles, it was that out of the CIA agent Valerie Plame, who made him do it.
Who told her to be married to a guy who did a publicly criticized Libby's boss?
That's the easiest explanation for Bush's commutation to the Libby sentence, but there's even more odious possible cause for the president's cutting loses friend to felon hours after the unanimous appeals court panel ordered Libby to start serving his 30-month sentence.
It's that old chestnut of honor among fees, they didn't want Libby to have any incentive to squeal on high ruffs.
Libby was never more than the fall guy, whose usefulness to the prosecutor was that he was a lower level scoundrel in a position to turn in his White House superiors.
The obstructive justice and perjury charges of which Libby was convicted don't involve some minor technicality, even a non-crime as alleged by Mitt Romney.
I believe that circumstances of this case where the prosecutors knew that there had not been a crime committed, created a setting where the decision of this nature Bush's decision was reasonable Romney said.
How odd that a leading Republican presidential candidate doesn't consider perjury and obstructive justice to be crimes, but what he probably had in mind was the original focus in the investigation.
The conservative government officials had participated in the outing of blame as a means of discrediting your husband Jill Wilson, who had dared to criticize Bush, now totally discredited reasons for invading Iraq.
Precisely because prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald was stone-walled in his investigation by Libby's perjury and obstructive justice, we have no way of knowing whether that more serious crime was committed.
Romney and others who are apologizing for the administration are in the position of accepting the word of a convicted perjurer as to the intent of his conversations with reporters and his insistence that his boss, the attorney, was not involved in his shenanigans.
It is, however, inconceivable from everything we've learned of Cheney's operating style that his chief of staff ever did anything other than order lunch without consulting device president.
That certainly goes to the nefarious activities that God Libby and trouble would law in this instance.
We do know from a solid body of published insider memoirs that Cheney was the key figure within the administration pushing the Iraq invasion and that he remains determined of this day to deny that there was any tampering with intelligence dead and making his case for the war.
We also know that it was Cheney more than anybody else in the White House Center circle who sought to counter criticism of the president and that it was outraged that Wilson had gone publicly to criticisms when Cheney and others in the administration continued to knowingly disseminate false information.
That was the case concerning the bonus knee, jerry yellow cake, uranium acquisition by Iraq, which the CIA had dispatched Wilson investigate and which he along with others easily discounted.
Cheney certainly had a motive for wanting to destroy Wilson's credibility which was the purpose of these leaked stories suggesting that Wilson, who previously been honored by President George Herbert Walker Bush for standing up to Sodom who stayed before the 91 Gal 4 and got in his year on a joyful junket and the subsequent critique of administration's perfority was politically motivated.
What was politically motivated was the outrageous behavior of the Vice President's chief of staff in the integration of a dedicated civil servant and the presence of rewarding the convicted liar with a commutation of sentence effectively ending the pressure on Libby to fast up.
CYA baby cover your ass that's what it's all about.
And meanwhile everybody's like you know his parents still ought to jail or what?
810 votes on the pool. Oh there's Barack Obama that's my hero.
Is she an impressed? Barack sees himself not Hillary as the agent of change.
Can't just be a slogan. Change has to be something that is demonstrated day to day on an ongoing basis.
At the other end of the presidential tier.
I'll press God man nobody knows who he is. He's a good guy. He never stole a freight train. He's a good you know but he's from Connecticut just like Joe Biden's from Delaware.
If you put Delaware Connecticut together you don't even have OJs you know what I'm saying.
How many people live in Delaware?
I'll turn it man.
And the people living Connecticut are just you know they're just the suburbanites of New York right? Am I right?
The first I know. 811 votes on that pool man we are I'm just in shock.
I mean the 900 is a given when you agree Chris I mean you're the pull-up. This is your this is up your alley.
We got not her easy that that's a given.
We I mean there's no doubt but getting close to a thousand on a single day Julio on the day after the fourth of July.
Would be that's where those numbers go out man we're kicking big fat nasty smelly ass in spider-ton jica.
In spite of his gratuitous little shot and this is a guy doesn't even I don't think even owns a radio anymore do you Tommy?
Probably had a solid to buy some hair.
Who is your favorite fan entertainer of all time Jackie Gleason 150 John Belushi 127 and John Candy 118.
There's the only three with over 100 everybody else maltators poor Marlon even though I played all those drop-ins he's only got 39.
And Clemens Solomon they trace he's got three.
One for each dropping.
It is sick and you talk about me.
Yeah yeah.
What's up y'all this your boy D might see how you even saw us with light hooks and concepts right.
But we're gonna go back to some of the boxes.
Check this out y'all.
Read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a
book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book read a book
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book
Read a book, read a book, read read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read it a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, you can read here
I'm gonna be there, keep, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be there, keep, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be, I'm
257 I'm in Struct. We have 852 votes, you know, I think it's doable of Chris. We could make 1,000.
Okay, we can do it. Come on everybody, okay? Come, it's crazy. Go ahead.
Crazy. Because we need 148 votes in 12 and 72 minutes. That's just over 2 minutes. Isn't
that usually our thing? Yeah, usually. That's our thing. Oh, I speak to music, George.
Yeah. You're going to have to find Thunder Club Newman. Something right here. I'm going
to be easy. I'm going to get it going. No, I got that. Well, you have to get a golden
right to say. I mean, find it and crank it up. Cindy Sheen writes, since I wrote, she
says, since I wrote this, she is a back. Oh, the reverence hearing has been postponed
for months. We'll be starting our walk for Crawford Camp Casey on July 10th. And she says,
and then it says call out the instigator by Cindy Sheen. I'm not going to sing it because
I can't sing, but it's to the tune of Thunder Club Newman. Call out the instigator because
there's something in the year we've got to get together sooner or later because the
revolutions here, you know, it's right. Thunder Club Newman. You guys will play that.
You got it. No, I do. It's just a show. Come up. Yeah. Oh, my God. That, you know, something
it's not the computer. The computer is fine. It said, damn, Internet connection in
that place is not on. I've got to know the computer. It's just a slow. I got it in the
hard drive. What would you mean by that? The computer is slow? Yeah. Well, I'm going
to have to buy a new computer like one of these HP's like I have here for you. Not one
of those HP's something that can accommodate this hard drive. We mean by that. You've got
a slim profile that will not accommodate any extra things added to it like the things
that I've already added to this computer here. Oh, I see. So like I said, I'm not going
to spend any more money on crap like that. 855. Chris says we can make a thousand by
two o'clock. Yeah, we can do it. I told him he's crazy than a bedbug in heat. If
all your Avocombie friends come out, no, I wish. Oh, and see, when I go in that place,
it makes me feel that it's worth being alive. You want me to buy that? Not that I'm going
to be doing anything with any of those people, but I can always fantasize. And I think to
myself, who would I rather do some of the people in there or Ron Jeremy? And I think,
well, that's a tough choice. Let me ponder that for a millisecond. Are you going to play
that thing or not? Not. You're not? It's not coming up. So not. Well, what do you mean
it's not coming up? I'm having problems with this computer. Oh, that's really. So that's
the way we're going to be the song ThunderClyder something in here. Cindy Chances, I'm not backing
off. I try to remove myself from the political realm of the US. What Bushco is turning into
an evil empire, but the blatant audacity of George from eating scooter sentence, he's not
ruling out a full part and then you know he will has dragged me kicking and screaming
back in. Just once she thought she was out and he dragged her back in. I can't sit back
and let this Bushco drag our country further down the murky quagmire or fascism in violence,
taking the rest of the world with them. This is Cindy Chien. I've set back quietly these
past five weeks as the slaughter in Iraq, sarahfully, surges along with George's bloody escalation.
It is the philosophical opposition of the war. It's soared almost four out of every five
Americans. I remain silent when Senator Barack Obama said that impeachment is only reserved
for grave, grave breaches. Well, Bushco has created hundreds of thousands of graves
dug by their lies and greed. For Krebs sake, George admitted to breaking the FISAAC, which
is a felony, that also breaches the Fourth Amendment to our Constitution that already prohibited
illegal search and seizure. How has Bill Clinton's offense gripped in
Georgia's Dixer scooters? Did we ever think that criminality and arrogance of the Dix
and White House would be eclipsed in our time with nearly a bomb from the sheep, sheep
all in Congress? Georgia has said that America doesn't do torture when we've all seen the
images of torture from Abu Gharram. Don't believe your lie and eyes. I know that hundreds
of people sold to the US Army for a demoral bounty are incarcerated within the inhuman confines
of Gitmo, which is right in our own backyard. I've had to bite my tongue hard as the Georgia
and Dick criminal cabal, formerly known as the executive branch, to claim that their
offices are not to be held up to the same standards of accountability and control as
any other entity in the human race, governmental or private. It's been recently reported that
Nancy Pelosi said that impeachment isn't worth it. Her faulty reasoning is that impeachment
would take too much time because they don't have the votes. If they could whip the Dillon
Democratic caucus into shape to defend and protect our Constitution and the people of Iraq
and our soldiers as they whooped, conjoined, threatened and brow-beathed caucus into
attaching non-binding timelines onto the last war funding bill, then impeachment would
not only be possible, but likely. The recent commutation of ice scooter will be sentenced,
however, was the straw that broke my camel's back of exhausted anyway. Patrick Fitzgerald
is a thoughtful and thorough prosecutor who did a heroic job of bringing at least one
of the Bush crime obid justice. Even though we were all very pleased, we knew that it
wasn't enough and the Mr. Fitzgerald would delve deeper into the feces and festive executive
branch. Feces infested. Can you smell it? Yes. The lawlessness of the Bush administration
has reached wild west proportions and the inmates have definitely had control of the U.S.
A. Salam. A very dear friend of mine, Reverend Lennox Yearwood, of hip-hop caucuses being
harassed by the Air Force for conduct unbecoming an officer in gentlemen because the Reverend
fulfills his duty as an officer in a gentleman honorably by protesting Iraq and the fascist
Bush regime almost constantly. The Reverend is still an individual ready-resurge, so the
Air Force believes it's within its parameters to pursue the charges, although every officer
in gentlemen or woman should be protesting the atrocious mistakes in the Middle East.
After the Reverend's hearing on July 12th in Macon, Georgia, he's going to become a symbolic
walk. He's going to begin a symbolic walk from the Reverend Martin Luther King's Raven
Atlanta to DC. I'm going to be there for him and begin the march, but I'm not going to
make it symbolic. We're going to walk from Atlanta, Georgia to Congress beginning July
13th, ending up in DC, July 23rd, to send the misleaders back home to face the music of
justice in their own districts. It's about time us peasants in the eyes of the fascist
ruling elite march on DC with our pitchforks of righteous anger and our torches of truth
that demand the Oster of Bush go. I have a dream of the detention centers that Georgia's
built and filled with instead orange-clad neocons and neoconets. If Congress won't
take Bush's political bravites, the people's job to do so. Thomas Jefferson said that
we need a revolution every 20 years or so to keep our public and republic honest. Over
225 years of pass since our last revolution, if you don't count the word between the states,
and we're long overdue for one. Turn off your TVs, case your pets goodbye, bring the kids
and flock to the federal seat of corruption and join us on our walk there for our people's
accountability movement to be in the face of criminal Bush co and a complicit Congress
for their last week of session before they go on their undeserved vacations. What do
they get vacations when the Iraqi parliamentarians don't? On the eve of our first revolution,
you know it's right. And there'll be more to come on this, visit the details of when
and where and how. City she and man, she's really something. She really believes she's
dedicated. She ain't no Paris Hilton, but then again, who is? Right. Why would the media
bother covering anything that she has to say? 867 of us, what do you think? Can we do it?
We need 133 and 66 minutes. That's right. Right about if that to a two a minute. So if
everybody who voted once already vote again, you know, vote for Marlon. I think that's
very sad. He's only got 43 votes, don't you? Quite. 870. Favorite fat entertainer of all
time. And this is not something that requires like a great brain power, any deep thought,
just pick a name and vote. And if you can get to 1000 Chris is going to like march up
and make it up for 41 all the way to the end. No, I had to go find it. I never had it.
Like I said, 100, 100. What would have been nice to play it at the beginning of the
year? But
it's
a
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
big
big. That's enough. Jackie Glees 155, John Candy 141, John Belushi 130. And then it's
small. Slim Pickens after that. Chris Farley 68. Marlon's got 40 year 3. Now that's to
me. It just makes my stomach churn. WC fields 33. Downed Eloise got 30.
About 30, man. And let's see how Clemens is doing. I mean, I could read all the other
ones, but that would kill the whole rest of the show. Clemens is still a
salamente trace.
OK, it's got the real. And when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all the women with paint
and lips around the pool, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two. I mean, I listen to
the Neil Rogers there in balance one to two hours. We can do a Chris 8.81. We need
119 votes in one hour. Come on.
Come on. You're
rating cent day.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass hit. I was to your hand. How?
You're good.
Don't you get quite somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants?
It ain't easy.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Very nice. I love it. Be coming back.
I've tried to consider a little more than a concert.
If you want to know, I don't say that you're from shutting that
transmitter to the ground.
Why?
That's easy.
It's true.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Oh, oh.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Oh, oh.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
I mean, there are times when we got to the game.
Like that, my ratings have bottomed out in this game.
Which radio has a rebounding score?
The game is the lowest.
And we did.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Now she needs a smile.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Can we fight a way so?
Hold me and give me this.
Are you going to go fire me?
Can you say pothas ass?
It's 1, 2, 5, 60, WM.
Maddog will be on for an hour, 2, 3.
And then you got that Marlin crap.
8, 82, and of course, now we're stuck.
Now that I got my hope saw up and I got all whipped up into a frenzy,
it's just stuck right there.
Why does that happen all the time?
Is it like a conspiracy, do you think?
Yes.
Now that I'm paranoid, but I've clicked at that again,
still, 80 to me, 118 votes in 58 minutes.
That's almost exactly to a minute.
I mean, if we have any audience left in the court,
those numbers today, if you've missed the ratings, man,
they were pretty damn good.
Thank you very much.
To the ratings, Fury, okay?
Any other Ferrys?
Thank you so much.
What do you think?
It's confidence higher low.
Uh, hi.
I'm on the...
Hi, I do.
I think I'm on pins and he's like, 83.
Now they're coming in by the ones.
We need him coming in by the chunks, okay?
Not by the ones in twos.
We need him by the chunks.
So if you're anywhere near A of PC,
if you're anywhere, in fact, go into a store,
break into one right now and say, and just grab it.
And you're PC, too.
And hop on the netland, and vote on neo-rages.com.
Vote for somebody, vote for Marlon Brando.
Vote for Clemenza for Christ's sakes.
Do something.
And I know there are people saying,
well, there he goes with a stupid thousand votes on the poor again,
who really care, we care, okay?
We care a lot.
I do.
George doesn't care.
There's 84, see?
They're coming in by the ones.
McDonald's refuses to serve women with no hands.
A genetic syndrome is left illinois resident,
Don Larson, without hands or fully developed arms.
Larson has learned to lead a full life by using her feet.
She's even able to drive.
She has no hands but she's driving.
I see.
With her feet.
Now a lot of people do that, even though they have hands.
889.
Now we're starting to make a little bit of progress.
Now they finally caught on, okay?
They busted into a series, they hijacked every up PC,
and they hopped on the net, and they're voting right now.
You'll see.
You'll see they've got to come in and big, massive,
oozing bloody chumps, Chris.
You ready for that?
Not sure about all that.
You think it's a lot of vote, but it's not.
She says she's never had a problem in public.
She went through a McDonald's drive through in Rockford last fall.
Rockford, Illinois.
Normally, Larson first gives the cashier her debit card to pay for the order,
and then grabs the food and drink with both feet.
Ooh.
Oh, sure, for a feet smell good, you think?
Let's hope.
But in McDonald's, she said they took her money in one window,
but wouldn't give her a food at the next window.
She says she felt degraded.
Well, that's not a good message.
In other words, we'll take your money even if you have no limbs at all.
But now you want the food?
Forget about it.
1892, 188 votes in 55 minutes.
Oh, it's so doable.
It is so doable.
Wouldn't it be a bad if we fell short?
Nope.
I reach my foot off the window to grab the food, says Larson,
you stop being so negative.
Chris, you need to go in there and punch him in the head.
Okay.
He's the impediment to our poll success.
Definitely.
Because he refuses.
He's a little hard-ass, and he refuses to be as hysterical about it as I pretend to get.
And I do say pretend.
Well, do you think it makes any difference to me whether we get 985,
1,01200?
I mean, well, you know, it's just for fun.
It's a challenge, baby.
Like working for the beesleys, it's a freaking challenge.
Like trying to go shopping at Hollister.
It's a real challenge.
I reach my foot out the window to grab the food, says Larson,
she set the food down, raised her hands up really high in the air,
and then slammed them down in the counter like violently.
I'm not doing this.
She screamed to me, actually, not doing this.
The restaurant offered her a $10 gift certificate.
Wow!
Man!
She then contacted a lawyer and two months later experienced the same thing
at a different rockford McDonald's.
Well, I've been told that this kind of stuff happens.
$8.99.
Now they're coming in and big, bloody, violent, purple chunks.
$8.99.
Is he the way we zoomed up there?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Now we got the 900, like, now we just got to get that last 100.
So anyway, now this lady, Dawn, is doing the company for $4 million
and wants it to improve employee training.
She was asking for no special accommodations.
She just wanted to be treated like everybody else.
And that's why I believe McDonald certainly violated her rights,
said Dawn's attorney, Laurel Wike Smith.
McDonald said it can't come in on Larson's law.
So it has a strict policy against any discrimination in the restaurant.
Now what about what's his name's wife, the sports guy?
Bre?
Is that her name?
Bre Walker, yeah.
And what's his name?
Jim Lampley.
Yes.
See, I know him because he's a sports guy.
I know her because she's a kid.
Oh, my goodness, on ABC, she got, he got the, had a pot thing going on, you know.
No, I don't know.
Well, he had some kind of a pot.
906.
Now they're coming away.
We like him, baby.
We need 50, as an 84, 94 votes in 53 minutes.
Less than two minutes.
He wants you to get the ratio down there.
Then you start getting your hopes up.
And then you say, Chris, do you understand the magnitude of this achievement if we make it?
No, watch, let's play it.
I don't know.
No, it's the day after the 4th of July.
Maybe it's the 5th of July.
Everybody in their brothers on vacation.
Don't you understand?
You guys, I mean, what kind of a show did you have yesterday anyway?
Oh, that's right, a short one.
We did a two-pandace show.
It wasn't really good.
It was wonderful.
No, I'm serious.
No, why do you say that?
Why are you playing all the fun shows?
No, that's what I'm saying.
And you still had like 247 votes.
Because there's nobody around.
I'm in the 4th of July.
They're all busy blowing their limbs off.
Don't you get it?
Like a high allean, sweet water.
910 votes on the world famous Nearogers pool.
I'm serious.
If we can make 1,000, I might have a sexual experience at tour-floor.
G, everyone stop.
I already know.
Stop right now.
What the hell does that mean?
I'm not allowed to have a sexual experience.
Not during the show.
I'm going to go to, now I said at 2 o'clock after the show.
Okay, if they'll go to have a crummy and fish.
I'd sure like to have a sexual experience there.
If they're just walking in the door, does it for me?
On certain days when certain people are working?
How would you like to apply for a job at a place like that?
And I have them say, oh god, you're too likely to work here.
Forget about it.
Get lost.
I'm sure they put it some other way.
I would be people need not apply.
913, we need 87 votes in 52 minutes.
I have a feeling I can smell it.
Joe Bell is going to come in there and dance naked on the countertop if we get to a thousand votes.
I promise you, now.
He's going to come in there and dance naked right in front of Chris.
And then he's going to bend over and stick his back down.
You're facing cut loose, man, with what the... just a piss off choice.
What a day this has been.
You know, with those numbers.
And I'm, weren't you pleasantly surprised I sure was?
Yeah, yes I was.
That was...
I mean, I didn't know what to expect, but, you know, generally the last few months have been kind of a rocky road.
And you didn't even say rocky road.
And I thought I got my two-week anniversary of eating no, not a drop, not a spoonful of sugar.
Was that a song, a spoonful of sugar?
A spoonful of cinnamon.
And we have that, don't we?
A spoonful of... let me see.
A spoonful of feeding.
Did you know...
A spoonful of cinnamon makes the medicine go down.
The medicine go down.
The medicine go down.
That's the spoon for the cinnamon makes the medicine go down.
In the middle, they're light, always.
You're fairies.
Wow.
Makes somebody go down, I'm sure, then.
Is that all it takes?
I'm going to take a whole bunch... I'm taking a case of cinnamon to evercromb you in fish.
Just in case.
Woo!
Just in case somebody wants to go down.
9.19 on the pole.
We got it made, Chris.
I think it's going to happen.
Thank you everybody.
Well, not yet.
Don't say thank you, I see you don't know how to do that.
That's who everybody.
Keep moving.
Yeah, let's go.
Let's hop on it.
You dullards?
Not as dull as Kimbo camper, but then again, what is?
I'm looking at these numbers again.
I'm squeezing them.
I mean, not that they were spectacular, like the old days, you know, when we were on a real radio station.
And in the early days, when we were on this station until they started moving everybody around and screwing up the line up,
putting on really bad morning shows and stuff.
Look at the afternoon.
Number one in many team plus tied for first with love 94.
And everybody knows love 94 is bogus.
How do life in love 94 get these male demos and these...
Where has that come from?
Fantasyland, a lot of businesses, I guess.
Run that.
And numbers, like I said before, people in the businesses and people in doctors offices, and dentists offices, and people like things like that.
Like music.
I mean, nobody's paying attention.
If you got that swill on the background, you know, nobody's paying any attention to it.
So why not let anybody want to advertise on their opinion or invest in the energy into it?
Because it's a non-factor.
923.
We need 77.
And of course, you know what that always reminds me of when I start doing 77.
93!
Will it?
Yeah.
He's still alive now, right?
Chubby checker?
Far as I know.
Or left out for that speaking of some of our favorite fat people.
And how come he's out on there?
Chubby checker.
He wasn't all that, Chubby.
How about Fats Dalano?
Chris.
Pointed on now.
I'm changing my vote.
Yeah, kid, baby!
Ah, baby, Julia.
Ah, baby, Julia.
Ah, baby, Julia.
Chris and his sister, you may have heard.
Pericelton out of jail.
Pericelton is out of jail.
Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God.
We got to fight.
Colton says the first thing she'll do when she gets out of jail is having the meal.
Pericelton is looking forward to wearing normal clothing.
Well, I must be glad that we're sitting off the farthest.
I thought it was because the Fourth of July was because Pericelton's out.
Right, it's fries.
93!
We need 67 most of all.
We're kind of stuck on it.
I bet Eric has got both feet on the break this time.
I bet he's got his big fat ass.
Maybe he's sitting on it in the break too.
And now, all of a sudden, once he takes this foot off,
a whole bunch, a whole Fourier vote will come forward and look at that 935.
There's a couple.
There's a pair.
A small pair.
I'm serious if we make this today.
This will be one of the most incredible achievements.
And speaking of the ratings, by the way,
I want you to think about these trends, okay?
Now, for the audience, it doesn't understand what we say it's a trend.
And the ratings are taken every month.
And a trend is a three month period of time.
It's like an ongoing rolling number.
Our January February March, and then February then you drop off January March April.
And the quarterly is what the rating book is.
So, by the way, by the way,
El Pomero de Algroso, that's when the book comes out.
And you'll be on it there.
It's a Wednesday.
Now, I have to make a cameo on that day.
Okay.
What do you think?
Sure, what are you?
El Pomero de Algroso.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, I don't want to do anything extra because then I'll expect it.
But I mean, that's going to be big.
It's going to be really big.
It's going to be the start of something big.
But anyway, my point being this,
that these loses across the street, these spakers, which most of them are,
their whole story revolved around one bogus month.
Remember, I kept saying it was bogus January.
They had a bunch of wire diaries that made it look like they had this big number.
And my point being that when you have one really big month,
that last, not for three months, but like November, December and January,
starting in November, it kicked in.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Then December, January, February.
So for a whole bunch of trends that month is still in there.
And then when finally it gets to be February, March and April like last month,
that's when they drop to the bottom, to the flow.
Got it?
Got it?
You understand what I'm saying?
I should do.
942, holy moly rat man, that is a nice number.
I mean, it's not a thousand yet, but we got 58 to go in 42 minutes.
Even Chris now is pretty, you know.
You know what I'm called me crazy when I said a thousand in here earlier.
What do we start with, like five votes?
I think it's about eight.
Pretty weak.
I would say.
Not 30, man.
Not too good.
942.
Bill Prens of the Empatle Director of the National Hurricane Center responded yesterday.
It was senior forecasters who called for his ouster while a team went from Washington,
DC, reviews his operations.
I thought that was inappropriate said, Prens of 62.
There's no basis for that.
It's something I wish hadn't happened.
It might pronounce his name wrong or not, because obviously he's in the news all over the place.
I wouldn't know.
Well, why not?
I think that's how they're saying it.
Prens of?
Sure.
The special thing that investigators from NOAA, the National Oceanic Administration,
the Administrative Administration arrived Monday at the Dave County Center.
This week's after Prens, it criticized the supervisors for their funding priorities and they're
faded to replace QuickSkat and AG4K satellite.
I don't think we can say Skat.
Quick.
No.
Yeah.
And while NOAA spokesman, Anson Franklin, I wonder if he's keen to answer in Carter, the hockey player,
maybe Anson, what was the guy from Happy Days, Anson Williams?
Oh, boy.
Was he annoying or what?
Potsy.
Was he on the potty?
He sent me to the potty.
I affect that whole show, some of the potty, especially Tom Bosley.
God was he annoying.
And Fonzie, forget about it.
947, then they put Scott Bayowon there and said, Man, this is a good show.
And while NOAA spokesman, Anson Franklin, I said the team wasn't dispatched to the fire point,
so who expressed confidence as job isn't in jeopardy, he was clearly unhappy with the team's activities
after one month into hurricane season.
This has been an extraordinarily disruptive unprecedented type of investigation that started, he said yesterday,
we want to make sure that we communicate to everybody that the hurricane center is well prepared.
Franklin said yesterday the team is examining the budget, technology and operations at the center.
Employees also are invited to comment, Franklin said, finding some recommendations are due July 20,
at which time NOAA's administrator could decide to make changes, he said, like underwear.
Three senior forecasters have taken liberty to comment by calling from to be firepoints of NOAA yesterday.
One of the forecasters Richard Pash said once they had no comment, the two others,
Lyxian Avila, Avila, whatever his name is, and James Franklin could be reached,
despite attempts to contact through the hurricane center, their mom.
This thing with the poll that they meant, and of course George is unfazed.
Even you are better somewhat surprised by what the poll results?
Yeah, whatever.
You are intractable and immovable.
Adam and time, remember that scene in network, he said, once him on the air, he is intractable and immovable, Adam and time.
That was the Robert DuVall's line.
I still see, you know, and not that people don't give him credit, but I don't think he gets the credit he should.
One of the great actors of our lifetime is Robert DuVall.
I agree.
We don't have any Robert DuVall jobs, do we?
Good question.
Not even when he says I'm German Irish.
Well let me tell you something, my crud, Mick Fran.
We don't even have that.
Oh no, we do have one thing, no wait.
Wait, I'll find it.
It's that Tessio where he says I can't do it, Sally, and he gives the nod of the head.
And the way it goes, we don't see him no more, just like Paulie.
I got it here.
We're out of our way to Brooklyn.
I hope Mike's again is a good deal tonight.
Sure he will.
Sal, Tom, the boss says we're coming to a separate car, I says, to you two to go on ahead.
And he can't do that.
I just screws up all my arrangements.
Well that's what he said.
I can't go either, Sal.
Oh Mike, it was only business.
I always liked him.
He understands that.
Excuse me, Sal.
Tom, can you give me your dog?
A little type of sink.
Can't do it, Sally.
And he looks back and says, quick call me, Sally, you bastard.
Nine fifty two, we need forty eight votes in thirty eight minutes.
Oh wait, that's good.
Oh, he just paid 250 grand fine, semi-conviction.
I wonder how much of that, how many dollars were hit?
About thirty, man.
How much of that was really his money?
Eight bucks.
Yeah.
Who the hell are you kidding, man?
Just pay the affine.
And you know what they're saying?
Oh, we're fine.
Can you believe he's dead by the way, Dan's dead?
You can?
Well, I got two, don't I?
Well, I mean, it's a fact, we know that, but it's just, you know, he said, he said right there,
and slandered the hell out of Rob, what's his name?
Amoral.
Who plays on the young and the horny, who used to look really, I mean, I'm sure this still looks pretty good,
but, well, was he something and went through that whole game, business like that.
Oh, he's one of us, he's one of us.
And he was looking at you when he said it by the way, too.
I didn't know Rob Moore was a human, no me either.
Or Jewish.
955, we need 45 out to get to 1000 at which point the presses will stop all around the world.
Even in the Soviet Republic of Georgia, it's going to be on the front pages.
They're going to be singing Joe, Joe, you think so?
Ray Charles is going to make it come back just to sing it again, one more time, one more time.
But then again, don't, like what I tell you, Chris, don't call your chickens before they hatch, right?
Before they Richard Hatch?
Exactly.
And was Richard Hatch or Robert Hatch?
Was the real good looking guy?
It was on, what was that show?
And Rick Springfield was on it, too, that outer space show.
Battle Star Galactic?
Battle Star Galactic.
Richard original one.
Remember that?
Richard.
Richard Hatch?
Well, there was a Richard Hatch on that show, so I don't know who ultimates.
Oh, that's right, you wouldn't know if he was good looking or not, that's right.
I would know if he was on that show, because I was.
He was hotter than the center of the sun, that's how good looking he was.
Not as how does Rick Springfield once was many, many years ago when he was doing Linda Blair.
He was just like her, he was a real head turner.
Or maybe Lana Turner.
950, what do we got?
960, holy moly.
Now that it's within Cyprus, you can almost reach out and grab it, you know, and the pull result, too.
Yep.
God.
You see, George already is going to be counting the bonus money.
What?
I can't count it out.
You can't count that high?
Right, yeah.
You can't count that high.
I'm going to afford being without it, it's part of the...
Yeah, I can't count the niang, is that what you're trying to say?
I think we're going to get a little something, something.
Not that other part of the bonus, though, you know, for the entire station.
And probably because of weak morning numbers at nighttime.
Thanks to those panthers, by the way, they were killing us.
I got your breath, the beautiful tonight.
On the National Geographic Special.
After 14 months of sleep, Jacques has to observe subtle changes in his cruise behavior.
As we enter the Serre Gas Ros, I notice that Philip as a move is wetsuit and slipped into a poraca de choc Teddy with matching French carton days.
I am a guest.
By the entire crew of the clip saw, I suddenly changed into a picabou, lingerie, and porcia por azir.
Don't miss the season premiere of the Underwear World of Jacques Cousteau.
The sea is a strange mistletoe, and so is my first meet Jacques Cron.
The zoo man got it down.
Uh-oh. Tonight on PBS.
On 30 at 5.60 WNC, I traumatic Thursday, I'll sink with a hulio baby, it's really something.
We got 92 on air, we need only 18 boats and a half an hour.
Even Chris bullies we can do that, don't you?
Yes.
See?
And you know what's going to happen if we get there?
Yes!
I think we'll play those for like the rest of the show.
My dog will be on by the way to the 3-7.
I think he deserves a gold-starred and purple jelly bean for coming in for a full hour.
I mean, for an hour?
Before the Amarline game.
Yeah, well, it counts as a full show for him, so.
That's right, that's one of those 60 days of year that he worked, so I forgot about that.
Like I said, I take it back.
980 something man, 980 or 4.
We need 16.
I think we have to count them down, don't you?
Okay.
Well, I mean, you know, keep an eye on it, because if we get to a thousand like any time soon.
Yes!
I want to play that like 4,000 times.
And then after that, I want to play.
Yes!
Yes!
And maybe one or two of these.
Like that.
Well, that's not too bad.
I mean, it's good, but.
It's a little bit too short for the occasion, a little too curt.
96.
We are only 14 away.
See, George doesn't understand the significance of this.
That's right.
I don't either, but nevertheless, I pretend to see that.
That's why I'm a little bit better with the Miller being the drama queen that I am, you know?
Okay.
I'll look at George and drop him on an act of pretending to really care about this.
I look, Chris, when I write, we started out and I said 800 and you're probably like, oh, yeah, right?
Yes.
Then, I thought it would be like we had 7 something.
And I said, well, you know, we can really get to 900 today on this stupid ass poll about fat entertainers.
Now, see, I could have done something easy.
I couldn't put my own name on there, but I'm not nearly as fat as I used to be.
And that would have been like cheating, you know?
I could have put that on as an act of desperation saying, oh, well, if I put my name on there,
then we get an extra like 100 votes or something.
But I didn't do that, did I?
You know, we got fat, stomachos got a vote.
Clemens has got four now, oh, he's kicking ass.
He's kicking fat, smelly ass.
987, only 13 away.
See, I'm going to keep clicking that thing there where it says view current, you know?
988.
And every time you click that thing where it says view currents, a picture of liberal red fruits comes up.
The state judicial qualification commission is clear to Broward County Judge who any wrongdoing,
for making a comment that some called racist.
Remember this story about Judge Green?
Yes.
Circuit Judge Charles Green used the term NHI in April after jurors acquitted a defendant of attempted murder.
The victim defendant and witnesses in the case were all black.
All black.
Oh my God.
NHI stands for no humans involved.
The acronym is used to describe why some crimes against the poor minorities might not be investigated or pursued as thoroughly as possible.
Green said he made the comment to describe the credibility of the witnesses involved in the case,
not as a racist slur god forbid because vote camper would destroy him.
And it took from JQC just five minutes to clear him eyes to read quarterly judges' attorney Dale Sanders.
I wonder if he's candid colonel Sanders.
They bring your food at all over there at Kentucky Fried Chicken or not lately.
No, well, screw them.
Judge Green had no idea that the acronym was considered by some racial epithet Sanders,
and for anyone to think that he's racially biased, he just plain ludicrous speaking of that song I love that umbrella song.
What does that kind of do with ludicrous?
Well, that's as close to rap as I'm ever going to get you know, okay, maybe saran rap.
After some eye and aluminum before, which I still don't like buying because every time I try to like unwrapp it, unfold it out of there,
it always gets on the popsicle.
You know what I mean?
After some odd cryover Green's comments, he stepped down as the county chief criminal judge and was granted reassigned to the Civil Division,
where of course there are no humans involved.
I mean, NIH, I don't know, NHI, 988.
Come on, we can get this done a little bit faster than this, can we?
Oh, not, look at that.
You see that?
The Joe-95, they are putting the pedal to the metal, baby.
Yes!
Holy crap, rap man, they are right on the verge.
Now, is Joe coming in taking his pants down the other watch?
Excuse me?
Is it any of that Georgia's lap right now?
Yeah, I said he was going to come in there and dance naked, right on the countertop, right next to Chris.
He hasn't done that yet?
No.
Well, maybe he's got a big ass silent.
That he's working on right now.
I know he's got the first part of that, clicked.
Oh, oh, nine, 99.
How about a drum roll?
You can do it.
Actually, I don't want to do it too, but I don't want to do it.
I don't want to get away from these rock-and-missions.
What thousand?
Oh, no.
We got the thousand?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
And he forgot to say, you checked out that.
How do you like that, boys and girls?
And we got to dance with 24 minutes to the spear.
1,000, too, is what I see on my little screen here, 1,000 and two.
They work you to have a nice four-day weekend.
Yeah, I guess something.
I'm so part of this, I'm not coming back till Tuesday.
Okay.
That's how Thurillam with this accomplishment today.
They're going to put it on my tombstone.
On a secret a Julio, this battle queen got 1,000 plus votes on his pool.
And George still doesn't understand the significance.
Chris does.
All of you have a comment.
1,000, nine, see how they're coming and they put it on the left.
They put a last minute push on it to make sure we win over the top.
Thank you, folks.
Now you're supposed to say that, Chris.
Thank you, everybody.
Yeah, thank you, everybody.
And a horrible way that you always say that.
So, instant seren week.
Thank you, everybody.
You mean there you go.
You guys have so much more.
Almost we believe you mean it, see.
A little more enthusiasm.
A little project a little bit for Grant Allen instead of something like some old, some fat,
or whatever.
But off-shocks.
Thank you, everybody.
That's good.
Off-shocks is not bad.
Now what's the oldest you could be to go in and actually buy something and never come be in fit?
Thurillam, man.
I think that's right.
When you, George?
Okay, sure.
That leaves me out.
That's good excuse.
Right.
When you're not, listen, a guy that's making 15 cents an hour like you are.
That's right.
I'd be right as close as evercrombing a bitch.
Nope, nope.
I'll rate you.
I'll rate you radio station t-shirts, that's whatever.
Chris, they don't make your size there at that place.
Or me either.
They don't make clothes for huge tummy guys like you.
Do they?
Probably not.
I don't know.
I've never gone to one.
You have never gone to an evercromby in bitch.
You're one of those touch stores.
I'm not into that type of clothing, so.
And what does that mean?
That type of clothing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So in other words, all the clothes that you buy at evercromby in bitch are gay.
Is that what you're telling me?
All the clothes you buy are.
I don't buy any clothing, not for me anyway.
Okay.
Oh, I see.
You fare well in that case.
Well, who are you buying them for?
A friend.
And a see.
Is he what?
Gay.
Yeah, well that's just a coincidence.
Well, you're telling me that all the people who work and shop in there are gay.
Well, I haven't met all of them yet.
I'm trying.
Well, then you let me know.
Well, I will.
Well, no comment.
So if you can only buy up to age 30, how old can you be to still lear at it?
100.
If you're breathing.
Are you out of your gun?
Now, where is there one in there?
What malls are they in and so forth?
Probably gave in.
I know adventurer has one.
I've walked past one and I haven't sure of possibly one.
You walk past one?
Now, did you look in there when you went by?
Why did you just fly right on by?
Not anymore than I would look into any other store of women.
Well, why not?
Mixed from here.
Okay.
All right.
Man, let me tell you something, my juice big crap.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Hi, I'm Hillary Clinton and I'm holding a contest where you can pick my campaign song.
And I put all your suggestions on my new CD.
Now, that's what I call campaign music volume one.
Here's one by the electric light orchestra.
Hmm, not sure who suggested that one.
Let's try track two.
It's by Elton John.
I would have preferred.
I'm still standing.
Let's see what else there is.
Oh, here's something with Labour.
I like big spots in the gym and fly.
Baby got back.
Well, I think this pantsuit is very slimming.
I want to know who picked these songs.
Hey, baby.
Bill, I should have known.
Don't worry, honey.
I picked out Tug's a great Hillary song.
Like, baby got back.
Fat bottom girls.
She's so cold and my personal favorite.
She bangs.
You know that's not true.
Tell me about it.
Now, that's what I call campaign music volume one.
It's not available in stores.
Cold now.
I'm 44 or 16, go through a queue.
And this has been a banner day, baby.
It's a thank god that the bitch is back.
Either her or me.
1044 on a poll.
1044.
We can make 1100 of them.
They're crispy.
You really pushed.
Wow.
Wow.
See, that's a good sign.
George doesn't understand the significance of that.
There must be somebody at least, you know, 40-50 people listening.
We just vote a lot.
Okay.
Like Twin Jacques Cousteau is of the political world.
How do you like that?
President Bush and Congress are probing the depths of public opinion polling.
As voters exasperated over a rack immigration, other issues,
give them strikingly low grades.
Not just low, but strikingly low.
Oh my god.
They were marketless, span.
They proved that people voiced it for the job.
Bush is doing his sunk to record lows for his presidency in the AP episodes
and other polls and recent weeks, dipping within sight of Nixon's levels during Watergate.
Turkey dick.
Honestly, from Republicans hoping to hold the White House and we kept your Congress next year,
Bush's supporters plunged the Munkorgi OP groups like Evangelicals on pivotal independent swing voters.
They're swinging it.
Congress is doing about the same.
Like Bush lawmakers are winning a poll by roughly three in ten.
You know what that is?
About 30, man.
For some.
Such levels are significantly low for a president and poor, but less unusual for Congress.
The big thing would be the war, said independent Richard McDonald 56.
It retired printer from Red and California.
I don't think he knew what he got us into when he got us into it.
As for Congress, McDonald, said it's just the same old, same old would be a lot of promises they don't keep.
Bush was risking more on popularity by community and school to lobby his prison term in the CIA lead case.
And his refusal to rule out a full pardon, polls in March after the former White House's AIDS conviction showed two out of three opposed to a pardon.
Will I pick your pardon?
The public's dissatisfaction may be more serious for Republicans because even though Bush can't run again,
he is the face of the GOP, and for it's not a pretty one, I'll tell you that.
He will remain that until his party picks its 2008 presidential nominee and through the campaign if Democrats can keep him front and center.
Everything about this race will be about George Bush and the messy left representative,
Rahm Emanuel, Democrat of Illinois.
Member of the House Democratic leadership said about two thousand eight, he'll be on the ballot.
Congress's numbers could signal danger from majority Democrats since the academic law ratings just before the GOP 94 take over the House and Senate.
And Democratic capture both chambers last November.
But unlike the president, Congress usually has low approval ratings no matter which party is in control.
And poor poll numbers have not always met the majority suffered on election day.
Voters usually show more to state for Congress as an institution rather than for their own representative whom they pick.
A majority in AC and an opinion research corporation, Surrey and Lay Jones, that Democratic controller Congress was bent for the country in only 42%
and approved of what Democratic leaders have done this year when Democrats failed to force Bush to change policy on a rack.
Republican strategists hope that the mood will help the GOP in congressional elections.
The voters voted for change, they expected change, and they see the institution still incapable of getting anything done to GOP poster Lynda DeVal.
The abysmal numbers are already affecting how Bush and Congress are governing and candidates positioning for two thousand eight.
The abysmal numbers, I like it.
Bush's doleful numbers speak for themselves, it says.
Abysmal doleful.
In early June AP episodes, poll 32% approved his work time as low in the survey.
Other June polls in which he said or tied his personal worst including 27% by CBS News, 31% by Fox News Opinion Dynamics, 32% by CNN, and only 26% by Newsweek,
20 states, baby, or evasemir.
I like that 26%.
The Gallup polls lowest present, so approval rating, ever was Truman in 51-52, 23% during the Korean War, compared with Nixon's 24%,
Turkey Dick days before he resigned August 74.
Bush knocks the best over 90% days after the terrorist attacks of 9-11.
The AP's June survey showed that compared with an AP exit poll of voters in November 2004, Bush's approval was down among swing voters, they're swinging it away.
It support drop from about half independence to a fifth, from half to a third of Catholics, and from nearly half to a fifth of moderates about 20%.
Among usually loyal GOP voters, his approval was down from 8-10 to roughly half of both conservatives and weight evangelicals, not fitting.
Congress had a 35% of approval rating in May, polls in June found 27% of approval by CBS News, 25% by Newsweek and 24% by Gallup.
Congress's all-time Gallup low was 18% pardon me, during the 1992 scandal over the House Post Office transactions, it's high was 84% just after 9-11.
In the AP poll, lawmakers want to approve of nearly about 3-10 Midwesterners, independents, and married people with children, pivotal groups both parties court aggressive.
So in other words, the message there is Congress sucks, but there's a post in which we always know that they do, and that's how business is usual, but this president sucks so much bigger and worse than almost anybody except the Truman at his low and tricky dick.
How you like that?
A rat.
I wouldn't even be surprised if they would have had polls back when Warren Harding was in there, he might have done okay.
With his old T-Pot Dome.
1060 man, 1060, 1060 votes on the poll.
Probably be better instead of my bragging about how many votes we got if I talk about what was on there, right?
Right.
What's your favorite, who's your favorite fat entertainer of all time?
And it's John, what is that?
John Candy is on top, can you believe that?
Fat Canadian boy by the way, John Candy, you know that?
All the S-I-T-D people.
192, Jackie Gleason 180, Jackie had been leading all the way until you disdied him, and all of a sudden he's far fallen.
He's got 180, John Belushi's got 162, it's a 152, it's a three-way house race.
Marlon Brando, goose up nicely, he's got 83.
You notice how these numbers have been, and that's because we all had a big surge of vote.
It's the surge.
Our surge is working, but she's ain't.
And nobody died in this one yet.
Although a lot of these people on the list had Marlon Brando, 83, what do you think he died from by the way?
Fat.
Chris Farley, 77, what do you think he died from?
Fat.
Sam Kirsten, 36.
Car crash.
Oh, WC Field, 36.
Tom DeLoweyes, who hasn't died yet, was just one of them, seven wonders of the world, 33.
Can you believe he's still alive?
Mm-hmm.
Ron Jeremy 29, who isn't but oughta be, notorious B.I.G. 23, he must have been the fat.
Fat Bullet.
Yeah, big fat one.
Eurethra's got 23, meatloaf 21.
Oliver Hardy of Laurel and Hardy 20, long since dead.
Rosio Donald 19, we only wish.
I see he's in where somebody would be dead, but in her case, will we all make an exception?
Yes, yes.
Divine 17, Orson Walsh 16, Luciano Paparote 14.
Rosanne 13, John Goodman 13, Joe Black 13.
Who's that again?
Luther Vandross 12, Raymond Burr 8, Mama Cas 8, Mama Cas, Richard Castelano Clemenza 4, Queen Latipo 4, Mel Carter 3.
Ricky Lake 2, Rav Griffin 2, Hey Merv, you're Farley.
Louis Anderson 2, Kristie Ali 2, Fat Salman, how can Antoine Fat Stoutler have only one vote?
That's because we put him on late, isn't that the reason?
That's it.
Jennifer Hertzin 1, or Cameron Mannheim 1, out of 1067.
That is a staggering number.
I wouldn't be surprised if Joe comes in and announces right now he's going to give you the bonus whether we really make it or not.
Just based on today's phenomenal show.
Right.
What, you don't think?
Yeah, they're going to give Chris one too.
Hey, sounds good to me.
Is that going to be before we're actually doing a pulls his pants down?
Oh, it's part of his own Christmas film.
Hopefully before.
No.
I think you'd put up with it.
I think you'd let him, if you get a nice big fat bonus, you'd let him...
If I was in his bonus, I would be holding my breath and saying shoot away.
Oh, kind of takes me back to that trip and hamster damn.
If Jesus walked deep for today, and one is to lose weight.
I cherish it.
And if I was in hypothetical, to lose it to an excise would be quite a feat.
Even for Jesus.
So here's the question.
What would Jesus eat?
Swiss cheese, posse holy, miracle whip.
He'd have no other.
Thomas's English muffins doubted.
Virgin Bloody Mary.
Honor his mother.
Lucky charms.
You guys are supposed to sing to be cured the leprechauns.
He did not actually cure leprechauns.
What he did was be cured leprechauns.
Not leprechauns.
Oh, I'm not leprechauns.
This is something very different.
Leprechauns.
Okay, here's an angel pool paper.
That's better.
Devil Pam.
No way.
Hurts of Pam.
Tell us more on ice cream.
Make us make a palm all for a name.
Yes, yes.
Yes, yes.
All right.
That was Jesus.
What is it?
Thank you, both buddy.
Oh, man.
And then, because he went to buy his groceries.
He'd redeemed coupons and all the stores employees.
And he went cross-frame to get all trim and fits.
And one thing that he would not eat.
He would not eat.
He would not eat.
He had so much.
Talk about Jesus' worth.
Uncle Ben's converted rice.
He's a heathen.
She's burger and paradise.
Chicken alakim.
Hold the alapop.
Yes, chicken.
What?
Popeyes chicken.
No, I think you need to call my chicken.
Popeyes chicken.
Popeyes chicken.
All right.
Did I do that again?
I missed red bag.
He was a carpenter, but their diet would not do.
Caron carpenter's dieting proved it isn't good for you.
He wouldn't eat just a proof.
He was a real man.
And since he was raised Jewish, he'd have to pass on the heavenly hand.
That was Jesus' worth.
Oh!
Don't know, my.
Bye, bye, bye!
