No person in this program will be produced without the express written permission
See you in my hair on the show
and the Bbqa cascabee incorporated
Oh, oh, see you!
Here you go, mage
Yes, talent
How are we all going to wrap?
And you're home for Miami Dolphin's football
Hey, I'm a cascabee
Sports radio, 560 WQAM
Oh, why?
Miami, for the Lutterdale
If there's a butt-ass melaton
It was the dumbest heist in Las Vegas history
Hundreds of dollars worth of meaningless
poor home memorabilia was for the taking
It a plan that can dig effort for OJ's 11
I don't know why you just don't ask for this stuff back
Don't stupid
Not anymore
The print of pencil
What's that, you mean?
Oh, look at you go ahead and do it
How would it be?
I'm hot!
You're pretty so, J.
You're pretty so, J.
Too hasty no time of all sorts of stuff
I'll just pay the race, caught a Dan and go free
He's not a point, Joe
That memorabilia belongs to me
It was given to me by my daughter and fan
You'll have plenty of fans where you're going, Mr.
We're back to Florida
Well, what a punishment that would be
A 10 a 1 at 5 60 WQAM happy Wednesday to you
What, thank you
And 10 45 this morning where our time 7 45
And a 1 bigest time we're going to be having at hearing
That a rain man
Yeah, and they're saying that he just might be set free
They might post that they might said bail
And some some some spender come along and put it up
Here we go, here's 100,000 OJ
No problem, don't spend it all in one place
He he he like that
At any rate, so what could be all over that in fact
On his arms and his legs
Party
I'm Chris, we know OJ's been making them
OJ this, OJ that, well we're getting to that heavy duty
Thank you, OJ, for giving a whole world something to talk about
To take our minds off all those innocent people who are dying
And all the butchery and murder and bloodshed and crap
Well, of course his murders we're still talking about
Here's the poll from yesterday, what's your take on OJ Simpson?
1450 vote
He's pure scum, 416
I hope he wroughts in jail, 400
I hope they kill him in jail, 342
Kill him in jail, baby
I hate him like poison 98
So you put all those together and you got a pretty ugly picture
He's misunderstood 70
I guess it was John Wayne Gacy
And so as David Berkowitz misunderstood he had some issues
You know, don't you love that expression?
He has issues
Or he needs a little bit of management
He's an angry guy
Right
I'm a huge fan, 61
4.2% of this audience say they're a huge fan of OJ Simpson
That's enough to make me caca
Although I don't need any help
He's a sociopath 47 and I'm a fan 16
Not a huge fan but just you know
Like a ceiling fan
So 5.3% still have the audacity of a chutzpah
To say they're a fan of this murdering slime ball
This sociopath lunatic
Piece of walking scum
A turd on two legs
How's the poll for today coming?
Well Charlie B
I sent you away
I got one from him this morning
How do you like these people
Whatever the percentage was at the time
We don't like Erosmith
And I wrote him back a caustic email saying exactly what you're saying
And that is that no matter what group the poll is on
And this is his new claim to fame
He sent 85 polls and they're all the same
What's your favorite Erosmith song?
What's your favorite Marvin Gaye song?
With the list
What is that?
Because if we put what's your favorite Marvin Gaye song
The majority are going to say I hate Marvin Gaye
If we put what's your favorite beach boy song
The majority are going to say I hate the beach boys
What's your favorite Erosmith song of all time?
Guess what the majority are saying?
Well not a majority but I mean the number one vote
They're saying I hate Erosmith
I hate Erosmith
Steven Towers should run the hell
I hate Erosmith 169
It's 23.4%
And by the way
Sweet emotion, green line and walk this way
Are the top right
Both get her so far I don't have anyone
I voted for this
Oh
I love it
I hate Erosmith 171
Sweet emotion 101, green line 79
Walk this way 64
Walk this way
Not that way, not like
Uh, Jeannie's got a gun, 35
How the hell can Jeannie's got a gun, have a look
I don't want to miss a thing 35
Back to the saddle, 35
Get out of here
How the crap is that?
Good
Dude looks like a lady 24
Living on the edge, we got my vote 23
How can you not love that song?
It was difficult for me because there's so many great songs
Yeah
Living on the edge is, yeah
No, dude looks like a lady
Oh
Oh hey Spencer
I want to Spencer's dead
We need to add big ten inches
You add big ten inches
You add big ten inches
Something's wrong with eyes
Well we don't want to play
Yeah, a whole bunch of people
Yeah, how Spencer doing with the dude looks like a lady
Remember those days?
No, fair with her friend
Spencer the car wash man
Dude looks like a lady 24
Living on the edge, 23
Ragdoll 20
Love in the elevator, 18
What it takes, 16
Angel only, 14
Cry in only, 13
Oh my god
What is wrong with you people?
Cry in has only got 13 votes
That could be
That could be the greatest song ever made
And I didn't vote for it
You don't text?
Yeah
But anyway
I will have time to play them all
Because it will be like playing music
Although that will kill the whole show
The other side, eight, come together, seven, jaded, five
Falling in love with his heart on the knees, five
Walk on water, two, dooses are wild, two
Fly away from here one and blind man
Solamente uno
What about amazing?
Amazing?
Oh, it's got 11, excuse me
I'm not sure
Amazing?
Crying?
Living on the edge
Yeah, those three
And anybody doesn't like Erosmith
Their taste is in their pluses
Okay, how do you like that?
That's my comment to anybody who doesn't like Erosmith's music
Whether you like them personally or not
Who the hell cares about that
But their music is beyond reproach
It's sensational
I shat even out of you
I shat even out of you
He's one of the trillions Steven Tyler
I shat argue with you
Well, there you go
We do have 743 vote on there
Those are, I think, Chris can read easy today
Although when you're as fat as Chris's
It's not easy to read easy
But nevertheless
Probably choking on your own fat
So am I adding a big tenage?
If you want, why not?
Okay
See, there's another disc that has all those other ones on there
And obviously you've got it there
Which I bought with my own hard earned money
Like most of my CDs that are still there
One of these days you know, you might want to box up
I guess it's not a good idea
They don't have to pay like duty on it or something
I don't want to do the on my CDs
World watching is OJ returns to court
There we go, I've got 7000 OJ stories
And only 38 minutes from now
They're going to be having that arrangement
In Vegas, 1045 and AMR time
Wow
Like somebody said only moments ago
It gets really intense
OJ Simpson's initial court appearance this morning
Could it determine whether the Kindle resident or main jail
Does he faces robbery and kidnapping charges
Says, you're a Miami hero
By the way, I got that thing straight now
With the signing up for the hero
Oh, okay
With that password
And oh, geez
Much of idiots
Simpson, 60 is scheduled for a bill here in the arrangement
You know something I'm going to make that my life goal
To outlive OJ Simpson
Everybody has to have an ultimate goal in life
I don't have to, but I'm going to outlive that son of a bitch
He's scheduled for a bill here in the arrangement at 745 local time
1045 hour time in front of Clark County judge Anne Zimmerman
Reporters and satellite trucks were camped outside the courthouse overnight
An anticipation of the hearing
Simpson was charged Tuesday with 10 felonies and one gross misdemeanor
Stemming from that incident last week at the Palo Station
Kissino Hotel, a real dump
Prosecutors say Simpson and several other men violently confronted two sports member
Beadea dealers and took collectibles out of the dealers hotel room
Police are arrested Simpson Sunday in connection with the hotel
And some of these been in the county jail cell since the arrest with a nice tourlet
Simpson and several other men went to the hotel room
Under the pretext of brokering a deal with Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromon
Two long time collectors of Simpson remember be deported charging documents released yesterday
Investigators said Simpson and the other men enter the room and at gunpoint
Order the collectors to hand over several items once owned by the high-spin trophy winner
I just want my Schmidt back that's all hey that's why I went in a gunpoint
And didn't allow them to leave the room either by the way
That's the kidnapping part
Beardsley told police that one of the men with Simpson brand is to semi-automatic pistol
First of them and impersonate the police officer
The kidnapping charges file Tuesday accused Simpson and three other men
Of detaining each of the collectors against their will and without their consent for the purpose of committing a robbery
The memorabilia taken from the room included football gained ball signed by Simpson
Joe Montana lithographs baseballs autographed by Pete Rosen dukes Snyder
And framed awards and plaques together valued as much as a hundred grand
Some of the loot was stuffed into pillowcases stripped off the bed according to the police
From mom a crucial witness was in critical condition today after suffering a heart attack today before
A spokesperson with the CDR's Mount Sinai Medical Center in LA told the API
I didn't hear that yet. That's the first I'm heard about that what about you
Yep. Simpson's money to turn the yellow galanter Yanta told reporters he planned to waste the judge for Simpson release on his own record
In the charges we intend to vigorously represent Mr. Simpson and all charges we believe ultimately he will he'll be found not guilty
Galanter said yeah
Two others named in the complaint water Alexander 46 and current store 53 have been arrested and released
A fourth suspect Michael McClinton 49 of Vegas surrounded the police Tuesday
Police describe him as a key player and he suspected theft
Police were also seeking two other suspects who may hadn't identified but said were captured on surveillance images taken last week at the palestation
Simpson and three other men are charged with two counts of first-degree kidnapping two counts of robbery and with use of deadly weapon
Berglory while the possession of a deadly weapon two counts of assault with the deadly weapon conspiracy to commit kidnapping conspiracy to commit robbery and a misdemeanor conspiracy to commit a crime
In court in Santa Monica David Cook attorney for Fred Goldman accused Simpson of sitting on a treasure trove of sports member beta
He was wondering the multimillion dollar judgment against him but both cook and Simpson were around slight so they had no idea what the items were
And slights argued it was unclear whether Simpson were beyond any of them
Cook also filed a new request to get Simpson's watch which he described as a Rolex Submariner
Submariner? Sure
A Rolex take a pick
They saw the a football star wearing a photo featured on the celebrity website TMZ.com such watches sell for five grand or more
He also argued that Simpson was wealthy citing a 2003 tax for mitigated income of 400 grand
Slates note Simpson has expenses for his three children he has a right like everybody else to be protected under law
Slates said right
Slates also said Simpson is repeatedly offered a settlement judgment with the Golden Family
It's inconceivable that the father of a murder victim would sit and haggle said cook
You think he's a schnook?
Said cook?
Might've been
Take a look
Give a cook
760 votes on that poll
I'll tell you the pressure is mounting like crazy and then of course if you're just blown away by that story
We've got the taser to goofball in the gainsville
What work had you want?
This is what drives America isn't it drives the media?
Is this crap?
From that it's after 10 to 560 WDQAM we got the mad dog at 2 the power hour with mad dog and the humber together
Between 4 and 5 humber goelberg between 5 and 7 humber if you like her
Marlins on decades 705 Marlins at Atlanta how they do last night Chris?
Yeah they'll let's
Again?
Yeah
Well they'll try to sell this one game out of that series with the brave tonight at the 735
Followed by game night with Eddie the K week after week more and more people are taking advantage of meals
Have price deals on WDQAM.com
And now it's time for another new restaurant offer starting Thursday, Mannyanna
You can buy 50 dollar gift certificates for 25 bucks to left these tavern and grill on state road 84 in Davy
They offer fantastic food in a truly fun atmosphere
Go for lunch or dinner or meet your friends for drinks and happy hour
Dinner on phrase include grilled or blackened dolphin fresh salmon fillet, snow crabs, king crab, lobster, pasta, chicken and veal dishes and lots more
Their steaks filet menu on a near strip are grilled to perfection and their raw bars outstanding too
Try their sandwiches salads and their famous chicken wings and absolute must
Left these tavern and grill on state road 84 just west of high this road you can call them at 9.5.4.4.7.4.14.10
And thanks to yours truly even by 50 dollar gift certificates and half priced as 25 bucks and the store opens at noon tomorrow
But I fast because once those are gone that's the infinito bye bye I still have Easter
Don't forget starting at noon tomorrow on WDQAM.com
What's the biggest name? The best out here is no largest 435.60 QAM.
Thanks. Forth later.
So that the lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Absolutely.
I am the agent
My current never ends pretty soon ever depends on me so agent I can no longer be cause you see my
I must say good has he
melodied
into
1017 at 560 WQM where South Florida hates aerosmiths like boys and boys.
Of course, South Florida hates you too.
Emotions.
Oh, we got them all, but we don't have time to play them all though.
You never know.
That we do.
Look at this.
Marlon Ticket hit.
What's this?
Something new from our promo promotion guy?
I didn't read it.
Marlon fans joined WQM today from noon to 1 p.m. in front of Konheim's Clubhouse
wheel at 50-1-81 Sheridan Street in Hollywood for another Marlon's Ticket hit.
Get tickets to the Marlon's Mink game this Sunday.
It's often stating why they last from 560 WQM.
Noon to 1, we got a Ticket hit.
And of course, you know, probably mostly be Mets fans there anyway.
I would assume.
Wouldn't you think so, Chris?
Yeah, of course.
So let's have a couple of Marlon fans if there are any.
Any Marlon fans out there?
No.
Come on, we love the Marlins.
They win once in a great while.
Come on.
Not too often though, but once in a great while, they surprise you and throw in a win.
Just for a variety of sake.
So I mentioned that a few times.
Ryan made about the Ticket hit noon to 1 at Konheim's Clubhouse wheel at 50-1-81 Sheridan
Street in Prestige's Hollywood.
That's not too far from your house, is it?
Nope, not that far at all.
Well, maybe you want to go over there.
We'll give you off for a few minutes to go over there and maybe get you some more tickets
all the way.
I guess not.
Well, you know, all of a sudden you'd become a big Marlon fan if we said, yeah, you can
get all the Marlins tickets you want.
I know.
And so can they, although they'd have to pay for them.
So be sure to go over and do that.
780 votes on that poll.
We got a thousand made today, although we're not going to get no 1,400 during the show
like we did yesterday on the OJ poll.
Let's take another OJ poll.
What do you say, S-bag or what?
D-bag, S-bag?
D-bag?
Weed Bizzbag.
You know, what was the, was it called Bizz?
It was a long-reed surgeon.
Remember that weed Bizzbag?
That's right.
Remember that spot?
Mm-hmm.
Well, you must be old like me then.
Ain't nobody else remembers that.
Weed Bizzbag.
What a stupid.
Sounds almost pornographic.
Can I squeeze you?
Weed Bizzbag?
At any rate, Mary Shaw, I'm smirking Chimp asked a really interesting question and she's
got some nerve to ask it, by the way.
Does OJ really matter?
Come on, Mary.
Who are you anyway?
Oh, no.
Once again, OJ Simpson is dominating US mainstream media this time for allegedly breaking into Las
Vegas hotel room with some friends armed with handguns.
Why?
Well, allegedly, he recovered some OJ memorabilia that he believed was rightfully his.
Um, like he believed Nicole was rightfully his, even after his divorce.
Oh, never mind, I don't care.
At least, I mean, I shouldn't care.
I shouldn't give a damn about OJ, just like I shouldn't give a damn about Britney Spears
or Paris Hilton, and neither should you.
But even while we make an honest effort to avoid the junk TV, even when we force ourselves
to watch only the cable news channels, hoping to witness some relevant developments of the
day, hoping to actually learn something, what do we see?
We see OJ's mugshot.
I guess it's supposed to get us excited, draw us in, mmm, scandal, juicy, embarrassing,
life-altering scandal.
Someone getting caught like you're sure you never will be.
We see Marsha Clark, one of the prosecutors in the original OJ, Trial for Nicole's murders,
suggesting that we should have listened to her back in the 90s.
We see Larry King discussing OJ's latest adventures with Cato Caylan, as if Cato can offer any
incident to OJ's psyche in this particular century.
And more, Loddy Dye, emphasis on the Dye.
Dye.
Meantime, George W. Bush is tapping your phone calls without a court warrant.
American soldiers are dying in Iraq, along with even more innocent Iraqi men, women, and
babies.
The polarized caps are melting fast.
47 million Americans don't have health insurance, and Dick Cheney is itching for a war with
Iran.
So, all things considered, should we or rather why do we care about OJ, or Brittany, or
Paris, does America really want only fluffy, mindless entertainment?
Absolutely.
Can America not handle the every truth of what's really going on in this company around the
world?
I mean, the life and death stuff that really matters?
No.
Never mind, I suppose those questions are really rhetorical ones.
Unfortunately.
Mary Shry, Philadelphia-based writer and activist on this working champ.
That's what Mary, that's Mary's take.
Why do we care?
We shouldn't care, but even she admits that she cares.
She can't stop caring.
The George doesn't want to care, but you care, don't you?
About what?
About what?
OJ.
No, no, no.
I don't care.
Yes, and I don't admit it.
You're a fat liar for accusing me of that.
Wow.
I don't care.
You know what we got now, a lot of the way you make good, all of Massachusetts, you
call.
For more about Arizona, no doubt.
What about Angela?
How come that's only got so I don't understand.
Only 14 votes?
Like, go.
Third, third, more or less proper voter.
What is it?
Are you even moving your mouth a little bit?
Are you making sounds to your mouth again on the way?
I'm off the heat with my mouth full.
I don't know how to do it any other way.
I'm off the heat.
You're not really eating or you're not.
I'm the 10th.
I could tell you still.
Uh huh.
I can't back the closing.
There are any 80s here.
Let's hear it.
I'm the crazy.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Yeah, I'm the low right place.
Let me say it again.
Anybody who doesn't like arosmiths should be probably a beheaded.
They should be taken to chop, chop, square and have their head chopped off.
Oh, there's a bunch of them.
Pump again.
Don't tease me bro.
Don't tease me.
The black eye as a civil discourse didn't occur.
I have admitted that.
I'm embarrassed by it.
And I don't want it to happen again.
I didn't do anything.
Don't hate me bro.
Don't hate me.
I didn't do it.
I wouldn't get there in my life.
Yelp.
I refuse to leave Senator John Kerry.
I'll allow him.
Now, for example.
God.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
Hello.
Not to impose, but I can't see your shoe.
Would you mind moving your shoe a little bit closer?
Like my kind of man.
So big and so strong.
Not that I'm gay.
Although the liberal medium might have you think differently.
It's just sometimes I can't think straight.
Good morning.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
Hey sailor.
Why if I take a gander at your blender?
I'm really not gay, you know.
Trust every now and then I'd like to lick a meat pot.
Hello.
I am not gay.
I am not gay.
Anyway, it's 10.32 and we got some really exciting news.
11 o'clock this morning.
I've had to wait until we can kill the whole last three hours of our show.
It won't take that long.
All we can replay it over and over again.
The OJ hearing.
The Arraying Man.
Okay.
And you know what they say if it doesn't fit your full-ish mitt.
Is that what they say?
Johnny Coquing won't be there because he's dead.
Right.
Christ.
And the Bobby Shapiro and Alan Vouchowicz won't be there either.
816 votes on the Erosmith.
I will say this much, Charlie Beelie.
We're getting a lot of votes on there.
Although 184 are still far in a way that top vote getter.
I hate Erosmith 22.5%.
That's just sacrilegious is what that is.
Mm-hmm.
It's bad.
Bad.
Do the lack of leader.
Do the lack of leader.
About that again there's no accounting for tastes.
I've always told you for years and years and years, for 100 years.
Vanilla ice cream.
Just stop and think about that.
Every time you wonder about bad taste.
Vanilla ice cream.
Or then think about Fox News.
Okay, which is an actually more on within itself.
Fox News.
And the morons that watch that swill.
Well, I get my news from Rupert Birdock from Fox.
Yeah, all right.
President Bush's former UN ambassador John Bolton says the US would stand behind a preemptive strike by Israel against countries developing WMD facilities.
He is a crazy person.
John McCain.
John Bolton.
Like that.
Maybe too much time.
Like Euleria Craigler.
Too much time in the John.
In his remark printed in the yesterday's edition of the Israeli Daily, Yediot Aquinoct.
Bolton directly referenced Iran.
Idiot astronaut.
Idiot Aquinoct.
The greatest concern is to prevent Iran and other countries in the region from requiring nuclear weapons, Bolton, said according to JTA.org, a Jewish news service.
A Jewish news service.
How can a news service be Jewish?
Or Gentile? Or like a Muslim?
I don't get it.
There you go.
We're talking about a clear message to Iran.
Maybe it's circumspect.
We're talking about a clear message to Iran.
Israel has the right to self defense and that includes offensive operations against WMD facilities that pose a threat to Israel.
The US would justify such attacks just like that attack on lesbian on that went so well.
And the summertime that was really that one we really went well.
Then what's that going to be over?
Bolton's remarks following Israeli history on Syria September 6 against what US officials described as an effort to attack nuclear material the country received from North Korea.
Nobody thinks the use of forces in attractive option Bolton continued.
Any more than they think that he's attractive.
But let's come down to the real question is the use of force in an alternative preferable to Iran having nuclear weapons.
No question about it in my view, he said.
Bolton added that any Iranian strike would involve a limited air strike on uranium enrichment targets rather than invasion like Iraq.
He disagreed with a retired general John Abbasade who said today,
I believe that we have the power to deter Iran should have become nuclear Bolton de Mird.
He de Mird.
Well look at that they got a deadlock jury.
There is a Phil Spectrum, my God.
Now the legendary record producer.
Holy cow, he might as well come so please.
Oh please do.
She committed suicide.
Be my big head.
Be my ball.
I like that the most.
I like that the most.
Yeah, that the Ronets.
Be my, be my baby.
In fact, I'm at Brian Wilson biography.
The show I was telling you about last week, he was obsessed with that the song.
Be my baby by the Ronets.
And that whole Phil Spectrum thing.
Who you like better?
Phil Spectrum, Arlen Spectrum.
Anyway, the notion that living under the threat of a possible use of Iranian nuclear weapons may appeal to some people,
but it's not the kind of life I want to live.
I don't think it's the kind of life that people in Israel for example,
or other American friends and allies in the region are happy to live with, he said, Bolton.
As for Israel, has the capability of a strike around yet?
In fact, it's so clear that on the MIT website, there's a paper by two individuals that detail for open sources,
just exactly how the Israelis could do it.
That's right there on the web.
How to do it?
By how to build your own bomb, how to blow up the world, all of these are insane.
All of these things.
How to go into the chop, OJ's neck off would be good?
Stop, stop.
Yeah, just to wouldn't doubt chop it out.
What else are we going to play by Erasmith?
Well, just a little touch.
That's the way you'd be.
What is it?
Just enough to what you're being.
Yeah, just enough to what our beak.
All right.
Don't be like saying, I don't like rocky road ice cream.
I don't understand people, but I mean there are people who taste buds obviously are flawed.
Maybe there's some people whose taste buds were scraped off once upon a time.
You know how some people burn off their fingerprints?
Yeah, maybe they drink really hot scolarsly.
Because they don't want to be ever identified because they're slime balls and when they do the crime they don't want to do the time.
So they like burn off their fingerprints.
I think maybe some of the same stuff happens with taste buds.
Take like a sharp knife and scrape the taste buds right off your tongue.
I don't know how you do that.
Hot coffee.
Hot coffee.
What is it?
Hot coffee.
They scalded their taste buds off.
You can't scald your taste buds off.
We're making the stuff.
Oh, yeah, there you go.
I drink some really super hot coffee and you'll scald your taste buds off.
And then that's a good way to lose weight too because nothing you eat will have any taste you wouldn't enjoy it.
I can't imagine life without eating good food.
I just are even not good food necessarily but food that I like.
It doesn't mean it's good food.
Good stuff.
Good crap.
827 votes, Charlie B. I don't know.
We'll see how this goes.
And by the way, you Marlon fans, don't forget.
I'm pumping this because Boa bitch had to be lined up from here to Jacksonville.
Remember Matt from Jacksonville was that his name?
My close personal friend, the soccer player.
I don't think that was his name.
I think you're Ron Brandon.
That was his name.
What was his name?
Mark, I'll find him on my space thing.
Mark.
Mark.
Very good.
How do you like that?
Chris remembers the hot guys.
Mark.
Get with it, Brandon.
His name was Mark, you idiot.
Marlon fans joined WQM today from Noondah, 1 p.m.
in front of Konoins Clubhouse.
We were located at 5181 Sheridan Street in Hollywood for another Marlon's ticket hit.
What does that mean?
Another one.
I don't know.
We ever had one.
When Miguel was here, we had stuff going on.
It was before you read them.
What?
This season?
Yes.
Get out of here.
You're a crazy person.
Okay.
And you're a senile person.
If we had a Marlon's ticket hit during this season, I'm going to get on my hands and knees and lick your shoes.
Of course, you'll have to get me there first and there's no chance.
Get tickets to the Marlon myth game this Sunday at Dolphin Stadium.
Why did I have to get from 560 WQM if I did a Marlon hit this season for these tickets like this?
I'll send you a certified check for $80 trillion.
Okay.
Where can I cash it?
Bank of Uranus?
Can't.
Yeah, in Uranus.
Oh, I think that the check for my car is going to be going through today for sure.
That means I can probably pick it up this afternoon and tomorrow.
That's when the hell is going to all break loose.
Look at that gigantic blob off the state of Florida there.
Wow.
It is just huge, humongous.
And it's right there just east.
It looks like it's moving north.
It's a disturbance is what she's saying.
Where it is.
Noah running the hurricane models on it now.
And take a look at these spaghetti models are all over the playoff model.
The spaghetti model.
So it's going to be a topic that happens.
The entire state of Florida is going to be covered with pasta.
The people are going to be running in the streets screaming,
Basta, Conelapasta.
They are going to be running in the streets screaming, Basta, Conelapasta.
That happened by tomorrow.
And then after that, look at the broad range here.
Wow.
Look at the broad.
I think you're a line of some of them bringing it all the way over towards Texas.
But most of them at this time moving it to the central Gulf.
Well, she wore skirts that were any shorter.
She'd have to start using the blue blades.
Her 134 votes on the aerospace myth poll.
It's not, you know, it's okay.
We're getting a lot of votes on it.
I hate aerospace myth.
185.
That still continues to.
22.1%.
Kate Aerospace like Florida, she wished she had a McDonald.
Wish she would have gag on a coatball.
Can you imagine the fight between him and Sally fits for that bottle?
I hate aerospace myth 186.
Sweet emotion, 113.
Dream on, 98.
Walk this way, 74.
Jayne's got a gun, 44.
I'm disturbed by that.
Back in the saddle, 41 out of one of Mr. Thing, 36.
Dude looks like a lady, 29.
What was the song from the movie from the Apollo movie that is not on here, I don't think.
Now what?
Yeah, a problem.
No, from the Space Cadet movie.
Yeah, with Bruce Willis.
Right.
What was that song?
I don't want to miss a thing.
Oh, very good.
I still miss you, baby.
I don't want to miss a thing.
It's there.
Dude looks like a lady, 29.
Living on the edge, only 24, which shows your taste really is in your tuchus.
Ragdoll, 21.
Loving an elevator, 20.
What it takes, 18.
There's too many on here.
I've got to read all of these.
What it takes, 18.
Last child, 16.
Angel, only 15.
Really bad taste.
Crying, only 14.
Crazy, only 14.
Amazing, a 14.
Eat the rich 12, pink 10.
Come to get a 9.
The other side 8.
Jaded 7.
Falling in love, as hard on the knees 5.
Big 10 inch 2.
Walk on water 2.
Duces are wild 2.
Is that Ducer Duc.
Fly away from here 1 and blind man.
Soliment, they unorb.
838 award winning.
Both.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
Oh.
No logic.
Sportage of 5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Now, inside addition.
Why did it go so badly for Britney at the MTV Awards?
Apparently, according to I witness, she showed up rehearsal 3.5 hours late.
And she walks in with a frozen margarita.
I've had an Red of Sowers and...
I love Red one right now.
Britney was partying, drinking tequila from a bottle.
And disrobing.
Oh my bad, Ducer Ducer!
I grew up!
Britney went out parting afterwards.
Brand new, bottledless photos of Britney are all over the internet.
Got a lot of checks in the butt.
I was my girlfriend.
Video taken early Sunday morning shows Britney Spears vomit.
Good news.
Good news.
In top addition, we'll be right back.
Can't wait 10.46 all the important crap that's going on in the world.
That's what we ought to be concentrating on.
We ought to do a show.
All we talk about is the stuff from TMZ.com.
What do you think?
All right?
You're in Tegan 80's here.
Get those young demos back again too.
Those people won't give a crap about the unimportant stuff that's going on in the world.
Like all the dead people in Iraq.
We're going to bomb you, ran and pull up the world and stuff like that.
But in fact, yeah, all this stuff.
And in fact, we got an election next year.
Who cares about crap like that?
When we got important stuff like Britney Spears looks like crap,
which is not a news story.
And OJ is a slime ball, which is also not a news story.
And the kid at the UF had FU, which was a news story.
Uh-huh.
The taser kid.
Don't tease me, bro.
Don't tease me.
He wanted it.
He totally wanted it.
Don't tease me, bro.
Nader.
I said that before.
Nader, Nader.
That's what I was looking for.
Uh-huh.
I'll bet.
Nader and 50 votes on that pool.
Maybe we're going to be over.
Who knows what?
We'll get 1,000 easy and then after that, we'll take whatever we get.
Because the most important thing is, and of course yesterday with the Fed cutting the interest rates wild,
and you see the market went way up, and the S&P was way up, of course.
Aren't you excited?
Don't you just want to take air?
Every time you've gotten go just go run your cash.
Yeah, sure.
Grave rovers.
Say, here, invest this for me and make me a whole bunch of money.
Don't you want to do that?
No, I don't.
Screw it.
So here's the 400 before we get to the OJ, which that's coming up at 11 o'clock.
They should keep showing the courtroom there in Vegas,
and it's getting fuller and fuller, and there's more and more folks
and paparazzi and paparazzi and paparazzi and all these other people.
Michael Reedcy, do you renounce Satan?
I do.
We hold these truths to be self-evident four score and seven years ago,
and now add this to the lexicon of American democracy.
Don't taste me, bro.
Don't taste me.
It's right in there, wouldn't you think?
Sure.
This is from the Herald No Les.
UF students shocking exit becomes the talk of the web.
Andrew Meyer, the University of Florida student from Weston.
Oh, he's from Weston.
Who tells you?
Lots of free speech during an address by US Senator John Kerry.
Walked out of jail yesterday into cyberspace history and instanted a
flight-played fleeting celebrity.
Video clips of his fricus with the University police officers flashed
all around the world, viewed more than 400,000 times, tens of thousands of people,
debated the issues on websites, including more than 700 people on MIMIHROW.com.
The ACLU and NAC International USA rose to a support.
Shocking someone who was seemingly little more than a nuisance that belongs
in Ripley's four policing cedular accounts, executive director of MNAC International
USA.
Shocking, teasing.
Don't taste me, bro.
Woo!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
The degree to which Meyer 21 was a nuisance or an opportunistic prankster in the magnitude
of the police response, that of the center of the worldwide web of discussion as he left
jail, was hugged by his father and driven away in his attorney's SUV, Howa American.
The charges resisting officer with violence and disturbing the peace by disrupting a school activity
is attorney's city would plead not guilty.
The bail, none.
He was released on his own reconnaissance and made no public comment.
The reaction immediate and widespread starting on campus and racing all around the world.
How do you like that?
All over the world they're talking about this.
Don't taste me, bro.
Ow!
Ow!
UF President J. Bernard McEnne described the events as regretful and said two officers
involved were placed on administrative leave pending investigation by the FDLE.
We're absolutely committed to you ought to be, to having a safe environment for our faculty
and our students so that a free exchange of ideas can occur, McEnne said.
About 100 FU students conducted a protest holding signs that said, trust be trade, excessive
force and of course don't taste me, bro.
There's one they left out, you know what it should have said.
Ow!
Ow!
They should have had the...
Sure.
But she never knew that.
Waving a hanky.
Archa!
The nation is laughing at us and by the way afraid us in that movie plays the Indian guy.
Oh, it's right.
Not a homosexual, they're saying that I'm a...
The nation is laughing at us as student Benjamin Victor and the nation is crying for us too.
We weep.
Why do we weep?
Because FU is a fascist.
That's what the F stands for.
Not Florida stands for fascist view.
On the small chance you haven't seen any of the several videos of the event.
And here's what happens as the hero that as the form of John Kerry King to a conclusion,
the Massachusetts Democrat agreed to answer a question from Meyer even the Q&A period was
supposed to be over.
Meyer launched into a lengthy somewhat meandering series of questions that included a sexually
explicit term in the amount of this.
Why did Kerry concede the 2004 presidential election?
Why not impeach President Bush?
Was Kerry a member of the same secretive society at the Yale University as both Scullin'
Bones, baby?
Scullin' Bones!
Reminded that he was to ask only one question.
Meyer responded, he's talked for two hours.
I think I can have two minutes.
That's how he said.
He said I listen to his crap for two hours.
I think I can have two minutes.
Meyer's microphone was cut off.
I asked six police officers to attempt to remove him from the room.
During the fray, and here comes the best part.
I wish you could see this in print.
During the fray, Meyer added the words that now serve as a clare in cry of student protest
and free speech.
Words that will live forever in the memories of millions of computers.
Don't taze me, bro.
Don't taze me.
Followed by.
I didn't do anything.
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
I write every one.
There's like six fellows.
Ow!
That's an extra.
Oh God.
Asia Johnson, the UFC who attended the Kerry Forum, said she couldn't shape the image of
police taking down Meyer.
They grabbed him and started pulling him.
The audience was screaming at the police.
I was screaming.
Don't taze him.
He didn't do any harm.
According to the official police report, Meyer was accompanied to the meeting by a woman who
was there to film him.
And as you took the microphone, he asked her, are you taping this?
Do you have this?
You ready?
The report also said that after the arrest, Meyer's demeanor completely changed once the
cameras were not inside.
Meyer did ask at one point if the cameras were going to be at the jail.
Oh!
A hand-bone from Weston.
Hey, I'm on his side, even though he's very ugly.
The end boy, if he'd been really good looking at it, like I said, I'd have been there like
a beat up them cop, single-handedly.
Well, I brought some help.
I brought Luca Brasi.
The Internet Debate Revolt.
What are you laughing about?
The whole story.
This whole story is hysterical to me.
It is.
Ow!
Ow!
Forget OJ.
This is fun.
That's a good poll question.
Which story are you more whipped up about?
OJ or the, uh, don't taze me, bro.
The Internet Debate Revolt, around the relative balance between Meyer's provocative behavior
and the police response for the majority of posters criticizing the police.
Amen.
It was excessive force when person wrote on Facebook.com, the social networking site.
The tazers shouldn't have been used.
Others argue that Meyer's actions were odd-line and disruptive, and he got what he deserved.
The kid was being obnoxious through another poster.
He had his chance to, uh, peacefully ask his question, not going to the tie rate he went
into.
Kerry also came under criticism from people who thought he should have done more to take
control of the situation and cool tensions.
During the encounter, as officers began grabbing Meyer's arms, Kerry can be heard saying,
that's all right.
Let me answer his question.
A little later, we offer again to answer Meyer's very important question.
On Tuesday, Kerry released this statement.
In 37 years of public appearances through wars, protests, and highly emotional events,
I've never had a dialogue in this way, Kerry said.
I hope that neither the student nor any of the police were injured.
I regret enormously that a good, healthy discussion was interrupted.
Wow.
Is that profound or what?
Not.
Ronda Weiss, teacher at Western Sacrifice Base High, where Meyer worked for the student newspaper,
described him as an honor student who was opinionated but never disruptive.
How do you like that?
You know what they say about genius being right on the verge?
It didn't surprise me that he was voicing strong opinions, but it did surprise me that
it escalated into violence.
I don't consider him a violent person in the least.
A friend, Peter Gonzalez, also voiced and said, Meyer hopes to pursue a career in journalism.
He wants to be able to speak and make a difference.
Don't tease me, bro.
He made a difference.
He made a difference, man.
He got his 85 minutes of fame.
He got hours and days.
They're going to be talking about this from now until the end of time.
From now until kingdom come, whatever the hell that means.
Now until Jesus returns to save the world.
That means what?
Kingdom comes.
I know that's what it means.
That's why I said it for Christ's sake.
Oh, I just asked.
Wait, the choir just took a couple of seconds.
The choir just took a couple of seconds.
What's wrong with that?
I'm so upset about the way these people are voting on this.
Your taste isn't your push.
I mean, crying, amazing, and living on the edge.
Those three, and I've seen the other ones that aren't great, but those three could be any
one of them could be the best song of all time by anybody.
Of all time.
I mean, it ain't no like yummy, yummy, yummy.
I got love in my tummy by the 19th-term fruit gum company.
That's pretty close.
But then what is?
It ain't no runny by the four seasons.
You know what, woodbine, I was there last night.
I broke even, by the way.
You'll be pleased.
I was a little bit in my ass, and I broke even.
But they had, I don't know where the music, I guess it's like an in-house music kind of a thing, you know?
Oh, okay.
And it's the same music.
Oh, it's all like 50s and 60s, mostly 60s stuff.
Because I guess that fits with the age of those of us.
Although there's a lot of young people there, woodbine.
Hmm, you wouldn't believe.
But anyway, all shapes, varieties, shades, a lot of injure people, a lot of Chinese people, a lot of really interesting people.
But nevertheless, there's a runny by the four seasons.
And there's one other one that's here.
Is it ragged down, that he playing?
That's a good one.
Your favorite four seasons song.
I don't think we got that from Charlie Schmendrick, did we?
Is that in the pile?
I don't think so.
I don't just think the four seasons would get more votes than for example, Tina Turner.
What's your favorite, what?
No.
Nobody knows from the four seasons.
That's not what I said.
I'm thinking this summer fall, what is spring?
I thought the question you asked.
Big rules don't give a good, good, good, good, good, good, what are you talking about?
By the way, we got the OJ thing coming up soon, so let's not miss it.
Mother of the clock, baby.
We're fine, okay, we're fine, we're fine, we're fine.
420-560-QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is the blind.
Who could go to go to any questions?
Mickey Mouse, this way.
That's Mickey Mouse, Mickey Mouse, Mickey.
Mr. Mellow.
Oh, I didn't think I was going to get you.
This is Robert Eiger, president CEO of the Wendell.
You don't have to give your title every time you call.
I'm sorry, sir, there's everything okay over there.
I'm not used to you picking up the phone.
No, everything isn't okay.
Goofy's in rehab.
Oh, no.
I had to send him to the sock lodge.
He's in there with Lindsey Loran.
Oh, I'm so sorry, sir.
Oh, God, the office is in shambles.
I can't find anything.
I didn't realize Goofy had a problem.
Oh, yeah, he's all kind of f**ked up.
Boy, that's horrible, sir.
Yeah, it's cold, it's booze, it's weed, it's everything.
You can think of.
It's like the 80s when Chuck Gordon and I used to party pretty good.
Send Goofy my best, sir.
Shut up.
What do you want?
Oh, sir, just...
I was going to call you, but I couldn't find your number.
No, Goofy had some sort of filing system.
I don't know what the hell it is.
It was put together by an alcoholic.
Oh, is everything okay?
Do you know the NASA Huggins?
Oh, the NASA Huggins.
Yeah, the young star of high school musical one, and...
Sir?
Sir?
Is this somehow with connection?
Have you seen the pictures of her online?
Pictures online, oh, she's adorable.
And she's in the nude ones.
Oh, a lot.
She's totally nude.
Wow.
Uh-huh.
Where did you see new pictures of the NASA?
I told you they're online.
Haven't you seen them on your computer?
Unfortunately, I don't know how to turn on my computer.
You want?
Hey, Eiger.
You don't take a town card to work, do you?
You take a little tiny yellow shirt, but...
How can you hear me on the phone when I help it on?
Well, sir, what is it I can help you?
I can hear help it off and penitenti-
Oh, okay, sir.
What is it I can help you with?
Why not?
Why not?
I want the NASA Huggins in my office.
She's my kind of woman.
Really?
She's a bit young for you, sir, no?
Oh, no.
Have you seen many?
No, sir.
In the wrong of the two Botox,
move enhancement, plastic surgery,
I'm a cross-feet,
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
I'm a cross-feet, sir.
Oh, okay.
Same name then.
What?
Kind of?
No, I agree.
Not like...
I swear.
Like that.
800 and some odd votes on here.
We're just stalling around.
And just like they are on CNN,
because they keep showing the judges' cheerism to the lady judge,
which ain't Judge Judy.
Now that would be good if it was.
Wouldn't that be great if Judge Judy was up there for this?
For the Arraignment?
That'd be great.
I trust you, sir.
I trust you.
But some other lady judges,
but they keep showing the empty cheer.
Movie, a night at the opera.
But a beep, but a beep.
But about not that they're ramping or a fully timed,
nothing like that.
I mean, you know, that is not a circumstance
that lends itself to a clear explanation of what happened.
So, you know...
Did you agree with my premise, though,
that we now have the situation where folks...
This Tony here is serious,
that they'll put his ass on Trump.
Forget about it.
We've not been looking for a way to the point of...
For being a total jacket.
And now, say, what was...
Smug jacket.
Get him off our screen.
Drag him out there.
Put a new surround.
He is not.
He hang him on TV like something we're seeing.
Because he's famous,
because he's the celebrity or because he's black.
I mean, you just...
Yeah, the raw material for that payment is there now...
It is now there.
So, don't want to go down this road again.
I'm curious...
Isn't it like this and I reall over there?
Yeah, the earlier trial with O.J.
And they keep showing off the camera there.
Oh, now who's at the tickl...
Who's at the...
Who's at the tickl...
On you in this case,
the shame of...
Yeah.
here.
Her.
Oh, he's talking about a case where OJ says that if she's showing her there in the
audience, maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe that's OJ's girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Maybe it's your girlfriend.
Now he wants it back.
Tony.
Tony.
Tony.
Tony.
Tony, shut up.
Police.
Police.
Está on stage.
I don't know who that guy actually had to look all that bad sitting in the front
world right next to the upholi scones this he's lurched forward their
lurch and he looks like something so incredibly important is about to have a
look at him he's trans fix will probably see him doesn't matter who that is
because because even the black shirt on you see him power up which is almost
off right now they show what who's that is that the the guy to go into this
is that okay is on with somebody we'll see me gone saying give it to me
is it I don't know that's the kind of their you're not much help on his
old paper like I know her the police
you're not even or need law does not allow you anyway here's the fact that
says while we're waiting for the damn judge the best arrow Smith song is I
don't want to miss a thing well that's your opinion I wouldn't say that's true
it's a good song but it says they got screwed big time by some jerky song from
some jerky cartoon movie while they were up for the Academy Award on this song
from over again they did this song live on the ask your show with power of
techniques and the audience went nuts I think at that point they knew they voted
wrong well I don't want to miss a thing that's the one from that the Paula movie
that I keep telling you about was the movie Armageddon yeah what did I have to
do with a Paula I didn't see the movie so I thought I had something to do with
John Glenn with an astronaut some crap like that didn't know all that's that
movie I'm thinking of the right stuff Paula 13 Paula 13 yeah that's the one
I'm talking about they didn't have a song in that movie no well what a one I
didn't see any of those movies why the hell would I watch a Paula 13 who now
cares about the astronauts huh now we're gonna talk about the astronauts that
blew up there would like the school teacher like Ronnie Reagan said oh was
that the one with the school teacher on oh gee oh it's too bad oh
well Ronnie Reagan remember him he doesn't yeah he wanted to still live he
forgot anyway what's the story here waiting for the judge see this is unacceptable
now if you're like what the defendant in this deal you're supposed to show up to
be a reindeer like you're one of the attorneys in your show up late like this
they they hang your ass they put you in the chair they pretend to turn the
electric on and maybe once and a while just for a second it don't taste me
bro like that yeah but the judge she can show up first snappy ass anytime she
feels like it I don't think I was gonna say no way you were gonna she
know I was not yeah you were I said snappy right there you got right to the
edge and maybe that's oh j's mama they're in the crowd there in the courtroom
it's not actually a crowd it's not a very big courtroom and they keep showing
that big empty-ledged chair boy I sure wish I had a nice chair like that I
mean the chair here is okay but it's old it's like six years old and I put
it together myself aren't you proud of me quite from office depot Bob
over Muth had it set up here and I had to put it together myself because Bob
from with the jackass but I did a wonderful job just like I've done maintaining
the studio all this time all those six excruciating years now aren't you proud
you want to me I am 895 votes on the pole we're proud of that especially
Charlie B. since it's so lame and they keep keep flashing back to that empty
chair waiting for the judge where's the damn judge here come the judge ain't
there who's this guy with a black shirt see they're just shooting over his
shoulder because we want to see Sydney we want to see oh j's daughter and he's
gonna be asking you those questions when you keep saying that who's this and who's
that Chris what do you mean by that what we're on raising is who's this and who's
that like like I know like I know like I know
so let's say oh look at this this is passed along from Joe Bell uh-huh this
is gonna be a joke email that to me I know I it would be a joke but I don't think
it is you think this is serious hold you think that guy is it wrote that email
100 I mean he's using a well from Joe Bell to Josh to George Rodriguez
carbon copy Josh Darrow uh-huh maybe I'll have ding-dong school no no you don't
understand no this no you you don't understand it it's passed along from some
listener who wrote it to Joe Bell it right this uh-huh whatever and this is a
kind of stuff that Joe passes along and if we care about this kind of crap
hey Joe you know what this reminds me of and it's just like the article I read by
that chick saying why do we care about OJ it's the same thing why does Joe care
about this some willard some listener Jack ass is why can't you stop on
her personalities from talking with their mouthful especially George Rodriguez I
personally don't understand why people can't go four hours without eating
it's unprofessional irritating well guess willard what we have to say to you okay
very short and sweet bye bye bye that's a good loss will eat whatever the hell we
want to eat when we want to eat it Joe Bell can to take his fat ass it looks like
he ain't missing any meals right any he passes this along uh-huh that's
important programming oh my god yeah my focus takes me back because if you
recall the my first experience on the Neil Rogers show that I walked into the
middle of was the boy Gary for the video respect because I was in the I joined
the show in the midst of the way boy Gary don't see him no more like the
week after he wrote that memo about how food was in forbidden the studio and
then you had like five restaurants in the day that he wrote that memo and and
read the memo just stick it right with the mouthful of food I recall in fact I
think we ought to give them well tomorrow is the eating day anyways like yes it is
oh well you better not to do that great food in tomorrow I do a lot of
talking on your hour and a half why you're not gonna say a word without
food you know something during this upcoming break I'm gonna go make some more
bacon just excellent willard and who doesn't want any of it because he singles you
out I don't want you to be let go I'm sure he's probably by some lot of you know
because he can't poison uh-huh the judge by the way still has not got her fat
ass in the chair or skinny ass or medium ass I don't know and I don't care about
her ass I just wish he stick it in the chair we get something going here this is
so inane and they keep it so typical man of what America's become of what the
media all about this Jeffrey Tuban this poor bastard is sitting there and he's
bop bop bop bop bop he is filling man even the rabbiad even the orthodox never
saw so much to fill in waiting for this damn judge bitch to finally put a
raston to your shit there for some of us with frequent bladder urges doing
errands also means knowing where all the bathrooms are along the way thank God
there's a rest human library just in time this is very great senator Larry
Craig yes what are you doing here I seek activity and bathroom oh no your hand
what about my hand it's in my stall my left hand was over here whatever my right hand
was next to you could you just get your hands out of my stall at least down my foot like this
but you're a guy I don't even want to talk to you I started to go to the bathroom just
shut up but I didn't use my left hand shut up look at those spread my leg
oh miss a care once a day can reduce urges your foot came toward my mind came toward
you I can't go like this I really gotta go ask your doctor today if
vesicaire is right for you okay I know who ought to interview Larry Craig
Leslie Stahl 1117 to 560 WQA and the speaker's stall that's what they're
doing on CNN man because they keep showing it there's all these people keep
coming in the court in lawyer types and goofball types and all these guys with fancy
schmancy suits and I think the judge may come in any second now this is just like all
the press conferences there's gonna be a press conference at 11 o'clock sharp which
means soon in about 1145 and maybe somebody will be there with all those 85 microphones
on the podium there's the judges chair still empty is yet I see it and Larry what's
his name what's the guy's name Jeffrey Truman Larry Craig yeah no Jeffrey Tupin he's
up up up up up up up that's he dot com yeah TMZ dot com I think we're just gonna read onion
and TMZ dot com on here we just make that that'll be the show why not because reality is
just more than we can handle it's too ugly not for vises not we've never less there's
the empty chair again just in case the way nanny does the judge will show up whenever she
feels like it how do you like that I don't see no OJ and they're either do you uh oh
Huh all of a sudden they're looking to you see the alarm look on their faces like maybe something something just happened
Maybe the judge you know the same man maybe they're tady somebody
Oh to sell at the TMZ to make money off who's that right that's just simple in explanation
Well I'm gonna be sitting in who's the guy and yeah that was a long time ago
Because that's a new Chris maybe something was faster
It's couldn't possibly that simple Larry we stazed it maybe to avoid it because we want to make money off of it
Right but we'll stage I mean this is a move but I'm up
I'm up
We can see that ratio is not you know someone you'd want your daughter to marry
We know that this is not a great guy okay
But we choose not to be admired but that doesn't my big news
Oh oh I knew in game I was a sound on there hey Willard how you like to eat nine years
I'm an argument
That's
So here's the issue of deputies into a whispering each other zero like hey I'll see in the team from about three 15
Yeah they probably did that doesn't excuse me for a great and earn a service in fact he engaged in bad conduct
But again we're still waiting twenty times the other thought this was post-aphanel of the thought
Defense lawyers try to put the focus on the terrible government witnesses and the sleazy people why are we seeing a post-aphanel to share if they're busy with you
We don't need to see him that close
They're not our friends you can see your friends Mr. Defendant
Yeah I think Richie is so terrible why were you in business with that
All right let me so that's that's how these arguments tend to go
Let me give you let me give you an opportunity to offer me a real hard and admonition here
Yeah tell me while you're cautioning me against the terminology like setup
Because I clearly understand where you're going but just explain it well you know set up suggests that
Some other person reach you the memorabilia dealer or somebody else sort of put Simpson in a position where he it looked like he committed a crime
But was not in fact committing it right that's I think what that up means yeah now even if
Richie oh
Land out by the way in case you have any down to kill the cold you know we know that
We know that patience to make money yeah
Yeah, why do we keep seeing the shadow these deputies they're in special reason for that
There's nothing else in
Yeah, but I know back in choice the empty chair again for Christ's sake
By the way isn't our Saturday you know Kipper
Look on the calendar there are Chris
There must be Friday night at sundown
Or is it Saturday it's like I don't know and get involved in that again remember every second what is it it says the 20 second
Saturday so I'm assuming but I don't know what it begins at sundown on the 21st what does on
Shob is it how do you like that but we got a double way me this time wow don't taste of us on
No you're Kipper that would be bad hey it's don't taste us get your grammar right I'm sorry
Sorry bro and stop talking with your mouthful I will not mm boy that's good bacon
It's bad broad gets but what was it bad right is microwave bacon you have something they can take that email and stuff it with the moon don't try it okay
First thing that George Rodriguez it's bad yeah we've been doing it for a hundred years and if you don't like it
Yeah okay let's start it
Blue nose jackass
I'm glad that the fan asked Johnny to send that long because that's probably the kind of input it gets from the astute audience out there whatever we got left nice job
By the way Johnny Johnny Joe eviscerating the human audience not just on this show in fact not as much on this show but certainly on the entire radio station
Eviscerated it
Uh oh the deputy just go and open the door now so either he's got to go take a big dump or something or something's going on
Commotion commotion little commotion what's your favorite little leave a song look emotion well that's the only one
Yeah I was a little even in the cookies I don't say nothing bad about my baby remember that no you don't oh somebody look at that she just pulled the chair aside
Maybe that means the judge is going to put her fat ass in it momentarily see that
Everybody's doing on cranny's that's now
We're still waiting the OJ's arrangement we're still waiting for the fan asked judge
Couldn't they just I want to talk with my mouth for a while
Why the hell not couldn't they just go out and get one of the TV judges since this judge can't seem to show up on time should play some filler music you know oh
Yeah, there you go
It is amazing the whole thing is amazing here we are 10 years later in the 10 years since when since OJ Kildos
11 11 13
94
You might just run a Google OJ Kilds Nicole and Ron oh the door is opening and all the judges a guy you're telling us to deny a lot of attention
All right, let's let's go to the point. Hey look at the ledger Jeffrey
The door is opening
And I have a feeling it's gonna be here's a deputy and there's OJ all the
In that blue
Outfit and custody this is the state of Nevada versus orinthal James Simpson
First of all there's there's multiple cases on calendar today the case 07 F
194
Was assigned to department eight
This case number was generated at the Clark County detention center when mr. Simpson was arrested and booked on several charges on Sunday September 16th of this year
Prior to that on February or excuse my Friday September
14th the district attorney generated a case number for mr. Simpson in anticipation of filing a criminal complaints
Oh, man requesting an arrest warrant that case number was 07 F
19284x
Oh, man department nine
That process was never completed before mr. Simpson was arrested on September 16th
Apparently the detention center was unaware that the district attorney had already generated a
Case number from mr. Simpson Kilds Nicole therefore he was booked under a new case number which is the 07 F
194
20x case assigned to department eight
Las Vegas Justice Court in the district attorney have a longstanding protocol to consolidate multiple cases involving the same defend
Oh, I got the great place. We'll be a little bit more good and ready this mean how are you?
I'm gonna see you in the talk on my office making sounds or a judge shopping
By even party so in light of this pursuant to longstanding protocols and procedures
This case will proceed under the lowest case number and in fact that is what the district attorney has
Here's father who planked under case number my a 07 F
192 185
Judge will run us biggest Justice Court department nine council have any questions about that procedure
Then ask to
The state of Nevada versus warrant all James Simpson or in call
07 F good June
284 a uses lose
Mr. Simpson is president custody
With handcuffs
Council for the state
And a really neat blue outfit. Oh, would dress mr. Simpson first
Mr. Simpson
Don't you stand up with him?
Mr. Simpson, I have a criminal complaint before me
Have you received a copy of this criminal complaint?
Yes
This charge of the calls of conspiracy to commit a
Felliny offense
Conspiracy to commit robbery a felony offense
burglaral and possession of deadly weapon a felony offense
two counts of first-degree kidnapping
With use of a deadly weapon
Both felony offenses two counts of robbery with use of a deadly weapon both
Millenia fences two counts of assault with use of a deadly weapon both felony
offenses and coercion with use of a deadly weapon if felony offense
Mr. Simpson do you understand the charges against you?
Yes
No, we have council president mr. Simpson to have yes, your honor yelko lantern and
Gabriel oh, it's a yet to go into your
Jason and only yelko lantern in Gabriel Grasso on the dance of our jay sensor mr. mr. Galanter
Are you licensed to practice here in Nevada? I am not fully licensed
I have filed the paperwork. I've been told by the Nevada bar that it takes five days to get a process
But I can tell you as an officer the court the paperwork has been filed for you have been paid
There are certain supreme court rules that need to be followed that's in the process and where are you from?
I'm from law far ahead now let me hear what exactly Roger any objection to mr. Galanter making
representations today based on the understand that the proper papers are
And he has gave Grasso with them who is licensing the baddest
Mr. Grasso liquid
That's correct your honor. You serve as local council. I will be local council director only
Me will be local council
Take unprofessional take now
Also has to this procedural issue
That's what police case is
Remanded to the custody of the sheriff in this case
Mr. Simpson currently is being held without bail
Oplenty to address bail today. Yes, your honor and I'm not what mr. Rogers making the announcement for court
Judge right now the defendant is being held without bail
Another court made made that decision as you are aware of the matter's constitution provides that all people
Charge with crimes with the exception of murder in the first degree are entitled to reasonable bail
With that in mind the defense and I have entered into a stipulation would ask the court to accept the stipulation
And it is as follows mr.
As Simpson will post one hundred twenty five thousand dollars
The conditions of when is doctor led to model okay? We got to do the break and then we'll come back and we'll be all boys on his joys
29 past 11 a q a.m
That I have to be in accord to be determined at another time
Some obviously some logistic issues involved in this case. I have to discuss with court staff. Thank you
Thank you
Okay, so we waited for quite a while for that
Yeah, it's in it all went when it all began so I guess it's been about ten minutes
Just so that we've been listening to these proceedings in Las Vegas for OJ Simpson
The main point here was to try and see for his attorneys if they could get bail
For OJ. Yeah, they did 125
So render your pass for your attorney don't contact any of these other slime balls
Charge in this case don't make a phone call don't do a carrier pigeon no talk to them if you walk another street cross
It's not just the money. He's also got to surrender his past port is got to agree to not have any contact whatsoever with any potential
I just said
This is pretty standard and and the fact that the defense and prosecution worked out an agreement on bond is actually fairly standard
uh, that is something that often
prosecutors and defense lawyers do
Before okay, that's into that all that big build up and then like oh sorry clearance
Next thing we're talking with our mouth full again. Uh-oh
Willard and all upset again
Remember Willard the movie with the razz
I don't know the actor's name not Bruce Durin. No it was um
Can't think of it Willard but anyway, that was about razz
Mm-hmm and of course Michael Jackson had this song about band
I don't know the sequel about the Iran. Yeah, this was at the sequel the billard band the sequel. Yeah
Maybe play it speaking of other slime balls who got off scot free for being a slime ball
But that's the way it works in the world, you know the bigger slime ball you are the more than public. Oh, jeez
Yeah, that's the way it works
Oops, what was that they didn't sound like band-a-man? No razz on oh
Willard with uh
Bruce's acuana say Bruce Ward will Willis now I can see him. I know what he looks like
Okay, that's enough of that also there you go bail graded for OJ 125 grand
He's gonna be out in no time at all and the judge asked where you live in Miami, Florida
Miami, Florida well good go back there and you can go anywhere you want in the Connolly, West
But you have to come back to of agus the court and they're gonna be back next month sometime
I don't know I don't know what they they said in order should I carry you know
19th of September who cares about some crap that's gonna happen in October right right now guaranteed to be plenty of crap
Have it in October and they keep showing all these relatives there. There's the whole that the damn game
family
In the crowd there, mm-hmm sure ain't really much of a crowd anymore. That's Sydney. That's the daughter
All right, remember that show. I love Sydney with no any Randall no it was kind of gay. I see
So is that enough for for OJ right now?
Oh, I want to get started out with enough for me. I want to get back to the um important things important things like
Don't tase me don't tase me bro
Wanging with his legal opinion regarding police officers
Taising of the University of Florida student attorney and Fox News anchor the anxious
Greg Jarrett said no excessive force was used during the incident being the fascist that he is on Fox news
He is resisting and the videotape really doesn't lie. It speaks volumes about what's going on
So Jarrett referring to video of the event that's circulating around the net
The law doesn't allow you to resist police officers when they ask you to do something at it
The tazered student and romeyer was wrestled with the ground by police after asking senator John Kerry
During a school format f you
Now you may have a beef with them being there in the first place and trying to escort you out
You can argue that later, but when they ask you to do something you have to do it. That's the law Jarrett said
It's the law
baby
Reviewing the videotape of the arrest which played throughout the interview
Derek pointed a moment said he says shows
Maris clearly resisting arrest there. He is raising his arms. He says he watched
Yeah, he may be saying I'm not doing anything, but he is he's repeatedly resisting right he looked real dangerous to me
Asked about an eyewitness before the incident reported earlier in the statement which indicated a mayor told officers he'd cooperate
If they would let him stand up Jarrett was incredulous. Why would they believe him the anchor ass?
He's already demonstrated in the previous minute. He's not going to do what he says he's going to do
The tazering corner Jarrett was good police protocol the tazered devices actually a method by which you decrease the level of force
By subduing somebody not increasing the level of force these police officers ought to be commended for what they did
Regarding the possibility of a future lawsuit from my or Jarrett said the student didn't have a case
Said he'd know Jarrett would sympathize with him as he was being utterly obnoxious. I didn't know there were laws against being obnoxious
They're out of the air. How can rush beyond the air if they're laws against being obnoxious
Holding in the program witness Matthew Howland who was on the scene during the scuffle said at one point
My or told officers he would cooperate andrew said I'm not resisting if you let me up
I'll walk out of here with you right now Howland told Fox
But they kept them on the ground and about 20 seconds later they teased him bro
Damn it
Howland and later said that after the tazing mar was taken to lobby of the auditorium where police asked for his name of their information
Request the student refused
He doesn't give up his information like his name because he says he's scared
He doesn't want to give up any give them any more information said howland
But Greg Jarrett who of course is singing the a fox tune, you know the old right wing tune
Rhymes with June just have a strong belief
Get oh James Simpson and jail at any cost
Amen, so if it's a matter given the guy immunity get an inch. Yeah, it is just absolutely amazing and I'm telling you
Some of us right now is saying no problem is you guys in the meet you have a piece on CNN dot com yesterday
Where I said America's in love with oh Jason so we can't get enough of
I got all these emails and if you you do the media say wait
How do other dark complicated apologies for oh Jay?
I just really shocking to me isn't it?
And they're like making a factory somewhere
Okay, let's get back to this poll even though nobody cares. What's your favorite?
Our airosmith song about time. I can't even say I'm so tongue-tied we waited twenty some minutes
And then that whole thing took about ten minutes most of which we missed for the commercial break dammit all or you didn't miss anything
You understand mr. Simpson. Yes. Yes. You understand where you live Miami, Florida. Okay. That's it
Give us the money and get out of here
935 votes on the poll chris has got it made in the shade. We'll have a thousand easy no stress no pain no strain no gain
cool and don't tease me bro
Why I hate airosmith 211 22 and a half percent disgusting of the show and replay now there's oh Jay coming back in here again with a handcuffs and that nice jumpsuit that blue jumpsuit
sweet emotion 124 dream on one oh wait walk this way 84 walk like oh Jay with a cuss on
Jayne's got a gun 52 back in the saddle 44. I don't want to miss a thing 40 that's from um um what is it?
I'm a good movie and I'm again. Thank you
I wish you do you have that I don't want to answer great song I don't have it
Do it looks like a lady 33 living on the edge 2027 rag doll 22 love it in elevator 22
What it takes 20 last child 18 angel only 18 ridiculous crying only 15 and amazing only 15 that is amazing
Eat the rich 12 think 10 come together 10 the other side 8 big 10 and 7
Jaded 7 falling in love his heart on the knees 5 walk on water 3
deuces the deuces their wild to blind man to and fly away from here so about the uniline well deserved
By the time it gets to the bridge here. Yeah take a time read something else
When we read the draw to a weather or something
How about the Miami radar I could take a few could there
radar a big storm is coming
Those are the
You don't like this? No, not a little
Not even a little bit not even a tiny 20 Smith
I don't know why I miss a thing about 40 votes. So it's a little one two three four house
Oh
Are you not gonna see the tower? No, I hate those stories who you are coming subversive here we go
The crime of murder murder
The state of California
You
Me
Good
gilquet
You're the guilty, the murder, guilty.
You're the guilty, the murder, murder.
It's boss Hermit.
What's in eight dollars?
No way.
I'm on the guess list.
It can't be.
I'm a guilty.
No, I'm a bitch so baby.
I'm the man.
You're not getting in.
I said I am guilty.
Hey, stupid steroid babe.
I'm not gonna pay you some little cover charge.
I'm a guilty.
I am guilty.
I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
Yeah, I'm a guilty.
I'm a guilty.
Why don't you go wrong and then I'm guilty?
You wasted my time.
One hundred percent.
You're a guilty.
So I know that I owe James girl.
Oh, wow.
Good for you.
13th of June at 5.
60th of the QM.
Bruce Davidson was an original bullet.
I looked it up.
I grew up with you guys.
Okay.
But you're both lazy.
Yeah, I don't care.
I'm a lover.
I guess it was in the remake.
Yeah, which sucked.
Sucked hard.
Well, of course, don't three makes always suck.
I can't really speak when a stranger calls.
Which I don't watch the remake and I will not do it.
I saw it.
And suck.
Like psycho.
The remake.
I'm hundred forty eight votes on the poll.
By the way, that don't suck because we're gonna make a thousand a day.
Even on even on Charlie B's very marginal lazy pool.
You know, what's your favorite song by the attentations?
What's your favorite song by the Marvelettes?
What's your favorite song by the Supreme?
What's your favorite?
By the way, chicken X and me a full color photos of these
is best to luck with one of the best looking cars on the road about my solstice.
Which sounds like tourists.
Doesn't it kind of rhymes with solstice and tourists to reach?
And here's the Saturn version.
He says with a gluda on dollars to a trim.
Well, what an ugly growth.
Tense piece of crap.
That thing is looks like it looks like a spaceship.
Looks like something out of the fifties.
I never even saw that thing.
Have you seen that?
Saturn version of the same alleged automobile?
No.
Thanks, chicken X.
I had two Saturn's, by the way, I sure hope they don't advertise on this station
and if they do too bad.
I had two Saturn's and they were both crap.
They were both real limones.
You know what I mean by that?
It sucks.
Uh oh.
Five dead in Beirut blast including a lesbian ease lawmaker.
They are editing in or with their lesbian on.
You just don't stop.
All the crazy religion is baby.
Bye, guys.
Better near God.
I'm going to show you.
That's what it's all about.
And especially with young Kipper coming up this weekend,
that's a bad thing for me to be saying, you know,
because everybody's supposed to be very, very serious and very from
when it comes to these high holidays, especially young Kippur,
you know, the day of a tournament.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, a bunch of crap.
Oh, look at that.
That big blob is headed up toward Jojo.
Maybe it's going to hit an entry.
Wouldn't surprise me.
I think everybody ought to be forced to watch two movies in their own way.
And then they're going to be in their lives.
Network and deliverance.
That's it.
That's how you need to see.
Why deliverance?
I thought that I don't like it a lot.
Because that's what America's all about.
Oh.
Don't you understand?
I get it.
No, I get it.
I mean, what's that?
I mean, what's that?
Yeah.
I'm tiny.
Bang on the head.
Oh, no.
Doing doing.
I can't believe you did that.
Oh, by the way, how's Ariel Shiroin doing?
Anybody hear about him?
I'm dying on the head.
Notice we don't hear a word about Ariel.
No more.
Maureen Dowd, who was it that was written from Maureen yesterday?
Somebody ripped her an ass and one of the columns I read.
Well, let's not go backward.
Let's go forward.
Her column in the New York Times today,
Alan, not Atlas, shrugged.
And of course, any time there's an article where they rip Alan Greenspan
Georgia's all excited about it.
Because he hates Alan Greenspan like poison and deservedly so by it.
Sure.
Lying sack of crap.
Maureen says it's a lost art slinking away.
Now the fashion is slinking back.
Nobody wants to simply admit they made a mistake and disappear for a while.
Nobody wants to use the weasel words, mistakes were made.
No far better to pop right back up and get in the face of those who were savoring your absence.
We should think of a name for this appalling modern phenomenon,
Kissingering, perhaps.
In Las Vegas, there's the loathe some OJ,
a proper candidate for shunning and stun-gunning,
barging back into the picture.
And on Capitol Hill, Larry Craig shocked mortified Republicans
by bounding into their weekly lunch.
You'd think they're conservative 62-year-old Idaho Senator would have some shame
going from fervently opposing gay rights to provocatively tapping his toe
in a Minneapolis airport toilet.
The toilet stall now known as the Larry Craig bathroom has become a hot local tourist attraction.
But no.
As double Republicans don't have enough problems, Mr. Craig said he's ready to go back to work.
While the legal hot shots he hired to peel his case.
He even cast a couple of hoax one against DC voting rights.
This creep gets to the side about my representation.
Even if President Bush is the cockiest guy around,
his former Mexican president Vicente Fox writes in a new memoir,
critical of W's grade school-level Spanish and his grade school-level Iraq policy,
he can't be thinking good about the Barb has been hurled his way by former supporters and the neighbors.
Rammie's back in the news, giving interviews about a planned memoir and foundation design
to encourage reason and civil debate about global challenges and to spur more young people to go into government.
It's rich.
Maybe more young people would go into government if they didn't have to work for a devious voice like Rammie,
who make huge life and death mistakes and then don't apologize.
In the Washington Post he blamed the press and congress for creating an inhospitable atmosphere
that drives good people away from public service.
Maybe that's why he and his evil twin, Dick Cheney, did their best to undermine the constitutional system of checks and balances
so they could get more fine young people to serve.
Does the man blame for creating civil disorder in Iraq even know what the word civil means?
Wasn't he the prickly pentagon chief of a furious with anyone who didn't agree with him on global challenges?
He shoved General Erichchen's second into retirement and failed to show up at his retirement party after the good general correctly told Congress
that it would take several hundred thousand trips to invade and control Iraq and he snubbed the German defense minister when Germany joined the coalition of the unwilling.
Interviewed by GQ's Lisa DiPolo on his ranch in Tauest, New Mexico with another new named Gus nearby,
the 75-year-old package of waiting to stastroon as the writer called him was asked if he misses W offering a wise smile he replied to them, no.
He now treats the son with the same contempt he treated the father which is so odd that the son hired his dad's nemesis in the first place.
He actually had the goal to imply to miss the Apollo that he was out of the loop on Iraq and grabbed out a copy of a memo he had written outlining all the things that could go wrong.
In fact, he was the one right after 9-11 who began pushing to go after Sodom.
He and Cheney were orchestrating the invasion from the start guiding the doffin with warnings about how weak we would see him if he saw them mock him.
The relevant bureaucratic infider wrote the memo as part of his socratic strategy asking a lot of questions when he was already pushing to go into Iraq.
He never did any contingency planning in those in case those things went wrong. The memo was there simply so that someday he could pull it out for a reporter.
In the same issue of GQ, Colin Powell tried to build up the objections he made to the president too in an interview with Walter Isaacson but nobody's buying that either.
Even though he rubber stamped W's tax cuts, Alan Greenspan is now operating the president and vice president for a profit get spending and putting politics ahead of Saudi economics.
He also says in his new memoir that the Iraq war is largely about oil telling Bob Woodward that he had privately told W and Cheney that outsting Sodom was essential to keeping world oil supplies safe.
Irrational exuberance indeed.
That's Marine the Queen.
I didn't cost you a dime for me to read it to you and I read it brilliantly. I would say if you asked me without any humping and fumping and fumping.
You better learn your Yiddish, Mr. I think he is.
I know much.
Obviously there's yellow antica lenses.
We informed him.
He's relieved.
I mean, this has been a very harrowing experience.
Yeah, but where's Kendall coffee on all of this? I missed him. We haven't seen him in a long time. You know, maybe he's out for its Starbucks.
Kendall and Miss Cup of coffee.
Another media hound if there ever was one.
You know, they're basically are about, I don't know, what would you say about 20, 30 people?
But third man who fill up the TV screen on the network says almost all of the time.
You know, like Gloria all read and all these other so long.
It's a long way union or something, you know.
Through union, slime ball union.
We got 959 on the pool.
Next hour, we're going over 1000 on the Erosmith pool and Charlie B is going to say,
see, I told you guys, these music pools are really great.
This is really something innovative in the, yeah.
Right.
What's your favorite song by Crazy Elephant?
What's your favorite song by the box tops?
Which they had too. I can't remember what the other one was.
I know what mine was if I can find it on here.
Oh yeah.
So, OJ is out of 125,000 dollar bond and the world is safe again.
All is a good nickname.
Well actually, maybe it's coming by.
6QAM.
The sports leader.
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8L.
Walter's is among the many of the receiving end of slams and of Donald's new book.
Rosie writes she is quote, tired and should be put out to pasture.
The most famous lesbian rule.
Rosie writes that after her mother's death, she would break her own bones to get attention.
Rosie, put that refrigerator down.
You're going to drop it on your head.
Don't worry.
You'll碰 the refrigerator.
Rosie, get out of the streets.
You're going to get run over by that 18 wheeler.
Oh, you total dick.
Bravo one at 560 WQAM.
So, all the big build up and once again a big lifetime.
We knew it was just an arrangement.
Right?
Right?
Nothing to say.
What's going on with him there?
What's that?
The big yawn?
Are you getting bored by the OJ stuff?
No, I was yawning at Rolly.
No you weren't.
You're just yawning about the OJ crap because you're having a boring deterioration.
We've heard it all before.
How old were you?
You were like a little punk with that other stuff.
What are you talking about?
I had already graduated high school.
Yeah, and so I was like 18 and 19.
And were you glued to it?
Were you like obsessed with it?
No, I remember watching the, the verte?
The low speed, chains.
Oh, the low speed, the whole, the whole, the virgin stuff.
I wasn't something I was saying.
I was a little bit too like glued to every, uh, access Hollywood and everything like that.
Why not?
That ain't my thing.
You're on American, I think.
I think you ought to be deported.
That ain't my bag.
A Los Angeles County Court commissioner laid down a lot of singer Brittany Spears yesterday,
saying there was evidence that the pop star was a habitual frequent and continuous user of drugs and booze,
and ordered mandatory random twice weekly drug tests.
The commissioner ruling in a dispute between Spears and her former husband Kevin Feederline
over custody of their two children also ruled that he must meet with a parenting coach.
A parenting coach.
I've heard of anger management training, but parenting coach, have you ever heard of that?
Yes.
You have?
There are coaches for everything these days.
Life coaches, parenting coaches, film, and blank coaches, because a lot of people don't know how to do anything.
How about getting Brent as jolly joebell a management coach?
Or a programming coach, yeah.
Yeah, how about a programming coach for clearance?
How about an eating with your muffle or coach for us?
Don't do it, it's bad radio, it's yeah, right.
Screw you, Willard.
I hope the rats get you.
I hope your house is invaded by rats.
And they chew you and your whole family up, assuming you have a family, Willard.
Feederline wanted to be considered the pair of Ferris-Charl Custody,
who reminemed several high profile instance of erratic behavior by Spears.
Despite taking Spears to task, Commissioner Scott Gordon did not change the custody agreement,
which gives each parent shared custody of the childrens.
The court proceeding comes about a year after Spears 25, filed for divorce from Feederline 29 after two years of marriage.
The peer who said that irreconcilable differences of shared custody of the two boys since February.
Everybody makes babies.
That's the thing that really is wrong with the world.
All these people making babies won't think at least gay people don't make no babies.
Other than maybe Tom Cruise.
That, however, was before Spears inexplicable and bizarre public behavior that included
shaving off her blind locks at a San Fernando Valley salon, attacking paparazzi with an umbrella,
and parading in her underwear and without for all to see her reason for formats
at the MTV Music Video Awards has been widely derided.
That's the understanding of the century.
Wily derided as are you kidnoss yet derider out of town.
Despite a stint at the promises Malibu rehab center, Spears has continued to make the rounds of the
LA Celebrity Nightclub circuit.
Spears attorneys couldn't be reached for comment.
Well, but there is a Yantigal enter.
We're all in the courtroom.
They were all here to show support.
And they were all extremely concerned and extremely relieved that the judge accepted our
stipulation and granted our J.B.L.
Yeah.
I actually gave consent to that because I'm not real sure as to that.
My understanding was that when the original before,
OJ was arrested.
There was an arrest warrant signed through the Department 9 of the Justice Court.
And what ended up happening is that went through the system on a lower case number.
Now who the hell cares?
That 174 votes on the pool.
This half hour we're going over a thousand and Chris is going to jump up and say,
oh yeah, nice going people.
Come on people.
Well, that silly crap that you're always babbling about.
Come on people.
We can do it people.
That's right.
As if you're talking to somebody.
Actually, I think OJ is called for on this.
W.A.B.
You in.
You in.
You in.
You in.
You in.
You in.
You in.
You in.
How about an oldy jingle?
I don't want to see a lot of expressions on TR pick up of your charts like.
What do you mean?
Tell me Pete!
this one. CKLW Golden.
See if anybody got a dynamic open like that you can play any jingle in like...
Now that one I didn't care for that did you? No. That jingle was kind of like a wimpy and it was dead.
Now that was more like it.
There was a time when I was so broken hearted. Love was in my eyes.
The jails had turned me. No feeling that was that part of that kind of love.
It wasn't you guys.
Listen.
Oh, I want someone I can't resist.
I know I need to know a way.
I got you.
I was trying.
I want you to know.
I got you.
Now that's the reason I'm here.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
Now that's the reason I'm here.
You're trying to make it live.
You want me to stay.
It's time for me.
Yeah, I got you.
Tell you what I'm saying.
It's been on my mind.
It's been on my body.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
I'm gonna be free, I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna check, I'm gonna get to the end
I'm gonna get you, baby, what you do?
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna get me free
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna wait until the end
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna be free
I'm gonna wait until the end
So only you, we do you
I'm chattering, going through my neccessary
Hurrying, machting, let's give my blood
ой,ありがとうござ transforms
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna
die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die even more, bitch I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die. I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die. Hit the weather. I'm gonna die. All right, fast fall. I'll die. He heard. I'm gonna die if I die.
The best talent here is no longer an X-T4, or a U-F-I-60 Q-A-M-N-N-S-FORCE later.
Hey Stan, now joins the Joint Congressional hearing of the Genital B-Trace report already in progress with House Armed Services Committee Chair and Red Skeleton.
Give it to B-Trace, will you please hear you rosyly, put in Iraq, because it would be...
Take my hand, I'm a stranger in Canada.
What's somebody please, your dear Maplie?
You may continue to do B-Trace, or when you're some clean-expervading for you to wipe the ground off your lips.
Who won't please? Give it to B-Trace.
Excuse me, give it to B-Trace, would somebody have that entire group back there shot?
Thank you, it would be...
1217-560 W-Q-M-I sure enjoyed playing that entire crime, and you know something, when you think that they would have got a whole bunch more votes for that song, they kind of like refreshed everybody's memory how amazing and it didn't get one more vote.
No, so that's 15Y. Are you not in crime?
Yeah, sure, I'll knock it.
Why?
Common, current.
What?
Common played the battle that was a big hit, it's like relatively recent, not even like they're old stuff, which is their good stuff.
Current?
Current.
Like, too fresh in the minds of these people to refer it to be exciting, as a matter of fact it's already old enough to be old, but not so old that they want to hear it again.
Oh man!
Woo!
Played to death.
Yeah, recently.
By whom?
Well, MTV, it's in movies, it's everywhere, it's one of those songs that was everywhere.
We don't need to hear crying again anytime soon, like at least for another 20 years.
Nothing that it was that good to begin with, anyway.
You know something?
No wonder these people like you so much in the summertime.
Here's George!
Alright, so you can relate to the crowd out there, I can't, I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't know, because you're out of touch in Toronto.
Yeah, that must be it.
So you know something's used to be a DJ, what they play is something that's new, or so old it hasn't been in a long time.
It's not new, it's not new, what are you talking about?
Either something that's new, or so old it hasn't been heard in a long time.
Crying is neither new nor so old that it hasn't been heard in a long time.
In other words, it's been heard to death to the point where we don't want to hear it anymore for another 20 years.
That's not what happened yet, I know.
Not by me.
I know.
It's because I don't listen to the radio.
I know.
Let's see what you can look at.
Let's see what year that was from, 93.
So it was 14 years and you're telling me it's new?
Alright, I thought I explained it.
But you didn't.
Oh, don't push you that again.
So lame, so tragic.
In other words, it's got to be what, at least 30 years old.
30 years old.
It's worth hearing again and we can say,
20 is a good rule at the end.
20 years old, but not heard since then.
You know what I mean?
Because some songs are 20 years old, but you hear them all the time still.
Like stairway to heaven and money by the foot.
You'll hear them over and over and over again forever.
You don't need to hear them again.
They're already like engraved in your brain.
I don't want to hear stairway to heaven ever again.
And if we did that, what would we have to do that?
It'll win.
Just to piss off Charlie B.
What's the best song of all time?
Your favorite song of all time?
Stairway to heaven always wins that.
Sure, every time.
And stairway to heaven is not the bed.
I mean, it could be your favorite.
I can't tell you what's your favorite.
Right.
I mean, it's a good song, but Benug.
Yeah, enough already.
Enough already with stairway to heaven for Christ's sake.
What does some other big hits by Led Zeppelin by the way?
Led Zeppelin did not have a hits per se.
I know.
I know.
Do we have to go through that again?
I know.
Commercial list, commercial list.
We've got 1,000 to vote so for Aerosmith.
I don't think you even like Aerosmith.
I think you voted for Aerosmith.
Nope.
220 people voted for this.
You can see them besides George.
21.8%.
Dream on.
Sweet emotion 138.
I'm only going to read that out.
Which is also good for you.
What?
Which is also good.
They might not be in the right order, but they got the top three, right?
Sweet emotion 139.
Oh, in other words, you're not going to...
Oh, my God.
Are you kidding me?
You don't agree with me on living on the Aerosmith.
Oh, actually, I do like this song a lot.
One of the few newer ones that I like a lot.
I will confess.
You are just a hardass.
It's something wrong with the world today.
What a hardass.
I am a hardass, so...
I know that.
Now, let's see if this works with the jingle.
Solid gold hits.
Straight from the gold mine.
77 Solid gold ABC.
That was quite tight enough to, I should suit my fans, you know.
The big H-golden man.
Well, I can't play that whole thing right now.
It's six and a half minutes long.
Although, it'll come in handy before the end of the show.
You're going to argue with me about living on the Aerosmith.
I am a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid.
How about this, see?
Nobody can start to do this yet.
I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid, I'm a kid.
I don't know, you're going to do that.
I'm a good partner.
Nothing, I stopped it right when you hit the jingle.
How psychic was that?
That was good.
That's called Great Time and Baby, like by Jimmy Jones.
Time and...
Tick, tick, tick, tick, what do we remember we played that the other day?
Was it Jimmy Jones? Was that the guy's name?
I think it was.
And you find out.
And you find out which I thought was one of the most amazing developments in history.
Let's do a music show.
Here you go.
Good timing.
Like I said.
It's a good time.
And it's a good time.
And it's a good time.
And it's a day.
It's true.
It's time and baby.
We can't complain about the good music today because there really isn't much of any.
Well, if it was me, it sounds like an old funny dirty, but that just happens to me.
I'm putting a whole playlist on my Myspace and new and old music.
You can check it out.
They're all good songs.
Like signing and...
I probably won't like any of them.
Something that is truly terrifying.
Their video where they kill.
If Beats is a band going to a secluded hotel where they find 30 seconds Samaritan's doppelganger
and of course, Jared lives at a scene where he has a huge fight with.
You guessed it.
Another Jared Lido.
Well good.
Oh, Jared Lido.
Well, if your pledges come out, we don't want to see that.
Oh, Nickelback.
I want my Nickelback.
Can't have it.
No matter how they toss the tape.
Keep going, money.
We only want these two.
We only want these two.
We only want these two.
We only want these two.
We only want these two.
Long lasting flavor.
Fresh breath.
I can't see.
Can't I come out, but oh.
What the...
What the...
What the...
You know what that is?
Noise.
That's not music.
That's noise.
Oh, you're wrong, Neal.
You just don't like rock and roll, man.
You just do the...
What do you say?
That's about the point, but I'm not going to argue about that song.
Oh, good.
Light change.
Finally picked the blunge.
Unfortunately.
Stinged.
So did she.
Happy day.
Jury stiller, man, or Ben stiller.
He's the same thing.
You know, father and son both obnoxious, both two Jewish.
Do you think people understand what I mean when I say that like, like, like,
like, Jerry Seinfeld, two Jewish.
No, I think they understand your net size sunlight.
Well, that's what you're saying.
Okay, how can I be an anti-h...
How can I, when I'm circumspect?
Salt Haiti.
Two.
Two for Hitler.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
You calling me anti-Semitically like me, like me calling you like two Jewish.
I don't know.
Ten, eighteen on the pool, man.
We're going to make eleven hundred, I think, just to make Chris happy.
Oh, right.
And it makes Charlie be happy too.
I'll say, see, I told you this is a great series of polls.
You know, this is really good.
Ho, ho, ho.
You ever see Charlie be and Jolly Jobelle together?
I think it's the same person.
They're both trying to destroy the show.
Ho, ho, ho.
And believe you, me, they're both having great success.
I don't know, I think the aerospace thing is fine.
I'm glad you finally agreed on this, because if you would have said that was a crappy song
or whatever you said about crying, I would have just...
I would have cried.
Yeah, crying was weak, weak.
Emo rock ballad and a weaker version of what?
It's an Emo rock ballad and a weak example of one at that.
Oh.
Don't start crying.
I mean, there's lots of other good songs named Cryon.
Like most of the other.
Like you by worry, are you oversteining me?
You bet.
Cryon over you, Cryon.
Is like by worry the boy, yeah.
You know what I say about anybody that says worry the boy.
Gay.
Yeah.
I have somebody in mind when I say that.
Here we go.
Cryon.
This is better than yours.
Oh, yeah.
Are you a crazy person?
What do you mean?
You're half of one of those.
What's with the shades, Roy?
Part of his image.
You know, cover up the uglyness.
Didn't work.
No, that's a good poll to take.
It would be obvious singer of all time.
And we ever do that?
No.
No, no.
We might have.
Every time we say that, Eric, you know,
pulls a lot of it back.
But here it is.
When you did it, did it just last Thursday?
We didn't want.
Oh, that one.
Over you.
He's, I like Robert's and they're going to be wrong.
Hey, boy, just come here.
Here's that song to Aerosmith.
He's wrong.
Right.
I agree.
We're comparing Rocky Road ice cream time drop poop.
One is good and the Aerosmith one sucks.
27 past noon, AQA.
I'm waiting to tune in tomorrow and hear our new producer.
It's going to be great.
We can't do it.
In fact, Josh Curtis won your job for a long time.
I know.
I'm a genius like Aerosmith.
I'll always got crampy taste too.
But you're in trouble.
This is softball with Chris Matthews.
What do you say to me, President 2008?
Are they qualified?
I'm Chris Matthews.
Let's play softball.
Henry Clinton, welcome to softball.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Everybody else is afraid to ask.
Senator, puppies.
Are they cute?
Chris, I love puppies.
I'm going to hold you to that.
Rudy Giuliani, you are mayor of New York, 9-11.
Pizza.
Is it delicious?
Well, Chris, it depends, it depends on the topping.
Sometimes you have a question that tells you pizza is delicious.
Of course, yes, it's delicious.
I'm going to close you and have a final Barack Obama joins us via satellite.
Senator Obama, do you love your mother?
Absolutely, Chris.
I think everyone loves his or her mother.
Keep it a month, it's a softball.
After the break, Fred Thompson will give his estate on his smell of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies.
Of course, Matthews, you want his softball.
Well, that could be Fred Thompson who says he can't remember about Terry and her.
You.
Well, that's something a couple days ago they asked him his take.
Well, I don't remember enough about it too about Terry Shavo and I cry.
He can't remember.
He said that he's remembering his lines from TV.
Very sad.
Oh, speaking of Barack Obama, the Reverend Jesse Jackson called yesterday on Democrats seeking the 2008 nomination repression to give South Carolina voters something to vote for when they go to the polls in January.
On a statewide tour to register new voters, Jackson said South Carolina will determine who has momentum in the primary when it votes January 29.
Jackson sharply criticized Barack Obama for acting like he's white.
And what Jackson said has been a temporary response to six black juveniles arrested on attempted murder charges in Jenna Louisiana.
Jackson who also lives in Illinois endorsed Obama and marched toward the AP.
If I were candidate, I'd be all over Jenna Jackson said it after an hour long speech at Columbia's historically black Benedict College.
Jenna is the defining moment just like some always the defining moment said the iconic civil rights figure who worked with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in the 65th SELMA Civil Rights Movement.
And was with King at his assassination in 1968.
Later Jackson said he didn't recall making the acting like he's white comment about Obama stressing he only wanted to point out the candidates' head and seize on an opportunity to highlight the disproportionate criminal punishments black youths to often face.
Jackson also said Obama, who consistently has placed second in state national polls behind Swarovic Clinton, must be bolder in his political positions if he still raised Clinton's lead.
Jackson is the only African American ever to curious South Carolina in a presidential primary election.
Obama, South Carolina campaign, pointed to a statement of release last week in which Obama called on the local Louisiana district attorney to drop the excessive charges brought in that case when newses are being hung around while being hung in high schools in the 21st century.
It's a tragedy the Obama statement said it shows we still have a lot of work to do as an Asian to heal our racial tensions.
Thousands from across the country, including some from Columbia expected to converge on the small town of Janet today to protest the Jenna 6 arrests.
Jackson told the five to 600 students in his audience had been at it that criminal injustice instead of a rope is the pressing civil rights issue of their day with that voting remain their strongest ally.
Are we letting dark folks vote again now? I don't think so. Not in Florida. Not too many anyway. Just a few.
A green relative Jackson said he hoped to register thousands of new voters during the statewide swing which began Saturday in Rock Hill.
His approach worked for senior mass communications major Darius door. They dire a portrait 21 graduated from famed Scott Spratch High School and Clurren County which produced the Briggs versus Elliott school de segregation case in 1954.
The main thing when he speak to students is to get the new portion said he moved students today got them to come down to the floor register vote. He's moving it. He moves me. In fact when I see in here Jesse Jackson it makes me want to move my balls.
What's up? That's a good poll question. Who's the bigger opportunist Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpen who I see with their opportunizing again today.
What do you think? It's a tough choice but I'm going to choose Jesse. I say it's a draw.
In fact I think that would be a good idea to have them have a shootout if the okay not so okay.
Carousel and see you can draw first you know I would not be something to turn out to be a tie.
1038 on the euro Smith poll Charlie B says see I told you well Charlie B doesn't say anything even as anybody else on there.
It's just one of those things that runs its course the am I space you know I mean people are very fascinated with it for a while and I get like in fact when we first started doing that
we're like the whole audience ran away yeah yeah oh gee that's all he talks about is my space and that crap you remember that back at the beginning of the year.
Here it is already the middle of September look what a tremendous job we're doing here.
Oh Friday morning the trend at 10 a.m. I wish you're all whipped up about that. Yeah well I'm curious.
Yeah because it's mostly you all know and we're dropping off already solid may rock solid and we're keeping a lame June in there June will disappear when the summer book comes.
Oh thank God but I have a feeling it could be a really bad number all the way around because we're dropping a decent really good may.
They're like a six something in May and many team pleasant.
We're dropping that off and of course the audience wonder what do you mean we're dropping it off the trends and the ratings are ruling averages of three months.
January February March February March April March April May like that we could go through the whole year like that for those who are too slow to figure it out but I don't think it's necessary.
Is it necessary? Probably.
Josh Richmond in the Mercury News California says Stanford faculty protest drum felt selection to think tank.
Stanford University faculty members are protesting former defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld's appointment is a visiting fellow at the Hoover Institution he's a very interesting fellow.
Renowned professor of murderous psychology Phillips in Bartow was publicly blame Grumsfeld not a Bush administration officials for the notorious abuses at the.
Abu Gharr prison in Iraq is among a protest petition instigated as he put it.
We think he is distinguished himself for all the wrong things than what the University should stand for and what America should stand for is in Bartow said this week and in about 118 people it's not the petition by Sunday but the number should increase rapidly when the academic quarter begins next week.
The Hoover Institution announced September 7th that Rumsfeld will be visiting fellow a visiting fellow serving on the task forces scholars and experts focused upon issues pertaining to ideology and terror.
Hoover is in a sense independent Stanford but as always like to Stanford's in Bartow said the conservative public policy thing think is located on the University campus but the faculty said it has no input and appointments they can have any fascist they want there and they do we've never protested before but this seems to be egregious it's egregious.
The Hoover Institution did not return call seeking comment late Monday afternoon.
Sim Bartow 74 is perhaps best known for his 1971 Stanford prison experiment which students assigned to be guards in a mock prison in a campus basement quickly became sadistic at the same time the students chose to be prisoners soon showed passivity and depression quickly leading to dangerous and psychological harmful situations which forced him to end the experiment.
In 2004 he testified for the defense in the court martial US Army Staff Sergeant Ivan Frederick a guard of the.
Abu Garh Prison in a rank arguing that the soldiers sent should be mitigated because a few people can resist the urge to become abusive in such an environment without proper training and supervision Frederick still received the maximum sense of eight years in prison.
Sim Bartow repeatedly and publicly as blame Rumsfeld another Bush administration officials for the Abu Garh Reb abuses most prominently in his book published this year the Lucifer effect understanding how good people turn evil.
Other former cabinet members who are fellows are visiting fellows of the Hoover Institution could former energy secretary Spencer Abraham former defense secretary William Perry the former secretary of state George Schultz and former attorney general Ed Mies.
Current secretary of state kind of Lisa Rice gay is a senior fellow she's a fellow law right now and leave from the Hoover Institution and retired Army General John Abysade is now visiting fellow as well.
What a fellow that kind of Lisa what a fellow huh I would take issue with Bob one at the.
Rosie being the most famous lesbian in the world I would say it's kind of Lisa when you right to a lot more famous than Rosie sure I mean what do they know in the Middle East about Rosie.
They will kind of Lisa that is they want it gets going she goes shoe shopping 1045 and he or smith pull I don't care what George says George is tasty.
The best out of his new projects for the 560 QAM and the force later I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
He's really good.
I'm a Nina job.
Here's the news I'm a Nina job and he's kind of like Mel gives you a big scruffy beard anywhere as a brown jacket that looks like he bought it at banana rate public.
Of the dish come back I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
I'm on in the job.
Well, goodbye Tony Snow for the hour Cading hole.
Speaking of holes that's not a good place for the cancer to go doesn't go there.
I don't know what the hell I am.
If you got cancer in your hole, there must be where your mouth always goes.
You're a filthy liar who was hired only to deceive or shippled grooveries, murderous thieves.
I don't want to beat the tar baby.
And when your job is done, the playing for those dumb, dreaming is created with a thought.
Take your take your place.
Yes, lucky little boppy who's used to play in this way.
And the French law says it's good and you may be able to do it another try.
Oh, that's right.
French helps in this cancer too.
Maybe a bull's eye just in time or hole like you.
We'll beat your tar baby.
By Tony, 1245 and 560 WDQM 1050 maybe we're back on that again.
How many times is when we finish your break and we come back?
And I look at the poll and say 1050.
I bet you about a billion times.
Right so far, awful.
I made maybe two billion.
1050 and now I was going to the whole thing about WMGM, New York and WHN, which it became later on.
And C-H-U-M, Chum Toronto and stuff like that.
Speaking of Jingles and back in the day when Rady was worth listening to, and it was like inventive and creative and fun.
And then along came the big corporations, they took the fun out of radio.
They turned it into a piece of dreck, a surgically extracted.
They turned it into a brick of manure as they knew it.
Oh, nothing but the chaff.
That's correct.
I chaff from the chaff.
How's Crayon doing?
My plan I could any extra votes for it now?
No, it probably lost it to you.
Not a one.
Yeah, a lot to see.
A lot to see.
A week it was.
Now it's still at 15 crazy passives a matter of fact.
It's crazy past it.
I do love amazing.
But never left.
I'm not being said it wasn't good enough.
But still a try and one more aside.
Maybe we're just trying to art.
What really is closer than it is to art?
But I'm not judging.
And I'm trying to...
Now what is this with all these naked guys in it?
Wow.
We're talking about a lucky stumbling into a lucky pile of stuff.
But at any rate, let's move on with the show.
Let's not get sidetracked by a bunch of naked guys in bathing suit.
Please.
Okay, well I know you don't want to hear about that.
Some of us can't get sidetracked by that.
What?
Some of us cannot get sidetracked by that.
There's fags.
1247, gay.
At 5.60 W.A.M.
10 Raw.
Your favorite.
Didn't I read a tread Raw?
Yes, I did.
I'm doing it in the end today.
He beats around the bush a little bit too much though.
Yeah.
War is bad for logic and other living things, says Ted.
What non-violent, anywhere activist or unable to realize where it's Peter Gilder-Luce
is that the most important resistance, probably the only significant resistance to the Occupational
Baroque, is resistance being waged by the Iraqi people themselves.
This comes from a relatively tangential passage in a thought-provoking book, How Non-Violence
Protects the State.
They'll get a more detailed look in a future calm.
Although it's appearance and menacing, guaranteed it will receive scant notice, July 30th,
essay by Alexander Coburn was one of the first to seriously address the most troubling internal
contradiction of the anti-Wrack war left.
War everybody knows is a zero-sum game.
For one side to win, the other has to lose.
If you support our troops, you hope that minimum for their safe return.
But each day, U.S. soldiers survives at the front, means another day, he'll occupy Iraq,
another day, he can kill Iraqi resistance forces, supporting the troops as right when their
safe requires support in their mission, which means opposing the guys who are trying to kill them.
Coburn quoted Andy War activists Lawrence McGuire, the grand taboo of the anti-war movement
is to show the slightest empathy for the resistance fighters in Iraq.
They've never mentioned this people for whom we should show concern, much less admiration.
But of course, if you're going to sympathize with U.S. soldiers who are fighting a war of aggression,
then surely you would also sympathize with the soldiers who are fighting for their homeland.
And intellectually honest, an intellectually honest person with substitute instead for also.
It kills me to say this, but Neokhan Madman, William Crystal, was correct when he wrote in the weekly standard,
what mattered to the left was that it was dangerous politically not to support the troops.
Of course, the anti-war left hated what the troops were doing, so supporting the troops and feeling sorry for them, are pretending to.
The 2004 discussion over U.S. soldiers who bought their own body plates and resorted to Hilboly Armored to predict their humbys from roadside bombs
was a case in point.
Anti-war pundits, including me, tried to drive away between the Bush administration and the military,
but pointing out that the Pentagon was pinching pennies at the expense of soldiers' lives.
But what if you're in Iraq?
You risk your own life every time you place an IED along the highway of death between Baghdad and the airport.
The more Americans you blow up the closer you are to achieving your goal of liberating Iraq,
the lasting unit is anti-war Americans agitating for stronger armor plates.
A parallel to WW2 of the Good War depicted in countless movies is useful.
You are a German citizen living in Berlin and you hate to Nazis, you are against the war, you pray for the SS or the French resistance.
You can't do both where you could but you'd be an idiot.
The moral crime we forced upon the left is epitomized by Phyllis Benis and in the box want for the Institute for Policy Studies.
Certainly she allows the Iraqi people of the right to resist and legal occupation, including military resistance,
which is as they said in the 1970s mighty white of her.
But as a whole she continues, what is understood to be the Iraqi resistance against the US occupation is a dis-aggregated and diverse set of largely unconnected factions
in which the various often antagonistic armed movements, including several attacker-recus civilians,
as much as they do occupation troops hold prior to place.
There is no unified leadership that can speak for the resistance, there is no NLF or ANC or FML in the complaint real leadership,
and is accountable to the Iraqi population as a whole.
For most of WW2 the same as true of the French resistance since history grants them the uppercase R, too.
Why does he do that?
Communist socialists and even monarchists fought the Germans and each other until Charles de Gaulle's center-wide faction prodded boy and ultimately muscled out his more popular and more progressive rivals.
There were as interact today French criminal gangs who fought solely for money.
If this was 1943 and Benis and other mainstream liberals were anti-Nazi Germans, will they support what is called the French resistance?
As there are Iraqi counterparts due today the free-french carried out with the press of the period called terrorist attacks,
kidnappings, assassinations and bombings were usually directed at government officials, German troops and French collaborators, but civilians were also killed.
So why does the anti-war left find the Iraqis distasteful?
Gander-Lusse argues that the post-Vietnam American left this hard-life, this hard-wired, with reflexive pacifism,
denying that the violent militancy can never be a violent tactic, even with face with horrific oppression.
Liberals frequently express disapproval of protesters whose marked windows at the 1999 World Trade Organization meeting in Seattle and the earthquake-laboration fronts torching a VSU visa at the other dealerships, even though nobody got hurt.
Needs jerk nonviolence partly explains the left reluctance to embrace the Iraqi resistance, nationalism and patriotism is another factor,
who wants to see more funerals of American soldiers and who wants to be smeared as the next Hanover Jane.
When asked who I think will then take power after US forces leaves Iraq, the only thing I can anticipate with any confidence is that first I probably won't like them very much because they're likely to have far more religious orientation than I like, but that second it's not up to me to choose who governs Iraq.
The Islamist and or totalitarian ideology of many Iraq's anti-US factions is a turn-off for the Secretary of American left, the Guardians' Jonathan Freeland worried allowed in late 2003 when the war against occupation of Iraq heated up.
Not all of Iraq's resistance will fit a romantic marquee and some will be bathed as told out, Sodomites will once served as henchmen who are murderous dictator.
No progressives you want to see these villains land to blow on British American forces.
This year in the socialist New Politics Stephen Shalom noted that to give our automatic support to any opponent of US imperialism means we should have supported the Taliban in 2001 or Sodom was saying in 2003.
Since wars is zero-sum game it's our guy or there, support the troops by bringing them home as an empty slogan that belies reality.
With both political parties supporting the war, US troops are not going to come home anytime soon. As Gendr al-Ushraids the approach of the US anti-war movement in relation to the Iraqi resistance doesn't really qualifies bad strategy, it reveals a total lack of strategy and something we need to fix.
It also exposes an ugly truth about anti-war lefties, they don't believe in national self-determination any more than George W. Bush and Dick Cheney.
I think we could sum it up in two words, Gordon-Yushelfen.
Well, how do you like to read that article?
My favorite dish.
No, no thank you.
Wow.
But I don't.
Wow. Well that one in particular.
Right.
I don't mind almost any of the other ones that I read with these bedtime stories, you know, which is kind of like taken over the show.
Now that I've shut off the phone forever and ever, oh no Neil, you bring back all those good...
No, I want, I'm sitting it over to a footer, putting it in a big box, grapping it up with a big bow on top.
Here you go, footy, it's all yours.
Ah, well, give it a number out all the time.
Those people, that's right, once he gets on it, which I have no idea when it's going to happen.
But once he does, in fact, let's take a look at that website of his.
Too bad he changed that, he changed it twice.
Right.
You got rid of that one about, would you be in favor of national?
That's like saying, would you be afraid of, would you be in favor of not drowning puppies, you know, like that?
Should military assault weapons like the AK-47 be available for sale of the general public he has today,
33% say yes and 2-3rd say no.
So that means like at least three votes.
It's probably say nine votes.
So six say no and three say yes.
What do you think of that?
I don't know, what do you think?
Week. Well it says it's a weekly poll.
I see.
But I think you've got a good idea.
We can promote, we can give out his phone number.
Sure.
We can put it on our website, as a matter of fact.
For all you derelicts, all you losers, all your slime balls, put it on the show anymore.
But instead of saying, you know, to get in touch and talk to Neil, cause I do what I would do.
Yeah, right.
If you want to talk on a radio show called blah, blah, blah, we're going to say which one you would say.
Well I think George Rodriguez is like that.
Right.
Well Neil.
Great show, Neil.
Yeah, you know, you know, I'm not talking to you.
They know the rub down.
Sometime the next hour, I don't know how I'm going to get to him though,
because it's six minutes and twenty one and a half seconds long.
Grease it up in Janet in there.
I'll grease it up and stick it right in.
What's his name?
The best talent.
The film is Neil Rogers.
It's 4.25.60 km.
Next, fourth leader.
Are you something?
The only thing bigger than the one that's two hour is that Debbie Alice.
Boy, you see a cow.
O!
Absolutely.
The stuff living out of control.
Like workers, holes who have no idea nation.
Trainers get up and ask who goes.
Like Harlow's road, who's it that information on playing your loyal teacher.
Who's been playing some day.
Who follows them into hell?
Your home dead, pays in lies.
You're under the high, high, high, high control.
Your payment lies, because you've got their own end.
And their own end, your soul.
But the crisis about a war that ain't no war.
It's an occupation.
Learning babies and hot-fire cries.
For the human right, you love the things where space is you fight.
You don't think out of that grin in our lives.
Who Christians soldiers from hell, who dead, paid in lies.
That's in the heart that can't wait in lies.
They're paid in lies.
You let them be brought in.
You let them be brought in.
You're lies.
They're paid in lies.
They got you all under the high control.
They're paid in lies.
You remember them idle.
They out for their own.
I mean, can you imagine if we woke up tomorrow and there was no religion in the world?
What a slaughterhouse it would be.
And people would be killing each other in the world.
Without those priests to guide us, what would we do?
And molesting children and things like that.
And raping women.
We have a lot of time and money.
And what would we see that day?
Vegas Casinos of Memorabilia.
All that extra time and money is going to, you know, no good could come of that.
125,000 dollar bail said for OJ and we very soon he'll be on his way back to Kendall.
All his neighbors can have a big welcome back party.
Hey, OJ, we love you.
OJ, give us an autograph, OJ.
What's the worth, OJ?
Come on, Jews.
Oh, speaking of football, I got a story that Chris might even wake up for, but I doubt it.
What's that?
J. Feely says, I don't want Ricky Williams on the team.
You know, J. Touchy Feely?
Not going to be confused with A.J. Touchy Feely.
Or J. Feely.
I don't think J. Feely is Jewish.
Are you sure?
Not really, you don't know, nor do I care.
Coach, Cam Cameron, which I still say that sounds like a comic book character.
Sure.
Cam Cameron, doesn't it?
Right.
I think he made that name on it.
He's kind of cam-shaped.
We won't say whether he wants suspended running back Ricky Williams to rejoin the dolphins,
but one of his players isn't pulling any punches.
You go, J.
As a matter of fact, if you took J. Feely and A.J. Touchy Feely and you combine them
and you put the two together, wouldn't you have like J. Feely?
Sure.
Dolphins kicker, J. Feely said he wouldn't want Williams on his team.
No, I want to lock the room full of guys who aren't going to quit on us or fall when it's tough
and take the easy way out freely.
He said, well, that would be like right now because it's tough.
When the tough get going, baby, the dolphins fold up like an accordion.
Who didn't play in this week?
The Jets, J. E. T. S. U. C. K., right?
Yeah.
And the Patriots are hosting the Bill's B. I. L. S. U. C. K.
Williams' 30.
But third, man.
Who was suspended for the 2006 season after fading his third drug test was slated to return
the season.
However, it was revealed in May that he had failed a fourth drug test, pushing back
today for his possible reinstatement to the NFL to October after October 1.
His attorney, David Cornwell, recently said that Williams is eager to return to the NFL.
What happened with this trip to India and he was like smoking the peace bike with them
over there and the smoking stuff?
With the Maharish and Mahayi Yogi, Barra.
When Fili was told that Williams quit the offense part of the 2004 season because he knew
a suspension was looming, Fili had little sympathy.
You quit with your actions just as well as you quit with your decisions, Fili.
He said, you know that you're getting tested.
You decide to smoke a joint.
That's quitting on your teammates just as much as walking away from the game.
Williams who played for the dolphins from 2002 and 2005 was the Russian champion in 2002,
but has played only 12 NFL games since 2003.
He's been too busy smoking a big fat one month.
I want a guy who could trust Fili, said it would rather have a marginally talented player
who gives me everything he's got every day of practice in the games than someone with
better talent or gives their best effort just on some days.
In other words, we show up whenever he's in the move, whenever he feels like.
Who mails it in.
Right, like some talk show people.
Yeah, maybe Ricky was mailing it in.
Okay, anybody got some stamps for Ricky?
Just lick them.
While Cameron said he won't discuss Williams' situation until he's officially restated,
Fili said Williams has never brought up around the locker room.
Not at all, he said.
I've never heard a word about him ever since he failed that test, Fili said.
But if Ken and Randy Mulein decided to bring him back, I'd embrace him as a teammate.
Well, that sounds like talking out of both sides of your ass to me.
He says he wouldn't want him on the team, but if they decide to bring him back, I'll embrace him as a teammate.
Look at him, a big embrace.
Don't do that because we've heard those rumors about Ricky.
Okay, have we?
No.
That before, after he shaved off him, did locks.
I don't even know.
I don't even know.
He said he doesn't know Williams personally, but I don't know.
He doesn't believe Cameron would bring him back because of the coaches repeated emphasis on having players with good character.
Good character.
Not so much talent, but good character.
Okay.
What's wrong with the perfect season, V&O in 16?
Okay, they already had one the other way around.
What's wrong with that, Chris?
I don't know, you tell me.
Not everybody can be perfect.
Even the Patriots never had a perfect season.
Only the fish.
What year was that?
18 what?
1932.
1802.
Well?
Long time ago, living in the past, baby.
California Catholic Daily, somebody just facts this into,
I want to read this cold before I get a chance to read it.
Warm up first, put some mittens on.
Despite, what does this say?
Oh, deposition, excuse me, it's not the best copy.
It's okay though.
Deposition reveals allegations of sexual molestation against Bishop Todd Brown,
alleged victim comes forward.
Bishop Todd Brown of Orange, California issued this coming up with a faithful which reads in part,
we will be open, honest and forthright in our public statements to the media,
and consistent and transparent our communications with the Catholics of our diocese he had said.
On September 10th, legal counsel for plaintiffs in a sex abuse case against Jeff Andreid,
Andrade, the former coaching assistant, St. Anna's modern day,
a high, high, my sin that right?
MATERD.
Duh.
Deposed Brown about his nods of Andrade's alleged abuse of a female student in the 90s,
except for testimony about an auto accident in the 60s, Brown had never been questioned under oath before.
The most recent questioning, high ever, forced Brown to revisit charges of sexual abuse against himself.
At the beginning of the deposition plaintiffs attorney, John Manley,
who I'm sure is a very manly attorney, had Bishop Brown pledged not to employ mental reservation
with holding information for a perceived higher moral ground according to Manley in his testimony.
Manley then questioned Brown extensively by various priest accused of sex abuse
and diocese of Boisey, Brown's previous diocese and Orange.
Manley asked Brown about his nods of the wear of us,
the former diocesan chancellor, months senior John Urell,
whose deposition was cut short in July by his admission to a Canadian treatment center.
Manley, I hope their first child is a manly child.
MATERD.
Manley asked Brown about accusations of sex abuse brought against himself.
Brown replied, I've never viewed any person sexually or in any other way.
Manley proceeded to press Brown about the accusation,
including how he learned of it, to whom it was disclosed,
and why he didn't publicly disclose it as Cardinal Mahoney,
yet disclosed allegations made against him.
Plainist Loris, a Brown's admission, violated his covenant with the faithful.
Brown said he didn't divulge the accusation because he knew it wasn't true
and because it was very embarrassing and very painful.
And to be honest, I think that kind of an allegation is difficult to deal with,
regardless of how innocent a person may be, he'd be saying.
The allegation may prove to be even more difficult for Brown to deal with,
since his accuser came forward publicly, September 17,
in a view of the LA Times, it sounds like Monday.
Scott Hicks, 54, a Fresno-Megra Cultural Scientist, claims that Brown,
while a priest at our Lady of Perpetual Health in Bakersfield,
molested him on three different occasions, sometimes in the mid-60s.
While they want to give him perpetual help.
Hicks claims that Brown molested in twice-centred grounds
in the third molestation to place at an undisclosed location
with other children and priests present, Hicks alleges that photos were taken on that occasion.
While Hicks said that he's never had any intention of suing him forward
to the Fresno-VIC's 98, and told the VIC's Human Resources Director,
I wanted him, Brown, out, and not to be around kids.
The VIC's have phrased no share of the allegations with the current County D.A.s Office.
Last week, current County D.A. Edward Jaggles told the Times that he vaguely remembered the case,
but said it came to a completely uncorroborated allegation.
Hicks said he never was interviewed by the D.A.s Office.
Jaggles said his office would have turned the case over to the Bakersfield Police Department
who showed a conducted interviews.
Hicks is the only accusation sex abuse made against Brown.
The Orange VIC's had asked that Brown's deposition be temporarily sealed
because as a reading of the deposition shows, says that I,
since in a website, didn't want to disclose a few particular details
among senior Urels medical condition.
Wow!
I wonder if it has to do with us.
Back to what it is.
Brown did violate his covenants as the ISIS in a website
because the command doesn't require disclosure of allegations
which have no credible or factual basis.
It must be interpreted in a manner consistent with law.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, sounds like a bunch of double talk to me.
Another isolated incident, another child must be impreased.
And another cover-up.
And another bunch of double talk.
And a partridge in a perpetrator.
I'm glad somebody faxed it and the timing was great
because it was just after I was telling about what kind of a horrible world it would be without religion.
Oh my God!
People will be killed each other and there will be wars
and all kinds of horrible crap going on.
And intolerance and hate.
And maybe turture.
Hate.
Murder and turture.
And turture.
Ten seventy-three, we're going to make eleven hundred or bust.
We've got fifty-one minutes for twenty-seven votes
and we can't do that.
Shut the transmitter off.
There's that humongous blob.
Thank the Lord.
Thank God.
Now it's out there over to like over the Bahamas and stuff.
And moving like North.
Right headed for Charleston, South Carolina.
That'd be a good thing to wipe South Carolina off the map.
Only then what would Jesse Jackson be screaming about?
He's a screamer.
Him and Al Sharpton, two of the worst opportunists, man.
So obvious.
Every time there's something kind of long it has to do with anybody darker than like Moka.
They're in it.
And the darker, the more involved they are.
Have you ever noticed that?
The darker the people are, the more deeply they are involved in it.
Not as a storm, but as the low.
As that little circulation, then it's going to get into the Gulf of Mexico.
And then we begin to worry.
Yeah, worries may be the wrong word.
But it will begin to gain strength in this very water.
Oh, out of the Gulf.
And the farther it goes to the west, the stronger it could be.
I would be so happy if it blows Houston right off the map.
And in some of those four vans from Katrina from Nalain's,
who may still be hanging out there, they may just get on the road again.
On the road again, with William Nelson maybe.
1075 on Aerosmith pool.
Charlie B. I'm sure is saying, oh, I'm sitting back fat and sassy.
You know, see I told you to be great.
And you know, I can't believe those people who don't like them.
No matter what group you mentioned, there's going to be a significant effort.
People are going to say, I can't stand them.
I don't like the way they look.
I don't like the way they smell.
I don't like the kind of ice cream they eat.
I don't want them to do with them.
I don't like the way their bomb movement smells bad like Ethan Skolnik.
I don't want them to do with them.
Oh, look at that in Daytona.
Look at that.
Wow, it is raining.
Oh, gray and rainy day.
Oh, boy.
Oh, wow, there's a gray and rainy day in Daytona.
I sure hope it doesn't wash those beautiful beaches away.
Although I noticed that much of that's eroded anyway.
It's long gone anyway.
All right.
Can you still drive on the beach in Daytona or not?
I haven't been there in years.
Last time I checked.
You can?
Yep.
You can drive it on the beach.
Far as I know.
Don't tell that to Jim Nogel.
You don't want nobody driving it on the beach.
There's OJ again, getting up with a nice jumpsuit and handcuffs.
1075 on the survey.
What's your favorite Erosmith song of all time?
I'll give you like the top couple.
Few.
Handful.
I'll give you a small handful.
I hate Erosmith, 21.4%, 231.
And guess what?
To you.
Bad taste.
Sweet emotion, 144.
Dream on, 125.
Walk this way, 103.
And after that, small potatoes.
Jane's got a gun.
59.
I can't even read it.
I mean, it's okay, but it's not in the same category with some of the other good stuff.
Jane, you got a gun.
In fact, it's enough to make me want to pull one out.
I just blow a few people away.
What a list I got, too.
Longer.
The best talent.
Here is Neil Rogers.
435-62 AM.
The sports leader.
2, 3, 4, more bombs drop.
5, 6, 7, 8, more bombs drop.
9, 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop.
We're going to drop.
Round the clock.
We're going to drop.
And bombs and they go dead.
Loose that rag right off their head.
We're going to bomb.
Around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb.
Out their life.
We're going to bomb.
Go to bomb.
Around the clock tonight.
All right.
Here's Neil.
Bam, Bam, Bam.
Mine.
Mine.
Mine.
Mine.
Here's Neil.
Come, Bam, so.
Have a blast.
We're going to drop.
All up your ass.
We're going to bomb.
Round the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb.
Out their life.
We're gonna box, gonna box, around the clock tonight.
This is not the boys, so what are you doing?
Please, I know!
Oh, look at that. Marty says, yes, Neil, pouring in Daytona Beach, Edgewater, and you can
drive on New Smirna Beach and Daytona Beach. Love you, Marty. Thank you, Marty.
Wherever you are. I do like that. Well, I guess it is raining because they just showed that
live on CNN in Daytona. And of course, if I was, you know, a nod out of the
time, I would have been talking to you about this in Florida. I'd be right there to see
it raining in Daytona, wouldn't I? Oh, nope.
I wouldn't? What if I looked out the window? We got $10.82 on the pole. We're gonna make $1100
in Chris's. We gonna have to be happy about that. Let's hear it for Chris. Come on, let's
have a big round of applause. I got to have a big round of applause. Let's hear it, Chris.
Let's hear it, Chris.
Errol Smith. What am I gonna have time to play that?
No. No? Okay, well, do I have time? Yeah.
But I gotta do an oldies' jingle first. Now, which one didn't I play yet? That one there.
No, I got a whole bunch of oldeds under oldies. You don't got these.
I'm a decent hunter. It's like this.
Come here. Go. Go.
I am playing that one before. I don't like it. I don't like it. It's alright.
CKLW is to do.
That's more like it.
Oh, right.
I don't know.
Absolutely.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm still wrong with the worlds today. The night falls getting dim.
There's no doubt in the sky.
I'm just a white man by the color of the skin.
And this will go a better man than I.
Oh, bleeding on my head.
I'm bleeding on my head.
I'm bleeding on my head.
I'm bleeding on my head.
Tell me what you think about your situation.
A complication.
A relationship is getting to you.
Yeah.
If you need a touch of it, it's fine.
It's fine.
Even if it wasn't, we'd still come back again.
I'll make you move my friend.
Again.
Again.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm bleeding on my head.
Tell me what you think about your situation.
A relationship is getting to you.
Yeah.
If you need a touch of it, it's fine.
I'm afraid that if it was, we'd still come from inside the jail
I'll take you through another frame
I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it
I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be hanging on
I
I
I'll go, go, go
We could go to both sides
And maybe no one else
And maybe no one else
I'll get it, I'll get it, I'll get it
I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
But I'll be the race with the world today
We could get up now, we could let it go
And everybody knows it's wrong
We could get up now, we could let it go
I'm dying over here
What biggest name to the best town of Tio?
Is no largest, 4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
The wear of exploding balls
Oh, you got those blue-nuts
Oh, wow
You got a pair of these blue-nuts
And they made a switch
A rock pass, a new president
That's only an eclipse in this
I hear this word out on the street
Got a big surprise
Waiting for this new government
She working on a car bomb
She working on a car bomb
Yeah
She's having fun and safe like that
I'm a car bomb
Maybe a nice limb on seeing this
That car bomb here
Ooh, these loyalists will hit your heart
I reckon a place to be
If you're some political star
Give me your car, ain't always cool
Don't have this show for getting first
Don't you be a fool
That we're being on a car bomb
Yeah, turn that Tio here
You know a car bomb
New president's been to watch our bomb
The car bomb here
You know the interesting and very distressing thing about the arrow screen before
I played two songs
One of what you like and the other one which you're your turn to when you don't like anyway
Right
And you'd think that after I played the song
You'd think it's some additional votes, right?
I would not think that now
Well, they didn't
I got no argument with the top three although personally I like eat the rich
It's one of my little favorite
I mean living on the A
I just still got 33
I think that's what I had before I played it
And Brian has got like 16 which I think it had 15
So it's making a big move
Not
We got 1097 votes if we can get three more votes on there I can change the poll
And that'll make Chris very happy
It'll get us to 1100
And then we can get the one on there for tomorrow
Make Brandon very happy about the booker
A burger joints
I know we've done that how many times before
About 30 men
You can never do that too much, can you?
Yesterday, afternoons, speaking of burger at burgers
I tried for the first time at Canadian chain
Have you ever heard of Harvey's?
Harvey's?
Harvey's burgers, ever?
Not hardies
Hardie would know he is in very bad
And I tried the double bacon cheese burger when I didn't eat the bun
And it sucked
The meat tasted like
See, I don't know what horse meat tastes like
But it tasted like what I would guess horse meat
Or maybe like mouse meat
Or something like that
It's not good
And then their slogan is Canada's Toronto's best burgers
I got news for you man
I'll take Mickey D's any day of the week over that
Any day
I'll take mouse meat
I'll groughten any day over Harvey's
I don't want to knock them though because you know
Maybe someday they'll come give me a big check for a million dollars
Hey, we just gave you a million dollars
Say something good about Harvey
I doubt it though
You never heard of Harvey's?
No
We have 1100 Chris
Oh, right
Aren't you excited now now I can go down the whole list from 8 to Z
And I can also change the poll and get that poll on the burger
Which will get branded all excited
You think it'll get them excited?
The best burgers come from
Now let me know if I left any place out
Okay?
Let me read what we got
McDonald's
And I don't know that if we were taking the call, is that guy we call
You're cheating on the poll, you're not only are you mailing it in
But you're starting to poll in the middle of the previous day show
You're cheating on the poll deal
When you say that?
Yeah, it's my idea
He will say don't eat on the air too
You're mailing it in
McDonald's Burger King Wendy's
Checkers slash rallies, which I guess is the same
Court of Random
Fudruckers
Charhut
Sonic
Hardies
Not to be confused with Harvey's
White Castle
Jacket of Box
Burger Chef
See we got places that don't exist anymore in other words which is or was
Crystal
Fat Burger
In and out
Which I never had those there in Vegas
I wonder OJ had any
I bet you OJ had some in and out in Vegas you think?
Hot now
Oh yeah
Not so hot and definitely not now
Not even later
Big boy
Stake and Shake and Arnold's Royal Castle
Which somebody called me as a spy report not that long ago
That they're rebuilding and that they're doing it and maybe
We'll get a word someday from Wayne
Fact Wayne's probably trying to call in every day
We don't take any calls anymore Wayne we're sorry
But set us a facts
Set us a letter in a bottle
Send a message over a message from Garcia
It was Garcia by the way
Huh?
Was it Mike Garcia used to pitch for the Indians in 1954
When the Indians won the appenate with 111 wins?
What a memory I got for crap you know
Mike Garcia, Bob Feller, Bob Lemon
And Herb Score
Those were the great Indian pictures 1954
Bobby Avila played second base and I think led the league in hitting with 341 average
He was right in there with Irv Noran of the Yankees
Who didn't have enough at bats to qualify but nevertheless
How is it you remember things like that?
I don't know
And I'm supposed to be the non-Sports guy in the station
I've forgotten more about sports than these nerds will ever know
And if I remember it I'd be dangerous
Okay here's the uphole result
So it's up and working on the burger thing
There you go Brandon don't say I didn't take care of you
So to speak
What's your favorite arrowsmith song of all time?
I hate arrowsmith 21.4 for example
At least we got that down a couple of points
Does it make you feel a little bit better?
No
236 people said that
Sweet emotion 146
Dream on 148 and walk this way 104
And I would agree with you even though I didn't vote for any of those
I would agree it's hard to argue with those
Right and he's got a gun 61
Back in the settle 55
I don't want to miss a thing 43 that's from the movie apoplectic
What's the movie?
Apoplectic
Apapocalypse
Apapocalypse now
Or later
Dude looks like a lady 42
I wonder if Spencer is still alive
Well he turned on us like a cornered rat
Remember that?
And we went to Paxton
There weren't enough cars there
And there weren't enough business lights
So we just turned on us
We didn't have nothing to do with washing our cars
Because there weren't enough business for them there
Too many cheap people like Jack Mark who's dead now
Living on the edge 34
I guess that will teach Jack Mark to mess with us
I know he's dead
Don't be using my park and spa
Oh, other Jackass
A living on the edge 34
Love it an elevator 32
Ragdoll 25
What it takes 24
Last child 20
Amazing 19
Angel 18
Crazy only 17
Crying only 16
ETH or RITS 13
Come together 12
Big 10 and 11
The other side 10
Pink 10
Jaded 10
I think Jaded should do a little bit better than that too
But that's another one your rights have been played in the ground
There's all those parodies we've got
Which I can't think of the name of any of the other one
Are you faded?
I know, huh?
Oh, the other one
Stocks faded
Stocks faded?
Mm-hmm
Let's see
Let me see if I got that
I never heard of that
Oh yeah, I know it
I don't know
Hey, I wonder how we made out with those Marlon ticket giveaways
That was from noon to one
And now do we ever get any like feedback like we used to when I'm ago was there is it?
Yeah, if we want he doesn't you know he doesn't know that we want feedback
Well, I mean did a lot of people come by and pick up the tickets
It would be a feather in our craft I can't if you know
Hey, believe that people come by and pick up tickets we'll find out
Yeah, come on let us find out flea
Falling in love is hard on the knees
Five walk on water three douches our wild three blind men to and fly away from here
Solomon, they une out of eleven hundred
That was okay. I you know the only the thing is of course every time we do one of those pulls
It gives us another opportunity to kill a few minutes by playing a couple of songs by whatever group is in question
You know, I mean
And let's take a look at Charlie B's pile here not that I'm going to do it maybe me one a week would be okay
Like like with Errol Smith they got so many long cuts. They're like living on the end six and a half minutes
And what was the other one I played like about four minutes Marvin Gaye
Simon is our fungal what I don't think so you don't think so what is Marvin Gaye
He's dead though
Peter Paul and Mary Tina Turner get out of here Tina Turner
He's got a whole list of eighty five thousand songs on here most of which I never heard of
You think Tina Turner is guy I am three dickless
And we know what fans because I know she had a rough life if she was beaten but it's not personal as a businessman
We like you Tina just fine Tom Petty in the heartbreakers. They had a lot Jesus Charlie B. Oh yeah
Like him because he's ugly steamy wonder I like Stevie Wonder and he's ugly
You don't necessarily see eye to eye but he's ugly
Smokey Robinson I mean that's just silly you know the mirror. Oh you had a hundred hit get out of here
Beach boys and beach boys we can do it now we can hear God only knows when you're Brian Wilson doing that
I feel so bad I know why I feel bad I don't feel bad for Jim DeFese
He's though because he's coming back on 8.50 although I should feel bad for anybody being on 8.50
It's a fate worse than death
So how are we doing on the burger thing so far you know it's kind of cheating to look on the Mars already when you think
Mm-hmm and the guy that says I'm a little bit and he'll be really all I'm doing just to piss him off
Okay, I hope you're really pissed off and forming it them off like the William Donahue of the Catholic League
I hope you're real far-bisoned okay. I hope there's blood spurting from your tongue
You old goat
The best burgers come or came from meaning pastor present can be places no longer around
How come they don't have white castle on there?
You do have white castle on there. We do. Oh, thank God for that. Don't have any votes yet
19 votes on the new on the brand new pool
See I think it's exciting when you got something new and different on there even if it sucks not that this sucks brand and don't get upset
22 votes char hot six
Thought a record five hold the butter please don't but the bun please it makes me do a stuff
Makes me do do when these four stay-in-take-two in and out one
Fat burger one crystal one checkers and Narelle's one and McDonald's one
That's it all the other ones are got so far the big oh
You know something there's some I know you're gonna laugh on a thing of this there's something I'm always knocking them
But there was something to be said for Mickey D's you know
Yeah, I'm saying that after trying Harvey's yesterday
It's a no matter where you go in the world and of course you've never been anywhere
But no matter where you go Mickey D's you know what you're gonna get it's consistent
It's exactly what you expect to be like an Amsterdam or in
Berlin or any where you go
It's exactly the same and
You didn't know who yesterday who Ray clock was who
were you
K. R. O. C. Ray Crock what a guy don't know. He's the founder of McDonald's baby
He bought out a couple of brothers out in the West Coast who had like one burger place
That's where he discovered the idea from them and they had a big falling out and
Etc. And so on then he bought the San Diego Padres and they sucked but nevertheless
And then he croaked and he got left with his Indians and all his to his wife and she gave all kind of money to cheer
It in and then she croaked that's how the stuff is going around by the way
19 before two at five sixty WQ and start or I'll live her
It's
I'm glad.
14-0-2, although that sounds like extra-3 activity.
I'll probably get an email from clearance later in the day.
Neo, could you quit sneezing on the air and by the way, don't eat with your talk with your mouthful and make sound.
You're in, George.
Screw you, clearance.
You lost.
So Michael Neo on his blog actually writes something fairly relevant and interesting that he can believe that.
He says that you can?
Sure, why not?
He does.
Well, you're alone.
Yeah, but once he twice a year.
I knew I recognized his name, says Mike.
By now, almost everyone has seen the video of the arrest and tasering of University of Florida student Andrew Meyer, western's own, after he hung the microphone in the campus appearance by Senator John Kerry and said,
Ow, ow, ow.
I'll be writing about this for tomorrow's papers.
So I'm not going to give you my opinion just yet, says Michael Holdemail.
Well, I'll give you a little background about the kid.
I liked his writing enough when he was at Cyprus Bay High to award him first place in the columns division in the 2004 Sun-Send-Mil high school journalism contest.
Every year I dreaded the comms category for Brown High School Journalist, a duty I approached with Dread and Excitement.
I thought for a second it said, Experiment.
Dread for the 60 depressingly dull and repetitive entries consisting of lamentations about reality TV programs, the senior blues and college application neuroses.
Excitement for the handful of entries that crackle with passion about issues involving their schools and beyond.
Meyer's writing belonged to the latter.
My comments and Meyer's first place comms has well-rounded, brightly written and free touched on issues of school concern, honor society dues, parking woes, and also feed to a keen analysis of Ralph Natives' presidential run.
Meyer was a contributor to the Sun-Send-Mil's teen time section and also wrote pieces for the newspaper about campus life-holic college student.
My colleague, O'Line Cognula, features editor who supervised him, wrote this to me about Meyer.
For what it's worth, Andrew is one of the finest students that ever worked with.
He was not spoiled as they said on Nancy Grace last night.
That bitch!
He was always polite and reliable. He's passionate about politics and I say thank God.
Dear God!
We should be glad the next generation cares about politics.
Mike Mayo continues what Meyer did on Monday wasn't journalism but attention-grabbing student activism.
Do you think he deserved what he got?
Well, absolutely not. Of course the answer is absolutely not.
Unless you're a crazy person, unless you're an obnoxious bitch like Nancy Grace, hateful, sal.
That's no surprise to me that you would come down on the side of the Taser Police.
Right?
Right?
Don't Taser me.
Bra.
Yeah, don't Taser me, bitch.
Unasty, hateful, sal.
Rotten to the core, man.
This is the kind of swill they put on television and they poisoned the brains of the American public seeing they're watching.
Like she's got some clue what she's talking about.
And then there's that other one that's always sitting there.
I can't think of her name on court TV.
She also makes the round.
She's on all the talking head shows.
Another maven, another smarmy bitch. Susan something or other.
Susan left over.
I don't know what her name is.
What are we going to do about Nancy Grace?
You know what's wrong with her?
It's not as far as I'm concerned.
She's fallen from...
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Someone at home that keeps putting it on that channel.
I think she's obsessed with her.
I think she wants her.
Really?
Yeah.
That's the same channel that's got things on the right show on there.
Two and another.
Another right wing lunatic.
That's what we got, baby.
You got your fox and you got your CNN headline news with all the right wing proper gang to buy.
Oh, well, let's hear about the liberal media.
You know, it's the liberal media right.
Speaking of that, speaking of right wing fascist, Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney
is launching a radio ad touting the strength of his opposition to gay marriage.
Romney, who's come under criticism from conservatives who has passed support of some of the right issues,
says he's the only major GOP candidate back in a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage.
Well, a goody-goody gumdrop.
Not all Republican candidates agree, but defending marriage is the right thing to do.
Romney says in the 60-second spot the beginning to tomorrow or today.
The ad is meant to set him apart from Fred Thompson, John McKenna Rudy Giuliani, and the minds of conservative voters.
Giuliani, meanwhile, takes a different approach in his new radio, Iowa spot, portraying himself as the Republican most likely to win over the more moderate electorate in the next generation of a general election.
Many conservatives are a liri of Giuliani because of his viewers on issues including gay rights and abortion and his 85 divorces.
The ad Giuliani began airing Tuesday points to criticism of the candidate from the liberal group, move on.org,
and argues that Democrats fear Giuliani the most as the potential GOP nominee.
Why is move on.org attacking Rudy Giuliani?
They had asked because he's their worst nightmare.
Romney's new ad is targeted directly at evangelical Christians, those far-bisoned goyms,
who are crucial to Republican politics in Iowa, while were precinct caucuses traditionally launched the nominating season.
The ad coming as I was in the world and a court fight over its gay marriage ban points to Romney's role in battling a Massachusetts court ruling that paved the way for same-sex marriages there.
He is far-bisoned.
In fact, with him, you take the second M out of Mormon.
You follow?
I get it.
I know you do.
I'm all asking you.
I'm all asking you.
You're going to get a pistol taper.
How do you spell it without the second M?
M-O-R-O-M.
Even Mo gets it.
Nice going, Mo.
And along the same lines, Maryland's highest court ruled yesterday that marriage between a man and a woman overturning a lower court ruling and dashing the hopes of nine, same-sex couples who wanted legal protection for long-term partners.
The state appeals court in a four to three decisions, said the state has a legitimate interest in maintaining heterosexual marriages.
The institution that allows procreation in a traditional family structure.
Our task is to determine whether the right to the same-sex marriage is so deeply embedded in the history, tradition, and culture of this state and nation that it should be deemed fundamental to court-wrote a 244-page opinion.
Rehold that it is not.
Just like the right of women to vote.
That was deeply held, but of course it was not, and they changed it.
And just like the right of blackstone property was not, but they changed it.
But nevertheless, when it comes to fags, baby, we don't like it.
We don't like that. That's America. That's the last bastion. It's all clear to hate fags in America.
Am I right about that? Blackstone?
Yep.
Because then you'll have Jesse Jackson and El Sharpton on your doorstep. Fast enough, you can say, you're a mama.
But if it's fags that you're a... so do we get any message from flee or not?
No, I could call him.
Call him what?
Flea?
Now this is the guy that replaced Miguel after Miguel got sted...
This is the guy that replaced the guy that replaced Miguel.
Well, he replaced the guy that replaced Miguel.
He replaced the guy that replaced Miguel was incompetent and if there wanted something else in the...
He all ass, right?
Well, the last money.
He wanted money.
He wanted some money.
What an evil, evil man fat jolly joy is.
Evil. He is the anti-criter.
What the faggot?
The best talent.
He's a real logger.
Wow, he's a robot.
He's a true AM.
He exports leader.
If I am in town, I'd fight six O W Q A A.
By the way, those tickets went like ten minutes, I'm told.
All right.
Well, that makes me feel like a major accomplishment.
Not.
Does it?
No.
It's better than not giving up.
No, but it has a tension through their busy little day while our leadership has gone insane.
She's in $1 billion is what we all paid to build a bond that makes your head of these games.
They postponed the project when the word got out about a bond that turns a fox whole ground.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, throw them all away by making them want to throw them all the way.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, it's time to war.
You need a different kind of sword.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, turn the soldiers into fagg.
Trading them a shingun for a product back.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, a man in way you find.
Let's get this all to pay tonight.
To rip it by some hating or more moving in here.
Hit the gun of this you said a great idea.
Let's shoot you the world whose a boss is here.
By turning everybody queer.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, hit, pop, hit your mouth.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, hit, pop, hit, pop.
Hit, pop, hit, pop, hit, pop, hit, pop, hit your mouth, hit.
Hit, pop, hit, pop.
Buy, buy, buy.
I don't care how many day go get any what grease ball come out of the wood work pick off those checkered pants
