A stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Absolutely.
Yeah, we don't hear anything more about her and that's probably just as well.
Although I'd rather hear about her than ending the call.
To be honest, we haven't heard anything more about ending the call and judge Scyland.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I'm not sure if she's going to be able to say something about her or not.
I never think of his name.
He's James Arnes' brother.
Peter Graves.
Yes.
Very good.
Hey, I'm a sharp.
Listen, you are out doing your adducing, tracing, quadrothering Chris.
Chris was peeing on my legs so I had to change it under where four times.
I'm not even...
Oh, I'm worried his underwear.
He's terrified of you.
Who is?
What is?
He's terrified of me?
Huh?
What does that mean?
He's like white-faced like a sheet, like a ghost.
You know, so what's new with that?
Oh, nothing.
Anybody as fat as he is is going to be pasty-faced.
You would see a lot of fat people with really good compressions, do you?
No, you're usually red-faced because they're heaved all the time.
Yeah.
But he's white-faced now because the blood is...
Whatever.
That's right.
I don't know why you would say that boy.
He was kissing up this morning like, oh, God.
We should do that whole thing on here, especially since this Thursday, March 1 is my 31st anniversary on the year in South Florida.
Wow.
What an accomplishment.
I'm just going to be head-lying news in all the newspapers.
Not.
And I bet you they might even have the phone fixed by Thursday, but I doubt it.
Doesn't look too promising, does it?
Yeah.
Not.
Really?
I don't know at this point.
Well, there's some kind of an internet issue there that has to do with my ability to take the phone.
I mean, we can take phone calls there.
You can punch them up like we did that one bozo yesterday.
But so it's a good thing I got plenty of practice just de-amoring for four hours.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
In fact, you know something?
No.
That would be a good thing to play.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
Bap, bap, bap, bap.
For four hours until they get to think fixed or we can always do this one.
I think he's got a little bit more flavor to it.
Yeah, we can do that every day until they fix the phone because it obviously hasn't been a high priority.
But Steph is working on it.
He's the one engineer we've got in the building who's got any kind of a clue about, you know, what it's all about.
Or the fact that we're even on the year.
He cares.
He does, Carrie.
Here's enough to send his very best just like hallmark.
I'm going to go to work for hallmark.
I'm going to start sending out writing greeting cards because I send, I write such great flowery emotional stuff, you know.
So I'd be good at that working for hallmark.
What we need is somebody to write accurate cards because I can never find something for Mother's Day or Valentine's Day.
I'm going to hate you the content that you have for these women.
Or the ambivalence, you know, like, hey, here's the card.
It's more than you deserve.
Here's the card, bitch.
How would that be for a nice, so be a nice cover payout.
Here's the card, bitch.
Hope you would appreciate it.
You're doing something with the moon.
Don't shine.
I'm a nice guy so you get a card, you know, not because you deserve it, but because I'm nice.
So one of Chris's the show's been on fire less cover.
Wait, since even he and Josh Courtesy were commenting.
Of course, Josh is sucking up because I got him that flavor wave oven.
100 bucks out of my own pocket.
That's because I'm a wonderful guy.
So you're not supposed to say that, but nobody else is going to say it.
So I'll say it.
Wonderful guy.
I'm generous.
I'm loving. I'm kind.
I'm decent. I'm human.
All these things.
And of course, one of the things that management has never understood
that any station I've ever worked at since I've been doing talk radio for the last hundred years
is that your ability to do a show, to do a really good show is connected,
is directly linked to your psychological frame of mind.
Right.
So the last couple of weeks Chris has the show has been on fire.
It's been great.
And that's because I'm in a great frame of mind.
I'm a happy camper.
I really am.
Now, what you said, Chris, when you were kissing my ass when George was out there on a crapper?
Yes.
And even George Cordes said that.
I'm surprised that he listens back there.
Well, I love you.
Why? You know, he loves you.
Yeah, I love you.
He looks like a vector with headphones.
So he wants to be distracted.
I'm telling you.
He does.
And too much gambling talk.
I don't know, just as with Hank, four to five.
And then the Humper Solo, five to six thirty, because we got Panther preview at six thirty.
And the Panthers who are not going to make the playoffs again for the Farm with Year in a Row
at the Washington Crapidels at seven o'clock tonight.
Speaking of that.
Oh, we got all kinds of stuff.
All of a sudden, it clearly showed up again in the building, was he like,
Yeah, on a way that passed away.
He is there this morning.
Sure.
So they get a collar on the square table and don't, don't get me started about the different segments,
because you were telling me the other day that the morning shows now,
because I'm an old funny day.
I'm out of the loop.
And what do I know about radio anyway?
Right.
But that's a new deal with most of the morning shows, like the FM morning shows,
is they all have to have prefabricated segments.
Oh, yeah.
7, 10, and 7, 15, we do this thing every day.
And then, yeah, what was to me is just, I just have to be something that you can, you know,
promote ahead of time, like coming up at blah, blah, blah,
and it's pretty great.
The blah, blah, blah.
By or not by the feature of the segment, it's got to have a name.
Hooker or not hooker, right?
Hooker or not hooker.
Yes.
So I went on the square table.
I got this guy.
I think I'm pretty sure his name was Russ, because you know, until you get in there,
I'm sitting here tripping my thumbs and enjoying the dough.
Enjoying.
Wanting to kill myself.
Why do you say enjoying that show?
Why do you say that?
Huh?
That gay or not gay thing.
I mean, you should be able to weigh it on that.
Yeah, I could lay it on that.
I like to lay into this.
You should have a permanent seat at the all table.
Oh, why don't they do a segment called Black or not Black or Jew or not?
What a great idea.
And you can have people talk about people like Barack Obama in the morning.
Right?
Black or not Black.
And you'll, what is Shemaria?
Carrie?
Yeah, right.
Philhunter did it already, but hey.
So anyway, we get to the square table.
And here's one of the contestants on the phone.
And they, the one of the questions, one of the 85 questions besides who's got the best ass and who's got the longest or whatever.
The question was, if you had a chance to meet any president living or dead, who would it be?
So immediately came to my mind was FDR Roosevelt.
I would think he would be really, although I would want to inhale all the cigarette smoke.
You see all those pictures of him with the cigarette holder?
Sure.
Looking like the penguin.
Do the Russians still do that?
Oh, there's the phone.
It must be that the whole timey thing like, you know, from the 20s or whatever, the cigarette holder.
But nobody does it anymore.
Yeah, I don't know what the Russians, they, I know they hold their cigarettes backwards.
Now what was the purpose of that?
Was that supposed to be like an extra filter?
So you think it is big of a tumor in your lungs?
Or what was the deal with that?
Well, in those days, if I'm not mistaken, they didn't have filters.
No, they're not.
So we need to keep the tobacco from coming out, you know, from getting in your room.
So you put a holder there so you weren't spitting tobacco out, tobacco pieces.
Oh, that's classy.
Yeah, it went pretty fast.
So anyway, FDR would have been my choice because I thought he was really fascinating.
You know, of all the presidents, I would have liked to admit him.
So anybody this guy, he answers the question by saying, Jerry Ford.
And I'm thinking to myself, I mean, of all the dumb presidents,
aside from the current water courses, they're more than a box of sawdust, but aside from him,
the dumbest man on the face of the earth, he may be the dumbest person ever to go into the White House
up to a present tenant.
Well, maybe Jerry didn't want to ask him any questions, maybe just wanted to talk.
And then he goes out about the reason being that, well, you know, we just died,
and you got a bum wrapped during his life, and of course, Kenny's agreeing with this,
because Kenny will agree with anything McCullough say, no matter how outrageous and ridiculous
and big of a nasty and stupid it might be, especially if it has to do with sports.
And the caller is going out about, well, you know, he was a great athlete at Michigan,
and blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, he was never that, he was in Congress for 25 years from Michigan.
See, it's easy for people who don't know their history or didn't live through it like I did
to talk about Jerry Ford and how brilliant he, or how much they'd like to meet him, not brilliant.
They just want to meet him.
I mean, they'd be like meeting a brick wall, you know, like talking to a fire hydrant,
like squatting on it.
I mean, what is that, Jerry Ford?
And then of course, the host's way in about, well, you know, and Kimba,
Kimba of course, being the ex-shock, that he was, oh yeah, he was all America.
That's why I'd like to meet him because he once wore a jockstrat.
The sports fraternity are a bunch of lunatics, and we're like drowning in the middle of it.
We're like drowning in a sea of sports manure.
You know what I'm saying?
Sports minutia and sports manure.
Oh my god, it just, it drives me up the wall.
I mean, can you imagine anybody wanting to meet Jerry Ford?
I guess he might still be at least a little bit warm, not too much for me.
I'll put him in the microwave.
Yeah.
We got $7.87 on today's pool.
That's good.
All over it's pretty a lot of sighted.
Or is that lot of sighted?
Pretty a one-sided.
Well, we'll get to that momentarily.
Got the schedule all underway.
We got everything cooking except the damn phones, man.
Now, what about your thing?
You can't even punch up a dial tone yet.
We'll fix it for the break.
Yeah, get smacked a little bit during the break.
Real Rogers.
Ah!
On the next 24, Jack Baller takes a much needed rest after saving the world all by himself every stick in week.
But who will protect this from the dangerous cartoons?
Well, it's none other than the mayor of Boston himself.
Tell them the meaner.
And it all started with Boston Black and I were on the trailer alien cartoons.
I think this is an actual alien footprint.
Well, I know it.
They came here to terrorize my city.
We are moonenites from the inner core of the moon.
You're not gonna terrorize my city.
You're moody, a harem, moody, or whatever you are.
I am ignitant, I do not like you walk the mind of my children.
I'm personally not on the street such things.
You will be destroyed.
Don't you think I know that?
You're going down.
Explosion will be of extraordinary magnitude.
Well, uh, uh, uh, irregardless.
You made my paranoia cost the city of Boston millions of dollars and justice will prevail.
On the moon?
Merges get their pants pulled down and they are spanked with murats.
Hey, uh, that guy over there, little eater, you're terrible.
Well, I am Audi 5000.
Ciao.
Okay, 1018 at 560 WDQIM.
So I'm on a great mood.
Everything is wonderful.
Chris and Josh are saying the show is smoking lately and we're kicking ass and but a meat put it up.
And to that in 40 cents of getting about a third of a cup of coffee.
Because the phone doesn't work.
And we've only got three dropouts on the internet streaming so far.
It's 1018.
That's not too bad, I guess, huh?
La la la.
For us.
Oh, don't tell me you're eating how is again.
Yeah, just finished.
Not group of fingers.
Groper fingers?
No, I had to make the order to this time.
I every now and then would like to have groper fingers, you know what I mean?
Every once in a while I totally liked that.
There I was seeing you.
I thought you had a head of them.
Reach back and grope.
Oh, that's bad.
As I get older, I'm starting to have more thoughts like that.
In fact, I'm trying to think where I was the other day.
Maybe it was at the airport.
And I actually, I'm not saying I came close to doing something like that but in other words,
the thought was more real in my mind.
You don't want to say anything?
I mean, one of these days they're going to take my ass away is what I'm trying to tell you
because it's just not good.
Just because you see somebody that looks really, really, really, really, and a good joy of the day.
Yeah, well, it was at the airport.
Mm-hmm.
Nice word to you, man.
I just want to reach out and like the opponent says, reach out and touch someone.
I'm trying to go.
But anyway, because when I first came up here, I started, there's this, some sensational cigar shops around.
Of course, here you can buy the Cuban, the real Cuban cigars, whatever you want.
Because they're not like all uptight, like America about anything from Cuba.
Oh, it's Cuba! Cuba! Cuba! Cuba!
Oh, I crap. They're not all uptight about anything.
But at any rate, so that was, and then I realized that it was making my blood pressure go up
and my throat just tears up my throat.
And you know how the two minor strokes that I had?
I don't want my friend Derek to feel bad about this, but both those strokes came about after smoking.
You know, I told you one time he used to bring me those tins of those little cigarettes.
I mean, cigars that are like the black cigarettes, but they're like an attin, what do they call that brand?
I forget the brand of them.
They're really good, too.
Whiffs.
They're kind of like that.
A little whiff.
Yeah.
But at any rate, and then both of my TIAs came on the heels of smoking a bunch of those. It's a track.
Huh.
Don't feel bad about Derek.
Okay, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, no fat rich.
Meal, 31.
I should have, that should have been right up there with sex.
How about a great meal and then some sex and then some more meals and then maybe a little bit more sex?
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not.
Meal while you're having sex.
Yeah, like I said on your last day, might as well.
I mean, no sense holding anything back for like the future.
833 votes on the pool.
I won't for vote.
This is, this could be one of the most lopsided polls we've ever had in our lives.
Oh, there's a swearing ceremony for John Negro Ponte.
Secretary.
There's Condom Lisa, boy, she makes me, I see that gap in her teeth and I look at her and I just want to scream.
Anyway, I won't vote for presidential candidate who is.
I remember the Bush family, 571, almost 70%.
So there you go, jefster.
You fat ass ex-governor jackass.
In fact, I like our new gay, governor even better than, of course I'd like anybody better than fat ass Jeb.
I remember the Bush family, 577.
I have no prejudices against anybody who runs 74.
Right.
See, that's our audience, man.
Totally un-pregidious, we believe you.
Not a black 28.
That's good for Barack Obama.
Oh, no, wait a minute.
I won't vote.
That's not good.
A black 28.
Well, that's only 3%.
A Republican 25.
I hate this poll 25 only 2.9%.
It's a good poll.
And by the way, Charlie B., thank you for setting another 400 polls last couple days.
He's a busy beaver, man.
He's out of control with the poll.
A Jew 24, like Jew Lieberman, no chance.
Feth.
A woman 22, gay 19.
Mormon 17, obese 9.
No fat, no more fat presidents.
Like the kid in England that they keep showing on the news that weighs 7,000 pounds.
And they keep showing them shoveling that fried chicken down his mouth.
Oh, obese 9, Hispanic only 9.
And atheist 6, a smoker 5, a past drug user 3, and physically disabled nun.
So FDR feels pretty good about that.
David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
Go, go, go, go.
Are we sure there's that mole, don't we?
Where is the vote?
My don't get no problem.
Oh shit.
That's when you go.
Do it, do it.
Do it.
I got to try it for a sec.
And then you just open the box, and eats it.
And how can one-ape-one do it?
He's covered in any candy.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Hoe is doing good to him?
He's doing good to him.
I can do können overlook it.
Hoots of hoots of hoots in hospital.
Hoots of hoots of hoots of hoots.
You can't.
That's what you go to enjoy.
That's what you want the other kids are meant to.
Oh, no, no, no.
Wow!
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
1046 at 560 W and 3.
I'm so at SPF, James.
So Brandon tells me.
You thanks Brandon and cut the crap.
But anyway, SPF Changs is right there at the main entrance to the gallery.
Right there, Capitol Reels on one side of the entrance door.
And on the other side of the SPF Changs, a huge place that looks really into the gallery.
Right there, Capitol Reels on one side of the entrance door.
And on the other side of the SPF Changs, a huge place that looks really interesting, you know.
I, well maybe somebody will tell me about it.
If it's a really good place, you ever hear of it?
I've heard of it.
And it goes to the show where tremendous memory I've got.
Even at my advanced age, it's already Tuesday.
And I stood there and saw it on Saturday.
So I'll see you Sunday, Monday, three days later, and he still remembers it.
I feel like that.
Why?
What?
You know what I'm saying?
The universe I've heard of it?
Oh, yeah, I've heard of it.
And?
And nothing.
Well, I'm sure we'll get many, many calls about PF Changs.
Tell us what a wonderful place.
I love Changs either.
What about you?
It is a good place?
Yeah.
What you have been, is it a chain, I guess?
Yes.
Now, where is the one by you?
Because you obviously have not been in the whole room.
There's one in the fall shopping center.
On the falls.
That's also one in Vegas.
There's a PF Changs in Vegas?
Well, I thought in Vegas.
In the Aladen.
And what?
In the Aladdin.
Or in the Aladdin.
Oh, the New Aladdin, as opposed to the old Aladdin that they tore down.
The old Aladdin was one of the dumpiest places and that's why they tore it down.
She was one thing about Vegas, man.
When your place gets to be a dumpy, frumpy place, they just blow it up in a tear down.
They build a new one.
Let's see, breaking.
Miami come for the sun.
Get beat down by police.
Oh, look at this.
Here's this from from iMeNights.com.
On the Miami Nights blog yesterday.
Somebody faxed this in.
Wow.
It says we've got plenty of reasons to visit Miami.
The sun's shining.
The beaches.
The more...what is that?
The mojitos?
Mojitos.
But it's not spelled right.
That's not how you would pronounce it.
This is M-O-J-O-I-T-O-S.
There's an extra...oh, there's an extra...oh!
And there I think.
The mojitos, the bikinis, are left there of...
Harry Euros and Speedos.
Ooh!
Harry Euros.
I'm not into Harry people.
I'm sorry.
I'll give you Harry guys out there.
You're safe.
Not into Harry.
And the list goes on and on.
But there's one thing that makes Miami stand out.
And the one thing that all Miami residents know makes us...
No more Ouno in this great country.
Our raging corrupt Miami police department, it says.
The other page here.
With great pride, Miami and Brave, the mean streets of this great city.
Knowing each day they can get shocked by a cop and have a gun planted at their corpse.
A rest of the red light have a dirty cop...
Find a bag of coconut pockets.
Or just plain old...just plain old beat the Schmidt audio for taking pictures.
And that's what happened in Miami photographer, Raging Miami,
last week while photographing MPD on Biscayne Boulevard.
It says, I ended up spending 16 hours in the day County J.L.A.
Red Infested Institution that is more like...
Abu Garh, Redb, an American grade.
If you've ever spent any time in DCJ, you know that it's hell on Earth.
Abu Garh, Redb, seems like a very reasonable parallel to compare it to.
I spent 10 plus hours in DCJ last year and believe you me,
never want to be in that disease-infested crack house ever it says.
That was the least of...rag...what is it?
Raging in Miami's worries, though, as the story goes,
he approached five Miami police officers that were surrounding a lone man on Biscayne.
The officers told him, the keep walking is this was a private matter.
Is any good American with a camera nose when an officer tells you it's a private matter on a public street,
you know Dan Wather gonna do something wrong.
When Raging in Miami refused to keep walking, stating he was on a public street and well within his first amendment rights,
the five officers surrounded him and beat the beat down for soon.
Like a paintout of the right to keep beating the L.A. in L.A.
The innocent photographer was slammed against the pavement,
even though I offered no resistance, causing me deep abrasion in my right knee.
One officer grabbed me by the back of the head and repeatedly bashed my forehead against the side,
while causing abrasion and sludging the right side of my forehead.
Another officer grabbed my right hand and bent it backward at a 90 degree angle,
causing me to scream out in pain and continue to do so even after the handcuffs were placed on me,
is I verbally protested, one officer threatened me with a taser gun if I didn't stop talking.
Shut up! Hello, it's the American man.
It says anyone remember the FTAA protest in 03?
We certainly do it since I do I was there.
I can remember vividly a woman in a business suit standing in the road with a single sign in her hand,
and the cops unloading must have been 50 plus paintballs filled with tear gas,
and watching her crumble to the floor in agony and screams.
Or that same day, Carrom and Carl Kescher being shot on the face with a beanbag,
while filming Miami-Dade police's technique protest.
So it's no surprise that ranging in Miami, raging or whatever's name was,
was brutalized by our fine-man in uniform crossed out,
many rights corrupt men in blue.
I'm hoping this happens to be our site photographer, James Sanders,
what a break for Miami-Nights, it would be.
I can imagine the headline, local website, Miami-Nights photographer brutally beaten by
Miami Police for snapping pictures.
But all joking aside, it says this is not something new in Miami,
police abused their power here on a regular basis with no checks in sight.
Maybe it's because the citizenry doesn't stand up and protest the broad powers,
our city officials give these pigs,
do we need more examples of police brutality?
Before we demand to be held accountable to the same laws that we abide by,
the MPD, Miami Police Department has been on far too long a leash for far too many years, it says.
It's high time we shortened it, reminded them that they serve us,
not their self-interest and lust for power.
We'll keep you updated as this story progresses as this sub-blog,
mimeyknights.com.
How do you like that? I can't believe that. Can you and Miami?
I've got police doing all that hanky spanky. I can't even believe it.
But in any rate, it's part of the course.
And you think the public's going to rise up in protest?
Right, sure they are.
Here's the poll. It says I won't vote for presidential candidate who is.
We've got 918 votes.
There's Rob Marciano looking pretty good.
Take some clothes off, Rob. Let's see what you got.
Take your jacket and shirt off, anyway.
Wouldn't that be good?
What about the naked other people?
Just watch it.
You're going to start with that like the morning show,
kind of filth now that you're going to do, huh?
No, it's big and bold and clear.
What is Rob Marciano?
Do you say big and bold and clear?
Is that what you said?
Yeah. I said, you vote?
920 votes. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who is.
I remember the Bush family's got two thirds,
615 votes.
So if Jeffster, this crowd says, bye-bye, no chance.
Like John McLaughlin on McLaughlin report.
Bye-bye.
I got to play that. I got to play that again.
I might just have to do it.
One vote for presidential candidate, well,
here's one says I have no prejudice against anyone who runs 77.
Well, thank God for all your open-minded people out there.
We just love you, even the most of your alliers.
There might be a few.
A Republican 40, a black 32.
I hate this poll 27.
I mean, I just have to be a real black or can it be like a make-believe black,
like a Barack Obama, like that?
The other blacks that don't make the distinction.
Oh.
I hate this poll 27 only 2.9%.
One vote for a candidate who's a woman 27 bad news for you, swillery.
A Jew 26, gay 21.
I thought you'd ever know.
A Mormon 19, a Hispanic 11, obese 9.
No fat president.
We want him to be good athletes like Jerry Ford.
I still can't get over the stupidity of the the jot crowd.
I mean, what would you expect them to be intelligent, thoughtful, insightful,
morons most of them?
I mean, I would like to meet Jerry Ford because he was given a bum rap and he was a great
all-American athlete at Michigan.
Dumber than a toad.
Anyway, Hispanic 11, obese 9, atheist 8.
God forbid.
Smokeer 5, a past drug user 3, and physically disabled so far has got the big nest
because they remember FDR.
Not.
If you were going to ask into daylight and mall right now,
and you found anybody that spoke English, which is unlikely,
although you could do it in Esponial because you speak about 10 words still.
You went in there and said, you know, KSFDR.
Look, you could go to the most Anglo-Mollentown.
You could go to the nearest high school.
Yeah, all right.
You could go to the nearest high school.
And ask the senior class in high school, who was FDR?
You could go to anywhere in America.
And they could go to the nearest high school.
And they would be like, look, are you right in the eye and go, huh?
Like that.
Right.
They only elected him four times, you idiots, you maniacs.
That's what I'd like to mean.
Well, the cigarette holder.
When he was a arm spring.
And I'd like to know how a guy who was in a wheelchair, you know,
see, I'm not really sure I know that I want to get personal.
There's a movie.
It wasn't bad about NCR starring Kenneth Brown, I think.
And it wasn't a bad movie.
And it's all about how he dealt with the polio.
Various issues, yes.
Right.
They ordinarily didn't photograph him in the wheelchair.
He was always behind a podium or something, etc.
And not that you can keep that a secret, but they didn't.
They just try to keep it like a subliminal thing.
That was in the back of people's minds.
Not that the president's a gimp or something like that.
Nothing that made any difference.
You understand.
What?
924 votes.
Yeah, what kind of crap did they teach in history nowadays, you know?
America is good.
And it always has been here.
And the French never helped us defeat the British.
And conservativeism is good.
And that's it.
Right.
And Clinton was a poor, mongering piece of turd, right?
Stuff like that.
Yeah.
I'm not too crazy about that.
I call him.
I read yesterday by Doug Thompson, where I ripped.
I don't mind him ripping Hillary.
That's why I read it.
But he was ripping Bubba a lot.
And you know, he deserves some of that.
But I think you know, you read more than one column, criticizing Bubba.
But he wasn't everything we thought he was.
No, he was not everything we hoped he was.
And especially when he started consulting with the elder Bush, that's when I started getting a little bit sour, you know?
When those two became really good month-butt buddies.
Oh, not good.
Well, he's got to hang out with somebody.
I mean, Swallow, she's got her own issues, you know?
Oh, he's got plenty of people to hang out with.
Yeah, I'm sure he does.
Even at this point, maybe that's why I needed that heart, whatever that operation he had.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Heart.
I see.
Oh, okay.
926 on the pool by 1130 will have a thousand lictors.
They're about to man what more could you like?
We got Eddie K for the man dog.
Man dog will be back Thursday, by the way.
Just in time for that big anniversary show.
Man, we got some plans.
There's going to be balloons and party favors.
And nothing like the 30th anniversary last year.
Do you think we're going to get like a card from them or something?
30 years on the year.
When do you think that would be like a major milestone?
Well, that was last year.
I know that's what I'm talking about last year.
I think we've got a card from them from the radio station saying, hey, congratulations.
I mean, I understand it's, you know, it's 1200 miles away and I'm sitting here in my underwear
and I'm looking out and it's freezing out there and whatever.
And there's a little snow on the ground.
But nevertheless, they could have sent you an eat card.
That's right.
That would have been nice.
Say, happy, happy anniversary to you.
You old, bag bastard or whatever.
You don't have to be pleasant.
I'm the hallmark reading card guy with all the mushy stuff.
They could have written me some hostile nasty thing.
Happy bastard, you old queen, you silly old, emotional queen, whatever like that, you know.
What are you doing with that?
I was sending you with Chip and Del, congratulations, grandma, whatever.
You know, once I'm going to tell you this story and I think George was there.
I'm not sure if I was.
Yes, I was.
I was embarrassed by you with you.
I'm going to tell you this story after the break of one of my anniversaries.
It was at a birthday anniversary.
It makes no difference at IOD.
You want to humiliate and degrade somebody.
They knew how to do it.
Who is this?
This is your brain.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Any questions?
You are sad for naked man in the shower soul.
For a bounder, for a bound,
standing at my door.
Oh
We're straight guys
Up all the time without men to play games
Can't beat the eyes of hide behind existing
They're not gay
Yeah
You got to hide your heart away
Yeah
Yeah
You got to hide your heart away
Tell we'll start an ugly battle
Is that straight?
Game over by
Men who fall apart but men
Is a sport for sake of my young
Yeah
No girls here just for whole clear
Having fun with the boys
In the locker room I hear
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy
You're going to hide your heart away
Oh
Yeah
You got to hide your heart away
Oh
Well, you know what they say it's all those gay sports writers
Other ones have made a big story about that's right
Seriously if you want to hear something the most stupid commentary in the history of mankind
It's the Kenny and Vaughan morning show morning 7-10 exclusively on QA
You're going to hand that to a man they come up with some of the most bizarre craft
So I'm getting back to the story at IOD
Since this is this big you know I mean to me it is the audience is never really thought that these adversaries were big deal
You know to me it is
It's well it's like you say when I when you hear the when you hear the audio from city pulse news
I'm coming through and you know I'm here every morning that then itself is a miracle
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
So anyways even my birthday was November 5th by the way for those who want to send cash gifts
Um
It was either birthday or anniversary show on IOD
And
You know you guys get this done of them all the time
All the time and it's always tacky it's always tasteless and then this was one day all time worst ever
So what do they do who was behind that do you remember I want to say it was Steve Nichol
Oh
Brother so they they hire a male stripper a young guy to come in no it wasn't a young guy
Who wasn't it looked like Alan Arkin or maybe his dad no no it was the young guy
But who a bad looking young guy very nasty looking I wouldn't have done him with your tongue no body
And you know yeah here he is did you mention arms elbows I would have touched him with with a 10-foot pull with a baseball bat
I would like to I would like to touch with a baseball bat whoever was behind it yeah
Yeah and so they bring a man and they're playing the music and it's one of these deals
Oh they made me by the way they made me play the music I didn't want to
What was the music they made me play some danceable music they gave me a carton said here play this play
He comes in and I'm sitting there a captive audience in my chair behind a microphone and now he's dancing
Of course he's dressed like in a almost naked in like a bikini or whatever I'm not right with a speedo
Well whatever he was where oh and I mean such a he may run Jeremy look like Brady Quinn
Okay that's that's how nasty looking this creature was I mean at least it'd have been good looking
It would have been a little bit erotic pleasure there's something you know
But oh my god and my face must have turned as red as Joe Bell's ass I mean just like Sandy Claus
Yeah for Remus it did it did it did it it's embarrassing
It's humiliating don't do that to people and you know see when you when you do something like his a gift or somebody
It's supposed to be something nice something they'll enjoy right there you go now that's the music right today
I think it's something it's something like that something all of these learning
Oh I was ready to change my name to Mordeky because it sounds like Mordafy then because that's what I was
I was so mortified I wanted to crawl into the desk and just hide you know and you know there's nothing you can do
There's nowhere to go and he smelled bad you know he had the worst bio you know oh man
Oh all these people were in the control room yeah and they're watching
Yeah look at that and I'm looking at you and I'm thinking
I'm thinking they can nasty a piece of crap there
I'm thinking are they seeing the same thing that I'm seeing that guy is obviously gross
And Neil is obviously embarrassed and disgusted and wishes he weren't here right now
And everybody in the control
Now I will say this if he'd have been really hot looking I might have surprised the hell out of them you know I'm saying I might have taught them a lesson they would never forget
Yeah he'd have been in fact if he'd have been like you know my friend from Berlin from my summer from the World Cup week I would have done him right there in the studio
And then they would fear me you know I'm saying they would all my god what's going on in here
Somebody else would have had to hit that next break
What is it? I would have left you would have left what if I oh yeah well what do you think they would have all done
That's good because we wanted to be the lone anyway see that that's my idea of a pleasant surprise
Yeah I would have drawn the blinds and gotten the hell out of it
Although it's kind of hard to talk with well let's be side the point
Right but anyway I didn't say that when you stop what Jesus Christ you had lunch there too
Yeah that's true also anyway Brandon sends me the P.F. Chains menu it looks really really good
950 votes I guess for one of my special lunches that's going to have to be especially since some of us already know how to get there we got pretty good practice
And it's like you walk with just a few feet on the other side of the entrance
Look pretty good P.F. Chains and the menu looks really excellent
Maybe somebody who wants a fair will send us a little something or call in do we get any calls?
No no I can't take any because and let's see how many we only got 26 dropouts
That means we only had one more in the last 40 minutes or whatever it's been not too bad
And there's George just showing you we can still punch up a collar too down there
Anybody ever a p.f. Chains in the Galaria give us a little bit of report would you please
I haven't even gotten into my pool into my pile yet
That's already 11 await that's a good sign
Because on the week when you're supposed to have your anniversary show
At least they're not going to be all goosey about it I know 31st anniversary
What kind of a number is that? What's the big deal you want us to get all excited about that?
Yeah call us back when it gets to be 40 and then maybe we'll do something for you
Let's see 40 would be nine more years
Oh can you imagine me doing this until I was like 73?
Sure
Hey we have a call
No take it online night
I can't wait for it
Yeah like I said
You said lie 9 I was just about to say I don't do that
There's another one who was going to be
Well just just punch him up at random, who I am
Hello
Yes
I just want to ask you just give it 30 in your
Yes or what?
Chris David saying you're up
Your favorite thing in Europe
Oh the favorite thing in Europe that was last summer was the favorite thing
But anyway what do you mean by favorite favorite thing?
Favorite city
Oh city
My favorite city is Berlin
Berlin, oh I was like there last year for the World Cup Show
And?
And what did?
Well good I bet you didn't have as good a time as I did though
No I did it but I love it
That's really hard
Okay thanks
Thank you
Well see she was very nice
She knew her phone she needed some real helpful that phone
Yeah was it just me or?
Huh?
No it was a bad phone but we'll take it
It sounded like that phone was in the bottom of a tank
I thought she said what's your favorite thing in Berlin?
I couldn't say it on the year but it had something to do with last summer though
That was my favorite
Oh
Now there's a story I'm not going to tell on the year but nevertheless
Woo
See you got me started with that
Yeah
The whole thing about the birth date
No you just you shouldn't do that
I mean guys do that with other guys they bring strippers in and they embarrass the hot
I mean the strippers get like almost naked
And they're doing like a lap dance and a hold it
Yeah and the guy's like oh jeez you know
I don't want an audience for this
And especially with this nasty smelly bitch you know
I mean is it ever anybody really attractive?
Is it anybody hot that ever shows up at these things?
I kind of doubt it
I'm trying to think
I can't think
But you sound like much right now
I can't recall ever being somewhere where somebody sent somebody a stripper and she was actually good looking
Yeah that's what I'm saying
I think it's how to think
Yeah I do see yeah see
CC Senior
960 votes on the pool by the bottom of the hour
Gonna be like right on the verge of a thousand
Chris is right man we're kicking some big fat smelly ass
For quite a while now and that's because I'm in a very chipper mood
Life has certainly treated me well of late
And for a long time as a matter of fact
With the exception of that one experience that we lived through
Now you were telling me this morning about that day
I don't want to rehash it again
The day that I was so emotionally distraught that I came in in the morning
And like told you you're gonna have to work today
That was very sad
Yeah was that honest
It was true
It was that I had that new disease called Jacobitis
I was like a mental having a verge of a mental breakdown
And I looked out there on my patio and I thought
Well it would be so easy to like kind of slide out there
You know and put one leg over the balcony
I'm not a pro so stupid on the way down
Yeah see that's one thing about that form of suicide
It's not really too good because you get halfway down
You think like maybe I'm gonna change my mind
Too late can't change your mind
This is that's the quick you know if you're gonna do it
Not a good idea not to just see anybody out there blow their brains out
Unless they're in politics but nevertheless that's a good way
And like poison is not good you know people that take like arsenic without the old lace
Yeah
I'm a hanging thing I don't know how guys do that
Well what was that movie wasn't that an American no
What was that I can't think of the name of that movie for crying out loud
Describe it how the hum of you bars
No no the one we were talking about the other day
With James Vanderbick
Oh
Yeah
That was James name I love that movie
Oh come on you know what I do
Yeah
It'll come to me
It's got a very unusual name
But anyway didn't he try to hang himself in there and then of course all these you know teenage movies they try to hang themselves in it
And the thing comes flopping out of the ceiling and he falls on his ass etc.
And I like that
Right what was the name of that flick?
Come on it'll come to me
Am I gonna have to go in the other room and check it out during the break that would be bad
Chris is Google it
Oh James Vander geek was in it
And ordinarily I cannot stand him
There's just something about him that really bugs me he's one of those actors that doesn't
Oh what was that show he was on on TV
Dawson's Creek
Dawson's Creek I never watched it
I got a crick in my neck when I tried to watch that and I turned it off right away I started a creek
I watched him leave slew the Montreal last night I was not a pleasant experience
What is it called?
What's the name of the rules of attraction?
Yes
Yeah that's it
Oh it couldn't possibly be that
I'm a pop little boy
Jesus Christ
Oh I am talking to him
That's what they say
John Cruz will be
He'll tell you that you'll live in winter water to wine
John Bono was countermanent
He'll reply
Make more longs and fishes
Where they're on any lift
Are these things on miracles or special effects?
Jesus Christ
The Scientology
That's what they say
Tom Cruise will be
Jesus Christ
The Scientology
Or give yourself a mission in Popsicle 3
Jesus Christ
The Scientology
Hell never gave numerous finaly
He's Tom Cruise
Jesus Christ
Say it aloud
It doesn't sound right
The parallel to Jesus Christ
I think a lot of you people ought to apology to the entire Christ family when you come right down to it
984 votes on a poll
What did I tell you about the bond of the hour thousand votes?
Wow, wow wow
And Earl thank you so much
See asking you shall receive
Even though I can't take any calls, I can't put no calls on here
I can't see the phone board
I would like not connected
I would like to bring in if you care if you're interested
Listen I haven't even begun delving into my poll
I got a Keith Overman Rift's Condoleezza story
I got the Anglican Vase removed in sex case
I got a thing that Norma Kent sent me about
taking the debate about God online and battling it out with videos about you
Sheesh!
It's pretty interesting, amazingly enough
Earl says the Mongolian beef at P.F. Chang is the best
I'm starting to get really hungry for a chinks right now because of this
Yeah, you got plenty of Toronto I heard
Yes we do
It says quality cooked steaks with scallions and garlic
I'm talking about the food, not about the people
We got plenty of them, we got 400,000 Chinese people here
You're not impressed?
400,000?
Yeah, well, they're all going to jump it up and have it
I think probably more Chinese people in my building than there are in the entire South Florida area
That's kind of a strange thing you know
All that crap about multi-cultural city and all other garbage
There's nothing multicultural about South Florida
You got a lot of folios and anglos and dark folks
And that's it!
That is it!
We got Jews
Jews aren't anglos now
I don't know
Is that what Jews say there?
Yes
Oh 18 children of Kilburn and bombing in the soccer field in Iraq
In Ramadi
Well, things are going swimmingly well over there
There are just thousands and thousands, maybe a million dead people
And the thing with the American public is
Well, what's the real story?
And Nicole's body, who's going to get control
Abandoned Nicole
And who's going to dig the hole?
You know
I guess it sounds to me like a lot of people dug it
MSNBC's Keith Oldman delivered one of his special comments
On remarks that Secretary of State
Condom Leeser Rice made during an interview on Fox News Sunday
Where she compared Sodom who's saying to wait off Hitler
On the Sunday morning interview show of
A broken record on Fox, says the Keith
Dr. Rice spoke a paragraph
Which if it may include in a remedial history paper
At the weakest high school in the nation
Would have gotten the writer in F, maybe an expulsion, he said
If Congress were not a revised Iraq authorization
She said out loud with an adult present
It would be like saying that
Adolf Hitler was overthrown
We needed to change the resolution that allowed the U.S. to do that
So that we could deal with creating a stable environment
And Europe had to be overthrown
Overman added the Secretary's resume reads that she has a master's degree
And a PhD in Political Science
The interviewer should have demanded to see them on the spot
Dr. Rice spoke 42 words
She may have made more mistakes in those 42 words than did the present in the state of union in Dresden 2003
There is obviously no mistake in Sodom who's saying for a human being
But nor is there any mistake in him for Adolf Hitler over and went on
And in Vokin the German dictator who's subjugated to Europe
Who tried to exterminate the Jews
Who sought to overtake the world
Is not just in the poorest of taste
But it's in hyperbally
It insults the number of the victims of the Third Reich
But those in this country who fought and defeated it
Overman argues that you can't cherry pick life
Where the life in 2007
Or life in the history page marked 1945
And that rice should at least learn to use the Google
Where the Google is honey
And yes, let's go and keep
He's the best and how come you people are watching him every night
Sometimes I forget
Well, I was on the phone last night getting a lecture
But it beat for the moop
But I'm so sick and tired of being lectured
But people that don't have any idea
I'm tired of it
You better pay attention to this, there's going to be a test later
No
988 votes on the pool
But we can get to it
We got 8 minutes to get another 12 votes on there
How many we need?
6 votes
In 8 minutes, we can't do that, we're signing off
Only 26 dropouts on the screaming as screaming screaming
Here's another fact about PF Changs
Thank you people very much
Michela, she's a sweetheart
One of our regulars
She says I have eaten a PF Changs
But the one that I've been cheering on is the Montgolian beef
That's what the other fact is, she said
Also for dessert, stay away from the great wall of chocolate
Because it'll send you rock squatting
Uh oh
Wow
What's she trying to say?
I don't want to do that
The great wall of chocolate, I don't think that's right up my alley so to speak
I don't think that's uh
Didn't have no dessert at the Capitol Grill the other day
And of course, who needs dessert when you have a meal like that?
That's right
I mean if I wait about 120 pounds
You should be very pleased, tomorrow I'm going to get to my new low
Because I was 184 again today
I had to slip back up to 186
And then back 185 and this morning 184
And tomorrow I'm going to be
Because I'm going to be on my best behavior
So there's a PF Changs in Aventura
North Miami Beach, whatever
Well whatever, uh, it sounds to me like it's pretty good
Montgolian beef
I just don't have to be a Montgolian idiot to injure the Montgolian beef at PF Changs
994 and a full, I bet if I click it
You watch, you watch this Mr. Hotshot
You'll see, like magic
I clicked it and it's 998
It's pretty good
A priest has been stripped of his clerical credentials for having an appropriate
relationship with a dull female church
Oh, are they a church of that?
A female? They hate that in the church
I know, if it would have been a male, it would have been much anger
It would have been a medal for pre-vecation
The Reverend Samuel C. Pasco, a senior rector
of Grey Church, this is an orange park
Was stripped of his ministerial license by the Anglican Bishop
And removed from his position as a result of a relationship
Said the congregation, senior warden, David Nelson
I wonder if he's can do, uh, uh, Azic
In fact, wasn't Ricky Nelson's brother named David, right?
Uh, take your word for it
You mean to tell me that you don't know
I don't know what's in here, no
I know from Ozzy and Harriet, I know with it
They have to son, I never watched it
David, David, David was the odd, uh, with the poor television, was invented, wasn't it?
No, it was not
Ozzy and Harriet, man, you better get with it
Ozzy, we don't know what he did for a work
Back in those days, the sitcoms, back in the 15th-
I sold him
Granny went away the morning and, uh, and, uh, and other than life or ravioli
I think he would, and uh, stuff like that, he worked in a factory, whatever
But other than that, we never knew what, uh, daddy did for a living
What anybody did for a living, nobody really worked
It's kind of like this audience, nobody really works
They show up at work and they get a paycheck
But nobody really does much work
Past go to climb the comment to the AP when reached by telephone at his home
A telephone message elected the church was not immediately returned
Parish officials don't know the identity of the female parishioner or when the relationship took place
Nelson told the Jacksonville's Florida Times Union for a days' edition
Other details including the extent of the relationship were not given
And where he put it and what she did with it and, uh, whatever
The congregation will be run by, it's to associate rectors until Pasco's permanent replacement in the Thome Nelson said
It's a peaceful, uh, a painful thing that's taken place, he said
And it's difficult for Sam, given the comments, he's made on issues of sexual morality
Well, not another one that was good, he too sure, was this point to figure it out, everybody else, like Ruffin said
About sexual morality, all that faggot's, and about all these, uh, adulterers, and all these people rotten and burned in hell
And then he's dealing with some, a female?
Oh no, not good
2007 votes, coming in big chunks now, Chris is right man, we're on fire, we are absolutely...
BAMING!
Don't ask anybody in the building, no, because it's not a sports show, they know nothing
They have no respect for this show, even though Thursday I wouldn't be surprised if a whole bunch of people inside the building come by Thursday before the show
And say, hey, happy 31st anniversary meal, when you be surprised, can't wait to wait for it
Maybe Duff might say it, you know, Duff
You fairy
Let's see, here's one, fill in cruel springs, that's a good choice, but again it goes back to a bush
It says, I won't vote for candidate who is unable to pronounce the word nuclear, in other words, illiterate
But you know, if we put illiterate, well, might seven, seven of the bush votes away anyhow, be another place for those people to roost
The member of the bush family, it'll give him somewhere else to go, you want to put that on there, illiterate?
Oh well, I thought we were putting an unable to pronounce the word nuclear
No, but we already put that on there, well, we're in the process, but that's not what I don't do, that's just for the illiterate
All right, you're picking on four W again, just because he's illiterate, and a dumbo and a mollon and a bill
Jimmy Conop said nuclear too, did he really?
Oh yeah, well, not, you know, second time around, I've made people vote for him either
Because he was against that great American stalwart right wing champion of fascism and an Nazism and religious bigotry, and that's Ronnie Raygod
Well, I don't teach you to vote for somebody else
That's right, and then of course he forgot all about it
Goodbye, I'm an occult, bad tasty holder, the leaders you want to, where'd you inside of me, I know a case
To lower your fat ass in the ground
Brackdom?
Yes, you can spend that money now
But you sure die trying to say how's that white trash diet that was gonna get you back to me
With whiskey and it better be
And I'm really surprised that you knew how to die because you were that dumb
You accomplished nothing and it became a media superstar
I would have asked you to break a 20-bit camp for more
And now that corporate media has something other to pitch
Outside of crazy pamper, wearing astronaut TV
By the way, speaking of the Gailaria, so while I was waiting inside, I meet my friend in there
And I'm looking around because I've been in there in a hundred years, there's a huge, and I have no idea what the name of it is
Pizza joint? Not like a pizza joint, but like a gourmet pizza place
Okay
And I don't know what it is, but boy, it sure looked pretty interesting
There's lots of food in the Gailaria
Well good
And like I said yesterday, a lot of living and breathing people
And you think, well, can I really be in Broward County where the average age is death plus 40?
I really can't believe this
So that must be where they jam all the young
You know, a lot of cities, they jam all the dark folks in one part of town, you know
And then they jam all the other kind of people
Well, they add all the red necks in the trailer parks
Yeah
I guess in Broward County, they jam all the young people over by the Gailaria
That's not a bad area
It's not a bad area
It's a sunrise bullet right there
Yeah
Yeah
Well, no, that's not a bad area once you get east of past
Well, whatever
Correct
Don't start getting to a whole thing like that now, okay, what constitutes a bad area?
What's a bad area?
Over by the beach mine, it's by the beach house
What?
Stuff
Yeah, stuff, right
Richard Marshdotler writes, now what is this from?
Where is this come from?
Looks like the New York Times to me, it looks like that kind of very constipated print
Oh yeah it is, it's New York Times
Norma sent me this
Taking the debate about God online and battling it out with videos
I wonder if they're talking about...
Deal, God
Because there is no other
There is only one
Like he said, like, Father Merrin said in the exorcist
There is only one
Remember that?
Yeah, I thought that was in Highlander
No
It was, I never saw Highlander so I couldn't have...
What are we talking about?
It's a joke, they say that in their test
So why is it a joke?
Because it's obviously not what you were talking about
Is he starting to like hyperventilate again Chris?
Maybe it's the aroma of a puttum and a coma
Yeah, that's beautiful
No, the good news is the flashbacks
The good news is the tariff smell is gone
The bad news is that the roofers must have been doing a pretty crappy job last night
Because I'll kind of waterpeed down
That's what we heard of the ceiling and into the building
Oh, just a mess because it rained like hell you know
And when it rains it has to have it like water is all around, you know
I know that's very strange
A religious battle is taking place on the internet with two very different groups
arguing over the existence of God
It began in December when Brian Fleming, a 40-year-old filmmaker and playwright
based in LA, started the Blast-Famile Challenge
asking people to post videos on you...
CHEW!
Denying the existence of God
In one video for example, a teenage girl says
I know that the Holy Spirit Jesus Christ God, the Flying Spaghetti Monster
Pink Unicorns, all of these made-up entities do not exist
How about the two fairy and Sandy Claus?
Those who participated at the Fleming site, Blast-Famile Challenge.com
Oh, I like that, Blast-Famile Challenge.com
Receive a free DVD of the documentary, The God Who Wasn't There
Oh, I got to get that!
Which Mr. Fleming wrote, directed and produced
Mr. Fleming, a former Evangelical Christian, turned atheist
said that DVDs cost him about 25 grand
Some are so far more than a thousand people have turned on their cameras to deny the existence of God
The Blast-Famile Challenge site advises people how to post their videos on you...
CHEW!
No, no, you...
CHEW!
That's the sports, that's the sports video
You should...
You should...
You should...
And how to post their videos on YouTube site.
The Fleming site...
So offset Mike Mickey, a 43-year-old police officer from Christianburg, Virginia
And Steve Buchanan, a 34-year-old carpenter from Henderson, Kentucky
That they began Challenge Blast for me with their own website, challengeblastfamile.com
They were asking Christians to praise the Lord with their own videos on you
CHEW!
Or you...
You fair...
You fair...
In one of their videos, another teenage girl says,
I'm making this video to tell people that I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ
He saved me from my sins when I was eight years old
And I know that he is the living God
Referring to those who have denied the existence of God, Mr. Mickey a Baptist said,
I pray for their soul salvation
And until repent for what they've done
Repent all you sinners out there, repent from...
Get bent!
Because it's length!
And what I meant
In addition to a police job, Mr. Mickey the married father of three is also the Webmaster
For rapturealert.com, a website sounding to alert that Jesus Christ is coming soon
Oh!
I can have a line for that, but of course that will be the end of us.
Just keep moving.
M.O.E. henchewitz, Hanochewitz, a 18-year-old who denied God with a rice file in her video,
is among those who find the videos an interesting way to talk through the issues of religion and faith.
Others are deeply offended.
This is a very, very serious situation said in East Gumpfreck
They homemaker from Clemens, North Carolina, and a participant in Challenge Blast for me
We're not dating with human versus human, it's a spiritual battle she'd be saying.
The anti-religion perspective has been around on the internet since its beginning,
Though using you...
Q!
Or you...
Or you fairy!
To express such thoughts as news to Dr. Lauren Dawson, Professor of Sociology and Religious Studies at the University of Waterloo
And Waterloo, Ontario, who studied religion and the internet.
I wonder where that is Waterloo, Ontario.
Some are in Canada, no doubt.
What a genius man!
To my mind it's a very unique scheme said Dr. Dawson identifies himself as an agnostic with a Buddhist worldview.
He loves rubbing Buddha on the head.
In a sense it's a new twist on long and habit of trolling,
Bading and flaming people online,
And purposely seeking to attract attention to a troubled...
That sounds awfully...
Yeah!
One of those words is trolling, baiting, and flaming people online.
It's in line with the culture of the internet and the bad boy element of the internet.
Oh, bad boy, only bad boys online.
Ms. Hanoktuwits who was raised as a Jew,
said she began questioning the concepts of God and faith after the death of her grandfather a few years ago.
A high school senior she formerly attended a Hebrew school,
Bayesmeer,
And prayed to God but fell unclear about what happened to somebody after death.
After much consideration she decided to stop believing in mysticism including all the God bull crap.
Ms. Gumpracht on the other hand was raised in a Christian family on Long Island,
But said she felt the need in her youth to rebel against her parents' beliefs.
I doubted she said of her beliefs but I came to the realization that this life is not over when you die.
Right!
Ms. Dereflaming who says his website doesn't make money,
Said he started questioning his religious faith during a senior year of high school,
When he transferred out of an evangelical school to a secular one.
All those horrible evil secularist men.
Ooh!
One, I started asking questions about Christian doctrine and seeking answers to Christian doctrine.
I realized there was no way Christian doctrine could survive, he said.
There was secular humanist man, ooh! Get the pale out.
I discovered you can't think you're way to Christianity, you have to unthink your way there.
Once you start to think about it you end up not being a Christian, he said.
That's right, you're Fleming.
That's what happened to some of this.
Right.
The goal is first to dump religion from our culture, we had it now we're talking.
We want to get rid of this supernatural belief the same way it would be great if we could dump astrology or phonology and all the other pseudo sciences.
And all those pseudo human beings.
I'm all out pseudo bull crap.
Just like this pseudo radio station.
Some blasphemy challenge participants use profanity while referring to Christianity.
Others jokingly say they believe in intelligent design.
Rye!
Some of the Mr. Mickey contends to have a hatred of religion.
These guys are all malicious and able toward us.
He said they hate Christians without passion.
They're far bison I think is what he meant.
It is the participants who may have made the anti-religion videos on a lot who worried that Mr. Mickey, who feels that a young person who makes such a video may now choose not to become a Christian later, for fear of having committed an unforgivable sin.
For believers like Ms. Gumprack to the 16-year-old son said he planned to participate in challenge blasphemy, the videos are a chance to share their faith with others.
We're challenging them back Ms. Gumprack said.
We're confident in God's word and we like to tell others to rethink their position.
Despite all this, Jesus has died for them and loves them.
Jesus loves you.
You're fair.
That's right. He hates this sin but he loves the sinner and yadda yadda yadda.
And oh God, that's good.
And of course him and Mary Magdalen were having a gay old time.
Whatever they were doing.
All this other crap.
I think we need to apologize to the entire Christ family on behalf of the human race.
Do you think?
No.
And everybody else who got stuck up on the cross.
How about all the other people who got crucified?
They crucified lots of them from those Romans.
They sure did.
Just like the Saudis who hold the elaborate chop chop square.
They're chopping it baby.
And of course one thing about the Jews and the Arabs, they like to chop it alive.
Spread them and say cheese.
And I think that over with that Jewish and pedagy.
He's got a lot of time to talk about me and I'm like, I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
He's the one that's supposed to think so guys.
And what?
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo I take the elevator down.
And on my way to the car when I pull my folding basket out, I give a big condo paper.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
The door is a back and pow.
I love Bygones..
The door is a back and pow.
But just look over here.
Don't.
But those
I'd shut the door to the back and pow.
Why you speak
Yeah!
Ah, my God, I love you, spoiled old fools.
I know every technic going on in tattoos.
Why I even know all the new Majot rules.
I'm hip to the jive, daddy, I love you.
You guys are going back tonight.
It's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way play with him.
But when they drop my voice, we'll change.
You little smoothies and boys.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
I'm going to play with you.
Yeah, which president living in your dead would you like to meet?
Uh, Jerry Ford, he was a great job.
Give me the ball, give me the ball, give me the ball.
The Jack mentality, man, is a lot scarier than I ever realized before.
That's a gay club you moron.
Man who worship other men.
Gay.
And it don't even have to do with the sex necessarily, although it might.
Yeah.
Did you let us sign?
Have you ever eaten at the California pizza kitchen?
I can't say that I heard.
I've heard good things about it.
I've heard it's really great.
Chris, you know about it?
I've never heard about it.
I've heard it's really great.
It's what I heard.
So I'm thinking maybe since I'm getting all these suggestions here online,
maybe I'll go get me a Chinese pizza today if there was such a thing which there's not.
Why don't you invent it?
It sounds good to me now.
What do you put on it?
Whatever you want.
Like some egg food youngs from Chalmain.
Maybe some lobster.
Oh, I'll ask you how young is egg food young?
What's the problem with egg food young?
A lot of Chinese restaurants.
Well, I don't want to go into it.
Oh, the stuff that the Chinese people occasionally put in the food.
1042 boats.
There's no telling.
1045.
They're coming in a big fat chunks now, man.
Although it's this this pool.
I mean, what's the point of even continuing?
I'm saying we decided when I put it up there.
When Eric stuck it.
I won't vote for a presidential candidate who was a member of the Bush family.
669 and it's 54%, 64%, almost two turrets of all the boats out of 1045.
669 and say no more Bush.
I have no prejudices against anyone who runs 94.
A Republican 68, a black 33, a woman with a black 30%
32.
So you see that if you look for the Obama and the swallowing factor there, it's like side by each.
Side by each.
I hate this pool has got only about 30, man.
2.8%.
Pretty good.
We finally got one they like, I guess.
A Jew 29.
Oh, no Jews.
Gay 25.
And they still will talk about the fact that Lieberman caused Gordon election in 2000.
Forgetting about the fixed boats and all the hanging chads and the fixed Supreme Court and stuff like that.
Jew Lieberman, we have killed them.
All of the red states, all the anti-Semites, you know about that.
Gay 25, a Mormon 19 like that group, Mitt Romney.
I Hispanic 15 like Alberto Vio 5 Gonzalez for example.
Boy, see the Scracer while I bet you're trying to get rid of him.
Bigger pardon?
Hey, what a man.
Well, he's a beaners.
He's a Moonface beater, man.
He's an engine.
Are you starting to be redundant now with that Moonface beater crap?
I am.
Can I pick it on the beaners again?
Okay, sure.
Obes 9 speaking of beaners, Obes, that's because they eat all those beans, man.
All those refried, mooshy beans.
Oh, an atheist 9, a Smoker 7, a past drug user 3, illiterate 2, oh, and physically disabled, finally got a vote.
That's because after I started talking about how I'd like to have met FDR.
And so right away, just to be best stopped roast, they put one for physically disabled.
Out of 1061 votes.
As if, you know.
We're physically disabled, we're technically disabled here at QM, we're technically challenged.
We've had 27 dropouts on our streaming day, although it currently is up and running, maybe it's up.
Maybe they fed it some of those pills that were running all those spots for on the station.
Remember when we first came on QAMS all they had was you wrecked how this function adds and...
Offshore gambling.
Offshore gambling joys.
And that was it.
And then, Geldy, that spot for that one restaurant that went belly up, so this big one out of business that's a guard.
Do you remember we had the dinner there that night with the salt and then his wife?
Yes.
And you were right about him.
I don't know what he looked like, Frankenstein, like the monster on a bad day.
Maybe he had some...
Matteracts in those days.
Well, I don't know what your prescription needed updating.
I don't know what that was all about.
Your glass is...
And he brought his wife with him and we had a meal.
I don't remember if the food good in that you had to not have flogged this out.
Was it okay?
Yes.
And then, Nicole Smith and the media of distraction.
Here's a good article by Danny Schecter on the Smirking Chip.
Danny Schecter, who spent eight years working with ABC News and now at its media channel.org.
He says, TV news comes alive when celebrities or former presidents die.
Like that great athlete, Jerry Ford, for example.
That's the time when news ghouls come out to play.
In a week of escalation, we were in a rack at a time when our presidential campaign was heating up.
The tindle report of February 22 counted all the news time, devoted to every subject on network news, concluding.
And in Nicole Smith ended up with the most total time on all networks combined.
Like it or not, she was the story of the day.
Every angle was poured over with the gravitas of a UN resolution.
CNN's Larry King could have gone 24-7 talking to all the instant experts, including boys who once delivered pizza to her or home.
I wonder if it was from the California Pizza Kitchen.
Why was the judge crying?
Is it true he was angling for his own reality show?
The y'all and Nicole Smith, all the time, news gasm, conjured up memories of the glory days of cable news in the Shinklet.
Thereof O.J. and Monica and John Bonet and serious journalists may not like it, but the network bigs to use a variety.
Is it more please this punch?
Because the perversity of her life and death opens it over to endless exploitation and the made from TV movies to come.
The debate over who should get her child is the kind of drama the TV is passionate with.
News programs understand that and emulate what else is on.
Hence the fusing of fiction and faction.
Celebrity pieces also said we easily read what are soft news and so-called kicker stories explains Timbal.
If the networks are vulnerable to any criticism for pandering in the case of Smith, it's that they each found a soft or celebrity feature to follow that celebrity news.
In their defense, the features were fun.
NBC chose the British Royal family, Donna Friesen, who filed the same story, minus Lawrence Olivier, on Prince Harry going to war.
It's in his family's blood that Mark Still have filed for CBS on Tuesday.
ABC and CBS went to the movies for CBS's Pre-Movie Academy Awards ceremonies.
Bill Wittaker found soundtrack Mr. Kevin O'Connell, now nominated 19 times yet without a single Oscar on his mantle piece.
After his 19th nod for Apocalypse, O'Connell is more than ready for his close-up.
ABC's Robert Crower which offered cross-cultural comparisons of the Snatch Read at the Movie Theater.
It contrasted Hollywood popcorn with Bollywood Vatapov, I have no idea what that is, and Papa Chat.
What's Vatapov?
And Papa Chat, and created a catchphrase resounding through the corridors of ABC News, Hello Potato.
Should news be fun? Never mind, just posing that question makes me seem like a Grinch.
The better question, does the news even feature real news anymore?
A few years ago, the Rocky Mountain Media Watch examined hundreds of local news programs and found that a good 10% had no news at all.
With Yahoo announcing a new news program in which anchors sing the news, with most of America's kids locked on with the comedy news of the Daily Show and Colby Report,
the idea of news information will soon be considered pass-a if it hasn't already.
Notice how all the networks devoted more time to an inflamed food fight between Hillary and Obama than any of their political differences.
Conflict, real contrabes, what drives the agenda, personalities, not positions rule.
Television's in the business of engineering audiences for advertisers, that's why promos are often more important than programs.
Programmers look for hooks and try to generate the interest for lowest common denominator stories, stories that will keep viewers coming back.
The buzzword in the business is still, kiss, keep it simple and stupid, as in kiss this.
Dumbly down is a well-honed strategy, keep it simple and stupid, stupid.
For a little bit of a chance with market researchers studying audience reactions and rating services measuring who watches what.
While the experts are not always right, they try to butt-frisk their market-driven judgments, but focus group feedback and information about what formats work the best and which stars command the most interest.
They love to toss around viewer stats, calibrated around the end of the week in time period, they call it audience research.
It revolves around numbers, not how viewers really feel about the direct that they're being bombarded with.
Artistic judgment, aesthetics and social values have very little to do with the decisions that are made.
The decision makers often believe there's a science behind what works and what doesn't.
And when millions of dollars around the line, there's a logic to being risk at verse in the name of giving the people what they want.
TV throws up its own icons and branding performers whose lives then become the subject of constant news and news magazine treatment, talk show dribbled and tabloid newspaper hype.
Think of one of those charts showing how natural waste is recycled and you get the idea.
Increasingly, the avalanche of dumbed-down news and reality shows shape the media environment with more celebrity chatter and viewers encouraged to participate on shows they haven't had no influence on organizing.
Some skyrocket to fame and fortune, others make fools of themselves and are humiliated into the ether.
The effect of all of this, of course, is to further limit and reduce our attention spans to distract and divert us from mob matters and to give us a distorted view of the world.
Example from MSNBC.com, a new poll shows Americans are tuned into their own war dead but underestimate the Iraqi death told by tens of thousands given the coverage this is not surprising.
The FCC just imposed a large fine on univision for its failure to provide educational programs for children, a company bought by US investors for $12.3 billion.
When will they find the other networks for misinforming and under-educating Americans' adults?
This analytical Smith-Uber-Aless strategy further torpedos the notion that an individual's comprehension depends on having context and background no wonder then that there's a constant fluff and foolishness that a birth and actual agenda went from Iraq or the issues in the battle in Congress to watch live coverage of news hacks and a feeding frenzy when a lawyer named Howard K. Stern enters a courthouse.
Don't think this happens by accident. It's the template. It's delivered. Clearly, if you want news these days, the news is the last place you're going to find it.
The news. We don't have no news. That's why here on Q&A we don't worry about news. We only worry about sports news. And guess what's coming up at 2 today by the way the NHL trading deadline?
Oh, I better turn off the CNN and get over our TSN, the sports network now. I bet you think they got wall to wall. They've got our dirties.
And we don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news.
We don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news. We don't have to worry about news.
It has to find looking milk cow. Yes, it would be a shame if something pertains to happen to it. Are these suggesting I pay the protection?
Ah, but I've been in it. Games of Pennsylvania Dutch country. It's filled with excitement but no electricity.
Now I've late done thy interspanements and I regret that I must break if thy knees with this butter churn.
Half-doub forgot and if it is a sin to collect on the Sabbath, I be thirsty. Oh, and forgive it my blasphemy. I shall break if thy knees on the morrow.
Don't list the far-in-raising suspense of games of Pennsylvania Dutch country. Put aside thy commentary or I come up to whack thee.
Martin Scorsese's gangs of Pennsylvania Dutch country where made guys aren't just made. They're crafted by kids.
I'm going to buy a five-sixty WQ. Don't get diabetic. Don't get fat because then you'll have to get involved at pizza and all that good stuff and all that ice cream all in the mean.
I'm telling you right now because I'm getting tempted reading all these menus and all the stuff online here. It's not good, man. I'm just going to stop eating.
I'm going to wait till it comes to the good. What? Just eat a bite of it every day. No food.
I got a comment for you about that. Okay. This. The word this if you rearrange the letters. I think it'll convey the message that I have for you.
Make sure it's a sugar-free vitamin. Eat this. That's not 78 votes. We're going to have a little one. 1200 days. You think our Chris doesn't care. He's too busy trying to stop eating. Yeah, we'll get to about 13.
Now what's the story with you? Wait, I don't want to get too personal now. But I lost another two or three pounds this past two weeks. Well, let's hear it. First place. Okay. I wouldn't be surprised by the end of our deal here next 15, 20 years when I get through with all this crap.
That he's down to a cell. 148 pounds. Then they will fear him. Well, they'll fear him. All right. How tall do you? Like about six? 510.
Oh, 510. You just barely a little tired than me. You should weigh about 160, 170 pounds. And you weigh how much? For what? 420.
You weigh how much? Oh, I didn't know you actually want to be answered after you said it. So 250. Why didn't you want to answer it? Well, you said 420. So, you know, or he did or whatever.
Boy, you sure are touching me. It's a good thing. I'm not sensitive and touch you like you I'm a fast lob. Okay. I'm just getting our commercials in here. So it's all good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. I got to lose another 24 pounds. I'll be spelled. I'll be lovely. I'll be ready for prime time. And I'll be also ready to be putting a box. No doubt.
Sure, sure. Too bad we can't take any calls. You know, because I'm this is not what I had in mind for my anniversary week. You know, not that this is such a major deal. But this isn't what I was thinking about.
What are you talking about? Here's one Q. I. Yeah, Q. I. There was the one Q. I. Am hello. Neil. Yes. Is Jesus and God the same person? Christ, you have to ask me that. What are you some kind of a Jew boy or what? Are you an atheist? Do you some kind of a heathen that's going to burn in hell? What is wrong with you? No, I'm just asking. You're asking what? What am I going to what's my response going to be? It's all a bunch of bubble mice. He's probably understand what that means. Bubble mice.
I asked Baba Hillsplain to look at who needs these calls. Right. Oh my goodness. What? It's a brilliant. Yeah, he's a brilliant guy. I'm brilliant. Go. 5 6 7 0 5 60. We can take the calls. Although I don't know if it's me or it's just sound strange when you punch him up there.
Like that very nice. I couldn't understand. Damn thing. She was talking about. She was talking about her phone. She had been there. Lighting up now. Oh good. Let's punch a bunch of Moke and take a bunch of bunch Q. I. Hey, I'm going to talk to you guys about good place to eat. Go to the Giannis and pop. Yeah. Do you like a good Italian food? Love it. Giannis. Yeah. I also know like Gianni Versace like that kind of Gianni. Yeah. They've been there for about
20 years. Not too far from the track. Is it? Yeah. It's just it's just deep to the track. It's about halfway to Atlantic on the left. He used to be my next door neighbor. Hell of a guy got great food. No, you don't get freebies there. Do you? I don't think so. Yeah, get out of here. Hang up on this guy. I mean, I've heard about that place before too. But I mean, this guy obviously used to be his neighbor. He's getting freebies there. He's he's siphoning.
Turn the well is what he's doing. Who down you kiddin' pally? Gianni, my ass.
Watch out for another one. This is really good stuff. Q. I. Am hello.
They're not big. Sixty. Yeah. Q. I. Am cuisine line. Hello. George. Yeah. No.
Neil available for what? I'm sorry. Available for action right here. So what do you got?
I just wanted to congratulate you on your longevity voice from the past Coleman Chandler.
Coleman Chandler. Who the hell's that? Oh, one of those old sales holes.
With a mustache. Coleman, you're not remembering? Very well.
I've been failed. Coleman Chandler. Do you remember Coleman George? No. I don't either.
How long were there about a week? Maybe two. Seriously, I don't remember you from Adam.
I don't know your Coleman. I mean, I don't want you to feel bad, but it was very nice to be to call.
You remember when you had the song that we're all the sales people wanted and sales people are at home?
No. She what happened to him? I don't know. He got the. Oh, no. Coleman, what's that all about?
Sales people are ice. He said something like that, but it wasn't ice anyway. Well, it wasn't nice and it wasn't ice.
Well, that was Coleman Chandler. I'm very identified himself. Okay, because Coleman, they're going to come back to your ice pretty soon.
That's love your camping supplies, but you know, what does it make some hell? I like his lantern a lot. The Coleman lantern.
When you go camping, you always take a Coleman lantern made in China. Is it really all everything is?
Well, why not? I got a big in people. I got to keep him busy doing something.
Their phones look and see I can't see all the ring in or stinkin or whatever's going on Q. I. M. Hello.
Boop. Boop. Q. I. M. Hello. Hey, nearly what's up, man? How you doing, sir? I was wondering whatever happened to the moment.
The toy boy. And if you ever heard anything after you left the Q. I. M.
Well, those work back when he ends on a 40 watt station at 850 on the dial. He's working on that.
Correct. And he's also sucking up to a Sid the kid that Rosenberg cranched works over there at 790 across the street because he's on opposite me.
So he's a text messaging him and kissing his ass.
That's cute. All right.
M. Hello. Sneak off in the middle of the 19 New York together to the Bronx.
You know, you're the greatest George. You're the second greatest. Thank you much.
Okay. Right. Well, there you go. One that's sweet. I'm wiping all the way down. I'll bet you are five six seven oh five 60.
No, seriously, something's got to happen with this. I mean, this is not a this is taking it a step beyond wherever has been before.
We've had we've had glitches and bitches and witches and niches, but this is taking it a step beyond wherever has been before.
We've had we've had glitches and bitches and witches and niches, but this is like the thing is just out and it's like, well, maybe someday I might come back. Well, what kind of response is that?
Joe Bell? What kind of response is that that we can't even punch the phones up here?
And I can't see nothing and the internet is a tourist. What is that?
Usually typical.
Pretty good at Bill Gehran.
Traded with the sharks. Here's some heavy duty hockey news.
Cowcaught are required by the black Cawks. There's a franchise man. They ought to shut down one of the original six.
Bill Gehran. Traded with the sharks. Here's some heavy duty hockey news.
Cowcaught are required by the black Cawks. There's a franchise man. They ought to shut down one of the original six Chicago black Cawks.
They stink. The ownership stinks. They give the fans a drink and who the hell are they kidding?
And by the way, speaking of kidding, who's kidding? Who with this panther stuff? Anyway, hey, they created Gary Roberts.
Gary Roberts went to the Pittsburgh Penguins, by the way.
You worry that?
Yep.
You care?
Sure. Gary Roberts just celebrated his 75th birthday. He's old enough to me by grandpa. Okay.
So don't give me no Gary Roberts.
At least want to get your Roberts. It's how desperate they are. And I keep looking over here at the phone.
What am I looking at? What am I looking at? Everything's ringing.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I wanted to say P.F. Chang is very good. Okay.
They have a bunch of different things that are really good. In fact, I see for used to be a big P.F. Chang.
He was there like this book person.
No, I see. Well, nothing is perfect. You know, that's very true. But, you know, what did I ever do?
You're a smart guy. Give me the hand. More on it.
You're an idiot. You're a jackass. So here's another guy that came, you know, on a Myspace thing originally.
And, but I beat, but it opened. He tried to like say, oh, I was the jerk that was doing that and blah blah blah.
And you know something? They can never stop. They can never stop. Once a jackass, always a jackass.
Once you got your one liner and then it comes back with, oh, well, Gio, you were the one that said this.
Just like that other guy. Was that guy a Jerry?
Jerry with a G. Johnny?
No, Jerry.
Oh, not Johnny. Johnny G. Are you talking about him? Hey, Johnny G by the way. Oh, he goes through a whole thing about.
He hopes that part of the reason I went to Capitol Grill was on his recommendation.
And then he gives me a son of an aunt about, oh, what did I have?
And go away already. Don't go away, man. Just go away.
You.
I heard it. I smell it.
Yeah, don't go in there.
You hear my stomach, my boy?
My stomach?
I know that's what I heard.
My stomach? My stomach?
People hitting ones from work late one night when they fall to fine on the fast food line.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl and the next thing to know, they started to earn.
And they started to blow out.
This stomach started to blow.
They started to blow out.
But burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
It was in the curse that case the beyond.
It's causing all this diarrhea.
But none of the sick are going to die.
They just got a bad case for the colon.
From Taco Bell.
Their stomach started to blow.
It not go out.
A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanbody toe.
It should have skipped the down chalupa.
You might not have made that soupa.
Next time you pass the fine, they know.
Even though it's grilled, so it's good to go.
Throughout the people got sick and wish the day only gone.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bottom.
The pain from the crams they felt even there got.
So next time they'll just go to feed the hot.
Not Taco Bell.
That's how it started to blow.
From Taco Bell.
A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the beanbody toe.
It's Taco Bell.
We're going to have over 11 hours of voice already.
Over 9, Chris is everything is just fine.
We are chicken some big, serious, smelly, rectum fat.
And if anybody knows about a fan ass, he's a guy.
119 votes on a pool.
By the way, we already mentioned that Pants and Straty Gary Roberts to Pittsburgh
for defenseman Noah Welts.
Anybody ever heard of Noah Welts?
No.
Who cares?
How about some NHL draft off?
I mean,
I'm going to take a quick break.
We'll get the final details on that deal.
And as we said with National Making a big move with Foresburg and now San Jose.
The question.
What do the Anaheim ducks do?
We will speak.
What do the ducks do, maybe?
Probably wild a little bit with seeing.
When they were ducks, they would do the model.
They do indeed.
How are we doing on that phone?
Because I have no idea.
No calls.
No calls.
And the engineer, no interest by anybody in the building.
And that's just the way it goes.
And who knows what evil works?
How long this kind of crap is going to go on?
I'm thinking they're going to break.
It's the year 2007.
The idea that anybody in the broadcast industry is doing a show without Internet connection.
I mean, I got my regular Internet over here.
Thank the Lord on the other side.
But would like between me and you.
Yeah.
Between me and you, it's a pile of crap is what it is.
It's on a couple of two lines.
One one.
You have to get like all whipped up into a frenzy about it.
Just become like they just be relaxed and calm.
Don't give me all whipped up.
Now that I'm calm and I'm going to very, very frame of mind.
Don't give me all whipped up into an apoplectic frenzy again, you know.
But a beep, but a boop.
You know, another one.
There were a couple of other ones too.
There was the guy.
Oh, I had to turn you off last Friday for the first time.
Remember that guy?
That guy.
And then there was the abullion guy.
That was the one I was trying to think of.
Jerry with a G who sent me that indignant email on my space.
About well, if I really cared about something is insignificant.
Is this my space?
All this other crap.
You know, you were the one that called me the you know something.
I don't like people who want to have labels.
They want to have you know tags.
Yeah, they want to have tags because they want to be superstars.
They want to be big celebrities on the radio.
There's only one celebrity on the show.
Well, George.
That's what Chris said.
Hey, Chris is the big celebrity on this.
That's what Joe Bell said.
He said there's only one celebrity on that show and it's George Rodriguez.
That's what he said.
Anybody buy that?
Anybody believe what that he said?
No.
See, there's always a big left out with this thing.
When you're building up for this big anniversary date.
I mean, I don't see all the great significance of 31.
It's just you made it one year past 30 and I'll read my in my advance age.
Uh-huh.
And am I stage in the stage in life, whatever my stage is.
I think it's a pretty miraculous.
I mean, I had that call from Ricky Tickey last week.
That was pretty exciting.
Although he wanted to talk to you, but nevertheless.
Last week Vermont ice cream.
Well, it's been in Jerry launch Stephen Colbert's American dream.
A flavor named on the comedy channel's political satirist.
The news spread rapidly to the blogosphere after being leaked to Colbert's website.
For the no fact zone itself, a send of Fox News is no spin zone hosted by Bill O'Reilly.
This by the way is by Andrea Schmidt and Megan Boler of common dreams.
Orga.
I probably should.
I just once in a while read something.
I don't tell you who it's by as if the audience knows who these people are.
Anybody know who these people are?
No, they don't know who they are.
The flavorful online launch raises a worry about the landscape of media democracy.
Is this brand of American dream described as the sweet taste of liberty in your mouth?
A sign of re- oh man.
A sign of reinvigorated popular of democracy in the US.
Or is it a sign of democracy package for consumption politics branded as tasty flavor of the day?
In the course of 40 interviews with political bloggers online video producers and members of the Daily Show Online community.
A research project funded by the social sciences and humanities research council of Canada.
We see two significantly different models of democracy envisioned by new media participants.
In short, democracy as megamart versus democracy as town hall.
In a megamart model of democracy and increasing number of voices and broad range of opinions are displayed.
Bloggers, journalists and casual readers browsing consume the ones they like.
Most read only 1% of 57 million blogs, technocrat, and most blogs come in primarily on existing mainstream media,
rather than producing investigative journalism and might shape domestic and foreign policy.
In a megamart vision, the wide range of choice and freedom of expression are most significant.
A vision of democracy modeled on American consumer choice.
You have a lot of people racking their tongues and spouting off.
It might be totally down a rabbit hole making no sense at all or be very poorly expressed or be incredibly well expressed,
but a complete line of BS, so one of our interviewees.
But it's what you get with the democracy. It's messy. It's not always fun, but frankly, it's fairly entertaining.
Unlike certain shows I can think of, it's fairly entertaining.
The megamart model arguably produces an echo chamber, a packaging of the handful of corporate news flavors into 57 million variations,
most of which are not adding any new facts to the conversation.
Let's not forget that the blogosphere is also one big echo chamber.
Of he said, she said, exchanges, no one seems to be coming up with original content these days writes,
jacked of all blogs on February 8th.
And another echo chamber problem is the fear that readers merely gravitate to blogs that suit their preconceived political views
and filter everything else out.
One of the bloggers we interview describes a kind of blogging where people are just reinforcing their prejudices and their ideologies
and echoing each other attacking the enemy. What's wrong with that?
Still others disagree with this dismissal. Some research shows that readers are more likely to encounter views
from diverse political perspectives in the blogosphere than in the traditional print news.
But many bloggers we interviewed dispute the megamart model of democracy and said the emergence of a renewed town hall,
a public forum in which judgments and opinions are rigorously debated.
As one left blogger we interviewed states of his attempts to educate and mobilize his readers,
I'm not just attempting to influence them while they're online, I'm attempting to influence them for their entire lives.
Our research evidence is that bloggers who have you needed democracy on the town hall model
also are more likely to be engaged in official political activism.
Contrary to the myth that online activism is supplanting offline political action,
propagated by mainstream media headlines like that of Jennifer Earls,
recent Washington Post op-ed, where have all the protests gone online was the answer.
Our survey shows online activity may be increasing offline political engagement.
Our survey of 157 bloggers and independent viral video producers evidence is that
52% agree that my online political activity has caused me to take action in my local community like protest book out, etc.
Since becoming active online 29.3% of those we survey said they're more active in offline political activities
and 63.1% say they spread them up the same amount of time in offline political activities.
59.5% say that my online participation in political forums has led me to join at least one political gathering or protest
or go to the window and open it up in Yale, I'm as bad like that as hell.
Bloggers do contribute our women's reporting specialized research and rigorous investigation.
For example, bloggers' attention reports that the US military had used illegal phosphorus weapons
during the November 2004 siege of halluja and the underground reporting by blogger journalist Dar Jamal of a Ractus batches
pushed the story to prominence in the UK independent.
The reports forced the Pentagon to admit that white phosphorus had in fact been used in halluja.
All the information came from bloggers, came from people doing things like finding government documents,
finding instances where soldiers admitted filed manuals that they used it and what it looked like
and that the call sign was whiskey pee said a blogger often investigate the story.
Even blogs that merely comment may impact reception and policy, though fact checking and reframing through a fact checking and reframing.
Bloggers are little deference for traditional media who used to be priest on high dispensing the knowledge of the unwashed masses.
But now we fact check the crap out of them and if they're lying it's going to come out state of one blogger.
Mainstream media in the words of another blogger are watching their back a little more because they know they're going to get caught if they do anything egregious.
Oh, don't do anything egregious.
Bloggers describe their work as participation in a conversation I think the main value is it brings more voices to the table.
Like by comparison to the corporate media where they pretend that there's maybe two sides of every argument which is ridiculous.
A contributor to a prominent US military blogger explains I like to argue because it helps form my opinion.
I'm not bound to any opinion arguing with smart people who disagree is the best way to find holes in your own argument.
This model of democracy has a little encounter with shopping rather it involves engaged dialogue and collective search for the truth.
As one interview as one interview we said blogging allows a level of citizen participation.
You have a voice as well as a vote instead of just going and pulling a lever or being an anonymous number you actually can contribute something to the debate.
We currently face a good test case for these debates in 2003 when the Bush administration fabricated claims about stockpiles or weapons of mass destruction.
The political blogosphere was only nice and as the word drums rule again this time with contestor claims about Iranian intervention in Iraq.
Will the robust blogosphere fact check the crap out of Bush administration claims about Iranian weapons applies.
And if so will media democracy mobilize enough the public protest to be heard much less shift foreign policy.
If that is the goal now is the time for bloggers to hone their arguments and demonstrate their fact checking skills.
So far no US mainstream media have yet to spewed the factual distortion of the president's state of the union such as that Shia and Sunni extremists all want to kill Americans kill democracy in the Middle East and gain the weapons to kill it even on an even more horrific scale.
Will the base in the blogosphere be able to challenge Western preconceptions about the relationships and goals of the different Islamic movements operating in Iraq Iran, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia and around the world.
Or we just log on to our computers for another taste of American dream.
And taste it. Yes.
Good. You had it yet? No.
Although maybe we can go to the cold stone. You're cold and cream or you can stone cookie dough.
How can people eat cookie dough ice cream? It's good. It is. Oh yeah. Sounds nauseating. Oh no.
It's not. You know it's like we'll be like eating a whole pick can pie. It wasn't wrong with it is that it's usually in vanilla. It's cookie dough.
Ah!
So what some of us do is we go through and we pick up the chunks of cookie dough and leave the chap vanilla ice cream behind.
You leave the the chaff? I don't know. Would you stick it? You stick it under your light.
Suck it in and hold it.
They're funky. They're old. They're the California proof.
Well, when you're getting old and clay and your cons to pay every day, give us a release.
And that's for sure. And so for you, we got the cure.
Just eat some of us. Eat us every day.
And then flush your clothes away. Don't you want to be vain? Golden the tasty.
Madam, use the whistle. Place it in.
Exlects is nice, but it don't wake fast. Just eat some food.
We smell real glass. Underbody.
Yes. I'm a party if you eat us all the smarty.
California proof. What a way to go.
Well, speaking of the panthers, I must have been my psychic powers again or maybe just a coincidence
because we played that rejoin with the older squeaking and waiting.
Like that.
The Florida Panthers announced today that over 300 people packed the Doris and Tidey Market in focus on the afternoon
for the season finale of the Doris and Tidey Market Panthers insider radio show on 560 W.A.M.
The appearance was part of the Panthers All Access program which has put cast players face-to-face with fans all season long.
Florida Panthers radio played by Playboy Steve Geldig-Geldstein.
Posted the Panthers insider show a special guest Nathan Horton and assistant general manager, Randy Sexton.
Both Horton and Sexton signed autographs and posts for pictures with fans and attendants before being interviewed on the radio.
But a beep but a goop but a bob and it goes on about, oh yeah, very good at setting up a lot of PR pieces.
And oh, here's about 50 free tickets for you, Neil and your season ticket order.
And please put somebody in the stands there and help our franchise continue pretending that we have long existence.
The funny part was the only funny part I heard this the oblong table this morning with Kenny and both.
So they're asking them both once the last time you attended a Panther game and they said the one guy says, who?
What are the Panthers? You know, like, haha.
And of course, what's the prize they're giving away on that segment?
That's it, you got it.
So these are not people who go to any of the games just like almost anybody else. There is no interest.
It's a phantom franchise as much of a gigantic hockey fan as I am.
And there's the draft show on the.
For the Minnesota wild because there you go. Dominic Moore, trade the wild. I have no idea who that is.
But nevertheless, how can be an existence? I have no idea. I keep looking over this phone thing. I don't know why.
I mean, wouldn't you think I know I wouldn't.
Oh, anymore.
Not anymore. We we we have reached rock bottom. Okay.
Rock bottom. That's right. Very good.
As far as technical incompetence, we are technically challenged on.
You know, it's a miracle. I can keep an anthing on the air. Nice call in George Corso.
I wish that guy remember we had that one week that guy was calling an everyday ripping Corso and asked him let's know him.
What was up to the least so? Huh? What was up with that? I don't know.
But boy, if anybody deserves it, this engineering department there just I mean step tries very hard.
He cares enough to set his best. I don't think I ever met him. Did I know?
No, he's normally the outside engineer. You know for sporting events to the location guy.
Yeah, well, you see the message they got going on there. That's why he probably wants to stay on the outside.
Who that would want to deal with the technical message they got going on the inside?
Eight million dropouts on the streaming and the damn telephone thing don't work and this is on Gapatsky.
And remember that couple days ago when we had the level coming from the control room so low that it sounded like it was coming from Uranus.
I mean, I could barely hear the damn program. It wouldn't have been low if it had been.
How about your pardon?
I've had it coming from that planet.
Oh, wouldn't have been that low is what you're saying.
I've never been coming from Uranus. I see. Well, it sounded like anyway.
How are we doing? What do you say we're going to get the 13? We got 1135.
I think we got a shot of 13. I don't know. I think Chris may have shot a little bit too high there.
I mean, I got 1142. They're coming in a good chunk. So now, you know, maybe they had some of that
Maricone ice cream. Whatever was Maricone.
Not a cone ice cream. I've had some of that.
Yeah, ice cream. Yeah, you look it. Did it melt in your mouth?
You look at 1142 votes on the pool.
Physically disabled still got only one. That's the ghost of FDR is looking over that.
Not too happy. But there's been healing.
Your needs tomorrow as well.
But a bit bit of boot put about let's get that NHL hockey thing on here.
Let's get Rimmer on the phone. What do you say? Not?
Well, that's the one good thing, man. I haven't heard from him in a dog's age.
God.
I must have gotten the minute. What do you say?
There are some people that always they just bug you and he was one of them.
Yeah, I think I've got the phone and calling. Nothing to say.
Call me when you have something to say, Rimmer. Well, that'll never happen.
So he hasn't called Florida Pills Court blocks and in the Colesmith,
Berlin and Bahamas. How could we go to an hour without some heavy duty stuff on this?
Everybody knows this already.
Yeah, it's probably worth it.
We've been forced fed it until what's coming out of our ears every port in your body.
It's coming out of your nose out of your crotch out of your back.
That's right out of your toenails.
The end of the Colesmith case went to court in two countries yesterday.
A Bahamas Supreme Court just assert arguments over who should get custody of the dead starlets,
baby while a South Florida Pills panel halted temporarily.
The effort to take a remains to the Bahamas for burial.
I'm sure that's where you're smelling and coming through the vents.
That must be it.
Dozens of reporters and photographers get oh, yes.
I saw in the TV yesterday my good friend the Susan candy out.
Mm hmm.
See, I told you she's this week.
She tried to have Norma can call me.
He did call, but I would just was home.
Love you Susan.
She's great.
Dozens of reporters and photographers gathered in a courier out across
from the white pillars of the island nation's pink to stir a colonial era supreme court building.
This is a national Bahamas.
Oh, what a place as lawyers and judges occasionally merge revolving removing their white wigs.
Oh, I love that.
When they take off their wigs, reminds me of the former playboy model die well,
but we know all of that.
She did this.
She did that.
Her late husband's five million dollar state.
I'll take it.
I'll do some good works with it.
I'll do good work.
I can really do this.
I'll do all my good works with it.
Mm hmm.
An appeals court and West Palm Beach issued an emergency stay.
It stopped any effort to move Smith's remains a Bahamas supreme court justice or arguments
made no ruling on the baby's custody and another Bahamas judge postponed to the
city out of the speed over ownership of a house that's been lived in a potentially
significant question that could determine whether she has the residency status
necessary for a Bahamas burial.
Why don't they just throw her ass out to see?
Okay, throw ass overboard.
Put on one of those and cruise ships.
Well, I have a story on that speaking cruise ships where the hell is oh, yeah.
I have a whole pile of stuff here that I've been like postponing the lane, you
know, putting off putting walk a mug.
And American and American senior citizen killed on the ledge mugger with his
bare hands.
I saw the traveling companions aboard a tour bus,
spent it off two other assailants in the Atlantic Coast City of Limon, Costa Rica.
Limon.
I like a nice sugar free limonade myself.
A retired member of the US military aged about 70 put suspect Warren's
Warner Saguora in a headlock and broke his clavicle after the 20 year old and two other men
armed with an eye for gun held up the bus tour.
Luis Hernandez, the police chief of Limon, 80 miles southeast to San Jose said last
week.
This is old news, but they never heard of any where you didn't hear it.
Yes, you did too bad.
It's alright.
Saguora was later declared dead apparently from a speciation.
The two other men fled when 12 senior citizens started to fend themselves during
the Wednesday attack.
This is last Wednesday.
Obviously, it's not tomorrow yet.
After where the tourist drove, Saguora to the Red Cross where he was declared dead.
I'm dying on the head.
The Red Cross also treated one of the tourists for an anxiety attack.
Wow.
The tourists left on their carnival cruise ship after the incident.
Hernandez in authority said they don't plan to press any charges against them.
They were in their right to defend themselves after being held up.
Just another great example.
In a media statement, Miami-based California cruise or I'm sorry carnival cruise line
said that the incident occurred during an outing at Limon Beach during which a group
of a dozen passengers had arranged on their own.
According to witnesses, while sightseeing at a local beach, the group of guests who were approached
by three assailants, one of whom was armed and did the victim's struggle with the
perpetrator were able to disarm him.
During this process, the government's two accomplices fled the scene and of course
disarming and restraining the assailant he died from apparent speciation.
Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
Like that.
I'm gagging over here.
Like that.
Just like that.
How does that drive coming, baby?
Fending free agent would be the better pickup.
A. Todd, Bertuzzi, B. Jason Blake.
Jonesy.
There you go.
Excellent trade there by the Panthers organization man getting a real stiff that all
kid from a Vancouver couldn't stop a bowling ball from 100 yards away and Todd Bertuzzi,
Kuchi Kuchi, but nevertheless.
Nice go.
Training away one of the best gold tenders in the league.
Idiots you fools man and you want people to give you a song and a dance because
of 300 people showed up at the market with guilty.
Yeah.
That sure would satisfy me if I had to pay out of my own pocket for those stinking
panther tickets which thank God I don't.
1148 votes on the full not too shabby.
So what do you think?
Todd Bertuzzi or Jason Blake?
Huh?
Hockey talk we did.
Hey listen, it's the first thing, man.
Got two sets of reps.
This league on pay review is the ultimate city flight championship.
Victory in the matchup everyone's been talking about.
Buddy, the winner's close.
You wouldn't make it rare versus double the smith.
We're company.
I have an unusually low pain threshold.
But only one will earn the way to the goal.
We all know that.
Susie my ass.
All right, fellas.
Shake hands and come out fighting now.
He squeaks too hard.
It is the handoff.
Ready.
You've never seen two cities twice as hard to avoid a bite.
I would do it.
No, I would.
You win.
Hey, how about if we share the title?
Okay.
High five.
Oh, he heard me.
When this comes to show you can't miss the ultimate.
The questions that you had and that I had about it.
Let's move on.
Everything's a solve.
That's right. Let's move right along.
Okay. Let's push up a line here.
Neil, I just punched up into anything.
There's no dots. There's no connection.
Here we have.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I wanted to congratulate Neil on all this time on the radio.
Well, thank you so much.
Is this Neil?
It sounds like me.
How you doing, buddy?
Not too bad.
Worker. Hey, nice people.
Not too bad.
Yeah, I hope you get your technical problem fixed.
It's good listening to you.
I just recently got a job where I can listen to you.
Most of the time that you're on the air.
Oh, right.
And I love the show, man.
Thanks a lot.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I have a great day.
You too.
Well, there he goes.
Nice guy.
Put a little smile on my face.
Kind of shared me up a little bit from this depressing technical
morass.
Morass.
Everybody wants a little race, but the problem is we got the wrong
morass.
What?
Morass.
Just pathetic.
What's going on here and that's a response.
We we addressed technical issues every time we made aware of
them.
What the hell does that mean?
And what addresses on this technical mess we got now?
What address?
Is it the White House?
Is it the United Nations?
Is it the FCC?
What is it?
It's the pink dress.
Oh, it's Ellen.
It is.
I thought it was the blue dress that Monica left in her behind.
1160 on the pool.
Oh, there's the ranges went in the Stanley Cup a hundred years ago.
There's Mike Keenan.
I remember him.
And there's Mark Messier, which if I ever have to see him again,
him or needle knows if I ever have to see him, I'm going to give up hockey.
Get rid of him off my screen.
We're going to have a feature on him in just a long time.
Let me turn off back to something else.
1160 vote.
Chuck, they got to have a feature on somebody when some middle of the
trading deadline should be given all the reports on the hot trades which
there weren't that many.
And what were you saying Chris 13 hundred votes?
Not going to happen.
We got 1163.
We got an hour and 30 minutes to go.
That's just we need 137 in 72 minutes.
That could happen if the audience really put the pedal to the metal if they really
go with it.
If they got jiggy with it and we're a streaming baby, we only got 29 dropouts on
our streaming day on our feed on our online feed.
And like I said, totally before just the 10th and the 25th just take the money
from these people because when it comes to anything else, they're not competent
to deal with it.
They don't really care about it.
They don't want to be bothered whether you can tell from the tone of that reply.
You know, I say you're letting it to Joyce by the beep by the boot.
They're okay.
They don't really care about it.
They don't want to be bothered whether you can tell from the tone of that reply.
You know, I say you're letting it to Joyce by the beep by the boot by the
like that.
That's jolly joe.
You know, very sad, very sad guy.
Not jolly at all said depressing to me.
I was in such a great mood until I read it.
So thanks for ruining my day normal.
Okay, I don't want to hear about jolly joe and his brush offs.
Okay, and about who he's not returning your responses.
As long as the text keep coming, what do we care?
Right?
We can just play that between now and the end of time.
Almost two years left and his deal.
How about two years of.
Is that sound?
Sure as I'll beat some of the other crap we got.
I'll say that.
Oh, I want to I want to meet Jerry Ford because he wore a jog strap and they made fun of him.
After he died, I didn't know much about him.
But after he died, yeah, he learned about Jerry Ford on television.
Just like the guy told Howard Beal because you're on television dummy.
Remember that?
That's what you do.
Good.
And I served for why me?
Why me?
Because you're on television dummy.
And I served from a new book by writer Andrew Coburn to pick down a wrong
spelled as eager to deploy massive nuclear retaliation in war games he played in the 1980s.
The excerpts featured the website salon.
Coburn's book is called Rumsfeld.
His rise fall in catastrophic legacy.
The incident described in the excerpts salon is drawn from the former defense secretaries.
Heading participation in 1980s continuity of government exercises.
Simulations of our government would attempt to function in the event of a major nuclear attack on the USA.
The exercises received heavy funding during the Reagan and Bush years and according to Coburn.
Rumsfeld loved these games and never missed any of them.
Instead of working to reestablish her function in the US government and the aftermath of a massive disaster.
Rumsfeld had other priorities.
A former official defense department at the time told Coburn that Rumsfeld always tried to
unleash the maximum amount of nuclear firepower possible in retaliation for a Soviet attack.
Maybe that's why Bush liked him so much.
Maybe they both have the same thing in mind.
Their favorite hobby, not just war games, but Killsle people.
That's it as many as possible.
In the 1980s and the excerpt exercise Coburn describes Rumsfeld was successfully
struck down by another player in the game who simulated the role of Secretary of State.
Coburn thinks the continuity of government exercise had interesting implications for Rumsfeld's real career as a policy and decision maker.
It's worth comparing Rumsfeld's behavior in the games with his performance in a real war he observes.
The casual maybe even irresponsible decision taken that were reflect attitudes and reactions.
Better suited to an elaborate game from which real life costs and consequences are excluded.
Coburn also notes that Rumsfeld wrote to George Herbert Walker Bush and asked for an ambassador ship in Japan.
The elder Bush called the following message at the top of the letter which was collected by a White House employee.
No, this will never happen.
GB.
Rumsfeld was subsequently offered no position in the Bush 41 administration and the Audi Audi.
I like that maniac.
He's a lunatic is what they're trying to say and tell us all the dead people who died because he was a lunatic working for another lunatic.
Tell us all the dead people and the people missing their limbs and their eyes and their brain and whatever they used to have.
It's working. It's worth it.
What does it have to do with Anne and Nicole?
What does it have to do with Brittany?
Sheavener's stupid ass head, huh?
That's the American way.
Baby, that's the American way.
What does it have to do with we found Jesus and Mary Magdalene and the son Yosuke, whatever the hell was in those crypts?
What does that have to do with anything that we care about?
What does it have to do with the damn Academy Awards?
Like I told you, Robert Bank, that's my suggestion.
Robert Bank, take the money, go up to someplace where they have no expedition and have a wonderful life.
Have a great time.
Take a bunch of real hot people off to some desert island somewhere, screw your brains out, have a big smile on your face, drink peanut collodies, eat a lot of pineapple, like that.
All right.
That sounds good. Let's someone look in the South Pacific.
I'm not going to find your ass.
Speak of that. What ever happened to the guy from what that was his name from Miami that disappeared in...
Joe Gerstin?
Joe Gerstin. What ever happened to him?
He's Australian.
That's what I'm just saying.
Oh, look at this. Norma can't with an email here.
No, this is the same one.
I thought maybe this was the new one that just came through my poison berry.
I thought maybe this was something new.
It's the same old crap.
Leave me alone, Norma.
Leave me alone, please.
Tell me something uplifting.
Tell me something that'll put a smile on my face.
Not like this depressing stuff about Joe Bell as a D-bag.
You know?
Who ought to be T-bagged?
You know what they say?
The T-bag, the D-bag is no what they say?
Mm-hmm.
It's like puffed magic dragon, D-bagged the T-bag.
Or the other way around.
I can't get it straight.
1170 votes on the pool, boy.
If we had, we're not going to make no 13.
I hate to break the news to you, Chris.
You just pick that number out of your ass.
That's not the only thing.
That's what we used to say to Moe all the time when he used to...
Do-do-do-do-do.
Pick those dingal bars.
You just pick that number out of your well, whatever.
That's correct.
1171 on our pool.
And he's out there listening right now.
Moe, I hope you and your buddy, Sid the Kid,
have a great trip back up to New York and to bus,
and the back of the bus.
He's texting Sid the Kid over across the street
and congratulating him, doing a wonderful job
with his point, oh, point, oh, share, you know,
with no listening audience.
Who the hell are you kidding Moe?
Okay?
It's not important that his friends succeed
because he doesn't have any, but that Neal fails.
That's what his life's all about now.
Everybody, every person in this business
who ever crossed your path will say the same thing, Moe, myster.
Do-do-do-do-do.
Kaka.
Moon.
Iraq, she advised prison nearly escaped assassination
in the yesterday.
Uh-oh.
Well, he's a big fat guy.
That's sort as a blast trip through a government meeting
a meeting hall just hours after research by US teams with
uh-oh.
Well, he's a big fat guy.
That's sort as a blast trip through a government meeting
a meeting hall just hours after research by US teams with
bomb-staffing dogs at least ten people were killed.
I guess the dogs must have been off their feet a little bit or
something, huh?
Adele Abdul Makhdi was slightly wounded in the explosion
with splintered chairs, destroyed a speaker's podium and
said a chilling message or anything is always chilling,
chilling, chillin' that suspected Sunni militants can
strike anywhere despite our major security cracked down
across Baghdad.
It ain't working out too well.
As US forces seal off the area around the municipal building
investigators grappled with the troubling question of how
the bomb was spelled out of the Ministry of Public Works,
a seven-story structure with cracks surveillance systems
from its day's as offices for Saddam Hussein's feared
intelligence service.
The bomb, possibly hidden in the podium, went off moments
after the Minister for Public Works finished his speech in
the third floor chamber when this is said,
Abdull Makhdi may have made a welcoming address
if a minute's earlier, raising speculation that
bomb could have been on a timer trigger that missed the
Vice President by sheer luck.
Among those killed were several Ministry employees,
police said more than 25 were wounded, including the
Public Works Minister Riyadh Garib, which sounds a little
like Abdugar-ray-
probably related.
Abdull Makhdi smothered by his bodyguards in an instant
and a millisecond severed minor leg injuries was hospitalized
for tests.
He was later released.
I heard a big explosion said,
talk with Ali, a Public Works Ministry employee who
attended the gathering to honor outstanding workers.
I felt that the ground of the whole place was filled with
black smoke, kind of like the studio as a QAM.
Maybe the old tar maybe guys up on the roof, you think?
Say tar maybe, we can play that bit, but we can't say it.
Right.
And what else was as opposed to play before you told me something
awful in the group?
Oh, yeah.
The clock fling, sorry.
The clock fling, you say what?
Lawsland, whatever it is.
I'm the reason kind of a little bit the D bag.
Yes, Mr. T bag.
All the D above 1172 on the pool.
We're like I said, 1250 sounds good.
Where you say, can we, can we compromise on that Chris 1250?
Yeah, that's what I thought you said, 1250 by two o'clock.
And then at two o'clock we got 80 K for the mad dog today.
We got mad dog is just he don't want to overdo it.
You know, we got football season coming up in a few months.
And when are we going to fight out about that?
Which ones got the totality and which stations got the dolphins?
What's the new coach?
What's the new coach Chris the dolphins?
Cameron, can Cameron anybody ever hear of this guy?
No, I heard of Warren Cameron and bell Cameron who was his daddy.
Harness racing driver from Indian years ago freedom fellow here comes freedom fellow on the outside.
And there goes Jackie Lee.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one to two hour lifetime TV presents a brand new dating game
where one woman must choose among three men.
It's gay, straight or aching.
Okay, Sally, you're about to meet one guy who likes girls, one who likes boys, and one who will never tell no matter how many times Diane saw your asks.
I'm ready.
Gay, straight or aching?
One single woman must figure out who's a homo, who's a hetero, and who's a man-a-law.
Sally, time to make your decision.
Okay, contestant number one, your gay.
Now, then you're straight.
No, wait, I got it.
You're Clay, Akin.
There you go.
You want me to think of some?
No, no, no, no.
It's the dating game with a twist like water unless you can't play it straight or boy.
He's funny.
Gay, straight or aching only on lifetime television for women and possibly Clay, Akin.
And don't forget that gear.
Not key statement on our very, very hot morning show, man.
That thing really sends me where it sends me where three times this morning, one at five sixty W.A.
And we got Eddie K. the saffron and then we got the power hour.
I guess Hank is going to do it solo between four and five.
Wouldn't be the first time I'm sure.
Humber between five and six, three and then we got Seattle.
Understand the power hour.
How can it be the power hour when there's nobody, no two people on together?
Shut up.
I'm saying on the one that invented that for Christ's sake.
What you got a copyright.
Yes.
Oh, just like Pat Riley copy the copy went to the word D bag or whatever it was.
Three P.
Three P.
Yeah, how many fingers you got three P.
Humber five to six, three then you got the panting preview at six thirty panties at the Washington
Crap it was all my God again that would put it put a Mexican jumping me into a coma.
That's it.
And then look at that look what we're doing tonight.
I can't I can't believe this looks like we're doing this every night now.
Uh oh.
Why forgot about that we've been doing this for quite some time and I just haven't paid any attention.
Well, I can't to the game.
We got ESPN radio like from ten o'clock till five o'clock in the morning.
Yeah, since since the Schmidt can't any K and then he came back and disguised as somebody else in different
all these different slots that got.
But anyway, that that's that is just amazing, jolly Joe, but I just want to set out a message to Norma Ken.
Okay, I'm sure she's listening right now in the middle of her lunch hours.
Stop.
Stop a good intentions.
Are am I carrying on here about the technical thing we made a you know we made an issue a lot of it on to show
us something to talk about in my carrying on like some kind of a child here.
You might like banging my spoon.
Oh my god, the thing doesn't work.
No, I'm not.
And what did I say very clearly the checks show up not just on time they show up early.
They're big.
They're fat.
They wrote ton they take care of me.
They take care of all my friends.
They take care of everything I need and that's all I care about.
That's it.
So if you want to do something productive instead of alienating my good close first of a friend jolly fat Joe Bell.
Well, you ought to be doing normas like getting like another five ten year extension on that deal.
At about twice the pay with about a third of the work.
That sounds good to me.
It sounds like a deal.
Sounds like a plan.
And then of course we can play them a tape son Friday.
I mean, the Georgia be working Friday.
Take whatever.
But this this is what I had to contend with top head jank of like that normal.
That's what I contend with.
And that article by the way which kills him good time about the I was fairly interesting about the internet.
That was fairly amusing when that.
The original thing the God who wasn't there.
I'm going to go on that thing today.
What is the blast for me challenge calm.
Those who participate now want to say those who participate.
I mean, I got to send him a video.
I don't think you post one post what post post you post the video you shoot a video.
You put it into your computer.
You posted a video of what of you saying what the people say who post videos.
And how am I taking a video of me saying crap somebody shoots a camera at your face.
Yeah, OK.
Shoot this said camera.
Anyway, though.
Just just trying real hard to those guys in the morning.
What do you think gay or not gay?
You're gay.
Definitely the guy who wasn't there the DVD was Mr. Fleming wrote directed and produced.
Yeah, it was pretty interesting.
The blast for me, town side advises people how to post the videos on you.
You and how to search for the videos on the you.
You like why see well, whatever.
Maybe I'll find something on there pretty interesting.
I'll shoot it off to him and I'll get a copy of that DVD for free.
Oh, man, I'll scam a copy of the DVD.
You know me the old chiefscape not.
1180 see as I get older the idea be now that I got a few bucks.
Spend it.
I have one friend who tells me that my friend up here of course.
And he tell you enjoy it enjoy life.
Absolutely.
That's right.
Don't worry.
What was the suggested?
Absolutely.
Oh my God.
Oops.
1189 on a full we need only 11 more for 1200 and then after that.
It's just like a free run when you say Chris free run.
Oh, definitely.
I've had the free runs every now and then.
Not good.
Oh, here's another.
Did I just read article by Patrick Coburn from the independent UK?
Who?
Well, he spells his last name.
I better not say it.
I know that's how it's pronounced because I heard them must say it on the BBC.
But not everybody pronounces it that way.
His last name is spelled C O C K B U R N.
Oh my God.
Oh, I hate that.
Anyway, that's his name Patrick Coburn.
First he rest alluted itself about the war then about the source of the weapons he wrote in the independent.
See some of this stuff is getting ancient.
Why don't I get to the story about alien just landed on a rubber tube on a rubber.
Shoot.
But that's what happens when you can't take any calls and like, you know,
I'm going to start making a huge pile man.
I did that this morning as a matter of fact I worked on it feverishly.
And without getting too graphic about that, have you ever had that happen?
And you wonder you asked yourself like yesterday I didn't eat much of anything.
I had a couple of Schneider's weenies and I had what else to have?
Some cheese some some really good age cheddar cheese, you know,
age is about a hundred years.
God, it was good.
And don't start giving me the crap about the cheese again.
All right, just because I don't drink milk doesn't mean I can't like it.
It's not that you don't drink milk.
You can dem it.
I think it's horrible.
You say it's healthy.
It's bad for you.
It is rusted finger up in the ear and says no other animal drinks the milk of another animal.
That's right.
But you do.
No, I do not drink my cheese.
Whatever I drink my ice cream.
I don't want to melt down too much.
Ever new can a kind of ice cream and you knew it so much.
It's almost like you have to put it on it.
Yeah.
Not good.
88 seconds is the perfect time.
OK, for a pint of frozen hog and dogs or Ben and Jerry's.
I got I got to make an admission and then this is bad as they as the number one promoter of
hog of Ben and Jerry's fish food and if somebody that always says hog and
does is to watery.
I tell you one of the things in life that's really sweet in the middle of the summer like in June or July.
August is sitting on the Kudan in Berlin.
There's a big hog and dog shop there and they got all these little chairs.
You know, the umbrella thing outside.
We can sit there and enjoy your ice cream.
Maybe look a little bit and just do your people watching there on the Kudan.
Oh my God.
When that lady called earlier and asked me my favorite city in the university.
You know, maybe there's one better cities, but of all the ones I've ever visited.
Berlin.
It's got everything you possibly want.
Beautiful people, friendly people.
All the people under the age of 40 for example are not Nazis.
The older ones like you know, they're still goose stepping around, but in lots to see good food.
All kinds of good food.
Good.
But since I came back early, I could tell my, see was the wrong time of the year.
You don't want to go almost anywhere in Europe in the winter time.
It's dank and depressing and you can kind of a sour mood.
You know, I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh, if I had any brains, I would have stayed another four days and had me a wonderful wild time.
And you can't have a wonderful wild time in Berlin.
Each being on Berlin or trust me.
I'm telling you.
Sitting there on the Kudan, the Kuh first in Dham.
And let me recommend enthusiastically, by the way, if any of you people are going to be traveling.
Because right now is probably the time of the year, including me.
I'm starting to make plans for like my April vacation.
And Georgia, some more, you try to screw up my vacation.
Yeah.
Just just let me put it to this way.
Without paying which boss which I never do.
As you know,
based on recent events in my life, my trips now are written in granite.
Okay.
Because I also have to coordinate with trips that I'm making down there.
Yeah.
I'm the trips to Europa and vacations and things like that.
So don't be messing with my calendar, man.
I had no intention.
Don't be messing with my calendar because he's trying to tell me this morning.
He says, when you go on vacation, I give him the date and they probably said,
Oh, that's when I'm going on my vacation.
Of course, I'm always the old son.
He always willing to change because I always accommodate everybody.
For years, you've taken your vacation just accidentally and coincidentally during the only time that school
happens to be out when I could be able to go somewhere.
And I never say anything about it, but this year I asked first when you were in the
vacation.
No, it turns out not, but then you said you said first week of April and I had a heart attack because that's because I asked you about it.
I did not say that at all.
I gave you the date what I'm going all I got hurt it, but he's going to be because he's scared to death.
No, actually, I do believe George was correct on this one at first.
He said the first week and then I changed it when I gave you the date after I looked and I gave you the date.
I got a heart attack when you said the first week.
Would you just be a little more stress-free just like me can't you relax wanted to take a lesson from the old man?
I'm stress-free.
Your hair free. That's about it.
Listen, it's not that it's just the way it is.
Okay, recent events in my life, including that whole Jacob episode of Maybe Into A.
But now everything is wonderful.
Everything is hunky-dory as these just in the make a least one Jim Dory play defense.
Why should we like to say that it taken a shower with him?
Jim Dory number eight.
Oh, he was great.
That's for you, Jimmy.
No, look too good anymore though.
Now, can I get back to my story before you go on with this whole thing about my vacation dates?
What was I talking about about going to Europe?
Oh, in the winter time is not the time to go.
I was going to give a little advice to the people out there.
If you're going to start planning your European vacations or wherever, I mean,
you know, I don't know the weather in Latin America.
I have no idea. Isn't it different?
Like our summertime, there are countries in South America that having winter time.
That's correct.
So I don't know because the only time I spent in Latin America was those two days in Caracas
and I wouldn't go.
And it wasn't really even two days.
It was one day and part of another one.
Yeah, too.
I wouldn't go back there.
I mean, it's like it's like getting lost in a sea of cockroaches, man.
There was just nothing but wall to wall massive numbers of people
and those little huts up there in Las Montañas.
And the caregiver gave me the whole story about how at nighttime, you know,
all the banditos come down in downtown and they rob and pillage and rape and loot and all of these.
All of these things, etc.
It was kind of a scary place.
Caracas and especially when you go to the airport, it was like a pair of military operation.
They're all standing with it.
Oozies on their shoulders and just very hostile looking all a military outfits, hostile.
And I thought to myself, I'm going to get out of here while I'm still alive.
And I did.
But anyway, in my point being that the great time for Europe is like April through October.
All right.
I just tell you that's when you plan your next vacation.
That's right.
I mean, time, summertime and early fall.
October like when was it was a junior July last year, the World Cup and Berlin.
Yes, goodly.
I don't know. I'm trying to think what was it was.
It should be a date that I would mark on my tombstone.
This is a date that this man will never forget as long as he lives.
But anyway,
see, I'm getting too old to even think about that.
That memories of that trip last summer.
I doubt it means.
I'm going to be taking God's name and the name and get classified women as well.
I would even mention that.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome, bitch.
Anyway, I don't want to say that.
1200 troubles on the pool.
What we shoot for 13 was Chris.
I said 1250.
I think I'm going to be right on it, man.
I'm going to be spot on.
Is the British say a lot of the British say that because they're constipated.
Oh, you're spot on.
God, too much of that tea or something.
We're going to be drinking that tea that's just a pretty tea.
Maybe it's the crumpets or the bad food.
Yeah, I think lump it with the crumpets.
That can't complain about British cuisine because there isn't any.
Speaking of that, Paul,
and this is only by accident.
I said, wait, and this and I had no idea that I was holding this in my hand or the story either.
Of course, in my case, it's easy to forget that you're holding it in your hand.
Authorities are considering taking an eight year old boy who weighs 218 pounds.
And I'm going to tell you they had that thing we both saw it on CNN this morning.
Yeah,
he could pass for 500 pounds easy.
He is just a ball of fat.
Just a big ball of fat.
You can relate to that.
I'm sure a Chris.
Huh?
An eight year old boy who weighs 218 pounds in a protective custody,
unless his mother improves his diet and they showed him shoveling,
shoveling,
fried chicken down his throat.
He just shoving it in there like he was an eating machine.
Talk about looking for a good machine.
This was an eating machine.
I'm just shoveling down his push.
Social service officials will meet with family members today to discuss the health of
Conor McCreedy who weighs more than three times the average for his age.
The worst case would be counter-getting taken into care is well cared for the boy's mother.
Nicola McHughan told ITV TV.
I spoke to him for health officials in wall set north high inside.
300 miles north of London said the hearing was part of a process that could eventually lead to
Conor being taken into protective care.
She declined to comment further.
Maybe they're trying to kill him with food.
I know people who do things like that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
What is it called?
I just just I just checked in to see what condition my condition was in.
No, it isn't. Is that it?
Something like that by the by Kenny Rogers in the first edition.
I'm really lucky.
I know one condition.
68.
I'm thinking 69 68 something like that.
What a memory.
Just dropped it.
Just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in and I went.
Oh, okay.
And unidentified.
Oh, man, I all of a sudden I'm I'm grepsing here like that girl.
It's got the heat cups for the last couple of weeks.
She was on the other day too.
Well, I've the same time that you grepsed.
I farted so good.
Oh, man, I wonder which one smells better.
Sweet.
Not and unidentified.
Oh, they smell just the same.
And I have you wait methane.
Oh, God, unidentified health officials quoted time the Sunday times and taking custody.
It kind of would be the last resort.
What said the family had repeatedly failed to attend appointments with nurses,
nutritionists and social workers.
Maybe they could all meet for lunch.
Yeah, they could meet for a few meals.
Child abuse is not just about hitting your children.
It's actually abusing them. It's also about neglect.
The official was quoted as saying.
Dr. Colin Wayne, director of the National obesity form in Nottingham.
Wasn't that what was the sheriff of Nottingham and Robin in the hood?
That's right.
Wow, what a memory.
Called Conor's lifestyle extremely dangerous.
Adding he's at risk of developing diabetes in his early teens and cardiovascular
nervous system problems in his 20s.
He's really at risk of dying by the time he's.
Third man Wayne said.
Dr. Michael Markowitz, a pediatrician who sounds awfully Jewish to me agreed.
I'm not saying they can't care for him, but what they're doing is
through the way they're treating him and feeding him.
They're slowly killing him.
He said they're killing him over there.
I'm dying on the hands.
Pudgy piece of turd.
All right, should we blame him?
Should we blame the parents?
Yes.
How do parents allow their kids to become?
And I like to see the parents too.
Well, they're irresponsible and evil and fat.
Yes.
Well, the Thomas case attracted national attention after his mother allowed the ITV news
crew to film his day-to-day life over the course of his month.
Conor's mother said he steals and hides food, frustrating her efforts to help him.
He eats double or triple but a normal seven-year-old would have, she said.
If I didn't give enough at T-time, then he would just go on and do all night for snacks and stuff.
She told ITV.
She gives him enough at T-time.
I'll follow you guys again and I'll for T-time.
Conor who lives with his mother and sister as difficulty dressing and watching you told ITV.
She gives him enough at T-time.
I'll follow you guys again and I'll for T-time.
Conor who lives with his mother and sister as difficulty dressing and washing himself.
Mrs. School regular because of poor health and is targeted by bullies.
I can't imagine that.
People pick on us because of my weight.
They call us fat.
It makes us feel sick of the nutters always shouting us.
Us?
People pick on us because of my weight.
I guess when you're that big you can be us, huh?
He's talking about the quality.
Maybe he's royalty in a royalty in England.
No, he's talking about the collective him.
I say.
It makes us feel sick of the nutters always shouting and I see told it.
The nutters.
Oh no.
I hate those things.
Remember the nutters?
I remember the butter nutters.
You know another butter.
How come it is that dark folks like butter, butter, pecan ice cream so much?
I didn't know that they did.
They do.
Black people have butter, pecan ice cream.
I have a lot of black friends and they're always ordering it.
No, that's just something I made up.
I've heard that.
I've heard that since I was a little child, you know?
For her.
1217 roasts.
Maybe we'll have some black people send in a message or two.
Maybe they'll call in and tell us why they like banana.
Or butter.
What is it butter, pecan?
Okay.
How about banana cream pie?
Mmm.
See what I'm waiting for man is that peel.
I'm waiting for the peel just like my landlord in Sarasota.
The one in the city would never die because they'd have the cure before he got that old.
And I always been dead for many, many, many years.
Same thing.
And I'm waiting for the peel that you take before you eat and no matter.
It's like those phony carb blockers they had for a while that was really big.
And of course it didn't block anything.
The carb blockers.
Yeah.
I want a food blocker.
Something that just, you know, no matter what you eat, no matter how much of it you eat.
It's just you don't get the calories.
You don't get the carbs.
And it just kind of like goes right through you so to speak.
As long as you stay close to home, you know what I'm talking about?
What do you don't absorb anything?
And then see that's bad.
I hate to admit being a pig.
But I'm a, I'm a glutton man.
I'm a glutton for punishment.
Look at this station.
1224 votes by the way.
We got 1250.
Look Chris told you.
That's what I said 1250 from the beginning.
But blow it out like an eye.
I could like I could eat a whole banana cream pie or chocolate cream pie.
Mmm.
See, I really, not that I do those things, although I have told you some,
I've admitted on the air to having some like ice cream episodes.
Yeah.
They were just obnoxious like a half a gallon.
I have eaten a half a gallon by screaming.
I'm sure.
Like score score ice cream.
That's how much I like it.
Put in that microwave you nuked a little bit.
Oh.
And then when it gets soft, you're eating so much of it and you even realize it because it's not like hard work.
You know, like eating hard ice cream.
It's soft and it goes down easy.
No comment.
How did I get started on this with the food?
I think it was a brand insolvent that Chinese with a pf Chang's or whatever it is.
Look, the menu looks really sensational.
And then that pizza joint in there inside the gallery or that gourmet pizza place.
I have no idea what it's called, but I bet you if you googled the gallery or the restaurants you'd find out.
It looks it's huge.
It's just a huge place.
You know, gigantic huge.
Is it huge?
It's huge.
It's big and the restaurant too for a lot of my junior honey.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum the rest.
Let's go.
Bum bum bum bum bum the rest.
Say.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
We're up with the graphics.
Time to get in.
Bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
We lose the rest away.
You reach all the age.
And write that smile of the camel.
The game is from the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum bum the rest.
We're up with the graphics.
Time to get in.
Bum bum the rest.
Bum bum bum the rest.
Give them what they want.
Leave it, Reese's father.
Send them up to be with Google Play.
We know love on the rest.
Body and heads characterized by a body.
Bum bum bum the rest.
We're up with the graphics.
Time to get in.
Bum bum bum bum bum the rest.
Bum bum the rest.
Bum bee-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
Bum me from the rest.
Bum she-e-e-e-e-e-e-e.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
It's best that I go day.
But they're boxer bibles.
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
I
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, uh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, uh lie. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh hey. oh ha ha-they died
oh-oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ah, ah, ah, ah later, oh, oh, ah, ah, ah, but I'm not там Councillor Volkov my address will drop Deia��가
oh now you know it shall drop my address oh, okay then I won't see you here . hateI thought
I mean I would enjoy the fact that he's alive or that he did that but I just enjoy hearing it once in a while
It's been realized how much same Orion than some people not too many
But I still have a little bit of my sanity left even despite a normal kind you see what I have to contend with
I'm glad that I read that all on the year
He didn't do that with any he didn't communicate with me about it and that
He just out there listening because he's got too much time on his hands normal and so she all of a sudden starts bugging Joe Bell and
How come you're not doing this and how right you know like I didn't make any call to normal can't I don't want to get involved
You know he creates crises he creates negativity. I don't want to add all this external negativity in my life, okay?
You follow what I'm saying what he says screw him
Nor am I cut the crap okay and all that did about promotion now
What are you doing quit trying to be a big shot? Okay trying to show off everybody who's ever been on the year for five minutes
Or more syndicated on 800 stations at least and I'm sitting here on a station that can't even get the internet working and
Yo making a couple of bucks. I have no complaints. I everything is fine
Like I've said he George yours and I'm in a place in the gallery. Thanks Brandon. He's really food intensive today
He must know that place
Now he probably looked it up
Piazzini, George, yo and it looks phenomenal. I mean I have no idea whether it's good or not and they know we could take some calls
Maybe we'd find out or not
238 votes on the pool. I won't vote for a presidential candidate who is a member of the Bush family
759.61.3% of all the votes don't want no more Bush the genocide
See how president pushed off the genocide now. I said I like that get that spot him again a hundred times this hour
I have no prejudices against anyone who runs on red 11
Boy talk about draw the mind a 9% of the audience. Well, there's Jake Gyllenhaal
Now is he doing it in the attempt out there again in the woods or what I like to get on
So yeah, he's alright epic
He was in was it gremlins he was in oh that was that Gilligan
I got a rise all these punks confused what was he in before broke a broke ass mounting
Jake Gyllenhaal he was done. He done he dark. Oh, that was it. Okay, that's enough other things
But done in dark was pretty good only the ending he dies by the way. Oh, sorry
I won't vote for presidential candidate who's a Republican 105 good thinking black 40 woman 36
That kind of like neuters itself out when it doubt neutered out
I hate this poll 35 only 2.8% good poll nice job. Thank you. Uh Charlie B a
Jew 34 gay 32. How about a gay Jew? I'm running
Mormon 23 his fanics 17 illiterate 15 kind of like our current president
Yeah, he sends me nuclear
An atheist 10 obese a nine a smoker eight a past drug user three and physically disabled out of 1241 votes only one
Solamente uno sold tanto uno
Let's get really linguistic on the show. What do you say? Yeah?
I don't know what it is, but I think it's a normal can I'm gonna be running to the room and I'm in during this next break
Wow, what's that all about really yeah choices calling
What are you laughing about I'm just telling you man. It's one it's one of those days
I don't know what it is maybe it's kind of like overflow. I have no idea what's going on in my
Your full of it. I know it's easy. Well, I think I might actually take the break early. How do you like that?
What's richer? Minds me my mother. All right everybody. This is a special song for all of us
Our ends of our song now go to the cupboard and grab a bag
I have of the rios in that sense of fun
You know
God's no reason to
Fat people got no reason to
Fat people got no reason to feel guilty
We've got shabby hands big bad eyes
Very very barely sagging way past our pies to the three of jins
Shakes the ten rows. We have to take a picture just you look at our toes
No
Callery
No
Free for me
People
And people round here
There's all kinds of diets we try almost everyone
I build a square to pat out in other words you get the rubs
We try it almost everyone
I build a square to pat out in other words you get the rubs
We say this time we mean it we're gonna lose the weight
Now pass that deep fried chicken on some of my diets of my own today's weight you make
Fat people got no reason to
Fat people got no reason to
Fat people got no reasons to feel guilty
We've got food on our mind in a second of the day
Another ponderosa's like a damn out of day
Really big cause with a seat bent way back
A plow full of rubs was from a big mack of tag
We know to be jolly all was drink with a joke
We say we gain the weight because we no longer smoke
Don't want no sin fast around here
Don't want no lie
Loss around here
Don't want no time as any when around here
I just know reaching in to do what the skinny people can do
It's my every old baby get out of here
My lover
While you people are working out feeling all unhappy
I lose the real
I'm happy in my life
Well I'm happy for it. Okay, give on
14460 goes through you'll never believe this you'll never guess how many trips
Since I last spoke on this radio station
How many trips I made two three wow
three
That's uh something staggering it was something all right
I beg your pardon I said I bet you're staggering. I am staggering. I'm sitting here like uh
My eyes are like one around like a pinball machine. Probably come on steam pop
Well, that's one of those things, you know, I think yeah
I think it's probably all the garbage that I ate the Sunday all that candy that I was eating down there on it whatever
Who knows
Provider or maybe it was all that food talk, you know, that could have done too in fact. I don't think I'm even close to being done
Here's your not not yet
Exactly 252 votes. We got our 1250 Chris aren't you proud? Yeah, that's what that 1250. Okay
Might be taking that next break a little bit early too when you come right down to it. How's that possible?
Where did this come from? I think it's more of a can't induce this is what I think
I could be wrong. Maybe I'm on the way out
To wait and it be something if I couldn't huh to where
Tell me you think you're having your your death movement now. Oh, no, it's no that believe me
That's gonna be a lot worse than this I think
This nature takes its course nothing I can do about it nothing sub-rosa about it nothing
Indition or obscene. It's just the life. I think the Lord plans it this way
He said this is a sadistic bastard the Lord is what he is
That's why some of us wake up in the morning and we look in the mirror and say oh geez
There's something ludicrous about the attempt by the US military in Iraq to persuade the world out to simple
But devastating roadside bomb or IED
Improvised explosive devices a highly developed weapon required Iranian expertise
Here's the official police report of one IED attack it reads it about 8.25 a.m
100 men of the ex-regiment with their colonel in charge marched with their band from military back
Verix at wide their rifle range by a fixed route when they got to place Z a land mine exploded killing three outright and wounding 22 others
Three of these died shortly afterward the mine was connected to an electric battery about about 150 yards of cable
It was believed that there were only two men involved in carrying out this outrage
This is fairly typical of a roadside bomb. It might have happened in Iraq yesterday except it didn't
The IED inquestness floated in the town of Yughal in County cork
On June 21st 1921 England. I happen to have read the world Irish constabulary about the England
Ireland same difference
I happen to have read the world Irish constabulary report on this and because I was born 29 years later about two miles away from the site
IEDs have not changed much in the decades it followed
They've been used everywhere from cyclists to Vietnam. They're cheap and easy to make and they can be detonated by single person
They came as a nasty shock to the incoming US soldiers who invaded Iraq in 2003 because they were so well equipped to fight the Soviet army
American military procurement long ago detests itself from real conditions on the battlefield
In early 2004 I met some US combat engineers or sappers
charged with a lethal job of finding these bombs which were nicknamed convoy killers
Because the Pentagon was in a state of denial about their very existence
The sappers had received no training in locating them a sergeant told me that he obtained with great difficulty in old
But still valid US Army handbook printed during the Vietnam war about IEDs
The book had been re-usured because to do so might appear to contradict the Pentagon's line that Iraq was not like Vietnam
The US Army's pretending that explosively formed penetrators are a new form of weapon that could only have been obtained in Iran
It claimed last week that the so-called EFPs have been supplied to these
They were doing each other and doing the sheep. They were doing anything that was a warm, you know
Wasn't a sexy and it wasn't a love scene was a rape scene. Oh, they're Susan
And this is what I think I'm having is my own body back or whether to have a willing to discuss this further
Kira will keep you posted. All right. Well, thanks a lot Susan. That's my good lady friend right there in front of the district court of appeals and Broward
554 votes on the pool
One is is that Jose Padella or he used to be Jose Padea?
The ability as he supposedly learned and al-Qaeda training manual hearing underway in Miami will determine whether Padea and two
co-defendants are all the ones that say that he's faking mebule incompetent. What about our president? You think he's faking mebule incompetence?
I don't think he has to act
Act natural like the Beatles said act naturally is what they said that the Beatles is Ed Sullivan would say the Beatles
Well, the good part of it is that everything seems to be calm and cool and collected you have to about any emergency
Take over here the last couple of minutes and when what's the story technical here?
I don't want to start bringing that up again about what about this internet thing are we working fine?
We've had by the way 132 dropouts. No, we haven't yes, we have no we have
On our streaming. Let me say it again
132 is what it says everything's working fine
Oh
132 and it was 29 for a very long time and it kind of calmed down like my stomach and all of a sudden just like my stomach it's just
Spastic like that
Spastic
Or can you smell it?
Erad news for a man my don't stink. How do you like that? That's a lot of what you talk about a lie. Woo
man
132 dropouts
The thing over here is is dead is a door nail all the way you know
It's still got to blank boxes. There were no dots in and no clock
And what did you say to me they're working on it? Is that what you said everything's fixed. What are you talking about?
254 so I think 1250 was a pretty good guess course
I think you know we hit the jackpot yeah, I nailed it we had a simultaneous
angiogram or whatever that is I won't vote for a presidential candidate who's a member of the Bush family
757 61% no mass with the Bushes who would be the president what is that? Do you get it?
No, I guess it depends on what they're smoking a past drug user three or physically disabled still
Solemente uno
Great
Look
Now
Shed push, not a bad shins me,
Wobbing push, you'll be rich in fat
And smells just like the magic sauce
I'll think that
What for a voice we've got those owners from
I ain't not a bad game with
Money fell tonight
