Friday you first is
Of some evening
145 for you and basketball more punishment
Radiance is 11th through the athlete
All right
Yes, you are
Just in transit 11th through the
Straight to the studios
The country kiss
When you listen to WIOD
That shows the day time are better
You never know we'd find a way
That they are from only
The sports and all you know
It's always like
Old bird and sunny version
Josie
I don't know by now
No one gives a crap about any of that
It's a talent that brings you all money
And if that's all there's on it now
The talent is reason out
Everybody is they screwed up and out
Ah!
You ain't making such a weapon listenin' for
The baby never be better
But all you'll ever see on it
You'll be on the delmoid
It's the coast or the sports or the weather
It's always ankle-foreign sunny version
Josie
I don't know by now
No one ever listens to that other crap
It's a talent that keeps the place running
And it's all worth it
One moment please
See on CNN, Pompano Beach
Just told us that this person was able to get a
Ricky Tiki sass in
The jury of the place
Police may have voted suspect in the word
Playshooting in Pompano Beach
The specifics about this case
It's the Florida Builders Appliances
It's right there on Atlantic Boulevard
In Pompano Beach for those of you familiar with this area
Here in South Florida
And the report to the police that
The man walked in and then just opened fire
One can do the thing
Reportedly by police has been shot
And we just spoke with some fire rescue officials
They're on the scene and they're telling us that she is not doing well at all
Almost hinting that this is a
Franky Pintangely with the addition that she's more at this point
The suspect then took off
No, no
The police got here for four days
Still on the model
Franky and took off
Before police got there
So they immediately put out a vote
Well there's rich satsya as on CNN
Ah, blah blah blah blah blah
Doing this usual hyperventilating thing
Some are shooting it on Atlantic
Where do you say?
I wasn't paying much attention
Suspects in the workplace shooting in Pompano Beach, Nolas
Crazy people with guns baby
And the American effort way don't ever fog out it
Ricky Tiki sass
Well that's enough
That's not a very good start for my day here in his voice
You know, but nevertheless
What a treat
It is a great day
It's a fantastic day
145 hurricane warm-up
And you know what I want to tell you
Jersey Gaki sucks, okay?
You know I did come in
I did come in here to do a little stuff, a little work
And I turned out about 30 seconds
About 30, man
From his broadcast yesterday in the
Keynes basketball game
Which they won, big upset
How about that?
That's why they're playing again today
And he's just
Scary, he really is scary
It was just one of those
I don't know, I can't even emulate
You've got a lot of
What, big apartment?
Well you yawning just now
Yes, I was yawning
And you want to know why?
Jersey Gaki sucks, okay?
But hey, it's very important stuff
It's the Keynes in BC
Oh boy, Boston College in the
Atlantic, the Atlantic
How can it be Boston College?
They're in the ACC?
They move in ACC, have you
Oh that's what it used to be in there
The big Eastern Crap
Like that, that much of girls
Crackles anyway
And Tampa no less
What the hell are they doing playing in Tampa?
Are there any ACC teams in Tampa or anywhere near Tampa?
No
But nevertheless
So we got Hurricane's basketball 145
You don't have to get all
Surly about it, it's only 15 minutes
So we get, you know
Little reprie 15 minutes
Not big deal
Not there
I got an email from Clarice about it last night
He said, oh yeah, we need less Clarice and more Neal on there
I said that's for damn sure you're quizzling
You cycled in Clarice
You're fair
That's what I was thinking
But at any rate
And I guess he made sure because I got an email from you, the clearance told you
And like this was a major development, you know, the fact that we're getting off a 145 instead of two o'clock
What's the big stimulus with an email from you, the clearance told you
And like this was a major development, you know, the fact that we're getting off a 145 instead of two o'clock
What's the big stimulus with that?
What's the big deal with that?
You know, it's a whole day
It does what?
We're going to adjust our whole day
Yeah, we're just
I'm talking, it's 11.05 now, I'm on daylight time already
I like to be, it's called the Neal Rogers Head Start program
I want to get a head start on daylight time
When you go to bed tomorrow night, I know it's very confusing to some very dumb people
Okay, to those of us who are IQ larger than our thumbnail, it's not all that difficult
It's very simple
But for some it's Muidi Fisi, okay?
When you go to bed tomorrow night Saturday
Tomorrow Saturday, last time I checked
My utility
Turn all the clocks, you watch your clocks, your bedroom clock, your living room clock, all of these things
Turn it ahead one hour
So if you go to bed at 11 o'clock, it'll be midnight
Wow, and you don't have to stay up, I know this is the truth
I know it sounds really stupid to you
It's funny because it's true
But because of the fact that officially you set the clock at a two o'clock in the morning, Sunday morning
Saturday night, Sunday morning
There are people who will either stay up or set the alarm and wake up at two o'clock
And then say that is though the time police are watching you
Oh, we don't want to set it ahead until it's official until it's kosher
As they say
Oh, in the negative desert, they say it's kosher
Kosher for forum, forum's all over with and I didn't get any home entosional
It's probably just as well
Get up
How we do on that poll yesterday?
I don't know, this poll yesterday was 1418 votes, it was okay
I probably shouldn't send it because whoever sent it will probably not send us another one if I...
Oh, it was great like I said, it was my favorite poll all time, at least for yesterday
What do you miss most about your youth?
Well, what about the people out there who are already in their youth?
What about them? Are they like a chopped liver or something? What about them?
I guess they... maybe they laid out on this one
Maybe they were the ones that voted for I hate this poll
It could be
Sex was young people my own age 266
See, I can't relate to that because I was in the closet until I was 30
I mean I had plenty of desires there when I was that age
But just, you know, can't turn the clock back
You can turn it ahead one hour for daylight time
And you can only turn it back when we go back to a standard time
And the reason it is important, a big deal about reminding about the daylight time is because this is the first year they had the New Deal, you know?
Right
And this New Deal is... oh there are rich Sanchez on camera, but it's enough to make me start gagging
Oh, uh oh!
Back on standard tapes
Oh boy
I beg your pardon?
I put it back on the status-shops
The cleavage?
Anyway, so daylight time used to be in April, I think like the second Sunday
I don't remember what the hell it was the last Sunday it was much about a month later
So they moved it up this year, which is a good idea, because from my money we should be on daylight time all year
I don't like when it gets darker early, you know, it's depressing.
Mm-hmm.
It gets to be like a quarter to five and you look outside and it's pitch black.
It's like 11 o'clock at night.
And you're thinking, what that?
What that be, you know?
Anyway, what did you miss most about your youth?
Sex with young people on age 266.
Being irresponsible had no real consequences, 237.
Well, I never was irresponsible.
I want to live my youth all over again.
I want to have another chance.
Like, can I have it?
No.
No chance, please.
My body, 208.
Yeah, this body is not, this body ain't cutting it, you know,
Pudge.
When you start that exercise regimen, you're talking about it.
No, that's right.
When Sean gets me going on my exercise regimen.
So you never got that email from Chris.
No, really.
See, let me just interrupt the reading of this, my will.
I mean, the reading of my life.
Well, see, people do stuff on that my space
in a lot of these other sites.
And in the beginning, you know, how suspicious I am after the Jacob and a
Ha, Ethan and all that.
Because there's some crazy people out there not to mention any names.
Crazy people have a desire, you know, you bet.
Messed with my life.
And so Chris, if you're in the beginning, I was like a little bit of real.
Because when a guy put you, now I'm sure you saw the picture, right?
I did.
When a guy puts a picture of himself on there, like basically naked from the
waist up and trying to like show off his pecs and schmeck and whatever else he's got.
That always makes me a little suspicious anyway.
Because most people don't do that.
But I saw in the beginning, it was like, oh, well, you don't believe me.
I'll just go away and disappear.
And I'm a big fan about about.
And we had like a couple of days of that back and forth.
And no, not a problem.
I'll give you the benefit of that.
We'll see if you're like a real person living in breathing the semi last name.
And all of that, which, you know, doesn't prove anything.
But.
And so we've been having as much communication just for the hell of it.
You know, just for fun.
And then yesterday he comes up with this thing where he's going to send his
is one of his lady friends from South Florida and they're with food for you guys.
And was just dying to get in touch with George and Chris.
And so I said, well, I didn't know.
And the thing was you remember at the end of the show, right?
Email George.
His thing is right there on our front of a main page.
Like your mind space.
The top friend or the second one.
And there you go.
And you never got nothing.
Are you sure?
Did you check in there?
Are you just making the stuff?
Look at that right now.
Look at my inbox.
You're looking at it.
That's unfortunate.
And you got nothing?
That's the thing.
Come on, Chris.
Let's put off our shut up time.
And then he writes to me, yes, they have to know what it was.
It's going to take you to get on your top friends list.
What it would take would be emailing George and telling him like, either there is some
of the hot young ladies going to bring in lunch just for the hell of it or it's just
all a pile of crap.
Something.
Something would be good.
Chris.
Anyway, we all music, I remember when there was real music like in the 50s and 60s and 70s.
In fact, you know, something because we got the basketball game coming up.
And it is Friday, right?
And tomorrow's would buy in Saturdays.
You know, I'm going to tell you something and I know you're not going to believe this.
But if that place continues, um, stealing my money, the way they've been doing lately,
I mean, they're just ain't nobody winning nothing around.
You know, it's one thing if everybody else didn't jackpots you just getting bad luck going
through a bad streak and you're getting bad machines, man.
That's one thing.
But when they're just back in this highway or everything, I may give it up like for,
you know, a day or two.
There is nothing like having a short fat fan.
You know who that describes?
The beast.
He's got a short fat fan.
And then of course there's always Larry Williams and, uh, Tony Wong.
What is he doing?
I don't know.
Whatever it is, I don't think George's from here.
I got a girl named Tony LeBron.
Oh, right.
Anyway, I just, I just, I just few bit of stuff up just for the whole thing.
Okay, get back to the pool.
What do you miss most about your youth?
Real music, 124.
Light light like, like that.
Being single 92, my hair 91.
American Americans were mostly liked all over the world 70.
Oh, remember those days BW before, uh, W.
BB before Bush.
My stamina 62 being ignorant as an ignorance is bliss or being kind of oblivious, you know,
just being interested in selfish things like, uh, you know, satisfying my own lust.
Sounds good to me, even in my advanced stage.
62.
I hate this pool of 59 only 4.1%.
That's not too bad because it's not a very good pool to be honest with you.
I think it sucks.
Being in school actually learning something 40, real radio 40, oh, I miss, you know,
something one of these days I'm going to go back into radio before I croak, you know.
That's one of the few goals I have in life is to go back into radio because I'm sure I didn't know.
I'll say that.
Segregation 36, that's an ugly, why do we even allow that to be honest?
I didn't make this pool.
Whoever sent it in had honest.
36 people miss segregation.
You racist.
Oh, so anyway, the guy with a, not the guy with a swastika, but the guy with Billy Bob,
the Confederate flag, the rebel flag.
Oh, it just bugging me.
Oh, come on, why don't you put up here?
And so I made him a friend under this one.
We got a $159, by the way.
What the hell?
The old geezer wrestler guy?
I don't know.
Whatever.
Nothing wrong with it.
A rebel flag and what's wrong with you?
And come on, put up our shout-out time, Neil.
And so I said, okay, then what do I do here?
Fly out of the traitor, loser.
Fly out of the traitor, fly out of the traitor.
That's your business.
Or I give a crap.
$159 to the next one, the next friend we get on my space like maybe during the show
they will be $1,260.
Almost Chris, of course, so disappears.
Come on, Chris, what's the story with their Georgia's?
I see, I don't understand why those things happen.
Maybe he just forgot to think so.
Maybe he's waiting to make the arrangements before he writes.
See, that's something about you to give people the benefit of that.
I do a little more patience.
Just a little more patience than that.
I have no patience.
The cold war, at least we knew who the enemy was, 19.
And real newspapers, 12.
Of course in South Florida, whenever we had the Miami news,
remember I had to kept the harness racist for the Miami news 100 years ago.
In fact, one night I picked eight winners on the card.
Boy, that was pretty good, and of course, you know, one of those things.
Never had a real newspaper in South Florida.
How about the Hollywood sun tattered?
Now there was a paper.
Oh, there was a paper.
1013 at 560 WQM, we've got Hurricanes warm up, 145.
Canes in BC, the ACC Tourney in Tampa at the two o'clock.
Followed by the Hank Goldberg show,
opening tip with Dimbo Coles at Cafe Iguana at 7.
And then you got the 730 to 11 at the end of the year at Cafe Iguana.
So at the end of the year, I said,
at the end of the year, even though he got pushed out,
he's on more now, I think, than he was before.
At least while people are still awake, which is good.
Stance of power, manure, covers over this performance by the golfers.
I'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone.
I just left rehab again.
You can't make me sad, though I have a problem.
I'm crazy, you think I drink too much.
I party all night until I throw up.
Now I've lost more than my hair.
Lost my sense of reality.
I'm crazy, crazy, just.
Let me have again.
I don't need their help.
My name's not no hand.
I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have a problem.
More than just being dumb.
It's called insanity.
Just let me have again.
I need more that too.
Because I love the pain.
I'm crazy, crazy, you think I have a problem.
More than just being dumb.
It's called insanity.
You're a crazy person, Brittany, and nobody cares no more.
Okay, especially with that shave, hey, man.
She was really gruesome.
Oh, not a good head on her.
Anyway, let's take over the poll.
Although first, Billy sends an interesting fact.
He says, what I miss most about my youth is being able to pee and poop in my diapers.
I guess I'll have to wait till I'm your age to do that again.
You're right, Billy.
Well, at least part of that anyway.
And then she's seeded parted.
Well, actually, my bodily function's a distance asian for those who are keeping track.
Everything is a-okay in every respect.
My brain is functioning very well last couple of days.
Everything is just as fine as G.I.Y.
What's that poll today?
If America really does go bankrupt in the year 2030, 20-
About 30, man.
And then there's all these choices on there.
What do we got?
876.
No sweat on the thousand of day crisp by the way can breathe easy.
Okay, just take a deep breath.
We'll do.
Now, what are we going to do with that little Richard drop in?
We got that ready?
You got that cranked up?
Wait a minute.
Yeah.
Look out, look out!
Now, see, I fed that to you and I never had it myself.
I got the whole spot, but I don't have that.
I got-
Oh, well, and he's basic as a real guy.
I got a customer.
Not a paid celebrity.
So to help tell her story, we hired a celebrity.
Who is Thanksgiving night when I accidentally hit a deer?
Whoa, look out, look out!
I caught Gaito expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me.
Help me!
Somebody!
Gaito got my claim in the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving.
Not now.
It's the rave!
It's the rave!
It's the rave!
And I turned it all out, whoa!
Gaito, Gaito, yeah.
Okay, let's take it into this poll.
If America really does go bankrupt in the year 2030, I'll tell my grandkids it was all
a W's fault, 177.
I'll probably be dead by then.
That was my vote, 174.
Well, 2030 is 23 years ago, so let's see, 23 and 64, I'd be 87.
I don't know, what you think?
But diapers? Oh, definitely have diapers. Now which one of my good friends out there is going to be pushing my chair around at that time?
You see that? Then I'll find out who my real post right are, who's going to be pushing me around emptying my bag, doing all those very sanitary things. Oh boy.
When you need someone to change your diapers, that's when you're going to find out who your real friends are.
Like I said, I'll probably be dead by then. 174. I'm out of here. Hello Canada says 115. Kind of like Foster Hewitt. Hello Canada hockey fans in the United States and a special hold on to all of you who are Canadian servicemen overseas.
That's what Foster would say. He's really over his grave because the Leafs suck and lost to Ottawa 51 last night.
Panthers want against a terrible Philadelphia team. They squeaked on by nobody cares. Hello Canada 115.
I got my jacket that I mentioned at this morning. I got my jacket finally after all these days.
I've said that the pony must have been really slow. It took a week and a half. But it did show up here John. My jacket's here. Hallelujah.
You know, he made it. I don't know how he did it. It's a leather jacket, you know. I thought he was a leather I guess. But whatever it is.
It's like a jacket. And the box, what I went downstairs when they called me and opened the concierge and said there's a package here for it. I've seen it as what it was.
And it was like a little square box. The size like you put, I don't know like you're fisting. You know, I mean like I don't know.
And I thought to myself, man, I think I should have rolled up like into a little ball. Sure enough it did. My jacket's squashed it. He squashed it.
I still want my social security check. Damn it. 106. I better start learning Chinese now at 77 or turning Japanese.
I hate this pool 57. 644%. I was wrong with this pool. It's it's okay. It's one of Charlie B's 8,000 pools. Just disconnect me from my from my.
Chew open 47. Lane president Jenna Bush 29. That's cute. That's very cute. Guess I'll have to move into a cardboard box 24.
Well, I got a small one in the kitchen. I took my jacket on him. You can you can move in there. I ain't paying any more taxes to Uncle Sam 22.
How am I going to afford my nursing home 16? Now that's good. How can I afford to have an attended to empty the bag?
Al Gore will have made a documentary about it by then 15. Well still be able to, well I still be able to use my credit cards 15.
I'm moving to an underground bunker nine and I'll split my wrists. None. Well, that's good. Thank the Lord for that.
We don't have any people going to slip their wrists if the US goes bankrupt. So long as they got a couple of bucks. None.
Zero out of 800. I bet if I refresh it, we're getting close to 900. Chris.
I was you know 88. That's great. I always toss that crap to Chris about well how many is if you really care?
Do you really care? You can be a yes. No, you know, it makes my day better. You couldn't care less. Why not you?
Give us an honest answer. You don't care whether we get a thousand votes, five votes, 50 million votes.
What does it got to do with all you know is that you look oh and guess what else happened yesterday?
Yesterday was a what's that word they always use? What?
I don't like day watershed. I don't know what that would be a good one watershed. I don't know what that means.
It's another one of those things.
You should. I don't know watershed. Day of it was my brain like all of a sudden snap right into place.
I started I can see clearly now if you got that by Johnny Nash. I can so I literally know and the check show that paycheck of day or
I clearly thanks Joe. That's my buddy jolly. Joe. He knows that all I care about. Hey listen Joe.
Don't pay any attention to Norma. Can't listen to nothing that she says. Hey Norma. Do fairly because all I care about is the
check show off not just on time of the day or two early you know.
And the reason I need to show up at the air to early is because my bank sucks. There you go Johnny Nash.
My bank sucks and so as a result I have to deposit one check that they paid to me and then leave it in there for
hold it for a couple days then write my check to my sell hall all this crap but you know what it's well worth the wait.
It's well worth the wait. 26 past 10 at 560 WQAM man. 145 were bailed on you folks we got UN basketball
with clearance and the beast and. There's a guy to two.
Aren't you excited about that now I'm going to be happier for his 130 yesterday I worked out just fine as one I think 130.
Could be 12 games at two huh. And clearance just getting really clever there.
Oh you know now we're from now we got the trends coming in but I think we got this lick today easy.
I'm going to get my tongue all warmed up we got it licked.
Because yeah once we can spend just forever on the trends you know we can read every decimal point every number.
In fact when we get to the numbers for across the street there probably be a lot of point on a decimal point.
And then also like a 50 with that big man cow he's got like point one or something and below Bill O'Reilly with his radio show in the market.
It's got a point. Just like Norma can't did say that's one thing he said anything Steve Lapid touches turns to instant process.
He's got the minus touch and reverse it turns instant process that's it amazing.
It's Friday you best good morning Americans it's tall hard face stand by for news.
A wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening the woman of the house decided to give their buster
jeez the rest of the night off she said they would be home very late and that he should just enjoy his evening.
As it turned out however the wife was not having a good time at the party so she came home early alone.
Her husband had to stay behind as several of his important clients were attending.
As the woman walked into her house she saw jeez sitting by himself in the dining room she called for him to follow her
and let him into the master bedroom. She looked at him and smiled jeez she said take off my dress.
He did so carefully jeez she continued take off my stockings and garter jeez obeyed jeez she
said remove my bra and panties and he did this the tension continued to mount she then said jeez if
I ever catch you wearing my clothes again you're fired Paul Harvey. Good day good day here's the
fact that says hey Neil I want to be a real friend I'll change your diapers as long as them in your
prior proof required for a significant amount. I was speaking of which I checked your boyfriend Chris
on air and he's maybe he's sleeping in late and maybe he's got a class this morning or maybe he's
I don't know maybe he's hanging out on his head like Tom Dooley maybe somebody beat him up in an
alley somewhere he's not on there I mean he's excited there but he just is not the not with us.
Are you not getting skeptical are you? No I think the bottom line is you could cure less anyway I
have some hot young chick come in there some wait for whatever she is and serve you guys some really
fantastic chow and whatever but I don't know because I look at some of these deals with real with
four eyebrows ready after some of my experiences you know I mean well I mean there are real people
who like you know give you a name and a phone number and like actually meet you in a face to face
who are like real friends and then there are people who are like phantom who like give you a big
son of a dance and then if you like ask them well you are you like that's the thing that really
cracks me up when somebody says oh you you're doubting that I'm for real well gee you're so
skeptical that's the person be very where it's highly unlikely that they're for real but with
the person sending the four page facts again about why need stop man's shoes Pacers says that
Scott heard him permanently yeah who cares I don't who gives a crap okay whoever is wasting our
facts paper with that kind of Schfiner-Ry you better cut the crap okay better stop it right now
this story is just so typical the Reverend Francis Weenon was outraged in the fall of 2003
facing two parish audits by the diocese of Palm Beach one at St. Patrick in Palm Beach
Guards of the other St. Vincent Ferrer in Delray Beach he professed this belief to his bishops
that his integrity would be questioned he wrote to his bishop that priests pledged to live
if not a life of poverty one of modesty rewarded by serving the faithful right and by altering
boys but diocese's policy calls for a parish audit whenever there's a change in pastors and
Weenon had just left St. Patrick St. Patis after sixteen years to take over St. Vincent from his
close friend the Reverend John Skihan who was retiring after forty years diocese auditors were
eager to crack open the books they wanted to crack it open in the books too then I'm called on
Bishop Gerard Barberito knew who was supposed to abolish the diocese audit policy my reasons
for this request are as follows it's the meaning embarrassing and humiliating he said
it accomplishes nothing there couldn't be accomplished in more dignified fashion Weenon wrote
to Barberito in October 2003 Barberito that sounds like a name from the godfather
something none of them now I have to look at the reason important with timing Ross I don't want
come on like you know my father did business with timing Ross he respected him he thought
that the business would hide in love he'll father respect time across but you father never trust
in I'm in love I want to stay in messenger boy Johnny Ola my reasons for the request are as
follows he wrote it's the meaning embarrassing and humiliating it accomplishes nothing that
couldn't be accomplished in more dignified fashion he wrote to Barberito in October 2003 the money
spent on audit is a waste and should be spent will wisely he be writing he wrote that the sacrifice
of the commitment of priest are without parallel they devote their lives to the church and
with little thought for personal gain their generous charitable and compassionate they've earned
it as their trust at least until proven otherwise went on wrote may I be so crude as to ask you
to call off the dogs he wrote call off the dogs remember that scene in oh human what was that
that was my computer was not remember the scene in the old man yeah we're the photographer and
Gregory Peck and they're like going into the graveyard there and his wild dogs the whole and
credit there's a lot of dog stuff in that movie too remember the crazy evil made right well the
dog was the mother after all then that's right but Barberito was not persuaded independent out of
the same visit eventually uncovered and leds 8.6 million dollar theft going back decades 8 points
just made a dollar theft going back decades you following this you suckers are getting your cash huh
well that's my that's my religion allergy a little for biscuits my son
quinons later the bishop was among hundreds of documents released yesterday by pomegranate
county prosecutors offering more details into these secret lives of the two priests who are accused
of spending lavishly on themselves and their girlfriends now there's a real twist ain't it huh brother
you up and all the boy on the cabinet spending lavishly on themselves and their girlfriends ski
hands 79 in quinoe 64 arrested last fall on charges of grand theft of over 100 grand a first degree
felony punishable by up to 30 years in prison both Irish born priest of pleadedocule on
a free on bail when he was arrested after returning from Ireland ski hand have been into
investigators he established slush funds bank accounts ever kept off st. Vincent's books one of
the slush funds was dubbed holy name oh wow the cash was skimmed weekly from the collection
plates at st. Vincent you thought low green was skimming off the top huh Mike money that bookkeepers
helped ski and then green on high according to court records those bookkeepers were given immunity
for their cooperation when it became clear auditors were going to pour through the books the
financial documents were shredded it did it ski and told investigators that he felt anything that
he took he had coming to him as the diocese was cheap and never paid and never paid for his
education a Delray Beach Felicia Tech to burn the report released yesterday skin gave his
opinion that he had never been properly paid by the diocese he was running a big business and
getting nothing for it well he is running a big business that's for them sure a big tax
exam business to our should add real hastily a tax exempt scam the other lay priest told investigators
there was a mountain of money he had this appropriate but said he didn't recall where all the money
maybe hookers stuff like that maybe it's a track um-hmm casinos maybe a few trips to wood by a
lot of food express surprise the figure was so high he said he had no regrets about giving
on authorized payments and bonuses to church employees he also told investigators he stashed some
of the cash in bank accounts in Ireland other as brothers name it was between the brothers
but he would tell them no more about that according to records queen and jetted off the
Vegas and the Bahamas with the woman witnesses told investigators was his girlfriend ski and
bought himself a three hundred thousand dollar gold coin collection he was saying oh god that's
good all his religions man oh god that's good mm-mm mm-mm both men collected real estate and upscale
homes they created a complex maze for accountants to sort out including multiple bank and stock
investment accounts that were kept secret from the diocese a spokesperson for the diocese have
pumbits that she would not comment on the documents because the criminal case is pending a bookkeeper
interviewed by investigators portrayed an atmosphere of paranoia that she saw as normal in the same
Vincent orifices money was hidden in ceiling tiles employees searched the room for a priest who
they thought that I see said planted as a spy books were falsified to cover up the missing money
there was a limo trip this Joe Stone crab rest on the beach with green and and ski and their
close church employees and their spouses they continued the outing at another bar all right well
there I wish you know ski and I bought a bedroom closet that was padlocked with documents
oh I'm sorry didn't buy it ski and had a bedroom closet that was padlocked with documents
allegedly dealing with past pedophiles within the church corner of the records it was maybe
some blackmail and stuffy to money but everybody I able to get in there one church employee said
aha well they do wear that black frock like uh like what?
prior tuck what word did you say prior tuck when the criminal investigation got underway ski
and told the employee to give his apartment keys to relevant to offload some documents from his
home at St. Vincent one of pumbits counties largest in the olds his parish his skiing was well
liked even revered by the parish members we now did not enjoy the same reputation he was never
there one church employee told the investigators he didn't care about savings he was gone most of the
time probably in the behind his plunge in his brains out and having a roofy with a girl friend
and whatever else he was doing and spreading around the good spreading around the Lord's good cash
you know that's the way it works good works good works alone won't do it you got to go out
and screw around a lot well at least they were with women anyway that's a real a real move up for
the church how many folks we got on the pool we're getting close to a thousand already 927
holy moly rat man I think we can get out of here let's push it I had to like Newfoundland time
and then we'll add the daylight time out of that so that's two and a half hours ahead so that
would be there would be like uh well one o'clock two o'clock all right all right well already done
but you realize let's see it's 1040 so in uh no we got a long way to go we had a long way to go
three hours and five minutes okay deal is that what kind of deal is getting off at 145 that's
like a tease that's like saying oh you got another one with a stupid basketball games today but
you're only getting a 15 minute reprieve because of a new well Wednesday guess what Mr. Smarty pants
clearance Schmendrick we get off at 1250 because we get another stupid Marlon's exhibitionist game
on Wednesday how do you like the map so I can get to wood mine extra early so I can lose my ass
big time just like I did that they both access to it's not good but you know what it's only money
back to our Friday you bastard
absolutely huh by the way your buddy's the late honor man maybe sleep in the light maybe he's
a chasing it no subtle high down I'm sorry a lot more than maybe he's tracking her down
they say their weapons of mass destruction
I see recently a couple mega times
Bar Meera
all right
in the Gulf War
letting off the hold
I think it's time to give his brother
red dump
so it's time to load those B ones up
Bar Meera
oh
oh
Bar Meera
gray
till there's nothing left to see
Bar Meera
till satan's 60 feet
Bar Meera
blow up the creed
Bar Meera
dar
and that's why he's
I'm granted to an end of your life
I'm blowing up again, I'm here right
I'm on CNN, I'm here right
Ooh, I'm here right
I'm touched, I'm still too cold, I'm here right
I'm here right
I'm here right
That's what it's all about baby, let's save the world, let's make it a safer place
Let's go and set all our troops over there and let's kill some people, that's it
A lot of them, 1048, a QM, come in this before 11 o'clock, we got Keynes, basketball at 145
Woo, heavy duty, but then again, 15 minutes big deal, you know
Right
Another story, somebody thanks this in by Juan Carlos, a Yorker from the Associated Press
A Yorker is that how you would say that, I'm sure you would, whatever you say
You don't care about anything in this venue, you're like anti-Semitic, Cuban anti-Human
And then you're picking on poor Christopher there, because you know, that's done by Conway Twitty
It's only make believe
I think that fits in with a lot of those websites
It's only make believe, so many of those people on there are like, there's some real people, some great people on there, some wonderful folks
And then there's some people who are like, and then there's somebody just don't know, you can't figure it out
Well, come see Komsa, Guatemala City, speaking of priests
How we get on this priest's key for the Asher and Joy of the Wild Love?
You got any more stories about the proud, blessed, and crooked, of theaving, of the Holy Priest, cinema long?
I'm a cook, he's dead, good, hated this guy
Why? Because he's not like Elvis, because he's soft, and I had to play a lot of his country music all the time
You've got to Conway Twitty? Yeah, what about his whip rap without the hair?
He was pretty ugly, I'll say that
He's got to get in the same country music, so I think that kind of speaks to itself
What a great, that was so beautiful, man, right over the bridge
Was that a bridge over troubled waters or what? You want to hear that? I love that song
I haven't heard that in a long, long time
I like it too
Anyway, my impreasts will purify a sacred archaeological site to eliminate bad spirits after President Bush visits
And official would close ties to the group said yesterday
That a person like Bush, with the persecution of our migrant brothers in the U.S.
With the wariest provoked is going to walk in our sacred lands
Is an offense for the Mayan people in their culture, Juan Tini
The director of Zantini, Montini, poor Tini, come on Tini
The director of a Mayan government organization would close ties to mind religious and political leaders said yesterday
Bush's seven day tour of Latin American foods is stop over beginning late Sunday in Guatemala
Guatemala, you can't say Guatemala, that's gonna be Guatemala
Right, Nicaragua, Guatemala
On Monday morning he scheduled a visit to the archaeological site
Now I have no idea, maybe you can help me with this
LXI, am a CHE, L. S. S. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.
A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A
A. A. A. A.
A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A.
A. A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A.
A. A. A.
A.
the office. 952 votes on our award winning poll today. It's not bad. Chris is really excited
because now he knows the pressure is off. Actually I'm really excited because I have a
working desktop in here. He just got a computer like a station. You want to bother?
No, the station. No, the station. And it can talk to all the other computers in this place.
You actually have a working desktop in there and at Horseball Studio in there?
A new monitor. Yep. Wow. I think like Joey Zaza they're trying to send us a message.
That's right. Just like that. A Sicilian message and I think Timmy's going to be able to
connect George's computer so that we can actually send stuff back and forth.
Well won't that be special? I mean you're at least about 8 to 12 feet apart like that.
It would be really special. I apologize. Timmy just connected it.
Tim's not that hard. So you're a billionaire now.
I'm obsessed man. You know me. I'm obsessed with Frankie Penn-Tange. I can't get him out of my mind.
WCOM. Hello.
Oh, what is that?
Oh, that's it. I know. Well, I thought maybe a little bit more.
It's so manipulating computer doesn't work now either.
So really that's what it always is. I would say 99 out of 100 times. That's what it is.
Like he holds up a big bullet. It's me. It's me. Proza. Proza. Please.
I like that.
It's the sound for it. It's in the water and we order. Just take this whole phone mechanism and I can throw it on my patio.
And then just kind of like kick it over the top.
Is I followed it over the edge? WQYM. Hello.
Phil. Yes sir.
Oh my God. It happens every time I call you. I'm thinking of something funny and then when you answer the phone I forget what I was going to say.
I'm supposed to be the one that's funny on the show. Not the audience.
Anyway, one thing quick. I really think that you're so popular out here because of your voice. You have a very nice voice.
Yeah, okay. Okay. I'll be over in a couple hours.
Which reminds me. So talking about some of our friends on my space.
Bobby who I always seems like an okay guy. I sent back and forth a few emails. He's like group E-list or whatever.
And so yesterday, I guess he was in the mood. He must have been bored to death.
And he sent me a message. And then he asked me for the phone number. The call in number. You know I told him 56670560.
And later in the day I get an email from him saying, oh I called it made a funny noise on the...
Oh, it's great. Yeah. You know Bobby, I thought that you were my friend Bobby.
I thought you were like an oral, a moral supporter. But Bobby is just another...
What would it look like that? Another group ball. Nothing wrong with being a group ball or some fine group balls.
But Bobby is just... he just don't get it. Maybe he does get it.
I guess that's his concept. I guess there's a lot of concept. That's their concept of the show.
Call up Neil, see if he'll pick the phone up and then make a funny noise.
And then write to him and brag about it.
He'll run to your cell.
What are you doing?
Don't tell me questions.
No.
I hope you have been helping you today.
When you please be having a Bruce Lee, we are having a sale on cameras.
We have had a lot of many flavors.
My friend, that is not me.
You are a GGA, GGA, GGA.
Okay, I tell you everything.
I'll escape, maybe, but I'll put inside my thing.
And I'll just throw it away.
We're going to win it back.
It is only me, so I'm not so bad at it.
You can frame a group of actions of a group, but we don't all drink our own.
We wish it's better like our food.
Let's just stop being so stupid.
I'll take off my beer, and I'll make this clear.
You're choosing the ice cream?
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
She's going to eat it.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
There's rich status.
We should've tried that.
She has all three levels.
Reminds new levels, right?
Three levels, right?
あり ounce, eight.
kitty corn is coming out.
One is gone.
at that place.
It's her top priority to facts them to you as soon as they give them to her.
But she's at their mercy over the school.
It sounds like a whole bunch of excuses over here.
It sounds just like the beastly effing way to me.
You know, like, well, the dog ate the pages and the cat just doesn't remember it.
She doesn't run things over there.
Yeah.
What do you mean by that?
Does she run things over here?
She does today because nobody else is, you know, here.
That's right.
Jolly, join even around us.
Jolly, come here.
And Josh is not here.
Allison is the boss here today, but she's the boss.
Oh, he like Allison a lot.
So, as soon as Bob Hamilton or whoever the guy is over there.
Bob Hamilton.
I don't know.
Whoever gets out of that bottle over there.
Bob Hamilton's in magic putting that quality of music on here.
Just asked my buddy, Ricky Tiki, he'll tell you.
And I mean, Ricky Tiki.
Whoever it is.
Ricky Tiki, Shaw.
Yeah, Shaw.
Remember, Frankie said that in the movie.
Yeah, Shaw.
He's talking about Rick Shaw.
978 in a poll, while we're going to have the 1000 in four shakes of a goat's tail.
I mean, if it can be two shakes of a lamb's tail, why can't it be four shakes of a goat's tail,
huh?
How many shakes of a goat's tail equal the shake of a lamb's tail?
Shake this.
Shake on him.
I'll lie.
Now we're talking.
How do I keep playing that in those drop-ins?
I don't know what that's all about from the Godfather.
I want everybody here to know.
Yeah.
There's not going to be no trouble for me.
Down go the arm.
Change.
How about it?
I don't know what it is.
You know, it's just one of those things.
You get on a kick.
You know me.
WQIM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing great.
That's good.
That's good.
I'm one of the ones that told you to stop gambling.
Kick it out of my.
Yeah.
Well, good advice.
What's your order of taking it?
What's your order of taking it?
I want to complain about now.
The highway patrol.
They're always on the tolls now.
Yeah.
And people passed by there.
And they have their sun pass.
But they don't believe that their machines are not working.
So they give you a hundred out of second now.
That's what I'm talking about.
Bad machines, man.
Yeah.
Oh, that's the world.
There's full of bad machines.
Well, I wish you good luck tomorrow, Neil.
When I'm on my way.
Right, Sally.
Okay.
Say a prayer for me, man.
Pray to somebody.
I will try all the other ones.
I don't know.
I don't think there's anybody left.
How about, who is the Mary McPherson?
What was her name?
Who?
Oh, whatever the hell her name was from the...
I don't even know what the hell religion that is.
Mary, a simple McPherson shorts...
Well, you know what I'm talking about.
Mary Baker Ready.
I don't know.
You know what I'm talking about.
Very Baker-acted.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She's acted up again.
Old Mary.
WDQA M.
Hello.
Neil, congratulations on your...
Here's so much for your ass and eye and call.
WDQA M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How was that, Sally?
Okay.
Well, you ain't here.
Speak the English, Sally.
Speak the English.
No, I'm English.
Cut that crap.
Cut that crap, Polo.
Okay, we're gonna put you on a rubber raft.
And by the way, Caster is gonna kick your ass.
How do you like that?
All this crap about Caster is that he's gonna pick you up with one hand
and squeeze you like a...
He's like a...
Like a mat.
Gonna squash your head like a watermelon seed.
How do you like that, senior?
How's that senior winch is doing, my side?
WDQA M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
I had someone I was gonna tell you.
Yeah, that's what it's all about.
You just pick up.
Oh, yeah.
What ever happened to a reverent Jones?
That was something you were gonna tell me?
I was gonna ask you, sorry.
Whatever happened to him, unfortunately, he's still alive.
That's what happened.
So you people out there that's the best you can do is come up with whatever happened to some chronic that crawled
like about 40 seconds ago.
That's really weak.
Weak, like Al Martino in his voice in the odd father, weak.
I can't believe I played that little thing in the day.
Where is it?
That's so the Al Martino.
Remember when he was singing the song, Connie was caving from him.
She was like...
She was melting from Al Martino.
Yeah.
Well, she always had bad taste.
Then it was Torrey Donahue.
Not every scene in the Godfather was good.
And then it was Carlo.
Carlo was okay.
It was just a little bit of a...
Do I dare say grease fall with happy about things?
Oh, I see I hate it when it says TOC error on my thing.
What does that really mean?
Table of contents.
Is that what it means?
Sure.
Well, what does that...
So what does it mean, senior?
In the case of a CD?
Yeah.
That means that the CD player can't read the data line that has the table of contents.
Oh, that's bad.
Chalsey baby, really Chalsey.
My voice is weak.
You cannot block a man!
Watch him out!
And ain't no short fat fatty by Larry Williams.
I'll say that.
Yeah, good.
Let's see.
Oh, look at this.
Look at their handwriting here on this fax that you just sent me.
It's a letter.
It's the second letter that Gilbert has sent me in as many weeks.
Oh, I was going to say it looks like it was written by some kind of a retardo, if you ask me.
And it's a big ass.
It was wrong that I was not invited to the Rose Bowl football game between the Mimea Hurricanes and Nebraska.
And happen again the following year at the Fiesta Bowl football game between Ohio State and the Mimea Hurricanes.
It was wrong because I know Ken Dorsey, brother John the Mimea's quarterback.
That Sunday morning I was very angry that after the Fiesta Bowl game I drove to Don Chulose Hotel and gave Josie the finger.
Who'd doing a much better job with this than I could?
I did the same thing to Hank at Don Chulose Hotel.
I was at the Fiesta Bowl in 1987.
The Mimea Hurricanes against Penn State.
Oh, that's really great, Gilbert.
Yeah, that's really great.
What were you excited about?
Don and Mike flow.
Yeah, and there's a lot of that going around evidently.
Moral Martino, come on.
That's an evidently.
Oh, that was a good saying though.
She was like all, you know, that was the wedding scene.
On the day of your daughter's wedding.
Oh, and there's more to it.
Oh, I should have been invited to one of those football games and not both games.
What?
I know George, you and Neil have a agency office that have hired my friends not to call me.
If an agency office has hired the raised friends not to call me,
I have not changed my phone number.
And you and Neil have hired the phone company that is wrong too.
What is this man talking about?
The crazy person that's looking at me.
What are you talking about?
Seriously, a sincerely, Gilbert Salman,
PSF not had one friendly phone since you moved from WIOD.
I did not do anything wrong.
He has no one friendly phone.
He believes that we have an agency and we put them up to sandbagging his efforts to be on this
or any other radio station as a caller and also to attend certain events.
It's your, your family has the dolphins, the greatest football team.
We take the ball from go to go like no one's ever seen.
We are in the air, we're on the ground, we're always in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking to a football cosweather.
Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, number one.
Yes we are. Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, Miami dolphins, number one.
Go get a dolphins. I need some action.
Wow.
995 votes out of pool.
WIOD is a Chris is like in there just like the guy in the movie talk radio.
That stupid air word goes in peace of turn, you know.
He's spinning around on the chair just like all the board ops do, you know.
He's spinning around like it's a revolving like a dreidel, like a top, like one of the four tops.
I think we'll play Godfather music and short-fath Fanny by layer 145.
Oh so anyway in the 20 minutes you tell me that Alison may or may not have some numbers.
I bet you were scared.
1,300 votes out of it.
English does the hanky panky.
Oh, English has a stanky wanky.
New England does the hanky panky.
New England does the hanky panky.
We thought he always panked for a kid.
Ladies, Bill Clinton bowed it all the time.
They call him womanizing low-rise life.
But New East Asian girls are all around my desk.
That's why you're sure to talk about his errors and best.
But if I could ever would have thought that.
Alright, here we go on the desk.
Oh, Mr. Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know
I thought it was high fuel speed.
Second out from under your desk.
I see.
Oh, there you there.
Oh, the committee sees no impropriety here.
There'll be no further desk.
I saw him working on his pick up line.
You got it up and baby watch your side.
I'm pretty out of public and it all alone.
Hey, baby, baby can I give you the fat blue?
Who would have thought I'd never would have thought that?
Come here baby, and meet the joyous people of the world.
New England does the hanky panky.
New England does the hanky panky.
Look, New England has a hanky wanky.
This f***ing name does the hanky panky.
We saw every always bang his mother name.
And every step way that is because
Potentially the public presidential candidate,
New England, an interview with conservative Christian group
focused focus focus focus on the family.
That he had an extra marital affair,
even while leading the charge that President Clinton impeached.
There's the word hypocrite, ring of hell.
As in all white winners,
hypocrite's phony and the full of, you know what, there was the belt.
The honest answer is yes, he said according to the associate of press.
There are times that I fall in short of my own standards.
There are certainly times when I fall in short of God's standards,
he said. And of course he's talking about.
Oh God!
Which I don't have much standards.
Gingrich are you in the interview, however, that he should not be viewed as a hypocrite for pursuing
Clinton's infidelity rights, the AP.
Clinton was punished for perjury, says Gingrich, who claims that he was not rendering
judgment on a person level against Clinton.
In other words, England screwed around all you might, as long as you don't lie about it.
Right.
Gingrich still claims very popular among Republicans that finished fourth
in the unscientific straw poll.
Oh, that straw poll, my ass, that's the one where, what's his name?
That Mormon Jackass Mitt Romney had, well, when it's just ridiculous.
So last straw, if he asked me, a thousand of them votes on the poll, pretty good for a crappy poll like that.
1118, can you feel the pressure building?
Oh, brother, we got those trends coming out.
Log on the 560 to A.M.
Right.
That's not what I was looking for.
I don't know where that was.
That's not.
11, not 10, 11.
Don't forget tomorrow's daylight savings time, tomorrow night when you go to bed.
Actually, Sunday morning, oh, there's rich sadges again.
He's out there, he's plotting, he's hyperventilating, he's acting really melodramatic.
Hey, I'll have usual, Rick.
If America really does go bankrupt in the year 2030, you notice how seldom I'm reading this poll result?
Mm-hmm.
Well, there should be probably a reason for that.
Why?
Because it sucks.
Oh, it's just long and complicated.
The poll is okay.
We're getting a lot of votes on it, but it's just, I don't know.
I'll tell my grandkids it was all W's fault.
204.
I'm not going to have any grandkids.
You will, though.
Maybe.
What do you mean maybe?
I don't know if my kids are going to breed yet.
Oh, I'll probably be dead by then.
199.
That's what I voted.
2030.
What about in the year 2525 with Zegra and Evans?
You've got that, right?
I know you've played.
You know it.
In the year 25?
Well, that's only 518 years away.
I think I can make it.
I think I can make it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Zegra and Evans, a medley of their sman.
She was big.
1969, I want to say.
69.
69.
69.
Oh, yeah.
I told you.
That's what my first guess.
Wow.
This man is as sharp as a marble baby.
Look out.
This has another, you know, title in parentheses.
Yeah.
Which is Exorium and Terminus.
All right.
OK, that's it.
Probably be dead by then.
199.
I'm outta here.
Hello, Canada and hockey fans in the United States.
127.
I still want my social security checked.
I have 121.
I better start learning Chinese now.
97 or maybe turning Japanese.
I hate this pool 66 6.5%.
Just connect this, connect me from my.
51.
Lane president, Jenna Boyce 33.
That's very cute.
She's not, but that is.
Now, she the one that got really gross,
how many of you were confused yesterday?
Barbara's the cute one, Jenner's the fat one.
That's like I said.
Guess I'll have to move into a cardboard box 25.
I ain't paying no more taxes to Uncle Sam 24.
Now, the world has to make a documentary about it by them 18.
About it.
How am I going to afford my nursing home 18?
Am I still going to be able to use my credit card 17?
I'm moving into an underground bunker 11,
and I'll slip my wrist.
We finally got one.
That's probably after they heard that me read that
a faction Gilbert want to slip their wrist out of a 2014.
But I told you that was the second Ramley winner.
For some reason, I was excited.
Was it nearly as coherent and good as the first one?
It was the same except longer, and Miguel took it up
to pass it around the building as it was very funny and also insane
and make a sense whatsoever.
Why was it right at me?
I don't know.
I wanted to go to that game in 1987.
The festival, I knew it.
This is the amazing Gilbert.
Reminding you not to drink and live this holiday season.
It's the right thing.
I was so bit.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Oh, I mean, absolutely.
But anyway.
Yeah, he's different.
That's for sure.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir, Mr. Collar.
Fake voice.
I would like to vote in your poll, but I can't get to the internet.
So is it possible that you can cast my vote for me?
No.
Well, I mean, you can't get to the internet.
Why not?
Anyway, I can't run around now, but my vote is I will probably be cast.
This thing is important to cast and make my vote for me.
Well, it is very important, yeah.
That's the saddest part is it was a real voice and a real person.
And that's what he had to say.
I would have felt so much better for a rave for wasn't fake.
Rather we could have been a better man.
Gilbert, stick lost, as they say.
And then with the Chinese say, and I wrote lost.
As they stick it.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Speaking of the internet, you ought to check out Wikipedia.
Your biography has been interesting changes.
Yeah, as of when.
Today.
Today.
Oh, in other words, you've been posting around with it, is that it?
Probably.
Okay, well, good.
Have fun.
Keep you off the street, anyway.
See, that's the thing with Wikipedia.
It's such a stupid thing because anybody can go on there and like make changes to whatever they want.
And who cares?
I love words said.
And everybody had lots of do with anything.
WQAM, hello.
I think you ought to want to look back.
It's like a four-way-way-way-way.
I thought it was that when I invented compassion, I kept it that straight.
No, just here.
So you're compassionate, man.
Very much so, yeah.
I love you.
Yeah, thank you.
Also, how is firm show?
Just what you need.
Okay.
And we're getting that for free, too.
We're not even subscribers.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Good day, area.
I just heard someone met with your Wikipedia entry.
I think I'm going to go on there and mention it.
Maybe once you won the Daytona 500 or something really good.
I mean, if we're going to put stuff on there, might as well put good stuff, right?
Or at least positive stuff.
Anyway, I have a question for you.
Yeah.
Everybody's complaining about their taxes and everything.
And I've noticed the correlation that the same people who complain about how high their taxes are,
were the first ones outside wanting for water and ice and food after the hurricane.
And I wonder where they think all that stuff comes from.
I mean, taxes and other themselves aren't such a bad thing as long as the money is spent properly.
People demand all these public services, everything, but they don't want to pay for.
We're actually going to want someone else to pay for them is what I see.
And I know you're relatively affluent, but I was wondering what your take on that would be.
I don't have any takes, sir.
I'm relatively affluent.
What does that mean?
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Well, I mean, you know where your next meal is coming from.
You know what I mean?
You know where my next meal is coming from.
I know where all the tax money I pay, which is what I've seen about, is going flush right down the toilet
so we can kill a bunch of innocent people and make human sacrifice out of a lot of that.
That's what I know.
And it pisses me off.
That's my take.
That's exactly my take.
How do you like that?
Well, let's see the important changes here.
I mean, since I got work to such great lengths.
In some sense, as he could be called a radio activist, but a beep, but a boop, but a bop, and bob laughs at it,
did this and Moe Howard David did that and you had the adiati and I don't see anything.
Looks like the same crap I always saw in here before.
Not that I really care.
Like legendary was that a whole way to be here.
Oh, David's stuff here down there.
Rogers was long a top of a radio host, crafting monologues or whatever issues had gotten his attention at any given time.
His monologues were phased out around the 10-E joint IOD.
However, Rogers has never shied away from writing about politics look or industry topics.
Sometimes reading lengthy articles that he believes should have his audience's attention.
Much to this may have anyone hoping to be entertained.
More recently, the show has taken a page from the Paul Harvey playbook and monotonous newsreading has been the general overall theme.
That's the change.
I see.
But you know something great.
And you know what else?
I got my paycheck a day early yesterday.
It was as supposed to be there today.
It's already in the bank.
How do you like that?
Loser.
So that's the guy that made the change on there.
He finds it monotonous.
How many news stories have I read today?
Maybe one?
Maybe two?
In addition to which I think maybe I'll tell a 145.
That's all I'll do is read news stories and the numbers on the arbitrage.
How's that?
Just the numbers.
All right.
This is the soft-foad anthem way.
And that's why that whole wicked thing is so stupid because any jack asked me to wander and make up any kind of craft they want.
As in that last part about...
To-to-to-to.
Running feud with the host Howard David, the molemeister and all this other crap.
Fun for the people, my minister.
A man who is supposed to be an adult.
Someone who is supposed to be older than the legal age.
Someone who's supposed to have a life.
And of course the fact that he's crawling in here in the middle of the day tells me...
Guess what it tells me.
I have no life.
That is precisely correct.
Friday, you were still...
All right.
You are a stagnant, naked man.
In the sour soul.
For a round of four full clouds.
Staring at my toe.
We're straight guys.
Stop all the time.
God-Man, who play games.
Can't eat the eyes of hide behind existing.
They're not gay.
Yeah, you got to hide your heart away.
Yeah, you got to hide your heart away.
Town will shorten every time.
This sad, straight game will buy.
Man, who talk of other men.
Jesus, what for?
It stays up my neck.
No, just here, just for a whole quilt.
Having fun with the boys.
In the locker room, I hear.
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
You're in front to hide your heart away.
You got to hide your heart away.
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy.
Lone of 32 at 5.60.
That's a QIM.
10.51, that's where we got on the poll, 10.51 vote.
And I'm still waiting out.
Is Allison faxing any stuff in here?
She's going to fax some direct to me.
Oh, so you're not going to be the Pimp today.
You're not going to be the new Pimp.
New Pimp's ratings, Pimp.
I'll be surprised at the same time you are.
What, surprised that she actually sent anything?
Or surprised at the numbers?
That's what I meant.
Well, let's see if we can continue hanging on.
Because now that the guy put that horrible stuff on Wikipedia there.
And of course, the guy, he's part of the symptom of why I do that.
And it started doing it a long time ago.
It's because most of the phone is the biggest waste of time.
And a biggest pile of trash in the history of mankind, including him.
Oh, I spent this morning on Wikipedia changing your biography on there.
Because I don't like you reading the bedtime stories.
And because I'm a lifeless piece of turd, okay?
Oh, it's fun.
I'm happy to keep you off the street.
Probably saved some of these life out there.
Lunatic.
Still won't see any numbers coming across you.
But you know, I think that though, a thousand and fifty or four votes on Apollo.
Chris is really impressed by that and his new computer in there.
I can't believe that.
Yeah, here it comes.
WKYM, hello.
Neil, baby.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I have a question.
Now, let me ask you this.
If a man was able to give himself a beat.
Okay, great.
566-10560.
Yeah, he's doing Ron Jaramon talk, okay?
I've seen that flick, okay?
We can't all be double-jointed, sir.
If the Lord wanted to do that, we'd all be double-jointed.
Let me tell you that right now.
That's what my priest told me.
That's what my rebuy said.
Just before he was laying to fill in, laying hands.
WQA-M, hello.
QA-M.
You're going to nap, though.
Because you know there are queer dogs out there.
I've seen a show.
WQA-M, hello.
I love you, Neil, God.
WQA-M, hello.
Take me, or what the hell is your take anyway?
No, take this.
Take a big one.
WQA-M, hello.
Hey, don't let them walk though.
You're pretty low, Feathers.
Yeah.
You out of here early again?
Yeah, 145, though.
I never know your schedule.
Your whole show is capricious.
Yeah, capricious and arbitrary.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Wow, I didn't know we were doing the lightning round.
Dave Capricious, remember, he used to be on the man's head
to the Lord in the Capricious.
Captain Dave Capricious, QA-M, hello.
I didn't even punch that one up.
How the hell did that happen?
That was bizarre.
QA-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I've got a couple of callers around your show.
Yeah.
Okay.
WQA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Well, it's been a moment.
All right.
I knew it.
It was Ricky.
So I took his answers that Friday.
I knew it.
Whatever the hell it is.
I'm still sitting here waiting, you know, because it's 11.35.
I'm sure hope she doesn't have any of the people there.
She has some concept of how the, yeah, I gave her the facts number and everything.
And she came in here, ring her hands, say, look, I know.
This is the first thing that I'm going to do.
I'm not even going to look at them.
I'm going to put them right in the facts machine and send them to you.
As soon as they give them to me.
So there you go.
Well, they must be squeezing them really tight over there.
Kiss.
WQA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Yes, sir.
How are you, Captain?
Excellent.
I'm working here, where and whatever it is.
I have an observation or maybe a comment.
I'm not sure.
I'm not that smart.
But last week we had a Florida highway patrol.
That they're going to be out in numbers, looking for speeders and reckless driving and all kinds of stuff.
And you had a rocket.
Are they supposed to be doing that all the time?
No.
Oh, you're going to have to have time with them up.
And the quota's up, man.
You better get with it.
It's boring as hell.
There's a radar.
There's a pig we poured over here.
You know, so we don't get much of that anymore either.
Thank God.
They're out there.
Smokey is out there.
Waiting for you.
OK, just slow down.
It's Florida, man.
It's supposed to be old and slow.
And even if you're not old, just pretend you are and drive real slow.
Like you've got to say, fight as dense in your pants.
That's the way to do it.
10.50 a.m.
The poll, for any of you, is there any interest?
I'm beginning to wonder.
At what point or what time would you say?
Where would the little hand be and the big hand be on the clock when I should start getting a little bit concerned about whether these numbers are going to come fishing over the fast machine?
Or whether there's some kind of usual...
See, we've always got something going on.
And like you said, Clarence, he's too busy over and tempo that basketball game.
He's doing this for me.
He's always been feeding you the information that only you find important.
And what about Miguel?
Is he Chaplier or what tells his story?
Is he also off this?
He's out of town, out of state.
Yeah.
And Joe Bell's off this.
We're off in the middle of the ocean on a cruise somewhere.
He's cruising it?
That's what I heard.
Oh my God.
Shr off his back, doesn't pop again.
WDQYM, hello.
Shoo...
So the color of the eye...
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hello.
Hello.
He's got any Ohio going?
Okay.
You got a question for you.
Yeah, he will get a question.
He said nothing yet.
Yeah, they got questions.
No, that.
Go ahead.
I'm wondering if the adgenced diet would help my inverted penis syndrome.
Yeah, I'm sure.
WDQYM, hello.
Uncle Leo.
Yeah.
You're a God.
WDQYM, hello.
Now.
Yeah.
Three God have a petition to have 640 AM taken off the air.
And why is that?
Who listens to 640 AM?
Nobody.
I don't know, but you know.
Why don't you know what it is?
640 AM.
What the hell is it?
Well, the terrible station has done in my car.
Well, let me make a suggestion to you.
Sir, I'm going to tell you two things.
Number one, I would change the station number two.
Done in my car.
Well, blow.
But other than that, have a wonderful day.
And a great weekend in a stupendous life.
Okay, sir.
I have no life.
I know that.
1062 on a pool.
A middle-lavish party filled with fans.
Yeah, I'm just going to move along because I'm assuming that the numbers are never going to come in.
Because it's already 22 before the hour.
And I just have this sinking, sinking feeling in the pit of my novels.
They get how much excited little it'll be when they do come in.
But they're not going to happen.
Did you give her the right facts number?
I mean, is she...
I'll be held during the break and verify all of our...
Oh, brother.
I'm telling you, this place, every day when you finally think things have kind of turned around a little bit and just maybe, you know, we got the dots on the phone.
The phones are ringing like a Christmas tree, like a Hanukkah bush.
Everything in here is working.
I got all five green lights.
I'm a little box down there on the tellers thing.
Everything is beautiful.
I saw them crystal queer.
My blood sugar was 70 this morning.
I feel like I've got born again, old queen, you know, whatever.
And the main thing, well, the ratings are over there right kissed down the street.
And as soon as they come off the machine there, and as soon as they get their finger out of their nose,
so they can get it out of the pages off of there.
All those nose-picking country music to Yahoo's.
All that is used without the word.
So what's the story you're going to call her during the break?
Yeah.
A springy woman's a little children.
The middle-adish party filled with fans and personators, orphans and Hanukkah children.
Michael Jackson said yes that he wouldn't change the path of his career despite deliberate attempts to hurt him.
The reclusive pop star in Tokyo for several fan appreciation events was the guest of honor at a party where about 400 people paid $3,500 bucks each for a fade dinner, $3,500 each.
A show featuring several Japanese Jackson impersonators and a chance to take photos with Jackson, more than 100 orphans and Hanukkah children were invited for free.
Waring sunglasses and rest in the black and gold of Roberto Kovali's suit, Jackson appeared on stage at the end of the six-hour party to read a brief.
Thank you, note.
Thank you!
He didn't perform, but in comments of the AP Jackson reflected on this career, which he is trying to revive after his 2005 acquittal on child molestation charges, and a series of other legal battles over his personal finances.
I've been in the entertainment industry since I was six years old, he told AP his Charles Dickens says it's been the best of times the worst of times, but I wouldn't change my career, my career career.
Neither, I wouldn't change my career career, although someday, like I said, maybe I really will get back into radio.
Did I day you blasted?
Hey, how the hell are you?
Welcome to Jack in the Box.
I'm Jack, can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean?
I'd like a Jack Burger in a large fries.
Sorry, now we're cleaning the grease fire, we don't have any French fries today.
Okay, there's just give me a small order of fries, please.
Look, Chief, maybe you didn't hear me.
I said we don't have any fucking fries today, so I'm on something else.
Okay, then just give me an order of fries.
Listen up, pal, we'll put the straw and straw berry.
That you do, that's right, nature did.
Who put the AP and AP Bracotte?
Nature does, right, nature did.
Now listen carefully, who put the freaking French fries?
There ain't no freaking French fries.
That's what I've been trying to tell you, but there ain't no freaking French fries.
Now get out of my sight before I shove your team so far down your fucking throat.
You'll have to sit on the Jack Burger to eat it.
Oh, I'm having a nice day.
Okay, I'll have 46 and 5.60, never too much.
So the process looked like it was coming along like a assembly line.
And then we got the first page of the morning, man, and like the bottom half of the number is chopped off, and then that's it.
So I'm assuming it's another typical beastly broadcasting technical malfunction of the junction,
because there's certainly nothing wrong with my fax machine on this end, and there's nothing receiving to what I'm saying.
Okay, you better find out from her what the hell is going on over there.
So you've got up to what I've been waiting, here comes again.
See, as soon as I said that, all of a sudden, the moment I finished saying that, as soon as I said, what the hell is going on?
All of a sudden, just like an active...
Damn, God!
Maybe they're headed jam over there.
Well, you only see these numbers. They're going to be jamming it all right. I can't tell you where.
Back to whoo!
Oh my God!
Oh my Lord! Good, good, Laudy Miss Claude.
If I dare say that.
Laudy Miss Claude.
Overall, the station in man 8, 2.4, down from a 3.0 in a fall, 2.4.
Oh my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord, my Lord!
Wilkins, welcome up.
Oh, and now all of a sudden, we've gone from the first page of 6 to 10 AM, and now we're in the 3 to 7 PM.
What is this woman doing over there?
What in God's name are you doing, Allison sweetheart, when you're going into it?
Well, let me, what needs to be refacted is nothing here.
The first page of 6 to 10 AM is a half a page of it showed up, and then we go to 3 to 7 PM.
And nothing in between. In fact, part of that is missing.
Oh my goodness. This is so typical, you know. This is our bread and butter. This is our livelihood.
This is our life. Israel Fedward will say, this is your life, Neil, but the check showed up early yesterday,
to which I say, it occurs.
I'm not sure about the check, but who cares about this?
Well, let's see. So in other words, acting in drive, most of that's missing too.
The first page, which I can assure you, we're not on.
Let's see. Waxies got a 2-8 in the afternoon.
INZ, that's scared America 2-5, and we got a 2-2.
Oh! Oh! From 3 to 7, we got a 2-2.
Whoa. God only knows what kind of crap number we got here in midday.
It's enough to make my hair start growing back big time.
Real fast, like in clumps.
So let's see what the, oh, now we're going to 7 in the midnight.
So I don't know what the hell she's doing, and obviously she, that's two of us, because she doesn't either.
There was like a glitch in there somewhere, like in between when the morning,
or at least the 18 plus, or what do you get?
Man 18 plus, that's all we got. That's all we got, baby.
Right. Stu gots, just like Clemens, they're giving us, oh, gots.
Okay, overall men, CMQFM62, number one, no speaking English, i.e.
Radio Mambe, no speaking English, i.e. 5.8, number two.
Radio Amor, no speaking English, i.e. 5.5, then number three.
Power 96, barely speaking English, but at least that's us, 4.5, they went away from 13th to 4th.
Holy moly rat man.
Way to go to an entire, yeah, then 1194, hot, one of our QA, or i.o.d,
or QA, not even on the second page, kiddin' me.
Overall, and men, we got a 2-4, and across the street, they got a 2-1.
You put the two of them together, you got a decent number.
But dividing up that narrow, narrow focus, the sports nerd audience man,
so what else is coming here?
If she keeps sending me these seven of midnight, I'm gonna be so, I'm just,
I don't know, I just liled, text her that you're gonna have to be a judge.
I knew that page is in all that, why?
I just text her that you're getting a fruit up.
No, I don't have blank pages, the first page of the morning, dry was half a blank page,
and there's no rest of morning, grabbing her, certainly no midday,
and there's no first page of afternoon, dry.
I'm not that I'm getting excited about, you understand?
Cause I'm cool, calm, and collected, because I'm legendary.
And pretty peered about this, about the way this is being done.
This is pathetic.
Oh, can you believe this?
And now here's another, huh?
Of course, another part of a page.
This is the overall weekend, I don't care about the weekends,
we don't have anybody listening on a weekend, okay?
Nobody listens to the radio on a weekend, they're off there,
they're getting skin cancer and getting laid, whatever they're doing.
There's nothing worth worrying about.
So what I need is stuff that somebody cares about, which is not what she,
basically she sent me all the stuff that nobody cares about.
What we do care about morning, drive midday, and the first part of afternoon,
drive that I don't have, no gods, who gods, still gods, and no gods.
Wow.
I mean, what does any of this really mean?
Other than the afternoon, we got a tutu.
Nice, and you know something, if I was Joe Bell,
I'd be out there in the middle of the ocean cruising, too.
And just like, I guess he learned from the Greg Reed songbook.
She said that Josh told her to send everything.
Let me say it again.
I don't have everything.
You don't understand it again.
I don't have what I need, I don't have everything.
What kind of response is that?
It's not what I do have, it's what I don't have,
which is what we're interested in being in the mornings and this show.
That's what we don't have.
Now, what is she doing right now?
We said having her finger deep inside her nostril.
What is she doing?
I assume she's faxing you whatever they're giving.
Well, there ain't nothing coming now, baby.
Morning, 6 to 10 a.m.
Here's what I got. I got five stations.
I had an ex-son of mobile, a sonoco.
Yeah.
Radio Amor, number one.
6.2 a.m.
Morning. Anybody believe in that?
No speaking English.
They're playing Puppy Campo records on Radio Amor.
Radio Mambe, many 18 plus.
See, this is a lot of old men's stuff is what this is.
6.0, they're number two again, like they were in the last time.
Old green teeth, no speaking English.
Big is number three in the morning.
They made a little, not much from a 5.1 to a 5.2,
but at least they're holding their own run in ancient Paul, 5.2.
Top 105, 5.1 in number four and ex-DJ,
which also in a speaking English, is a 4.7.
They dropped from first to fifth.
And that's it, that's all I got.
I got nothing else in the morning.
I got no midday.
I don't got the first page in the afternoon.
I ain't got no body.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Absolutely unacceptable.
What does this mean?
I hate his play.
I'm not allowed allowed allowed.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
Let's talk about that.
I hate his show.
The good to me.
Even Bellevue Bryant is doing talk-ups and nailing a nice-go-on-bride.
That is a door nail.
That's the station, man.
And Jolly Jobelle.
See, I want the rest of the morning and I want the midday numbers.
Tell that lady, tell our good friend, Allison.
I did.
Tell that bitch right now.
I don't want to start getting a hostile with her.
Nothing like that.
Tell her that's what we need now.
Not a week from a circus.
Not 75 years from a semahustroir.
Now would be nice.
This is not the way we do with the numbers.
Come in.
As you know.
Oh.
Good.
Golly miss Molly.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
It's very believe it.
Didn't I predict you that this is going to be true when they start coming over.
Like just really fine as long and like a real assembly line.
Yeah.
And then all of a sudden we get to the first page of morning drive and like five stations come through.
And there's a half of light page and then that's it.
And there's a long respite in between.
Whenever, maybe she was trying or got away and was what was going on.
And she can't get it done.
She can't get the job done.
Okay.
Or maybe their facts machines over there is a good as ours are over.
I don't think it's got anything to do that.
If that's the case, how come all these other pages are coming through just fine on the line?
Huh?
Or maybe she's not interested.
Who you up on purpose?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
It's not a question of screwing me up on purpose.
It's a question of screwing me up because of a netitude, which is the QM way.
Okay.
That's exactly the way we do it.
Day after day after day.
It's technical enough to do.
It's mental enough to do.
It's just stupid as what it is.
But I got paid yesterday.
It's all out here.
Thousands of you know, and folks, Chris is pretty pumped.
This is what I have 1100 by the top of the art.
You're pretty pumped.
Oh, yeah, baby.
Well, these are the numbers that really count.
Not the pool.
Eh.
Oh.
I mean, are you on the phone with her?
How are you communicating with her?
I'm just waiting for you.
Are you texting her?
Yes.
Well, send her a text message from me and say, okay, give her a little raspberry or some other fruit.
Oh, this is just beyond.
I need the morning drive numbers recent.
I need midday something.
Please, give us something.
Okay.
I know it's going to be bad.
Believe me, it's going to be bad.
Because if the station overall is got a 2.4 share in mind, it just keeps vanishing.
This keeps van, I think we need to convene the square table and the gay or not gay and see if we can't have a discussion of the strain all this out.
This is Dr. D. Quinn.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Love me!
Love me!
Time raised.
Now!
Oh!
I want to quit.
Duet kid.
Go down.
I like radio.
約 1-7 in a morning.
1.7 in a morning.
Please.
A football player you do.
A solid wall of neat.
The kinda guy you wanna do.
That's good to do to eat.
Oh.
I want to hit and go on a date, but there's no chance at all
So does the baby be a sports queen?
Oh, literally.
I grant the balls.
Uh-huh.
Oh, baby.
Wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no better than a baby.
Wait.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I gotta hide everything you screen and help me see his balls.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get done.
No need days of a business school, okay?
That's not so great.
But I'm gonna show you the new family, at least until we 28.
Oh, I'm crazy.
Now, I want some wings.
You ain't seen no better than a boy like Ray.
Wait.
Oh, baby, wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no better than a boy like Ray.
Wait.
Well, like I said, it's been nice knowing you folks.
All the way to do that, man.
We didn't do great, but certainly compared to everything around us.
We did not so bad.
Ready for these?
Yeah, we're still not the stack, just so, you know.
Certain how what stack.
I'll just come back over here because they were given her a hard time over there.
But they're long distance, and they're just something that has been done right away.
So she finally just gave up and grabbed the stack.
Because it was long distance, we can't afford the mes of the family.
But you know, hold numbers that they gave her.
She ran over here with them and we're sort of nice.
Well, that's not your fault.
We love you, sweetie.
Maybe she'll want to go back across the street.
They kicked our ass in the morning and afternoon drive.
Kicked our ass is what they did.
What else is this?
A lot of money, more nighttime numbers.
Don't send me anything else.
You're wasting my thanks.
Whatever's always.
What's sent us out?
We're chopping down a lot of maple trees.
Okay, you ready for these numbers?
Okay, here we go.
Let me just say this.
First.
Now, you were saying the other day and I certainly can cure.
I mean, I just, well, what's the point in my saying anything?
Because what do I know about radio?
Right?
The one thing about these people is that these are the most hard ass, impossible people.
They were impervious.
They just are impossible.
Remember the scene there in the end of the network?
We're trying to figure out how to get Howard Beale off the air.
And Mr. Jensen wants to take a personal interest in the Howard Beale show.
And wants him kept on the air.
Are you sure?
He is intractable and robert DuVolsa's.
He is intractable and immobile and there's some other word in there.
I figured it was.
Remember that?
Right.
Well, that's what these people are.
I think we need, in fact, it wasn't a square table.
It was a long rectangular table that they had that meeting in the ITT board room
with Howard Beale and Mr. Jensen.
I think that's what we need to have in the ITT board room.
And maybe I'll sit at one end and I'll scream like that baby did there.
You have messed with the primal forces of radio, Mr. Beale, and you will repent like that, you know.
You will not have the three to seven ISM.
Oh, the first page I don't have.
Well, we got it now.
I got everything I don't want anymore.
Please stop.
Stop.
I'm not doing that.
I'm just going to stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Stop.
Would you like the monthly?
No.
Oh, sure.
I would like the monthly.
She got those.
Maddie Bell has those.
No, Maddie Bell.
All the little Maddie Bell.
I'd step on his ass.
Would you like them on?
Please, maybe I'd like to see how we're in the toilet.
He's all excited because Power 96 got a big kiss there, huh?
Probably got a bunch of wired diaries.
6 to 10 a.m.
And it stops still coming over there.
Stop before you said stop.
Now, he's still saying this stuff.
I've been saying stop since Jesus was in the main building.
Joseph Henry saying, what's his thoughts?
That's depths of your destiny.
That's what Jesus says.
I've heard of us before you said stop.
And they said, I have to be because I've heard in hell.
No, Maddie Bell.
Can I please go back to reading these stupid ass numbers?
I could lie about them and just say, oh, we didn't get any.
We don't always have a rating.
I would try and try.
Here they are.
6 to 10 in the morning.
In the morning.
Radio Almor is number 162.
I already told you these top five.
I'll give you those.
No, speak any less.
C and QFM number six also knows how to speak any less.
Radio hit mono-speaking English is number seven.
And power my way up in the morning too.
Look at that way up there.
From 15 to 8, two four to a three six.
Now, let's get to the stations we care about.
If there are any way they might speak English.
I would be number 10 with a three one.
They drop a little bit.
Waxi, Joe Rose, six to 10.
He's not on the whole time.
But most of it, two six from a two on up to a two six.
Which is nothing right home about.
But, but then you go to the next page.
INZ, Scar America, whatever they got in the morning.
I have no idea.
It's a one eight.
They dropped a half a point.
And at the bottom of the third page,
WQM, dropping from a two point three from time for 17
to a one point seven, time for 23rd.
These monthly they're all persons that I don't think you want those.
They're all 12 plus persons 12 plus persons 25 54.
No, I don't.
Oh, a 555 54, my friends.
How come we can't get monthly's in men?
I don't know.
I don't know if we can't.
We just don't have them.
At least I don't have them on me.
When you stop, when you stop,
you can hear what I just got through saying to you.
Did you hear the number in the morning?
No.
That's because you're not.
Well, you're on listening.
You're just your posh.
Who's giving you all this crap?
Maddie Bell?
There's nobody in here right now.
Then what are you doing?
Where are they coming from?
Are they coming from?
Nothing from the tarweus.
They're coming from the tarweus.
Well, then you have to send them.
They're coming from more than five minutes.
We do take a baseball bat and whack him in the head for me.
Please, Chris.
Please.
Just not real hard.
Well, like I said, very hard.
Just once.
W.D. Q.A.M. in the morning from a 2.3 to a 1.7 from tied for 17 to tied for 23.
Across the street they had a 2.6.
Not much of a number.
We had a 1.7 with a square table and a round table.
And who's gay?
And who's not gay?
And straight or not straight?
And in or out?
Yeah, they didn't want to hear that.
I'm very important.
Maybe they just didn't want to hear that.
Maybe they were trying to tune it out.
Yeah.
What did you say?
Too bad.
We did great in the morning.
So what you just said?
Well, what's the rest of this stuff there?
Long after I said stop.
No.
Weekends.
No.
Yes.
No.
They were in a stopper.
No.
They were in a buffer?
Yeah, we had a lot of buffers.
Yeah, the family had a lot of buffers.
Okay, that's what Wily Chichi said.
Family had a lot of buffers.
Chichi.
Okay, now where we're going?
10 to 3 midday.
Men 18 plus CMQFM.
Oh my God, talk about no speaking English in this thing.
From a 7, I mean they've been number one all along, but they went from a 7.0 to a 7.6
in midday.
I mean, that's a huge increase.
Radio Mambino speaking English.
A number two from a 6.6 up to a 7.1.
W-I-O-D from a 5.0 up to a 5.6 from 4.5 to 4.3.
I-O-D in the morning.
And a midday.
Well, that's rush.
Well, maybe the right wingers got this while, of course, your people as well.
Same difference.
Radio Amor 49, they dropped a little bit from 3 to 4.
And then light love.
And then QAM midday from a 5.0 to a 4.1 from a time for 4.6.
This has been 18 plus.
So 2554 we always do a lot better, but even so, 4.1.
It ain't no 1.7.8.022.
You know what I'm saying?
What?
In fact, the 4.1 is, it's more than morning drive and afternoon drive combined.
If you combine 2.2 and 1.70, you got a 3.9.
We got a 4.1.
And that's 10 to 3.
You know what I'm exhausted?
I just want to sit down on the floor, put my head in my hands and just say, why?
Like Frato, you know, when he's sitting on the curb there,
if the day shot down, courted him, and hit him with 5 shots, and he's still alive.
And Frato is rocking back and forth again, again like that, you know.
Poor Frato.
It was you, Frato.
You broke my heart.
So that's it.
I mean, what else am I going to say?
I mean, nighttime, I could look at that, but it would probably be enough to make you cry.
If you're not doing it already.
I would do you had to 4.7 a night, that's probably the heat games, when you think Chris?
Oh, yeah, sure.
I and Z at night, I don't know what they got, 3.3.
I'm looking beyond that at night, 7.00 a.m. at night.
Are we on here at all?
Are we out of, from 1.8 to 1.4?
That's your Panthers hockey.
We love the Panthers.
Although it's better than the 0.8, we had last win over the Panthers.
And what about across the street?
Are they on the year night?
Or they got a 0.8?
Oh!
0.8, but in the meantime, morning and afternoon drive, they kicked our ass sideways to Sunday,
whatever that expression means.
I mean, kicked our bloody ass.
How do you like that?
Is that disgusting or what?
Yeah.
You did fine.
We did fine compared, yeah, but again, that is compared to everything or surrounding us.
Greated on the curve.
And you heard what Kenny said this morning at the end of the street,
and he said, we do the good stuff after the year goes on the year.
Well, you know, how about to let some of it, while you're on the year, would be good?
Would that be a good idea?
Do some of the good stuff, like between 7 and 10 while you're on the year,
not waiting until I'm on the year and you're on the hallway, would be good.
I think he was saying that you are the good stuff on the year.
No, that's not what he was saying at all.
Is that what you're saying?
I mean, I wasn't totally listening to it.
No, that is not what he was saying.
There were joking about the fact that the good stuff is off the year,
and he said, yeah, we do our best work after a meal comes on.
I mean, there was, see, you're in a mindset of like sucking up, kissy, kissy, kissy.
Well, I don't know how to listen to him when he said it, so.
And why is that?
And if I was in there, from this number, evidently, the audience is only half listening,
two, or maybe a third listening.
A one-seven, and you know, who's dancing on our grave now, don't you?
That's right.
I mean, if he would have had a one-seven, then we'd like to go in there and like take a net wig
and strap it around his ass, around his dingleberries.
So what you said about hard asses and...
I was saying that you can't convey anything to these people.
They will not listen.
You can't tell them anything.
They have all the answers.
They're the experts.
They're the radio mavens.
And we're sitting here watching the unraveling of a once-a-very highly rated
and very successful popular radio station.
We're sitting here in the midst of it.
And luckily, we're at least treading water.
You know what I mean?
Somebody threw us a life raft and we're treading water.
Four-one, which means between 10 and two, we probably have like maybe close to a five.
You know, 18 plus, that's not that bad.
Not great, but it's certainly not that bad when you're leading as a one-seven.
And if Kenny or anybody from the morning serves listening right now, all I can say is,
Yisgidhalva Yisgidhalva Shremehrabo.
That's my comment in Yisgidhalva Shremehrabo.
It means... you know what it means?
I'm dying out of here.
Right.
Now let's get back to the pool.
Oh, 11-11.
See, what we want to think if it was that much of an effort to actually finally get the numbers
and it turned out that they were okay or they were really great.
But to go through all of that angst and then find out that morning and afternoon drive
have just basically vanished from the woodwork, vanished in the north.
And this is what happens when you have a little boy program director who all he knows about it.
The Kings, the Kings, we got the basketball game.
Now let's pre-empt me and look at the Kings.
Yeah, we got a game of 145 today, boys and girls.
We're going to lose that quarter hour. It's going to be a big...
Oh!
Yeah, big number. Zero.
It's going to be minus infinity is what it's going to be the last quarter hour.
Because that's how these are all compiled by quarter hours.
So that one you can just... you can take it and flush it down the toilet.
Okay?
The tidy bullman is going to be laughing his ass off as he's watching that quarter hour just flush right on by.
Wherever, wherever, down the drain.
You know what I'm saying?
Nothing getting emotional about this right now, of course.
It helped the fact that it was so easy to get them though.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No.
Down south, where the mudwumps go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some full old, a station on.
New Frankland raiding old.
Oh, now I's north.
Carolina goes, rallies a big city, you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go for Golly Riley Jones.
I'll a new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joes.
Go to five, six, oh, with raiding in the toilet mold to get those.
Playings for full moes in order and control.
And then so Golly, Rolly, Jo, a vacuumer and in the note he lets moes.
Go and here's what blows if Golly is on show.
You'll make a big change and rearray.
It's worse for the same.
He hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air had to.
Jo don't have a stinkin' clue about a poor, not mad essentially blows for all radio.
The GM of five, six, oh, Jolly, Rolly, Jo.
I'm dying on the show.
2017 at 5.60 WQAM.
And how many people are going to be listening at 145 this afternoon.
And of course I'll put all this great stuff on right in midday and prime time when people are awake.
I'll tell you how many will be listening.
Yeah, that's it.
Kane's basketball, maybe from Tampa.
It's like what did I tell you before?
It's like the little children have taken over the radio station.
With Johnny Joe's approval and pad on the head.
You'll go ahead, Clarence.
And this one's going to be doing some work for Clarence.
And this one's going to be doing some work for him too.
And but I remember those memos.
Sure, this is a social club.
Right, a sports social club.
Like you said, a sports bar with a microphone.
Lots of promotion too, although quite frankly, some of the stuff we got on, I wouldn't be promoted in myself.
But you know, it could flush that money down the turd with along with that other stuff.
The tidal man's going to be real busy.
WQAM used to be great.
He said, you're asking who is on IMV in the morning?
Yes.
Who's the guy from the hero that they blew out?
The gym defeated us?
Yeah, they got him in the morning and they got mulloy on at night.
Well, what made me in the morning?
Like what time is he on?
9 o'clock?
I think it's like 6 to 9.
Is something like that?
6 to 9 in the morning?
Yeah, and then they got this...
They were like with the crane.
Did they take him out of his home with a crane and remove him physically?
I don't know.
What about channel 4 to be?
Looks like he ate out some shine.
Yeah.
And then they got mulloy back in the evening up over there.
And that's what they're running.
Well, running is the word.
Okay, thanks.
We're running too, man.
Running away from these numbers.
We're running.
Must be a mistake.
Must be somebody got a kiss.
See, you could say that with all the heavily, heavy, hulio.
Of course, this is 18 plus, which includes a lot of old users who are listening like a radio
mom B and stuff like that.
See, so when it gets to the 2550 more, that shakes out a little bit.
But even so, even so, these dreadful, and like I said, and today is a perfect example
of a poor Allison, which is his not her job.
She's got a schlepped down the street there to a kiss and they gave her a hard time.
Oh, your download long distance, our facts machine at Toronto.
We can't have that.
We could give her a stack of all these numbers, all mixed up with each other.
Yeah.
She goes, I need you to be...
That's the shind of facts.
She's got the...
Who's running that place now?
I'm telling you who's running it.
That's Joe Bell.
But there you go.
Of course, he's not here.
That's my point.
Absentee management.
And certainly, absentee program director.
Clarence.
An overgrown sports nerd child who all he wants to, and gives you a solid answer about how you
shouldn't be talking about religion because it's a tune out.
It's bad.
Don't be knocking religion.
But let me get you.
Can't you talk about sports?
Sports?
Of all the people in the world ask, can't you talk about sports?
George would be the love of the life.
Even a crazy person, even Muff wouldn't say, George.
I did a big tether ball show on that.
Yeah, tether ball, my ass.
Yeah, I'll get a big rope.
Okay.
Better be a real big one.
2AM, hello.
QAM.
And look at that.
I'm punching this thing.
It works once in a while.
QAM, hello.
That bacon is laid down to the rig.
Where are you at?
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Happy play to 31st anniversary.
Thanks.
I'm, it's a mirror glass.
I survived it.
Yeah, here you go.
Listen, the other day I was listening, you played a, uh, a bit from, uh, I guess, the
focal brine or whatever, but it was about, uh, Tim Hardaway.
It was knockoff on Tim Hardaway.
I just got to play the 20 minutes ago, yeah.
Oh, I missed it.
That was funny as hell though.
Well, good.
Go on that class.
Right down.
All right, man.
Okay, keep up the good work.
WQAM, hello.
They had a 2-1, by the way, in the across the street in midday.
We had about, probably between 10 and 2, about a 5, 4, 8, and a 2-1.
QAM.
That was funny as hell though.
That's the kid.
QAM going once.
Going twice.
You lose.
QAM, I think we win.
You lose.
QAM, hello.
Uh...
QAM, hello.
I'm not quite sure who you are with your game.
Yeah, we are.
QAM, hello.
You know what it says about Joe Balowick and Pee-Dee, if you idiotic, jerk.
WQAM, hello.
Doctor, you know.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You put the game on already.
I've been sick of listening to you.
Okay.
There it is.
Here's Joe Zagaki.
No, no.
He did it.
He did it.
See, but how be it?
At least he got excited, you know.
He had a line yesterday when I was listening for those 20 seconds and he said it in such a stilted, uh...
Kind of like an automaton way.
It was just...
I just wanted to sit here and cry.
But that's what I didn't say.
I was just turned it off.
Here I am, hello.
You sure that was Joe Zagaki?
It's Emily Kimba.
Yeah, it could be Kimba.
Me Kimba.
They're all interchangeable, right?
I believe that, yeah.
Nice.
I think that was Ted.
That was Ted.
QAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
You're...
Good afternoon, sir, yes.
You're missing a beautiful day in sunny South Florida.
Well, enjoy it, okay.
I'm glad I'm here and you're there.
Hey, listen.
Do you think they could pick up the radio?
QAM station up at that prison where a come one come all is?
That's cute.
That's cute.
That's all I got.
Very cute.
Line 9, is there a real call on here ever?
Project for Rosac!
Yeah, Project for Rosac.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
And in the goal, who didn't fall?
WQAM, not too many of it, Emily.
Not too many, a short line.
QAM, hello.
I'm T.C.
You're snapper.
WQAM, hello.
Why do you hate me, Neil?
I also...
You're an ass because you're a jackass, the world hates you, the Lord hates you.
Moses, Solomon, Abraham, Jesus, they all hate you.
That's why.
But have a nice day.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how did...
How did Hancock do, man?
In the rating.
Who?
Hancock.
Mancock.
Yeah.
You can meet...
He don't even make a blip on the Richter's side.
Well, all the bulls and boards that they got lining up, up and down.
You mean, billboards?
You haven't even spilled while you're not here, obviously.
Yeah, I did see him when I was there.
Yeah, I mean, they got billboards.
How do you like our billboards?
What billboards?
That's exactly correct.
Let's have a nice day.
You too.
Oh, in fact, I'll tell you what he did.
On midday, that station had a 0.3.
I don't know exactly what time they got him on now.
I don't have any idea what time he's on.
A 50 FTL, which they bring back the cul-legers of a station that always had miniscule.
That's always a real winner.
Bring back the cul-legers of a losing station.
Let's see what they did in the morning on FTL.
0.4.
Now, there is a number.
There is a second last in the entire list.
So, like I said before, Steve Lapis got the Midas touch in reverse.
Everything he tries, everything he touches turns for.
But who are we to talk?
I'm not not going anybody else not after the...
Although, like I said here in midday, at least we're hanging on.
At least we're still on the first page.
And then, of course, if you started adjusting in your mind,
you know, 25 54 and 10 to 2 instead of the whole 10 to 3,
it could be a reasonably respectable number.
And quite frankly, a gargantuan number as compared to some of the other stuff that's going on here.
I think if we just have a lot more Drew Rosenhausen and a lot more of those great segments
that Clarence has forced it upon those guys and the square table in the erectile.
I think if we had the oblong table, it's going to be the square table.
See, what you don't understand is because you're neal Rogers,
only because you're neal Rogers can you draw an audience.
It isn't because the other people are talking sports, you see.
And you'd be doing much better if you were talking sports.
Yeah, I was talking sports.
That's what they tell everyone all the time.
Is that really?
When you bring up this like maybe if we talked about something other...
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Well, that's because he's the legendary Neal Rogers and he can talk about it.
I mean, he already made a big number.
And here is Clarence.
I'm going to take this shot and get it into the slot.
Apparently, there's a sex.
Yeah, I don't care.
It's just a fucking shot.
There's some hockey stuff there with my good buddy Joe Bowen.
Come on, here we go.
So we play that disgraceful game from last night.
Out of a five, Toronto one, by the way, just mentioned in passing.
1132 votes on here.
I think that by the time we bail out of here at 145,
we got a good shot at the...
Oh, yeah, we'll have 1200 easy, right?
Oh, yeah.
Chris.
Yeah, you bet.
Yeah.
See, he doesn't agree.
He's so down in the dumps now.
In fact, before Chris started working,
this station was kicking ass before he came on the show.
That's playing the hit.
Oh, wow.
Yeah, let's play somebody beside the fact that we've got so much of this same old,
same old on and on and on.
These segments, I think I wrote windbag.
I think he's the Trojan horse.
You know what I mean?
I have no idea what I mean by that.
I think he's the evil doer.
He's the Andy Christ.
I wrote windbag.
Andrew Rosenhausstein.
And who else we got to segments with all these chronic horrendous,
grotesque embarrassing humiliating degrading on...
See, one gold...
Goldie.
Oh, and Geltie.
Yeah, he does it.
Yeah, he did so well there when he was doing that to 2-4 slot.
Let's put him on for at least one or two days away to talk hockey that nobody cares about.
The people who are running this radio station belonging in a padded cell somewhere
trust me when I tell you.
In a padded cell.
But hey, you bastard.
It's been good for my internship at the Uretings and Diodd now.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass say that I was to you.
And how?
Rackdoms.
Don't you get by somebody good enough to fulfill my begging pants?
Are you mean easy?
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back.
Outside of considering a lucrative act.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted to the down.
I wonder why that's easy.
Sure.
Oh, should be this small.
Oh, I don't think that we want it.
Oh, should be this old.
I don't think that we want it.
Oh, should be this old.
It won't grow.
Oh, I'm not worthy.
It's your choice.
I think your old train slots only got you today.
I said my brainings have bottomed out in this game.
What radio has to rebound me to?
The big day is the low one.
And we did.
Rack, all you need is now.
Now take it.
All you need is now.
And then I'll be in the green.
All you need is a show.
Don't blow.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Hold it and give it a shot.
It's a real fight.
What was your saying your ratings are dying now over there?
I think maybe at a point.
It's 11.44.
Not that the time.
12.33 is the time.
All the numbers all the time.
11.44 on the pool.
Which means we got 1200 licks.
And what's not to like, man, we got that highly rated hurricane basketball.
I'm up at 145.
And maybe in between we can have interviews with our win and win bag.
And the Deroz and Steamburg grants shorts.
What do you think?
What?
I said America is sitting on pins and needles waiting for that hurricane warm up with Clarence Dero.
With Josh aka Clarence Dero.
Don't confuse me with the facts.
I can't be bothered being program director because I was here being a U.M. Hurricane.
That's how it was.
That's right.
How much problem can he quit when he was over there?
Good point.
In fact, I think we ought to keep Monero doing all kinds of like pick up games and whatever.
Jack Spratt.
Spat.
How many QAM?
No, how you doing?
How's your first rebulated to you?
Thank you so much.
And I just wanted to bring one thing up.
I'm working with a guy.
I'm over here at Fortram with your radio show every day.
I want to do it in a tomb.
He wonders if he's going to turn into a baguette.
If he listens to your show.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I think we should do a poll on that.
I want to tell him that he's listening to get rid of that damn model that you're wearing.
Boy, these customers can't handle it.
Okay.
Thank you.
Great call.
5670560M.
I just want to take calls between now and whenever the hell we get out of here today.
That's what I want to do.
Just take as many calls as possible and then just collapse on the floor and just lay there for a while.
You know, staring at the ceiling.
Like, oh, why me?
You know, like Howard Beale would say.
Why me?
Remember that scene?
Oh, I had to.
Everyone.
I have chosen you to preach this much to Beale.
Why me?
Because your own television dummy.
There you go.
Mr. Beale.
Why me?
He was so great Peter Finch.
And now he's dead.
WNQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Let me get this straight.
They're taking you off the air to put on UM basketball.
We did that yesterday.
We did it 130 days.
Only 145.
That is correct.
Good one.
Good point.
And not even the game, but the pre-game show.
Not even a game, but the pre-game show.
The war month.
The four days.
Let me get my penphone pad out to take notes then.
OK.
Thanks.
OK, sharpen it up, baby.
And your pencil too.
That's not good enough.
You got a roll tape.
Let's give him some pointers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, you know, and of course the fact that then we got it on the middle,
right in the middle of the daytime when people, when the sun is shining and people are awake,
not real late at night like a lot of times we have some of this stuff.
It's kind of like filler.
You know, it's a fill in filler.
No, not like that.
But right in the middle of the daytime where the numbers actually mean something.
And there could be, you know, some business.
But why should I care?
The checks keep showing up a little bit early.
They keep clearing it.
What am I going to have like an app inflexio over this?
Absolutely not.
Absolutely.
New positively not.
I think we're doing great.
We're kicking ass.
WQA and hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, I don't even work in radio obviously.
I'm just needed to write.
And I'm depressed.
I mean, this is bad.
Let me just make a comment.
Whatever his name is, the big guy with the girl's name came or whatever his name is.
That guy has been around for so long.
Who's he sleeping with?
Who is he sleeping with?
Because I mean what we want.
If he's in a Monday morning, I'm sure he'll tell you.
Oh, maybe all the details.
The thing is, it's like even a long time ago, I first heard him on the radio with Matt Doggan.
And Matt Doggan sounded depressed being with him.
You know what I mean?
Kim was a great guy, but he is personality challenged.
He is as they said, he trade on the air $8.
I hate to use that term.
I've said it in many times before.
He's a great guy.
I like him a lot.
He's a dollar.
Oh, my God.
And so if I was going to pick, see, and this is the thing when you put him on there,
other than trying to make risky jokes about, you know, mostly which are way over the line
and they kept to keep dumping.
Oh, isn't that right?
What is he going to talk about besides sports and sports and more sports because he's the next job.
What are they going to talk about?
I just looked up dollars in the dictionary and yeah, you're right.
His picture is there, right?
Okay, thanks.
Neil.
Why does he not get in the bow of the mob?
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
1145 votes and a pull.
Another coming in by the one.
So you see how they jump off the band by getting by the trickling in by the ones?
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I just looked up.
Neil.
Yes.
Kim Boat, camp for great conversation.
I'll tell you why.
He's an awesome football player and even better radio host.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, man?
Okay.
Do you get more money if the station goes well as a home?
Of course.
Oh, okay.
That's what you're worried about.
Then put it on that stupid screen.
Yeah, I'm worried about money, man.
I'm really worried about money.
I don't know what the hell I'm going to do.
Yes.
Nice.
That's it.
That was outstanding.
How do you do that?
I don't know.
It's a magic trick.
It's like those Godfather drops that I can't do.
I'm over it all the time.
I know.
I'm bringing you straight out.
You broke my heart.
Yeah.
It's a magic trick.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
I want to show you the gacky, shallow, wacky home.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Up there.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Oh, remember those are the balloons?
Yeah, it was the balloon.
That was the balloon.
You should have waited for it to pop.
Oh, we can't do that.
Q-A-M, hello.
Not there.
Q-A-M, hello.
How do you sell a .7 market here?
Who's got a .7?
The other sports holds down on the dial.
Yeah.
I mean, how do you walk into a client's office?
What does that mean?
What do you mean the other sports?
Well, they kicked our ass in the morning and afternoon drive.
What are you talking about?
So they kicked our ass.
Why kicked our ass?
Why, see?
Why, see?
No, they didn't.
The hell they didn't.
They got a .7 on arbitrage on on the internet.
Six in the morning, seven in the night.
Let me see it to you again, sir.
I just had the new trend come in.
They kicked our ass.
What were the harshest person?
Are you sitting on any bills?
That was added?
One time they did it.
Yeah, one time.
Well, sometime.
I feel, well, you know what?
This time.
Now is the time.
Okay, I'm not giving them any marks for the crap they're putting on here.
That's the whole point.
That's the point.
It's not that they're kicking ass.
They're not doing great, but they're kicking our ass in morning drive and afternoon drive.
That's just unbelievable.
Two in the afternoon, we got a .22.
And a .26 in the morning, we got a .17, a .1.7 share.
Even in spite of gay or not gay and straight or not straight or a buy or not buy or oblong or other, the square table.
That's my favorite.
We're going to give a couple of bozos on the phone and ask them whether there's some of the dumbest questions in the instrument.
That is an ass kicking show.
I got it.
I'm telling you, I think Kenny's right.
I think right now those guys are doing a fabulous show.
That's a lot Friday, you bastards.
Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room, in the shower.
Maybe you play to the NBA.
You're retired and you have the need to express yourself.
Nothing says it better than a card.
New from Smallmark, the Tim Hardaway collection.
Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt message.
I hope they people.
The Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package.
Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question what's really going on with the sender.
You know how to let it be known, how to write gay people.
Say it with a card.
When you claim homophobia and protest too much, it's a cry for help and a greeting.
The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it.
Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection.
I hope they people.
From Smallmark, when you care enough to make a jackass of yourself.
Hey Timmy, you're fairly.
1245, I think that's what we need to do is get a lot more of that on there.
A lot more sports, man.
If we can just get much, much more sports, like Ray Perry once said.
If we have 75 sports stations, it's going to bring a lot more people to sports talk radio.
Right?
That's already out.
And he said that with a straight face, everybody.
It'll be a good thing.
Oh my God.
Yeah, it'll be great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We have one more hour calls here is what we're going to do.
I've got all kinds of stuff here about the former Major League pitcher from Del Rey since the
seven years for drug dealing, Ricardo Jordan and Yaudi-Odi-Odi.
I don't care about anyone.
I just don't care.
New evidence about ending the cold in the autopsy.
I certainly don't care about that.
I neither should anybody else.
I just don't know how to help wear a trading water at this point.
How we're still afloat.
You know, or you float.
So it must be your float.
A float and fly.
It's one thing.
It begins with an F.
Excuse me.
WQA M. Hello.
You have never tried a big black one?
WQA M. Hello.
WQA M. Hello.
WQA M. Hello.
How's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, what do you think about that cheap thing last night at the end of the game?
You got Chris Simon talk.
Didn't see it.
Didn't see it?
Didn't, I'm not saying again.
Didn't see it.
I'm sorry, D.O.
You got to find him, man.
Right through the throat.
Distincted the throat.
Just fine.
What do you mean what do I think?
He's a dirty player.
So what about it?
What do you want me to tell you?
Talk sports with somebody else.
Okay, loser.
Okay, talk hockey with somebody else.
Talk, call a guilty.
And work that number down to about a point, zero zero.
One millionth of a point.
I think we're working on that in certain day parts.
Just amazing how we've watched the degradation of what we used to have.
And it's just down and down and down and dropping and fading and just, you know.
Well, we're just going to have to try harder to be the best damn sports station in the market.
Oh, that's what Bruce Measley said right to my face with a straight face.
He said it.
It's a mantra that I'll show you.
It was just before he said I believe in a good days in a honest days work for an honest days pay.
And I was thinking to myself, I believe in this honest day work for a real bunch of me.
One of those things applies to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Hurricane's warm up at 145.
Is it possible?
Is it plausible?
It is.
WDQAM, hello.
Neon, neon, neon, neon.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
So I'm punching the two of you.
That's Mr. Bucky, you dummy.
See that?
I never even came up.
Wow, this thing is all the sudden.
I think it's revolting.
I think the whole thing's revolting.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, how are you doing today?
Okay.
I'm in Miami to go check out the Miami Film Festival.
There's this film called Glue.
It's Argentinian.
It's the best film I've ever seen in my life.
Really?
You should check it out as soon as it comes out like I'm video or something.
It's called Glue and it's not stupid or whatever.
It doesn't really get into the drug thing or whatever.
It's like they're doing it and you don't even know it.
It's the way we are.
And a proverb like you would love it.
No, they're perfect.
Pervert like me, like so.
Like, okay, good.
I love you, Neil.
See you.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
I had like a public service announcement.
I didn't, uh, western and I could stop by the Florida Highway Patrol on the Sardras.
Yeah.
And he says my license plate is the same because I had one of these Miami D'Auffins stickers that go on the...
Are you...
If I saw that, I'd give you a racer ticket if I saw a dolphin.
So I was going to say Patriots, but I figured I'd better be honest.
But can you imagine that?
Yes.
This is the third degree felony.
Yeah.
A third degree felony?
Yeah.
Really?
Yeah, so I mean, you know, it's...
So he didn't give me a ticket, but he said take it off.
He must have been a Patriots fan.
Yeah, there you go.
Okay, we'll take it off and leave it off.
Turn it off.
Like Howard Beale said.
Turn it off and leave it off.
Is there one Howard Beale said?
Yes, he did.
Something like...
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television.
Television says turn them off right in the middle of the city.
There you go.
10 before 1 at 5.60 W.Q.A.
I'm happy Friday to be a man.
Oh, man, this has been a real deal.
It started out on such a euphoric high.
You know what?
Everything was just hunky-dory.
And Jim Dory.
Mm-hmm.
And all of a sudden we got those numbers came out.
Maybe that was an omen.
Maybe my fast when she was trying to reject that crap.
That could be.
I doubt it.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello, there.
How you doing?
Okay.
I heard the morning show today.
And they said, yeah, Kenny was talking about your show is better than me.
What does that mean?
Well, it's that your show is better, you know, when he was talking about listening to a better show.
Yeah.
That it was your show.
Yeah, I am.
Oh, that's all.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks, Kenny.
Our show is better near show.
Well, at least the numbers are anyway.
I'll tell you that.
But it's no contest.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
That's weird about Terry.
You know, the interesting part of it is this.
I mean, there's so many interesting and frustrating and damning and grotesque and nauseating and sickening parts of it.
But part of it is this.
Yeah.
It's neither fish nor foul.
Now, some people would say, don't come to a foul or net with all due respect to the lately foul.
It's either fish or foul.
In other words, make up your mind.
What do you want to have?
You want to have an entertainment driven show, a comedy show, a, you know, entertainment based show in the morning.
Or, or, you want to continue beating yourself over the head and try to force a non-stop sports craft down the sorts of people that want to hear it 24-7.
Make up your mind if you want to choose.
What should you have to choose?
And so, as we saw, these guys are trying to do both.
And they got to do a Rosenstein Schmeckle in there.
And all these other people and Ira Windbag and all these prefabricated segments.
And what have I been telling you, man?
What have I told you?
Sure.
Absolutely, sure.
Yeah, but what do you know?
Deathwish.
Oh, I know nothing.
I know the checks do show up.
WDQAM, hello.
Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius, Sirius.
I think he was serious.
Oh, I'm a...
Do you think he was serious?
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM?
Yes, sir.
Did you hear the news?
Canada's stock.
It's stock.
What do you say?
What's the Canada sucks?
Like, he says Canada sucks.
You stay right there where you belong, pal.
Okay, we know why you're kind here.
Believe me when I tell you.
Just listen to these calls on this show and that will be a real good clue as to what
South Florida is all about, eh?
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I have a question for you.
Back then, I was deep down.
You were...
Like, you were buried around there and then you were just gone for like the year when it was
terrible once.
What happened?
What was the whole deal?
They paid me to go away because I was coming over to QAM and they didn't want me on there promoting that fact.
And so they paid me for seven months to go to Europe and have a great time and be a
pervert in that song.
And you, your God.
Okay, cool.
Thanks, Neil.
It was cool.
In fact, I'll take it right now.
See, I've got almost two years left.
Give me a check right now.
I'll go away.
Have a fantastic time.
Let me fit.
What are we not?
11, 6, 3 on the pool.
Oh, it's 1200's easy.
Easy.
No sweat.
Chris just laid back in the chair.
Took a deep sigh of relief.
Ah.
Like that.
All the way over.
I didn't realize that we got eight minutes left at an hour.
Yeah.
I realize.
12.45.
See, I still see if you guys screw us up, put it on a 130.
You know, now I'm 145.
1230.
Kind of a time.
Put it on a 130.
1030.
Put it on it to 1254 sounds good to me.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, the morning show I think has gotten a little better.
My concern when it first came on was that it was going to be a Y100 replica.
They've gotten away from a lot of that stupid silliness.
They're still a little bit of it.
They play some annoying, clapping thing all the time.
There's a lot of stupid giggling in the background a lot.
But it has gotten a lot better.
The mix of sports and some non-sport stuff is pretty good.
Yeah.
You can tell I've certainly reflected in the ratings.
There's no question.
You've got a 1.7 cheer on this radio station.
You must be really kicking some small ass.
I mean, they're good guys.
And I wish them success.
No, I'm not.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm not saying they're not good guys.
Kenny Walker, I don't know if he walked in here right now.
I wouldn't have any idea who was.
Kimba's a great guy.
But it isn't a question of whether they're good guys.
There's a lot of good guys out there.
But the question is, are people who listen to him?
That's the question.
Right.
And like I said, I think if they were stuck with...
Kenny did some of that Y100 stuff in the beginning where he would do the phone call with the old Jewish guy voice.
And it was very, very annoying.
And I don't even know why 100 for that reason.
I didn't want him on QAM.
But I think they're starting to get a right, a good mix.
Okay.
Let's see if we can stay alive.
We're going up here.
Just to be happy.
And there's numbers.
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
I wonder where you just jammed that phone.
Like, don't call him only.
Not a feedback.
WDQAM, hello.
See, this thing is...
I don't know.
This was fine for a few days.
But by the way, it's happening to me too.
I can't control it, either.
I see.
Hello?
Hello.
Yeah, boop, boop, boop, you're asked.
WDQAM, hello.
See, another...
This thing is totally screwed up now.
So now it's not bad enough that the numbers suck.
And it's not bad enough that we got this awful basketball game coming up 145.
So now we're back to our technical disaster.
And you want to know why?
Because we like to mix it up a little bit.
And...
Do you not...
Do you...
Do you not...
Do you...
Eat the worm?
The two-hour.
WQAM is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you too can have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course you'll work for free.
Call 1-800-WON-A-B and speak to our Director of Education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So, you want me a boycassel?
A boycassel?
A boycassel?
Yes.
What is that?
What?
Can you say news?
Yes, news.
News.
Yes, news.
Yes, that news.
News.
No, no, no.
I'll take you on the tour.
You need help.
Here we have the Zorro's Beginners course.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
We feed after me, man.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Wait!
Over here we have the Absect of the Riverway world.
Wait!
Don't watch me.
Wait for me.
Take him as your call.
Wait for me.
Go to the right now.
Wait up to me.
Wait up!
Wait up!
Wait up!
Wait up!
Wait up!
Wait up!
And over here we have to hike somebody to live him.
And open your bookstool when pages were seen.
We paid after me.
And...
No, that's what I wanted to repeat.
And...
And...
And...
And...
And the game is free.
And the game is free.
And the game is free.
And...
Yeah.
Yes it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM School of Broadcasting provide you
with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean, a 1.2.
with more than one level.
Come to us, let's get it right, come to us.
It's a 103-560 WQ.
I only got 42 minutes before that big pregame show.
Eric Hansen, BC in the ACC 30, all the initials
all the time in Tampa with Clarence CD and whatever.
And Josie, 5.670560.
Come on, let's get some real intellectual input here today
on these numbers and on the fate of AMR.
I think it's all finished.
I told you years ago that AMR radio was done.
And of course, FM radio now, see that's the one.
That's really finished.
Now with all the new gadgets that everybody's got.
If they want to hear music, they got their own music.
If they got their iPod and U-Pod and my- my- my- my- my- and all
this other stuff.
I think listen to music on the damn cell phone.
Where would have they want it?
Music that they like, music that they want to hear
as opposed to the grotesquely programmed music
on the Florida's FM radio stations.
So you put that all together and you got, you know, I'm serious.
Serious?
Serious.
5.670560.
Pond 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless time.
I mentioned Joe Bell is out there right now.
Wheeling and Dealing.
Getting a big billboard campaign going for us.
And-
Oh yeah.
You'll see.
W- W- Q- A- M- Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I thought I'd seen everything, but you're out of town.
You've probably missed this.
I turn on the TV the other night.
And there's Shaq giving Josh Friedman a kiss.
I'm the forehead right on the feet.
I'll tell you, I will win back as not too happy about it.
I bet I'll bet he's jealous, yeah.
He is.
Okay, thanks.
Thanks for the bulletin.
All right.
5.670560 and you know the rest.
W- Q- A- M- Hello.
N- E- L- E- C- Yes, sir.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay, pal.
Hey, listen.
You know what I like doing on Q- A- M?
I like listening to music.
You want to listen to the music with me?
Sure, no problem.
All right, I got you.
I got you.
I got you.
There you go.
I like playing soccer.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
I miss Florida.
We're going to play that going to the basketball game.
Middle six there.
Sounds good.
5.670560, 0560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
W- Q- A- M going out of business here.
Hello.
Mr. Roger.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Crawler.
You catch the season premiere of South Park this week.
No, but everybody tells me it was great.
I'm going to have a few.
How about you, George?
Yep.
Did you see the series before that one was they took our job.
Did you?
I've never seen that one.
I was a great one.
Yes, it was.
Have a good day now.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Everybody tells me I better see that.
I had a whole lot of rundown on it.
Yeah.
Whatever.
5.670560 and 0560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
11.75 on the pool.
We got 1200 Lake Boy.
Chris is going to write that on his arm just like in Momento.
Yeah, I'll tattoo it.
If you watch Momento, by the way, we haven't talked about the Easter eggs in a long time.
No, we have not.
In fact, it's not that far away at Easter.
So let's talk about Easter eggs.
Not the kind you put in the Tisca to task it.
Is that your basket?
But the kind that you can watch the whole lot of DB all those hidden things on the DBD.
Right.
Which I still think is really stupid.
I mean, when you pay money to buy a DBD, shouldn't you know?
I mean, should there be some kind of like secret cult or secret mystery about fighting the hidden features and how to watch Momento chronologically from beginning to end as opposed to like finding out that the whole damn thing was
As backward.
Well, that's the whole idea is to give you something fun to do, you know, searching around for all the little hidden secrets.
I see.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
You're a fine man.
Yeah.
Can you play the O.J. No juice?
No.
Well, we're not doing any questions.
Everyone, you get with it.
Why, listen, listen, I'm going to make you a challenge, okay?
So we got to say something.
Don't tell me to play something.
Say something.
Give us an opinion.
Give us a thought.
Give us an idea.
Say something.
Are you a fine man?
There he is.
See, it wasn't all that bad.
That was painless.
He said,
Hi, a pally.
Yes.
What?
We laughing about it was going to say I got him to say something.
It sure beats.
What can you play this?
Can you play that?
Can you play that?
No, what your radio show can do.
That's what we can do for you.
Ask what you can do for your damn radio show.
Unit widths.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
It puts sports radio in the basket.
That is correct.
With that in the cool.
Q-A-M, hello.
A-N-E-O?
Yes, sir.
And George?
You?
Yeah.
Oh, what's all this?
Woo!
Oh, maybe that was Bobby again, you know?
Bobby McGee?
No, the Bobby from our Myspace page.
He wanted to, uh, was, uh, hey, give me a shout.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
When somebody says, give me a shout, I was, uh, that usually is a pretty good clue.
What about a little bit of like that?
Q-A-M, there you go.
But then when he goes out of his way, he asks what the call-in number is, which, how many
times, uh, every hour do I say it?
About 30,000.
30,000 times an hour.
And evidently Bobby isn't swift enough to pick it up when I say it.
So I had to write it out for him, you know, like in shorthand.
And then he tells me that he called in the other day and made some kind of silly sound
on the ear.
And while it was just great, it was great.
I was out in the ear.
I was out in the ear.
I was out in the body.
It descended to Bobby.
Yeah.
And you're a boyfriend, by the way, you knew if I'm boyfriend, and when I was going to hook
you up with the, uh, lunch and the hot chick that was going to bring it back to me.
He's gone.
Yeah.
His profile is still there, but he is, uh, not with us.
He's no longer with us.
He isn't, you know, he's vanished.
So I think Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Well, I know I'm just vanished too.
Maybe we've all done vanishing out.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, well, at this point, are you just in it for the money or?
Yes.
Pretty much.
You've got to take the job.
Okay.
The collar is you hate everything.
Right.
That's it.
Now you got it.
Excellent work, sir.
That was a Colombo.
That's so, you know, you've come far from the days when you used to do it for free.
You used to pay for work.
That's right.
Just for the money.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm sure he goes to work every day for the love of mankind.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'm out there.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Johnny, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Work must be slow today.
He's so old.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I thought you was working for free, but I think that...
Hello?
Yeah.
Are you there?
I don't like being normal.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
What?
I don't like being normal.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
5.6705.60, pound 5.60, oh there's noody.
Noody's confirmed that you're not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
I'm not going to be able to do it.
That must be Bobby.
That must be Bobby, baby.
All right, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Get some health, Bobby.
Move into a cardboard box 29.
I ain't paying any more taxes to Uncle Sam 28.
Al Gore will have made a documentary about it by then 20.
How am I going to afford my nursing home 20?
Well, I still be able to use my credit cards 18.
I'm moving in an underground bunker 15,
and I'll slip my wrists three.
Oh, God, we can only pray which three of those might be.
Today you best, dude.
Here goes automatically.
How you made it by computers at the GOP.
Then it's the day that this time, don't let them.
That's just the old times, rumors again.
The brother of the other that runs in Toronto,
the doubts got another magic.
And through both of this, I know that you're not going to be able to do it.
And the ashes, we are not rumors again.
Tom, do let us in, let us in.
Those last half years, we have tried faith in the bad ones who have been let us sit up.
We don't feel bad, let us in, let us in.
We might have been able to do it.
Then those trying to push with your number.
Who can call their snuffles?
I know it's with all of them.
The Jews kill the rice of all the Jews.
Kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
The Jews kill the rice which is appointed by the fire.
Okay, 17 at 5.60 WQM, we got only a half an hour less, 28 minutes until that big pregame show.
And the clearance and the beast and all of these things.
Yeah.
I'm just going to take a rest.
Okay, that's fine.
We got 12.01.
12.01.
I think I'm going to go out like a fool with these people.
One thing about him, like you said, is intractable, and movable, like talking to a boulder.
Talking to a brick wall.
Just like his idea about the tapes.
You know, one thing about Joe Mann, he's consistent.
Every concept he comes up with is disaster.
It's a disaster.
It's insanity.
It's maniacal.
It's lunacy.
But nevertheless.
5.6705.6, I think it's so appropriate that there is nobody in management there today that we're just kind of like drifting drifting.
Okay, just as well.
Ship a drift at sea, you know, the ability to be specific somewhere.
Maybe we'll be lucky and we'll kind of like drift out of the South Pacific.
We'll find our own island.
W.A.M. Hello.
It's the one to two hour.
That was very enthusiastic, wasn't it?
Oh, that was really something. W.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, if you'll just work with clearance on some hot button sports topics.
Right.
You do peaks of two shares.
Yeah, okay, but thanks buddy.
There's buddy bug taxing with those hot button issues.
There must be somebody from the old taxing place, you know.
Yeah.
Could be.
Yeah, if you just get around those hot button issues, all these radio mavens, man, all these experts, all these programmers.
I'm not talking about the color.
I'm talking about the idiots like Bud Paxon, who fell into a bucket of crap and made millions and millions and millions and millions and millions.
Talk about a hypocrite.
Good, Gale.
Talk about a phony.
And then, according to him, he married the ex-swolves, she, uh, stripper or something.
What we heard, whatever she was.
32 a.m. Hello.
Wow, Neil.
First time in a long time.
Really?
Moved away four years ago.
Congratulations, sir.
Oh, I had to get out.
And I'm just driving.
I was down on Virobita.
Said, let me see if I can pick up Neil.
I drove all the way back up to where I live.
I'm getting close to Port Canaveral and can still hear you.
All right.
That is too cool.
It is.
Great single.
No audience.
Yeah, true, but still.
Great, radio accident today.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
Congratulations.
Don't come back anytime soon if you're smart.
Twenty past the hour.
I'm going to get some music ready.
I'm, I'm prepared here.
I mean, you know, we got 25 minutes, but always be prepared.
That's my one.
I totally used to have those dreams all the time that I was back this jockeying again.
Mm-hmm.
And I didn't have another record cut up.
It was always a panic about not being prepared.
One thing in his business, man, be prepared.
Especially when you work for people like we do.
Be prepared for a disaster.
Be prepared for something really negative.
Now, let's see, which one do I want to play today?
The baptism?
I don't know.
Is how exciting is that going to be?
I like that.
Open with it.
Oh.
I sound priding, no less.
I'm back priding.
Very clearly.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wow.
Woo!
Okay.
I think I got that all set.
Well, it's only two minutes long.
204 votes on the pool while those were keeping track.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, sir.
Yeah, sir.
Yeah, I eat first every day.
First of all.
Uh, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 with relish.
I'm sure.
And pound five, 60, and we've raised them singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Bring back to relin, all your problems are solved.
Yeah, there you go.
All your licenses solved.
Yes, I don't think about this morning show alleged.
It seems to me the concept is to find that line.
It's called, you know, the loser license line.
And to keep tip-tolling and dancing across it as much as you possibly can.
Very often going way beyond that line.
And then like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
And I think my self-teen had must have had something really good, you know?
I must have missed the punchline, that's something incredibly funny. Let's go it over your head, that's what- Now that must be it, and that's because it's sports talk, you know? I'm not qualified being the old fag purve that I am. I'm just not qualified to be in with that heavy-duty sports craft, man.
It's way beyond me, I just don't get it. W-W-Q-A-M, hello?
Q-A-M? Oh, I'm looking at it, it says the associate producer is a-
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
我就 not got the tip of me Yeah, a MX11 arm. Yeah, the shirt or ring that holding me timber, with me. Yeah. What was that, what was that, funny, not funny at all while I was sitting down here? Really? Well, yeah let's see what an sip of boxer
it, man, clearly. ya I can't, or is he,salute Boy?
I don't want none to do with him.
He is the biggest, you know, Hank told me about him.
The week that he started on this station, Hank sat in there in the morning,
I was going to read to my show, and Hank came in and he said,
he's a BS artist, you know, a Vouchman artist.
And he talks a lot of crap. And that's right.
Everybody says best, but he was in New York.
He beats Stern's ass, which of course is a total bunch of crap.
And he did this, he did that, okay.
The only thing he ever did was get canned everywhere.
He ever worked.
I mean, just totally out of control.
But that's going to solve our problems. Let's get for road back.
What do you think?
Water pipe.
There you go. That'll do it.
1205, I'm going to pull. We got a lot of votes and a pull.
Not a lot of listeners on the station anymore, but that's going to change in 145.
Then you'll see, then it will do it.
You Rogers.
4th radio, 560.
You all will win.
The mortals are straight.
They're never happy.
They never get paid if they hold a low.
The miracle of modern medical science enables us to take you inside the sport-hole mind.
Listen closely, and you will hear the process of thought inside the mind of us,
the sport-hole.
Hmm.
Hmm.
Hmm.
The catch.
Hmm.
And 560 WQAM.
We actually cater to these individuals by force-feeding them sports 20 hours a day.
Why not? Nothing helps with going on.
Hmm.
Fire beyond retarded in lifeless.
It is our deepest hope that he can avoid a BMW.
Hmm.
The catch.
Cool, let's touch him and see what he does.
Hmm.
I can't wait to get my knee here.
Cool.
Cool.
The catch.
Cool.
Intractable, immovable, impossible.
It's 130 WQAM.
Only 15 minutes away from Hurricane's warm-up.
I'm right, man. What more could you want?
Huh? Is life sweet or what?
Yeah.
It's 107 votes on our pool.
I'm not going to be the result again because it's an embarrassing pull.
As a matter of fact, I think I'll get to some of my stuff here because obviously the cause we've exhausted so many phenomenal calls here today.
In fact, I'm just exhausted.
Oh, there is one here. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, I heard you got out of the car, got back in the herd.
You say, yeah, that's what we need to scout for real back on radio.
And I thought, you said something about how to scout for real.
He goes, yeah, that's what we need to have Scotty back on.
I don't say that I was being sarcastic. That's not where I said.
No, okay, well, I mean, that's what I heard.
But anyway, I got a new vehicle that came with the serious satellite.
Yeah.
Which isn't too bad, but he's on it.
Night on.
No, that.
Yeah, he's pretty good, man. He's pretty funny.
He's able to do the stuff that got him in trouble down here.
Right.
Nice talking to you, Neil.
Good, good place for him.
Okay, thanks a lot, pal.
I'm serious, good place for him. Keep him out of our face.
He was a left-handed pincher with a killer curve ball, a local boy who made it to the big leagues.
It's a sports story. All right, Claire, it's so proud.
How does it peacock?
Well, a standout Atlantic High School in Delray Beach, Ricardo Jordan pitched shot out
and hit home runs before, joining the minor leagues and eventually suiting up for the majors.
During his short career, he pitched a total of 69 games for the Blue Jays, Phillies,
Mets and Reds before being released by the Reds in 98th.
Now, Jordan is going to prison sometime between the time he played his last professional baseball game.
And March 2006, Jordan turned to the career of selling the rules.
It was not a casual small time in Denver, 30s said.
Jordan 30s is pretty guilty of staying in Palm Beach County circuit court to three counts of trafficking in cocaine.
And one county to sell in distribution in Marigewini, baby.
Uh-oh, walks out for their Marigewini.
He was sentenced to seven years in prison, a maximum amount of tourist sentence for selling more than 200 grams of cocaine.
He was facing a max of 205 years in prison after being charged with selling drugs to wonder coverage
and some three occasions last March in August in Delray Beach.
Assistance did, it turned to E.R.L. Nido, said Jordan was a mid-level drug dealer who was selling powder cocaine
and Hydroponic Mirawan, excuse me, Hydroponic Mirawan, and especially potent form of weed harvested in grow houses.
The kind of Georgia is just dying for right now.
Hmm? I got some.
No good.
I don't know where they was dealing with other cover agents from Delray Beach Police and the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Jordan sold the drugs from his Delray Beach home on Jagger Drive twice.
J-A-E-G-E-R. Jager Drive twice.
And that agent's for another buy to restaurant on West Linden Boulevard.
The largest cocaine buy was worth 50-800 bucks.
He also sold a pound of wacky weed for 4500 bucks, but a beep bit of a beep bit of a buck.
Any interest?
No.
Anybody here?
No.
Another drug dealer?
Next job.
Well, it's where it goes.
Those were the territory.
So what do you think about that hit by Chris Simon?
All of us said they're all hockey fans, you know?
Because there was some ugly hit and some unnecessary by some goon, some thug.
And that's the, come on, world hit somebody.
Well, you people know about hockey in South Florida.
I could stick into a thimble and have room for my fat pimpley S-left over.
How do you like that?
And for every other pimpley S-I know that all fit in there.
The Florida Panthers is a phantom franchise.
It doesn't even exist.
It's not even for real.
Phantom franchise.
WNQ-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
Listen, I've been listening to you guys show forever.
I mean, yeah, well, not 100, but a long time.
That morning show that you guys got now,
obviously the worst morning show ever.
There's just no chemistry between Bow and Kenny.
It's just, it's strained.
You feel it.
It's just, it's fake.
It's forced.
You know, I used to listen to you guys all the time in the morning,
Hank and whoever else was on there.
And even Joe when he was there.
And I find myself there to once more.
I just, morning, well, morning drive blows.
I mean, you did, there's nothing to listen to.
You bounce off between the idiot, mad cow, man cow,
whatever the hell he is.
He's awful.
And then you listen to the feedie awful.
Jim, the fetus?
Oh my God.
I had a radio accident.
I accidentally stumbled the pilot.
I was just off the road trying to change the channels.
Good, golly.
It was, it was bad.
I mean, just honestly, I just, I listen to you.
Most videos aren't figured out to get his body through.
Yeah, it's pretty bad.
I just listened to you guys from 10 to 2.
I turned the radio off and then I just listened to my downloaded stern tapes
from the bit toy.
Well, God bless America.
Yeah, that's it, man.
Thanks for having a change of morning.
Thanks.
Bye.
Yeah, but that's square table, man.
That's doing it.
And of course, straight or not straight.
That's my favorite segment.
Heterol or homo or, uh,
see, you were telling me that this is the thing because I don't listen to
if I'm warning shows.
And of course, being an old toad like I am.
See, once upon a time, they didn't do that.
You know, back when we actually wanted to listen.
But now everything is a re-fabricated segment.
So here's the square table.
Here's the gay or not gay.
Here's, uh, Drew Rosenstein Schwartz-Pranse.
Here's, uh, Ira Windbag.
You know what I mean?
Over and over and over.
Oh, you know, how about a little bit of floater?
You know, like, like, I'm in sure.
We don't have like, uh, segments.
We go with the floor, baby.
Listen, this is a triad and true formula that works every time.
Uh, I can see that.
Let me read those numbers again.
Play like men, and they look like women.
They'll be coming down for heaven who puns in patisee.
I break the quirly, hey, you wish I'll accrust the USA.
Put your corner, what's this idea?
The scry and dally who?
There's a bunch of queers again this year who say,
Oh, I wish to.
Oh, God, I love the ae-wish.
And listen, of course, you're gay.
If you are, you won't be marching upon sin, patisee.
You can be a bum, a bucket of stomachs, sure, and that's okay.
But you can't be a you shifter, dee-e.
Now the order of hyper audience, those emanences great,
have delivered this pronouncement upon the blessed day,
sure a little bit of heaven fell and nestled in the sea.
But you're gone straight to hell for homosexuality.
Oh, come, love the ae-wish, as long as men are men.
Except perhaps the number of pounds we've never been sure of ever.
He's thinking drunk and hurling, drunk will laugh it all away.
But you can't be a you shifter, dee-e.
Oh, you can't be a you shifter, dee-e.
Don't even cry, be an ae-wish, you shifter, dee-e.
You fairy.
141 at 560 W.D.Q.A. I'm happy weekend, do you, man?
Hope everybody has a wonderful weekend and a splendid time
and a spectacular life and a...
I think he's baking.
Yeah, there you go.
Hanky's banky.
Schmanky.
Anyway, we got that big pre-game show coming up,
so all the dials around town are going to be like moving into the opposition.
Now, 125 votes on the poll.
I'm not too shabby for a really very marginal poll, if I say so myself.
Do you think it was the marginal of best?
It was.
It wasn't one of Charlie B's better efforts, but I got a pile about 700 of his really good polls.
I'm saving them for the future, just in case we decide to come back.
A rat.
Yeah.
And you know what really pisses me off is that it really loses the process of street.
Now they're going to be saying, oh, look at the end.
Of course, Barry Jack has to be writing about in the hero.
And the ticket kicks 2 a.m. says some morning after the drive.
You know what they're going to be doing.
Right.
Like they got something going.
And not mentioning you, of course.
Oh, first night.
I mean, this isn't no sports show.
Does this even count?
Oh, of course not.
This is just fall to all, man.
This is just a within-tooth or whatever it is.
Well, is there anything you want me to tell Barry?
Just let me know and I'll tell him when I see him at UM.
Yeah, outside.
This is where you ought to tell Barry.
You're fair.
That's all.
He'll relate to it.
Probably when you're like, huh?
No, I don't like it.
Oh, hell no.
You're fair.
I can say you're fair.
He'll turn around immediately.
He'll know who you're talking to.
Barry Jack asks.
Hey, make sure that mommy don't mix up the peanut butter and jelly with the baloney sandwiches
next week, Barry.
You little quizzling.
You little turd.
You're fair, idiot.
Well, the tarot has a relationship with the princess relationship, okay?
But you know something?
They kicked our ass in morning, drive, and act in drive.
And that's embarrassing.
They shouldn't be in a ballpark.
For a very long time, they weren't in the ballpark until Joe Jersey Joe Bell decided he was a radio
maven.
Until he thought he knew something.
And that, of course, it all happens when people think they know something.
What?
Then they become really dangerous.
Then we should fear them, as the old saying goes.
I don't know how long this thing is.
What's wrong with you?
I'm like a funeral, dudes.
And I think it's very appropriate.
And more ways than one.
Canes at BC, baby, ACC from Tampa.
Don't reach for that idiot now.
You're going to enjoy this.
Did it?
I'm dying out of here.
It's a pickup, all right.
Pick it up and keep it.
We're the posts on this thing.
You better pause it, though, because I'm not sure it's going to last long enough to go to the end.
Well, I want to make sure I don't want the music to run out.
And then be sitting there with just their, you know, an-
Oh, it is.
We got music while it's in the case.
Wow.
This is a make-up.
Trust me when I say it.
I'm not going to let you down, but I'll time do it.
I'm the power of Christ to help you, oh!
The power of Christ to help you, oh!
The power of Christ to help you, oh!
The power of Christ to help you, oh!
The power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of
Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ, the power of Christ—hello Amazine! Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. oh my god. oh my god. Oh my god.
