Hey, I don't even know this yet. I'm 31 years on the radio for Neil.
Congratulations.
I have the anniversary of a beautiful 31 years.
We're happy to make it 31 weeks.
We can't wait to make it 31 days.
We didn't think we'd make it that far.
But what's my career and perspective there?
You want to squat yourself a loser at Neil.
Congratulations. He's next. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for listening.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts,
and collars, and you want to reflect those of the busy growing.
What do you say? You're fairer. Thanks, Danny.
What do you just said?
The biggest name of the best talent this is sports radio 560.
At the anniversary of Neil.
The latest news of a good cut.
Oh, I can't reach it.
I'm a back anyway.
Can't reach that either.
I'll get your back scratcher.
Got my teeth cleaned yesterday and it was almost...
For those people who say size doesn't matter.
Well, it does.
Of course, I'm talking about the new 2007 Lincoln Navigator Al with 128 cubic feet of cargo space.
And over 15 inches behind the third row seat, there's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying.
And because of the Lincoln, you get a luxury and warranty you've come to expect.
Recently, Navigator for only 4.99 a month for 39 months.
At South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercer...
...for three years for you.
And the Enverser leaves for you.
And the Enverser leaves for you.
For the past.
Oh, for the past.
I'll be your friend.
I'll be your friend.
I'll be your friend.
I'll be your friend.
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation,
Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for granting us this interview, Brian.
Brian, do you have any idea how he tarted you sound?
Let's...
Show you what I mean.
Here's how you sounded back in 62 from this early Beachboy recording session.
Hey, man.
Did you like it?
Yeah.
Oh, he's here.
Right here.
Man, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen.
Do you like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Do you like it?
It's a little hard to dance, too.
Do you like it?
Yeah, very nice, Brian.
The Brian Wilson collection of burned out compositions.
Do you like it?
Oh, yeah.
The great master copy available now on eBay.
Do you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
So, speaking of 31 years on the air in South Florida, let me ask you one thing.
Do you like it?
Yeah.
I like the paychecks.
10th and 25th, baby.
Those are the highlights of my...
And it's the first in March.
Holy moly, right, man.
What kinds of things we got?
We got the eyes in March, right?
And then at the 15th.
Right.
And we got the L-Sync with a myon, not too far down the road.
And you know, what else is getting really, really close?
No.
What?
George, by the way, is a little under the weather.
Oh, yeah.
I'm laughing about it.
And a sadistic way.
I'm so sorry.
I apologize.
Don't worry about it.
It's all the time.
I do worry about it, because if you croak for something, what do I do then?
Then Chris moves in on your job.
Right?
If I'm trying.
I mean, this isn't here, too.
Chris has been extraordinarily nice to me lately.
I don't know what he's looking for, but boy, he was...
He was...
Oh, yeah.
When you were on the throw in this morning, man, he was kissing my ass so hard I've got cheekburn.
Wow.
Oh, he's scared of me still.
How about your friend?
He doesn't know that Succ-a-N-A-S doesn't really help you in your case, so he'll find out.
I was just trying to fill in for George while he was, you know.
Oh, the phones are working.
First, thanks to all.
We've got a lot of nice people there on our MySpace page.
How many do we have, by the way?
We got 1,1239.
Is that the correct number I wrote it down?
1,1239, including a couple in particular, who are of great significance.
And one, especially of great significance.
1,1239.
And a lot of people sending an anniversary...
A lot of people saying happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
I spend the yesterday because of the MySpace page is the...
The New York Roger Show.
And so when you all made the page, you put on there how old and you put...
About 30 minutes.
The show had been on about 30 years.
So it's the age of the show.
Although I'll tell you one thing, I should like to be 30 years old.
I want to know right now, wouldn't that be nice if this was my 31st birthday instead of anniversary?
All right.
Well, would I be dangerous then, man?
I would really be dangerous.
I wouldn't be sitting here.
I'll tell you that I would be too busy.
So thanks to all.
And I'm sure you'll be just flooded in there.
Look at that. There's already a couple of lines ringing.
I can see the phone because it works.
Wow.
You watched this first one, WQA and Hello.
I just want to say happy anniversary from all of us at the nervous hospital, Neil.
Oh.
Happy right over.
Now did you ever see a slim blade?
Yes.
Okay.
That was good.
Can I get to my pile here or what?
No.
Hey, it was good first call.
I'm actually going to be really special today.
You'll see.
Arthur and Slesinger is dead, Jr.
No comment?
The Pulitzer Prize winning historian and Kennedy and Saturn helped to find mainstream liberalism
during the Cold War and remained an eminent public thinker.
They stinker at the 21st century as died.
He was 89.
Well, I'd like to make it to 89.
That gives me another 25 years to bug the crap out of everybody.
And another 25 years on here.
I've got an email.
I don't even know you disagree with what you said.
But you've got to admit, this is a pretty, it'll be due to your great topics.
Material wise, it's great, it's gold.
Yeah.
And my sympathies were being married to a gay guy.
But you started.
You are going to make it a trocon.
I'm not going to allow you to make it a trocon when I read her brilliant three pages.
Arthur Slesinger suffered a heart attack while dining out with family members Wednesday at Manhattan.
Oh, that's bad when you croak at the dinner table.
He was taken to New York downtown hospital where he died.
Can I tell you something?
I wasn't going to say this on the air or off the air to anybody because it was, you know,
see my mother had this thing.
I think they called it hiatus, hernia, hiatal, hernia, whatever it is.
Where the food kind of comes like back up at you, you know, where you don't swallow real well.
So the spit, okay, but anyway, so I kind of inherited that from her.
And in my later years, especially if I'm eating steak, any kind of meat.
And if I don't chew it well, I'll start like get like a lump.
You know, I'll have that expression about lump in your throat.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, this is literally like a lump of food gets stuck in your throat and you have to
like wash it down with water or whatever you're drinking.
And otherwise, you feel it for a moment or two, you feel like you're going to choke it up
your student.
You know what I mean?
Have you ever had that?
Yeah.
You have had that.
We have a soft, it's problems in the family.
That's why I got a piece of it.
It's the primal sack and all that stuff.
Oh.
So anyway, when I was having my very famous lunch with my friend there at the Capitol Grill,
a week or a whenever was, a last Saturday.
So I'm eating my steak and we're, you know, keeping my, this is the first time that we've
actually met face to face and it's a very exciting day for me.
And I'm sure for both of us and we're sitting there enjoying a great meal.
And I take a bite of my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my Oscar.
You know, with the crab meat on top, it was really good.
And I get this thing, you know, where it's like stuck in my throat.
And I'm like, and I'm not saying anything.
You know, and you're trying the best to like disguise it because he's talking,
thank you in the service store.
Bap, bap, bap, which is great.
And I'm like, you know, I'm sipping a little water and just praying.
And then the greatest moment of all is when finally it like, you know, you can feel it like a zoom
down through your stomach and into your, wherever, wherever it goes, you know.
Where does it go?
Down.
And you're stomach.
We're through all those long cheeses.
You know, I thought I was going to choke to this right there at the dinner table.
It would not have been a really good thing.
I mean, you know, fat rich had a heart attack and died at Pomano Park during dinner.
And he had the super too.
He had the suit.
I certainly hope that, well, this is a bad thing to say, but I hope that all of my good friends there
and his relatives, I hope that they like frisked his entire body before they took the carcass away
because he always had this habit of hiding tickets, you know, under his armpits.
Oh, you know how fat people had a winner?
Yeah.
Well, he said he had the super effect.
I don't know how much it paid.
And I guess at this point, it just make too much difference.
I had the super, oh, allergies.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Well, I tell you one thing.
I certainly hope these aren't, oh, village voice.
I thought maybe, you know, this thing is buzzing up the storm.
914 votes on the day.
And they're not really votes.
So we should easily have 45,000.
It's not a poll.
It's a survey today, which we'll get to eventually.
And between a million calls saying, happy 31st anniversary, Neil.
In fact, I don't know if I can still play that.
Is there something in that public's bag voice thing?
Happy and tough anniversary from the bag voice of publics.
Happy 12th anniversary, Neil.
Yeah, I'm a bag one.
My name's Jason.
Great.
That was back, I think, during the day today.
So the INZ days are not really sure which.
When I was always googling the bag voice.
Some of whom I'm afraid may have been underage.
That's really bad.
I better not be doing that now.
I'll come and drag my fat ass away.
Well, what's the difference, isn't it, you know?
Doesn't cost anything to look, right?
Right.
They had brief shields slapping her ass when she was 14
in those days in TV spots.
So what's wrong with that was some bad.
Yeah, that was that was very wrong.
Who was it that said that?
Who was president at that time?
No, no, no.
Was it Reagan?
I think probably old Sa Ji, Ronnie Reagan.
That's wrong.
Or whoever was some idiot.
I think it might have been Clinton when he fell right down to it.
How old is he now?
I don't know, Fitty.
Brief shields is 15.
Get out of here.
Are you a crazy person or a what?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, we know that.
I'll find out.
Yeah, look at the Google Brief shields.
They will know exactly who it was.
I think it might have been Bubba, which was let's see.
He came in in 93.
42.
42, isn't that wasn't him?
Well, she was 42.
That means 28 years ago she was 14.
So 28 years ago from 2000 is 81.
And 20 is 79.
So it would have been Jimmy Carter.
Oh, that's bad.
I got to be able to.
Yeah, less than his heart, but not in his part.
Good.
I got to be able to be able to.
That didn't pull too many peanuts.
I think caused the bad parts.
Oh, sorry.
I just dumped myself.
OK.
I don't know why I can say the word on the year.
I can say fart on the year, but I think I don't know.
I thought we were dumping it.
You said peanuts.
Pnuts.
I said peanuts.
Yeah.
That's the way we have a lot of that.
A little pool going on between me and Chris here.
Yes.
See what I'm going to cook.
If we pass out first, then I win $100.
And if we throw up first, then he wins $100.
All right.
It's the old pass out and throw up kind of secure.
Q-A-F.
That's it.
Which the sole first.
Because the fumes are just nauseating and they're
nobody seems to care about that, but that's OK.
Well, I get to 10.
He's a three-page.
She just rips the beesleafness rater station and ass.
That part was great, which I think is sensational.
Well, we'll get to it.
I mean, that's as you go through the thing about, you know,
are you people kidding straight men don't have gay sex?
And I know that she's telling the truth, but, you know,
arguing with George about this is like trying to, and especially.
Listen, let me say it again.
I'm not interested in having this debate with you again,
because, you know, it's you being the expert on gay sex
would be the guy being the expert on women's breath.
I'm not interested in the words.
It's straight.
Yeah, OK.
Straight to the bull.
Here's the poll yesterday, $1422.
And this, of course, is what incited the wild three-page
page-fac from Tammy, which is great.
Have you ever been propositioned by someone of the same gender?
That's the poll question.
Yes, but I refused to do it.
630.
Almost half.
44.3%.
Yes, but I refused.
I kept my honor.
I kept it in my pantaloonies.
Know what I don't care to be formed in 18.
I hate this poll 125, 8.7%.
Well, even my anniversary, that was pretty nasty.
Yes, I agreed to, and I liked it.
117.
I liked it.
In fact, when they got done, the partner said,
do you like it?
And they said, yeah, huh?
Let's try it again.
No, but I wish somebody would ask me 43.
Yes, I agreed to it, but I hated it only 37.
Wow.
I'm gay, and I did it with a straight person, 22.
I'm gay in a straight proposition, me 19.
See, that's one I just, it doesn't make any sense to me.
Does that make sense to you?
No.
Well, nothing makes sense to you.
I'm gay and I was refused by a straight person, 7.
I'm gay, but I wish I could do it with a straight person.
Solomon take quadru, only four.
So, tanto, quadru.
As we get really linguistic here on this show.
Yeah, right.
Because I'm a genius.
I'm a freaking genius.
Just ask me, and I'll tell you, 31 years in this horseball town,
baby, today.
And of course, a lot of people have thought,
you know, a lot of big deal.
Like, oh, geez.
I mean, another one of these anniversary shows.
Yeah, why not?
You enjoy it.
And in fact, the poor is, the poor will George and Orr Christ survive
to live through the four hours of the show day
and hitting all those toxic fumes.
Sounds like a major, major, massive lawsuit to me.
You're in the biggest name of the best talent.
Look at the faces of little Rodgers,
the sportsweight of the H.60.
You A.M.
Alan Box was a normal man with a wife, children,
a summer home in Opalaka,
and a chain of radio stations.
Geico, real service, real saving.
Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago.
Hi, honey.
How was your day?
Unbelievable.
Terminal.
There's nothing but subhuman back down there.
Alan Box is suffering from Neal Rodgers disease.
Have you canceled the Miami Herald yet?
But honey, we don't subscribe to the Herald.
Oh, now that's a cop-up.
What kind of a lame excuse is that?
Just say no to L. Herald, sir.
Huh?
People afflicted with Neal Rodgers disease
have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings.
What's the matter with you?
Blue hair don't bagged from femoral pines.
You know, the infants will say,
all meal.
How can you say those nasty things?
Running around, stealing, sweet and low.
Can I get you anything?
How about those bad boys at Windixi?
You know, it doesn't hurt to look.
Incredible.
Neal Rodgers disease of growing South Florida epidemic.
Please help us find a cure.
Honey, it's Friday night.
You know what that means.
Hey, you know what I got?
A nine.
A nine.
What slewfowler got?
Three points, don't think?
Send your tax deductible contributions today.
In carob hot 105.
Terminal.
I'm on the label.
1018, I like that.
That's how to really good.
Let's figure out what we're going to keep doing that for the SN.
Here's today's survey.
It's not a pool.
It's a survey.
We want to have 45,000 votes on here.
This is like just asking a simple question.
It's like paper or a spastic, you know, like that.
God.
How long?
And I don't believe that I only send Josh three stories for the website.
Three new stories.
Okay.
That's possible.
Three bedtime.
It is possible.
There's only three.
I guess I could have done it because I was so into my pre-interview.
Pre-anniversary.
I don't know.
Get your hair done.
Look, they don't say this to you.
Every year on the first of March, March 1, 1976.
I think I'll tell a story on the year about the Sid Lavin and my phone call from Uma Arizona
from a shopping mall.
Which is how I came to this town in the first place.
I came to a radio in South Florida from a phone call and a shopping mall in Uma Arizona.
Anyway, 857 tallies on here so far.
How long you've been listening to the legend?
I didn't put a legend.
Eric did it.
Thanks, Eric.
And by the way, thanks for the bill too.
See other people send me beautiful emails on my anniversary and happy anniversary.
Eric sends me the latest bill from the bill.
Oh, for the, whatever we call it.
What do we call it?
The band width.
The band width.
Kind of like the beach boys.
What was the band width, Brian?
You like it?
Anyway.
857.
How long you've been listening to the legend during your rogues, Eric puts in there.
And I am legendary.
At least one by the way, 183.
And under my anniversary, man, I worked like crazy.
Do you believe that?
No, it just happened by accident.
But anyway, 183.
That's the lowest I've weighed in ages, years.
Years.
Aren't you, you're thrilled with that.
You're not usually too thrilled.
I always say I was.
And you're thrilled with that.
And of course, you're barely breathing in there.
It's like I'm just like, what?
Yeah.
Even Chris, even Fat Chris said, hey, congratulations.
That's right.
See how my inspiration to Fat Chris.
I'm going to keep him alive.
Exactly.
Because he's a good guy and he likes to kiss my ass a lot for whatever reason.
And don't feel bad about that.
I enjoy when people kiss my ass because it doesn't really happen much anymore.
Years ago, I used to hate that because I thought I was boring.
But now that I'm old and daughtering in a fool, you know, I kind of enjoy that.
I remember that.
I'll buy you a tube of chapstick.
No, I don't have to remember.
You just, you're an expert already.
How long you've been listening to the legend during your rogues?
12 to 20 years.
305.
305.
12 to 20 years.
In fact, you know something, if these people are being honest, 20 to 30 years, 20 to 20 to 30.
So if you put those two together, you've got 512, almost 60 percent of it, listening between 12 and 30 years.
You know what that is?
That's unfeeling.
It is, isn't it?
What?
9 to 12 years, 142.
Don't let me forget the K8 Easter when you made Arizona.
I'm trying to think of the name of the station out there.
Oh, and you, Arizona.
Also, I almost took a job one time at Lama Ohio at WIMA.
Nothing to be finer than to turn down a job in Lama.
Well, the owner of that station was a crazy person.
Also, there was a station in Trenton, New Jersey.
I almost took a job there.
And the owner was like the mad professor with a wild white hair.
You know, shooting out all directions like Einstein without the brain, kind of.
Didn't take that job though.
Trenton, New Jersey.
Couldn't find a place to live.
And you know the name of the station was WBUD.
BUD.
Buddy Bud Bud.
As in Rose Bud.
How's it going, Bud?
But anyway.
9 to 12 years, 142.
Listening 5 to 8 years, 155.
2 to 5 years, 73.
Since day one, 16.
Oh my God.
We have 16 people out there.
And of course, this is just a small reflection.
Whatever the sample is on here on our mice.
Our near Roger's dot.
What ever an health page it is.
Do I seem a little incoherent?
Good.
What?
Well, I'm trying to catch up to you.
Good luck.
Since day one, 16.
I'm a new listener, 10.
I'm no mean, I don't know, a few weeks, few months.
I didn't really specify what that means.
It means what ever the hell they feel like it.
New listener, 10.
I hate this pool.
Oh, he's 6.
Oh, he's 0.6%.
I think that's an honor because it's my anniversary.
And they're trying to be nice to me.
I could be wrong about that.
I doubt it.
And one year, four.
So we got a lot of people out there.
At least on our pool, 868 hoax on the survey.
And the survey says we got 512 people listening 12 to 30 years.
That is absolutely incredible.
That's what I would say.
When you say that, you wouldn't say much because you're like
swooning over there.
Yes, I am.
So let me tell you the story.
1975, I'm working on doing a talk show from 6 to midnight.
That sounds awfully long, doesn't it?
Well, from 7 to 8, we had the CBS Mystery Theater.
6 to 7, I did a sports show.
I shouldn't say that.
And an 8 to midnight, like a regular talk show.
I'm WGNO, AM and FM.
Which later became, I don't know what it became.
So I'm on FM also with 100,000 watts of puke now.
So we had some pretty good calls.
Then along comes the bring in his loser called Russ Morley from Jacksonville,
to be the PD at J&O.
And he decides he's going to put me on AM only.
Which the signal barely reached across Lake Worth.
Our station was like, right, a kitty corner across from Lake Worth.
And the station's signal at night barely reached across the street.
With our 250 nighttime watts.
So I got really disgusted and I quit.
Back in the day when I was young and impulsive in this business,
I used to just walk out without having another job.
Never going to happen again, boys and girls.
Not going to happen.
That's my one lesson to all of you out there, including you young punks.
Don't quit a job, and I mean, less it's killing you or whatever.
But don't quit a job until you got the next one.
That's what's killing you.
Like here is.
Will you listen to me? I'm just telling you.
That's my end. You know it's good advice.
Of course it is. I tell people all the way from there.
Because they get peeled or they think that the grass is greener on the other side.
Or a peanut or a barks.
And then all of a sudden they wind up on the beach for like six months.
They're like in off-tourses they say in China.
So I quit my job at J&O.
And I actually my mother was living in Curricials,
which she lived there for a hundred years.
And I went and stayed with her for a while.
Well, how would I have been in 1975?
30, I don't know, 30 some.
So I stayed with her for a little while.
And then I put an ad in Broadcasting Magazine.
Well, back in those days, when you wanted a radio job as, you know, a disc jockey,
whatever you wanted to do, an engineer,
you put an ad in Broadcasting Magazine and the classifieds.
That was one way you got found jobs.
And sure enough, I get a letter or call or whatever from this station in Yuma, Arizona.
Now, do I also want to tell the story?
I have to talk about the young guy that I picked up.
His name was, you know, you don't have to pick up hitchhiking on the way out there?
That would be a really interesting story.
Because I know it will get some people like,
oh, crazy, you know.
Oh, but yeah, I did.
Well, I was back in the day when you picked up hitchhikers.
Now you have to be a crazy person to pick up your hitchhiker.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes, you have to be more.
If you pick up a hitchhiker, nobody will probably ever see your ass again,
or if they do, it will probably be in the trunk of the car.
But anyway, so I picked up, I'm driving from Hollywood, Florida to Yuma, Arizona.
Well, you know where Yuma is?
In Arizona?
It's, I think not too far from San Diego if I'm correct.
In other words, it's way down in the Southwest corner of Arizona.
It's a long slip.
So I picked up this hitchhiker who was a really good looking young guy.
I would say it was like maybe 22, 23, 24.
So I had early 20s got.
Chuck Bryan was his name.
Now, can you believe that 31 years later, I still remember his name?
Yes.
Well, there's a reason I remember his name in this hill.
You know, when you're driving out there, you have to make pit stops.
And so we stayed motels a couple of nights.
Mm-hmm.
And it turned out that Chuck was like, uh, buy.
You know what I mean?
Yes, I do.
Buy, I, I, and we had a pretty good time being Chuck.
Hey Chuck, he'd be old now.
Probably the smartest thing to be.
What?
Buy.
That way, you know, you can just seize upon any opportunity that comes along.
He was a fine looking young man.
Double your chances.
I beg your pardon?
Double your chances for a date.
In fact, I remember him saying, uh, well, I don't want to go into the whole.
I want to go into the deep field.
Actually, I would like to, but I guess I probably better not.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, what's the best one for now if you got a rhythm?
The E.O. Rogers, the sports radio 560.
The U.A.
What's bad?
Larry.
Oh.
Can I hear him now? Larry?
I'm here.
Oh, there you go.
I can almost hear you now.
I'm going to move around the plane.
Yeah?
Well, don't move too much.
I don't understand how astronauts adapt from the moon.
And I can't go from the plane.
Yeah.
Sounds like the plane landed, don't you?
When I was two, I was looking out over the wrecking.
You're still in the air?
I'm in the air.
How about the plane?
Good question, Sarah.
Now, you didn't really say...
The words you talked about radio I've ever heard in my life was on W.O.D.
You didn't really say that, did you?
I did.
I can't believe that station except for you, Neil.
I knew what I knew.
He loved me.
I knew it.
I love Neil Rogers.
We have to be in a problem with the station.
This is...
We're not on in Miami.
First, a limited general manager is...
Bob Green.
You know what?
Bob, he also said that Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation.
We said we got Larry King on the phone.
He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman.
Seriously, he is.
I'm going to miss Bob, miss the bus.
Are you?
In about four or five years, he's not old enough yet.
When he makes the deal, that's all right.
How about going to his brisk that would be even better?
With the guy in the air, he has to know in about a thousand voices, right?
Yeah, Phil Henry.
He doesn't, he doesn't.
He's ashamed of his own.
Huh?
He's ashamed of his own.
Are you sure?
Yeah, he's ashamed of his own voice, that's right.
Yeah, he does.
He does other voices.
Right.
Neil, how do you adapt to 20 years?
How do I feel?
How do you feel?
I feel like Mathusel on a bad day, that's how I feel.
I feel like I just sat down with you, Cola, Katzentine, and WKAT
and started my first day and I went to the first national bank on Alton Road
and she said, you feel rich now, Neil, for 215 bucks a week, that's how I feel.
Incredible.
What was your first break?
I went to work and knocked on doors and got a job at a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida.
I did everything.
I was an idea, I'm an idea, I'm an idea, I'm an idea, I did the board, I did Jock, I did sports, I did news, I did everything.
Cleaned up, cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything.
Is that true?
Yeah, look, when you play those tapes,
obviously, spotty a stick and you have it repeated.
Yeah.
Why do you do that over and over?
For emphasis, we want to make sure they...
Why do you do something new?
Our audience is a little bit slow, we want to make sure they catch it to 40 or 50th time.
Yes, 15 years, slow.
Exactly.
Try a top 10 list.
Okay, top 10, that's good, start ripping off David Letterman, that would be good.
Hey listen, there's a guy here that wants the top view, you're gonna pee in your pants right there on a plane when you hear this voice.
How are you Larry?
Larry.
I said Larry, how are you?
Who is that?
How should they forget?
Who is that?
Your hockey friend.
You?
Grandma.
Right.
It's the Instagram, Grandma.
Grandma, what are you doing at a studio?
I came to see my good friend Neil Rogers.
You're the guy he likes.
And not all I have much either Larry, don't get carried away.
I knew he likes him when he likes you, Larry.
Hey, can't beat it, join it.
We've scored an last minute to tie you, Larry.
I know, I thought you'd be here last night.
How is it, how is it, how is it capitals, man?
How is it capitals, man? We, all of a sudden we they got lucky and got a point, now it's we nice going Larry.
I'm honored to be captain of the cap, we're gonna tell you.
Yeah, he is honorary captain.
Yeah, you and I Craig Barubi, you make a good pair.
I'm gonna come down into each of the spring training and I'm coming to the larger studio.
All right, I'll pick you up and break.
That's a deal. I'm inviting you right now.
Any time you come in here.
I'm coming, you'll make a show, come here, I'll beat it.
We'll feed you, we'll get the, from the Villa deli on the Walden Road on a beach.
We'll bring you the best deli of had since that crazy place you keep plugging on the air.
And it'll be a real, it'll be a picnic.
I feel like I was renail.
Thanks Larry.
Okay, thank you.
Don't drop, don't drop pad too hard.
You know, as soon as I mentioned the deli that he kept plugging on the air, he bailed out real quick.
Why is that?
So anyway, I'm having sex with this.
I mean, we're traveling across the Hershey Highway to Yuma, Arizona.
And I get there and I drop off my good friend Chuck because he's thumbing it to Alaska.
In fact, he told me he lived on an island, a small island in Alaska that he knew when it gets you by canoe.
Oh, that'd be great.
Of course, he dragged to a certain place and you park your car.
They're kind of like in deliverance.
Remember they parked the car?
Right.
And they got in the canoes and went to Aintree.
Well, maybe there's an Aintree in Alaska.
So I would drop him off and give him a big hug and whatever, and I didn't give him no kiss.
I don't think so.
He wrote his name down on my, I have one of those Rand McNally Almanacs, you know, one of those big,
because when you're driving across the country, you need that.
One of those highway map books, you know what I'm talking about?
Absolutely.
Okay.
And he wrote his name down on there.
And to this day, 31 years later, I remember his name and I remember his, well, we had a good time.
So anyway, I go to the radio station.
I tell him, hey, I'm a lot of your Rogers.
Bapapan, I'm going to start on Monday and Bada Bada Bada Bada.
And I can't begin to tell you what a farce this station was.
I mean, it was like, I think that the job paid 750 bucks a month.
How much is that?
It's more than Chris's making.
I'm sure that.
But it didn't pay off a lot.
And the place was like a zoo.
It was ridiculous.
And they had a program called TTYO.
This, that, and the other thing was it was a real hokey.
Not a hockey, but a hokey station.
Oh, I'm not going to work in this place.
This is a joke.
How did I ever take a job?
See, these are the kinds of jobs you get in Broadcasting Magazine.
In places like Yuma, Arizona.
And what was the place?
Shelby, Montana.
Remember, I told you that stuff.
Yeah.
I didn't stick around to meet the one of those jobs.
In the flatlands, no matter.
In fact, Yuma, I never even worked the first day.
So I go to a shopping mall.
I go to, of course, back in those days,
there was no such thing as a cell phone.
So I go to a shopping mall, I get a pay phone.
And I call back home.
I call Ma.
And Ma says, I mean, talk about lucky timing.
She says, oh, sit on the van from WKAT.
And I may be just called.
And he wants to interview you.
And he's got an opening for a talk show in the afternoon.
How do you like that?
Okay.
And so from there, I actually gave me the phone number.
And I called to sit the kid.
Thanks a lot, Sid, by the way.
I couldn't be here without you, Pally.
And so I drove back, turned around and drove all the way back.
I didn't find any hitchhackers on the way back then.
Oh, well.
And yeah.
Oh, my God.
I can't always have what you want.
I did.
I had what I wanted.
And anyway, so I drove back to Miami.
And I had had lunch with Sid Levin at his house.
And many had me have lunch with breakfast with Joe Fried.
What's that diner at Hallendale?
I wonder if it's still there.
Was there 100 years ago when I had a lot of breakfast with Joe Fried
who was the news director, as long as it's dead.
And he just out of considerations to the head of, like,
interview me, even though I'd already had the job.
For a big $225 a week doing three to six in the afternoon.
So that's why I'm there, here, wherever I am.
The only Jew and Sea Bring art stands the facts he says.
Mazel Tav, I'm 31 years in hell.
I hope you are looking forward to another 31 years.
Oi!
Thanks for 31 years of Yaksin Deep Thoughts.
I love you like a brother who says, but I'm not going to your funeral.
Cheers, Arthur and the only Jew and Sea Bring.
Well, that's for you.
All right.
933 on the survey.
We might have 1,000 by the top of the hour, pretty close to it.
It wouldn't have to be a real feather in my cap before they stick my ass in a box.
Wrecked, huh?
A feather?
A feather.
Kind of tickle your fancy, you know?
Let's talk a long way.
How long have you been listening to the legendary Neal Ranges that are surveyed today on the 31st Anniversary Show?
Go ahead and nail Pat yourself on the kidney there.
And nice.
The results of this survey is what's really astonishing to me.
Aren't you amazed?
And of course, you know what a reed tells me is that since we've been on this station, we don't have that many new listeners.
Especially lately.
Thanks for the great promotion, Joe.
You guys are the best.
Wait till I get to Tammy's three pages.
I might kill a lot of time before we start taking all those median hour, yeah.
Yeah, well, hour.
You mean to read her stuff?
Yeah.
Yeah, a few years ago.
I'm going to show up in the middle of it.
No.
How long have you been listening to Neal?
12 to 20 years, 327.
20 to 30 years.
About 30, man.
218.
So you put those two together, you got 545 is 58.3%.
That's staggering.
Boy, 9 to 12 years, 155.
So the 9 would be a QAM.
That's what Chris said.
He's been listening 9 years because he never listened before QAM.
Now why is that Chris?
Because I really ever listened to AM radio back then.
Well, good choice.
9 to 12 years, 156.
5 to 8 years, 114.
2 to 5 years, 81.
Since day one, since March 1st, 1976.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
20.
Wow.
That's amazing.
Not only that they're still alive, much less still listening.
I'm a new listener, 10.
Like I said, we don't get too many new listeners.
We build the audience one listener at a time here on QAM.
Word of mouth.
I hate this pool.
7.7%.
How did I show a fineberg's numbers across the street?
0.7.
And one year, 5, about a 942.
So I do like my U-Mayra's on a story.
Now that wasn't too bad.
No, it wasn't.
It was a only medium game.
It was what?
It was a very good game.
Yeah.
Wish I had done a lot of more cross-country driving in those days and picked up a lot more
hitchhikers like my buddy.
I hope that the biggest thing is not the best talent to do this is meal roger's for
radio 560.
You A-M.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Yes.
I wanted to talk to you about the biggest about large and boats that you talked about earlier.
I've always said before I finished playing the bridge dinner.
You know what else we got to play?
The guys running the fraternity thing.
What does that call?
A fret call.
A fret call on the beach.
What?
Running naked on the beach.
Biggest cars and boats.
Now we're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Okay.
Okay.
Calm down, sir.
Take a deep breath.
Who's a regular body in the 90's Coral of Engineering?
You got to get...
No.
Well, it is.
All bridges over navigable waterway.
See if I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
But that...
I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay.
Well, I'm saying, sir,
is that the 90's Coral of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over navigable waterways?
Over what?
Navigable waterways.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at wish our times, sir,
that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for you.
That's an absolutely correct answer.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That is not a communist bunch of crap.
Sounds like some kind of re-endist, all-bestist, Tommy Pico...
...faculatory to me.
...of the old vehicles to one boat.
Right. Exactly.
But a boat is going to stop for 5,000 cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know you're a lawist, Mr.
because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the damn bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane too.
I want the bridges closed, period.
Okay? I want them closed.
I want the bridge tentative to go home and watch your MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
Let them use them a concept cause-well.
I think they ought to go out of George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic.
Sure. Oh, I'm sorry. 1047 and 560 WDQAM.
So, that was WIOD. Am I correct?
Yeah, oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Well, let's see. I've worked at KAT for two years.
I want to give a little resume of these 31 years and I'm going to forget most of the correct years.
Two years at KAT, then Dick Casper, he was a great radio guy.
There's a one guy he's used to have been dead many years.
But his real name was Richard Rose.
Did you ever know that? Nope.
He was Jewish.
Well, anyway, Dick Casper, who was a brilliant radio guy who put INZ on the years all news many years ago
and why went 100 down the year, a great general manager and programmer.
He actually knew what programming is supposed to just be a glorified salesman.
So, he had Charlie campus contact me and they heard me a WNWS which was just going on the year in March or April of 78.
See, March 1 always tends to be a really big day.
I should probably head out to Woodbine to find me a big machine mine.
But anyway, maybe just head out and pick up a hitchhiker on a highway and find a bit.
Well, so anyhow, I went to WNWS to do nights, eight to midnight and then we started the old WFAB studios on FlagVistry.
That was our original Estacion.
And that was one of the rattiest.
Do you think that the QM trailer was meant?
Oh my god, what a rad-infested nasty sewer.
And I told him about the flood when the water came out of the door and the phone people, the phone guys were head to sawdust.
And we're crawling around on the floor to try to put sawdust in the phone connection so we can get on the year.
And I was doing the show on my beer feet, which is a miracle I didn't get electrocuted but nevertheless.
Eight to midnight at WNWS and then of course we moved over to the studio to Ludlam and Dixie Highway.
Did you ever see that building?
No.
Used to be like a hair salon, a beauty parlor or something like that.
And they built the radio station in there and I was there for like, I don't know, a few years.
Some of the eight to eighty two, eighty three, something like that.
Then Dave Ryder, I wonder what happened to Dave Ryder?
What if he's still alive? Maybe somebody will tell us.
He heard me do go to a WNZ to do an IAT to be placed Mr. Burke to you, dummy Alan Burke.
I told you after I had that first stroke, I do have to mention this on the year because Alan's been dead for a few years now.
But on the year he had a really gruff, this is Alan Burke, you know.
But he was really a sweetheart off the year, you know, kind of like me, a real bastard on the year but a real, you know,
at once he was taking a tour of IOD.
Really?
So I got to meet him, shake his hand and I had heard of him from you from doing your show.
So I said, oh, so this is the famous Mr. Burke and he said, yes, I'm Mr. Burke.
Did he really?
He was a very nice guy.
He was a nice guy.
In fact, after I had that minor stroke, I missed a couple of weeks of work and I had home recuperating and hoping that I could talk again.
Yeah, that was not good.
And the phone rings one day, of course everybody was calling me.
You know, people that I actually knew.
And it was Alan Burke on the phone finding out how I was wishing me.
Well, that was a shocker, man.
That's good.
Yeah, especially considering that I took his job at INZ.
So let's see, WNWS for all those years, and then WNZ at about 83.
And then I finally convinced him and said to him those nights with that horrible signal all the old, the end is listening only.
Put me on in the daytime, tend to two because at that time they were all news the rest of the day.
So, and of course they had also put Mr. Broward on there between 6 and 8 and they had Daffy McCallum on there between the 6 and 8 for a while.
And then they were taffy McCallum, of course you don't know.
And then they put me on from 10 to 2 followed by as I convinced him to go talk and news, stand major to the 6.
Oh, we better play some of that stuff.
Oh, yeah.
Like the stand major promo with what's as you do everybody?
Huh?
All of it.
Stand after the way I like this one.
Stand major.
Now a News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Pain is in New York, fella.
What you would do is your, I don't want to came back, I just told you that.
Well then who do you want?
Who do you want?
You want Alan Ferris?
I don't know what's that.
I think that's it.
You want Joey Reynolds?
So what's that?
They want the hell do you want in the air?
Silence?
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
Is that all we have to do?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I didn't.
Here the next stand major show.
This afternoon at 2 on News Talk Radio 610 WIOD.
Yeah.
So anyway, Stan was doing afternoons in I&Z.
I was on from 10 to 2.
And the thing that really amused me is because when he started talking about it,
because I had this gigantic rating, we had a 9 share in midday in 12 plus,
which is on a herd of.
On a herd of.
Me and the bird, by the way, your least favorite, the bird.
I don't know where you say that.
Yeah.
And notice he was on that big wood Larry on the Adelary Anniversary call.
Right.
The bird was on there.
The bird was on there.
The bird was on there.
And he's dead.
Don't talk bad about the dead.
And so, anyhow, Stan was doing the 2 to 6 and he would complain about the hetrophobics.
Because it wouldn't be a, it couldn't get any calls.
In other words, he couldn't inherit my audience because my audience,
all my fags out there, he assumed that all my audience was like, gay.
Like that.
And all you want to do, a hetrophobics out there, if you would just call and talk about
what kind of watch you bought this, whatever you was talking about.
And then, of course, and I think about 86, I want to say in the fall of 86,
Zeta was dying.
Zeta 4, which was previously I, 95.
I can tell you some really interesting stories about I, 95,
especially one of the guys that worked there, but I'm not going to do that.
Maybe the last day I'm on the earth, I'll do that.
It's just not my nature.
That would be really cruel and mean-spirited to do that.
Because maybe he's straightened himself out after all these years.
I know he's straightened himself out back then, but that's another story.
But anyway, so the FM was I, 95.
You know who worked at I, 95 at that time, Cox on a radio.
How do you like that?
In fact, every day on that station was a big party.
Yeah.
And so to try to salvage Zeta, they decided, well, they maybe not,
for I couldn't refuse, put me on a mornings, and FM 6 to 10 in the morning on Zeta.
And you know, history speaks for itself.
We had gigantic numbers.
We kicked everybody's ass when zooming up there, and we're number one in no time at all.
Then toward the end of that year, I was a Disney, Mike Disney,
kind of a Mickey Mouse operation, but they were for Cox broadcasting.
IOD, Kim and they hired me, way 87 through what?
How long were we at IOD?
Seven years.
Was it?
94, and then pass them about out IOD.
And we went to work over there in that really amazing studio that they put a lot of money
and two with a lot of incompetent engineers.
And we were there for, let's see, from November until May.
How long is that?
December, January.
It's two, three, we're here about seven months.
Okay.
And of course, I had an out in my contract once Paxton bought the station.
That is that I only had to work, I had a one year non-compete,
and I could sign with anybody else.
And that's when Greg Reed was talked by Bill Tanner and the hiring me,
hired me to come to QAM.
And so with seven months left in my deal with, or several months left in the deal with Paxton,
they decided to pay me off and get me off the air, you know?
Get them off the air, he's a rip it out, he's talking about going to QAM.
Get them off the air.
And so I never forget it.
I was on the way with a friend with the airport.
I'm international, on the way to, on vacation, going to Rome.
And I'm in the car driving and I'm listening to Rick and Suds,
who were on the afternoon at that time after me, and Norma Kent calls in,
and says, I just want to see how many people are listening to you Rick and Suds.
I want to see if Neil is listening to you.
So we kind of like sent a message that he needed to talk to me.
So I get to the airport, I go to the pay phone, I call Norma Kent,
and he tells me, take all the time you want, you know, they're going to pay you off for seven months.
And I went like, alright, right.
So needless to say the next seven months, I was all over Europe, I was in Amsterdam about 400 times.
In fact, I remember some weeks that I would come back with a friend,
and we'd say, you know, I was really boring here in South Florida.
Now in the weekend, get on the plane and go back again, you know?
And we did.
So I'd have paid off for seven months for not working.
And then of course, you know, then we had the QAM story left.
Let's say the better about that.
Did I play Neil Wakes Me Up in the morning or not, right?
Just dream I played it.
It seems like you played it.
Did I play it?
I must have the same dream.
Chris, did you have the same dream that he played?
Neil Wakes Me Up in the morning.
I didn't play it.
I played it.
Neil Wakes Me Up with a smile.
I played it.
I played it.
Neil Wakes Me Up with a smile.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
Oh, and then if you don't like that one, I don't know if I'm a little crazy or a little
tense, but that thing ever ends if it was crazy.
Maybe it will fade one of these days soon, and if you don't like that, we got it.
Neil Wakes Me Up with a smile in the morning.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
I played it.
naszych noise.
Let's
The screening just went down.
you
Oh God
What solid any question
This is Debbie. Hi Debbie. I'm interested in getting some operations done
Okay, and some body contouring and some liposuction
And I was wondering if it's some tummy talk and the lip augmentation cosmetic breast
Sids are you face with all of these things?
And those wondering more like steroids. Well, I need to get everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my
My thing okay, we don't do that. No, could you do breast implants though?
Can't be done
The lotion in the basket
How much?
5,000 excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurface too
laser surgery
Have the lambs stop crying yet mommy?
Excuse me. Don't hurt mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay, can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first and then upon looking at you we can tell you that when we see you
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy?
If you'd like to it puts the lotion in the basket
Well, you like to make an appointment? Yes, okay
There is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine
Okay
My name is Buffalo Bill
Okay, let me give you a little information from you. Okay, you might know you
What's the lotion in the basket? I understand it puts the lotion in the basket
Do you want to come in for a consultation?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Okay, do you like to make an appointment? You want to call me back?
Okay, what's the lotion in the basket? I got my skin suit nipple like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. What do you like? It puts a lotion in the basket
Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket
Hello
I like it. Okay, I love it all three of five sixty WDQ and our big thirty first anniversary show
What's his name called in yesterday Ricky Tiki Shaw as a band what's his name?
Well, this is cute just just in somebody thanks this to us from Hobart in the end. I have no idea where that is
Kevin that I talk about I never did talk about my pre
Son of Florida, you know
Because I love when people say like Joe Castello Cron yesterday. Oh, you've been in the business for 31 years
They like no, I haven't been in the business 31 years. I've been in this market for 31 years Joe
I knew that was Joe Castello Cron. He has his good moment. You know, it's by what you say about oh, yeah
Oh, Mark. He's a good guy. He means well. He's just you know what can I don't know what he is?
Tanya
Kevin Russell found out it's not easy trying to cash your check from God
Deal God the 21-year-old man was arrested Monday after he tried to cash your check for 50 grand at the Chase Bank in a
Hobart that was signed King savior King of Kings Lord of the Lord servant Hobart police detective Jeff White said
Just a little white lie. I guess Russell was charged with one count attempted check fraud one count intimidation
Both felonies and one count resisting law enforcement a Mr. Meener. He could face prison time
Police were called to the bank after Russell tried to cash the check which was written on an invalid bank one check with no imprint
White said
Oh nice job, Russ
Russell had several other checks within that were signed the same way but made out in different dollar amounts including one for a hundred grand
That's right. If you're gonna do something fraudulent at least to go for the big bucks, you know
Russell struggled with police as they tried to detain him white said and threatened police as they transport him to the Hobart police department
I've heard about God giving out a eternal life
But this is the first time I heard him giving out cash white said no court date's been set for Russell's being held Wednesday at the late County jail on
$1,000 here's a facts from your buddy PR Ralph
I thought the facts is really pouring in today, but they're not well. Maybe they're just starting oh
PR Ralph Puerto Rican Ralph your good buddy says just wish you a happy 31st
I've been listening since I came from New York City that was 22 years ago
And yes, your best work was at Zeta and if you remember the bedraces and coconut grove when the girl was good and tasty and then it says
Yeah, the girl was good and tasty. All right a taste of the grove
But be careful where you're looking
You know we have a thousand sixteen tallies already we had over a thousand at the top of the hour just as I predicted
What you old man sure hasn't lost it
I think what we ought to do is take a few calls because once I get into 10 these 85 page facts
It's been to take a while WQ a.m. Hello. Oh
An associate producer is not connected
Oh, no, but the dots are back wait a minute. Oh
There you go. Oh, there we go Q a.m. Hello
Peter Bolger the assassin one of the worst not just worst program directors one of the worst human beings in the history of the broadcast industry
Did I tell you got canned he did get canned good. Oh good news. I know I felt really great today
I do got canned yes, well, that's the best news. I've heard in a long time Q. I. M. Hello uncle Neil little Joey
Hey, all right now we're talking. I wonder what happened all you stiff happy anniversary
Let me ask your personal question. I know you're still married. You're lovely teacher wife. Yes, I'm sure that any how many kids you got now two kids a six year old or three year old good
Gowley Miss Mod did it speaking with absolutely no, let me ask a whole to you know, I don't want to say don't tell me yet
You want to say huh? I guess I'm gonna do I'll take a guess I would say
Uh
40 36 not not too bad. I was do far off 36 boy talking about it for 19 years. Wow. Oh boy
Yeah, what's the pound of time? I would like to give you a big kiss on the lip suite hard, but you know that hey, you know
Well, they in that parking lot that was long time ago. We were young. Yeah, yeah nothing happened there unfortunately
Yeah, that may have been the biggest shock
Huh, I can't believe you remember that
Of course, I remember that like clear as day. I was I was cruising the 21st Street Beach over there on
Collins Avenue, you know the big parking lot there and
You know the hustlers used to hang out over there. I know I mean I can't talk about hustlers and you know paying for sex
But of course I did so did everybody else and little joy is out there by that place by the kitchen club
Mm-hmm. I can't remember you remember the name of that place. Oh, yes, I do
Oh, yeah, because those two goofballs that went and got my some young guy soup that time at the Thai restaurant came in oh
Kitchen Club kitchen club and of course, there was what started the Miami Beach police on that whole witch hunt and the whole deal
Which eventually led to you know what but nevertheless? Yes, um, and so you over there doing what you came up with some name excuse
And I thought Joey is a hustler over here. He's like someone is buying or something. I was I was
Make up a good story Joey. I'm really a lady and listen in your wife. I was in bibein in some good spirits before I went into the club
That
What club the kitchen club? Oh the kitchen club. What the hell why I didn't even know what it was the kitchen club was a bar
It was like a night goes like when when retro was getting in you know, I see
I don't know. Well, I saw you hanging out over there and boy when you and I when our eyes met
Today and you know too bad I didn't take you home now
But I want to change your altitude a lot. I believe now. I'd have turned your ass around so to speak and it's funny because
Yesterday's pull I was laughing because on the very on the second date my wife and I were on we were walking on we were getting to the cameo and
Somebody approached me right in front of her and and
Proposition being I had to immediately grab her hand and say I'm sorry. I'm
Well somebody obviously with good taste goes back in those days you look pretty good
I'm sure I was back with any more but that's you know I've aged very badly when you were you have you really?
Yeah, no
He just said that to put the cover is ass so to speak well listen sweet art is good hearing from you. Thanks for the memories
Likewise, I'll see you at the kitchen club. All right. Take your time. Bye. How do you like that little Joey?
I was like to hear from it. Don't you ever wonder whatever happened all these guys that used to be such big fans?
First of all, back in the day the day I had of course when you're on FAB you have all these young living and breathing people, you know
and I had all these guys like from Nova and from
You know even some from you and what you know you know
Not too happy with me anymore
In fact, I'm wondering let's see Zayda that was long after I've done you and baseball six years
I've just news and then when you're on TV on channel 33 with Bob greasy boy. We see a boring guy or what? Yes, he was
And I still remember the days he used to bring his son that's before Brian started drinking
About 10 years old we used to bring him up in the booth before the games, you know
I thought God what a chubby little ugly kid and what a boring guy
Bob greasy as he was then he still is ever hear him do the color on the game. So Chris
Who?
Bob greasy. Yeah, that's why I don't really watch the pieces of the grease man. Yeah, WQ I am hello
Now there's one of the better ones Q I am hello
So I am yes, sir
Hey, so glad I got 30 on your anniversary happy anniversary. How much 20 year plus can I?
Oh
Brother and a bunch of friends that are 20 year plus guys also all right. Thanks a lot, paly
I don't have they don't have none in your bulls rating
So there's a lot more people out here
Through our 20 plus
listeners, I'm sure but you really bloody take care. Thanks, sweetheart. Bye
Yeah, the thing about the 20 to 30 years that's a means of shocker
Huh, like I'm a part of these people's lives like I'm old great grandpa and Neil or whatever
Used to be uncle Neil now it's grandpa and you but I started to say I wonder what happened all those kids that used to listen on Zeta
Let's see that was back 20 years ago. So they would all be like like Joey 36 38 40 hike
5 6 oh
Oh, I thought he's doing some spastic things. Oh boy
I mean I can see him ringing now, but for just like a millisecond of they all just went solid black there
You know those little squares there go black, which means oh what that means?
W.D. Q. I.M. Hello happy anniversary from the Batboy's the public
W.D. Q. I.M. Hello
Q. I.M. Hello, yes, wanted to say happy anniversary to Neil. You're speaking to him. Thank you. Hello Neil happy anniversary
Thanks again, you know who this is. No, I do pizza man
Pizza board up. Wow. How are you? It's not
P.O. Board. When I was a
Yeah, exactly
Try it on people up. I'm not a Pete. Who is it?
Just man. I might even might think of it. Pizza board up. I don't have any
Pizza man. Pizza man. Oh, pizza man. I thought he said Pete the board off got
31. 31. Yeah, you know 31 years and you don't got the name yet. Look at all the money that I made this man
You sure did. House got him through his divorce the whole deal. It was great. I appreciate it. No end. So how you doing, Jeff?
I'm doing pretty good. Have you? I'm doing great. I haven't this day is a spectacular for me. Yep. Yep. I just I just got a
Rear depressing email from Norma can't probably about Joe Bell and but a beep but a boot put a
Bop all brother. Oh, I don't want this stuff out of all days. You know, I called Norma Kent last night. He could be the most depressing person on the face of the earth.
Norma, this don't don't be sending me this crap. Norma just follow up your follow up your ass. So to speak.
You know, I want to tell you I try and get through to you a week or so ago when you were looking for some or to eat, you were going to go to
Capitol Grill. Do you remember that? Yes. I did go to Capitol Grill. We had a great time and a great meal. Yes.
Okay. Well, the next time you're in town, you want to and you want to try a good meal. There's a place called Grill 66. You
ever heard of it on 17th Street Causeway. Really? Do you remember B. Strobe as a Luna from 17th Street? Sure. The guy the original owner and
original chef from there opened up Grill 66. It's right there by the high and the food is unbelievable. My favorite restaurant in
town. Really? Really? What's the name of it again? Grill 66. It's a thrill of the grill. Yes, sir. Well, thanks. Yeah, for a
Peter, whatever your name is. Take care of yourself. Come and visit when you're in town. I'll see you. I'll see you
one of these days. Take care. Really? How do you like that? I thought he said Pete the board off. He said, what do you say?
It's a pizza or something like that? Oh, for me.
1040 tallies there on a survey today. I think our goal is like 20 million today.
That's what he's saying. They ought to listen all our lives since they were like interests. For
radio, I'm surviving. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. W.I.O.D.
Hello. Ticket Central. Hello. Can I have a ticket please? To for what?
Neil just now from the ticket says he's giving. What are they for?
I guess I can't get him because I don't know what they're for. Well, I mean, if you wanted him to.
I can hardly hear you. You said because the radio is on so low. But I mean, if you wanted a free ticket,
so you don't know what they're for. Why do I just because they're free? You want him just because they're free.
You don't even know what they're for. Yeah. For the horse races. For the horse races.
And their horses in in top of the. They're for races in poppano at the Irish fest.
They're having horse races at municipal stadium. Well, you tell me what they're for.
I want them because I have some friends out of town. I want to give it to them for what?
For the horse races. I don't know why. Well, but why did you call? You heard that magic word, didn't you?
Free, right? Isn't that what you did? You heard Neil say free. Hello. Hello. Yes. You want him? Yes, I would like them.
Hold on. Well, I was sure a soft touch back then as opposed to the hard-hearted bastard that I am now best job role.
That was good. The guy to call yesterday was emulating that caller from back in the first week or two on KOT.
You're never going to make six months in this time, Mr. Right. And he's long since did not.
He's pushing up pansies that guy. Did you pass out in the. Not yet. No, but I am swooning. Are you swooning over there?
You know it. They want to see if George can get George to croak because Joe is so desperate to get those tapes on.
Oh, when I started to say before because it's the first of March and I got sidetracked and I should not because this to me is one of the most important things of my life.
March to April to May to June is three and a half months until some of schedule starts. Oh, man.
When we got George Monday, Wednesday and Friday and yours truly only so many on March tastes equivace.
How do you like that for linguistics? Big deal. So shall I get into because we could take eight million calls, Jeff Cohen called actually.
How do you like that? Maybe Irv Shimmer will be calling pretty soon. I wonder if he's still alive.
Tammy sends a three page facts in regard in the beginning at least to the poll we took yesterday about the gay man straight man don't have gay sex.
She says, oh yeah, who are you people kidding? Writing is the wife of a behavioral science major.
I can assure you that what your colleagues in QA know about sex could in your words fit into a thimble with woman up to spare for the Chinese army.
Those are some credentials. If gays can engage in sex with straights straight men can most certainly engage in sex with gays and they do and it doesn't change their sexual orientation.
Tammy, you're absolutely correct. It's not what George is. Yeah, it's not me and I love your line.
You always say if it makes you feel better to think that see if it makes me feel good.
I don't get really care one way to do that. It makes me feel better.
She says, what about straight men who go to prison and haven't got a woman to do just other men?
The men suddenly lose their straightness? Yes. That's what about straight men in the military during war when there are no women around you.
You want to convince me that they don't do each other during war.
She's using the effort a lot regardless of the last don't tell you also want to convince me.
They're anything other than straight gay. I was not asking you or George.
I'm reading her facts. We're not asking you. You already have a given your opinion on this eight million times.
You don't have any idea what you're talking about. Right.
What about straight college guys who experiment with gay sex? Does that automatically make them gay?
They never were straight. To my ear it sounded yesterday. If you don't come over with a sledgehammer and hit him in the head,
it won't take much with those fumes. Hit him in the head.
To my ear it sounded yesterday with a men of QAM death protest too much.
She says, sounds like they're not too sure about their own sexual identities.
If you know what I mean, Tammy says straight men who vehemently deny that straight men have gay sex are likely to have issues of their own
or secrets they wish they're not be revealed.
After all, Neil, you've said it before. QAM is sports queer radio.
Makes you wonder how many of those QM guys we heard yesterday are true closet cases.
You want to do a poll on that one sometime.
That poll you have to hook all those gay guys up to lie detectors to get the real truth.
Nobody needs to vote for that.
You have to vote for those.
You want to write to how they do that?
In the Kinsey B4 they put those sensors on their genitals.
And then they show them different kinds of erotica of porno.
And they were able to measure their reaction.
Nobody was testing during those little liners.
Anyway, it says it's amazing in this day and age what what our society's exposure to likes of sex experts like Dr. Ruth, Dr. Drew Pinsky,
and naturally syndicated Thomas Dan Savage that the brain dead A-holes of QM aren't sophisticated,
sophisticatedly enlightened enough about sex.
But rather are still the endothals and Crow Magnum cavemen on the subject.
Evolve already.
Okay, sister Tammy, evolve already.
When all these tape testimonials I knew show yesterday all they managed to prove is how QAM is overwhelmingly stabbed
by immature, unknowledgeable, un-lighten, un-enlighten, and stupid men and women
who opened their f-ing pie holes before they think.
Kind of reminds me of that whole Tim Hardaway business.
And it's debatable whether they even know how to do that.
Is it really any wonder how stupid these people are after all these dumb f's can't even keep your show on here
without their chronic practically daily technical f-ups?
Well, I watch your language Tammy now.
No professional broadcast outfit outside South Florida with a higher-such incompetent children for radio.
QAM is an insane...
Oh, QAM is an insane assailant and the patients are in charge.
Oh!
Man, is she worked up or what?
Apparently.
Struck a cord.
We should back here for a fact from Earl.
Congratulations, Neil.
The brother's been riding him with you since 1990.
Thanks a lot Earl, Earl the Pearl.
I remember Earl the Pearl was a...
Is he still alive?
Is he over at the...
He's over at KISS and he's...
Is he really?
Yes.
Solvent the last Christmas party and he's a good guy and continues to be.
He is a good guy.
He used to be at I-95 when Keith Isaac was the program director and Keith used to be in those pigeon eggs.
Well, he was a strange guy.
I mean, Kyle Isley.
Now I'm confused.
No Kyle was a...
He's dead.
He was my a-board-op.
He was a good kid and he died a long time ago with skin cancer.
Don't argue idiots out there go out and get the baked, okay?
At least not in the sun.
She says QAM is an insane assailant and patients are in charge.
Absolutely correct.
Well, have a listen to another radio station with as many intellectually-challenge
pea-brained doles with no clue about the professional broadcast in the viewers' time.
He says,
These people from the board ops on up to Joe Bell should all be fired to do it
and set out to find work they can actually perform competently like maybe digging ditches
and laying sewer pipes.
See if they could screw that up.
It's quite telling that these idiots found plenty of time to take these
testimonials to their ignorance and stupidity but couldn't come together and devote an equally
dedicated effort to ironing out the problems you've been having with the phones,
the streaming, your board, all these things.
This is how they repay you for all you do and have done for them.
Well, how the higher hers my agent, you rid of that norma.
Bitch.
These Q&N people wouldn't be able to afford paper clips for their offices or toilet paper
to wipe their asses with in the Q&N bathroom or not for you when you're rating single-handedly
caring that station on your back.
Your successes paved their path in gold.
Dolphins, Marlos and Pathor games didn't do it.
Sports talk didn't do it.
You did it.
All right, I did it.
Which up, Brian?
And the way they repay you is to stick you with a substandard studio now functioning in
poorly-service equipment under achieving sales people and ever absent program director,
a buffoon for general manager and an array of staff people who couldn't tell the difference
between their A-holes and their belly buttons.
All right.
If not for you, Q&N might have sunk like a stone but made the Wonder Gawai format change
and been dumped by the beesleaves in a fire sale by now.
Neal, I can't believe you say the other day that you told your lawyer to spend his time
better by trying to get your contract extended in other five years.
Why, Tammy, wants to know why?
In other words, why?
Just what would possess you to think these people in their shmitty operation
that passes for radio station would treat you when you're showing you better?
You honestly believe these people would mature into broadcasters to stand in their five years?
Ten?
No.
If you were to shove a broadcasters for dummies manual up their rectums,
they'd still never get in thousand years since it pissed off Tammy.
She's wild.
She's like the pissed off caveman, I guess.
They don't deserve you and you don't deserve the crap they dish out to you.
I wish you the very best on your 31st anniversary today.
But it comes with a tinge of sadness that you've chosen.
Oh, this is great.
That you've chosen this elevated and such an inferior station staff by
setting an eff band of morons when you could be at a better and more professional station
around serious.
Let's hope your 35th and 40th anniversaries don't find you behind a QA microphone.
Aim higher.
Please don't close out your long and illustrious career at a shmit factory like QAM.
All right, Tammy.
A shmit factory.
Oh, right.
You should listen to that part.
Well, she didn't even mention about the fumes in the air.
In the fact that you guys are swooning and falling on the floor and the
a tar baby on the roof and all that stuff.
Here's a mobile in bouquet.
Hello.
Yeah, how you doing?
I'm doing okay.
Well, you know, I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this paternity business that you
mentioned.
And I just want to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends?
Or what does that mean?
Well, it means what does that have to do with this?
It has to do with everybody's best friends.
I mean, if they have any friends at all, sure.
It has to do with the paternity and not necessarily taking showers or
or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on.
But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
Right.
I have two best friends.
One is straight.
One is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
They were having a desire to do either one of the above.
Okay.
In the paternity.
Don't take showers with them.
Don't step towels at them.
All right.
In the paternity house, we don't socialize by
taking showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
I'm not talking about socializing in the shower.
Fortunities were talking about heizing and initiations of fraternities and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you're in the age of adolescence, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself to putting a bunch of
guys that are like you.
What I say like you, I mean, they like to say, they play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason,
I can't explain why become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend,
or someone who's a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming sexual experiences.
No, well, it could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience sexual or non-sexual is irrelevant.
No, it is not.
It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is.
No, it is not.
When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have friends.
So because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends,
doesn't mean that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And being certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them.
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
Can I ask you a question?
You know, some of the, I belong to a health club.
And in the health club that I belong to is, if it's a completely heterosexual health club,
what the shower is, the shower with six falls on it.
Now do you think that I've become part of that health club so that I can work out with guys
and then go take showers?
I have no idea.
Only you can answer that question.
But that's not how I'm doing.
I will tell you this.
There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
That's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity using health clubs.
I do not go and join a fraternity.
We believe you.
No, don't sound offensive.
We believe you, yeah.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and whatnot is not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a whole different.
What is the point of making the other, what is the point of making the young kids get naked?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a straight forward answer.
Please, straight answer.
When you belong to a fraternity and I'll say it again,
you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
Why is that required in getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend, whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
if you share intimate moments, not sexual.
When I think intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean, intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else
who's not your friend.
For example, I don't know.
You want to know what's really funny to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys,
you're never going to share experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids.
Are there any other friends that you think you're trying to run?
Why would you run through the beach naked with a bunch of guys?
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on, it's amazing.
It's not a question of you one, you don't have a choice.
Right.
Because one day, when you want to force these kids to be naked,
why do they always have to take their clothes off my closet friend
and then every day,
that hangs out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, Pat?
I don't every day experience.
People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked
in order to be naked.
No, stop, stop, stop, stop with a small screen,
stop with a theme and a steam bath.
Okay, let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of respect for them by you.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them
to degrade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves
in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends
and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this, okay?
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you,
if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend,
I'll pass, okay?
There's a good message for all your kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever age,
if they demand that you take your clothes off
and engage in some kind of naked,
hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club,
in order to be your buddy,
in order to be their pal, run like a bandit,
run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
You're fair, Rick.
Well, there you go.
No worries.
He's still good.
He even better than the bridge tender.
Huh?
I said, even better than the bridge tender.
Oh, much better than the bridge tender.
And much less overflade.
I think we better play a young Neil one of these times too.
Anyway, Tammy, who, you know,
and I just read the, I went to the hot male thing
and I read Norma Kent's latest historical
email to the Joe Bell share.
I don't know what he's all whipped up about.
I talked to him last night.
And at the end of it, he says,
and you want to talk about extending
Neil's contract in other two years?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
See, he does whatever he wants to do, Norma Kent.
He just goes off on his, his tans.
It's to try to grandstand.
And I told him, just extended.
I'll work until I croak.
I want the money.
And that's the deal, Tammy.
I'm not interested in respect.
I'm not interested in like, you know,
ending at some great radio.
There are no more great radio stations.
Tammy, don't you get it?
You better get serious, honey.
It's a great fact, but get real.
Mm-hmm.
So you're talking a caca.
1,090 votes, Tammy's whatever there is on our survey.
And the result is amazing.
22 of the listings since day one.
That's 31 years.
Wow.
Woo!
By the way, we've done a new tribute to George Tusion.
We Chris, Chris can do that.
He's going to talk about George in the 16 or 17 years.
He's working on the show, IOD, and here.
And what a great job he's done in spite of management,
he's been hating him in both places and treating my craft
and underpaying his ass.
17 years.
It will be.
17 years.
October 1st, 1990, was when they forced me to fill in
for Marvin who didn't show up yet again.
Yeah, Marvin.
And threatened me with my job if I didn't show up this time.
And I said, I don't want to either mean me
and everybody's been being there.
And Gary Bruce said, we need somebody that
can come in when we call them to and isn't
afraid to work with certain individuals.
And so I, you know, I stuffed some cotton up my button
came in.
Really?
Yeah.
And it's still there.
What?
There it is.
Yeah, I should change it once more.
Well, thanks, George.
You're the best.
It's been great.
Totally.
Yeah, except for the fumes.
Don't blame me for that.
Except for the money.
Don't blame me for that.
No.
But I did thank you for, for usually I say that nice check
for setting up that the nice effigate thing that made me
realize I was rich.
And believe me today, make more for me and my family.
Huh?
Thank you for paying my bills and feeding my family.
Right.
Well, thank you for enhancing my, you know, whatever.
Believe me, as long as you do.
Phil Beckman says, Happy Anniversary from a former South
Florida radio person.
Never heard of you, Phil.
I was told to listen to you when I started at Magic 102 April
87.
I didn't, although I left Miami Radio 90.
Oh, congratulations, Phil.
I still listen to you over here in Naples.
This is where a good AM signal trumps FM in the sheer
coverage area.
You're a one-on-kind broadcaster.
Yes, I am, Phil.
And I wish you continued success so you decided you had enough.
One question.
When did you start using drop-ins?
Oi!
They really add to your show and take talent to use properly.
Oh, yeah.
It's as opposed to...
Oh, my God.
Remember Chris Baker?
Oh, my God.
That's the one drop-in-y, hand-in.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
You must have played it 400 times an hour.
Oh, my God.
Chris Baker, Chris of the candlestick maker.
Oh, my God.
Thanks for 31 great years, 20 which I've been privileged to share.
It says Phil.
Thanks a lot, Phil.
And if you're smart enough to get out of the business, okay?
All your kids out there, don't get into the radio business.
It blows.
It's been okay to me, especially on the financial side, although
mentally I probably could use the little rehab, you know?
A little mentally frazzled and a frizzled vibe.
But it's just that they're the business.
The business blows.
Mm-hmm.
Thousands and 97 tallies on this pool.
How long have you been listening to the old man?
The legendary Neal Rogers?
12 to 20 years, 379.
20 to 30 years, 266.
You put those two together, you got 59% almost.
600 and let me do the math.
600 and some.
40, five.
Well, I'm telling you, I'm good with the numbers, man.
I'm good with math.
Not with anything else.
If I find a good number, I'm pretty good with it.
Yeah, with him.
I like a good number.
Mm.
Nine to 12 years, Andre.
178, five to eight years, 135.
Let me tell you about Berlin last summer.
Not.
Two to five years, 88.
Since day one, 22, that's shocking.
I'm a new listener, 12.
I hate this full 10 and one year.
Solomon, they see it.
They take on for sale.
The best talent.
How about in the Chinese school?
Radio 560.
You A-M.
You get a lot of b-s.
Five.
The Rogers on Sportshold.
Radio WQ-A-M.
Oh.
Now back to the Neal Rogers program on 1240 WGBA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host,
six year old Neal Rogers.
Okay, I just forgot to mail.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
Let's take some calls.
The only one.
Hello.
And Neal, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Wresden, I can't film my subscription to the Rochester Democrat
and Chronicle.
Oh, the good old DNC.
What an abortion that people is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said, not on my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
Okay, well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fun American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neal.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neal.
Yeah.
Neal, you're a stinky pink on glue sniffing
and bad weather at a pansy.
Break all.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Who's he get off?
What a mong brain.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to the Lysha.
And this guy calls me named.
She's my new sir.
She's on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
Now what are you tackling about that egg?
This is my son.
I'm a million producers in the world
and they stick me in here with an egg.
Shut up, my god.
Let me see.
Hello.
Hello Neal.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so terrible.
Yeah, but you can't shut it off.
You can't shut it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from everstations.
Papagia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque, sub-human, dudebag.
Unbelievable.
To meet the hell.
Hello, is this Neal Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or a watt?
No, I have to put it to the operator.
Let's...
Let's...
Let's knock him to the house.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I wasn't anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And do we be true in two?
Oh, shut up.
I just got it.
And if you think he's bad enough, let's all be hatching.
Oh, boy.
Okay, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
So you see what I'm up against, Tammy?
Now that I've got the mismanagement of radio,
which goes with the territory no matter which station you're at in this market,
but I've also got Norma Kent, who's a Denver than a box of rocks.
Denver than a bottle of iodine.
Come on, Norma.
Get with it.
It's on the day my 31st anniversary, and instead of starting a two-year extension,
so I can keep sucking up this money and live in the life of Riley.
Instead of doing that, you're having another adversarial day with Joe Bell.
Looks to me like he wants to have a war.
He wants to go to the mattress.
Oh, yeah.
The mattress?
Yeah.
The mattress is like a commenza.
That's what I heard.
Now, who wrote this?
This come from 1976 when Neil went on the year in South Florida.
This is pretty interesting, wouldn't you think?
A little bit.
Wow.
Whoever put this stuff together off the line, of course, off the Internet.
But President Ford appoints a successor January 30th,
former CIA director William E. Colby, who was dismissed late last year.
This is 1976.
Former Texas Oilman, George Herbert Walker Bush will have the agency until January next year, CIA.
California Governor Ronald Reagan campaigns for the Republican presidential nomination,
denouncing the Ford administration signing of last year's health stinky accord,
because of put America's stamp of approval on Russian enslavement of the captive nations,
giving away freedom of millions of people, freedom that was not ours to give.
Secretary of State Kissinger calls Reagan trigger-happy,
and the Republicans nominate President Ford.
Oh, I wish I could have met President Ford,
because he was a great athlete at Michigan,
never that a boxer sawed us, but he was a great athlete.
Hey, Russ, or whoever that idiot was yesterday morning on the morning show,
you ought to hang your head and shame, Tom Dooley.
Boston Red Sox owner Tom Yalki dies in July 9th, and Boston's 873.
Leaving 15,000 acres of wildlife preserved at the state of South Carolina,
with a $10 million trust fund to maintain it.
I wonder if I was in his will.
The unmanaged U.S. Space Vehicle Viking One Lands on March 20th
transmits the first pictures from the planet's service Viking 2 arrives on March 15th,
but last another minorities are in temperate, a retroactive job security
of the US Supreme Court rules March 24.
So far, none of these are really very interesting, but nevertheless,
oil bearing John Paul Gidey died in a sudden place,
Surrey Homme, June 6th, age 83, 1976,
leaving a state that had more than a billion dollars,
but he didn't leave me in his will either.
Four new U.S., just calm down, okay?
You got a long way to go.
Four new, I can't say.
Four nude, U.S. nuclear power reactors begin commercial production of electricity.
Don't tell me is this the same thing?
Oh, it's another page.
Yeah.
Well, I knew that the effects would start pouring in by the ones just like the calls.
Well, I'll get a lot more calls on.
Regularly scheduled air France and British Airways commercial supersonic Concorde
flights begin January 21 between Paris and Rio and London by Ryan, respectively by train.
Both airlines begin Concorde service to Washington DC May 24th,
but the cost of developing and building the supersonic jet has been astronomical.
It uses 20% more fuel-like conventional jet.
It's payload is much smaller.
It creates a sonic boom that shatters windows can only be flown over water
and will never produce a profit.
Pan Ambingen's non-stop New York to Tokyo Service April 26th using Boeing 747.
This is 1976.
The year I went on a year on KAT March 1st, 1976,
a day that will live in infamy.
Hang down your head, Tom Dooley.
Microsoft Corp is founded Albuquerque by computer-wiz Bill Gates
and is friend Paul Allen with the state of name of creating a software
business separate from any hardware company.
Apple Computer is founded April 1 in California,
garage to produce personal computers.
Stephen Wazniak and Stephen Jobs are college dropouts.
It was 26 months designing the crude prototype for Apple One using ideas,
including the mouse picked up from business to Xerox Corporation.
Maybe they have a lot of mice and rats running around at Xerox.
Xerox once upon a time the headquarters was in Rochester.
Let's talk a lot about Rochester, not films in 1976.
This is for really interesting.
I'm glad something finally is.
All the presidents, men with the Nero, I mean with the Redford, Hoffman and Robards.
The front with Woody Allen, Zero Mustell.
About the blacklisting of alleged commies in the 50s.
Of his counties, the instant with Giancarlo Giannimi, Laura Antonelli.
I wonder how about John Yanton-Elli, Jennifer O'Neill.
Marsal Ophius, Opholz, the documentary,
The Memory of Justice about the Nuremberg, Trous After W.W.W.2.
Sydney Lemesse Network with Fay Dunway, Peter Finch, William Holden, Robert Duval.
For my money, what are the great movies of all time?
I'm as mad as hell, I'm as hooked to the thesis anymore.
I thank God Josh Kordeson here to fall asleep again.
How could anybody knock that movie?
I know it's slow, it's slow, the young people today don't have enough actin'
enough blood, enough gods enough violent what?
It's slow pace, it's a lot of talking.
It's great.
I loved it.
Lena Whartmore with Seven Beauty's with Giancarlo Giannimi,
but at Giancarlo, man, he was all over the place.
Small change with, I can't read that name at all, some frog name.
Desmosou, Philip Goldman.
Also, Hal Ashby's Bond for glory with Keith Kerrady and his Woody Guthrie.
Don's party with John Hartley's, and most of these movies,
they never were not only saw, I saw the front, although I saw most of them.
Joe will be 25 and near 2000 with Miriam Boyes, Jean-Luc Bidoux,
King of the Road with Rudy E. Volgur, the last tycoon with the Nero,
Gordon Parks Leadbelly with Roger Mosley as the legendary folk singer,
Confect and Trous String guitar player, Huddy Leadbetter,
Lumiae with Moro, a whole bunch of frogs, and I can't read the French stuff.
The Manu-Freller with David Boye and Rip Torin,
the Pink Panther Strikes, and with the great Peter Sellers,
Rocky with sliced along with nothing's perfect.
The shoot is with John Wayne Lauren McCall, Martin Scorsese's
Taxi Driver with Robert De Nero, Sivil Shepherd and Harvey Coutsell.
There's a great flick.
There is an M.A.B. De Nero's best movie.
You don't think?
I'm thinking.
And don't tell me Godfather too.
No, not.
I know no Godfather.
Very good. I'll get back to you on that one, but you might be right.
You have to get back to me on it.
And Roman Polanski is the tenant with Polanski in Isabel Ajani
as in Gianni Versace.
Well there you go. That's what was going on in 76.
Here's a fact from R.G. Junior.
It says, congratulations to you on your anniversary.
How can you have a day of memories and reflections
without some of Mohawar David's inside stories
and funny Boca Ryan bits? Please play some.
Faith Follister since 1980.
20, 70 years, almost 30. Thank you, R.G. Junior.
Or whoever you are. 1134 out of here.
What's our goal today? 13th?
If we can't make it to 13 today, man, we just aren't cut to them.
The day of my 31st wedding in anniversary.
All that stuff.
How long have you been listening to the legendary year Rogers?
12 to 20 years to every 92.
20 to 30 years, 279.
Nine to 12 years, 184.
Five to eight years, 138.
Two to five years, 90.
Since day one, still 22.
I think everybody else is dead.
Because most of the people I had at KAT, they were close to that time.
They all 30 years ago.
I hate this pool.
10. That's 0.8.
That's what Joel Alfimberg has got across the street.
And one year, still 7.
So the overwhelming majority, then thanks to the loyal audience out there, man.
And you know we got four pages?
Boy, am I going to have a lot of work at two?
I better put a couple of weenies on the thing, you know?
What is that thing?
Flavor weight.
The flavor weight.
Well, it's easy to forget.
Even though I just bought that one for Josh Curtis.
Hey, where's Josh Curtis coming to give me a big kiss on the lips, huh?
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
He's in there.
.
He's in there.
He's in there.
, sir.
Kyel is in there.
I am young.
And that's all right.
All right,
and how?
Welcome.
You're done, you're gonna fight somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants?
It's amazing.
Very no chance I'll ever be coming back.
Outside of considering a little greater than it comes direct.
If you wanna know what will save you from shutting that transmitted the ground.
Why, that's easy.
Sure.
What's the number one?
What should be this now?
I don't know.
What should be the show?
It's a show.
I'm joking.
I'm easier on three plots only got you today.
What?
The states that my ratings have bottomed out in this game.
What radio have you been loving?
The ones that I gave you civil wars.
And we did.
Yeah.
All you need is now.
Yeah.
Oh, three games in a row.
All you need is now.
In the middle of the night.
All you need is a show.
It's a show.
My boy.
I'm gonna win.
I'm gonna win.
You'll fight away something.
You can't take the only to give you this.
What is he doing?
Are you gonna go fire me?
I'm gonna go fire you.
I'm gonna go fire you.
Hey, boy, how are you?
With this week's installment of the...
Now, see here.
I'll see here.
Pants are essentials who are man's attire.
I got all kinds of things in my pants.
And a Martian's.
A dingo very easy.
Who knows what I'll find it in next?
You know, many things have been said about my pants.
I may not be wearing any now.
But that's only cause and a flurry of excitement.
I sold them.
Big more for pants.
Fred Moiz, a James Coco.
Come on.
And another thing.
Big more for hygiene.
Summer's Eve or Mr. Whipple.
And I think you know the answer to that one.
And while I'm under subjectors for...
Who did more for the dolphins offense?
Slow moe rose into all of them.
Or Mr. Kitzel.
Let me give you something else to put your pink pigtail smoke.
Who did more for Gleib Mist Bathroom spray?
Or hey, bag of dawn Rodriguez.
Or buy him denny.
Ah!
Damn it.
You know where you can insult us under facts here.
If Joyce will only die.
Wait.
Where did you go?
You can't go nowhere.
Take off those checkered pants.
Exactly.
Anyhow, I could play all of his bits.
But what would be the point?
I'm sure he's out there listening right now.
Nice going there.
31 years.
What's the dance of my grave?
Guess what?
You'll croak first.
That's my golden life.
I'll live the moment, the moment.
I'll live on a stage and I'll say that.
Why did you keep making fun of his checkered pants?
I've given the chicken eggs since I already peed on your foot a little bit.
And the chicken egg.
How can we give him enough credit?
Other than my swimming bowl of checks all the time.
Yeah, that's it.
That's all he cares about.
Although I will say this.
Did I mention this yesterday?
He was the first one I opened up.
I mentioned it.
Do I have it here?
It's like when you send somebody a card.
Yeah.
As I get older, I don't send anybody cards.
Do you send anybody birthday cards?
Other than your family.
I send some e-cards every now and again.
E-E.
I don't believe in cards.
David's voice says,
E-E.
Greetings cards are very lacking.
I think in my imagination, I think that's the right thing.
You open it up and read it and throw it in the trash.
There are some people who put them on the table for their birthday.
They sit around and look at it.
Oh, it's not wonderful.
There's a card from Shoei.
Then you throw them in the trash.
Anyway, chicken eggs.
We just frost my ass.
Because a lot of the stuff he does for us.
Some of the comedy services buy.
They play nationally and put a few extra bucks in his pocket.
Which gets them off of my ass.
But the best bit that he ever did.
Not the pottiest.
But the best one.
To this day, they still never picked it up.
I don't think.
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, please.
Politically.
We're in Heragley.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to a dumb at people killed.
With the gas that we sold him.
First time a crescertaination.
And the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
And the nook there, Toshin' at the right wing.
He's drilling it over and over and to our hits.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Three thousand people killed.
Our not forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after satan too.
Plankato's sum up.
There's no longer mention of.
The name been lauded.
But no one seemed concerned all.
Come be in complacence.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
That controlled us by fear through media manipulation.
And the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our hits.
That irack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Huh?
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table fuckers all are saying.
Lino-beenian cattle don't have any reservation.
Foude of provoked, faveled, world of myelation.
Old regimes must fall.
And have a virgin in stoke with no objection at all.
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade was hit.
My rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Are you sure only a rack has some weapons of mass destruction?
No.
No!
So brilliant that only a genius could write it and produce it.
And sing it and did it and he did it.
Nice going chicken, we love you.
But you know he's an unappreciated talent.
You think they pay him on time all the time?
No they don't.
5, 6, 7, let's take a bunch of congratulatory phone calls here.
So everybody can like take a little bit on my feet.
Got my bare feet.
In fact you'll be amazed today.
I got my walking shorts on.
I don't know why.
Maybe you've planted on to some walking around the house?
No, I was thinking that maybe there'd be a knock on the door and there'd be a surprise visitor with the door.
Candyman's?
Land shark?
Yeah, like what you have over the window.
Maybe somebody who sends some like a mael striper like that's the one that I told.
I didn't even finish this story.
Because I don't want to describe it especially now in the middle of lunch hour.
I mean this guy was so...
He was grovey and smelly and grotesque and hairy and bowled like a...
I think he had club feet.
Yeah, if I look in the mirror I can see something even a little better than that.
I mean that was really nasty.
And he's like dancing and then you know getting like close to me.
And I'm like, oh let me out of here, let me out here.
Let me run please, please.
Get a can opener and open up the door so I can get out.
It was not a don't do that to your friends.
If it's somebody who hate like poison which I think is why they did that.
And you want to just embarrass the living F out of them.
We'll just go right ahead and do it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, that was quite glad I got through.
Congratulations man.
30 years ago.
Thanks, Sally.
I moved to Florida in 91 to perpetuate my music career which went down to Toilet.
Sure.
But I'm thankful that I moved here because I would have never heard about you.
I've learned quite a bit but just listening to you and George too.
And George to a netherworld forget those great tapes too that Joe's got in the camera.
But I'll call it teaplem.
It's nonstop entertainment information, education and the price is right.
I wish people would just shut up and listen open area.
These people out there they ought to be kissing their radios right now.
Like bubble would say kiss it.
It's all good. Kiss it.
Right. Thanks, Sally.
That's to you Neil. Thanks for that.
Thanks for that.
I had a great laugh.
These people are really sweet today man. They're sweet.
What was that?
I don't know if that was that phone thing.
Oh, it's not connected again.
Oh boy.
But it's back.
It's doing spastic things.
Although at least I got my green lights on down here.
But the phone is doing some very...
But hey, don't knock it.
Okay, unless you try it.
QAM.
Okay, so you have a little maybe the little spas left over.
QAM, hello.
Morning sir.
Yes sir. How are you?
Great.
Almost 31.
I picked you up right after you were on for about two or three months.
Oh my god.
Thanks for all the memories.
I would agree with you that's probably a book as best that not the funniest.
I would say the funniest is still the bonics.
Oh, that's coming up right after the break.
Let me tell you a quick little story if you got a couple of seconds.
Go ahead.
I was with a friend of mine, a taxi driver driving up 95 right as you get towards commercial.
When we first heard that.
And I thought this man, he had to pull over to the shoulder of the road
and just sit there and beating on the wheel, rolling around the car.
I thought this man was going to have a heart attack.
I thought this guy is going to die on me here.
How am I going to drive this?
I'm going to drive this.
That's in my opinion that's something that should have made national comedy routines.
But chicken neck is certainly what's the first bit he did for you sitting on a bench in Delray?
I think the bulk of song might have been the first one.
I'm not really sure.
Oh, yeah. The bulk I think.
Yeah.
So anyways, thanks for all the memories, sir.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
You have a great life.
Of course, one thing that all of us, this 15 to 20 years, whatever that thing says,
12 to 20 years and 20 to 30.
I just picked numbers out of a hat, you know, out of my back there too.
And I washed them off so I could read them and then put them on the pool.
I think we spread it out pretty good there, huh?
It gives a good sampling, a good whatever, demographic, which means you got a lot of old people
if they've been listening to 20 to 30 years, not necessarily.
If you've been listening like 20 years and you were like 16 when you started listening,
you're like little Joey, only 36. He's not old, especially by our standards, right?
No.
If you've been listening 12 to 20 years, like if you've started listening when you were 18,
even if you're listening 12 years, you're, I would say about...
About 30, man.
...that.
So what's wrong with that?
We'll take it right now.
I'll take these names.
I'll take this year.
I'll take this year.
I'll take this year.
I'm about 25, 40, 560.
You A M.
I took a call from the eponics.
They say the future needs right for me.
Now I can't get snow job.
Because I don't got no literacy.
I was talking like an old meagro.
The eponics thought they had this way.
Now I can't do nothing.
But my heritage says that's okay.
Change my name to shoot, roll, drive a dude, send a quarter in a Cadillac.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside,
developing their bar, grinding the blues, my father teeth.
White devil's got snow job, foes me and time.
The eponics will give my love to change now.
I got to go and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine.
Lord, He would have bought it in the song.
Uh huh.
The eponics makes me sound funny.
Got nothing to do with literacy.
Now I got to make more money.
They've a pool, sounds good to me.
I got plenty of nothing.
The eponics ain't getting me anywhere.
Maybe I'll mug an old white bitch, steal her purse and pull her hair.
Then I gonna take some money.
I remember when I was stealing all the white men's cars hanging outside,
developing their bar, grinding the blues, my father teeth.
White devil's got snow job, foes me and time.
The eponics will give my love to change now.
Uh huh.
I have to go with their mo
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine
Crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack cocaine, crack con
She didn't know what purposes we talked about, shouldn't we but,
we better play it, we better play it in both.
You told me not to.
We're gonna play a game.
We'll be slipping through it there, right?
We'll be slipping through it there, right?
Any panic to be the name?
No, what you doing down here?
You take a funky dope word.
It's a guy from Boy A.
It's a guy from Steel's to make it right.
Check that one out and kick it.
What you doing down here?
You have a sound and dope down here.
No, no.
Jesus.
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
Let me suppose everyone needs a big38F
Jesus.
Let me do a homie.
Your homie gonna benefit the most from
the mountains sufferin'
ouvert home.
.
Report this is imperial sworn
gentleman has tied her in the mountains
Independence time for the quality
of the land.
Who got home?
First stock hoard?
8,6...
Oh boy, oh!
You be bold, so with fun it's a fun
Don't add bad football, and keep bad footballing
Oh, yeah, I try your little good football
Talk about football, and add bad football
Don't speak bad football
Buck
Be solid and stay
Be solid and stay
Be solid and stay
Yeah, I don't want to be disappointed
I know what you're talking about, so I'm playing in both
I'm having a little M-N-Thal, a Swiss cheese here
to honor my 31st anniversary
So I'm a Swiss cheese, and I'm a Swiss enough extort, I mean, though a poker says
Tamarack Blues was the first that he ever sent you
Really?
Yeah
I think I just played that for you, didn't I?
And not only did I just played there, but you know what?
I can't, it's not in the alphabetical order in here, but E-C-S, you don't where it is?
Where?
It's right under there are two beds, bomb their ass, and I just played it for you, but it's something I'll play it again in the first bed
Stand on my head, the cat, she was chicken neck
Here's a boy, I was in front of you, the air, if you're young
You lose, I've got the Tamarack Blues
Oh
All I heard today was, hey, that's the hell out of my way
Yeah, no, okay here, wait, I got the scrap
I got the Tamarack Blues
Oh
Oh, take the tip, from being my friend
If your life is near the end
I'm trying to operate me commercial in West Big Man
You get the Tamarack Blues
All the free effects and memories of my dogs, you know, I bought them both in Tamarack, I bought them in that pet store
I was in Tamarack there, I think like in commercial in the university, you know what I'm talking about?
No, it's not there, no mall order, no pet store, no commercial in the university
It's still there?
Commercial in the university is still there, yeah
Well, that's pretty good, that's exciting
See, if I wasn't so out of touch, I got some good news for it, by the way, next time I come back to town in a couple of months
I'm going to weigh 170 something
That is good news
Well, if you last had a couple of months, I'm going to weigh down to 183, can you believe that?
What are you going to do with all that loose skin?
Sell it?
Excellent, burn fixers
See, one thing with normal, you know, on the 31st anniversary, this would be a great day to announce
Neo designed another 20-year extension on his contract, 20 years are an unless he croaks first or whatever, you know
Would that be nice to, as opposed to having another verbal war and sending some nasty hostile message to Jersey Jolly Jobelle
About where is the promotion for the 31st anniversary, and I'm really pissed off about this
Get a life normal, okay?
God, must be her boyfriend's given her a hard time, I don't know what her story is
Here's the fact that since happy 31st anniversary Uncle Neo, thanks for the daily therapy, you've helped me get through the day for about 20 years so far
I worked with your old friend Harlan at BrandsMart, wonder whatever happened to Harlan and Stem, and all those guys from Novice used to be at Zeta
They probably got out of town
Stem got married and had at least two kids that I know of, didn't know we handed them
Don't stop being yourself, it says, and please don't retire, you're good for at least another 10 years
You're the best from your loyal listener, Emilio and your friends at MSI Music, PS don't forget about me and you will you bastard
And Ken Maldon says happy anniversary, you've come a long way since KAC, thanks Ken
There's one of my favorite people in the whole world, Ken Maldon, I don't know if I'll ever see him again, he's a great guy
He is a good guy
You're not a good guy, great guy
He's a great guy
I love you Ken, the greatest
He is
I don't appreciate it of course, but he's there
Is he there today, he must be
Yes, he must be
He brought the facts and that's why I wrote it on there
Thanks a lot of Ken Pally
Ken Maldon from WGBS back in the day when I guess Arnie Warren was there in those days
Oh my God, Arnie and Amos, they were really famous for about five minutes
I remember Lynn Russell when she was the PDKAT, she was telling me that Arnie Warren was the best radio personality in the market
And I was arguing with her telling me that Bill Carter was a lot funnier than Arnie Warren would ever be
And Bill Carter was the great guy, oh well Arnie Warren is the best radio personality
You know she's a candidate now, she might be right, she might be outside the window now, rated knock on the door
Wouldn't that be something, take a look
Here's Lynn Russell, I know Jim Alton won't be there
Because he's dead
I told him that time he tried to take me home with him, that night we headed to the...
What was the restaurant down there on South Beach? Pickalos
Great Italian restaurant, boy I love that place
He first he tried to pick up the young waiter, which was not a bad idea because he was really cute
And then he tried to pick me up, I mean yeah
Were you really heavy in those days, were you heard himself?
As a matter of fact yes, Ben with the knees then, lift with the knees
Ben with the knees?
Yeah, sounds a little like a joke
No chance, not this girl, no way Jose, not for nobody
And I do mean nobody, 123 votes on a pool, boy we got...
Well we got 13, look, don't we?
And so we got 12, 26
You know I don't have any equipment problems today, I mean the phone's a little bit spastic
But it's been okay and the green lights are going as the green lights, so we'll get through the anniversary show
But it does seem like yesterday you know, maybe we'll only send that new 40-year deal, I worked like from 10 to 10-30
And then George from like 10-30 to 11 minutes, some of those great tapes
Oh yeah, that Joe Bell is so much in love with, I think he does have a tapeworm, don't you?
Is that what it is?
What?
Because he said he's got tapes off the record, that's what they call it, the old tapeworm
The biggest name, the best talent for this is Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560-EU-A-M
4th radio 560-EU-A-M
4th radio 560-EU-A-M
4th radio 560-EU-A-M
Oh, 4th radio 560-EU-A-M
Oh, wow!
Oh, wow!
Oh, there's a marvelous place, I know, huh? Well, the wealthy people go
It's where royalty play follow, and that's what I like about Voka
A down where he goes on never small, a down where they say, health call, and every corner has a ball
That's what I like about Voka
Then 10 grand on health force reviews, spend the day in Jewish bakeries, you should take these delicacies
That's what I like about Voka
A pleasing excuse for our attitudes, and our ban, double views, a leaf-wing pleasure in being rude
That's what I like about Voka
Oh!
Who cheesed up the girl at churches, when shoes make us so much ass, if you're clean, we'll let you touch us
And that's what I like about Voka
Oh, we really don't care what you think, you see how a dude who doesn't stink
There's no coffee, only Voka
And that's what I like about Voka
That's what I like about Voka
Oh, right!
23, 27, or what? I better take a look at the rest of the schedule, this because it's our 31st anniversary show
That means this is the only show on the station today, doesn't it? No, in fact, Mad Dog is back today
Oh, right!
From 2 to 4 after a 3-well-deserved day's-off
Let's see, this must be one of his 40 days of year that he works
Mad Dog 2 to 4, and the power hour is back, it returns with the Humphor in the Mad Dog, the other 4 to 5
Humphor solo, Hank Goldberg 5 to 7 followed by Panthers preview
No!
That's 7 o'clock, Panthers against the Dallas stars
It doesn't say Ad Dallas, I'm assuming it's a home game at 7-30
Clarence must be wayward at basketball at Clemson last night, huh?
Okay
And then Chris was telling me he was ripping Clarence and ass you the day was great
What were we saying about, he's got, yeah, he was saying he's got some tournament, the ACC or whatever
I said the ACC tournament, I believe is next week, and whether the Keynes are in it or not
They're going to, Himmage or Z will be doing the ACC tournament
We're talking about the blind, leading the blind, Clarence and Josie, wow
Here's the Gaggy sucks, okay?
Yeah
So that means you won't be seeing too much Clarence next week, and you know what else it just don't
I mean that I forgot all about, oh my goodness, I'm going to make my date right now for Woodbine Friday
You want to know why?
Because tomorrow we get out of here early, so you forgot all about that
Because all the fumes are affecting your mind or what's the question?
What?
There's no question the fumes have affected us today
Really?
Then are they still bad?
They're getting a little better
I think you're just getting numb is what it is
Anyway, the Marlins and the Orioles are first exhibitionist broadcast of the year at 1250 tomorrow
Now let's see who's doing the games, I forget already
Who's doing the games on radio, who do we have?
Who?
Roxy Bernstein
Yeah
Oh and I think Van Hoering, is he coming back again?
As far as I know
And what do I forgot?
And you know, Josh Court has never did come in to give me a big radio kiss, that was bad
He will, maybe his thing broke again and the flavor wave too
Maybe his Russian girlfriend broke his thing again
And the flavor
He only received the three stories from you
Well, it's possible, I mean, I was so whipped up about this anniversary today, do you believe that?
No
I just, maybe I just forgot about it
Maybe it's my old, old timers kicking in
So that means we get out here at 1250 tomorrow for the baseball game
And I do believe we got a bunch of those coming up fairly soon
Guys, love that baseball
And love those Marlins, they are the best, oh yeah
So that's a good news for us and bad news for the ratings, I mean bad news for somebody
From 114 tallies on here, I think we got 13, I would like to easily mon
13, of course we should have about 2000 because it's not really a poll to survey
And everybody, everybody out there with a computer, everybody out there will take the time just a few seconds
They could tally on there and do a little tally, oh if they want to do, they just don't care enough to send their very best
What kind of people are that?
Lazy, 1214, we should be easily over like 40,000,000 now
WQAM, hello
QAM
Yeah, is Neil?
Yes sir
Neil Rogers
That's the one
That's the one, Neil, old acquaintance
Mimey Airport
Oh my gosh, this is the reporter guy from the reporter, whatever you did there
Right, right, you got this bro
Your name began with a C, oh I could almost tell you what your name was
G-Garth
G-Garth, that's the guy, remember you like it was just yesterday, I've been doing it for a lot of day lately
And I may have to come back to Mimey, you still working there G-Garth?
No man, I'm out of there, I gave it up about eight months ago
I don't blame you
Yeah, things are terrible
Really?
Yeah, so I was, you know, trying to get hold of you for the last couple hours
And I was in the shower when you answered and I lost you
Yeah
Yeah, so the other thing is going, guy
Things are going good man
And I think I'm going to go back to Mimey International even though it's a zoo over there
Because for Lauderdale Airport, that terminal for it is terminal man
The worst, you don't ever want to take a job there
Not terrible
Now I think I'm going to lay you low on the job bit
Yeah, good idea, me too
Yeah, but you're making that money guy, you got to keep going
That's for damn sure, I'm making my money so I can leave a big will for all you guys, you know?
Yeah, yeah
That's right
Well, it's good to hear it from you G-Garth, you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm all right, hey listen
Yeah, if you get a chance, I'd like to get hold of you off the radio, you know?
For what?
You can give, guy, I can give me a call or something at my house or, you know
If it's all right, you know
Well, what do you want to talk about G-Garth?
Yeah, nothing I'm for everybody to hear about really
Oh
Something bad?
No, no, no
Something good?
Yeah, it could be good, I don't think the public really want to hear about it, you know?
Well, just give me a clue, give me a hint
Give me a hint?
Yeah
It's personal, you know, just because I have to wait, you're a regular guy when you're not in the air, you know?
I mean, just something I'd like to tell you
Okay, well hold on, I'll put you on hold and crystal take your number and maybe one of these days
All right, buddy
Thanks a lot, Garth, hang in there
Do you have any idea what he's talking about or what is that?
I thought I put him on hold, what happened to him?
I'm still here
Okay, like I said, I thought I put him on hold, hint on hold
Oh, it says it's not connected
I, he's on hold, I got it
Oh
See, this thing is only partially working, this thing that we thought I mean, at least it can take the calls now you got him Chris as Garth
We got him
He's a good guy, he used to be like a porter at Miami International and every time I'd be waiting for your Canada
He would always come by and give me a big handshake and like a good guy
Listener, you know like a regular guy
1238-22, there's the pull again, I probably should do that
All these are different pulls
You know, they got 87 different pulls
Look at that, Julianne 44% McCain is dropping like a rock, 44 to 19 Julianne is adding him
And Barack Obama is gaining on Hillary like she's laying flat
I'll get into that
He said
Well, I don't know, I mean, don't you think I'd be taking 80 million phone calls after all we got all this big publicity?
The TV station?
Oh yeah
Are you going to start doing a normal Kent Noun start picking on it?
I'm in a great mood today in case you hadn't noticed I'm a big taker
Then you the one that's giving me, everybody I know they all give me this crap
Oh, if you're happy we're happy, if you're in a good mood we're in a good mood
That's very important for you to be happy
I'm concerned, good
Am I not?
Yeah
I'm ecstatic today
What did I say to the contrary?
I don't know, you're suggesting
I don't know, you're not sure, and then with Joe Belly and you and Norma Kent
Oh yeah, I think it's a George Norma conspiracy
Yeah, sure
If that would be the surprise of the two you guys, he'll open for the week his own
Uh huh
You and Norma, I can just see that
Oh God
It's good, not
The mad dog is out of control
And you'll find out why when you hear the latest release from Blackpuster Entertainment
Jim Mandage, sings duets
The Ralph Rye
Run around in the free ground
Oh Ralph
Here's a mad dog, two vending, singing Washington Rock
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
Oh Ralph
At first, Jim said he felt a little bit foolish
No, I can't, I'm unique in a horror
But now he said, I like it
I like it
The mad dog just can't piss enough with that cottage cheese butt
If he wants to be the sing, God bless America and paste these in the G-string up here, I'll do it
You got food
And everybody knows that it's all right
All right
Listen to the mad dog sing himself happy
All right
All right
All right
Sing's duet, available now at all blockbuster schools
From 46 mad dog will be here at 2 o'clock to 7 o'clock
No one in the hopper sends me a nice of facts here
How many GMs have we out lasted?
And I wrote down the names of all the GMs that worked for all
And I can't remember, what was the guy at INZ who's a moron Tim?
Oh I can't think of his line's name
Oh you can't rip me out of here
I got children, teenage children who listen to the old show
Remember that?
Yeah
I can't think of his line's name
And he was the son-in-law of the owner at INZ, an idiot
Anyway, it says a happy anniversary Gary Bruce got me such a hang
How's Hank doing?
He losing answer too?
Right
Did he come in to give you this?
That was the product
Allison did
Oh
So in other words, you don't know you haven't seen Hank up close and personal recently or what?
Yeah
Love you Hank
Sid Levin, Dick Casper, Lucro and I'm writing the General Manager's All of My Work for it
Stanley Cohen, Lucro and Stanley Cohen, Gary Lawrence, he was a good guy
And Dick Casper was the best
Tim Hardaway, no Tim Sumpa, I can't think of his name
Isn't that something?
What a jackass he was
Mike Disney, Bob Green and Greg Reed
And of course now it's Jolly by Joe Bell, Jolly Jersey or Rolly by Joe Bell
I don't think Joe's gonna last too long either because I think he and Norm are gonna have like a duel in the parking lot
I think that's not so okay, Correll
I don't know what's going on with those guys
They're feuding and fighting and in the meantime I'm just trying to stay alive
That's all I'm coming in here every day into a fine job
Phil sends a fax and says, you know, back in the day, you know, back like at IOD
When we weren't on a sports nerd station, on like a major ant, well this isn't a major one, you know, 31 isn't
But just on the first of March, on an anniversary show, the faxes we'd add pile to the ceiling, am I right?
Right
But to hear it's like they're coming in by the ones and not that I'm complaining you understand
You know, how much is your buck kissing can you take on one day? How much ass?
Let's find out
Neil, happy 31st when you go off the air in the very distant future
Talk where you will never be the same, so you are absolutely correct
I'm the conservative straight man having gay sexual or however you guys were phrasing it
When I was in college, one of the first sight courses I took was interdisciplinary sexuality, a very enlightening course
Interdisciplinary sexuality, hmm, is that like interplanetary sexuality?
Maybe one thing I remember it said in the course textbook was if you are in jail
And you have homosexual relations, there's not make a person gay
I hope they shed some light on the subject and that George will be able to deal with it with what you can
Right, right
Did you kick over my ripping condolences and do people on Tuesday handed on our websites a matter of fact
Also just watch Crash, and I have to say one of the best movies I've seen
I think Matt Dillen's one of the most underrated actors out there, it's his film
You know something I was never big on Matt Dillen, but he's great in that movie
And I'll tell you what else is great is your boring who you're on to when he's big is my buddy
Ryan Philippe
What's your name again?
Oh Reese Witherspoon
Reese Witherspoon, which you can, I went to school with a kid named Bob with his phone
He was in my high school, oh boy, I was just sitting next to him
Hmm, hmm, used to have to restrain myself from reaching over and just kind of like grabbing his legs
Things like that, you know, it's not good
Don't you think?
Not good
It would have been well, that's because I restrain myself, it probably would have been good if I hadn't restrain myself
Well if I could just do all of those things over again, wow, holy moly rat man
Oh Jesus God
Of course I'd probably got an expel from school, that would not have been good
I did get tossed out of Michigan State for not going to class because I was busy drinking mysterbrow
Good play later on on my ass and not going to class
But I still had a good time for a couple of years
At my parents' expense, that was bad and of course, I mean going to college to get into Broadway, oh I'd better not say that
Why?
Because we got that broadcasting thing on here that year at the time at college
Like I, what is it?
It's a school
Like I said, going to an expensive university, learning broadcasting is not a really, it all depends on what you can do
Like if you're going to be a management, look at all the rocket scientists we've been on, I got a list I just gave you
Thanks a lot, Humper
1249 tallies on our pool today on our survey
And the survey says, I'll get back to it, I don't want to keep reading it, it's a bunch of numbers
You know, well we could be taking a lot of these really good calls from my close personal friends from here
I still can't believe Jeff Cohen called in
And you notice I let him off the hook real easy, I didn't ask him about that, you know, the whole deal there what really happened
There's so many stories about that and I really don't carry still, he's still okay
I think WQA, I'm hello
Hi Neil
Yes sir
Oh, happy anniversary
Thanks, Pally
Now the reason I was calling is because I got yesterday, for the first time on DVD I've seen the film of course
I got the new network, the 30th anniversary edition
Really, I didn't know there was one out
And there's some extra stuff on it and even the help of pronouncing his name by the way I can interview with Patti Chattie
Chattie pronouncing last time
Thank you
Yeah, the Dynastore show
That's a hell, that's a lot of good things as I've seen before
Oh, right
Yeah, they had an interview with him on the Dynastore show
And that's how it happened
See, the USA, yeah, in your Chevrolet, her name was Fannie Rose Shore and she was Jewish
And I told her when she was on this as her life with Ralph Edwards
And they pointed out that her real name was that and that she was Jewish
She'd you want to jump out a crowd of the couch
Yeah, true story
Yeah, I've seen it
It's a good DVD because they give you Sydney Lumet does like audio commentary and you get it
And he's a stay down away and Sydney Lumet
Was William holding the bottle?
Well, too bad he's deceased
Too bad Peter Finch died when he was on a way to get some award or something, he croaked
Well, actually, I think when he did that the man is healthy and apparently he was done on two tanks
And I think the second time they did it he was like feeling he was like
That's when Sydney kind of figured out he might not be feeling too well or something
Yeah
I hope the part didn't kill him
I wouldn't want that to happen if he would have croaked right there in the middle of that scene
At least it would have been realist of like Jason Robes in Magnolia
Yeah
Well those tubes up his nose
Okay, listen Palli, have a great day
Okay, thank you
Listen to me, television is not the truth
So turn off your television sets, turn them off right in the middle of the scene
Like that
I have chosen you to preach this once to Bill
Why me?
Because you're on television dummy
I never knew we had that before, I can't believe that
Because you're on television dummy
That was a great role by, and of course it sure beat the one with the deliverance for Ned Beatty
That's what he said
He's still soar about that other day
I don't know what he's like, he's got a bad spanking there in deliverance
An entry
Well, you know, I'm actually the beastlies of that movie, it's kind of like a biographical thing
W-Q-A-M, hello
Q-A-M
Good afternoon, Neil
Yes sir
31st anniversary
Thank you
Congratulations on the weight loss
Yes?
And I've got a problem on the weight loss, if that may be giving a tip
I have a small couple of joints in the morning and I see a tiny chocolate doughnuts
Neil, I can't get away from it
You got me?
Yeah, my golden retriever used to have the same problem
Dominic Q-A-M, hello
Q-A-M
Hi Neil
Hi
My name is Brandy, it's self-BR-A-N-D-E-E
I just want to make sure you get it right in your will
Okay, no problem Brandy
Thanks
Give me your size
What?
I say have a great day
Thanks, bye
See you
5670560
I'm 5060
On the job verbite I should spell somebody's name wrong if I put them in my will
Boy, you got a long line, a long line of people are going to be in that will
Not
Now Chris has told me I had to put you in there for a little something
Everybody's told me, put George in there for a little something something
17 years for Christ's
He put them in there for something
Well that's sweet
I didn't say I was going to, I said that's what Chris was saying
Oh it's sweet for him to say
Of course I will
Of course I'm going to do that
In fact I might redo that whole thing this afternoon or whatever
Give Nor something to do
Yeah, give Nor market
Normal of Joe Bell's ass for crying out like, well what is that all about?
Can you believe that?
On a day that is so great and I'm in such a great mood and so you fork and so happy
Everything else, it's not unhappy anniversary, no it's happy anniversary
Nor market you puzzling you, faggot
You fairer
It was silly person man
I speak to two joints, there's living proof that too much bad weed man
Rocks your mind, I've been telling them that for years
Too much bad weed just rots your brain or what's left in it
Like maybe in here, go in there too
Shameful
252 people have tallied in, tallie ho
On our little survey here
How long have you been listening to the legendary Nearodgers?
That's what the Eric wrote and then he sent me that bill for the Abandwood
Hey listen I mean it's just it's just do now I guess
Yeah, it's just one of those things I can handle it, I'm making a couple bucks
252 people, 12 to 20 years, 437
20 to 30 years, 308
See when you put those two together and you've got 745 between those two
Which is 59 and a half percent of the entire audience
That's not a real good commentary on the tremendous audience we've built here on QM last nine plus years, is it?
George, no
Nine to 12 years, 204, 5 to 8 years, 147, 2 to 5, 97
Since day one, 27 people since March 1st, 1976
It could just blow me away man, does not be able to dance better than us
27 since day one, I'm a new listener, 13
I hate this pool 11 only, 0.8
That's the number Joel Feinberg life, 0.8
Percent, and 1 year 8
Wooo, heavy duty, that's a real workout, yeah
Have we accomplished anything here or what?
We'll kill three hours, so far and only a one to go
All right
8 sounds that you hate
But I'm an idiot and I think they're really great
I doubt that you can't handle one or two
Much less or 8
8 sounds that you hate
Ah!
The men from the boys, they will surely separate
I tell you what they are
guaranteed you'll go, yeah
I like fingernails on a blackboard
People crack their neck for their knuckles
When I rough style a fold together
That just makes me shuck
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
8 sounds you can't stand
But you could tolerate if you were a half the man I am
And to the list of 8
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate
Scraping on a plate
Scraping on a plate
Here's what I really love
You might want to try it
Give me feedback in my headphones
Ah yeah, that's more like it
Little more, little more over there
Little more, yeah
8 sounds so unique
Now let's review so you can really, really treat
The fingernails on a blackboard
When people crack their neck for their knuckles
Rub and style a fold together
Corsi makes me shuck
I wear new sneakers on a gym floor
Rating in a lumen on window
When a test is to drilling my mold
That makes me stay single
My boy singing on his record
He tetsules on fine china
And he sounds give you the shivers
That makes you a whiner
Hey you feel nuts if someone bites their fork like this
Cause I love it
Here, I'll do it again
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window I back my neck?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Supriwins, supriwins, oh wait
I got one more
Yeah, we got one more too
Okay, 102-560 WQM, it's our big one to our 185th
31st anniversary show
I think this is how we ought to take a lot of calls
Don't you? Cause I'm sure there's a lot of really important things
Keep sure they're trying desperately to get in
275 people are checking on the pool about how long they've been listening to the legend during the awardgers
And you know what would be a nice number to finish up with Chris?
1360
Oh okay
You want to know why?
Why?
What's the frequency for WKAT?
1360
Very good, good guess
That would be a cute number
I mean I don't know how you do that, get to like 1360 and then like freeze like annual prices right with Bill Cullen
I'm gonna freeze Bill, yeah freeze this
Here's the facts, thanks Neo for all you do
I've listened and called over the last 20 years
I first started calling you as a hell raising punk drunk off my ass
At 6 o'clock in the morning on Zeta
Wow! Now I'm married with a son, don't drink or smoke anymore
I have your best of CDs, a flavor wave and still listen to work
We've all your bedtime stories too
And look at that, he's got a website here
Sellabath
Sellabathias.com
Oh yeah I have seen that, I'm on there sellabathias.com
I've seen that
Says heath and AC, atheist, bastard, Neo Roger
Okay before we do the 8 million calls
New York Senator Hillary Clinton cleansed the way shrinking lead over Illinois Senator Barack Obama
And a national tested Democratic primary voter preference
While Republican Rudy Giuliani is expanding his edge over John McCain
Who's seeking like a brick
Accordingly news of the International Telephone poll
The survey was the first in slice weeks
Very public spat between the Clinton and Obama campaigns over Hollywood fundraising
And the conduct of the first Clinton administration
The Telephone Survey, which asked Democrats and Republicans and non-Line voters
In which primary caucus they planned to vote next year
Was conducted February 22nd and 4th
The surveys overall margin bear was plus or minus three points
Among those who said they vote in Democratic primary caucus for president
Clinton leads with 33% up from 4% from last survey in January
But Obama's made dramatic gains in the last six weeks
Moving from just 14% back in January to 25%
So it's 33, 25 and most people don't even know who the hell he is yet
Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards is a distant third winning only 12%
One in five said they weren't dissented about which Democratic candidate to support
On the Republican side, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani
Has expanded his lead over McCain leading 29 to 20%
Mitt Romney, the former Massachusetts governor, had a successful career in business-free rendering politics
Placed a distant turd on the GOP saw what he had, he had like a 9% not good
Nearly one in five Republican primary or caucus participants
Said they were unsure about whom to support
In a Democratic race Clinton went solid support among older voters
While Obama's got the age among younger counterparts
Clinton holds a 31 to 24% age among white Democratic voters
While the family's among African-American 3627
Progressives give them onto a memo while moderate's favorite Clinton
The two were deadlocked at 30%
But 30 men, four to among male Democratic voters but Clinton led among women 34 to 22%
How sad that is
Well, and the meat goes out
We're only going to have how many of these polls we're going to have every month?
Every week, yeah, for the next year and a half
I mean, it's only a year and a half away the election
So let's get all whipped up about it now
The rack is the man, remember I told you that a long time ago, did I tell you that?
Told you
Yeah, he did
Probably 86 others, so for 1360 means we need 76 more and 54 minutes
I think we can do it
WQAM, hello
Male
Yes?
First and foremost, what an honor I consider it to speak with you on the day of your 31st anniversary
I'm going to tell you that my daughter's wedding, yes it is
I've learned a lot from you, I've tremendous respect and admiration for you
And with that said, I still turned it over just a few minutes ago because another radio show just had Barack Obama on their lives
And I must tell you, you're right, that cast got us acting together
Yeah
He's very eloquent, he's not ridiculously verbose and bombastic like a lot of other politicians
He's very short, sweet and to the point
Right
And I just want to let you know that once again, you know, you and I put it on a handphone occasion over the years, whatever
But for the man, I can't call you up and let you know when I think you're correct on another issue
Okay, absolutely correct, okay thanks, Sally
Much obliged, Neil, incorrect
Much obliged for the wonderful call and say goodbye
WQAM, hello
Carpeid editor, Riven Shamba
WQAM, hello
QAM
Hit it again
No, there's nothing on, lost it
QAM, hello
Adial, happy 31 years on the air
Thanks, Sally
And, uh, has the money, uh, this call?
WQAM, hello
It's a good time for that great taste
Oh, it's noodles, all right, yeah, yeah, I never play that
Maybe, maybe once in a great while I play it and probably a good idea
It's a good time for the great taste
Neil, this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste
Maybe Greg Badell will call in between waiting tables at the Sterling Country Kitchen restaurant
If you're lucky
Yeah, hey, Greg, nobody's still like, yeah, I hate to break the news here, Greg Badell
There's a guy who has a worse inferiority complex
He thought everybody hated him, and he wanted to know why
They did?
Yeah
Oh, WQAM, hello
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay
It's been a great 31 years, I can't even believe it, you know, Greg and I, we were talking a couple days ago
And we knew this day was going to happen eventually again
And, uh, we're just happy that you're still in the air
We don't bother you as much anymore if you notice that
And, uh, Greg and I, Greg and I, and I know Greg from Fort St. Lucie, more chronic, so yeah, I could die
Just die, die, die, you know
Did you, uh, read the facts that he sent earlier?
No, I did not, you never sent it
You never sent it
No, I didn't, that was a joke
Well, that's good, good to see you two page facts, okay?
Thank you so much
Yeah, all of those chronics out there, guess what?
Whether it's an anniversary show, whether it's the day of my death, the day of my daughter's wedding
We're not interested, okay?
Get lost, okay?
I'm not interested in you, like, uh, peeing on my leg
I'm already telling it off
Take a hike
WQAM, hello
QAM
Hello, Neil
Yes, sir
I've been listening since March of 1986
Wow, I've learned a lot
Well, you learned a lot of stuff, phone technique, man
Got real phone problems around his end
Well, keep working on it, we've got problems too, man
That's where he probably learned it, QAM, hello
Good afternoon, sir, how are you?
Great
Congrats, and happy 31
Um, which, uh, it's a thrill to talk to you on this live, you said the day of your daughter's wedding
It's a great thing
Um, I heard you talking earlier about fraternities and colleges and the hazing and all that
Yeah, that's an old tape, yeah
Yeah, fraternities were and always will be for people who are too stupid to make friends on their own
And, uh, they get the slime of the earth and that's, uh, what they deserve
But, uh, I, I hope you're with us in the least another five years and five more after that
Okay, sounds good to me, sounds like a plan, man, as long as the chicks keep coming
Well, and may you, you know, my wish for you is someday you find management that deserves you, okay?
Yeah, good luck, okay, thanks, man
Good luck with that, bye bye
Yeah, he was making sense till he got to that point
Oh, brother, we got that lady in our management, her name is Miss Management, she's the best WQAM, hello
Uh, what they deserve?
QAM, yes, sir
How long are you?
Great
Happy 31
Thank you
I wanted to tell you one of my favorite moments you ever mentioned was Heather from New York
Oh, it was Heather
Yes, that was one of my favorite, Neil
Yeah
The people are from New York, they just think they're better than you just because they're from New York, they're gonna say, oh, we live in the city
They're supposed to know what city
Anyway, I wanted to wish you happen 31
On the proud owner of an original 1991 cassette with the bridge tender on it
Excellent
Excellent, excellent
And I wanted to tell you, I've been listening since the dating and mating show in 83 or so, however long that is
A wrap
Yeah, that's the city music, that was fun for a little bit and then of course the professional dating services got all upset
Because we were doing it for free for people
And you remember that and then we had those picnics and they started bringing a blind mic by and all these other people
And they're trying to pee in our parade, they did a good job of that
That was a great show, Neil
Anyway, if you can place some of that Heather from New York, that might be good
Okay, thanks, pal, okay, we'll screen it right now on here and see if we can we play this?
Oh, no, that's not, that's because we can't play that
No
Cool
The call though was on 4 1 1 2 minutes
Here's Heather from Fox News
Hi, Neil, how are you?
I'm okay, I think
Good, thanks for taking her call, we've been trying to reach you for the past couple days
Trying to reach me, you've called people I haven't been invented yet, you've called dead relatives of mine, what's the story, Heather?
We are working on a story about the CD you're promoting on your website that's called KISS, I won't say it, N word, good morning
Heather, are you listening to the show?
Yes, I am, I've been listening to it for a couple days
And just see what we are going to play up
Did you hear me go through the entire rationale of what that song had nothing to do with Kandaleza Rice?
Uh-huh
What about the song Kandaleza Kandaleza?
That has, that's obviously about Kandaleza
Uh-huh, and I just want to know why you're playing this on your show
Because we can
I want to know why, this is really interesting, what a play
Why are you calling me asking me why I should play this?
We make, we have song parodies about Bill Clinton, dozens of them, nobody ever complained about that
We have song parodies about Al Gore, dozens of them, nobody ever complained about those
Well, there's an African-American folks up in here in New York, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's start that all up again, okay?
Heather, you dumb bitch
What you're not even worried about, huh?
What you're not even worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
What you're not worried about, huh?
You George Ricken Sput and Phil Henry before he went
to Roshy Honest kept me going through my hideous,
bokeh-mimey commutes in my ponderous job,
countless amounts of last later I'm still here.
Also a hockey fan, so I enjoyed your takes on that
when you dared to give them.
Oh, yeah, like that trade turned out really good,
didn't allice all the stiff and the injured for the season
and Todd Bertuzzi off the Detroit,
then given a Roberto L'Awango,
an organization from a hell, the Panther organization,
it says, my little transist is plugged you every work day
from 10 to 2, too bad I don't have a book to fill out.
Yeah, we agree with that.
Keep up the good work,
down the torpedoes can you play Prison Bitch for us,
Fat Chance Rich is a, and we can't play that.
We would love to, Rick.
What do you, uh, what do you, uh,
George Ricken, you think I can go through the lyrics
and play it on the pitch?
I don't know if you can,
so best talents to this is Neil Rogers,
sports radio 560.
You A-M.
Now, what's up with your Gothamers book?
You make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it, you make it,
you make it.
You make it, you make it.
You make it, you make it, you make it.
And how did they make you make it?
They should have sent us a video.
But we do have a video,
I'm a little more, I'm a little more, my name is a lion
Rasta me, rasta you, rasta black, rasta you
Rasta you, rasta you, rasta you
I say hi and I, I feel well you're your boy
I'll come you don't wear jet-lots, I'm not that awesome, I like Jimmy Cliff
And I like that smokership, I like my super-brain
I am my evening type of guy, Rasta me, rasta you, rasta black, rasta you
Rasta you, rasta you, rasta you
I like gochetshoops, and I like the motorbike
Chicken soup with canada lank, that's what I like
I never taste it, cracky-strike and cringy
Blanky and give there's a fist, that's much more my speed
Rasta me, rasta you, rasta black, rasta you
Rasta you, rasta you, rasta you
I know it, I know it
You see, you can touch it up, it's dropping, oh, good
I'm dying over here
I'm dying over here, I know it
You see, you can play like it, oh, good job
Rasta you, rasta you, rasta black, rasta you
I know it, I know it, I know it
I know it, I know it, I know it
I know it, I know it, I know it
Look at this back here, a little bit behind the times
This just come in, Santana from Alapada, must be on a 45 hour delay
Since happy 31st, I'm a 33 year old Julio, been listening to you for about 13 years
Found you by radio accident, heard you say A-hole and say with my finger in the dial
On the dial in the dial, or in somewhere
He has his finger, I'm an elite dammit, he says, please play pascalzulari king on the plane
Oh, and you $3,000, I have no idea what that is
And or phone call a young gentleman saying it's not gay to run naked on the beach
With another fine young gentleman, which you played a little while
Don't retire, make a mind me appearance, oh yeah
Wow
And here's another one, why you and all of us, South Liberty, and celebrate 31 years of God
I will be celebrating one year anniversary of using body wash, says this fact, thanks to you, all my parts are clean and sheen
It's all about Jesus bones, baby, it says I have no idea what that means, what's Jesus bones
They found his bones in that tomb
Oh, I see, excuse me, and it says, sign the last white guy in North Miami
Well, and I just want other news notes, I don't want to get too newsy here
Because I want to get those zidgen calls on here, because I know it's going to get really hectic
Alright, 1319 on there, why I think we got 1360 licked is what we got, I think we're in a surpassing
Chris, is he paying any attention to you, Chris?
Oh, no, we had to open the doors, because I think the AC is off now
The AC is off?
I think that was the response to the fumes, it's just a shut off the AC
So it's coming to the AC or the zidgen, so the fumes kind of like linger in the air, so you can suffer again
No, of course, the intake is right upstairs where they got the vat
The vat, the vat of hot tar
The body of anticolysmics speaking of a fat vat will leave the biobotani medical examiners office
between 5 and 6 o'clock tomorrow morning, clearly a BSO for those who are paying attention
Want to get a whiff and a sniff
A BSO motorcade will take the body of the former playboy model south of the Dave County line
Elliott Cohen, a BSO spokesman said during a press conference
Outside of the medical examiners, orifice in Danyabeech
BSO provided no details on the motorcade route, but said
Dave police will take responsibility for the motorcade when it reaches their jurisdiction
It's unclear which airport the body will fly out and reach the burial site of bomb
Well, I'm saying that they sure drop this thing down to a site
They're following which air shorten, which plane is going to be on
And are there ashes dropped out of the plane?
Like the Iatola, remember he damn near follow the casket?
Yeah, many moons ago, the Iatola, the casket, and the electric door in his body
Damn near Fel, round the ground there
Round the old tar, Mac, I assume it said tar
WDQAM, hello
Neil, yes sir
Happy anniversary sir
Thank you so much
I'm in a faithful look there since the WSU end date
Wow
And that's probably still make me a newbie considering some of the people that's called in today
But I think one of my all time favorite calls that you had was that younger girl
Who's all been out of shape about the back street boy
Oh the Nick bitch
Yeah, I love the ride again
I got that, I think I have to believe something, I got it though
Okay, I was in the car about half an hour go listening to you
First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right pose than you will ever have
And he's not a pineapple, have you still big fat baguette?
Oh there's nothing to believe of one there, she just said you still big fat baguette, what is nothing wrong with that?
Nick Carter, you believe her, huh?
Okay, I was in the car about half an hour go listening to you
Yeah, good for you, I saw him first by the way honey
Now he's just, he's just queen is what he is, silly queen
From a tamponol, that's kind of a trailer trash queen, how about Aaron?
How's he doing? Nick and Aaron Carter that, that lasted a long time from what?
How many weeks one?
What that? Carter, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, they always showed up in the car
The Carter family?
They're word enough fat chicks like her to watch it
Is that what the problem was?
Yeah, she reminds me of those fat chicks that go down to the glass at the hockey games I've been talking about this for years
The real, real fat roton chicks got all their Panther paraphernalia, they got like two jackets sewn together you know?
And they go right down to the glass and they got their nose like, like, the tune you pig, you know, they got their nose slid up against the glass
Oh I want to get a sniff or me Whitney, yeah, yeah, yeah, sniff this honey
Wow, this burrow is man, all this burrow is all the time
Not as embarrassing as when the guys did that
Oh yeah, some of them were down there too
Yeah, when Ray Whitney was playing, I was down there, actually raised a good buddy of mine
How you doing Ray?
He's got his name on the stand, they come
It's more I can say for any of the Panthers or the current make believes
What do they really think?
1327 on the pool, on the survey, whatever they call it, and we're looking for 1360
I think we might actually get to 14, what do you say?
Okay, Chris would be just jumping for joy, if we got to 14, I don't know why
Would you? 1330?
Sure, on your AM dial
You got Mad Dog coming up at two o'clock and in the power hour, the Humber and the Mad Dog together, four to five
Humber solo, but five and then the Panthers and the Stars, any interest in that baby?
Oh, I don't think so
The biggest deal of some best talent
Panthers franchise, if whatever it was
4th radio, 560
Shoot him
You
You see, I got a call here, there's a number one rated to be the Mohalad and David and his own
At least according to my aspirations
Stay away from it, I don't even know how you have children
Bera Ma, hello
I want your take on J. Feeder
Oh, J. Feeder, is a great quarterback and a good Jew
I like J. Feeder
Well, not to mention, he's got an extraordinary smooth beatboxes
Oh yeah
David, you got to be careful with what you say here
Oh, get up, thank you more
No, no, wait a minute, don't go
But I have nothing else to say
How about this? I was the weather down there in the Meera Maude
I'm right down the street from you
I have to go
Oh wait, by the way, something
No, no, I have to go
Look, I tell you what, I'll hold you over to break, how's that?
I'll give you one of my old tantatials, how's that?
No, wait
That was the only color we had
The beans on your nose is low in again
You're going to die, die, die
You're going to die, die
You're going to die, die, die, die
You're going to die, die, die, die, die
Wow, you got something with you face
You're going to die, die, die, die
And around those posing pimples, you call my eye, my eye, my eye.
If you go look in the mirror, you'll be a rose-mask of gifts of empty.
You got your happy sun way to die, die, die, die,
My nose glows when something stays.
Almost every day I die.
And my veins as they start to tickle.
I annoy the door to door to door.
Yeah, I go like a flower in a bag.
And that's because I'm a crazy old bag.
Absolutely.
And when I go back to school, with my old days.
Yeah!
All of them sliding backwards
Da-da-da-da-da-da-das...
Da-da-da-da-da-das...!
We got to admit not every show in America you can tune into on every radio station in here
Rima what are you doing there? Rima we already have the red glasses. Yeah, Rima
He knew that you think of me when the colonels won the World Series is just a joke actually I did
Remember I said how's Dave the cop? I'm he's not calling it actually did not well. Thanks Dave the cop
That's for you. I'm gonna come in real long time. I was beginning to get worried. Yeah, I don't think so
I beg your pardon. I don't think you were no, I was not well
I just said that to make him feel good. Yeah, he's not a bad guy. No, he's not his little annoying. Therefore
He's a little bit chronic, but then we solved him and that's the problem whenever he's alright. He is okay
He's not a bad guy Paul Harvey Jr
By the way hasn't fact or called or email
Trying to get through right now. I don't think so. What do you never know? There's a bunch of lines flashing. I don't think so Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, everybody. It's you guys. It's one of us. Congratulations. I ready to go in up and we're taking over
Stuck out the new voice. Yeah, still got the new brain to you know where it is. Welcome. Wow
Let's do got a rich daddy. So he's a plane radio. He's the general manager of the ticket over there
Which they don't even own the station. You know, it's not even like a real radio station
It's like a lend lease to you. Yeah, WQ. I am hello
New from me. Hey, the man. Hey, uh, happy anniversary. I look at the one that sent you to fact about Larry King
Even a couple years ago Larry King called you on your anniversary and he was on a plane and you just played it. Oh
You played it. Oh, yeah, I'm not about a radio man. Oh
Forget it is then we could play it again. I know you can't see you. All right
Well, we need a little whatever he's doing I say that wow a lot of it. Yeah
We can use a little bit of something something something something come on
They did shut off the AC to keep the fumes from coming into the the floor
Yes, all the different rooms. So it's hotter than an oven, but we can breathe
Well, you can't have everything now see you're gonna be picking
I don't take it you want to have like air condition comfort and
No fumes in there. No toxic fumes that are putting you in the coma
I think you're getting a little bit unreasonable now. We'll take the heat
Don't you know where you it will take the heat and him too
And I you know what this is gonna be Q a.m. Line nine. Hello good afternoon Neil
Okay, so we had no idea. I've been a faithful listener with you since your
W.I.N. Z days. Yes, sir, and yet to be patient with me. I just got out of a hospital with a stroke
Unfortunately, I didn't take your advice and stay and lose weight over the years lose some weight man
Well, it's a little late now. Yeah, what I wanted to call to tell you Neil is I want to thank you over the years
I will stroke when I was in Nashville at one month did cast for my boss at W.I.N. W.I.S.
W.I.N. News I was doing eight to midnight and did cast for went to W.I.C. in Nashville
Which is a gigantic
50,000-wide powerhouse station which used to be like you know rhythm and blue station rocks and rock music after that
John R John Richburg used to be on W.I.C. and was on your
Smash out of his mind half the time, but anyway
So I decided to go along to I think Bill Calder went up there with his wife and I went up to Nashville to work on W.I.C
Well the idea of me being in Nashville in fact, I remember my landlady
I lived there for one month. I believe was that there are a month or two weeks. I forget it was it was October of 80
And the reason I know that is because we took a poll we had calls from 38 states
Do you know what a tremendous signal is 50,000-wide-clear channels have at night?
Yeah, I do
W.I.C. Nashville and it was just exciting just to say the callers because that was a great radio station once upon a time and
We took calls from 38 states and it showed conclusively the Reagan was gonna be Carter's ass is 1980
And my landlady said to me she says well, you know, there's two types of people
There's people from a Nashville and there's people like from the north
Meaning Jews is what she might like New York
Is Jews is what you know I was letting them Jews and so
I was on the gate fags. Oh, she had a she had her own stroke and she'd known that
But anyway, so I was on the year I think I worked there two weeks or three weeks everybody was bailing out
Bill Carter went back to I don't know New Orleans, I guess and got there a lot of there
I mean literally the Nashville I mean talk about a culture shock with a bunch of Yehuz you know just unbelievable
So the last night that I'm gonna work I'd moved out of my apartment and I'm staying in a motel across from the radio station
So I leave the station after my last show on W.I.C. and a cop
Comes over and he says you know he sees me walking on the radio station he says to me. Do you know I could find Neil Rogers?
Oh, yeah, that's exactly what crossed my mind of oh
There's the word lynching everywhere strike your mind. Yeah, we heard that before so anyway
I said yeah, I'm the O'Rodges
I guess I just took my life in my hands. I figured how bad could it be really bad?
I said hey, well, you know a lot of us on the force have listened to you since you've been on here here
We want to thank you it could be really bad
And he said hey, well, you know a lot of us on the force have listened to you since you've been on here
We want to thank you for opening up our minds because all we were ever exposed to growing up here in this part of the country
It was just bigotry and racism and stupidity and ignorance and you know anti-Semitism and you really opened up our minds
How do you like that? Well, that's great. That's very nice. Was that sweet? Yes, it is
And of course like a moron I could have just easily be hanging from me, you know motel sign the next day
But yeah, it was it was nice. It was very nice
But I opened up their minds and of course they've never been exposed to anybody who was like some just down down home races
Bigoted nasty a right-wing eluded tick. That's all they knew from
13.52 on the survey we're gonna have 13.60 and probably something else
It's we're gonna do between 13.16 and 14 and Chris is gonna write it on the wall in Crayola
And see and see if the Crayola melts magic marker. Yeah, see if the magic marker melts
How long you've been listening to the legendary neo-rodgers that this this these numbers just amazed the hell out of me
Don't they as just shocked at living crap out of you? No
12 yes, they do trumps of 20 years for under the one 20 to 30 years 20 to 30
129 that's what our man has been ought to get 20 at least 20 to 30 9 to 12 years 217 5 to 8 years
159 2 to 505 since day one 28 since March 1st
1976 when that guy called it said you'll never make it six months in this market Rogers. You know suck. He's dead
Since the beginning 28. I'm a new listener 13
That's 0.9 stuvas. That's the number you can relate to I hate this pool 0.8
Another number they like across the street. That's the dozen and one year sold tanto ota hoise
Sete oto oto see it's very confusing when you start mixing the espanioli and saillano and wait till I start putting a Chinese in
This is
Oh, right, so light, all the hard burn
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see
That free time it can't win
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, my TV
These President Thumbsh**t up
Republigate muscle in and in archangeled idiot
I don't know why they want this young but now he's the first person to beg for years
With President Thumbsh**t up here
Oh, what I give to God was once more and get to me all voted for
Why?
Yeah, you want this?
Don't, don't, don't, it's drumming stupidly
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, my mind is drunk and rich kid
Don't, don't, don't, he's even, number than me
He's President Thumbsh**t up
Yeah, don't care what it's all, you got him in by hooker and wrong with Christian
I know what's best, you and I have a home for fear
We've got a great leader
I'm going to rap with President Thumbsh**t up
Oh, we cast 1360 like it was Stan and still
The ghost of you, Polakassentine and Frank Katzentine, all those other people
All is going, 1364 on our survey today
Toilet to Chris, we can make 1360 easy
Catch the cat
You know, actually we had billboard, we had that billboard but bus sign advertising
Yeah
And had the picture of a cat, you know like a pink pan to kind of think I saw that
Old grass-the-cat, yeah
With the big eye, you know, and catch the cat 1360, a talk radio, whatever
And we had Lynn Russell and Jim, what was it all in the morning?
He's like, you know, Jim Altman had a road named after him and Bill Caltor had a racetrack named after him
See how it works, all these famous people
And then we had the Craig Worthing, a 10-2 eventually and then Me 2-6 eventually
And then at night time we had what we had
Sonny Hersh with a sport 6-7, see an hour back then was enough of a sport I guess
And Chris Myers was on there with Sonny Hersh, he had a 6-7 maybe 6-8
And then eight to midnight was a surely sped up or something, all day nights with Erv Schindler
He used to keep hyping all those trips to China
Happy anniversary, you old kooht somebody says very nicely choreographed
They're in a nice artwork, but not signed
Not signed, it's very nice, but not signed
1371 on the pool
And look at that, it says the social producer is not well, okay
That thing keeps having a relapse because it's so used to not working that it just can't stand the dots
It looks like it's not, what's that?
QAM, hello?
Neil!
Yeah!
I'm in Project Rajas!
W.D.Q.A.M. Hello
QAM
Hey Neil
Yes
How are you doing now?
Okay
Happy anniversary, buddy
Thank you, Pally
I'm listening to you for about 18, whenever I heard you I'm 36 now so it's been
18 years minus a long time, it's a dog's age
Hey, you know what I want you to play for me before you go, man
What's that?
It's called Spauzu or Raozu, I haven't heard any like a long time
Oh, we can play that?
Yeah, that's pretty cool, please
Hello
Miss Peterson
Hi, this is Bob Williams, director of Soyuz Bob's Boss
Oh, hi, how are you?
How are you today?
Are you sitting down?
Yes
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you
What do you mean, bad news?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now
Bob's okay, isn't he?
Oh, Bob's fine
Oh
A little upset but fine
He's been a good work of forest, he's made all his quotas, his bonuses of ore he's been in line
But we're gonna have to let him go
Good in the mean
We're gonna have to fire him
And unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing
So he's not very fair
You've been very loyal to you
Yes he has
That's like a slap in the face
I can imagine you're failing that way absolutely
But
Feeling that way, you don't understand we just had a baby
Yes, I understand
We have filled up the Yin Yang
Understood
It's a very hard time to do this kind of a thing
I fully agree with you but there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook
It's an image problem
And a problem that you might want to address yourself
I don't know quite how to tell you though
Why are you firing him?
What's the specific reason? What could he do?
It's a little delicate
Unfortunately we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary
Oh that's not a bit
Well I can understand you being upset at this point but
That is not the word that stupid rotten son of a bitch I can't believe this
Well he's gonna need your support through it
But the crap must be the crap
Right now he's on his way home to you and he can...
On his way home to me
He's got another thing coming when he gets home
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm throwing his s**t aside on the front door and he can just have it all
I'm not even gonna be here when he gets back
That's the son of a bitch
And now, now, I don't feel so bad about s**t his brother
Good bleeps in that too that's what I love about that
Always good to have a real good s**t
Good solid one
Make sure that you guys don't get all m-m-m-m-m-m-m
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm gonna change the locks on the door
door door door door
Too bad he didn't get to call into the wish me happy 31
I'm pretty old age
That's no-one like to believe this couldn't get you
Let me go rest
440-560
1406
We done
At 560
What I tell you Chris, mark it on your wrist
Put the ice behind your forehand
I'm better than your rear
I'm better than your rear
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than your
I'm better than yours
I'm better than yours
I'm better than yours
I'm easier than yours
I'm better than yours
I'm easier than yours
I'm easier than yours
I'm better than yours
I'm both reaching
Where the dress by religion is better than yours
By religion is better than religion
By religion is better than the rules
We have no respect for living driver's cab to make a living by religion better than the rules
My religion is better than Jordan, religion only
My religion is better than Jordan
Too far out for us, who can go
If we slaughter cats and dogs and goats
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
True
We will be the central church
Never have a paper tail, my religion is better than yours
Huh?
My religion is better than yours
My religion is better than yours
We not endorse the father you like full of brush this UI view of Friday Legends better than your way
Don't don't don't worry
Friday Legends better than your religion
My religions better than your orders
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get some very lots of wives my religions better than yours
My religions better than your religion
My religions better than your lap
We don't want to use our brains for mindless living, comfort rate
My religions better than yours
