New...
Yeah!
Oh my god!
Highly set, sir, and watered down.
The worst punishment all of that is mine!
The worst punishment is the worst punishment I've said!
The worst punishment is both me and the gun's kids from dead!
The right way nuts won't you throw sectors from ourselves?
You're gonna watch what you say you better or else!
You're the same, you're the same!
The worst punishment is all monetary, every mortgage!
I'm a bottom girl, I'll stay and fight you!
Why do they say this?
Come on, please, please!
I hear my order, you'll get dismissed!
I hear my order, you'll get dismissed!
I'm using any mortgage, language, by the power of the enemy!
And our lord, God pushed the federal education division!
And my problem's being a cycle, I'll fight you!
The worst punishment is all monetary, every mortgage!
The worst punishment is both me and the gun's kids from dead!
The worst punishment is both me and the gun's kids from dead!
10 out of 2 at 5.60 every QM, happy your Wednesday to it!
No more woodland Wednesday, no moss baby!
Ah, ah, not even the penny machines, the nickel machines, the two penny ones!
Not a teddy!
No moss, and you're giving me this crap this day, oh you'll be back, you'll be, no I won't!
Well maybe you'll find something else.
What do you mean by that?
Well, what do you mean by that?
I'll find something else, like another hobby, like a diversion!
Like a stand-to-like thing?
Like a perversion!
Like bird watching!
Sure!
Like a bird watching?
Yeah, yeah, all depends on what kind of birds they are.
And what nest they're in?
Right!
And anyway, let's get serious now, okay, what's that kind of do with Ethan Skolnick?
Evan Cohen, who's not related to Ethan Skolnick except me, we buy a distant Judaism,
Ethan Cohen is to this afternoon, because the man of dogs off the rest of the week.
Well, what a schedule, he's got a must-be really work like that, to almost never work.
And my deal on that starts pretty soon as a matter of fact.
That's why I'm here today.
Yeah, what's today today?
May, may, uh...
About 30 men!
So, Friday is June, uh, eluunadehunio.
Why do I keep doing the numbers in Espanol?
That's really embarrassing.
What is that?
It's beginning glaze, beginning glaze, okay, come on, cut the crap.
No, pick it up, Bonnie.
Get those numbers out.
No, eluunadehunio is on Friday, via Nace.
No, via Nace is Tuesday.
No, sorry.
No, you're right.
Just let me go through it, okay, martes, mericales, clevis, via Nace.
Yeah.
Soburo and domingo.
Is that what I do, right?
Yes, you did.
Okay, well, what a linguistic expert, man.
Anyway, Friday is June 1st, so, you know, well, couple weeks ago,
and just after that vacation time, even less than two weeks.
In fact, Georgia's on vacation next week,
and Josh Cordis is going to kindly join us.
Yes, he will.
Or unkindly.
He has a friend of mine.
Or on the side of the day.
Probably be bitching about.
What was he bitching about the other day when he was in there?
Chris, something.
Yeah, I don't remember.
I don't forget what it was, so much.
You know, and we...
Oh, and that's right.
He was all bent out of shape because he was afraid we wouldn't have any
Marlon early games, but kind of like I looked at the schedule.
And the good news is, next Wednesday, a 1230 departure for us.
I believe.
Let's see.
Let me make sure.
One moment, please.
Where is it?
Here it is.
Here's your Marlon schedule.
By the way, nobody cares about the Marlins.
In this station loses their ass on those games.
Another great business deal by the beastlies.
You know, the rest of us have to suffer from it?
Because of the Marlins.
No promotion.
We got no money for promotion because we lose our ass on the Marlins.
Well, you know what?
We didn't make the deal, okay?
And we sure as hell didn't decide to put those games on the middle of the day.
Time when people are awake.
Anyway, 1230 will be the pregame show or 1235.
Next Wednesday, June, L. C. Steyhunio.
Wednesday.
Against the brave snow less.
Aunt Atlanta.
Mm.
But a horrible place to be.
Okay, so that's the deal.
Josh Curtis will be in next week for George and in the following week like toward the ass end of the week.
I go on vacation.
And when I come back, it's summer schedule.
I only have one thing to say about that.
Oh, right.
George, worst Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
And I work only.
Martace and Viernes.
No.
No.
Martace and Vemes.
See.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
Oh, that's right.
Joe, both of that I worked on Friday.
But no, yeah, that's, that's Joe for, you know, when you have that much fat, it chokes off the circulation of your brain.
See, at least some people have an excuse, you know, when you're that fat and the fat is like all the way up to your neck to your collarbone.
It's like, touch off the circulation of your head.
That was fun.
Sometimes you can't read the numbers right when they come up.
Speaking of numbers, wait till you hear this.
Whoever facts this in, thank you so much.
Records obtained from the Immigration Courts under the Freedom of Information Act show that only 0.0015% that's 15,000s, a 1% of the total number of cases filed by the US Department of Homeland Security or terrorism related.
Of course, despite the fact that the Bush administration continues asserting that it's the primary focus of the DHS, they're doing a heck of a job.
It reported that some of that by independent research group, the Trans-Action Records Action Theory House, track, found that in the last three years, there have been only 12 charges of terrorism out of 814,000 plus cases.
Oh, that number, that 0.00, it's kind of like our number, 11 o'clock at night, and all the nighttime numbers for the Panther.
There's another good business to you.
We love the Panthers, nobody cares, you know.
Tonight's the ducks are going to take a two-nothing lead on the other one in the series, and if spokesman's going to share well, they're doing some dirty air stuff out there, dirty stuff.
It's just a cry, maybe. No more BM.
Anyway, this once again highlights the terrorist threat to America's vastly overhyped and is being used by a criminally controlled government as an excuse to police the world and foe that a domestic police state to crush any dissent amongst the American people.
This is on Steve Watson, office on info wars.net.
The DHS claims it's focused on terrorism, well, that's not true, said David Burner-May, track spokesman told CNN, either the original terrorism or their terrible catching him either way is bad for all of us.
Either way you look at it, it's bad for us. It's kind of like Joyce. No matter how you look at that bitch, she's bad for us.
And speaking of Joyce, guess what I decided to play a little bit of this morning?
No more. Oh, just to make sure.
Okay.
Well, we were discussing again before the show this morning with us. We go through our DCS computer here and try to find entertaining stuff to play to entertain the audience out there.
Every day, every minute of every day, there's less and less and less. You know what we're all here.
When that music starts, when we start hitting the jingles and the music on here, don't ask why, jolly, do a bill.
I'll take the money, okay?
My contract doesn't say nothing about doing a talk show. It says the near Roger show. That's all it says.
And you want to know why? Because I'm...
Bill, come on!
Legendary.
DHS spokesman Russ Nackie called the track report Il Conceivan said the group liked the grants from the DHS Misson.
He said that by clamping down on all forms of immigration, DHS has made it difficult for terrorists to come to the US.
And Lou Dobbs is smiling about it.
He's a crazy person, by the way, Lou Dobbs. I hate to break the news to you. We used to rely on him for about four minutes.
Sure.
He's always hated him like poison. He always started to say a couple of things that made sense and ripped bush in ass.
And then he got back on his immigration thing.
Let's kill all these illegal aliens after all.
He's not a crazy person. Why?
I agree. It sounds good.
What? Poor gas on them set them on fire.
Okay.
Nackie's comments are clearly absurd as there are still millions of illegal immigrants pouring into the country of here and the borders remain wide open.
The very reason why there's currently a heated debate over total immigration reform.
Yeah, let's have amnesty. We won't call it amnesty.
And then of course, once the word gets down the bonsai pipeline that there's amnesty, then you think we got millions poured across now, man.
It's going to be unbelievable.
There's going to be resilience pouring across that border.
Because, you know, they need that cheap labor down there. Well, these are jobs that no one else will do. Whatever.
I love this story about man arrested and cuffed after using $2 bills.
Some people fact in some really nifty stuff this morning already. Keep the facts as common boys and girls.
Because what we got four hours, I don't know. What do you think about that music thing?
What do you mean? What do I think about it? You know, I don't like that.
What you play music when you're on which I think is cheating.
Sure.
On those holiday shows.
I took holidays.
How the holidays you can do whatever you want in fact, not this Friday?
I pounded on the phone.
I pump those lines. I beg for calls.
I'm a JLW.
Yes, do they? Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Yes, do they?
Songway.
Over the rainbow Juni Garland Room.
beach near the beach near the beach near the beach near the beach near the beach near Tihaasal.
orrheaenboko beach.
Something that is a very prực that causes this object變an.
She must have been psychic at times and decide that she knows the question.
Itода time is not.
She must have known that the rainbow flag was going to be left out.
Tihaas outlines the question.
I knew there had to be some reason.
What would be the other reason?
What? For Judy Garland?
For gay people to be obsessed with Judy Garland.
Broadway plays Broadway's musical.
What would that be? That's it. Broadway? Yes.
I see. Okay, let's take a look at that schedule today and see what we got.
I already gave it a skill. No, I started doing that and interrupted.
That was not a good idea. Evan Cohen, 2-4 for the mad dog.
I got sidetracked when I saw that Mr. Mandech is not working anymore this week.
Shame on you, mad dog.
Put your nose to the grindstone and get with it.
Join the rest of us working for another week or two and then we'll all screw off all summer long.
Right, Jolly Joe? Oh, it'll be great.
Then we got the power hour with Hank and I do believe...
Who's on with him? Is it Baradino or Dave Hyde? One of those losers.
Another one who's stupid as sports writers.
During the power hour. Just... We finally had a little bit of a number in there for it to 5-4 now.
Clarence is making sure that we get that number down to a 1 or a 2.
But put these horrible boring sports writers on there with the thumper.
Hank Solo between a 5 and 7.
Dolphins all access between 7 and 7-30.
Only half hour that crack.
Then you got the Marlon pregame at 7-30. Marlon's at the Cubs at 805.
Any K with Game Night following the Marlon game, what a chore.
The title of the fact in the church.
Two canna vets.
Our home and the the prayer.
High falls and sea.
Will not you earn your hand.
With the shotguns, multiply our size.
We reclaim your physical scene.
If you leave it.
lean to you.
The ground yard毛 wrapped,
all blue feminine.
Motherfucker screaming.
Clear instead of threaming.
Can you visit the hinders town?
to me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
So who's car with them? Can I do the pull or what? Who's car with them driving? Would you least want to be a passenger in? Let me click that thing in, it might be 790, but who the hell knows? Oh, 790, that would be bad because if I said 790, there would be like a Freudian suggestion and they turn over to that of Maxus New Yorker and hear him talk a lot of crap. 788 Rich Sanchez, that was my vote and look at that once again, I'm got my thumb right on it. Not only because he's a bad driver and dangerous and killed like I'm from the state, because it would be really bad company.
Rich Sanchez, 219, Ted Kennedy, 150, but they sure won't let poor Teddy off the hook, will they even for all time's sake. Can't do it Teddy. Well, as he low-hand 104, he's got some issues. And you know what? Who gives a crap when you come right down? What is that? You said it. I said, stay and I'm with the player. What is it? Part of our new format over here, new music for you.
Bad company. Oh, so low man. It's not a company. It's a start-slude over somewhere. I don't know the line. I was on the runnison. The music was on Pluto. Lindsey low-hand 104 is a respectable third. Bobby Brown 92, Paris Hilton 85. A lot of bad drivers out there in Hollywood. Mel Gibson 52, you Jew Bastard. Billy Joel 33, Brittany Spears 19. I got a Brittany story, but it's way, way down at the bottom of my pile. I'm going to tell you, when I have to start talking
about Brittany again, that'll be time to hang this microphone up. I'll polish it off and hang it up in the corner and say, bye-bye. I think that's what I'll do the day when I finally decided, okay, I've had enough and I can't take no more of Fattas, Jolly Joe. I'll just come on one day and say, bye-bye. Like, John McLaughlin there on that awful show. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. And you'll just sit there. And you'll crack out the music, you know. That's right. And then you'll crack out those little areas under the Pope tapes. You'll see. I know.
Well, Billy Joel 33, what's his issue? I forget, did he have a thing? I guess, I don't know. I think he had a thing, but I think it fell off. Brittany Spears 19, Nicole Richie 17, and David Hasselhoff 17, you talentless piece of third. They like him in Germany, though, because they like his name. Seven, look at that. The big chunk just came in here. We have seven ideas. What's going on here? Lately, huh? You think the audience is coming back now that we got rid of those stupid phone calls, 801? Boy, this is, this is, I think Chris has got the fix in on this.
At the rate we're going out, we might have like a million votes by the end of the day. What do you think? No. If everybody votes a gazillion times, 801, that's pretty powerful. It's only 1022, damn it. And we're getting back to the sky with the $2 bills. And again, thanks for the facts this time. Robert. Robert. Robert. Email those. Not Robert Greeper. No, no. The Greeper, the Lord of the Bored. No, Palestinian killing, right? A whole of the ass. A man tried to faint. You know, I like that expression. The whole of the
ass. Yeah, all of it. Now, is that an adjective or is that like a, yeah, it's the entire place? A man tried to pay a fee. A man tried to pay a fee. Well, you know, something that's, that's, uh, you got to have that. Otherwise, you're going to get all bound up. You know, your bound to a man tried to pay a fee using $2 bills. Was arrested handcuffed and taken a jail after a clerksuit of best buys. So, by the way, you know, about Joyce, she bulls is what I'm here.
That's what parents was telling everybody singing the hallway. Should go like that. It was just embarrassing. And then of course they told us we can't play it. He can sing it. We can't play it because corporate is, but I beat, but I'm put by him. Anyway, this guy was handcuffed, taken a jail after clerksuit of best buys.
Do a question to current. He's legitimacy and call the police are these people stupid or what? Yes. According to an account of the Baltimore son 50 70 year old Mike,
Bolesta were shocked to find himself taken the Baltimore County lock up in Kakai'sville, Maryland. That's, that's the name of the place. Okay. That's the name of the joint.
Kakai'sville. Yeah, where was handcuffed for three hours while the US Secret Service was called into waiting on the case. They call the Secret Service because the guy was shopping with $2 bills.
Bolesta told the son I'm six feet five inches tall and I felt like eight inches high to be handcuffed. I have all those people looking on to be cuffed to a pool.
And to know he haven't done anything wrong and me with a brother Joe who's spent 33 years on the city police force. It was humiliating.
After best by personnel reportedly told Bolesta he would not be charged for the installation of a stereo in his son's car.
He received a call from the store saying it when fact was charging him a fee. As the means of protest, Bolesta decided to pay the $114 tab using 57 crisp new two dollar bills. I'll take them.
As owner of the capital city student tears, the Baltimore residents got a hearty supply of the uncommon currency often gives the bills to students who take his tours for meal money.
He's owner of the capital city student tours. I don't know what that has to do with $2 bills, but whatever, whatever. Maybe they cost $2 out of the kids. Don't see that many $2 bills. So they think this is the greatest thing in the world.
Bolesta said they don't want to spend them. They want to save them. I've been doing this since I started the company since I'm thick and I'll stage my little comic protest. I'll pay the $114 with $2 bills.
Bolesta explained what happened when he presented the bills to the cashier at Best Buy in February 20th. She looked at the $2 bills the cashier didn't told me. I don't have to take these if I don't want to.
I said if you don't, I'm leaving. I tried to pay my bill twice. You don't want these bills. So she took the money, like she's doing me some kind of an effing favor.
Bolesta says the cashier marked each bill with a pen. Other store employees began to gather a few of them asking, are these real? They were talking about the bills. I see.
Of course they are. Bolesta said they're legal tender. Oh, they're legal and they're tender.
According to the Sun report, the police arrest report note that one employee noticed some smearing of ink on the bills. That's when the cops were caught.
Some smearing of ink. One office of reporting must have bills ran in sequential order. Oh, that proves it to me.
Yeah.
Said, Bolesta, I told them I'm a tour operator. I've got thousands of these bills. I get them from my bank.
You got a problem called a bank. I'm sitting there in a chair. The store is full of people watching this.
All of a sudden, he's standing me up and handcuffing me behind my back, telling me we'd have to do this till we get it straight and new.
Meanwhile, everyone's looking at me. I've lived here 18 years. I'm hoping my kids don't walk in and see this.
And I'm saying, I can't believe you're doing this. I'm paying with legal American money. You idiot. You...
You're fairing.
Bolesta was taken to the locker for he said handcuffed to a pool and in leg irons while the secret service was called.
And at this point, he says, I'm a mass murderer.
Secret service agent Lee Turner eventually robbed a trade of the bills of legitimate adding a quarterly police report.
Sometimes ink on money can smear. And there's more to this, but we didn't get it.
It says commenting on the incident. Baa, baa. And that was the end of it. It just chopped off there.
Whoever thanks this in, thank you very much for your good job. Baa.
Baa. Baa. Baa. Baa. Baa. Baa. Bui.
So that takes here that's the art can say, Baa. Bui. Then we don't need to have any calls so that one of
the Howard's sucklings can call it. Baa. Baa. Bui. Baa. Bui.
Very clever and very amusing. Not.
So how do you like that? Here's a guy trying to do the right thing. Pay the bill.
And he's got two dollar bills and he's got to be punished for it. Yeah.
It's a brave new world. Some kind of a murder or some kind of a freaking terrorist like my lesbian
needs a cab driver. Freaky up low.
1031 and 560 WQM. We got 825 vote already. Ricky Tiki Sanchez is killing a man.
Wouldn't be the first time. You know that guy that he hidden from the state.
He never had a vegetative state for a long time.
Florida. Well, though I can't difference what state he's in after he's dead.
And been dead for a long time. That's back when Ricky Tiki Sanchez was
imbibing a little bit. I just went home to have a little of Drinky Poo and came back.
And now he's on CNN peddling a lot of crap. Well, I've said that's America for you.
The swirled that they passed off his news. No wonder nobody watches the news. Nobody reads a freaking
newspaper. It's depressing. Who wants to be depressed? Stick with us and we'll talk about Joyce
and the fact that she blew it. She blew it. We'll do that. In fact, I think we'll play that the
whole show today. Good. I mean, we can't, you know, we can't play much of it, but we can just play
that little bit over and over again. Let's do it. Let's do it.
See, Trump and Theran, you start again. I can't, we can make a loop on that. What do you think?
You can do about that. I mean, yeah, the code. Yeah, right. What do you ask?
What do you mean? It doesn't say she blows all the way nose. It doesn't matter what it says or what it
says. When did that legislation come down? If she's aware of it, the answer is no. Oh, that's
right. If she knows about it, that's the rule. Okay. That's an OCC rule. If Joyce don't like it,
you ain't playing it. You ain't saying it. You ain't doing it. That's the deal. And you know what
she doesn't like? Anything. Right. Anything that we might say or do. That's correct. Bitch.
Well, we can still do that so far. We haven't had a phone call from fat ass Jolly Jolly yet. So you
can't call Joyce a bitch. Corporate subset. But you know, a corporate blows. Okay. Just like she does.
Corporates a bunch of idiots. All these horrendous business deals. I'm so sick and tired hearing
him whine about oh, they lost all the money on that marlins. They lost all the money on that. Well,
too bad. Put for real on the air and put sterron right afterward to see if they can totally lose
the license and give it a hell of a shot by the way. With her approval, no less over there. The
brilliant that canceeery that she is. Bitch. Idiot. Lightweight. 833 votes on the pool. Who's
car within driving? Would you least want to be a passenger in? Uh oh, WFOR show and two
are men robbed. Brings truck in Miami. There's another wargreens. Check. Good news is no shots
were fired. No one was injured. The robbers were able to run out of the store and remain on the
loose. It was an accident. There may be some surveillance video of this. According to me,
well, they may be. He sounds to be about what a whiny bitch he is. A lot of bitches out there.
Rick San says he's a bitch. 231 votes he's got. He's killing a competition.
Ted Kennedy 156. The ghost of Chapacquittacan, Mary Jo Keprekney just will not go away, huh? Poor Ted.
He was just not having himself a wild time. Sure. It's the Kennedy way of life, man.
Lindsay Lohan 113. She's vile. Bobby Brown 99. I don't think they come any viler than Bobby Brown.
Paraselton 88. Oh, and now where is that? Which purple they're showing on there? Isn't that the dead
Pope? Yeah. Parents of missing British girlized for prayers from the Pope. But they're showing
foul footage of the old dead Pope, the Slav on the slab. That big fat Tubby, see if the Pope is
infallible and matters of faith in your Audiotic, he's supposed to be a pretty, you know,
level-headed guy. He's supposed to know his craft. How can you have a fat Pope, you know?
Right? They're having a fat talk show host.
Lindsay Lohan 113. Bobby Brown 99. Paraselton 88. Mel Gibson 56. Hey Mel, happy Chihuahua's.
You schmuck. Billy Joel 35. Britney Spears 19. David Hasselop 19.
Bushland, Uberolus David. And Nicole Richie 17.
It's really ironic how I love Germany so much. But then again, you know why I like it so much.
Yes, I do. Well, you know, one of the reasons why I like it, that's just because there's so many
pretty people there. I mean, that of course is part of it. Well, you have to go someplace where all
the people are absolutely, you know, like South Florida. It's okay that you like German sausage.
They have a lot of good things I understand.
Hot brats.
Mm-hmm.
839 is what we got. I'm telling you, there's no stuff on this. Now, I think Chris has got some kind of a
scan goal with this thing. Yeah, that's exactly what 840. There is another one. See that? Every time I hit
that baby, it's just coming in and big juicy chunks. Speaking of a bratwurst.
No, there's something about the country in Germany too. It's just it's a fabulous place. You don't
know because you ain't been there anywhere. Right. Maybe Josh Cortis will send you there. Maybe.
Since he's a sniff at around, he wants to go to Amsterdam and he wants to do this and he wants to say,
yeah, good, go ahead on your dime, baby. It's all yours. And if your dog gets sick again, guess what?
Zisco will take care of it. That's a Z-man. Let him. He loves, yeah, I mean, I love dogs, but I can't
take care of everybody's dog that needs an operation. Can I? Although he had some of that money coming.
Not necessarily at that time, but you know, you know, you know, me, I just, I got a big heart.
Yes, you do.
And Al, the new guy, he's a new, my space friend. I know we have 14. I don't know what we got.
I wrote it down somewhere. 1417. That's pretty impressive. When we get to 2000, I'm going to kill myself.
But anyway, oh, you watch him come in now over the weekend. But anyway, so he writes me this one in
the first message. You're not nearing the end and your mother lived in the 80s and so were you,
well, when did I say I was nearing the end, Al? Don't be a Yento, okay? First of all, my mother lived
in 91 and my father lived in 90. So if it, if that's all it takes is just checking the genes thing.
I mean, you know, that's, that's below me. I mean, that would be nice. I'd like to, I'd like to be
on the year to 91. In fact, I'd like to make the last 25 or 26 years of it on some other station
just ripped, well, I already am ripping them in ass that they deserve. I'm talking about real rip,
really ripping and tearing and shredding and letting the truth come out of baby of the incompetence,
the ineptitude, the stupidity, the ignorance, the blind, blind foolishness and, and all of these,
all of these things. That will be on another station, you know, W-O-F-F.
Maureen Dow says, how are animalistic in good ways and bad? Well, you know what they say, birds do
it and bees do it and some people on their knees do it. Maureen says the odd thing is that
conservatives wear pinstriped suits. They love the ancient so much that they should really be
walking around in togas. The main contribution of the Greeks to modern American politics may have been
Michael Newcoccus who once claimed the Acropolis in wingtips. But that doesn't stop conservatives,
especially the Straussians who pushed her going into Iraq from being obsessed with ancient Greece
and from believing that they are the successors could play dough in homework in terms of
lofty ideals and ability and character in American politics while Democrats merely muck about
with policies for the needy. Harvey Mansfield, a leading Straussian who taught political
science at Harvard and who wrote a book called Mainlinus, he's for it, gave the Jefferson lecture
recently at the National Endowment for the Humanities in Washington. It was an old as his book is
to Thumos, the Greek word that means spiritiveness with flavors of ambition, pride and brute
willfulness. Thumos, as Philip Kinnikot wrote in the Washington Post, is a word reinvented by
conservative academics who need to put a fancy name on a political philosophy that boils down to
boys will be boys. In his prepared remarks, Mr. Mansfield didn't mention the war, which is a
downer at conclave of Neocons and Thumos worshipers, but he explained that Thumos is the
birthplace of an animal in the face of a threat or possible threat. In Thumos, he said,
we see the animality of man, four men, and especially males often behave like dogs barking, snakes,
hissing, birds flapping, hissing and kissing, and something rhymes with that. But precisely here,
we also see the humanity of the animal, human animal, because it's reacting for a reason,
even for a principle, it causes only human beings to get angry. Never saw an angry dog. I see.
If we're first to use an example, naturally, from ancient Greece to explain why politics should
be about revolution rather than equilibrium. What did Achilles do when his ruler Agamemnon stole
his slave girl? He raised the stakes. It asserted that the trouble was not in the law so alone,
but in fact that the wrong sort of man was ruling the Greeks. Heroes released hemen like Achilles
should be in charge rather than lesser beings like Agamemnon, whatever his name was, who have
mainly their lineage to recommend them, and who therefore don't give hemen the honors they deserve.
What about shemen? Achilles elevated a civil complaint concern. I heard a lot of the Greeks were
Achilles elevated a civil complaint concerning a private wrong to a demand for a change of regime,
a revolution in politics, Mr. Mansfield concluded the complaint of an injustice is an implicit claim to
rule. The most recent example of the Hellenization of the Bush administration is the President's
choice for war's are, Armand Lutendin General Douglas Lut, who says he loves the Greek military
historian Thucydides. Well, I'm doing good with these names so far today. Well, they're Greek.
Yeah, that's true. Other Thucydides, Ephesians, I was included, Victor Davis Hanson was the
war guru to Dick Cheney when the vice president went to the bunker after 9-11 and got into his
gloomy Hobzean phase. Hobze's biggest influence was also Thucydides. Donald Kagan respected the
Hellhistor and was written authoritatively on the Peloponnesian Wars, the father of Robert Kagan,
a Neocon who puts for the Iraq invasion and Frederick Kagan, a military historian who urged the
surge. I call Professor Kagan to ask him if Thucydides, the master of chronicling hubris and
imperial overreaching, might provide the new wars are with any wisdom that can help America
so through the morassia of Iraq. Very much his son's father, the classist,
and said he was disgusted that the White House, after a fiasco vernacular painting designed by
Rumi, is still doing one dumb thing after another by appointing General Lut, a chief skeptic of the
surge. Professor Kagan said in one reason the Athenians ended up losing the war was because in
the Battle of Matinia and 418 BC against the Spartans, they said a very inferior force and had a
general a command who was associated with the faction that was against the aggressive policy
against the Spartans from Michigan State. Kindly President Bush appointing the scythe
one the war whose strategy is opposed to the surge he said, Drowey, with gold realism,
Thucydides captured the Athenian philosophy in the 2070s, where they led its downfall as a gold
in democracy. The strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must. What message can we
take away from Thucydides from modern times? To me, Professor Kagan said the deepest message,
the most tragic, is his picture of civilization is a very thin veneer. When you punch a hole in it,
what you find underneath is hollow, the pre-civilized characteristics of the human race,
animalistic in the worst possible way. Compared to a raq the Peloponnesian war was a
cakewalk, says marine, the queen. Well she tried to screw me up today boy, with every big
Greek damn movement and I got through them all. Nice goal man, nice going. Still got it,
we don't know what it is, but you still got it and I'm trying to get rid of it. 861 and a
poor boy Chris is just now how about Charha today, do you get a little taken care of?
We got a little taken care of. Not much though huh? Just fine.
It's here when I tell me the Grupper fingers crap again, I'm going to like
I've never said Grupper fingers. Have you said chicken fingers? Chicken fingers. Right. Grupper
fingers was from Howe's for a while there. No I see. How about Grupper fingers? That's
called. You're fairies. I see. Those blue light-bulbin over me seems my blood I've got
all. Contents. Was not where it was supposed to be. No I could dead wall. I stayed alive.
Impossible that was for me. My breath stinks so bad. We so bad. We so bad.
I got a quick drive and smashed it in my car. We've heard it smashed it in my car. We've heard it smashed it in my car.
My breath is smashed in my car. And it essentially I come. It's a good time to stop. Stop
riding smashed in my car. You'll put him on there too Nick Carter. What do you say? Everybody's
forgotten about him but nevertheless some people probably would like to be in the car when they're
driving whether he's driving. In fact maybe hopefully a little bit tipsy. Like the voicemail check
wasn't that about Nick Carter? Or do I was going to play? Farth sounds anymore. You'll have to stop.
But now you threw me off. That's under a two-foot. Okay I was in the car that half an hour go listening to you.
First of all Nick Carter has more talent than his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a
pineapple head. You're a stupid fat bag. Oh Farth sounds. See I can walk in shoe-dum with the same
time. I can get that in there. Actually Nick is a little chubby himself. Maybe he's a kind of a
not fat but chubby bag. Nick Carter. What do we got in there? I mean you've got to be deafed
and blind not to pick that up. I mean give me yeah I wouldn't pick it up. Not at this stage.
Well not at this stage of things is probably well used. 883 votes on it. Pull and Nick Carter just
went on there and already he's got no votes. You think this crowd gives a crap about Nick Carter
and the backstreet boys huh? No. Nick Lachet they my Kiribati. I know. I sure is he'll do. What?
They don't? And Jessica Simpson? Yes. She's always a difference there. Like you're just talking
about from your own perspective. I got news for you. He's got more talent in his middle finger
than she's gotten her ass. That's funny. That's why he can't get a job and she can't not.
He can't get hired. Anyway. He can't get hired. He can't get hired anywhere.
That was part of the problem about why the marriage fell apart. He was jealous. He was having all
these offers and concerts and doing movies and he couldn't get hired. He was the dogs and the
Oh man. Not that you're pretty good at standing back. Right. Let me say again. He's great. He can
he could sing in my group any day of the way. I don't have it all back. He could be in my group
group any day. Doesn't even have to carry a tune. Does he? He can carry something. I know.
America, they're not so beautiful. I guess who wrote this? Doug Thompson, man. He has really
good on Capitol Hill Blue. He's I don't know if he's the best but he's sure right in there. I love him.
He gets pissed off and fired up, man. We need to have him come to QAM. He'd straighten some ass out.
Let me tell you right now. He takes some of these bastards even at Fat Ass Jolly Joe and he'd show
him what for. He'd knock his ass into the corner of the room and kick him or he'd stop on him a
couple of times. He'd do the Bristol stop. America, they're not so beautifully rights today.
As the nation, we have a long tradition of screwing things up, Doug says. It might be our
certain use of slaves. The outright theft of land from Native Americans and tremendous Japanese
Americans and gravity of W.2. What was that? What was Bristol stop? Is that the one by the Dove House?
Of course. Well, there was an original one. The Dove House didn't have the original. This is
an important article and you're punching around with music now. I think starting after 11 o'clock
was another one of the music format. Show that sure is the thing or two. In fact, what we'll do is
we'll play all the rap records that got out of the lyrics and we'll... Hey, listen, if they can do it
down the hall right? Powerless 96 if all those people can do it. Get some art kelly, some
fitis it. There you go. Fiddy sent my ass. Where'd he stay? It might be our certain use of slaves.
The outright theft of land from Native Americans and tremendous Japanese Americans and W.2. Or
need your passage of USA Patriotic and the imprisonment of who knows how many Americans
in the aftermath of 9-11 each is a dark moment in our history, Doug Thompson writes. In each case,
America took a wrong turn. In some cases, you'd backtrack and try to make good on her mistakes.
Over the past more or a day, W.E.K. in America was forced once again to take a long,
hard look in the mirror. If she was honest with herself, she didn't like what she saw.
She saw a nation deeply divided by the most controversial worsens Vietnam. She saw a country
where the vast majority of its citizens no longer trust their government like faith in their leaders.
She saw a country that paused to honor its war dead while wondering why they had to
die in yet another foreign land for reasons that didn't exist. The face that stirred back at
America looked drawn, haggard and depressed. It was the face of age and worryness wrinkled
by too many fights with too many foes real and imagined. It was a face wooded by moral ambivalence,
wooded by sin and puckmarked by corruption. Perhaps it's a face that no plastic surgeon can save
and asking a soul that no salvation can redeem. Or perhaps behind those dark solid eyes lies the
spark of resolve that is otherwise one more time, one more time, to the challenge in fights to survive.
Our so-called leaders have raped America, raped them, leaving her body ravaged in her morale,
all but destroyed. It's easy to rise up on partisan honks and point the finger of blame on other
sides, but the sad fact remains that all of us, Republican, Democrat, independent, conservative,
liberal, moderate, right, left and middle, share the blame for the political anthill and moral
tide that swoops over America like a tsunami. Mommy. The many problems that played this nation
span presidential administrations, changes in congressional leadership, and shifts in
providing national philosophies. These problems lie in a national psyche that places individual
desires above national interest, greed above service, and lust for power above consideration for
the common good. And we can't begin to solve these problems until we put aside our partisanship,
our anger, our hate, our need to win it all cost. Until we do, America will continue a headlong
plunge into the abyss. But when America looked into the mirror this past weekend, the face staring
back at her belonged to all of us. Oh my God, I sure hope was my face. Have you worn and
haggard? Remember, moral, haggard? Is he still dead or is he alive? I don't know. Was he ever?
He made come back to life, I don't know. He's still alive. I don't know. I have no idea. Plus,
he couldn't sing as well. I have a paper sack. All of them come to music people. Yeah.
Come to music. That's another oxymoron. It's like a rap music. You're in luck. I don't have a
moral haggard. You got a little haggard? Good. Because I don't know. I look a little worn
and haggard. But like Al said there on our my space, I'm not dying it. And nobody said that I was.
Just because George keeps talking about the money I'm going to leave it in my will,
I got other people in there. They're not talking about it. They're just keeping their mouth shut.
They're what? They're not saying, oh, we think you're going to die pretty soon. You better hurry it up.
They might be thinking that. By the end of this month would be good.
See, at least George is honest. He says he needs it right. Boy, he needs it tonight. I don't
need to want to poke in 20 years or 20 years. He needs it now. Why not make it to buy this by the time
you quit? I'm like, look, what I'll do is after the show go out and eat like a gallon ice cream.
I was like, all right, they're not. I'm kidding. I got to kill myself just to make you happy.
Now, see, you need to take a listen from some of my other um, right? Yeah. People, right?
They don't want. Oh, God. You're straight no matter how much you're still worth more to me
alive than dead. If you were going to leave you all of this morning and you heard my voice,
you said you're going to die. All right. That's it. That's the height of my day. Okay. Right.
And just like this radio station, a bunch of cutless, a fanceless lunatics, I'm worth a hell of a lot more
of them alive than I'm dead. Sure. Guaranteed of that. Because when they start playing those
stupid ass tapes after I croak, they're going to find out, oh, gee, nobody wants to hear the tapes
of alien in the Pope any more. You idiots, you clowns. Although Gary Lewis said everybody loves
a clown. Don't know. You have to play that again. All right. About Gary Lewis and the gate or play
boys. Eight ninety eight. After the break, we're going to go over 900 and Chris is really. He's all
excited about it because somehow he's got, he's we, 901 already. Wow. Even I just mentioned his name
when we get in big chunks. By the way, Brandon's not too happy about the Josh going to be on next
week. He's going to rip him an ass all week long. I don't know what those two are going on, but it's a
mutual. I hate. So one thing about Josh quarters is it's like he'd rather love or hate either love
more. You hate him. Well, maybe he hasn't met Josh. He's okay. He's a good guy. He's all right.
He never stole a free train. He's got the Russian girlfriend. That's right. That's why most guys
like him because they want to get close to him so they can keep him on his back and spirit away
that Russian girlfriend and her spirits and her right grab a handful of that ass. Josh is.
903. Oh, I tell you one thing. It's you're like jolly joe then. Boy, we can have a party. That's
a party man. The card has got five votes already. I'll ride. Let's have a big grab jolly joe's
ass party. Oh, brother. Call a thousand people. Let you know. There's plenty for everybody. 1056
in QAM. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
On the good ship. On this stud it's a slave ship and it's very hot when you roll all day.
And the wind you have the back with change. It's a wooden ship and it smells a lot like an arm fit
or a bad egg part. And then you die of disease. They throw the body in the sea.
Stressed in the hole, the toilet for your pillow is around. And if you go play it all knows.
White there will be two if the rust deep change. On the slave ship. They don't serve no food when you can
cheese. They feed it back to you. Life is very hot on the good ship. On this time.
It's 11.15.60 WQ. I'm happy Wednesday to it's me. 30. Wow. Me.
Or may not.
1421 friends in my space. Boy McGill was just blown away. He couldn't believe it. That an old far like me would have all those living and breathing people on there.
And the interesting part of it on this show is we don't make anybody up. We don't have the fake Joe Zagaki and the fake Stugots and the fake you know fake audience.
And we turned on all the hores too. There's a lot of them.
I just had a new lady and that's why I was like a little his and there was like reaching over and yanking something.
Not what you think. It was a lady. But anyway, and she didn't have any friends just Tom. I don't know. But I checked her all out there.
She's got like real pictures and she's probably just on there for us. Or maybe you'd like her. I don't know. She loves you.
I mean, it's hard to tell you know you have to use your best judgements. If there's no picture, if there's no profile picture, no chance.
Right. I mean, I do. I mean, I can understand that there's some people who just want to get on their communicate with me desperately because I am legendary.
And maybe because they're real only. You have the ability to create an account. You have the ability to upload a picture.
Really. Really. Well, yeah, I'll pass that along. And speaking of that, Sean the a Felix the can't guy.
Since it's another one of these pre-story, I think he just makes him up. Great. You go Sean.
Kathy Larville. This is the headline in Chicago Arts,
Dinesy, Settles, Priests, Abuse cases. Kathy Larville thought by working at her some Keith's Catholic Elementary School.
She could shield him from danger and guarantee him a happy childhood, childhood.
But in 2003, her adults unshared horrifying news. Not just bad news, but horrifying news. That's right.
At his eighth birthday party and celebration of his first communion Reverend Vincent McCaffrey had molested him.
And inside the Larville's home no less, the abuse he said continued for four years behind closed in the doors,
just steps away from his mother's desk as St. Joseph the worker's school in Wheeling.
Isn't that nice? Here, mommy sitting at her desk just a few yards away probably.
And he's in there diddling with her a little boy.
I would rather have died than let this happen to my son Kathy, a heart-larvel sent through tears of
the news conference yesterday. I was there. It was done in my home, was done in my place of work.
Now I know a true predator knows how to play the game.
One thing about those priests, maybe they should sign off for the dolphins, they know how to play the game.
They know how to handle the ball.
On Tuesday, Keith Larville, 33 and 14 other plaintiffs announced a series of settlements with the
Chicago Arts Dice season. It doesn't include an informer priest's reach since March 2006,
totaling more than 6.65 million. I'll take it. One plaintiff will receive about 2.3 million. I'll take it.
Now give George a few and I will give Josh Cordis a couple of bucks.
Sure, he does. You'll give it to him. How do you take it?
Out of my cup. I'm happy to.
I'm not giving him no more money. I mean for the website thing, yeah, but as far as like,
you know, trips and planes and boats, what are what is he thinking about? I mean after he's asked me for money,
we can just say different around. You know, he's thinking about it. Thank you.
What? You always say that. Say what? Are you money people think everybody's always sniffing around for your money?
Look who's talking. Hey, right. Right.
Out. Okay. Right. It's done. All right.
The settlements covered what's he looking like when he says that, Chris? He got a smile on his face?
Oh, he's got a big ol' smile. Yeah. He knows it's not going to be interesting.
And he's a little worried about it. He's got like a smile on a word.
You worry about your money and then you won't have anything to worry about.
Hey, nothing to worry about. Right. There you go. You got nothing to worry about.
Just stop poaching around with my money.
The settlements covered abuse as early as 1962 and his latest 89,
with most of the abuse taking place during the 70s,
said Archdiocese, spokeswoman Susan Burrith.
All 12 priests named have been removed from public ministry of Died.
She said, well, thank God for that. Of the 15 planted subrots,
suits one is committed suicide. The 12 priests, former and current,
named in the settlement include and it's got a list of the names,
which is rather pointless for me to read them.
Keith Larve, a well-known operations manager from Hoffman Estate,
said that although he had written about the abuse and die-reason journals,
he had never admitted in our loud.
Even during therapy, after trying to take his own life,
he came forward after seeing a schoolmate on TV who would sue McCaffrey
and told his wife before approaching his parents.
I battle my inner demons every day still, Larve.
It's important that I hold the Archdiocese to some level of accountability.
I handed this for myself and for those who have yet to come forward.
Just another isolated incident. There's only a few million isolated incidents,
a few child molesting priests.
And if there's one thing I want to emphasize, never forget you learned on this show.
People stagnant in the church.
Right.
Kathy Larve, a well-credits therapy and medicine for helping her family cope.
For sons, journals, she said,
and revealed a heart and soul of someone who is totally destroyed.
Burit said the Archdiocese has paid more than $51.8 million to 214 people
who brought sexual abuse allegations.
The church could be feeding a lot of starving,
and desperate and homeless people with that $52 million couldn't they?
Funny as if they can.
They know they're too busy paying off.
People that were molested by these perverts.
That's right.
And not the good perverts.
They're good perverts like me, and then there are bad perverts.
Because I don't try to con anybody, okay?
I'm a pervert.
In fact, I'm going to write it on my forehead.
I'm a pervert.
If you don't like it, get lost.
I don't like hell.
Write it backwards so people can write it.
The Archdiocese always takes any claims of sexual misconduct seriously,
and encourages anyone to come forward.
Who may have been a man's background,
deacon religious or lay employee of the Archdiocese.
I like that term.
They're a lay employee.
Like they say in Hawaii, come on, I want to lay out.
Attorney Jeff Anderson set his office plans to offer pro bono assistance to people
who wish to pursue for early election against the accused,
pre-such as locating and suing them in and working to alert the community
where the defendants now live.
Some victims feel that further exposing their perpetrators
will be positive for the public and positive for themselves, Anderson said.
In nearly every clergy molestation case, both the individual and the supervisors are sued.
But in nearly every case, once the settlement is achieved with the
diocese of employer, the case is OVA.
It's OVA.
And life goes on.
For some, and of course for some, it don't because they already blew their brains out or whatever.
Well, they took the Sinai tablets.
Maybe that's what we can have the greatest to.
Let's set over some Sinai tablets to Naples.
What do you say?
They're probably cheap.
Cheaply Archdiocese, there's the chance for you.
Just pop a couple.
944, and then the day that she croaks, let me tell you what I'm going to do.
The day that she pops those Sinai catholes,
all day.
No fart sounds anymore.
Four hours, baby.
For a week, 20 hours of ain't no fart sounds no more.
No fart sounds like baby.
No fun because some nasty smelly bitch with an attitude is got to,
she's got the keys to the kingdom, maybe, and the naked picture of the beesleys with the
werewolves.
I'm sure of that.
944 votes on the pool today.
Everything is beautiful.
I don't know.
All of a sudden my whole attitude changed.
You notice that?
I didn't, but not the originate.
Yeah.
That's pretty damn into dumpster this morning early.
Then all my good correspondents out there came through and put a big smile on my
purse.
And here I sit now like a lady.
Yeah.
There you go.
That's right.
Jesus loves the little children and so does the father of a tool.
The different way of sure.
Well, the father of a tool is more of a hands-on than the one I see.
Well, that's what that lay it on of his head is all about.
That's right.
Let's lay on some hands on the,
the one thing with oil.
945 votes.
Let's put that wafer in your mouth too, sonny boy.
It looked like a wafer.
I got a wafer it to fit.
Who's car with end driving would you least want to be a passenger in?
Well, Nick Carter's making a little bit of a move there.
How do you like that?
I think probably mostly queens.
Yeah.
What?
And fat chicks.
And fat chicks like that one I call that.
That's right.
It would bitch me up.
You stupid fat faggot.
You stupid fat bitch.
You stupid, you dead.
She's the kind of like,
she's kind of like the the piglets that go out of the glass at the hockey games
and put their nose up against the glass.
Take the sniff of the conti-
godly they come out for a pre-game skate.
You're laughing.
I'm telling you.
I know.
I've seen it.
They put their nose right just like the tune of pig.
You know, they put that nose curled up right against the,
against the glass to get it a sniff of that hockey ass.
Yeah.
That, oh yeah.
Oh, how sad.
Of course, I'm down there too, but, you know,
just just as a fan of the game.
946 votes whose car with them driving would you least want to be a passenger in?
Ricky Tiki Sanchez, 257.
Nobody comes close.
You see, I hate to break the news to Caston.
Of course, he can't use an original material anyway.
See, I was going to say that in the day when we got that spy facts from that setup guy, Chris,
uh, that they already use their own material.
Of course, they don't have any saw.
Can they do that?
Remember, he was pissing Ricky Tiki Sanchez's ass when he left town to go to wherever
and he went the first time.
Yeah.
And MSNBC and kissy, kissy.
Why?
Maybe they got something.
Maybe they got something going on.
They could, oh, gee, maybe they hang out with the sawgrass.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez, 257.
The public hates him like poison, okay?
South Florida's on to his crap.
10 Kennedy 178.
Lindsay Lohan, 122.
Poor Lindsay, man.
She has issues and tissues.
Sure.
Bobby Brown, 118.
Slime ball.
Oh, there's Julie Berman with his Hogan's Hero's helmet on there in, uh,
a rack.
If he did, seriously, remember Mike Dukakis in the, uh, in the tank with a silly helmet on?
Look at that.
Are you watching CNN?
No, of course not.
Oh my god.
What a silly looking person.
Oh, we can't find out.
He's not just Jewish, but Orthodox.
Farbissen.
There'll be last you'll see a Jew Lieberman.
Bobby Brown, 118.
Paris Hilton 98.
Mel Gibson, 60.
Speaking of Orthodox Jews.
Mel loves the Jews.
Billing Joel 38.
In fact, he's got the oven on high cook right now.
He's getting ready to invite some over for dinner.
Britney Spears 22.
David Haselaw 22.
Seaghyl David.
Nicole Richie 18 and Nick Carter.
Next to a welfare aid late, comeer.
13.
You went on air late.
946.
Well, this hour we're going to go over a thousand.
And then after that, you're on your own, Chris.
Who brought you the only network for kids comes a brand new network for adults.
Nipolodian.
Nipolodian.
Nipolodian brings you quality adult programming,
like Clarissa Shaves All.
And Rugbirds.
And programs for the alternative lifestyle.
It shows like two angry gerbals.
And my brother in me.
Not to mention blockbuster movies.
Like three men on a little lady.
Call your cable company today.
And tell them you want Nipolodian.
It's the only channel exclusively for adults.
Nipolodian.
It's 1117, but I tell you, you got a low voice there.
D-Force, you know what that means, don't you?
No, nothing.
Okay.
963 votes.
Well, there's all those stereotypes.
You know, if guys got the big D-Force,
that means yeah, it's a lot of crap.
You know, we're just like the thing about dark guys.
You know, it's all generalizations.
I'll let you do the homework.
963 on the floor.
We will go over a thousand a hour, Chris,
no matter how you try to hold it back.
And then after that, from noon to two,
from noon to two wish, you might get Jewish.
I don't know what's going to happen.
We'll have over 12 hundred.
Should make them eat their hearts out over there.
Now, you know, I speak in a John's Court
as he's running that QAM.com thing.
They don't even have the guts to take a poll,
because it would be real interesting
to see how many votes they would get on their poll.
They only do percentages when they do things like that,
because they get like, you know, 20 votes in a week.
Oh, so 80% said this and 20% said that your mama and that was that.
Well, what the hell is that?
We don't want to see percentages.
We want to see numbers.
We'll take them your way.
It's true.
We have a total, okay?
Considering how legendary our used to be back
when we worked for a real radio station.
But yeah, and back once upon a time before
Fat Jolly Joe came to town
with his radio destruction.
Oh, look at that.
Speaking of Jolly Joe, there's Ray Nogginay.
People don't know what Ray Nagan's been up to.
Yeah, well, I have a feeling it's been up to being stupid,
which, you know, just comes naturally,
just like Fat Ass Jolly Joe.
You know, I told you way back in the beginning.
I don't want to say I told you so again,
because we're good ponders.
I will say it every day though.
I told you so.
Okay.
But you did all agree with you.
When he started with that tape business,
at that point, I knew that there was no doubt.
I said to myself, uh-huh.
Tapes my ass.
If only it was the only failed product
that he's trying to put back on the station.
You want to elaborate on that?
No, I don't.
Absolutely not.
You know, you're going to be one deep trouble
when Ethan Skolnik is filling in from the center.
Oh yeah.
That would be his fault.
Ethan Skolnik is like the very jackass of the Sun Sentinel.
Is that the truth?
Is that what you said?
No, he's a, like, general
guy. He'll talk about anything.
Well, I'm not talking about what he writes about.
I'm talking about as a person.
I don't really know him all the way.
He's kind of a, he drops a bad bomb.
He seems like what?
He looks kind of like a nerd, but I mean, I don't really know him.
So, say there you go.
Very bad.
I can't.
He's probably brown bags it.
No, Barry Jackson's in a class by himself.
Yeah, that's true.
He scares me when I say.
He'll I'm Barry Jackson.
Then what you say about me?
A lot of what you say is true.
Yeah, you're a nerd and a puss and get out of here, okay?
Take your brown bag lunch and get lost, Barry.
Rhymes with Duffery.
Oh, and here's the, this is so sad.
I don't want to get depressed again because I've shaken myself out of that
with the assistance of some others.
And I'm in a chipper mood right now.
The sun is shining.
It's viewed, yes, man.
It's going to be hot.
It is going to be hot and the smokey, maybe.
You know what the temperature is going to be here today in the hog town?
28.
What is that?
That's more than, how do you know that?
I don't know, but take a look.
It's already 23.
That's 73.
And they're saying 28.
What's 28?
The Celsius.
I'm looking over here.
I'm 87.
83.
82.
82.
Wow.
Well, if anybody's going to the track, maybe George can pick one for you.
It might be 83.
I don't know because the scale is an exact, you know, I'm just looking on the third room.
83.
82, it sounds more Jewish.
Close enough.
The push, this is by Stephen Thomas on McClatchy News Papers.
Democrats in Washington want to keep impeachment off the table.
Oh my god.
This is why America's got one party.
Man, let's have a party.
Call us when the party starts.
OK, because then we can laugh right now.
We're crying.
We're crying and people are dying.
Right on the hand.
Anyway, it says the push to impeach president Bush and vice president
Dick Cheney is gaining a hearing in some parts of the country, but not in
Washington.
More than 70 cities and 14 state democratic parties have urged impeachment
or investigations that could lead to impeachment.
The most common charge is that Bush manipulated intelligence to lead the
country into the Iraq war.
No Schmidt.
Other charges include spying on Americans and torturing suspected terrorists
in violation of the US and international law.
All of these things.
Most recently the Massachusetts Democratic Party voted to push impeachment of both men.
The 2500 state convention delegates voted almost unanimously against Cheney.
The vote against Bush was closer.
Massachusetts is Democratic Party that's joined 13 others on the investigator
impeach bandwagon, including Alaska, California, Colorado, Hawaii,
Maine, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Mexico, North Carolina,
Oregon from my Washington and Wisconsin.
Florida of course is conspicuous by its absence, of course.
Among the cities and towns, the largest and most recent is Detroit.
Detroit, where the city council voted seven and nothing this month towards
Congress to impeach Bush and Cheney for intentionally misleading Congress
and the public regarding the threat from a record order to justify the war.
There's a lot of growing support, said Tim Carpenter, director of the liberal
group progressive Democrats of America, but the Congress will respond that's another question.
Don't hold your breath. Indeed it says the Democrats who run Congress have no interest in
impeaching Bush or Cheney despite pressure from their party's base outside the beltway.
It's noteworthy that impeachment pressure is coming from the home states of the two
Democratic leaders in Congress, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, California, and the very weak,
limparasted Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada. A weak fish.
Pelosi said last year that impeachment is off the table.
Under the Constitution, the House impeaches the Senate and the South Florida convicted and
removed from orifice. It's also interesting that one of the resolutions came from Detroit,
home to representative John Connoisse who has the Chairman of the House Judiciary Committee
would lead any impeachment hearings. He's been screaming for it.
The Detroit resolution was co-authored by Monica Connoisse, the Congressman's wife,
but she hasn't had any noticeable cloud at home. Connoisse had last year that he wasn't
interested in impeachment, just oversight investigations and hasn't changed the stand.
Well that's what this story says, but we've had stories where it says he's rattling the cage about it.
I was going to say spheres, but that would have been, you know, right away they would have made a
racial thing anyway. We'll stop it. There are both policy and political reasons that Democratic
leaders are risking the anger of their base. One is that some don't see an impeachable offense
on what Bush has done. Right. If the Constitution calls high crimes and misdemeanors,
they might find such evidence that they've been made of congressional investigations, but they still
have it. Another is that they fear a political backlash from voters, some are the one that punished
Republicans after they impeached Bill Clinton. One factor on the side of the pro-impeachment
crowd, Clinton was much more popular than Bush. The third is they're eager to keep Bush and
Cheney around his punching bags for Democratic candidates in the 2008 campaign. The political
lens they're looking through is the 2008 election, Carpenter said they want to see Bush and Cheney
dangling, so the election is a referendum on them. That is not the correct lens. To him,
the right of the lens is the last election when voters through the Republicans out of power and
Congress. Those people, they said now want Bush and Cheney out. When in doubt, we want them out.
There's a grounds for all here, Carpenter said. Pelosi said it's off the table. It's our role to
put it back on the table. Let's look at the square table that went over so big on the
Cheney and Bill Morning Show. Okay. I wonder if that's the table that Ethan Skolnik was farting at.
Now I guess it was gone before they brought his sorry ass in there. And what about what's his name?
Not Mercury Morris. What's the other guy we have? Oh, Jay, Oh, Jimmy, we still got him on
Monday's or what? Chris. I've no idea. Let's hope not. Yeah, but he used to work across the street.
So a lot of other losers, okay, who whose numbers in the book, I'll start it with a, oh, that,
they had that in common. Number one, they didn't belong on the air, although we gravitate toward
people that don't belong on the air. And number two, they couldn't break a one share with a shotgun.
If somebody gave him a loaded shotgun and access to everybody with an Arbatron die, they still
couldn't break a one share. How do you like that? That's called bad. That's called bad radio. It's
called putting people on the air who don't belong on the air like all these loser sportswriters.
Now after I've been harping on that for the next six months, tell me to stop it. No, okay.
Well, I won't be on that much the next, you know, after June, after the middle of June.
I'll be mine every July and August and like the week after Labor Day, almost three months.
Oh, Halle, Lou, oh, happy day. Say the Edward Hawkins singers. You have to play it again. All right, I won't.
Don't. I bet you're Ricky Tinky-Shaw has played that. How's it going, Ricky? Now you are
confabulated with him about going to dinner with his wife and stuff with your lady? No, I have not.
No, well, it's because he really don't care about you. I know. I wanted to go to dinner with you.
Well, but he's not going to happen. I know. So I mean, not anytime soon. I hope you'll be able to tell me
already about 168. It's not going to happen, Rick. My meals in Florida are reserved for a very select,
a very select small group. No, I don't want to say that because it sounds like I'm shining. I
know that's bad. I wouldn't want to do that because he gave, like, lift me his number and everything
you know to call and I'm sure he's sitting there by the phone right now. He's sitting by the
phone waiting for Old Neil to call to set up that dinner. Well, you're out of time. Yeah, what an idiot I am.
And then again, look who I work for, you know. And they're probably thinking I'm sitting here
ripping the crap out of them and deservedly saw every day and they still got to come up with those
big paychecks. In fact, what's in 8 today? The 30th there'll be another one to one the 10th.
What day is June 10th? I'll take it right now. Friday. Okay. No. It's a Saturday. Okay. That means it's
due on the 9th, which means it'll be there on the 8th. Wow. Really exciting, you know, when you work
for people that are willing to put out the big bucks for a once legendary show and then they take a hammer
and an anvil and an axe and they just chop and chip and rip and tear and you know what?
Keep the money coming. How young is too young? Absolutely. About 30, man.
Oh my god.
Lots of extra spice up there in a bathroom with an egg. It's having
so
how
Yeah.
Oh.
I'm trying to remember this one.
I have to end her scene at some point.
I don't think so.
But I'm on the other side.
I'm wearing leather pants on a leather chair.
Oh, don't do that.
You'll slide right off.
Just like I did that.
What's that?
You slide off my chair.
I'm still imagining everything.
Making sound with my mouth.
I should have brought a camera.
And some people do.
You are absolutely correct.
Sure.
There is nothing there that I thought for a second or two you start losing anything.
I'm thinking you're hearing things that are not in there.
Right.
And they were in there.
No, just our imagination.
That's right.
Just my imagination.
995 on the pool.
We'll be way over 1,000 by noon.
And then they pray they'll stop the presses, baby.
Front page has come central.
The Hollywood's some tenter.
It's been out of business for 20 years.
And of course the Harold.
And L Harold.
What will it say if we get 1,000 votes on the front page of the other?
Come on Easter, come on Easter.
Something like that.
996.
Now I have a church of Christ's, a phantom sassy right now.
Of course even if we have 10 votes he's still phantom sassy.
Exactly.
Well that was my musical tribute to Ethan Skolnick and his very aromatic ball movement that they spent at least a half hour talking about dissecting on the show yesterday.
I guess that's how to go away to describe it dissecting.
No, think of another word.
I'm not this close to lunchtime.
That's a very analyzing is a better word.
Analyzing, yeah, that's more accurate.
That's on top of it.
They were analyzing it and sniffing it and describing in great detail the aromatic qualities and the smell of the lilac air freshener and the alina.
And then of course the poofy reed which is my favorite.
I think if they really want to hit the old pot.
I mean the jackpot.
What they invented it for in that way they call it that.
996 on the area.
Chris Nick Carter whatever his name is he still in last place all the way is tied with the Nicole Richie now 16.
Well there are a lot of people who probably want to drive with Nicole Richie they take the chance.
You what for what have you seen her?
I haven't seen her lately why she got really amnesty.
She's like anorexic and yeah she started out ugly and then got grotesque.
Oh well in that case.
That's why it's a dead ass tie between her and Nick Carter.
Okay.
At least he's got a little more meat on his bones.
When it's super well outside of the stuff that happens in Jojo baby no wonder they think about Jojo Jojo.
When it's super superior court judge Rye Bachelor yesterday rejected a mother's plea to have the Harry Potter books removed from county school libraries.
You know Georgia and Kansas to me seem to be I could be wrong but they seem far and away to be the most knee into the state.
Right.
Laura Mallory of Loganville lost her argument for judicial relief.
Mallory argues that Potter stories are harmful and promote witchcraft and the occult to young people.
Supporters of the Potter books say they encourage children to reach and be able all students.
Read a book, read a mother's scratch and book for Christ's sake.
Cracker.
She argued her position for about an hour.
I think we got to play that on the year today.
Audio.
I agree.
Oh, we're not getting from who who passed that long.
My daughter found it.
I passed it too.
Her daughter found it.
It's witchcraft baby.
It's old frecky.
That's the one.
We know it.
That's from a home.
Probably in one right now.
That's strict.
My conscience.
Bad.
He couldn't sing at all.
But the mob liked him a lot.
And that's say you know she argued a position for about why we playing.
She's the real one.
You can talk over it.
Don't worry about it.
She argued her position for about an hour.
She's did before back for her made his ruling.
I've done the best I can with all this.
Malorie said after the hearing.
Malorie now said she may file a federal lawsuit.
She launched her anti-pattern crusade in 2005.
Malorie, since she did, Malorie's taken the case to administrators at the Loganville Elementary
School.
Her children attend to a school appeals committee to the Gwyneth County Board of Education,
to the Georgia Board of Education and the law set at each level.
Malorie bases her claim in part on testimonials and internet articles by conservative Christian
authors, by crazy people, conservative Christian authors, that she's posted on her website.
Malorie now does she hasn't read any of the six books in the Harry Potter series.
The seventh and final one is scheduled for release this summer.
Why wouldn't have to be the final one?
Is he going to kill or something in there?
The plan was that this is...
Thousands of votes by the way.
Even one oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh.
That was her original plan, JK Rowling, is to have that many books, that many volumes in the series.
I see.
How many years have they're at Hogwarts?
How many what?
Years that they're at Hogwarts.
I didn't even know that.
Ask me if I care.
Do you care Harry Potter?
It's for little kids for Christ's sake, you know?
Any adult that is talking Harry Potter, I'd be real worried about them.
Unless of course they were good conservative Christian then.
I really be scared as hell.
Thousands of votes even on the pool baby.
We are really rockin' and rollin' here in spite of the best efforts of Joyce.
You miserable nasty, hostile, hateful bitch.
You saw.
You know what's upon a time I think it was last year that I passed along the information that I had on very good authority that Joyce,
from my double-dipping, double-billing attorney, he had told me that she will do anything in her power to destroy this show.
And people probably thought, oh that nail is exaggerating, you know, make stuff up.
Well, I rest my case right on your face.
You.
Yeah, I know.
What a bad place for your case in outer space.
A thousand six votes on the pool.
Whose car, with them driving, would you least want to be a passenger in Ricky Tiki Sanchez?
And by the way, that guy is still dead, 270 votes.
And Ricky Tiki is on here on CNN, talkin' crap over and over again.
In English, no less.
Ted Kennedy, 188. Lindsay Lohan, 127.
Bobby Brown, 26.
Oops.
What was that supposed to be?
Be Canon and Goodman.
Oh.
Why did I want to hear it?
You didn't.
It was in the stake.
Paris Hilton 104 was a mistake that nobody got hurt.
Mel Gibson, 66.
Billy Joel, 43.
David Hassel's Hof, 44.
Boy, then talk about a guy whose religion is on mine.
Can he sing?
No, no.
Can he act?
No.
Was he ever on a good show?
No.
Well, I was on a stupid car show.
I was on a show he was on.
Oh, I was on a win.
Excuse me, gay watch.
Oh, excuse me.
God, am I getting stupid or what?
Speaking of Germany.
Do you know that's the most watch show in the world?
You know the one in Germany?
They don't watch.
They don't watch.
They like him in Germany.
Because he's one of theirs.
Right.
That's why they like Hitler too.
Britney Spears, 22.
Nicole Richie, 19.
Nick Carter, 17.
Well, you know, sometimes if he's one of yours, you know,
it's like the Jews that liked Monachem Began, you know,
he was one of theirs.
We are far-bisoned.
And of course, Olmert, who belongs in a mental institution,
well, I bet you, David should do Libra makes this stop
to shake his hand before.
Oh, yeah.
I'm looking at Tom Kiss.
But did, did that helmet, though, man?
He looked, oh, even without the helmet, he's a silly looking
goofball, you know, he looks like he's sucking on a quince.
But man, he is the, you've got to see that.
Before the day is over, you'll see all the footage on every newscast.
Watch CNN and MSNBC and maybe even Fox News, if you dare.
And see, Julie Grimman with Agufi, you made me change it.
And I'm going to change it back to SpicBrusTV, now.
Thank you.
Go ahead.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Tom is through with Mimi.
Look at what she's losing.
She divorced her top gun.
Now Tom can go out cruising.
You ferry.
You tell me, tell me, Mimi, Mimi.
What's he got that I don't?
What's his greater deal?
Welcome.
He's got looks and talent.
What's the great big deal?
Who can tell?
Rainman, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Oh, she is screaming Mimi, who is the screamer?
You ferry.
I would have thought they would have got along well together.
14 before known at 5.60 WQ AM.
10.60 and a point.
What are you saying?
What do you do?
A number of you throwing around club 100?
Yeah.
I'm thinking we can do a lot better than that.
12.50.
But let's make it like an auction every day.
And I like it like we're doing it every day.
Yeah, but I do it every day.
Yeah, but I do it every day.
Like that.
You always really a great auctioner.
Anyways, tons of money for charity doing it.
And always donated this time as Bob Weaver.
Weaver the weather.
What a great guy he was, man.
They stuck in an early grave there at Channel 4.
You butcher as you murderers.
They destroyed him.
They put him out to pasture and guess what he did.
He died.
Not a good idea to go out to pasture early.
Let me tell you that's why I'm going to sit in this chair.
I'm going to keep talking.
Even if there's nobody listening.
If there's nobody listening, if there's nobody, if I'm not on the air.
I'm going to just sit here every day.
What?
That's right.
Well, we're working on that anyway.
I know it.
Practice makes perfect.
That's what they say in the church.
Fox who just rosy was fired over the leaked video of 9-11 talk.
Oh my God.
You know, she's another one who, you know, I agree with a lot of what she says.
Maybe most of what she says, but it doesn't make any difference.
I can't stand her.
She makes me want to puke right.
Like Bill Marr.
And who else?
Who are some of these other people?
And now, of course, Keith Oberman.
Because even though he does that, you know, I'm assuming he's still doing his wonderful job.
Because I don't watch him anymore.
Because since he put the file nails in an armistice coffin and demanded that he get fired for the nappy head of the whole of his business.
People in this business that run around trying to get other people fired.
They just have no respect for it.
And people with scream about free speech and about the fascism of the Bush administration.
And they're trying to clamp down on their colleagues who work on the same damn, uh,
who eat out of the same trough that they're sucking food out of.
I got no use for them.
You know what I mean?
I'm hit.
Even though I'm sure there are people out there, you know, I talked a lot of people into falling in love with Keith Oberman and watching his show.
And you know what?
Have a good time with him.
Okay.
Enjoy it.
Well, I feel so bad about not starting then.
Now, you watched him a few times.
Come on.
But, you know, it's just on at a bad time for me.
Why is that?
What else is on between eight and nine?
Well, eight o'clock there are a lot of shows on that the family would rather be watching.
Like what?
Like sitcoms and things.
sitcoms.
Or you should let the letter out of that.
Yeah.
Those of us with families do things with our families as, you know, as a group that don't involve everyone sitting in the other room watching something different.
I see.
Is this the real reason Fox News asked yesterday why Rosio Donnell is no longer on the view before playing a YouTube video?
A video of O'Donnell warming up a audience by ranting about suspicious events he says were omitted from the 911 commission report.
Most accounts of state that O'Donnell's departure was due to an on air fight over Iraq with co-host Elizabeth Hasselbeck.
The Fox hosts speculate that the video might have come from an audience member's cell phone and then comment briefly on how people go off on this topic when Rosio talks about the World Trade Center Building number seven before cutting to a story about a giant lizard.
I see.
The video was also posted that the screw loose change blog which characterized O'Donnell is raving about World Trade Center seven being omitted from the 911 commission report.
Adding like the 911 commission was concerned about a building in which nobody died, which was not a direct target of the attacks.
Loose change is an internet documentary, which of course we have on our website, Neil Rogers, dot com, and we've had on there for what about 100 years.
Which has received widespread press coverage over the last couple of years, although many 911 truth movement activists have criticized prior edits of the documentary, including a since removed section which claimed video proof that the World Trade Center had been blown up.
Billionaire Mark Cuban is playing to finance a theatrical release after its latest edit with actor Charlie Sheen possibly providing narration.
How do you like that? He's from the Sheenie elves.
And anyway, the notion that the 911 commission report does not mention WTC is wrong. Pat at screw loose change rights before sending four references to it, including the page numbers.
However, none of these selections before the destruction of World Trade Center seven, which has perplexed many scientists government investigators and architects over the years.
Never in the history of the world is a building fallen from a fire on a wits own footprint, eliminating the core 25 steel beams O'Donnell said during the war.
And the problem is that the number of physics wise, she said such an occurrence is impossible. You know what else she said?
A couple of times she said that.
Reporting for New York magazine last November, Mark Jacobson noted that along with the 911 commission report, WTC seven was also given much shrift in the subsequent final report on the Collapsal World Trade Center towers, compiled by the National Institute of Standards Technology, NIST.
Dr. S. Shane Sunder, head of NIST told Jacobson they had preliminary hypotheses regarding World Trade Center seven and are studying the horizontal movement east to west in turn of the structure on the fifth to seventh floors.
But truthfully, everybody don't know Sunder admitted we've had trouble getting a handle on building number seven.
It was an accident that when nobody got hurt.
Sunder told Jacobson that the building's omission from the report was only a matter of staffing and budget and they hoped to release something on seven WTC by the end of the year.
However, no NIST explanations have ever been released as of yet.
And they have the clip on here of Rosie on this story. It's on our website, it's on theorages.com.
What you ought to go to the headline is Foxing just Rosie fired over a leaked video of that 11 talk from the raw story. It's on there.
It's going to take a puke at it now. If you can, if you write it lunch time, if you can handle looking at her during lunch or just before it.
It's about to die. It's a good idea. Lose your appetite in two seconds. That cow is disgusting, obnoxious, loud. Oh, daiky.
See, that's what I'm wondering is why do all the people who say the right things have to be so, I mean like Michael Moore, I love him but he is a big fat slob.
Sure. And I love him but he people pick on it because he looks at he's discussed that right.
And all the people who say the right things tend to be it's like the atheist movement same thing like Christopher Hitchens, man.
I mean, I'm always bitching about Christopher Hitchens. And yet he says a lot of stuff like the article I read last week.
Right. It is some right on it. But when you're dealing with these get's keys, man, with this religious movement, that's why you need to travel around the rest of the world and see that, you know, in civilized places where people are saying and don't run around shooting each other with guns like it.
And when these drive through, they're not into this religious craft so much. And if they are, they keep it themselves.
They're not trying to push it on anybody else, even an Italy man, they give the Italian salute to the Pope.
They seem coming down the street and they give the old Bafangula, you know, can't say that. I just did.
Oh, it's Italian. We don't know what that means. I have no idea. I know the Italian salute though with the hand and the what do you call that?
The fingertips and the chin there. No, that's not the answer.
Oh, not that one. They have several on the inside of the elbow. Oh, that one. Yeah, the Italian salute, not that thing on a chin. That's a mob thing, man. Well, you pick up the Italian again and doing it.
The mob I guess they're not Italian. That's for damn sure. Not my or Lansky. He wasn't a Italian and neither was what's his name? The dead one. What's his name?
Warren Buffett. I mean, Warren, baby. What that was is bugs. He buggy. Don't sound too gracious to me. I bet he knew how to do that salute though.
They all knew the Italian. So that's what they had to do when they got made like Joey. What's his name? Zazah. No, not Joey Zaz. That little guy. Chopeshi. Good fellows. Chopeshi.
Hey, let's 10 25. Please help. I'm pretty sure you're going to be able to. Sounds awfully fishy to me.
A thousand twenty five votes on a pool. I just come out of my noon. I'm thinking twelve fifty just to be on the safe side. Okay. Chris, is that is that me with your expectations or what? Well, if you want twelve fifty, I'll go for thirteen.
So listen, if you can make thirteen again today with a thousand twenty five of this juncture, I will tip my captain. Okay. I'll go out and get I got a baseball captain in the other room from some horseball team.
Not the marvans and I don't even know what it is. And I'll tip my captain. I want that to be quite an honor to be having the legendary.
What's this thing in Orange County Florida that keeps you here on scene? It must be something really marginal. We'll call that a resort in the field.
East of Disney again, not a Disney resort. Yeah. The deputies have what are described as non life threatening injuries. The deputies have been taken to a local hospital.
And we also understand as you can see, maybe so just a moment ago on pictures that the search continues right now for two suspects. Of course, we will continue to.
Well, let us know when something important happens. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers twelve to one hour.
All right.
I think they're really great. I doubt that you can't handle one or two much less or eight.
It sounds that you hate. From then from the boys, they will surely separate. I tell you what they are. Guarantee you'll go.
Yeah. I like fingernails on a blackboard. When people crack their neck for their knuckles. When I rub, I will fall together. That just makes me.
I can't stand. Would you tolerate it? You are half the man I am. And to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate scraping on a plate.
Here's one I really love. You might want to try it. Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah. That's more like it. Little more. Little more over there. Little more.
Yeah. It sounds so unique. Now let's review so you can really, really free.
Yeah. You can't hold on. If he sounds give you the shivers. That makes you a whiner.
Hey, you've got nothing. Someone bite their fork like this. Cause I love it. Here. I'm doing it again.
Do you have a nervous system left? How about a squeegee wipe in a window while I crack my neck?
Sup, are you with? Sup or with? Oh wait. I got one more.
Can we always have that? Always have it reserved. Provo 205 60.0 to QN. Happy Wednesday.
El Trante de Mayo. What do you have to tell me? It's 30th of May. Wow.
Time has marched along toward that summer schedule, George. I know. There he goes again. I'm talking about getting all that time off right.
And anybody who would say that you know what they are beside stupid jealous jealous jealousy that that I wonder who sang that.
Billy Joe. You won't you won't have that in your collection. I'll tell you that. That's an old song.
Jell. I will see. Police said at Tuscola County, Father used the popular MySpace.com website to help find his missing 60 year old daughter allegedly kidnapped by her mother three years ago.
Brian Sebal, 26, reunited with his daughter Brianna Sebal, last week at Seattle to come international airport.
Sebal brought his daughter home to the tiny town of Tuscola last Wednesday. More than three years after he said he saw the lawyer last living with her mother in Tuscacab in Genesee County.
It's been three years since I've talked to my daughter on the phone. So imagine not talking to one of your kids for three years, missing her first day of school and several birthdays. Christmas is another holiday as you told the times.
Brianna and I have a lot of catching up to do. He said Brian Sebal said he never married Dolce M candy Sebal 34.
Now you're you're just smirking because it sounds like a hooker or a stripper sure does candy Sebal's week will ain't over that bond and show snow homie County jail and ever Washington snow homie.
Where's that heinous. Brian Sebal also said he's the father of Dolce Sebal three year old son Sarandon Sebal. He said Dolce began using Sebal as her legal last name after divorce from another man. Dolce she's sweet.
Not Asian or snow homie County. I can't even. Careful. I mean, yeah, that whole thing in the great Northwest.
Aston. Now, homie County Sheriff's Office spoke to them and said police considered Dolce Sebal to fugitive and said the suspect is not fighting extradition to Michigan.
The Skola County prosecutor Mark Reenie said he isn't sure yet if you'll try to extradite Dolce to Michigan where he could arrange around a charge of custodial interference.
The felony cares the maximum sentence of one year and one day in jail.
Reenie said social service officials instead of Washington couldn't and or wouldn't disclose Dolce's address even after he made phone calls to Washington state seeking the suspect's location.
They ain't telling. They talking about Dolce because she's sweet. Maybe she's cooperating.
You know how some of them pull you sorry, you know, you cooperate with him. Polies and do all the right things.
You might get you know if you let them get there where you might get you're right. Get away.
Now we're going to play the audio from that. Read a book. Read and I guess I watched it. I watched it though. I didn't I didn't put the audio on because I got a plug in my speakers.
Yeah, I don't want to do that. I correct my mind. You know, read a mother's and book. Right. Yeah, that bad. It's good stuff. That'd be bad.
1046 is what we got on the pool. Now forget what about 150. I don't know. Maybe you got a shot of 13. I have no idea because if you keep pulling off that that late magic man.
It's like those comeback teams in sports. Those late magic teams. You know what I'm saying? No. Read a book. Read a mother's fraction. Read a book.
I wouldn't I wouldn't be a mom. We always got the button. You know, that's good. I like that. Read a mother's fraction book. Not a magazine.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay
E � wastати underscore lately,
days and you were fooling me for a while.
Was you doing a jogger?
Um, something you know?
We're playing a little game over
out of one oh five three i would you like to get away the way uh... christ is
got one oh five six the not just coming in by the ones anymore
they come in chunks of threes and fours and
five and sevens and stuff
now whatever you've done it i know your computer was it suppose that i
thought it was supposed to be the
the computer expert but what's what's your uh... claim to fame on it
i have no idea
i mean i'm a computer thing i thought you were like a
i'm you know that you've got to be a man i'm not
computer illiterate like some people but
not some people
i'm like a shot to me
yes i like a shot who you were to be talking about
nobody particular
uh... nobody particular
yeah sure was come on you can set
computer illiterate
how can you be computer liter when you don't even own one
uh...
see you think about that that's all if you're a literate would you own a book
or read a book
i read the sports page
or i have a
we read some of the
read a book to
cracker
and book to a cracker
as opposed to read a book
it is good
magnum mistake about it and it is really good
ten sixty two on the whole
and we're shooting for whatever we can get that's what we're shooting for
like the change
he shouldn't whatever you can get
special prosecutor patrick fit jerald has asserted a new court
findings that valory plan was indeed a covert agent at the time of routing
according to a newsreak report filed by michael is a cop and mark
hosen ball
oh what a name that is hosen ball
in new court filing special counsel patrick fit zero that's finally resolved
one of the most disputed issues at the core
of the long-running c i league controversy
valory plan was the asserts was a covert c i offer sir
who repeatedly traveled overseas using a cover identity in order to
scratch a relationship with the agency newsweek be saying
not a magazine now that's not gonna count a book a real book with a hard cover
or like even a paperback would be good
willson's covert status which is substantially an employment report filed by
fit zero
was said as part of recommendation to send former cheney a Lewis
scooter liby to up to three years in prison
according to that report plain traveled sometimes intrudement sometimes an
alex but always using cover whether official or not official with no
ostensible relationship to the c i a
report added when traveling overseas miss Wilson always traveled under a
cover identity at the time of the initial on authorized disclosure in the
media miss Wilson's employment relationship with the c i july fourteen two
thousand three miss Wilson was a covert c i employed for whom the c i was
taken affirmative measures to conceal her intelligence relationship to the
u s a
the findings of early hamper's a key defense by liby's lawyers and supporters
who have claimed that since plain was not covered liby had committed no
underlying crime and revealing her identity furthermore
washed in post-connist dan frumkin noted that fits jr's court filing further
points to vice president cheney's involvement in the outing of claim
special counsel fits jr has made it clearer than ever that he was hot on the
trail of a coordinated campaign to out-ci i agent Valerie plain rights frumkin
until that line of investigation was cut off by the repeated lies from vice
president cheney's former chief of staff scooter liby
frumkin at the response to charges of liby's prosecution was unmovated
the special counsel evidently felt obliged to believe his crime in context
and that context is dick cheney how do you like that the crooked chief
other guys just a dumbbell k he's just the face man the face of ignorance and
believe me
he doesn't have a good job of that
uh... downloading some david has a lot of music for you later all right let's
that can't wait for that
as part of our new music format sure won't have to wait long
and fact i got a good idea let's play some tapes of me playing music
that'd be great
to have a tape to be playing some leys Miguel from hundred years ago and i think
we might have been sixty six one by the bottom of the hour to be real close to
eleven hundred
i'm thinking uh... maybe christian artist someone again
when i be something if you do thirteen again
that would be uh...
really hard to do that
what would be
might be a little hard to get thirteen today
why is that
well you know two days in a row middle of the week people you know
to not a little bit on our smith excuses ok try to give you a little more
support now and i think a little bit hard but it be put about but go for it
baby go for like twenty five
god
so
factor
and
he's the man
the man with a lot of guns
he keeps for fun
and it's the specter
ask you out
when you're at the house of blues
you should review
and it's home health say you must stay here
or he knows it's a good you will
i would rather see
and i've all i can
and go on a date with mr.
bill
specter
on his walls
on last on records of gold
you'll end up cold
boy dead and cold
absolutely
and
and
and
and
and
i got a great idea for you for that
you know what i do show water down
and uh...
what was what happened there
i didn't do anything to it
just stop by itself
don't look at it
all four
i've never seen that before my life i think it's a conspiracy
it's just by itself
i did not
i was going to say we just play that one record
and still get a gigantic number you'll see more for a
love thing
and then some schmutz on the cd you think
well liquef
okay let me let me take it off
oh yeah right let me take a look at it
oh god look at it there's mung
there's mung on my cd oh god
now let me ask you this question is the cd start from the inside
or the outside inside
oh that's really yeah
well that's where all the mung was on the inside
right around the ring
back on not that ring
now let's see if this thing your cleans up
what you try to start a new format is like the lord is
sticking his finger in there huh
what do you say
all of train all day
all right
i'll say again anybody doesn't like that song as a communist and needs to be
deported immediately is not sooner
chuck your white spot beats his ever at all the books on your website i would like
to recommend exception to the rulers by any goodman
do you know that we have a billion dollar embassy in a rack like you always
say it's your america
zine america trust me i know you know all about it so all of
what is it i he sent two pages of a story of it
but i thought everybody knew about it
oh okay fortunately
you're right yourself and chuck just enjoy your life and so i can tell you
you're right up and down at the top
i'm tied on the head don't you know that inside
you don't know
and let this rain keep all the light and it's right in all the way
oh yeah i forgot very important what i'm listening to that and i do i just
love that i listen to that all day i could just
lay down on the floor by the way yeah i'm loving it you know it's
long to have all this inside humor going on that the audience can't share it
so my my daughter came through with the rest of the information about the
Rita books on yeah there's a full song which is even funnier than the little
clip that we like really yeah so here it is it's got a my space site people can
go on there and read all about this guy and hear the full version unsensored
of the entire Rita book song it's called Rita book and it's by
bomani d might armor and his my space site is
yeah ready my space dot com forward slash not a rapper spelled
k n o t a rapper wait wait wait wait wait i can't i'm going back over it don't worry
spelled what not a rapper yeah k n o t like tie a knot
right a rapper all one word not a rapper
www dot my space dot com forward slash not a rapper it's a music site you go over
to the little player right to the right of his picture you click on Rita book
you press play you press play yeah
oh sounds like an uptrag man i have to cut it off very quickly no no no no what
no way no way no how not with a lot of bleeping and a lot of work but it's great to do a lot of work
on that baby see we're only getting one verse on that loop there are other verses including
including brush your teeth cracker and many other you know really words of advice yeah
so just wait well that's a lovely thing today my space dot com slash not a rapper cano t
right i'll be checking out during the break i keep forgetting to mention this again because it's
still going on through the weekend because even though labor day is already coming on it's a
holiday you know period of time and they want to like make your life as miserable as possible so
now through the fourth of june which last time i checked his Monday BSO deputies will join with
other law enforcement officials throughout Florida and the nation to formally enforce vehicle seatbelt
and child restraint laws motorist pulled over this while we know about the holiday no warnings
pick it or ticket if you're not buggered up well that was over the holiday weekend it doesn't say
if that's going to continue to the fourth of a June through El Quactor de junio in addition be
a civil conduct d y saturation for rules from eight p.m. that's already done that's seem to be
the twenty fifths that's over thank god so all we need to know is now through the fourth of june
they're uh they're doing it going to enforce the seatbelt if you don't we're not wearing a seatbelt
today that's all they've been warning you that you're going to die if you know we're
going to make sure that you believe him right right well that's heavy duty man so
is that some hurry informative crap in fact as much as i love vlog train we if we can
clean up that leap now we're going to be able to play that or not if you believe but i didn't
that too much work no i'm not too much work just a lot of bleeps if you want it we'll play it tomorrow
yeah but but is it going to pass is it going to pass the mustard
all these and the can't you i'll bleep it heavily
we're here i'll bleep you what they're going to say oh well you know nothing heavy the hose
that's excuse now for everything is i'm as god can and this one did this in janitor Jackson
flip the rububi and all this other crap you know well that's an excuse for interwoven you can't say
this and you can't do that and i'll guarantee you like i wrote to one of our correspondents here a
few minutes ago who is belly-ickened about the fact that we've got all these
if you want a huge erection if you want to all those other we got those spots on for somebody's
paying for it that's okay and if you have a limp willy uh all over we got to make it those spots
on too because somebody's paying for it i guarantee if we can get somebody a spot to your fart
sounds we can have a whole half hour of it that's not a bad idea why don't we that's what we
ought to do is go out there and we ought to have one of our salespeople go out and sell fart sounds
today's fart is brought to you by god of that fart number two this week is brought to you by so
okay it's a gas brought to you by exon okay it's something like that brought to you by
Ethan Skolik if you think that if you think that place smelled bad way till you smell this
what do you think i think it's a great idea let's do it yeah we got to start it ourselves
and then what are they going to do if people want actually if they want to pay for it
oh then all of a sudden well you know the FCC isn't saying about that and everybody in their
brother plays them so let's put them on there okay give us the money first
1096 when we come back after the break uh Chris we're gonna have over 1100 votes and it's only
1230 yep this man is eminently qualified right there you go there there there is bozo
premiro in the universe with that pathetic bewildered that same deer in the headlights look
like what am i doing here and what's it all about and how the hell how soon can i get out not
soon enough for us you brats are beautiful
read a book i'd be reading it down man and listen and sing it
yeah
If I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long
if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if
I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, so I'll keep going, if I long, if I long, I'm!, is
If I long, if I long, I'm, if I long, if I long, If I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, if I long, suspension, I know, and I know,
I think that's nice look full question for them all which of these people has never seen a woman's breast other than mamis
even school very jackass Robert Creeper the green reaper lord of the board you like that I heard he cupped one
here's a great I can't hear it though why am I not here here what yeah well how come I'm not here in it here what
what planet oh your oh there it is there you go careful yeah I do I can hear in the front to a minute talk over it because he's about to drop a bomb in second
of your mic off cracker no way close your mic close your mic close your mother
my mother scratching excuse me not mother F and S man okay sorry Joyce mother
scratching that's how she's got please oh I got it off of that side I'll be there you know
there's an already a dub day man there's another one of his great the hits
not a rough grown ass man that's right here the rest of the lyrics oh really I got it off
cute up man five second oh yeah good advice all the way through well it's a good
bleep sonner for tomorrow 11 away down a pool I put a Chris over 1100 read a mother
scratching book baby not a magazine no not a loose leaf flyer it's called a stick it's not expensive
who's the one with them driving would you least want to be a passenger in Rick Sanchez nobody's touching Rick and who would want to 293
you know I don't I don't I don't play that thing anywhere near enough no you don't now I'm not talking about the the song
baby I have out okay I love it now I'm talking about where he says I already have a homosexual relationship with
Leo so I might as well have one with you too that that's cute you wish Rick no chance Rick
Sanchez 293 Teddy Kennedy 213 Lindsey lowhand 137 she is me as man she's marginal a bit what's the big deal with her
who Lindsey lowhand oh well she used to be cute and then she got all washed out
no anorexic look not no mole man she ain't cute no mole in fact I bet you whatever was in the bowl
there at the Ethan's school next house was better looking than that maybe didn't smell better maybe we're here another half
hour that tomorrow morning on the Kimmy involvement I'm a gay first time the gay sports show Bobby Brown and Lindsey lowhand
tied dead even even Stephen 137 Paris Hilton 107 Mel Gibson 73 happy Sukus Mel Billy Joel 47 David Hasselaw 29
Nick Carter 25 I'm pretty sure he's Jewish Britney Spears 25 and Nicole Richie 22 I don't think they
allow no Jews in Tampa they used to have a deli there and they closed it down after about a week remember
that yeah they had a deli in Tampa and you think that's funny so did all the people who live there
didn't they work out too well and I'm sure they must have a shoulder somewhere 1110 votes man we got 13
let's see it's come up to one I'm trying to figure out which hour it is I was hoping it was like
136 not that I'm trying to get out of here early don't it's not like next Wednesday when we do get
out of here 12 30 or 12 35 George even though you won't be around I get out you know like I was
getting ripped off that way yeah I do yeah you're cheated Josh Cordis will be here with you know
telling all the stories about his Russian girlfriend and all the life he applies her with and
how she does he has to does that just about anything out of his young kind of tacky if he asked me I've
heard those stories now but you have probably seen it too 1115 old bean so I think I think 13 is
within your reach Chris I think you've been so magical and so powerful this week that it's a
possibility and then again who he gives a flying leaf yeah a mother flying mother flying leaf I do
this way somebody's got to care somebody in his god for second places got a good damn you've got to
wake up and get out there fat nasty ass I'm sitting on my fat nasty ass now but I guarantee it to a
hobby off the
bad choice that is man
man ask this question how come there's no dark folks in the world family are you kidding me
at all I'm Germans in there the Baton berth what do you mean am I kidding I'm gonna sit on
this question they're in bread as it is you think they're gonna let any outside blood in there
the brits is because they're much erases bastards and they've done everything all over the world
from South Africa to India to Australia and everywhere they went all over the world the
royals don't want to mix in with non-royals I see they don't want the impurities in there as well
as though that common blood in there bastards racist best doctors and of course a bunch of
losers themselves I'm sure that any respectable dark folks would want to be related to them anyway
the royal family my ass that I'm not just disgusting queen with her little purse
but then again you know if you if you ever wonder why I say the world is a crazy place and it's sick
forget about all these people dying forget about all the religious gitskis killing each other because
they're got as better than my god but just think about the brits and all this crap with the
world and the queen did this and prince philos did that but it'd be better but it would put a
who gives a flying crap okay right but your stuffy silly ass brits hey who did that schmiff
john see song you were talking about earlier jell the sea that that that that you got it no by whom
i don't have any idea i mean i got a lot of jealousy songs just not that that one how do you know
you don't have that one well because i looked for it and the only jealousy songs i have are from
people that uh you wouldn't have mentioned what is it wouldn't have said jealousy by Natalie
merchant for example no or hey jealousy by the gym blossoms you probably wouldn't have said that either
no that's good song is it really we don't want to hear it's okay it's a good song we don't
the only good song we want to hear is that and of course a read a book read a mother's scratch and
work oh yeah it's one thing to listen to it it's another thing to actually watch it that little
lot of thing there that website you're the man now dog a lot of teenagers and young adults
go there all the time they loop all kinds of things pop up they really know you know the loop
it's fun stuff i see and probably very you know x-ray didn't feel the industry you know it good
only when they do it right up my alley selling
oh
i'm really surprised that you do not deny because you were that
dumb you accomplished nothing and it became a media superstar
i would have asked you to make a 20 but can't no more and now the proper media has something
other to pitch outside a crazy pamper wearing asking not to
uh-oh better watch it some pretty raunchy language in there 16 before two a one or two that
was a Freudian slip see there he goes again that's all he cares about is getting off that chair
and going filling his face with a fatening lunch that's what you think no fatening lunch is this
week maybe i'm gonna be so spelt by the weekend i'm gonna weigh about 140 pounds chopping off both
legs i'm telling you you're right about that about that thing that's on it's addictive but wait
there's more
racial kids racial kids racial
their kids racial kids racial kids racial
and their kids
ooh uh
well i just hit that square yellow thing at the time you gave it a good shot that was good i
appreciate the spirit that i was actually i dropped my pen i did better during practice well
you know practice makes perfect i know i'm 37 on that pull Chris we got a
genuine shot at 1300 today and we'll get 13 again now huh we'll get 13
because now that we're after labor day i mean what did i tell you about Passover and Easter that's
the demarcation point in a horse ball horse and buggy seasonal town all the seasons over yes
overall right they're heading for the hills man they want out they want the hell out
winning doubt they're fleeing out like like uh the bubonic plague just hit
how many vote we got on here like i said 11th graders see every time open up a
muffin you're really optimistic that all of a sudden the air kits that break people don't believe
that he's got that on there he he once told me that he can make the vote any any number he wants
that's right any result he wants also really sure he can manipulate it how about that he can add
from one to a million votes to any entry or any combination thereup now let me tell you the great
part about this rapper thing is in and you know something as much as i hate rap music i do like
oh i know you've made exceptions in the past which is um
oh i had to get that off of the real bad yeah you shouldn't paint uh all of it with a broad brush
you know meaning what that there are various kinds and and you've liked some of it so i have
liked some of it but most of it gen gen gen we don't always generalize we do and generally speaking
it's uh not good it's like when you say fish i hate fish but i do like tuna fish sure okay lobster
i like lobster i like seafood i love scallops
i don't like scallops you can have my scallops why not i just did the texture
what about shim shim i love shim you love what shim
that's what i said yeah okay wow he said shim is what he said but i sounded like uh it's
not like the other guy sounded like crap kind of like that half hour i heard yesterday morning
sounded like shim when we were talking about the Ethan schoenix toilet oh my god yeah you know
something when when when the management people and joys have driven you into the toilet i guess
that's that's where your mind is man that's what you start talking about they accuse us of being
in the gutter yeah right you talk it when you talk it like with a tidie bowl man all day long
you start talking like you're uh talking to him god
1142 uh you know when you still need that a ways to go this is going to be a challenge again
you're gonna have to spin your magic again Chris you have to spin it like a dreidel just for your
mind and we'll get there now was that was that the other song on there what's the name of that one
that you were playing no i was just playing the same one i was that part of the same thing
yeah
okay get the message yeah with the leading candidates for the democratic nomination in 2008
showing a presidential primary debate sponsored by fox news and a thing to take associated with
the congressional black caucus representative Dennis Kassinich senator Joe Biden former
last senator microvelle have announced their readiness to stand in a controversial spotlight
he's ready to debate the issues anywhere at any time and reach out to a new constituencies
he said like Alex Kulvin a spokesman for former Alaska center microvelle center gruel
looks forward to any opportunity to discuss the issues with other democratic candidates
is that what you put in the bottom of the fish tank is gruel and the catfish but when they're
like eat all the oh nasty and then you people go out and fish in the creek and you catch catfish
new item representative Kassinich known primarily for his push to impeach president big chainy
and a strong anti-war position criticizes opponents who are unwilling to show up to these cbc fox
debate what does a cbc got to do with it ain't I don't know so that says here oh sick congressional
black caucus i think cb see the may cbc means how's it going a the Canadian broadcast in corporation
they better start checking out their cbc's before they put this in it it's on the raw story
that's going to create more emissions than if you just you know we can't see emissions that's
the cbc and already talking dirty it just stand out for like two seconds he's talking about
emissions fox broadcast the world series two visit any less of a world series because it's on Fox
ask the fans and say Lewis or Anna Heimer Boston the Ohio Democrats and the statement released by
his campaign let's face it little dinner said the race for the presidency is the world series
of politics and here you have three candidates for president who are admitting that they not only
not hit right-handed pitching they're even afraid to step up to the plate and take a swing
well i'm one candidate for president who can hit any pitch anyone throws at me and i'll be taking
the field and detroit this September with congressional black caucus the cbc a senator Biden
was a bit more muted than the competitors with whom he'll be standing on stage telling the
New York Times through a spokesman on Sunday that the caucus represented an important base
and fox offered an unparalleled form for candidate to all the Bush administrations
feet to the fire under handling of Iraq senator is Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama and former
senator john Edwards have all refused to participate in the debate senator obama who is room
with a black ball fox news earlier in the year for broadcasting he disproven claim they've been
educated in an Islamic madrasa said through a spokesman that it just seems that cnm would be
a more appropriate host you know i nothing to do with fox not see news good for him you go
Barack you demand senator christ Dodd of Connecticut his office has any issue to come in or whether
not he joined the debate and governor bill rich is in new mexico first all the times he would
not participate but then said the former federal administration secretary energy and ambassador
to you and had not made a decision he's pondering it and while the cbc's cooperation with fox
news on presidential debates has been debated since the springtime that abated self as in schedule
till september 23 the cbc and through law so sponsor a separate coin debate in jenuary 2008
with cnn and then the law will be on there baby then you will fear that then Barack Obama is going
to run circles around all of them including swillery she just gives me spiel he's man i get sick
to my stomach when i she she's as cold as a dead mackerel you know when i call her the ice
princess they sure had their thumb on it i can't tell you where but i can tell the temperature
was in the minus column eleven fifty three and every time i click it now just stuck there i think
you're gonna have a bit of a time christ eleven five we just stuck and i think that's because
probably the whole audience and i was listening to that damn thing you were playing i dare not because
i'm queuing it up to something else well if i hit this thing though again what's going to happen
nothing although i got it on extra loud now i guess i got to click over and then click on it
we need a book
way to got one we got another one here
if if i need these water so trick us
body needs water so trick us
if i need water so trick us
and you get it coming up to the better ones uh yeah well let's not hear too much of the
better ones okay because then you'll get joist him a lot no i mean better by a good messages
oh well he's got a really good message of the star yeah oh yeah that's at that point that's
where you chump that video yeah no yeah yeah no no no no no no way who's there it's it's dynamite is
what it is see that that's the kind of stuff i can relate to really it has a good message in there
it's foul and filthy and disgusting and sarcastic and all of these things what's not to like huh
eleven fifty five let's see you got sixty seven minutes and you'd 145 votes that's a little more
than two to one man we got it yeah you got it all right maybe in probably trying to get rid of it
a lot of antibiotics can't hurt well by the way speaking of that you see misunivers uh
miss america for them in the minutes as you fell on her ass not miss america that's all we've
got whatever it is universe uh miss universe pageant jerk and the lady she fell down i'll fall
down and then they were boonier the people from Mexico and where was the other in Venezuela they
were boon to crap out of her because they hate the US thanks to George Bush they hate us they hate
you they don't hate the Canadians hey where are you from oh i'm from Canada how's it going hey
just remember that when you travel abroad just be Canadian everybody loves Canadians
whose car within driving would you least want to be a passenger in let me just refresh that baby
one more time view current live in for oh four more and little chunk for you there say as soon as
Chris speaks all of a sudden i think you got a lot of guys i mean a lot of people out there who
just all in thrall with you now that's what it is you're until court is said next week when he
fills in for George be sure and tell me you you've won the audience over unlike his little
core of facts i mean admirers maybe you even got some lady admirers out there but i doubt it
not if they look at that picture on our my space page or our where is that picture i don't know
that's quite how to have one which is uh good enough for me oh you already have one what
lady one admirer so i see well that's what we weren't talking about that see i didn't say that you
did see i'm trying to avoid that you said don't talk about my lady on the earth okay no problem
you can talk about mine no thanks you talk about her or my wife i think that picture is crystal
clear if you ask me who's car with them driving would you last want to be a passenger in 1160 votes
who's that kid on cnn right now that we're shooting the shot the camera shot right up his pant leg
what that was that that looked pornographic to me some pervert is a photographing rift santa s 304
ten Kennedy 218 and then after that it's small potatoes those are the only ones with over 200
bobby brown is pulling away from linsey he's got 144 slimy slimy bobby brown linsey low
hand 139 although i i don't know what was the big problem with him and what he used to know are
aren't they birds of a feather made together in the same fur as they both have things the other
lights and i think they're getting back together and then they break up and then they get back together
good so max made and purge it to ray linsey low hand 139 peris hilton 111 that's slut mel Gibson 77
billy joe 49nic Carter 39nic has come from nowhere he was like an afterbirth thought
and he's moved moved up into the uh you know after thoughts they've been hassle how 31 britney
spirits 26 and the corrigi 22 out of 1160 for this is seconder i thought we had i thought it said
1200 it's my eyes plan tricks although look at that from 1160 to 1168 Chris a chunk of eight
they love me isn't that in that powerful something's happening out there and boy i'm going to
tell you joe fineberg's gonna be real upset when he finds out don't forget away from tomorrow the
trend comes out this is on this is not a tumor it's the one for two hours
oh
down in my anni heard a loo joselle bill here's a big fat fascinate joe joe he manages a radio
station there in lady arms to pay in bills Joe don't care
that be josebo
oh
man
no
that you know
oh
oh
oh
oh
that be
that be
that be
josebo
why i show him
oh
oh
oh
that be
jose
jose picked a point out that easily greed has a stinking freeze cracker please
i'm not the only one who's being left with no choice but to lose on your desk
a steaming pile of joe
i'm looking forward to see that be jose on the corner of jog and palm metal pop
walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign that says i'm a good feedfop
can you smell me a dime
oh
oh
the be
that be josebo
you try
don't get jump
oh
oh
that be
that be
i'm your
favorite
one
not
your
favorite
one
not
your
favorite
jose
you
fall
one or two at five
sixty
wva and happy one's day to
uh
happy summertime and i'm picture a lot of people have bailed out you think
sure
all the time they weren't flat on that plane that to peris with that guy i guess not that was from
ralana
the guy with tv
the infected guy you've seen that on the news then he went to prog and then he flew to montreal with the
frogs maybe infected the frogs
they're going to start croaking
eleven ninety last time i checked on there
and now eleven ninety four
see that christ they don't come in and one's no more
thanks to your influence now thanks to the fact that you're your
pushing and of course when somebody is big and heavy duty as you are i don't want to say fat
when you will put and of course i'm pushing too
when two big fat guys start pushing man these people respond
so you need a hundred and six votes in fifty seven minutes that's less than two a minute
we got us huh we got it
we got one we're gonna be twelve tv
i think you're right i think we got a real shot
that's a good old man man we just got three of mine and we'll get it
just do one for your mind don't worry about it
two former high-ranking health officials with close ties to the bush administration
helped a michigan based pharmaceutical company secure
soul-sourced multi-million dollar federal contracts for the purchase of its controversial
anthrax vaccine according to a roster investigation how you like that
remember all the hysteria that was going on the question i don't hear anymore about it now
i heard about it screaming about amtrak right
everybody was buying up that what what was the us uh...
we have the sea what was it
uh... cialis
uh... i see her
here was right over there last month emergent by solutions that are set the
department of health and human services intended purchase more than eighteen
million doses of its bio-thracks vaccine for these strategic national stock
pile
the strategic park stockpile set aside for submitting use during a large-scale
emergency such as bioterrorism attack on actual disaster once finalize the
contract will be the largest of its kind for emergence anthrax vaccine
bio-thracks is the only FDA licensed vaccine for anthrax in the u.s. the pentagon is
used for the military mandatory anthrax vaccination program for the last ten
years though not without problems
although the military continues to publicly claim the vaccine is safe and effective
thousands of soldiers have suffered adverse reactions ranging from mild to severe
in march raster revealed that water read is investigating links between the
vaccine life threatening autoimmune diseases hundreds of u.s. service members have
refused these shots during the side effects experience by some eighty percent
the soldiers who receive them accordingly two thousand two g.a.o. report
side effects experience by some eighty percent of the soldiers who receive them
case you missed it the first time all right last year the Department of Homeland Security
granted biothracks special protection under its support anti-terrorism by fostering effective
technology act or safety act it was the first vaccine to receive protection under the act
according to an immersion press release the act certifies biothracks as an approved product
for Homeland Security and provides significant liability protection to the event of vaccines
administered to civilians in terrorist attack after an initial contact with the atost
spokesman Christopher Kelly Kelly didn't respond to further roster a request for additional
information on the department's decision to grant biothracks safety act protection
and go back to the beginning I mean it's a long article it's on our website two former high
ranking health officials with close ties to the Bush administration helped a Michigan-based
pharmaceutical companies secure a sole source multi-million dollar federal contracts for the
purchase of its controversial anthrax vaccine I just mentioned that in passing not that this whole
thing isn't cooked up to rape and pillage american public and by the way thanks again for
low for gas prices mr. president thanks for the memories
1206 Chris 1206 they just took a puke over there while I was busy talking about anthrax
and of course you remember the guy whoa and then speaking of cheese had Tommy Thompson nobody
talks about he's running anyway you don't want to know why nobody notice is just silly
cheeseheads running oh he drank water out of a creek he was an outdoors guy yeah he got he died
from the anthrax in the envelope you jackass you moron you're cypillars cheesehead you're fairy right
that too let's see provost some we need 93 votes we got 53 minutes that's way under two a minute
I think Chris is suckered you people did it again I don't think he can do it see if I use
the same psychology I use yesterday they'll prove me wrong anything they can do to prove me wrong
and you know what that's fine with me and you know talk about creatures of habit although there
is a reason for though because my mage shows up at two o'clock on Wednesdays which is why I did the
wood by Wednesday thing in the first place right because I got to get out of here but I got my shirt
and my pantaloonies on now it's only one or seven because ordinarily where would I be going at two
o'clock not today not today no no nickels no pennies no no two penny machines no dollar
machines no five dollar machine and see the thing it falls you and I recalls their five dollar
machines are three coin machines unlike any other place that's close to civilized so instead of
ten bucks a pop it's fifteen bucks every time you hit the button I see so every time every time
you hit the button fifteen bucks so your money goes by like like that that's it yeah in a heartbeat
put a hundred dollar bill in there it's like like you just you know farted
farted enjoys her did smell it and Ethan's going to go build it
sister what are we going to do about this forced writer disease that's infected wq
anyway it's obviously destroying the radio station while we are we're going to sit back and
and not do something about it what what are you planning on doing each bomb something I don't
know f bomb how about dropping a few f bombs okay let's do it a couple more times
yeah there you go
buy some land buy some land oh buy some land spinning rims
buy some land buy some land instead of spinning rims oh I see instead of a room job that's right
probably teen talk about a trunk what's all just happened there I didn't even hit the thing
boy that when I just when they start pouring in like that you know what you know that we've
achieved greatness man in spite of all the uh I think that we're getting like a certain sympathy
vote out there people hate this show hate me like poison which I would croak any day now
I think they're tuning in because of the fact that they're so pissed off about Joyce
don't you think I'm pretty sure that's what it is and of course cashed in over giving us all that
publicity you know thanks to that smelly nasty hole
like before
right well I mean I could have blood go a little more than that but yeah better be on the safe side
right he went and down bail out that that's what I'm suggesting went and down bail out
let's see that the marlins actually are winning game last night or what nine five I believe
the beat the cubs yep marlins and the you know cubs at Chicago oh I Christ how come that couldn't
the day game the cubs play most of their games in the daytime but I noticed that this whole series
except for Monday which was a holiday anyway these are a couple of night games last night
tonight dammit hate those cubs man and that's another thing I don't play anymore and just because
he's dead this movie can't um here it is oh my cow Neil Rogers is right the cubs suck
animal I hairy see once he croaked I lost all interest in the cubs and I'm sure millions of
other people all across yeah I mean not in Chicago so much but across the rest of the
companies to watch on wgn on the super channel like George he no longer comes anymore or less
oh you would know Mike by lucky from my mic uh who mic check hunt 130 votes nice timing
on the full while after long lagging there 12 30 man we need only 70 and 49 minutes even a child
could do that this is a good sign man it's a good omen hey fat jolly joe we're hanging in
there in spotty rice okay and I'm gonna keep persevering baby I'm coming in every thinking day
when I'm supposed to which is about I think you got 20 days left to work this year and I'm
gonna be here every one of those 20 days no mad dog today now seven going on to the
second should we give him a big build up I don't think he's ever followed me hezzy I don't know
we've had him mostly on the weekends I think Evan don't know good Jewish boy now who was ripping him
who said I think it was Josh Cortes so that he was uh let's say it was yeah was sure was not
that he was not we don't know a damn thing about you okay at least he's not a sports writer that's
a good thing always probably got one of them on you know and if you look at the sun sentinel if you
google Q.A.M. in the sun sentinel to show the tremendous press that we get in there the only thing
they list is like is if you go to like my mic baradino and all the other losers they got a Dave
Hyde can be heard on Q.A.M. every afternoon from five to a you know and in the audio audio that
you know like I'm pretty sure Dave Hyde is doing the um power hour with the Humphor this afternoon
well everybody wants your Hank but who that all wants to hear Dave Hyde not that it's not a
personal knock Dave it's nothing personal I've met him before he's a decent guy once about
twice a year he writes a good column you know what once in a blue moon but other than that it's
strictly the old cockamoon nobody cares about sports writers one of you people are going to wake up
and understand unless maybe the trend has got a minus in front of all the numbers then they might
say well you know something I don't think that works too good little boy you know who the people
would have voted on and pulled the sports writers vote it
I can't take too much fodder it shoots right out my ass
that birth and that bring up blue me to the can now let me ask this because yeah I played this
in a long time I know is there anything in here I should know but okay we'll find out
because I like the original I love that song sure but a short short visit by the teen queens the
whoever the hell is wrong I can't take too much fodder I can't take it at all
the beats I ask for it's from the last drop and especially sorbid
all I know my feet so jump in a quick shot I want to throw them over my hands
and I know my feet so I just can't take the chance to jump that head I can't take too much
fodder all it goes through me to fast and three times I need it I have to
take my hands I can't take it all right I would got you the whole thing I'll write no
joicing baby we're rejoicing here at Q and we finally found what we can play there's
some of the beats is original which is called what is it called
red and butter
you know what you got to do after you are do you read the butter don't you
I'll listen
brush your mother scratch and team that's right what are the kind are there I don't know
everything seems to be mother scratch and mother's doing a lot of scratch and maybe she's got
she's got in there all 43 please we need 57 votes in 41 minutes that's way under two a minute
that this I don't know why it works out like that wouldn't you think that with his vast audience
we used to have we ought to be able to do more than two a minute although of course with that
isn't that still the a.o.l. effect there's that ever going to change is that going to be like
huh right next like a noose for it to go away is it going to go away I don't know there's still
some old people out there using it there we hate the a.o.l. like poison it's for for losers it's for
geriatrics sure even even older than me that's right that's old I wouldn't I the day that I would
use a.o.l. be the same day I go back to internet explorer and it'd be a crazy person and remember
the early days when when we back when we had an audience when Firefox was first getting going
and we helped to make it popular and they had sure they had the list of all the sites that we're
getting the most Firefox subscribers on it or whatever users and we were always in the top
like whatever you know of course that was back in the day before fat jolly joking from rolly
and decided to like team up with joys 1243 on air man it's just it's just an Eric he's breaking it
breaking it air of me day we go why can't he just let it all come on through huh he likes to give
you out to the I don't need that man stress kills maybe maybe Eric thinks he's in the will too
you're not in it fat so only a select few in my will and let's stop talking about that on the
year okay it's really gauche you know how that all got started don't you no that how you don't
with that jackass jake of that's what started all that oh yeah and I read that thing on air and
and I personally myself was pretty proud of myself not for making the bonehead deal for like doing
something so impetuous and stupid but for like festing up to being impetuous and stupid oh it's
a fact thing I am of course automatically and you were right you told me everybody in their brother
was going to assume you know whatever and whatever yeah whatever is right whatever is right
I don't want to be one to think go ahead and think that's right brush your teeth to brush your
mother scratch and teeth and read a mother scratch in book wide your end after years of high
stace league I could watch that thing all day maybe that's what I'm going to do when the maid finally
gets out of here brush your teeth I'll come back and I'm not going to brush my teeth I'm going to
watch them sing it about brush your teeth brush your mother scratch and teeth see when I was a
little kid I never realized that mother was just half a word yeah and then when I lived in Detroit
I discovered very fast that it was only half a word after years of high stace legal rangling a
lawsuit stemming from the gruesome deaths of four U.S. contractors in Iraq is moving behind closed
doors in action scene is an important precedent for the booming private security industry the
suful wrongful death and fraud was filed in January 2005 against black water security consulting
one of scores of companies now fielding close to 130,000 civilians who work alongside the U.S.
military in Iraq where julie brimman was visiting earlier today with his stupid helmet on and
looked like an idiot more so than usual generally their contract stipulate the contractors
as sumo risks injury death disability and wave their right to sue the risks are considerable the
East government figures say 916 civilian contractors have been killed from the beginning of the war
in the racking march 2003 to April 30th of this year despite the risk security companies say
there's no shortage of applicants attracted by high pay and a taste for adventure contractors
Americans are rackees and nationals from more than 30 other countries informed jobs from
guarding senior U.S. officials to translating cooking meals driving trucks cleaning toilets
and servicing weapons systems and computers cleaning toilets contract language is explicit and in
the case of black water releases the company from any liability whatsoever even if the result
it's the result of negligence gross negligence omissions are afraid of the guard are worn
against dangerous conditions all of these things the suit was brought by the families of force
of agent contractors shard and a shot in march what I say shard that's not bad shot in march 2004
by Iraqi insurgents who burned their bodies and hung the charter mains from a bridge across the
U.F.A.D. is river in the city of Faluja televised images of the scene with jubilant Iraqi shaking
their fist and tramp shot the U.S. and prompted an all out military assault in the city let's kill
them there they're making a foot of our guys let's go kill them in an unusual decision-laced
week James Fox a senior district court-directed North Carolina where black water is based
order the case out of the courts into arbitration warriors for both sides decline comment and then
move up black water spokesman and to rel confirm that the hearings will begin soon under the rules
of the American arbitration association a private group whose proceedings are confidentialized
rulings binding this is a very important decision said Jeffrey Attacada retires special forces
lawyer and directly centifer tourism law to emerge university in San Antonio it's a recognition
that the contract is ironclad and that it's terms absolve the company liability in future cases
this will be said it is a precedent but some legal experts see the remorlability for luge case
from the judicial processes and ominous development it's ominous baby this may be a victory for the black
water legal team but it's a defeat for the principle of transparency say Eugene Fidel an expert
on military law and president of the nonprofit national and student military justice this means
that the shadow army of contractors will slip further even further into the shadows
both sides of engaged high level legal teams when lawyers for the families of the four contractors
first brought the case they said it was meant to send a message to all contractor companies
in a back like Joey Zaza we're gonna send a message that's right the pseudo-legs at black water
broke explicit terms of its contract with the men by sending them to escort a food convoy and
unarmored cars without heavy machine guns proper briefings advanced notice or pre-mission
reconnaissance in teams that were understaffed and like even a map since the case began making
its slow way through the legal system and eventually the arbitration the number of contractors
working alongside US military interact has increased by an estimated 30,000 some experts say
the rapid growth is 10 to the companies to cut corners standards have been slipping not for all
the for some in training and the quality of staff said Robert Young potent out through the book license
to kill and the private security industry drawn from three years of travel through the conflict on
license to kill you got your James Brown with license to chill how's his body doing by the way
is it still showing I don't know on ice that's a good good question well let's find out let's do
a little investigative work here what we got on this turkey here 12 52 what are you thinking we
mean 48 votes in 35 minutes that's a very doable the way this crowd goes with us and of course
you know the whole bunch of people are holding back to the ass end you know we got it just to put
that pressure on just to stress me out when it's out stress him off baby get that blood sugar
up to about 450 get him on the edge of like a stroke right on the air although I've done that
stroke it on the air and have it on the yeah I stroke it on the air I didn't have it on the air
but I worked the whole show were you there that day it was it marina was a pre-drenched it was
I was working at the station but not with you in those days I would be I had a stroke in my
sleep tonight before and I came to work I was like sorry my and and and then nobody I think I
may have had a because it was my second you know TIA the second like mini stroke and I had and
finally a nurse called and said you better get your ass to the hospital because you had a TIA
you better you know you could croak right there and remember that no you don't programed with
stroke and of course Disney and that crowd did they give a crap of course not oh how come he's
got to take two weeks off that was back in the soft foodstays when I had like a real agent with
larceny and his heart at least he wasn't double billing you get a lot of
tonight on brabo James Lipton hosts inside the cartoon actor studio he is frostbite falls
favorite son ladies and gentlemen I give you bullwinkle j mousse eat great to be here on the
campus of what's about you as a child bullwinkle you fancy becoming a magician what happened to that
dream will if it turned out I always had the wrong head and now the questionnaire made famous by
the great Bernard people what is your favorite curse word oh that's easy it's well
tell us why when you work with a plane squirrel you find a lot of it in your
and finally if heaven exists what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the
pearly gates hmm well what I'd like to hear is and now here's something we hope you'll really like
oh wake old j mousse tonight on inside the cartoon actor studio it's been my pleasure to be your
move stool of ceremonies and no dancing with stars I'll tell you that one thirty one at five sixty
w if you have even coolant for the man dog at two and then we got the Humper we got that power
hour in the powerless hour and then we got Miami Dolphins all asses at seven o'clock because it's
in the contract and we got to put it on we had to do a lot of things to get those dolphin games back
baby they had to move mountains to get that crap I mean I could stuff back on here that right you
betcha don't be disrespectful now to your dolphins George oh oh right sixty four we need 36 votes
in 20 minutes it's barely more than one a minute I think Chris has got his finger on the button again man
when you said thirteen earlier I thought to myself boy you are really well you didn't see even say
thirteen did you not a first now first you said twelve and I said about twelve fifty you know
twelve sixty five you said proves we got at least thirteen hundred people out there unless
they're voting four five times each we couldn't have like thirteen we could have like you know
hundred people each vote in like thirteen times that would be cool no that would not be cool if
we have a hundred people listening well those you know and each voter you have more listeners and
voters well we sure as hell hope so to finally you're just like you know you're freaking out
there's no reason to what do you mean I'm freaking out what's not like a good vote that a lot of
listeners it's a great show you know who said I'm freaking out you can tell by the way you're talking
about what worried about
thank god Josh Cordes will be joining us next week boy he was your good you know yes he was
he was great the audience loves him twelve sixty seven thirty three votes fatso don't try to change
a subject now okay I'm freaking out stop hey I'm not freaking out I'm confident confidence is high
yeah you're not now you probably are high not yes thousands of students marched in the streets
in support a Venezuelan TV channel denied accusations that it was inciting violence against the
government but they're having some real source in Venezuela ever thought about going to Caracas
don't why can't get out of that place faster enough I thought I thought to myself I'm here in this
an AC of cockroaches god I couldn't believe it was just teaming with people and just like oh
president Hugo Chavez administration shut down one station it was critical of him and it's
open an investigation the remaining opposition station global vision global vision director
Alberto Rové was unimpressed we're not going to change our editorial line that we're not afraid of
the threat from this government he told CNN you know it's going to happen to Alberto don't you
good and a news conference in a posting you know this week on the government's website minister
of communication will be on the law or describe to incidences he said we're provocative first global
vision citizen program on Sunday following interview with the outgoing director general the
opposition station radio caracters television video showing images of the attempted 81 assassination
of Vatican Pope John Paul the tooth as the video played Ruben Blades could be heard singing this
doesn't end here the television company that specific fragment of its program and committed the
crime we've been citing to assassinate in the person of the chief of state of inothrauela
Laura said referring to Chavez that was the objective they didn't get pop up but you go boys
the program aired on global vision rctd adenations wireless audience counting 10 million
of an Israel and 26 million people as viewers of its programming which included so far for
as well as news every Spanish language country has got to have a bunch of them tell
novelas with the big boobs that's right it's the law in a written statement directed the global vision
Chavez said they've accused me of fascism well it is they accuse of fascism they're trying to make
this seem as if the world is ended they don't know the poor things they're the ones being manipulated
the poor things Chavez announced in January that the government would not renew our CTV's license
kind of like what they're doing in this country now okay not that they're chilling free speech
ranging like that they have to be a little more subtle here but not much right I think we have
to send Joyce to a caracters good place for that being yeah because I hear she knows that's
what that's the rule we're going around Chavez accused the station supporting the failed 2002
coup against him in violating broadcast laws rctd which have been broadcasting for 53 years
was replaced by a state run station tv s on monday thousands of students from four from four
colleges took to the streets of caracters on monday and two they they make their complaints public
and of course the police turned the water they turned the hoses on them man they hosed them
the u.s. state department objective of the actions against news outlets freedom of
it and this is this is the pot calling the pequetto pink what a joke freedom of expression is
a fundamental human rights said state department spokesman Tom Casey it's an essential element of
democracy anywhere in the world right well when we get in the back somebody better send Joyce
that bullet in the freedom of expression is a fundamental human right bitch and we certainly
call on the government of henneth wayla will buy by its commitments under the universal declaration
of human rights of Casey and the inter-american democratic charter and to reverse these policies
that they're pursuing to limit freedom of expression Laura also criticized the u.s. base cnn family
of networks for broadcasting video showing anti-government demonstrations followed by images from
acapulco mexico that showed protest against the death of a mexican journalist for just
opposing chavez to video showing the body of an alleged al-Qaeda leader and protest in china
cnn lies to Venezuela he said adding that the worries that journalism is being used to present
political propaganda under the guise of news in a systematic manner oh wouldn't that be a first
out journalism being used to present political propaganda under the guise of news we never heard
about that did we in the u.s. say no in a joint written statement cnn and sponule and cnn
international said they categorically deny the accusations you lie and we deny uh they have a
they lie and that wolf blitzkrieg man i'm gonna tell you he's enough to cause anti-semanian
to this semantics is all over the world bastard and pedantic oh my god is he pedantic
127 a.m. you know something i don't think anybody in beige baby wants to see an end anyway do they
know only when you make me well if there's something good on there like if there's a you know
the pope uh ping in his pants or something you need to see it oh if it's easy and there's
something important you know or cura filf's looking like a nasty witch that she is oh and there's
uh Fred Thompson how many votes is he gonna get but third man big story ready to run ready to run
well let's see him run okay from there to the edge of the edge of the uh stage oh and there's candy
cowley on there too see that's why nobody watches it there's too many unattractive people on say
it would be like putting the staff a q a m on television when that be a bad idea although i don't
know what i know what bowl looks like i don't know what Kenny Walker looks like like a normal guy
just like a guy average one of the mil guy sure kind of mil goy biker haircut there oh boy look out
for that guy you know what that usually indicates to me oh always always talking about his wife
that's probably why he talks about his wife is wife is very hot this is wife hot yes maybe that's
why he's always talking about those rare occasions when they do something yeah i can really i don't
i don't really think we need to hear that although i know if you're really desperate you want to
get a vicarious girl out of other people doing the hanky spanky well there you go and let's talk
about or maybe if you're like all bound up and one here about isn't school there's
titanic ball movements you can hear that too can't hear that just everywhere you know no i won't
hear that on the astoo gots hour whatever the hell they got so over there which ain't much
1281 man we need 19 votes in 21 minutes is less than one minute now now where that nitty gritty
it's kind of shmitty you know that made i'm going to tell her i need about five or ten minutes
because i got to watch that thing again how long is that we need to read a half there how long
three and a half minutes oh three and a half or less
three and a half hours to put the bleeps in that video
you're picking up dudes merit that i want to be the leader of the biva patrol i want to hike and camp
and shower with all the other little boys you know something folks the boys god's never used to
be about six but now all that's trained hot um admiral's anders spokesman for america's number one
juvenile paramilitary group if you're a little bugger whose hormones are just getting out of hand
for boys or girls then i want you to join me in the scouting experience we've changed
that scout is trustworthy boy oh warning we won't you alone in a tent wearing khaki so just remember
our motto be prepared to run like hell with skinheads show up and get your cute little keyster
down here today okay i think erick's got his foot heavy duty on a break man just like in the
hit your wow probably five and we're like uh shooing you know but all of a sudden just stuck there
it's stunk there it's stunk there probably five probably seven see as soon as i as soon as i outed
in my ear all of a sudden he led up a little bit i see took his foot off the pet a little bit
because that gas is so expensive to run i think that generator he's generating up there in
Orlando generate us thirteen more votes uh fat so and cut the crab down notice the crisis real
quiet now because he was like don't ever take it for granted that's a lesson learned from the old
stir okay from his old fart ever take any granted especially in south florida okay
oh yeah i had a it was hysterical i had an email from some from a fairly new my space member a
couple days ago some old fart like me and he said to me he was asking for like is there any way i
can get an autograph picture of you and George or whatever and so i told him send an envelope
to the station i give me a dress and he said to me he says you must get tons of fan mail
yeah tons of fan mail we get ones of fan mail yeah what a few days i would be i mean which was
like a real radio station with a real address and everything that people knew we see it not not
tons of mail although when we did those committals house fundraisers we got tons of mail
but a few way in if we get like one letter every three months and usually it's hate you know
like that in our right right you open up the envelope and it's like that and once it
was just for a variety it's like that we get tons of fan mail not that we needed or we wanted or
you know that that really you know we'd rather have them fill out their diaries and you know give us
that support but nevertheless i thought to myself what a silly what i mean you know he intended
this as a nice comment you know he was sucking around right but we get tons of fan mail in
fact we have to have a whole staff we have two secretaries working just to handle the
fan mail for the Neil Rogers show not to mention i'm sure all the other shows on q a m
with that heavy duty promotion we got out there and by the way if anybody ever sends me another bill
board tell me about how the bastard and stew gots got the got the bill another email rather about
the billboard they got with the the pigeon dropping son or whatever that like we don't know that
yeah i got an email about that last night i don't wonder i was so depressed
awesome pigeons dropped uh dumped all over that uh you know i thought you'd love to hear in that
yeah yeah yeah twenty four we need six more six more and we got 13 minutes to do it that's like one
vote every two minutes for quite a lot why do they do this every single day you know i know
Eric's he's poshking around with it don't you think they like to mess with their mind
well my mind doesn't need any more messing okay i think i think i'd done really a stellar today
you know how about your soul my soul needs some saving man i'm telling you right now my soul
needs some real help need a lot of work sold out or speaking of soul tomorrow don't let me
forget George to send my a talent check for me i'll write it down that's that's the soul i'm
talking about the sole reason that i'm here man and that's give me the money give me the money
some of these guys with their give me the ball i want give me the money instead okay and read a book
read a mother scratching book between now right now the sports page now the sports page
not a comic book not a newspaper book a mother scratching book a topic to the white house
political advisor Carl roe has cleared out her orifice a quarter reported in this week's
monday's washed in post sarah Taylor rose top of attendance been seen her name brought up in
recent months and congressional hearings relating to the firing of those eight us attorneys
Taylor thirty two is one of the first people put on the payroll of the bush campaign rights
michael fletcher in uh... the new at the white house column
Taylor cleared out her office loritus weeks you plan to take her skills to the
private sector and van moose she's described by fletcher has killed a micro targeting the practice
of identifying identifying voter constituencies in their most element levels she's also come
up as a potential target for a subpoena from the housing center judiciary committees as ross
story is early reported a subpoena wow maybe she likes a subpoena for just the penny part
the teeny penny okay twelve ninety four what do we got
i clicked that baby in thirteen hundred there you go
how come christian interjecting so you got it usually do
i looked away for a second
yeah you looked away because you didn't dare to look is netted you feel better now
i i don't want to ask you this question honestly no stick you really think i
hear i think it's a big part of your day
uh...
if the number of votes we get on the pool is a big part of my day
it's definitely time for that believe me
put that baby right against my temple and
temple Bethel temple Beth israel temple uh... for goyam
or look at that that the show and this thing about mcchicken india there is a fine
looking indian man cook up a uh... some crap they're not this guy with a glass
the other one i'm going to tell you man those people from india are really uh...
her she's me and she's nasty looking oh god but i'm just you know that was a
bad example the first guy
he could have put it something in my four and anytime you want i was said what's
the dot man
they don't say man who says man is it you make into a same honor as you are both
i know you make it said to make it and i think that might take the behind us to
the behavior say y'all man
you want to kill some of them a fags down there is that what you have in mind
i see
your anti-ahomo is that we're all about oh they're just that story had yesterday
man it was i don't know why that's surprising oh thirteen oh four
easy man easy just just calm down no sweat
as far as your last cryptic email their brand and wishful thinking on my part
you know likely story he's writing a pornographic stuff
thirteen oh four on the pool whose car within driving would you lease want to be
a passenger in and we have a staggering this is on the 30th of my old baby
the 30th of Michael Mayo
they were still clinging somehow miraculously somehow some way
in spider jolly joe in spite of unjolly joys
jaundice joys and in spite of jaded uh Josh Darrow
the three jays in spite of them we're still hanging on you know we got about a
couple thousand people still listening when you think i imagine a couple
couple okay yeah or our couple not necessarily a couple thousand a couple
people and you know what we'll take it we'll take the money and we'll take
whatever we got left because these people are butchers baby they're like
George Bush they're butchers they're murderers
they're killing us and the next time i hear about some flunky ass sports writer
from this horseball town being on one of our sports shows i'm gonna i can't
believe that man this is alone at you know i can't believe it a bush car like him
of course he only works like seven days a year so what does he care he's got and
you know where he learned the right attitude about the whole deal you that's
correct i was just teacher i told him just take the money baby
whatever kind of a deal the old sucker may do just to take the take the money
take the cash speaking of that by the way did uh chicken heck ever get the
rest of his he got his cash the rest of it no just that amount that um
the eight hundred hundred although i will be seeing them later on i'll ask them about it
yeah ask them because and i don't want to get any more damn emails from
oh jeez what am i gonna do you know all right i'm just not going to put him in my will if he wants to
act that way oh man it's a sick world baby just take the money and enjoy life that's all i
continue 1308 it's kind of great
all right
don't lie all the hard burn
see
these
Well i don't know why they
With President Thumbna*****, that's a movie.
I'm a football f***er.
Oh, what I did to come both once more
And get me a voted home.
Here you want this.
Don't know, don't know.
It's ramen speedy.
Don't, don't, don't.
I'm this drunk, which kid?
Don't, don't, don't be zipping.
Lumber than me.
Here's President Thumbna**.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in by hook or not.
The Christian.
No, but it's best if you and I have a health home.
Peter, we've got a great leader.
Oh, with President Thumbna**.
President Thumbna**.
President Thumbna**.
President Thumbna**.
Oh, I'm frozen.
