Daniel God.
Now, 560 W. U.A. presents the Q.A. M. Road Group.
Not a 60-foot leap here.
Here's people and the Q.A. M. Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your goals right now.
I'm a little busy picking up this trash here and the sight of the road.
You talking to D.F.O.?
Just maintaining a little dignity here.
Chuck, that's what everybody loves about U.D.F.O.
Start looking busy, here comes the screw with.
Hey, we ain't running as social club here. Get back to work, get back to work.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Keep maintaining a little dignity here.
Chuck, that's what everybody loves about U.D.F.O.
Start looking busy, here comes the screw with.
Hey, we ain't running as social club here. Get back to work, get back to work.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You missed the candy wrap over here.
No, shut up, really?
What are you doing standing around for, oh, he's quake.
I am what you are.
I get tired, you like bits, don't you?
I'm sure you do.
Grab that hammer and break those rocks to fit.
Stop breaking, stop breaking.
Do, D.F.O.
Yeah.
Pick up that diaper.
It's got duty in it.
Get off.
But I am doing what?
You know, it seems what we have here is a failure to communicate.
I know I saw that too.
Listen up, D.F.O.
Listen up, yesterday you may have been a big shot, but today you're my bitch.
Now look down the road.
Now look down the road.
See any cars coming?
No.
You're a big sports fan, right?
Oh, you know, I...
Good.
Good.
Good.
Never think so.
Okay.
Hurry, fast, fast, come on, fast.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
10, 19, and 5, 60, W.
So this is shocking.
Did you read this that Bob Norman wrote in the summary?
Yes, that's every word of it, yes.
Somebody faxed us in the daily pulp.
Say it ain't so, Joe, is the headline.
On the year Wednesday morning, meaning last Wednesday, NBC6 Sports anchor in Dolphins color commentator Joe Rose commented on.
Color.
And what he said wasn't pretty, right Bob Norman?
When a color mentioned something about the difference between light skinned and darker skinned black women on Rose's Morning Drive radio show on 790 The Ticket, Rose Entoned, that's an interesting choice of words, isn't it?
Rose Entoned, that he preferred lighter skinned black women whom he termed red bones than darker skinned black women or chocolates.
And then he added that it's his understanding that most black men feel the same way.
Now this is breaking as I write this Bob Norman says the cruel gables attorney Jack Thompson who gained national fame fighting up Senator Howard Skurren.
This contacted the NAACP about the comments and Howard Times reported Elgin Jones is digging the matter.
He went and said, Joe, how red bones are more attractive than darker women said Bob.
You know those words could be very stupid and hurtful and double like this is unacceptable.
Absolutely.
I think if you often don't gain high school, you know about it often.
And then he would do something about it on the radio.
So I don't offer any rewit Thompson ever question Mark.
But this is an instance where I do sit Bob.
We mark so far based on the memory of those who heard the note taken surface.
Joe is requested to grab him from the radio station as well as the camera room station managers and students who are nothing back in time as this morning.
Born this later on the sure rights Bob Norman and he groward New Times magazine.
I've never heard that term before in my life.
Well I've tried to just group here.
I've heard the new circle.
Jones is requested to copy from the radio station.
Are you going to get started now?
I don't want to like that.
I don't know.
Have you tried to keep our nose clean?
More arrested as two.
You know, right?
So let's just dance on the grave from the sidelines.
Better than I've never heard that term before.
And it's about time our close personal friend decided to spend less time with me and with us over here.
And maybe a little bit more time over there.
Good.
Are you going to get started now?
I don't want to like that term.
Never do.
Let's see.
Here's the facts already.
Boy we are waiting to see these bones today.
Q I M.
Hi, guys.
Yeah, huh.
Good morning, Neil and Jordan.
It says just out of curiosity.
Who is the original first team anyway?
The situation is about time our close personal friend says if you go on the cavemancree.com.
You can scroll the Pistach K-Mans department.
It's my partner who isn't a music from the commercials.
Well that's wonderful.
That is what I really wanted.
Just out of curiosity.
Who is the one that Michael said in Y5-3.
This is what I wanted.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
I wanted to say that.
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
If you ever get any, right?
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Here's a fact that says somebody is going to be really chronic.
Somebody in Monroe County, no less, somebody in the keys.
Somebody in the keys.
Says, Neil heard the rose thing last week.
He was just saying he preferred red bones over darker women.
He was just saying he preferred red bones over darker women.
I prefer blondes with big boobs, so what?
I also said he finds most black athletes, not black men.
I prefer red bones over darker men.
Oh, that makes it all better.
All he was doing, all he was saying, give me a piece in a dance.
All he was doing was saying his own preference.
Friggin' writer has got nothing better to do than make something out of nothing.
See, that's why I disagree with whoever wrote this, who doesn't understand.
It wasn't Bob Norman who created the big simmiss about it.
It was the local self-appointed, a hot shot in Coral Gables, who is all over.
He's the local self-appointed, censorist, self-order radio.
Whether it's this show, the Howard Stern show, the Joe Rose show, the Hank Oldberg show,
you pick it, you name it.
He's going to decide what you're going to listen to and what's not being nice,
because obviously, I've got way too much time on his hands.
So, you want to blame Bob Norman Goethe-Hit?
It was the local self-appointed, a hot shot in Coral Gables, who's all over.
Howard Stern show, the Joe Rose show, the Hank Oldberg show, you pick it, you name it.
He's going to decide what you're going to listen to and what's not being nice,
because obviously, I've got way too much time on his hands.
So, you want to blame Bob Norman Goethe-Hit, but I placed the blame more.
I know exactly where it lies, and it's nothing to it.
It's the same. I mean, I've 20 years of this overhead, 20 years, and we just keep going on.
Jonathan in plantation, 237 draughtpots, and he must have thought I was kidding about that.
I'm not. That's on our feed that we're trying to, anybody's trying to listen online out there.
We apologize, but, you know, how would you want to start a week out without a Monday morning like this, a QAM, right?
You see, I'm convinced now, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that they just don't care.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not saying that that Jolly Joe Bell is standing there with the window waving the white hankier,
whatever, you know, maybe he was left over from Rick Weaver.
He's waving the white flag at the window.
We just, we surrender, we give up.
I'm not talking about it to the guys across the street.
I'm just talking about in general, we give up.
We give up.
We give, like, you know, little kids playing, you know.
The playing and post the late at the same time on the screen there.
Oh, well, I'm just hope you missed it the first time.
You get through the second time.
I go online right now, man.
And I keep the radio up, too, that we can hear it three times for the price of none.
What?
It's three times as good when you hear me three times.
It's three times as good.
It's three times as good.
See, I can do it too.
In fact, what I'm going to do is going to, well, repeat everything three times.
It'll kill two hours in the 60 minutes.
Not that I'm counting until I pregame show.
It says, Neil, I put the ad in the trades for you.
I feel free to have the engineering person ever move from the building.
It says Jonathan implantation.
Well, we don't have, see, we have engineers taken out of the building if we had any, but we don't.
We got, we got some people passing themselves off.
So who told you that?
That's the pre-delay and the post-delay.
And we actually heard on a court of says laptop.
So, Stefan, everybody else was, check around.
It should be fine now.
So, oh, it should be fine.
Oh, yes.
Oh, we're fine.
Yeah, it's fine on his end.
It sounds like you're not going to believe this.
I mean, George knows because he just thanks this to me.
I cannot believe it.
I got a thing on my, I got an email.
I think it was yesterday from my Brighton High School alumnus.
I think which I didn't go to Brighton High School, but I went to Brighton Elementary.
So somehow I got long time ago.
I got on their website, you know.
Because a lot of the kids that went to elementary school went to Brighton High before I moved away to beautiful Canon dig when the York.
But anyway, so Barbara Sloan said, die suddenly.
And I'm wondering, that can't be the same Barbara Sloan that we knew from Channel 6 fitted.
I hope not.
I don't think so.
I don't know.
You don't know.
No. I mean, I looked in the hairless and sent a lie.
I'm hoping not.
But at any rate.
Dolphan Denny is dead.
Oh!
No, that's bad.
Don't be doing that.
It says Dolphan Denny may not have been as lovable as the first Dolphan's mascot.
Flipper.
Oh, Flipper.
I wonder if Luke Calpin was the first Dolphan's mascot.
Oh, if they had told me that, I'd have been a big fan.
But he made plenty of waves in the stands and on the sidelines as he urged Dolphan fans into a frenzy for nearly 34 years.
And inspired even had his own drop in on his show, Dolphan Denny, which I'm sure I can find eventually.
Dolphan Denny is a dog.
Ow!
Dolphan Denny, Dennis Sim, died Friday from kidney disease and cancer. He was 72.
Football was his life and his work too, said his wife of eight years.
And his angered Sim from their home in Sarasota. He loved the Dolphans for the very end.
In 66, the Dolphans inaugural season simmitated games wearing rhinestone cover to tire and reexort the fans to cheer.
He was working for Bell South Sim, said of her husband. He had to make the decision to work or do something he loved in football.
A decade later, Timon or Joe Robbie began paying Dolphan Denny an honorable fee to be the team's unofficial mascot.
Yeah, like a few said a game.
Sim retired in 2000, was honored by the Dolphans for 34 years of service. He was given a double V Dodge Ram pickup truck as retirement present.
I didn't know Dolphan Denny had double Vs.
Former Dolphan's president Tim Robbie said Sim was part of the show.
One, your crack enoughles again, it's bad.
Yes, I distraught the George's that Dolphan Denny has bit the dust.
One of the reasons he became a sideline mascot so to speak was he was giving in people's way in the stands dressing up.
And with those big banners, Robbie said to the chuckle, his heart was in it and obviously it was a true diehard fan.
Ingrid Sim said a memorial services plan for Davey though a date hasn't been set yet.
So anyway, Dennis Sim, Dolphan Denny is dead.
237 dropouts, so it stopped there at 237. Let me refresh it again.
Okay, just to make sure that anybody who's trying desperately listen online isn't going through all kinds of psychotic still 237.
That's a good sign, not a bad sign.
Or as noodles would say.
So a good time for the great taste.
If he could.
Neil, this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
By the way, if you go to the country kitchen on Sterling Road in Hollywood, you won't see Greg B. Del Waiting tables anymore.
Noodles is taking his place waiting the tables. Greg is washing the dishes back in the kitchen.
A little bit of a come down, but nevertheless, at least that way he doesn't, you know, doesn't have to put on that kind of embarrassing when you've been a big radio star.
And he never was a big radio star, just that all the people who were used to write about radio.
Remember those days when we had people in newspapers who would write about radio?
No.
Well, yeah, it's long ago, maybe four years ago.
But they were enchanted with Greg B. Del for whatever reason.
Did he ever have any numbers?
Any following?
Any audience?
No, but he did for whatever reason. They loved Greg B. Del.
And then I started picking on him because I found out that he was extremely sensitive and he was paranoid and thought that everybody hated him.
And then we found out that they did.
Oh, not, that can't be true, Greg.
Now what's the latest that we heard on Greg B. Del?
Is he back on the year somewhere again?
One of those like 40 watt stations or what?
I don't know.
See, I wish everybody in the business, you know, look, well, almost everybody in the business.
830 votes on the poll over the last 10 years.
What is QM's best morning show?
830 on the poll.
We'll make 1,000 easy.
Because we got two hours, 11 minutes to go. Who's counting?
They all sucked. 189. Not good. They all sucked.
Howard Stern, 144, even with all the cheesy poofs in it.
The second first team, DeFo, Delpho, Joe Rosen, Guilty, 113.
Farrell, 110.
Scott Farrell, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
The original first team, 101, which we think is Dave Lamont and Jimmy Ciflis, but nobody seems to know where care.
Hank 68. I hate this poll. 50. That's 6%.
Moan Guilty, 28. Not a good number at all.
28.
And then Kenny and both finally edged ahead by one.
They got 14 votes and DeFo, Guilty, and the broadened the other guy, 13.
In a desperate battle for last place.
Hey, baby!
Hey, Reneerie Air.
Man of your dreams for Uncle Mikey's double-talk school.
That's right, a school of double-talk with all Uncle Mike.
You ever have those embarrassing social situations where you just don't know what to say?
You know, words failure?
Well, Uncle Mikey can help.
By teaching you to say half as much in twice the time, with half the brain power.
We'll reduce your embarrassment by 50%.
You're lonely being embarrassed half as much.
Because instead of thinking about two somethings to say, you only got to think of one something.
Maybe you only have something or something like that.
You know when you meet a girl and you say, my, you look lovely.
Then instead of thinking of another clever line, you just say, my, my, how lovely you look.
It's simple, it's painless.
Best of all, we have easy payment package plans.
We've got package plans at the school of double-talk.
Where is this place, you ask?
Well, I'm glad you asked.
By the last place.
De-de-de-de-de-de-de-de.
I lost my place, but I gotta keep talking.
Because we don't do retakes.
We don't do no retakes at WIO and D.
Heck, I remember.
Ah, Mr. Eagle Air used to blow his nose.
Right in the middle of a couple of his spots there.
Back in the old days.
Ah, here it is.
Here it is.
Part 101, North Bay, Cosway and Beautiful North Bay Village.
That's the Uncle of Mike A. Double-Tark School.
That's the school of double-tark.
1035.
At 560 WQM, good guy, man.
He's, he sleeps with the fishes now, but he was a good guy.
Like I say, that every time we talk about him, he was, he was badly misunderstood.
Just like Alan Burke, you know.
See, a lot of people think because they listen to somebody on the radio that they know,
or you know, watch somebody on TV, they know something about them, which they don't, you know.
The renewer is a good guy.
I want to find out what the hell Redbone means.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Could you, it's boom boom.
Oh, okay, a charge being the same all the time.
See, one thing I'm, I was thinking over the weekend because I had way too much time in my hands this weekend.
Way too much.
And this thing with the phone calls, this is another jolly joe bell business where he's, you know, he kept telling me in the beginning,
oh, I just, you know, I just want to leave you alone, you know, you're great and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Just wind you up and let you go, not mess with your show.
But of course, every chance he gets, it's like, oh, you know, the way you treat the, you know, the carers,
that's, you know, the most important part of the show that, that were those calls, you know, the call suck, okay, Joe.
Well, you know about this show or about talk radio.
I put in a thibalent have room for your fat ass 15 times leftover in there, okay.
Well, you know about radio and programming talk radio anyway, you could, you could put all those dropouts in there.
And believe me in our engineering department, that's about all we got is dropouts.
Am I right?
Look how great we were doing without the name calls.
I was kicking ass, man, I had all my bedtime stories here. We were sitting in contaminated,
I'm not talking about the barring.
Yeah, oh, yeah, that's right. I want to read the newspaper, I want to get anything.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, N-E-R, I just want to tell you the best radio guy out there.
Okay, great.
And line nine, we know what it is every time anyways. See, there's nothing on there anyhow.
I mean, red bone, that's something I would think that these people might know something about, although probably like me and you,
they never heard of it in their lives, okay?
I guess maybe we'd have to call Joe Roosevelt that.
Yeah, red bone, my ass.
858 votes on the whole stretch.
We're going to have close to 900 by the top of the tower.
And we got two hours and three minutes to go until like Marlon's pre-game show.
That should be a real ratings builder, man.
Oh, yeah.
We, that should put us right over the top, but maybe like about a one-shear.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
One, Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right, you're asking about Redbone.
Yeah.
Then here's the guy, Southern Band Redbone, American Band Tank.
And they were Native Americans and Dick Clark asked them what they said they said it means half-free.
Yeah.
But you know, I'm talking about half-free, you know?
I see.
Some of us kind of like Barack Obama, half-white and half-the-black, right?
I guess.
You guess.
Oh, he looks, I mean, you know, like that brother was under with Colbert, that was a Colbert?
Yes, Steve Colbert.
He said that he wasn't really black and all the way to...
That was funny.
I mean, I was going to say he made a monkey out of her, but then again, so...
Oh, don't say that.
Make something out of yourself.
I heard you say it.
I heard you say it.
I know you meant something racist by the...
Yeah, this is the deal, you know?
When the entire radio industry, and at least in South Florida, is controlled by one person,
who's got way too much time on his hands, and who just are saying that on pins and needles,
waiting to hear something you get agitated about, this is what you people have got.
That's why, you know, we had the stern debacle on the station.
That's why we had the ferell debacle on the station, and that's why we basically can't say crap anymore.
Because these people are like, you know, they're scared of their own shadow.
Oh, gee, he was playing fart noises again.
Oh, what are we going to do now?
Oh, you know, the sky's falling.
I still think, go back to the oldies, man.
It's this way to do it.
It's safe.
Sure.
Like you played you can in a good-and-a-fly and saucy of the day.
That was great radio, man.
You won't hear that on that.
We can play a little red bone for all the red bone women lovers out there for Joe Rose.
Here we go.
I'll very, wait until that believe this dark bone.
That's interesting.
That's really interesting when you see, like on some of those info mercials, you know,
for time life hits of the 50s or 60s, whatever.
And you see groups or recording artists that you never saw before.
And sometimes you thought that they were black and it turns out they were white or vice versa.
And then sometimes turns out they were red bone.
Yeah.
I could have sworn Mungo with Jerry Wintwine.
Oh, show me.
Oh, show me.
But nevertheless.
W.C.Y.N. Hello.
C.Y.N.
Hi, Neon. How are you?
Okay, sir.
On Friday on the pole was...never the lift?
Oh, get out of here Friday on the pole.
Get lost. Never less my ass.
Yeah, let's go back and redo Fridays.
I got one for Fridays, pole again, yes.
Well, like I said about this today is a test case for me on these...
You people are on probation today.
This is definitely a test case with these calls.
You know, I need these calls like I need hemorrhoids.
I don't need...you know, I've been doing this long enough 150 years.
I can come in here blindfolded with my hands tied behind my back and my legs tied together with the toes
and then do four hours.
When you've been doing it long enough, man, you know how's to do it.
And the idea that these idiots, these mouth-reading moron and even him, I thought he...
I'm sure he thought he had something to say.
Don't you?
Yeah, I always think somebody's going to have something to say, but then...
No, no, I'm talking about him when he made that call.
He actually thought he had something to say that either I might be interested in or anybody in the human race or subhuman race,
might be interested in hearing.
Nobody wants to hear what you just said, sir.
Nobody, but nevertheless, don't ever call this show again.
In fact, you may have been the last caller until this next one.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Do you think they got some good talk show, folks?
Yeah, aha.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon.
Good evening.
Okay.
I understand you did a chicken show once a week, I missed it.
WQAM, hello.
We're tied already.
WQAM, hello.
Mr. Rogers, please.
Yes, speaking, sir.
This is a Neil.
Who is it, then? Who is it, the other one?
Oh, a cranson.
No, it's you. I'm sorry, Neil. I'm sorry.
Listen, let me say something you were off the bat, okay?
When you call this number, there is nobody else going to answer it, okay?
So the idea that you're going to insult me by giving me a song, this isn't Neil.
Who the hell do you think it is, okay?
George Washington?
George Washington Carver?
I want to have your answer.
What do you got for a sir, say something for Christ's.
Well, first of all, I was really surprised that someone knew noodles besides me.
I met him a few years ago.
Okay, good. Well, I'm happy for it. WQAM, hello.
This is Neil.
This is Neil.
This is great.
It is great.
I'm going to do this all the time.
I got my whole pile here.
Oh, tomorrow.
It's a long week, you know.
It's a Monday to Friday.
Do say it for tomorrow, because remember this happened last week.
We had a strong Monday, as they say in the world.
It was a strong Monday.
And as Tuesday, you say, by a call, it's another thing you used to say on the first team all the time.
Oh, boy, that was really strong.
George, by you.
It was really strong, you know.
Some of the jackass would call up and make some stupid ass comment about a dumb ass ball game.
Oh, that was really strong.
Wasn't it depot?
That was really strong.
Here we go.
And now we got him fired up today.
Big time.
This is your probationary period, okay?
You got like an hour and 48 minutes, but who's counting?
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, I was wondering if you think that the Bill Olsen guy has a chance in the election.
I guess.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
Keeping off the Indian reservation, baby.
Yeah.
Just speaking of depot, that guy sounds like a real...
Don't be picking on the red man now, okay?
You'll get that peace pipe out and come after you with it.
You got a pipe?
You got them bows and arrows.
Or maybe you'll just say to some of them cancels the extra piece of that pipe with the worms in them.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, I think you're number three.
No, okay, good.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I've written something I want to get Susan Gray.
Okay.
Okay, there's the Susan Gray guy again, okay?
Which nobody in the world has any idea who it is and believe me, talk about swishful thinking.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, what do you think about the Marlin?
I don't.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Yeah, hello.
There's a queue I have.
Sir, what did I just say when I answered you?
I said QAM.
What does that sound like?
QAM, yes.
There I'm gay.
Okay, well congratulations.
Yeah.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Am I going?
Man.
For the other guy that just called.
Right.
WDQYM, hello.
Do you want a life course?
I'm sent to you.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes, happy for them to you.
WDQYM, yes.
Too late.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, can I speak to the man?
Don't.
All right.
Hold on.
Now we're talking.
872 votes on this pool.
Yeah, I'm just in the mood for this today, man.
I want to go through at least 40,000 of these calls between now and the 1250.
Why, why not?
Why not?
Huh?
Why not?
We might have just 10 callers, but we'll have 40,000 calls.
That's okay.
Keep them off the street.
It's a pubic service from us.
I know I have to charge, man.
Still only 237 dropouts on our streaming so far.
So I guess we must have the thickest by now, huh?
We must have it ficcist.
Over the last 10 years, what is QAM's best morning show, they all sucked 197.
Wow.
That's almost a quarter of all of votes.
Howard Spurman, 154.
The second first team, Defo Joe wasn't guilty, 120.
Far out, 118.
The original first team, 007, which we still, you know, whatever you say it is.
Hank 71.
I hate this pool 54, a mere 6.1%.
Moan Gelde, boy, you talk about a drop off, only 31.
Moan Gelde.
And then it's a really desperate life and death battle for last place.
Kenny and Beaumorning Show 14.
That's the hysterical Kenny and Beaumorning Show, which I must miss the lot of those punchlines,
but man there's a lot of laughter on that show.
Kenny and Beaumor 14 and holding up the rear, Defo Gelde, the broad and the other guy, only 13.
The Neal Roger Show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is your going.
Any questions?
And now here's Timmy Dean, founder of Timmy Dean Forks' Osage, with a few words about new Timmy Dean Vagal sandwiches.
Hello, I'm Timmy Dean.
You know, if someone had told me 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said,
huh?
That's Jew food, isn't it?
But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them.
But I don't have to like it.
You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels.
With a bagel greases slab at Timmy Dean Forks' Osage, on it.
New Timmy Dean non-coachier bagel sandwiches.
If you're Jewish, you can buy them.
You just can eat them.
New Timmy Dean Vagal sandwiches.
There's a little bit of big in it, everybody.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WDQM.
Here's the facts that says, how come I got a new schedule again, by the way?
Is there something we've vies that we didn't know about?
There was a new schedule in the box.
I don't ask questions.
I would just forward them along.
Looks like the same old crap I had before.
Although, either rumor I'm starting now is the Marlon Games 1115.
Woo!
Yeah, that's what I'm thinking.
Anyway.
Oh, University dodged again.
You think, you know, it's just amazing to me.
I sure hope there's some cars down the road there, or up the road where the hell it is.
Because they sure spent a lot of time faxing us crap.
It says, somewhere along the line, I believe, Steve Shapiro was part of the worst team.
You know, Shappy?
Hey, Shappy!
Shappy, my ass.
Steve Shapiro.
Slapy?
Slapy, Shappy.
898, we're going to go over 900 during this assignment on our poll.
And then we got a thousand in the bag, in the sack, in that big old sack, baby.
Do you hear what he said?
He said, suck!
I know what he meant by that, yeah.
As in, sack a crap.
Red bone.
I mean, everything is a big deal.
Okay, what did he mean by that?
Everybody's got to be all on edge, you know?
Because one guy's got too much time on his hands.
That's what it's all about.
I think that's what I'm going to do the rest of my life.
I'm going to declare myself the self-appointed censor.
And if I don't like something or I find some reason to get all bent out of shape with it,
I'm going to make a big stink about it.
How do you like that?
Why not?
Yes, stink.
I'm an ethicist I've just decided.
Our free speech case is divided present and bush from key supporters of his base.
As many religious rights groups have joined the ACA, you and others,
and defending the rights of high school students and article in yesterday's New York Times says,
in fact, they just had it here on CNN the only moments ago.
The case which will be argued in front of the Supreme Court today is open at unexpected fissure.
Fissures like something you have in your act, though, yeah.
And opening.
A fissure between the Bush administration and its usual allies among conservative Christian supporters,
Linda Greenhouse says,
now you're going to be interested in this story.
You know, the one this is all about?
Bonhearts for Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
On the surface, Joseph Fredericks dispute with his principal Deborah Morse at the Juno Douglas High School in Alaska five years ago,
appeared to have a little of anything to do with religion, Greenhouse rights.
As the Olympic torch was carried to the streets of Juno on its way to the 2002 Winter Games in Salt Lake City,
and his TV cameras focused on the scene,
Frederick and some friends unfrold a 14-foot-long banner with the inscription,
Bonhearts for Jesus.
All right.
Smoke a big fat one for the Lord, man.
Pass it around.
The principal tore it down the sign after Frederick initially refused your demand to remove the banner
and suspended him for 10 days.
The Bush administration entered the case on the side of the principal on the Juno School Board of Greenhouse knows,
of course, on the side of fascism and intolerance and all this other crap and stupidity.
But Greenhouse continues,
while it's hardly surprising to find the ACLU and the National Coalition against censorship on Fredericks side,
it is the array of briefs and organizations that litigate and speak on behalf of generally conservative Christian groups
that's lifted more versus Frederick out of the realm of the ordinary.
The groups include the American Center for Longest, disfounded by the Reverend Pat Robertson,
the Christian Legal Society, and the Alliance Defense Fund,
the Rutherford Institute, which has participated in many religion cases before the court,
and Liberty Legal Institute, a non-profit law firm dedicated to the preservation of first amendment rights and religious freedom.
The Institute, based in Plano, Texas told the justices in its brief,
that it was gravely concerned that the religious freedom of students in public schools were redemaged
if the court rules for the school board.
Religious freedom of students in public schools, what is Bong-Hitz for Jesus?
I see they're smoking a fat one for the Lord, right?
Isn't that religion? That was all about the same crap.
That's the common.
The color crapola.
Douglas Lakecock of the University of Michigan Law School on authority on Constitutional issues.
An authority on Constitutional issues.
An authority.
What word did you say?
Issues in popping religion, who worked on the Liberty Legal Institute,
which said that religiously observant students often find the atmosphere in public school to be unwelcoming and feel themselves a dissonant,
and a school that minority.
Good. Problem in drip.
He said, the status of the United States isn't sunny this side.
When you calm down, take a pill for Christ's sake.
Maybe that story again will be a bad one for Jesus.
I'm not reading that story. No mo. No mo.
No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo. No mo
deins, no mo
I'm trying to carry read as the Senate majority leaders for the last time I checked over regardless. Thanks for your expertise
916 hosts on the pool especially that guy, you know like that Congress guy from Illinois that wants to be president or from Illinois
That guy that guy that kind of like Redbone guy
WQA and Hogue
I know
Mr. Story
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
Q.A.M. Ola
Hi Neil. Yes sir. This is the exact same thing happened to me when I had a midnight special
DVD or I was watching I said that song wait a second why are these Indians singing it's long I mean I really
Yeah, it's one of those songs that like I never really thought about it. It wasn't a good song wasn't a bad song
But I just knew it was sung by people of darker, you know darker, complex, it's how do you like that surprise? Yeah
What about there's another song it goes I can dream about you you ever hear that song? No, well somebody white guy
But anyway
There's a lot of other examples of that but I can't think of any well obviously that's that's true
911 votes 911 on the pool on boy. It's come at the appropriate time and speaking of 911 we need help
It's an emergency the Church of Scientology is brought celebrity guest other entertainment to mark the opening today of two new outreach centers in the Tampa Bay area
actor John B. Volta you fairy is making an appearance at the opening of the Church of St. Petersburg life
Improvement center life improvement with Elron Hubba, baby. I
Wanted out are they a kin like to the moon nights? You think they're like they're we are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon
I'll ride the plant city center held its grant opening ceremony yesterday actress Erica Christensen who started in the movies flight plan and traffic was the guest speaker
We've never had openings back to back like this before church folks when a woman Pat Arnie said it's exciting
It's exciting baby and I guess if you're living in plant city it would be you know pretty exciting the centers feature libraries
Classroom's interactive displays the law for information and introductory courses on Scientology and probably have the biggest closet in the entire universe
gigantic closet. I wonder if they have wire hangers there. Don't do it WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
I love to be my best WQ a.m. Hello
you
Five seven oh five what that was Barney the dinosaur yeah, like I said
I hope they all get it out of their system to be because this is like like you know the big when you flush the toilet
What do you know what it's like? Oh, I might even say that I don't know
Kill time like the world flush. Don't have to kill time. I'm trying to be descriptive
I'm trying to be a little I don't do that very good job when you flush that toilet light and when you got a really powerful
Succinary, you know and just like and all of a sudden or like often to the
Angels of outer space somewhere
And then what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take this little botch, you know and the and all the equipment that has to with the phone
I'm gonna like FedEx it's a Joe Bell
So he can talk to these people every day you can keep him off this tree giving some to do
Since he's such a big fan of the phone calls Joe Bell 924 hosts on a poll
Don't forget an hour 40 minutes, but who's counting until Marlon baseball time and don't let me forget not to play
Red Bull miss
Yeah, boy
Lately I've had a rash of those things where I go in and I think it's almost to the end of the our time and I go in and
Do a number one in there. I'm just you know because I'm positive beyond any shadow of an outfit the bit is kosher and a okay and Joyce
Approved etc and all of a sudden here. Oh, no
And I'm counting on you guys of course, I'm little do I know that you're not young or doing the same thing. Yeah, right counting on me
I'm breaking up with me in a birthday card. I don't make breaking up cards
I shall go
Because you have a bad
Guess he's been fired
He lost his
Mojo, I think I'm going to be sick. You're fired. I've got one go man
I'm too low for it. I saw this truck guy
Row up and then a pigeon ate it. We broke up. He cheated on me. I got kicked out. She dumped me and broke my heart
You wrote your penis. I paid by Agra just not to wet my shoes
I'm a 16 how about wedding your beak sounds good to me. I keep thinking every time I play that but I think the same damn thing about
Don Funucci man just wanted to wet his beak remember that just wonder yeah
That's right and then he messed with that light bulb 5670560 see if these people had anything
You know, I mean I granted it to Monday, but nevertheless without anything they would be smoking because this is their last chance
Remember that day when I said this is the last call I remember taking on a show
That was the smartest thing I ever did my life and then the stupidest thing I ever did was going back and start taking him again
It's done. That's done. It's finished. It's it's over Funito, baby
That is a stale as last year's wonder bread, okay
It's as dull as a 48-year-old Gillette Blueblade
Right that's that's jolly joe bill who's gonna keep his nose out of it
And if he wants to do everybody a favor fix the parts that are broken
Maybe this part ain't broken yet. Although you're working on that pretty good looks like and at last trend a death knell a death knell for all of us
But nevertheless
It's just you know and Bruce Beasley you know what he says
What that's what he says WQ a m hello you feel like you bought from the factory
WQ a m hello
I
Mean Q a m hello. I didn't even do it say your week your week
Now if we had a wheel call and this uh what has been hour and a quarter?
I mean I'm taking calls on our record. We had the guy that called and explained red bow into us
Oh, yeah, that guy was really largely lasting and then he said well
I can't think of uh there's so many good examples. I don't know what any of marry. You know like that
And that would be like saying there's a lot of great stuff to say when you call radio tof sure
I just don't have any of it to say that that that that would be like saying that you know
Wouldn't it be something if we actually heard something like that today if somebody called actually had something to say
I'm not holding my breath. Well, you never know. I doubt it
WQ a m hello
Contact commercials are the best. I love them. WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Hey, everybody. It's good. How are you doing in your part? WQ a m hello
Is there a middle? Yeah, my dumb. My dumb box.
WQ a m hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir
Quick question. You remember how they'll be full of art, right?
Well, is that the question? No, that's not the question. They reduce the speed limit. It's 20 miles in the howard now. Yeah
Bad news out there
Okay, thanks for the good news. I like the other calls better to be honest with them. Oh
Good galley miss Molly. Yeah, you know something. I'm I'm kissing everything I can get my lips on here
I'm kissing the my phone and kissing the count I'm kissing the carpeting here. It's a good thing that I've enjoyed it, but I'm not there
What a place what a outdoor insane asylum a septic tank a sewer
943 votes on a pool though. I think I think we'll be right on the verge of a thousand by noon
God are you kidding me? We only got an hour and a half to go. Well, thank the Lord for that. Oh God
WQ a m hello
Okay, great
I don't have to get mad about anything anymore because the news took me exactly what I should should not be upset about
I'm really happy about that just that's all I got new. Okay. Yeah, not much Q a m. Hello
WQ a m hello and you know what's going on? How are you doing sir? Listen, I
What is it with people calling up and saying I'm out of material so they say something stupid?
Did it because they never had anybody to be ending to begin with?
Ah, I see
We're looking at the same conclusion on your I'm out of material. I know
WQ a m hello never saw that coming more than you. How are you sir? Okay, sir
Good good. Uh, now we're already in the fall, but one thing that you might have missed out last week on the expressions was
It left. Yeah, right
WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Sensational man. Never better. That's good
That's good. I can't you know, I can't believe all these ones calling in and no and
Just little things like today is the fourth anniversary of our lovely war here
And we're still not sure what the score is. Yeah, and what would you like these people to say about it?
Uh, good question
Yeah
WQ a m hello
Hey, good morning, Neil. How are you? Yes, sir. Okay. I have a little thing to introduce
Not to introduce to entertain your audience
I'm not the other day at a bank and a guy turns to his friend and says so who you gonna vote for in the election
And I swear the guy turned to him and said I'm gonna vote for whatever president grants me
Clemency for the murder of any idiot who asked me two years away who I'm voting for
I love to
WQ a m hello somebody had to Q a m
Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay, the either one of you guys see 300 yet. Yes George senior. How was it?
Good. He said it was good. He said it was great. I want to wish you and George happy pathode happy Easter. Have a good one
Okay, okay, it's not your voice too, and happy some costora
Matter of fact, I had my pile over here. I got all the uh those other Jewish holidays
I'm gonna start taking off. I think today is one of them. See you
To be schweight
Hit poor him pace off
Yo han show uh
Live the armor. Oh, that's one of my favorites. That's in honor of live bomber. Yeah, that's out of the boomer member paul boomer
Now I have 56 votes on the poll. Let's play the farting contest
That should get Joe Bell out of a hiding from under his desk. Hey Joe you quizzling you idiot. You're fairy
You're doing a heck of a job, Joe ma'am. I'm gonna tell you any guy that can come in in just over a year
Take this formally prominent preeminent AM radio station and turn it into like one and two shares man
You've got you got a hand in to him
phenomenal job it's a good thing they don't care about that and you'll be very pleased to know that Kenny and Boar just edging out the
Defoe guilty the broad and the other guy in a last place just barely
By the skin of their teeth skin of the rags qa. I'm hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay a couple things the court it was a
I get the London Times and it was narkle about a guy in
Canada that up scammed it would almost 70 million dollars from either a corporation or the government. You didn't know about that
So what about it? I don't know you usually bring up stuff in the United States
You didn't make any issue about that. What does that mean when in other words? There's no crooks in Canada. Is that my message here?
Now there's crooks everywhere. So so what is the point point is I made an idiot be marty
Uh also one out of two I mean one out of 200 homes United States or the fault thing on oh god are you boring?
Oh
Maybe the faxes are good
It's a George this is just for you no need to send to the old man. Oh, that's what huh? I said well guess what I thought you could uh
He'll spend time with a shirt. Well, whatever. It's still something interesting. Okay. I mean it's a full call
It says a red bone no it sure isn't like like this last guy. Oh and they're a crack sold 70 million dollars from a summer
And so who cares
Why is anybody who's listening to me right now to the sound of my voice give a flying crap about what that guy just said even he doesn't care about it
How come you're not talking about the crooks in Canada and everybody's on the up and up up there, huh?
But your crooks in Canada
You stay there pal. I'll stay here and that's a deal a red bone is a term for light skin black person usually darker than the person you would call
High yellow, which is often an insult
I haven't even heard of any of these things. How yellow my ass. I'll bet the term is that like old yellow
The term is not used as much because there are so many lighten and bioracial people of that color that those terms are more frequently used
Like somebody might say she's Hispanic looking or bioracial rather than she's red much more common to refer them as red than red bone
I never heard of anybody being referred to as red. I mean me this or red bone or anything
Examples beyond say Rosario Dawson Vanessa Williams close to yellow it says where some old Jennifer Beals
Would be high yellow or be said to be able to pass as in pass for white that this is all just your issue whoever wrote this was right
I mean you talk about making a big simmiss it says a hornet says that rose stepped on and I try to call that
Dases the fact here is that there is an old racial subdivide in the black American community
It's considered a huge issue in the African American even Caribbean American community
This is just the kind of thing someone can paint it to an explore a explode more importantly in subigual in the black community
Joe's real problem is the Cavalier approach he turned to the topic it says
I can only assume he had no ideas to the weight of his words
But to say most brothers don't like chocolate he'd be better off saying blacks are better athletes and worse
I could demis than this is whatever else
And this goes on and the whole thing is just stupid is what it is okay if you ask me just stupid
It's a big waste of time
It's like arguing about which drop of water out of the faucet is going to taste the best okay
I mean it's a stupid is what it is idiotic moronic you fair right
But thanks for killing about two three minutes there was good
971 on the pool now we're talking my language now we're talking something I can relate to you know what I mean
971 sounds like fun getting close to a thousand votes on the pool on a Monday with the stupid ass Marlon exhibition game with the ass
Throw some Jupiter coming up in 1250 this afternoon
Don't forget Hank will be on after the game then he can't seven o'clock any interest
No
Really amazing
I mean wouldn't wouldn't you think that would what's going on there would be people
I would assume that there would be people after that last trend came I thought would be running up and down in a whole ways screaming and shrieking like crazy people you know
At least asking do you like it like that you know something no
But they aren't
Maybe they're just oblivious do you think
Which reminds me again of my favorite saying and it's I shouldn't have been on that list and it wasn't because it's a great saying where there's no sense
There's no feeling
In other words feel this
And I'm opening up the hottest hair salon in the country you gotta check out Britney Shares salon
Don't think girl no more extensions color interconditioning no more tees in or blood drying heck no more
Several off the wall styles for you to choose from there's the co-jack the Jean-Luc the card the death row in night and my favorite
The Shenandoe corner
Nothing compares to our low
Britney Shares prices you have to be nuts not to come on in
More new hair or lack of it. It's sure to be a hit even though I don't really know what one of those is anymore
But I do know a style for Britney Shares is perfect for the insane life of a crazy single mom
So come on down
Yes, cut the crap while you're a busy cutting Britney. Oh, it's Jesus 1131 at 560 W.
We're an hour 19 minutes away from Marlon's a game time. What are we gonna play to go up to the game?
All right
Larry Williams is he white is he black is he red bone is he a thick bone or they just
Would you rather be red bone or hand bone on the hand bone all the way
Yeah
By the way no more calls this week and no more mush that that's my motto today no enough of them mush enough of the stupid ass calls
And that's a private the piece of information. Okay, it's not for you. All right
Just just because I say stuff that doesn't necessarily mean it's for your ears. Okay. No, I understand eyes only
Out loud
W.D. Q. I am hello
See what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna disconnect like I kept saying last week tell you what
I'm gonna do and I would roll up his sleeves. I can't think who down I was maybe was Jimmy Durantia Jimmy Durantia used to say that that's who it was
Tell you what I'm gonna do
Jimmy Durantia
No, it was look good. Yeah, he used to play the piano and sing
That's what he was doing and the comedian but he was a comic but he was a piano guy man
Victor Borgop played the piano to or at least used a threaten to but he never played a piano. We do he was a great
Pianist too by the way, can I say that Joyce? No, I can't say penis
W Q. I.N. Hello
Q. I.N. Turned up in the wilder. Come on. You can do it. I mean
Victor Borgop played the piano. Hey, I sound pretty good today for me, you know, I like the way I sounded on there
I don't know about you, but I'm usually one of those people that doesn't like the sound of my own voice
He's doing everybody. I think everybody hates the sound of their own voice
I couldn't be wrong about that, but I mean what the hell do I know about radio anyway, you know
I know that the pay is pretty good for me and I'm just gonna continue
I'm gonna continue to hop it up those big checks and have it a wonderful time with it, you know
WQ.Y.M. Hello
Oh, she's my favorite week. That's the third time in a week
WQ.Y.M. Hello
And a great big one who uses the brush the baby sitter's teeth with
WQ.Y.M. Hello
Hi, good morning
Yes, I've been out of town for about two years now. I got back finally able to listen to you again
Just a quick question. Are you still going to Vegas? Like you used to a lot?
No, I never go to Vegas anymore
Why do I want to go to Vegas when I got my woodbind right here or Niagara Falls?
What do I want to schlep all the way out there in the middle of the desert for us in a miles away?
I used to ramp and rave about how great it was
Well, it is great if you want to go all the way out there
It's just far no matter where unless you live in California or somewhere as far as a schlep
I was just curious
I don't know where to go to here again. Okay, thanks probably welcome back
Well, let's see he came back after two years. He wants to know why still go on to Vegas
What he's trying to say is I have no idea. What do you care if I'm going to Vegas? What does that do for you?
Okay, who did know
For your life. I mean, what what does that got to do with anything? Am I still going to Vegas?
You know, I mean it's one thing if I can come on here and pass along some useful information or some useful gas or something like that
What what is this tell you though? Let me just let me say if you right now very clearly all of a sudden
Something like I like how they religious experience you know anybody down and the
I'm reborn baby reborn
The whole concept of what's going on here is insanity these people are got nothing to say
They didn't have anything to say last week six weeks before she was 45 weeks before t-shirt above and what makes anybody think they're gonna have anything to say
That's a phone call on a torsion and this guy's one of the more lucid people we've had that's the best part
Remember that's your I love lucid he's one of the more lucid people we've had
And he actually thought that he had something to say in my he was away for two years now
We can listen again am I still going to Vegas?
That's like saying am I still a pervert? Yes, so what about am I still the little fat? Yes, so and how does that affect your life sir?
How can that possibly be useful to anybody?
I
Want to lose my ass that I'm off ear in an hour and 15 minutes of that I'm counting
I can call my can't be right now during this next break
And I can have him pick me up at 10 to one or five to one and go out there lose oh, I don't know how much I wanted
Would buy today depending on how much sure I'll strong my stomach is to put up with it
Do you know I'm saying what he said?
I'm saying I've had a real
Experience here today
Do you know what that means is it fly opening or I open no another fly opener? That's hopefully that'll be later
You know hope I hope for that every day, but you know
When you get to be when you get to be in my station in life and I'm not talking about this station
When you get to my station life. It's a little bit of a you know optimistic altitude
Felt it a Q.A.M. Hello
Hi, I don't know what I was supposed to say
so
So I got a good idea. How's it?
See you come on see you can do it. See you WQ a.m. Hello
Q.A.M.
Get past all got to go. Yeah, I like that. I don't know why I don't know what I'm supposed to say
Mm-hmm
I think he was the epitome is Ed Merle would say the epitome of what it's all about
I'm ecstatic. I'm the leader. I don't know where the hell this all came from today, you know, I just out of the blue out of nowhere
But the good news is we have 995 votes
I'm gonna pull it's only 1137 and Chris was worried about getting a thousand before ballgame time
Which is a minute and 13 minutes an hour into the third whatever it is away. You go see now aren't you? Yes
No, I know actually. I've got this is a great day of clarity for me. Okay
My eyes have seen the coming of the glory of
That's right. Whatever the hell that means my eyes have seen the coming of us something worthy, you know of the Redbone man
That's stupid ass article about the you know the the self-appointed sensor and always on Joe Rose because Joe said days
And this one said redball who cares already. Okay get a life
It's partly monotonous syndrome a South Florida neurotic repetition the same old same old the same old people doing the same old tired crap
Making the same old noise
Like a bunch of overgrown children
Like that
That's the sound of South Florida
Young people doing that
Which you expect that from like infants and old people doing that
That's South Florida for you
Oh, but there was this guy in Canada who embezzled 70 million dollar like that guy's trying to give me a son of a man
He's trying to give me a sell job on how Canada is so bad. Oh, it's terrible. I don't know how to I'm gonna put up with it, you know
WQ a.m. Hello Neil God speaking you've always had a fact and part of the fun of listening to you with these colors
It's like watching the professional baseball players when they're able to hit balls out in the fielders
And they just crush them and it goes right to the guy. It's amazing. I don't know how you do it. Keep it up
Oh
Yeah, this is a real challenge crushing these calls man. This you have to be a real talent to do this
Woo
Well the way you handle those calls Neil that's what's really the entertaining part of yes
I've been Joe you wouldn't know this show if George and Chris came in your studio in an extra in your office next to he's saying and bitch you on each cheek
Okay, you still know what's going on
Big fan of the show he loves what we're doing. He loved those big numbers that we used to have once upon a time through the fall book anyway
I
Think fall is the operative word on this stage man, and it's like you know
It's like everybody's jumping off the Titanic the only problem is nobody's got any life rafts. That's a problem
A thousand six votes on a full one oh oh six baby we done it
I think we ought to have a repeat member last week when we did the 1500 votes on the show in one day
In spite of Chris's a negative attitude about the whole thing I think we ought to like
But not get too carried away because after all
Thousand six votes ain't exactly no 1500
The biggest name
For those people who say size doesn't matter well it does of course I'm talking about the
2007 Lincoln navigator out with a hundred and twenty eight cubic feet of cargo space and over 15 inches behind the third row
State there's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying and because of the Lincoln you get the luxury and warranty
You've come to expect
Leeson the navigator for a really poor 99 a month for 39 months at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury deer
Pines Lincoln Mercury I-75 and Sheridan Street
Being a mom with kids
Carstie and Stroller
Something mean giving up style
Introducing the new Lincoln MKX was seen for five to many of storage and
Anoramic glass roof my dream of staying stylish is reality
Leeson the MKX only 399 a month for 39 months at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury deer
Pines Lincoln Mercury I-75 and Sheridan Street for you four customers navigator
For the time of the day in July of 1961
MKX couldn't run into the downfall of him in 15 for 31
Falling 770 4099 for the day
Big O here for the finest beer in the business president a imported beer and listen for years
I've been telling you about my favorite beer
President a the finest beer in the business well now
I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business president a light the tradition continues
President a light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character
It's the way light beer should taste smooth bold and with the character you've come to expect from President a
Let's face it folks the beer industry. It's full of water down light beers
But President a light is a full body light beer so on your way home today stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family
And how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business president a light the full body light beer what an amazing combination
The choice is yours president a and president a light. It's the big O's choice. It's the best choice
President a or president a light bell sound small business simplifies your voice data and network experience
So you can stay focused on your business
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company just go with bell south listening answering
Log on to wqm.com to play hey pick the police contest
It's your chance to win big when hey picks the winner of the feature race every Friday from Gulfstream Park
He thinks pick the ponies from Gulfstream Park and sports real life city until you're QAM
Williamson canala comor helps you drive in style celebrate their biggest sale of the year with incredible savings on every new
Cadillac and Hummer right now at Williamson lease a brand new 07 CT s for only 349 per month or lease a brand new
O7 s code for only 699 per month with absolutely no money down and during the biggest sales of the year
You also get to save on every new Hummer and stop right now lease a brand new 07 Hummer each to trolley
649 per month or lease a brand new 07 H3 for only 359 per month with absolutely no money down
And as always you get the Williamson buying experience free Williamson canala comor with a Palmetto meets US one
39 with leases requiring first-gen mtex tag entitled with the proof credit
Hi captain Eddie here for Eastview Financial Florida Credit Union some bags aren't too happy to see you
Especially if you start whining and yelping about high interest rates on loans
So you better leave on over to Eastern financial where a home or auto loan costs less each month because they're not for profit
Not for profit means you pay less each month so if you live in daybrowder Palm Beach you can join
Always glad to see you
Equal housing lender join today Eastern financial Florida credit union at you can join dot com
Bell sound small business simplifies your voice data and network experience so you can stay focused on what's important to you
Bell sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping reliability and stability all on the services your business needs all on one bill with
Significant savings you will have the expertise on your side with a bell sound small business expert
Bell sound small business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business
Call bell south now at 866-497-SAVE or go to bellsound.com
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company just go with bell south listening answering
The biggest name
It's the Kenny and Vomiting show trying us right now. You've done a chasm with us. This is for you. Don't
Morning. How are you?
Looks like it time for flipping I'd like to ask working
Your vantage point does Jamie have a mole on his back
Back up
You'll never know how many agents died cause of your big
With your back and roll
Oh
When you see yourself that Jamie you can ask why is
Rhymes with
Okay, 14 to lunar is that gambling lunatic bill Bennett commentary hypocritical right-winger and excuse me for the redundancy
Okay, you know that would be a good poll to take
Or your favorite redundancy hypocritical um religious nut. Oh, I think we've done something like that
But that's fine. We can do that again. In fact religious nut is that just by itself. Right like one goes right redundant
That's very good. I think we've done this quite this way. That's good. We have never done quite this way
I'm not prepared to do it now. I mean until I can pile at least you know 50 or 100 degree all pile of
Like bad radio bad south Florida radio boring sports talk
Right there you go. There's the winter boring sports talk. I love it
So what do you think about yeah, and also don't forget about him. Yeah
And
While we're at it by the way since you want to start with that what about uh Jimmy and Danny
That's Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, what about them?
Sounds great five six seven come on. Let's get away. I don't know if these people can do it
We got another hour and four minutes to go before that
All games being started and
Farlands and the Astros is Jupiter at 1250. It's an exhibitionist game that no comfort buttons
But at least we get to a lot of your real ice and roll
I'm not a lot of
Not a lot of this
Yeah, that's what you're talking about. I enjoyed doing talk ups because you know when we start playing oldies on here pretty soon
Now that'd be a good pull to take you if Neil played oldies every day would you still listen to the show
No, no you would yeah
Chris Wood
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, well now you don't sound very enthusiastic about that come on take it up a notch
Oh, of course. Yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha
It was in 17 votes on a full and we still have only those same 237 dropouts on the streaming so that that was in early
The fibrillary we had this morning, but it's Monday morning man. You don't want things to be working like
Prime time fine and as wine on a Monday morning you want the usual QM screw ups
I think if we can just arrange to have a lot more screw up like that we can get back up to at least maybe a two and a half
Share or something on Monday morning
Are they still?
Which one?
Well, mom and dad's working on Papa John wasn't it him? Yeah, Papa John's oh man too much sauce
Let me do two and hello
Hey Neil yes, sir, I'm on my way to American Express. Thanks
Okay, great have a good time there
I like to read it pay off my next so I'll look at this early bird golf special
I just got a fax out on my fax machine here
The early bird gets the course and there's a picture of a little bird with a worm the early bird gets the worm hmm
You know me
I think you know I'm gonna do I think at noon. I'm leaving. I'm gonna hop on tonight's flight to
Amsterdam and then take the connecting flight to Berlin. I'm just getting out of here for a few weeks. How's that sound?
Okay, wouldn't be it wouldn't be a great deal is just like you know when the mood strikes you know
Just get on just say okay you take over now here you go. Let me hand it remember when jico was talking such nonsense when I started doing shows up here five years ago
Oh, yeah, and he said well, you know pretty soon the day will come when Neil will just to do the show whenever he feels like it whatever the mood strikes
I mean it sounds like a deal to me just keep the checks coming man. I thought that's the deal yet going now
I'm working on it and of course Jolly Joe since he likes you so much get those tapes ready boys
That's another example of his perspicacity about the show he knows his crap Q.I.M. Hello
560 Q.I.M. with the fifth college. Congratulations. What's it WQ. I.M. Hello. Hi there. Yes
A few weeks ago I was driving my son to school late and we were listening to the program and he mentioned as you mentioned hockey and
He coaxed me into taking him to a panther game he'd never been in the game before and
After the game he said it was the most exciting sport he's ever witnessed now. He's crazy about hockey and he says to me
He says I'm crazy about hockey. Thanks to Neil Rogers
There you go. I'm the guy that makes the hockey fans man look out all right look out
All right, there was a call see I told you tell me all this crap don't take any more calls
What would it show me without these great calls you quizzling you simple to new four hours?
Yeah, that's right and some of the long
Yeah, um, I like the things a lot. Yeah, let's sit in here to leave Stevie. Okay. There's uh who is that
Ben Andres looks like to me. Oh, that's right. He's back in the AHL with a Marley's okay. You crank it up a little bit of Ben Benny boy
And HL on the fly. Oh, then they boy they got these long breaks in there. Thank God we don't do that
1020 to be votes on the pool. How are we doing there on the bottom? How are the bottom feeders doing? Huh
Then be a good question to do on the pool one day in fact next time you do the show which my vacation is less than three weeks away
Not that I'm counting
102 three on the pool over the last 10 years and the question I was going to say what what could we do to improve that
Morning show change the shape of that table you think that would do it
No, or you think maybe change the people who are sitting at it
Huh? Huh?
103 over the last 10 years what which QAM uh what does it say what is QM's best morning show I can't even read it anymore
So in coherent
That's because I got a big challenge going on this week man. I didn't really I've got two challenges here
The one with the phone and the ones with the mush
I didn't realize what tremendous challenges the would both be where you'll see I will prevail
Maybe like like my buddy says Anthony Kelly and okay the main man prevails. I will prevail. You'll see
You believe me what
Oh
Man on a Monday no less to have challenges like that. I'll see. I'll do it my best. I can
Valley
1026 folks on the pool over the last 10 years what is QM's best morning show they all sucked
232 what a grotesque deck. There's the man Barack Obama does he able to take you back
He's got it man only he's I'm with Larry tonight Larry King with Barack Obama. Wait no red bone by the way
He is the inspirational leader that this country's been waiting for for four he four years since November 22nd
1963 when lbj had Kenby assassinated
But anyway
Since 1968 when the martin Luther King and the bobby Kenby got assassinated
See that's one good thing about american the political scene man every generation or two along come some reading good dedicated person
I want to do some good things and we kill them or somebody kills them and then they say oh it was a lone craze
assassin a right
I like when the Lee Harvey Oswald said don't call me pass the death of that was kind of cute
1026 votes on the pool they all suck 232 those morning shows howard stir in 182 are they serious?
And the fact that they liked it in spite of all those
beats bleeps and bleep I mean you talk about it a company that
ought to be being bars for an idea you know and they didn't ask anybody if you like that
Anyway, stir in two of 182 for all 143
The second first team dfo joros and gildi 137 the original first team 116
Huh
Hank 82 I hate this pool 68 6 and a half percent. That's not too bad. Moe and gildi 34
34 for moe and gildi what that show is so oh my god
And then Kenny and voe 18 they're just edging out dfo gildi the broad and the other guy with 14
So Kenny and voe at the moment are just barely escaping last place
On you know and I think these are all the morning shows for what last 600 years since qm's been on here
So I think next time George is on which maybe like what day is that gonna be today
Okay, see you bye. Well, no, I've only got like 57 minutes to go
Do you think I would bail out with like an hour to go that would be good you would no, I would not
Not me. I'm not gonna shirt my duty mr. I'm gonna tell you I was a Cub Scout
I was a little pansy Cub Scout not not a boy scout. I was in the Cub Scouts. I said I
Do my duty and whatever in my pants whatever I said were you a wee blow
WQ a m hello
Sounds like we missed the party WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Me of you. Yes, thanks for introducing me to baseball now. I love balls. Yeah, okay good. Uh-huh sounds like it
He plays mean chin balls what he's trying to say how to interpret form five six seven
Yeah, this business with hockey, you know, like what what are you talking about? We got the panther is it right?
And by the way, I'm not the you know got to start paying money for the next season tickets already
At least they're not going around trying to get playoff a money from people this season
And you want to know why because even though they've been winning some games here lately like eight five over the islanders the other night
They're not gonna make the playoffs again for the eight thousandth year in a row
And so and for once I'll give the organization a little bit of credit for that after ripping them and ask for that grotesque trade
Where they gave away a rubberic to the long go for long gone Todd Routuzzi and for the human's to the injured for the rest of the year
Alex all in fact that's the only reason they even within the shouting distance of a playoffs
But it's because Alex all got injured and old eddies hold on his back up a little hockey top there for a guilty
I don't know
1335 votes on the pool a very pressure packed week little did I know when I got my ass out of the sector this morning
I was going to be in this so much pressure this week. I've got the many
Things I got to take care. We have 1272 of friends on our my space page
And you know I did yesterday
What I went back to the very beginning you know how you can save on there like I forget how many you know how long they stay on there
But I went back to way back in early January and I looked at all the different people that came on there to begin
Some of whom are still around and many of whom I don't hear from anymore like
Zertek or whatever that guy's name is you know and
Harry Potter and I guess I guess with a lot of people on these things. It's kind of like a
At large you know, we can fancy yeah like a fleeting thing and they're like oh genius and the interesting thing is virtually all these people are
Responded to you know and then they were a couple of people life shocked like oh my and there were so many nice people
So I'm I'm 24 now and I've been listening since I was 14 or I'm 36 and I've been listening to for 20 years stuff like that
Makes me feel like a part of their lives. You know, I mean doesn't it sound like emotional?
It's good. It's not good. No more a mush mister. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my ball. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
And now live from ride Joe 7. It's the Neil Rogers show
Oh
I like the keys on the song for the writing
The deal time likely about Rick and Pysings
Now when he guides all I don't send off key
This is my favorite
A carryoke
Yeah, I love the way that I've been ended
The bitch haven't been the same since
Go cut by and died. I know. Yeah, I had that was some party quick read through
But think I didn't go much advancing
Of course it's not easy flying back there from ride Joe 7. I know thank god
I'm here
It's all over for you push left stuck on earth. Yes, president. No, well
If you're lucky that crack head is the last bus to rig an election who's on this line?
W. Do I am mr. Rogers speaking I was in the public sugarlactica today
sir
And let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper are they're shaving?
I discovered to my show. No, it's
Rare finals
Two for 99 cents on the contrary got them off
Two brake stones for 99 cents
Now I don't know about you. That's right. You've had me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones
When the coupon clearly stated
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails
Now who's this line 7 and 9?
Klingon penal colony. Hello. I forgot into three tires
Okay, I'm not now. You know, I got a renegotiate my contract about a one-minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes. That's right. Boy, oh, can't you behind his next
George bye bye bye
Well, I'll talk about it. It's my favorite trouble too. Don't tell me we're out of here in 48 minutes
Wanted to service to our loyal audience out there, you know to our vast loyal audience that we are used to have
I remember those salad days man. I'd rather have the steak days myself. You can get the salad. I'll take this thread
When I speak juicy
Shack up on the wrong
See I thought if I start playing us now the logging work come on. Oh, it didn't no
Oh, geez
We got a thousand fifty six folks. I think I could be wrong
I could be wrong about this Chris. I'm trying to get Chris's attention because he's not uh
I think it's hard to think
I know or do you think we can make 1100 by ballgame time by 1250 47 more. I would do that in
47 minutes
Do the math is is it that that's another expression that I hate oh do the math my ass man do the man. I'll go get a cocka later
Really and I know the perfect place to buy one of those
You know what else you can buy there. Well, just forget about it. Well, don't don't answer it. Please please. What please pretty please
Okay
You know actually I think I think this is I don't think I'm gonna read anymore bedtime stories
I mean yeah, what did I read I read well the one about you know the pot for Jesus or whatever was uh
Bung, uh, Bung hits for Jesus
That was good
Right
It was great what he taught you sensational. Yeah, I mean now two or three like that
But I think these great calls today really inspired a hell out of me
I think it's reverse psychology. What's better than this
And then we got I forget what Ellie said, but it must have been really a phenomenal
We had the one good one there. What did you say?
You know, I don't want to say I don't want to make fun because it's a horrible thing. You know old-timers disease
and
But I've been doing this for years and years, but every now and then I get a little bit panicky like I'll get off out of the living room
And I'll go like into the end of my bedroom to get something, you know
Like I'll open up a drawer and I'll think to myself. What did I come in here for you know all the time? Everybody does that
Sure, those are the
Right especially those who are like doing Bung hits for Jesus every minute on the minute
So you have to go back to where you were to remember what it was. Yeah, that's right. You sit down and think uh what or like
The other day yesterday I was in the in Rexall in the drugstore and I walked in it specifically to get something
I thought okay, what did I come in here to get memory pills? I think I need to put a flower and 10 on my head that'll help
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello 49
How you doing? You okay sir?
I've noticed I didn't ask for your work as I knew who was answering the phone. Oh
Congratulations
I always got to be one smart ass in the group. Yeah, there you go and I'm from highly of the book so well
I'm he's perfect listen
You guys are talking about this thing going on with Joe. It wasn't the Joe the other day and
When he said that that red bone nonsense and I you know, he talks I've heard him talk about it
So I thought I just heard him ask some of the the African American black whatever you want to call him
Player you know, yeah, what do you prefer and I never never heard any big deal about it and
This is dude for it's just this is the same lawyer who's being a PIA with everyone else and monitoring everybody's morning show
Yes, including this show for 20 years. Yeah, freaking moron. What are you gonna life and do something
Constructive with it man like put a bullet in this brain or something
Okay, good one five six seven oh five sixty
Good. We ended up at the same time. I'm sure and pound five sixty and leave horizon singular wireless line
Not that that was a setup call or anything like that
1060 man the thousand sixty votes on the pool. We need 40 votes in 44 minutes. Oh easy man easy
Even I can do that trust me what I tell you or not as a case maybe
Trust me when I try to do
But the best is when Frankie Pantangeli was trying to get the band to play some Italian thing remember that he started to
Yankee dude or whatever the way the pie that's right pop goes the weasel very good
I'm gonna have to dig out some of that Frankie Pantangeli again if I could find it
I don't want to play the same stuff again. Huh? That's okay
Frankie you know my father did business with Ivan Roth he was
Your father did business with Ivan Roth he'll follow me
But you father never trust him right and your mom. That's another story so socks and hell
WDQ I am hello
Okay, sir
This weekend I'm peaking my living room and as I was waiting to put a second coat on it
It kind of reminded me of listening to a cane game with shows of gaffy as I was waiting for that
Right, it goes the drive. Uh-huh. Isn't that great?
Yeah, it's the best
Those numbers down to real smaller they're much more manageable when they get under a one you know when you get to have a big
In front of it like point point three and point four stuff like that
Which I'm sure when and Marlon's game comes on at 1250 this afternoon
The dials are gonna be tuning from all over the estate from bureau beach to fort Myers in every place in between baby
106 or let me refresh that thing because I don't want Chris to get all you know that defeatist kind of attitude
Because that thing it gets to be contagious
1065
35 votes in 42 minutes. Can they do it?
Why do I keep playing that cut over and over?
Does it like it?
Now jelly belly nilly is that a song about?
Neil guy. I don't think I ever heard that
jelly belly nilly
She was kind of smelling
Especially if you put jelly on your belly when you're naveled
And busy miss Lizzie
She really
Welcome
All right, they're in lurie. William is a little short-fat fatty come on. Let's play it a hundred times. You're up for the ball
Everybody whistle along
Oh, tell me to cue IA
Hello
Speaking
What let me do a couple of scenes you can share with me what is on
That
Tessio said it
The package and it was a fish in a vest
And he said it's an old-sacidian message it means look at the commensus said it is that it means look at bratsy sleeps with the fish
I look at this here
And commensuses it's an old-sacidian message it means look at bratsy. I don't know who said it and who cares? I think it was testing
Well, let's argue about it. Let's have a big fight about you got it right there. I got what that dropped that line you've been playing it
Look at bratsy sleeps with the fishes. Yeah, you got to be kidding me. Look at bratsy sleeps with the fish. I told you it's commenza
Commenza that's commenza that's commenza. I don't like voice anywhere. It's commenza. It's commenza
Look at bratsy sleeps with the fish. See Tessio opens up the the package so to speak can I say come like this here now the morning that you play it? Yeah
Yeah
Just like jack lemon
Now what which one I don't even know what that drop in is which one the one that took lemon to the button
Oh, play a push the button Maxon. Who do you always say it is? I thought it was keen in my ass
Keenan win my ass. That was the other guy jack lemon. Oh, he was great. Jack. We missed you. Let him allow. Okay. Let's sit shibby for jack lemon
That's the light of your side candle, okay?
probably is unsung heroes of the game. That's the one
You know what I think I'm gonna watch that this one. Oh, let's be your trying to force me to it. No, come on
I want to watch raising your Arizona. I think I don't know what it is. I did you to get you upset
Because no, you know you don't like you never try to talk me to seeing crappy movies a movie it makes fun of these people
You don't understand it didn't hold my attention even for a little second
And I don't know how I lasted watching it for 20 minutes
I only thought if I turn it off in the first five minutes
You're gonna rip me an ass and so's it on every day. Yeah, don't don't do it raising your Arizona
Forget it. You liked that other co-unbrothers movie that I thought was so slow it was almost backwards
I was that that the man who would the quiet man or something like that
Why do you want to be a movie was great? Well, it was a good story but it was like so
So what so does there have does it every movie to be good? Have to be action packed? I mean, I didn't say that take a doggy
I forgot for crying. Oh, I would just come down a little bit was in slow all your hyperbidding lunatics
It's got to have non-stop. I shan't that's what I'm saying at all. Why are you saying that? That's not what I'm saying because I feel like it
Okay, and because it's 12 minutes past noon all right
We did in your segment live within your tank money
For radio five sixty
For those people who say size doesn't matter well it does of course
I'm talking about the new
2007 Lincoln Navigator Al with a hundred and twenty eight cubic feet of cargo space and over 15 inches behind the third row seat
There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying and because of the Lincoln you get the luxury and warranty
You've come to expect recently navigator for only four ninety nine a month for thirty nine months at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury
Deer finds Lincoln Mercury I 75 and Sheridan Street
Being a mom with kids
Carsey and Strollers doesn't mean giving up style
Introducing the new Lincoln MKX with seating for five plenty of storage and panoramic glass roof
My dream of staying stylish is reality
Lisa new MKX really three ninety nine a month for thirty nine months at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury
Punx Lincoln Mercury I 75 and Sheridan Street for these slow customers navigator
I have a down to the payment nineteen four sixty one
MKX for one hundred down to the payment fifteen for thirty one five seven seven two zero four four zero nine
Now for the day big oh here for the finest beer in the business
President a imported beer and listen for years
I've been telling you about my favorite beer
President a the finest beer in the business well now
I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business president a light the tradition continues
President a light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character
It's the way light beer should taste smooth bold and with the character you've come to expect from president
Let's face it folks the beer industry. It's full of water down light beers
But president a light is a full body light beer so on your way home today stop by the supermarket and treat your friends family
And how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business president a light the full body light beer
What an amazing combination the choice is yours
President a and president a light it's the big oh's choice. It's the best choice
President a or president a light bell south small business simplifies your voice data and network experience
So you can stay focused on your business
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company just go with bell south listening answering
Log on to wqm.com to play Hanks pick the police contest
Yeah
It's your chance to win big when eight weeks the winner of the feature race every Friday from Gulf Stream
March he takes pick the police from Gulf Stream
March and four three five sixty until it you're two a.m
Williams and canola commer helps you drive in style celebrate their biggest sale of the year with incredible savings on every new
Cadillac and Hummer right now at Williamson lease a brand new O7 CTS for only three 49 per month or lease a
brand new O7 escalate for only six ninety nine per month with absolutely no money down and during this
Biggest sales of the year you also get to save on every new Hummer and stop right now
Least a brand new O7 Hummer each to for only six forty nine per month or lease a brand new O7 H3 for only three
Fifty nine per month with absolutely no money down and as always you get the Williams in buying experience free
Williams in Cadillac Hummer with a Palmetto be two S1
thirty nine per month lease is required first payment tax tag entitled with the proof credit
Hi, Captain Eddie here for Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union
Some bags aren't you happy to see you especially if you start whining and yelping about high interest rates on loans
So you better leave on over to Eastern Financial where a home or auto long cost less each month because they're not for profit
Not for profit means you pay less each month so if you live in Dave Broward or Palm Beach you can join
Always glad to see you
Equal housing lender join today Eastern Financial Florida Credit Union at you can join dot com
Bell Sound Small Business simplifies your voice data and network experience so you can stay focused on what's important to you
Bell Sound offers the ease of one-stop shopping reliability and stability all on the services your business needs all on one bill with significant savings
You will have the expertise on your side with a Bell Sound Small Business expert
Bell Sound Small Business will work closely with you to quickly create solutions that are right for your small business
Call Bell Sound now at 866-497-SAVE or go to BellSound.com
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company just go with Bell Sound
Listening answering
The biggest name of best talent is the Kenny and Bo Morin show
Don't like
But one nice Italian night
I
Let me ask you this this is supposed to be like a bed. I think so come up this weekend on WQ. I am we have your lender out there
I'm maybe you're supposed to read something oh I last weekend on QM if you missed Q. I am on a weekend
Congratulations, okay, in other words, I have no life. We're coming up this week
We have Marlon's baseball all day. Hey, did you see that story about the duck with four legs? Yeah, that was freaky
What did he call that back to back? I know it's caused by some sort of oh what's it called
It's not genetic. It's
Environmental
No, it's an evolutionary mutation
Wait
I don't know what they call it, but hey do you think it'll make the duck days better?
Oh, not that not that gave me crispy duck again man. Oh
1080 votes on a pool. What did I say to Chris? We got 1100 licked easy man. Oh, yeah
Yeah, see he's oh yeah, yeah, yeah, talk big
Mr. Dowding Thomas
I have a loyal Thomas you're like doubting Thomas
Michael seven we only got like let's see 20 and 32 minutes for your great calls today
Yeah, I think this is the I think we turn the quarter day. I think in in every aspect of my life, you know
That sounds pretty good, doesn't it? Sure, why not you don't believe it?
5 6 7 0 5 60 I do I think I think we finally found that
Well, whatever it is we're looking for what is everybody looking for besides, you know, ask well, what does everybody looking for money?
So and money ask and money Q a.m. Hello. Hey, you got the poll today, huh?
Wtq a.m. Hello
Hello, you yes, sir
Yeah, a couple years ago you guys had a key chain with a sound effect. You guys find I'm doing that in the time soon again. Absolutely not
Absolutely not now. That was great. Why not
What are you? Yeah, how about you doing it?
Okay, okay, yeah, let us know what you got. You know, we'll be able to buy one. Schmuck
We're gonna have phone man. It's not a good sign when we only got the 30 women's to go to a marlin game
Don't tell me they're starting to turn off at noon now just because I keep threatening as marlin's asterose game is coming up at 12
Not a good thing man. Not a good thing to sustain the audience
We should lie a lot say all that game has been cancelled due to lack of interest. Okay
We're gonna continue with your sitillating calls and all this other popo re of swill until until we just run out of material
The many Q a.m. Hello. Hello. Is this no Rogers? Yes, sir. Can I talk to Neil?
Maybe
Is it that when politicians have an elected office or allowed to run for a no?
It's when it's when people like you call ask me stupid questions. That's whatever rates me more than anything in my life
When politicians do that and when when you people grow up already for crying out loud
It's a stupid ass radio show. That's all it is
You people don't want to like take us back to that call up Joyce Kaufman. Okay, but give your her home phone number
God are you people boring man
56705 60 pound fine. Of course he starts out with a is this the arises?
Can I talk to any like he's very clever and very funny?
He got to be on the morning show man
Get that a furious hysterical life who they get going. Oh my god
Everybody is sitting around just peeing their pants like oh did you hear that? Holy cow
And I keep wondering what what did I miss?
I'm just a phenomenal spectacular
Man when she comes up for oxygen there's really it almost throws me you know it almost
1086 out of pole
1086 I think about a 86 to hold and thing of 1215. What are you saying? Oh?
21 past noon a QM don't forget Hank will be on after the ball game
Which we are following marlin's exhibition baseball like following six years of dead air
But hello the best you can any can't seven o'clock tonight bet on it people are ice hole coming this Christmas from
Bogus industries. It's the I can drive like Rick Sanchez or game
It's a real life action adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board
Start begins at Concession and a of Joe the stadium
Where each contestant has to drink himself to oblivion or get the highest blood out the hall level first
Heels on to level number two
One down for the street and the hall has home section of the game
The game police double and the player has come up with a different excuse to go home and get his license
There it's off to the final leg of the board game higher in a journey go to court and whoever gets off with the easiest sentence wins
It's ours or fun for the whole family
The I can drive like Rick Sanchez for game
Okay 1227 or only 23 minutes away from that Marlin pregame
We love the Marlin's first thing when they play the day 10 we get off early
like Thursday
If you tune in late George and I both this morning we just were a little behind the old eight ball
Yeah, they say there's another stupid expression to late and yeah, and neither one of us had look at the schedule closely enough
One thing I've learned today never like gloss over the schedule like grab here grab it and like pull over and stick your nose right into it and the schedule too
And low and behold Marlins in the Astros at 1250
And we both want oh do you want a shame we have to leave our friends early
Oh no
And everybody's gonna be tuning out early and we're gonna start with a fallout from that when the numbers come out and then people are gonna say
Oh gee, you know the mighty neo-rogying wow that's okay the check still clear
108 7 1087 on the pool we know no sweat on they'd love an hundred
See I shouldn't say that because then they're like what they'll do is then they'll start coming in by the ones
Yeah, see there's another one 1088
I don't like that. I like when they come in in big chunks with chunks so big you can almost smell them. Oh
Naga
Like the guy says nagga nagga nagga and then what he says nagga snagga snagga snagga snagga
Nathas yes
Over the last 10 years what is QM's best morning show
1080 the 1080 votes they all sucked 243 that is a
Screaming indictment screamers indictment
243 22.3% so they all sucked
Howard Stern 206 even with all the holes in that show he was like a Dan Crolyon with a with shot him
five times
Oh, we got that. Yes, you do
Yeah, but what is it under what did I put it under I don't know maybe bad news for me. Oh here it is
Shot and he's still alive bad news bad luck for me
Oh, I'm bad luck for you if you don't make that deal
264 Howard Spurham for Rouse got 154 Scott for well
Yeah, let's bring those two back and see if we can't lose whatever little remnants we have
The second first team default your Rosengeldi 145 the original first team 118
Which Chris and sister was Dave Lamont and the farting man and Jimmy Sivilis
That's probably why they had to take Dave Lamont off here because he farts a lot
I know that because I did you in baseball with him that one season
You know he was the color guy and the uh, I don't think he was like the Redbone guy the color guy
And he kept farting real bad, you know and and and in a food with a back at martylie stated in the best of rumours all in sausages
You know they're cooking on a grill outside there
You know what I'm saying Chris you ever been to you in baseball again? No, I haven't oh well like what what what am I asking you for
The original first team 118 and wherever was on it. Hank 85. I hate this full 69 6.3 percent
That's not too bad. It's a nice come back off your Friday performance when you folks are in a real sour mood
What do you like best better sour door sour mood moan gildi a very very extremely week 35
Extremely weak
Oh
Kenny and bow talking about week only 19 but they are edging out at least default gildi the broad and that other guy
Ron hersy highway 14
Now what was that what was the one I played at the beginning today the QAM what
What is that one called oh morning sickness crew morning sickness
I do think that one might you know in an honor of the poll right there looks like Neil's been at some of that dough you food again
Oh
Did anything for tharned carolin?
Welcome back to the morning sickness crew
We still we talk about sports at a rapid pace
The poll no first after here
Hey, you think that's good when I was at the track last night a horse. I bet on was so slow that jockey kept at diary
Oh
Was that carolin about the girl it was raped in the hurry canes locker room. Oh, yeah
And thanks for making the studio smell better duts. Okay. We got let's read comics on the line. Hi
You know that's
What did he say
I
But now
You know
Thank you for your call
Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit right here of you Goldie horn. So that Goldie
That you Goldie
So
Goldie what you would take on college at the leads who aspire to play smear the queer
Hey, you got something against playing that
Yeah
I take a bridge to what you said about grab soccer
How
Like a real ice queen if you ask me
Well, let's not get into that. Oh look. We got the guy with the eyes for the third time today. Hi, you can
Thank you for your cool think this more fun and put your balls off with a serrated scissors
If you think that's good we got 1100 votes out of four 1100 even 11. Oh, oh, oh, man
One more what more could you want right?
Right on I tell you what we could want because we got 17 minutes to kill here until I pregame show is maybe a caller to on here
Man looking really deadly. Yep. A call
I see I see a call, but you know, I know how short that's gonna be
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular right on the line
I mean, let's wrap it up today with a really good runner call here now. Do you think
WQ I am hello
Joe Rose
5 6 7 come on you can do it. I don't see much going on and that's not a very good sign
It's a very negative sign to me not that I'm a panic kind of guy, you know
Com cool collected at all times. That's me
Like that, you know
WQ I am hello
I love still got I love yeah, okay good. I hope you I love with him. Okay, you know that is that's Robert Grieper
Robert Creeper the Green Reaper the Lord of the board
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
That was Joe Rose by the way do that last one
WQ I am hello
Q I am hey, how you doing, Neil okay sir? Hey music last year. I don't know if you guys did it or if it was part of the mile and space bar
You guys have a the pregame started out with like a judge band a swing band
A big band kind of sound
Was that you guys playing that or was that all right? Hello, are you kidding me jazz?
Yeah, it was like maybe like you know a 10 piece you know like you hear a college jazz band without the horn
Yeah, they're crazy person or what 10 piece my ass
I thought it was a big band sound. I mean this guy nuts. There we go. That's my speed baby
1958 that's
1958 50
He said what else here's what he was it was at co-records the yellow and white label and it was very women's and short-back
I'm just gonna keep what I'm gonna do is just do talk-ups
I've got your Ricky Tiki show would even tip his cap to me. I'm not gonna play the music
I'm just gonna do a whole show every day and just do talk-ups for four hours
I
There you go talk it up
Forts
All right step that Jim McKay
Okay, that's enough. Is he dead by the way? Okay
Chris
No, it is Jim McKay is he dead dead or alive and Jim McKay
The agony and of the ecstasy of agony and the whatever however that goes, huh the ecstasy of a motionist and
The agony of a BS
The agony of Joe Rose for Joe, you know better him than me no more
Yeah, at least I get a little rest now for while now they can pick on Joe Rose the local the local sensorial board
Which consists of one person of course
We play the live I beg your pardon looks like he's still alive
Jim McKay my and I I bet you if you saw him you wouldn't say that
Because he's got to be at least 120 now and if you saw him on TV you'd say oh, I don't think he looks like he's still alive
Maybe on the men maybe online it looks like he you know
But he don't look like he's still alive 85
He's one he's eighty five so peppered like 1921 that inspires me man when I when I see that a guy like him
If 85 that means I got at least 21 years to go can you imagine how much aggravation I can dispense to in 21 years
Oh here we go
This is pretty
On Shibishe
There's definitely one from Fox
So long is that the CBS ones I don't know it sounds like we're going into the Coliseum
I'm gonna see some persons to the lion's baby at the Coliseum in aroma
And then we're gonna go to my favorite craft of here and then when you enroll in the do the romance is this really pretty exciting music
Yeah, it's not like something exciting is gonna happen afterwards. Yeah
I don't know
Now we're talking back that that that that much and I said ball you better baby
My naffable ball you're gonna give me a ball give me a ball give me a big skin. Okay, that's enough
23 till 11 we got tomorrow and pregame coming up in just 15 minutes man
We got 116 votes on the full things are a okay. Oh, we're fine things are smelling really
mmm
Smelling really strange little rank if you ask me ooh
Hey, speak of that how you doing with the roof right? I don't hear any more complaints
I think they must be done on the roof
They're not here today. Well good
Maybe they're done with that tar maybe situation
Just just an adolescent from all these policies and John McCain said of the other day and some speech
He said something about tar maybe and they said oh not a good idea man. Next thing you're gonna be on the Joe Rocho
What's your address?
What could be more exciting than that golf on a radio? Boeing on a radio start soon back in the day
When someone done us wrong
We didn't take their cry
In Pearl Harbor when the jabs dropped their bombs
Rebound them back and now the Saudis they hit us high and on our cards are little flags ways
Has that Saudi love in retard voice of bombers the wrong way
Oh my god
And our embarrass to be in America
Where they follow those like she
The United States of arrogance
And by worship and family
We they got this country
Have a look towards the darkest days and I
Is to read
I don't want to be a packs of marikans
England
USA
He
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the past
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that
Obviously
And so far to be
At the Russian Correction
And now the barracks to be in America
Where we take triadically
Way the flag in one hand
With our head in the sand
It blindly follow the powers that be
Appathetic
Oh, I'm not out of breath
I'm not out of breath
Watching state from news on a 65-inch screen
Scratcher
Father everything's okay
And all this back to balls man will be in the
USA
Keep you to what you say that
1117 votes on the pool
I mean you were worried about 1100
Are you worried about
Thousands as a matter of fact
Oh Chris was I wasn't
No, because you don't care one way or the other
At least you're honest enough to admit that
You just you're just too indifferent
You know that's right
Totally indifferent about all of these
All of these things
I care about one set of numbers
On the paycheck one and the rated too much though
WQA M hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Is Jim McCain a red mole show
All right Jim
WQA in hello
I think Jim's got schooliosis
QA in
Uh, yeah, did you ever track down a sonic?
Did I ever track it down?
Yeah, it never was
Yeah, friend of mine went there to
Naples this weekend. He said it was great
Yeah, there's no
Down at homestead on us one
There's what there's one down in
Home no, there's not no, there's not
Yeah, no again, there is no sonic
On you are forming homestead
Correct let me say it against the checkers
It's not a sonic
No, no, I'm pretty sure yet
I'm sure how you're like
I want to pay hours of you money
There's no sonic in homestead
Or anywhere within 50 miles of it, okay
All right
Ha ha ha ha
You go down there, okay, Shmedrick?
You go down there yonder and let's check out
But it is in Naples though
So you know if you got yeah a lot of time on your hands today
I'd get on alligator Allie Sally and just sit on over there
Had the Naples or maybe go to Orlando and find one
Or maybe you want to go up to Tampa
Now did we decide that there I know they're in Orlando
Right and probably Tampa I think somebody
I heard it was pretty good too
Is the report I got from my corresponding
Said was pretty damn good
And the pizza joint over there is a little videos
Which is your conical place in Naples
That's pretty interesting
When a bum fork town like Naples
Has places like that
And the brown kind of you see what I'm saying?
I know
It's embarrassing
It's it's pathetic
It is absolutely
Acceptable and
They leave them
And that too is what it is
Now I'm trying to remember the way this thing ends
Because I don't want to like leave a lag
Like a gap at the end of this you know
That would be bad
In fact let me let me just check out how can I do this
I can go can I back it up a little
Because remember the way it ends
Good
Okay now we have I got you covered if it should fall
Shit and now there's no sweatsky okay
All right
According to Gretzky there's no sweatsky
A new needle nose
Noodle nose
Don't be called no uh
That's a tanning guy no noodle nose
Because the nose knows
And you remember what Clemens said okay
Clemens
What do you say
Look at brushes
These little fishes
That sounds like
Clemens says here
Well there's a way to do that
I will bet you
$40,000
$5,000 Sonic burgers against your stupid little ass
I'll bet you there's no chance
Look at brushes
These little fishes
That's the best you can tell us Clemens
That's the best you can tell us Clemens
Look at brushes
These little fishes
You're crazy
I'm telling you
You're crazy person
Should have flipped it online
Oh get away
Hands you on my ass
Look at brushes
These little fishes
Grazzy can you can you tell away
He talks with a thick uh
Oh man
You better know your godfather Mr.
Cause here's your don't
Thanks
Look at brushes
These little fishes
Look at brushes
These little fishes
Maybe you're asking me to
Look at brushes
Look at brushes
These little fishes
She's saying it to you
Brush
These little fishes
Look at brushes
These little fishes
Look at brushes
These little fishes
And so does the audience
Cause we got the marlins in the astros
From Jupiter coming up next
Oh man
Well you can get used to this
You know what
This thing went by like
We're sliding on a downhill slide
Didn't it?
Oh yeah
Kind of like the numbers on this station
1123 man
1123
I used to live at 123
Varena Drive in Rochester, New York
How do you like that?
Is that a memory or what huh?
How many years ago that was
About 30,000 years ago
About 30 man
That's right
123 Varena Drive in Brighton
Not too far from the 12 corners there
I'm on my rabbitling the
Elm whatever the hell I was
Is that of any interest to you
If you're writing like my autobiography
How can you be writing it if it's my auto value
You know where you write it
Near your auto
Oh
Auto
Don't forget hangs come out after the game 80k 7 o'clock tonight
Lots more these great calls tomorrow from 10 to
Lots more like 50,000
Look at brushy sleeves with the fishes
Look at brushy sleeves with the fishes
Look at brushy sleeves with the fishes
Look at brushy sleeves with the fishes
We did it
