The music's expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts that have been out there.
They stop that ring right now, okay? Cut the crap.
The music broadcast has great. It's staff advertisers for agencies.
The biggest names, the best talent.
What do you say, Chris? Can we have a little more anime here so I can hear the damn thing?
So I think Robert's got a screenwriting score.
Hey, Robert, get your pay right here. Right, though, William.
The new QAM.
Miami for the Lutterdale.
What I meant to say was Robert, you fair.
Yeah, that too.
You love acting Canada, you do bastard.
This is I with this news.
Kevin Arral, Schwarzenegger has taken some heat for saying his fanatic immigrants
should avoid Spanish language media as a way to help them learn English.
I want to go from morning to night, work every day, seven days a week to get the message out there
I will go from house to house knocking on doors, talking to families.
Hey, you got the turn off the Spanish television set.
Come on, stop. Turn off the Spanish television set.
What? That's the love of Easter, baby.
Hey, Crabble.
Well, I think the population of South Florida just decreased dramatically, don't you?
Tell them I wanted 560 WK, we're here not for a long time.
What was it that's sunny from the market used to say?
We're here for a long time.
And that's us today. We're not here for a long time today.
Just for a good time.
You know what the good news is? I sound just like me again.
What Tuesday I was really off my feet.
What did you sell it like Tuesday?
Crabble.
Oh, Tuesday when they went home and sick it was good.
Although I was told it was a hell of a good show.
Well good. I'm glad it was.
I don't know what it's compared to what.
Probably it's compared to you.
Now we're even for all that history.
You put me through this.
You did a wonderful job there.
George is the technical genius just asking him.
If you have any problems in your house setting up internet or...
Right.
I can do it completely.
...or TV or anything.
George will come there and like,
did it with all your life for a very reasonable price.
No, he'll do it for free because he's a great guy.
So we got the Marlins and the Pirates weather permitting.
And of course, the pregame will start at 11.30.
It's not 11.35 right, Chris?
No, it's not 11.30.
11.30.
Let me see it again.
11.30.
Let's get it right.
Clarence has...
He's, you know, intellectually challenged as our program director.
And of course, I got the time Jicca article here which little Tommy seems to know a whole bunch of stuff that allegedly is going on.
About how many mistakes can we make and how many mistakes can they make across the street and who's on first and who's getting bounced out.
Defos out over across the street.
And you know, one thing we do know about Defo.
I mean, they'd not be great on the air but he's a really good...
He's good at that.
Him and your good friend Marvin, the raw man.
A guy who couldn't get out of bed in time to show up on time for a 10 o'clock in the morning job.
That's a really tough assignment. You know what Marvin?
It's really clever.
You talked him lately or is he lately?
Yeah.
Like in the last several years.
Maybe several years, yeah.
But really lately, no.
Well, what was the connection?
Because he got...
What was the deal with that?
Did he eventually get canned or did they reassign him to something or when you started?
In fact, you didn't replace him.
Nick Lawrence replaced him, right?
No, I replaced him but then he got a promotion.
Oh, because he was so inept.
That's right.
And was the hard-ass and did a butcher's car in the show.
That's how they get rid of people.
Where did Nick Lawrence come in?
He was there before.
He was there before Marvin.
But Nick Lawrence would do an eight hour board shift for you and Steve Kane in the afternoon.
That's when I started as a part-timer and I trained on both of your shows very briefly.
Well, what about you?
You got credit.
That has to do with your side of the glass over there.
That's right.
And then Nick Lawrence became, you know, the exclusive producer for Steve Kane and Marvin was brought in to be your producer exclusively.
Yeah.
Then it would mean because of Marvin's spectacular performance.
He was promoted off of your show and I replaced him.
Because he was such a whale of a job.
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday and thanks to me, George had a phenomenal result.
Look at that.
The way that thing is floating, there's like a big blob off the coast.
And I think the browner in Palm Beach is going to get most of it.
But there'll be some rain.
So go out to the ballpark.
Somebody's got to go and get soaked.
Take a rubber rain coat, take an umbrella, take a poncho, rubber raft.
I'll never forget at a dolphin game many years ago.
The fat man, fat rich in hour with the game and it was pouring cats and dogs.
Another reason that it's really great to go to these sporting events live.
And it was against San Diego as a matter of fact, against the charges.
What a memory I got.
And so some fans loan the poncho, you know, so I wouldn't get pneumonia.
You know, so because we're out there in the stands and it's pouring cats and dogs during most of the game.
So, you know, I was very grateful and I thanked them like crazy.
But it was one of those real cheap.
It wasn't the money thing that was worth something, you know.
And when the game ended, as we're waddling out, waiting out in the parking lot to try to find fat rich's car,
these guys come racing out, oh, hey Neil, how much you've been to the set, poncho back.
That's right, you thief.
I mean, nothing had a cross to least 50 cents, sure, huh?
Anyway, here's the poll result from yesterday.
Today, George is great, Paul.
And boy, I put him over the top, I've skirted this the day before.
This is a good poll, you don't like it?
It's fine, it's great.
Well, it's your bet.
And when I head on Tuesday, I'll tell you that, that crap about when you're relative's croak, what are they doing?
So, whatever.
That's my favorite because I didn't have to think of it.
Right.
What I hate most about summer is the heat 423.
That's an old drinker, the heat 423.
I thought they played in a winter time.
Neil's part time schedule 284, well, I would hardly disagree with that.
In fact, I got an hour and a half, I got an hour and a 24 minutes today to 1130.
Yeah, a toilet to break a sweat, would you?
Yeah, break this.
Hurricane season 238, I love summer 146 while I love a two.
And of course, this schedule is part of that.
That's my motto, more pay less work.
Everybody I've said, you'd be doing yourself a real good favor if you were in that lesson.
Lot more pay and a lot less work.
Lots of vacation and things like that.
All that end kids out of school 102.
No sports except baseball, 53.
And we know how boring baseball is.
Don't forget that Marlon Pirates game.
They're going to have a whale of a crowd between the weather and the fact that it's a noon game,
12-05 start on a Thursday afternoon.
See, they keep trying to dilute themselves, I guess.
Chris, wouldn't you think this is because the pirates are going to have like a travel thing or something?
That's what I'm guessing, yeah, I didn't see who they're going to have to do with the West Coast or something like that.
Because the Marlon's ain't going nowhere.
They got the braids coming in this weekend.
Looks like to me on the schedule.
Anyway, no sports except baseball, 53.
And what's life without sports?
The afternoon's storm is 39.
We'll have some of those today, at least, too.
Well, the sun is shining here, ain't no storms here.
It's just beautiful.
Wow, it's lovely.
And family vacations are already 7.
I guess it can be a real pain in the ass, depending on, you know, kind of people in your family.
If your family are a bunch of slime balls, then who wants to go on vacation with them?
Here's today's pool.
And we're not going to get no thousand today.
Now, this is one that just, I don't know what to say about it, but I just made it up.
It's okay.
It's timely.
The Paris Hilton story, blank.
629 vote.
We might line up with a thousand by, I mean, eventually we will.
633.
You see they're coming in big chunks.
I mean, if we could get to a thousand by a lot of 30, that would mean we'd have this huge audience,
which once upon a time we did.
Remember those days, George?
What?
Who?
That was a long time ago.
And also the good news is that the River House in Fort Lauderdale is doing our 50% off deal,
starting at noon today on wdqm.com.
And so as a result, they're coming in 1030 with food for you guys.
I'll keep you posted.
We're duff's working on getting the store open a little bit earlier so that it's, you know, more in common with the show.
Right.
But I'll let you know.
Let me know.
Yeah.
And I don't know if I talked with you about this because you were out sick on Tuesday.
You know, it's the food that's coming in today and George is as fine as one.
Although he was, you know, yesterday I wasn't really sure whether you'd be in because we were,
we were deliberating about that for the ass end of the show on Tuesday.
What the guys would do if you didn't want to.
And I told him, don't call me.
Right.
Don't call me.
Forget about it.
I mean, you know, I'm a trooper and I like to be a game player and all other team player.
I want one of those tapes that are all crazy about that.
Look how many of the old tapes about alien, little alien hero and is a happy meal and stuff like that.
And just, you know, try to keep up with the dump button there.
Anyways, so I was telling you about that diabetic neuropathy, you know,
which after I had lunch yesterday, I had a little bit of that again.
Yeah.
And then went away again by hour before that's a scary thing.
Talk about a wake up call.
So you can talk about ice cream and all kinds of crappy food.
Anything you want as long as you want.
And ain't going to happen.
This is a very narrow.
I am at, well, the narrow part.
Anyway, strict atkins now is I think I've ever been.
There are no refined carbs going to pass my mouth.
It's just big, they kill you.
That's incredible to me.
Yeah, wow.
No, no start.
He's got his own issues.
Okay, according to Tom Jicke.
And Jicke puts it his frame where in his blog story he says,
this closure Goldberg is a casual friend.
Oh, little time you are a real panic, you know.
Goldberg is a casual friend.
I mean, just, does anybody believe casual is the appropriate word?
And they want to think about Tom Jicke.
He's body stupid.
639 votes.
The Paris Holt and Story proves most people are morons to 88.
Proves the media is insane 279.
In fact, I think a good way to describe that.
The media is sick and you talk badly.
279, those between those two they got 78% of vote.
Yeah, the Paris Holt and Story is pondered with 53.
It's interesting, 11, and it is very important.
We important, they ate.
Now, granted, I did create this poll and I put those choices on there.
But why would it be very important?
Can anybody answer that?
Nope.
More important, they're eight.
Well, you know, since they are comedy votes.
And I feel so much better since we don't do that.
I hate this poll anymore.
Remember those two?
Yeah.
I hate that question.
I'm bad at it.
And I hate it.
Yeah, it was my bad.
I will fess up to having done that really badly.
But I was bad news.
I hate this poll.
It's just an outlet for a bunch of mouth contents.
By the way, nice hearing from my buddy Mike from FSU finally.
Mike is one of those guys.
But you always tell me this.
That he always responds to my emails on my space thing.
But, you know, he's, first of all, he's like 21.
He's a college student.
He's a young guy.
He's getting a lot of action, as you can imagine.
And he's not going to sit on there and write long stuff back and forth.
You know, like a regular whatever.
Like my really, really loyal correspondence out there, which you know who they are.
But anyway, he's so anyway, I got a nice message from him this morning.
He's, and he went to where I did his study in London for a few weeks.
He never made it to Amsterdam.
Oh.
And never got to poop in his pants in Amsterdam either.
Which I think, you know, I think everybody in their lifetime.
And of course, there are a lot of reasons when you're in Amsterdam to poop in your pan.
Yeah, I heard that story.
He said his friends went over there and told him it was a really strange city,
which I would agree with that.
And also that the food was great.
Which means they must have been extra hungry.
And one can only imagine why they were extra hungry.
You would understand that.
Ah, ah, ah.
Yeah.
Anyway, 12 minutes after 10, we better talk fast because we're out of here at 1130 sharp.
Better come up with some music to go into the Volgae music.
Yeah, we'll even get that whole line.
Well, also, you know, with the crap they gave me Tuesday, Miguel and Chris.
And I was shocked because I played it twice and there's, oh, no, nobody wants to do that anymore.
Oh, the reader book thing.
Yeah.
Now, you would agree with it because they said you would be like,
Well, when I came in, I got an earful.
See, I was on vacation and everything and I came back and I was going to read it.
And everybody just like body tackled me like, don't you don't, you're not going to believe how many times they'll
played it while you were gone.
Just stop.
Stop already.
All right.
I'm not tired of it.
But yeah, okay.
So there you go.
Okay.
Well, I only played four times between 9 and 1130.
No problem.
And then we should be right up to the Volgae.
12 minutes after 10 at 560, WNG, we got the Amarling and Pirates game at 1130 pregame.
Curtis is on after the baseball game.
Humber is at the NBA drag preview four o'clock.
Or all of it says, that's the NBA drag preview show, I guess, because they're not going to be at the AAA.
Correct.
Is that correct, Chris?
Correct.
Whatever.
The Humber is on 4 to 7.
Three solid hours for the Humber.
That's good.
Work off some of the calories.
Miami Dolphins all access 79 and 88 game night 9 to 1 tonight.
That's our award-winning schedule.
This is the most disgusting program.
Yeah.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Absolutely.
Ow!
Oh, man.
Why do you mind?
Let's hit this hard to pay tonight.
Driven by silk painting.
Oh, my woman here.
Here's the goal of Mitchell's head.
I will die here.
Let's show you the world.
Who's the boss of the beer.
I turn in everybody.
We're in the middle of the night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm looking at this Miami radar.
And there's this huge yellows and reds and dark greens and blues.
And it, but it's, it's kind of like going in a Northwesternly.
It's offshore.
Most of it.
I mean, is it raining there right now or you're sitting in the station?
I don't know.
Well, I mean, it could be, it could be, it could be hailing.
It could be raining balls of fire.
Maybe it is raining balls.
Oh, boy.
Lothballs.
Open wide.
Anyway, it looks to me like they'll be just fine.
And of course, I wouldn't pay any attention that because I couldn't care less.
Not that I'm not sympathetic to all you poor bastards are going to get like drenched.
But it's just, you know, we got to get that ball game in.
We love the marlins when they play early and especially today.
I think this is like one of maybe only two that they do this all year.
Would they start like a 1205 and nobody has any idea why.
But I still think it's a pirate's travel day.
Maybe there'll be a bananza.
Maybe it'll be like a 19 inning, you know, extra inning game.
Mm-hmm.
Go on until midnight.
Well, screw the pirates anyway.
What a horseball franchise that is.
You know, even though we try to avoid sports like poison on this show as much as we can,
I don't know if we ever did that.
The worst sports franchise in America today is.
Or the most pointless, you know, I don't know how you would phrase that.
You know what I mean?
Chris, most pathetic?
The most pathetic sports franchise.
That's good.
Pathetic.
There's one for you, George.
Oh, yeah.
Let me wrap this up around that.
Yeah.
The Paris Hilton story is we have 685.
I wouldn't be surprised if by the bottom of the air we get to 700.
I think we're in a shock America today, because we only got an hour and nine minutes to go.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
The Paris Hilton story proves most people are morons 311.
Proves the media is insane.
302.
I'm just wondering how come I'm on the city pulsar and not on CNN.
Is there any special reason?
Maybe because I'm a word they're going to put Ricky Tickey santa's on here.
Oh, just in, Supreme Court limits use of race to decide public school assignments.
Oh, that's a racial thing.
We don't want to start with no racial thing, because both campers might be listening.
And he'll come back on here next week, assuming he's back on here next week.
He'll say, you know, Clinton, I said, you know, cool or something on here.
Paris Hilton proves most people are morons 311.
Proves the media is insane.
302 is ponderous 54.
Oh, that's the understatement of the century.
It's interesting 11.
Oh, there's a story about me bald and beautiful.
There's the American eagle.
Isn't that cute?
And it's very important.
How come that eagle, that bird is so tame?
Can you really domesticate like wild birds like that?
Domesticate might not be the right word, but you can get them used to you.
Oh, especially if you feed them a lot of crap.
Yes.
Is interesting 11 and is more important to eight, still the same idiots.
We're just trying to be wise guys.
We don't understand.
They saw Jackass too.
Oh, it by the way, before I get into this jicke thing,
guess what movie?
Thanks to the chicken egg, although the disc again this week was extremely lame.
But nevertheless, that one I just played that gay bomb.
That's it.
But he's, you know, he's undergoing a lot of, I talked with the jolly joe bell about him the other day.
And jolly joe says, oh, there's another check for him just came in and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I said, just take care of him when you're okay and get him off my back.
You, whatever Hank said about you was right, Joe.
That's what I said.
But anyway, so guess what I watched yesterday afternoon?
Sick argument.
Well, why don't you got it right?
Well, since I sent both of them to you, I didn't get to sicko yet.
I want to say it.
It'll make you sick.
I'll tell you one thing, James Franco is sure look good in there.
I'll say it in a very minute.
Remember all the controversy?
Everybody said that it sucked and I said it was just fine so now you can decide.
It sucked.
Okay.
It sucked lemons.
It was bad.
It was way, way too long.
Okay.
All those special effects, especially in the beginning, was that the one with the Sandman or was that the one?
I don't even remember.
But anyway, it was just too much.
I mean, you could see it was going on.
I've always been a complain.
What?
Too much in a movie.
Yeah, that's going to bother me.
You know, whatever you had on Tuesday, yeah, I know, I know.
It's going to come back.
Hopefully tomorrow.
So I don't have to work.
Oh, well, good luck.
Chris and Chris and Miguel are going to film the movie.
Every day weekend.
I'm sure they will.
It sucked.
It was just, all right.
It just, I mean, I never got you it, by the way.
Never watched it.
Really long.
Now your friend is quite heroic towards the end there.
Oh, is it really a lot of nature?
I don't really care how I wrote it.
James Franco, you mean my friend?
Yeah, yeah.
You're both.
I mean, how looking young guy, that's my friend.
I only wish.
It sounds like a plan to me.
Hey, give me.
Special friend.
My most special friend.
Yeah, he looked really good.
The reason I say that is because I've said this before too.
He's one of those guys.
Like, I'm interested and as old.
He looked really good in that movie too.
And then sometimes he's in movies and looks like crap.
Well, I guess they run out of makeup or something.
Low budget.
So here's this email I got yesterday from one of our regular
Ojón provocateurs out there.
It says, welcome back from vacation.
Hope you had a good time.
Yeah, I had a good time except I pooped my pants.
The reviews on Phil Henry's news show are overwhelmingly negative.
Are you sure?
He's doing straight political talk.
His show is on from 1 to 4 a.m. Eastern time.
And W.I.N.Z is airing a delayed from three to six in the morning.
Oh my God.
There are rumors that ManTalk's six, four, he's also negotiating to get him.
Wow.
Won't that be a further than their cap?
They can improve on that point.
Oh, oh, oh.
He has very few stations nationwide in W.I.N.Z.
The only major station to get him.
I.N.Z is still a major station.
It was a long time ago.
Anyway, it says, have you seen Jicke's blog from today?
It's just in case here it is.
And you know what I did?
Although I printed this out and it came out fine.
But I was going to go to the Sun Sentinel and find Jicke's blog.
I can't even find where it is.
I looked under all Jicke's articles and whatever.
I couldn't find it.
So thanks very much to whoever this mysterious, so this is the palm tree guy.
You know the Miami palm tree guy.
So after the break, I'll read the Jicke's piece and it'll be time for the ball game.
And be time to check the weather.
I think one of you during the break should go and look out the window.
I don't think probably.
Huh?
Okay.
I don't think Chris is there.
Are you going to do it or is your...
I'll do it.
Chris will do it.
He needs the exercise.
We got 700 votes.
What did I tell you by the bottom of the arm?
Man, I am amazing.
I'm just asking.
You don't have a little bit of that flame left over from Amstu there.
I think it's flame.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQA.
I'm a last birthday.
Oh my god.
Daddy bought me a doll.
And he told me to play.
I wonder what.
Daddy said, if you knew I got 69 emails today,
but my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name, my name.
I got out of prison, oh in 1982.
I was called at the playground with a kid or two.
Now I use the next email them today.
And tomorrow I'm wet because her name, her age, her face is posted on my face.
My face.
Hey baby, you know you're really mature for your age.
How about we meet in person?
Get off this silly chat.
I'll bring you beer and I'm supposed to.
Well now, I don't tell your mom I'm a little bit of man to stand your knees.
I tell you what they love, love, will get dead.
You got a rude party smile, you know that?
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
Let me tap them all.
Oh, me and the video shop.
Well just don't tell your folks.
And just ask them don't tell the cops.
Whoa.
He said I'm one and a man.
That's right.
All he said was I was pregnant and fell.
That's me.
My age, my face, my face.
My face.
My face.
He's got a lot of money left and all the long places.
He's not in now.
He didn't know I wore a bracelet.
I suppose all the right places I guess.
10, 33, 24, I'm a better talk fast.
We got that vlog and I'm here in the Neko now.
Bad.
What's that all about?
You don't hear that?
No.
Yeah, I'm getting an echo back from you guys.
Real bad.
I don't have the stint turned up real like a man.
Well, we've been fiddling.
Well, whatever you've fiddled man, oh there it is.
The echo went away.
Somewhat, it's still there a little bit.
Although I like that.
It's like reverb.
Okay.
It's like the old days of great radio man.
Reverb like on W-A-B-C.
In places like that, a Kener 13.
Things like that.
Real radio stays.
Why are you doing that?
What?
In addition to all that belonging about it.
So Yelton told me that this thing is clear now?
No.
There's a problem we're going to have to address it after the show with your dump button.
There's a problem with it?
It stays on.
It's like continuously dumping.
So it was happening on the year?
Yeah, so they disconnected the signal coming from you.
Yeah.
Well, what is that?
Okay, yes.
Affirmative.
I, laddie.
How could we even be on the air if that was happening?
Wouldn't the audience be all 10 people out there be having a fit?
I'm sure they are.
Well.
Here's a music for up to the ballgame by the way.
Okay.
I'm not messing around.
I want to hear that.
So anyway, getting back to this fact that I started on.
I don't know how I can afford the luxury of this.
717 votes on the full, by the way, where our goal is what Chris?
A50 by 1130?
Sounds good.
Yeah, no chance.
It says, have you seen jikas blood from today yet?
No, and thank you very much for sending it in.
More shakeups in local sports talk is the headline on Little Tommy's column.
The chaotic state of local sports talk, radius undergoing another upheaval.
Oh my god.
Upheaval.
I was told you during all day on Tuesday.
The echo went away by the way.
Good.
Did you do something?
No.
No, you did.
I thought Yelton said, we're clear now or something like that.
That was a lie.
Why do you lie?
He thought we were at the time, but we're not.
Oh.
Well, how about if I hit the dumb button?
Then I'll just be cool.
No, it won't matter.
Is that a bad idea?
You've been disconnected.
Oh, good.
It says, remember how Michael Conrad used to send out his forces in Hill Street Blues?
Let's do it to them before they do to us.
Laxi, seven-nighter of the ticket, is adopted as strategy with Joe Rose.
The popular former dolphin has steadfastly refused to reveal the station's plans
when his contract runs out of hand to August.
The widely held belief, his roses headed back to WQAM AM 560,
to become the morning drive host, his role at the ticket.
That would sound like Kenny and Boar toast.
Oh.
So effective July 9.
The ticket is moving Sid Rose and Virgo to morning drive from 5.39 AM.
What a way to wake up that would be, huh?
Oh my god.
Isn't that what you want here first thing in the morning, a summer loud obnoxious New Yorker?
Oh boy.
Rose now works 7 to 10 AM.
How do boy Tom?
The idea is to get listeners out of the habit of listening to roses on the drive to work just in case wink wink.
He's really moving to WQAM.
Oh, wouldn't that be something if he was?
The working blueprint, everything in local sports talk is done on etch-a-sketch.
Has Rose working 9 AM to noon and Boob Shombie sliding back to noon to 2?
I thought Boob Shombie was leaving.
Over there.
That's what I heard.
Jason Jackson will work 2 to 4 followed by Dan LaBanstered in his normal 4 to 7 p.m. slot.
Who are these people?
Jeff DeForest, now on 5 to 7 AM, is the odd man out.
Boy, you're writing both parts on that little Tommy.
He's odd and he's odd.
He, you know, Steve Nichol destroyed him.
Remember my saying that and I would, it's true.
I thought he was ever great.
But he was, you know, he was listenable and he was all right.
He, you know.
But once Steve Nichol got him and doing all that corn ball stuff, boy.
He just became unlistenable.
DeForest.
And even when you look at all the angst that we went through and there were all those rumors
we were going to bring him back, we wouldn't bring him back if he paid us to work here.
I don't want you to feel bad about it.
DeForest is the way it is.
Coincidentally, Rose and DeForest used to host WQM's Morning Drive program with Steve Goldstein,
whose talk show future is also problematic because the Florida Panthers room he does play by play
will not be back at WQM next season.
No more of those point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
What is it night?
If and when Rose does jump back to WQM, he will again work 7 to 10 a.m.
However, the hefty salaries expected the command to result in another shakeup with Hank Goldberg.
Hey, stupid.
A fixture would look, let me hear that again.
Hey, stupid.
Did that sound right to you?
Hey, hey, stupid.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, stupid.
With Hank Goldberg, a fixture in local sports talk for a court of a century named National
Unknown Personality from his work on ESPN, possibly leading the station.
They're going to bump the hump.
Or Goldberg's contract runs out the end of the WQM and QAM, whose budget is strained by its new
dolphin deal as well as what will have to pay Rose, is trying to lowball him in a new deal.
This closure, Tommy, says Goldberg is a casual friend.
That was fun.
Casual My Ass.
It's easy to lose the station thinking if you can't resign Goldberg.
And then here's the part that just drives me up the wall.
Jim Mandage, who's now in the relatively unimportant 2 to 5 p.m. block, the final hour working with Goldberg,
could move back to the 4 to 7 p.m. drivetime shift and someone at a much lesser and someone at a much lesser salary than Goldberg could be plugged into 4 to 7.
The savings might even pay for Rose.
You know, they move Mad Dog back where he belonged at 2 o'clock, where he did great all that time.
And now we're going to do it again and keep moving them around like pieces on the chest board, baby.
Keep moving them around.
When it doubt, move them on out.
God, can you even believe that?
Yeah.
And we discussed this briefly before the show.
Before George let me do all that stuff about the iPod and the iTunes and looney tunes and what.
I know you don't want to comment on that because it's not.
They're the best.
I know I know the Skeldi.
They're the best.
I know the Skeldi was doing live spots this morning out with Kenny.
I mean, he's not even on that show.
Guess again.
Guess again what?
He is on the show?
Is it me?
I mean, he's on the show this week.
He's not like he's pro.
How can he be permanently on the show?
Well, I think he has a standing thing every time he does a show.
He does home lenders or something like that.
No, it's Richard Rubel.
Isn't that Richard Rubel at home?
I don't know.
I'm not doing promotions for anybody else.
We got the main man for Cranow.
I'm going to start promoting other people's sponsors.
Jesus, Chris, are you dumb or what?
I'm sorry, don't answer.
730 on the poll by the way.
Now what's this thing?
Oh, the story is open now.
Thank goodness for the new River House.
The half-off certificates on there at wqm.com.
So you better grab those now because those are going to go really fast.
We're having all of these things that you see listed there.
Oh, look at that menu.
Basil, Fed, California, Escargot, Pot Pie, shaved yellow, Fintuna,
Sicilian shrimp, shrimp, Sicilian.
Panflash, dayboats, e-scalops, Oak grilled beef, tenderloin.
And you have all of this?
And then look at the desserts.
Linser, tort, chocolate, pyramid.
Layers of flavored chocolate, Nuget and cherry.
And the River House carrot cake.
Mmm.
Anyway, River House is at 301 South Dakota.
That's what's 301 South Dakota.
And for a lot of people, anybody who doesn't know where the River House is,
has never been out of their home, I guess.
Legendary.
Not as legendary as I am, but then again, who is?
So the store is open at wqm.com and you can hop those up right now.
How many we got?
Do we have 100?
Yeah.
We do.
You did great last week.
Well, I tell you, what was it the last week?
The fish house.
Blue moon.
Yeah.
Blue moon.
And those things went out like Halavai in Tel Aviv, man.
Anyway, how fast?
And you can say Paris Holtens is a slut.
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM.
And the Roger.
Huh?
Your job's grab authority.
560 WQM presents the Hank and Joel's MacDowls.
MacDowls.
MacDowls.
And this one, uh, Joel's a deadly spell.
And this one, uh, Hank wears my cheddar cheese.
Cheese makes me feel better.
Oh, boy.
Hey, your mother f***er.
Stupid.
You dumb mother f***er.
You know, wait a minute.
Am I, as you understand, that the mother f***er that you're referring to is me?
That's right.
Oh, well, I don't have to take that from you.
Now you just stand right there while I straighten my tie.
Yeah, you got any idea what would happen if I closed my fat ass?
No, you tell.
I'd break your tongue.
You have fat banjo strum and brown.
I love and heck.
Who's calling me fat?
You and Bruce Beasley should have f***ed babies together.
What seems to be the problem with you?
Maybe there's something I won't do about it?
I'm cold.
So turn to thermostatic.
That's your job.
Do, boy.
Do, boy.
That's right.
Do as I say.
I'm cold.
Where are sweater?
You're not cold.
I'm cold.
I'll punch you.
Go ahead, throw your best shot.
My fist is stuck.
Removia fist from my fat fold.
Try.
And while you're at it, get me a pillow.
You know, I would swear that I just heard the fat jolly joke called Hank Juboy.
Did you guys hear that?
No.
What?
Yeah, you did.
I didn't hear anything.
I'm like Chris heard it.
Did you hear him say that?
Juboy asked toaster if he heard it.
Okay.
752 votes, by the way, we've already sold 19 of those certificates for the River House.
That's pretty exciting to watch that, you know?
Yeah.
15 dollars and if it gets for only 25 bucks, you save half off and you can buy up to five of them.
So if I was used, I'd, you know, I'd get at least a couple of them anyway.
How about you?
No, not me.
Paris Hilton's story, 752 votes proves most people are morons, 343, proves the media is insane,
334, is pondress 55, is interesting, 11, and is more important than we had another one of those now.
Very important story.
You're listening to Neil Rogers.
So before we hit the wrong damn thing that I was bad.
Well, you know, we don't have much time today.
Under a lot of stress, nine out of 752 votes.
What did I say we ought to get by 11, 30, 850?
I don't remember.
Yeah.
And I think we had a practice for going to the Volga University.
Practice makes perfect.
A man who said he would walk with a headache only to finding had been shot in the head, called authorities, he was away.
I can't talk to this story.
This is an important issue.
What word did you say, people in Portia, Lucy?
It's right here.
Oh, man!
God, I love that song. Don't you love that song?
Yes, I do.
Anyway, getting back to this April and Moilin 39,
sleeps with a load of 32 caliber revolver under Pelosi, coupled with over the 30s.
When the burglar went off four o'clock Tuesday morning, we've gone accidentally discharged,
and the bullet hit Michael U. Jean Moilin 45 just behind his ear.
The couple said that they couldn't call 911 because both of them are felons,
and aren't supposed to have a gun.
So they made up the headache story of 30 City yesterday.
Oh, that was creative.
Michael Moilin was recovering Wednesday at a hospital.
His wound was not considered life threatening, currently sent loosely to county sheriff's office.
April Moilin was charged with possession of a firearm by convicted felon,
and was in custody yesterday or bail was set at 75 grand.
Yeah, he woke up with a bad headache.
It's all it was.
754 votes on our world famous poll about Paris Hilton,
which nobody with a brain should waste more than a half a second,
thinking about that needle-nosed helmetless bitch.
Yeah, so she was born into a lot of money.
She inherited a lot of money.
And what else?
Does she look good?
So she made the porno video, big deal, so did Ron Jeremy.
You, and like I said yesterday, when you were out or were Tuesday,
she at least she looks better than him.
Been met again so it was my ass.
Speaking of my ass, three former leaders of a ministry that counsels gazed
to change their sexual orientation apologized,
saying that although they acted sincerely,
their message could have caused isolation, shame, and fear.
All of these things.
The former leaders of the Inter-Nomodational Christian Organization,
Exodus International, said yesterday they'd become disillusioned
with promoting gay conversion.
It's kind of like converting black people to being white.
You know, a lot of bleeds can't hurt, but I don't think it's the job done.
Some will hurt our message, we're compelled to try to change it.
Integral part of themselves bringing harm to themselves and their families.
The three said, and they statement released outside the L.A. gay and lesbian center.
The statement was from former Exodus co-founder Michael Bussey.
You know, let me just inter-work the story.
We don't really need this duck button here.
Can I just take the button right out of here?
You could.
Because I can tell you guys to do it.
We got a whole bunch of time in here.
Not like some of us don't know when and, you know, why we should be pressing that button.
So in other words, the final decision is in my hands.
That's not the way it works at all.
So what I'm saying, I know when to dump something.
Yeah, but you're not always there.
What if you're not there like on Tuesday?
You think me go, those when to dump something?
Good luck to you.
You know, to speak English for Christ's sake.
Yes.
Those when to dump it.
Don't you, Chris?
I admit Chris has dumped a few in his time.
Correct.
When you eat that much, you had a few dumps in your lifetime.
Believe you me.
But I was made it to the bathroom.
At least you weren't wearing your pants at the time.
At least not, you know, I'll buckle up.
The statement was from former co-exodus co-founder Michael Bussey.
I wonder if he's kind of the great harness driver Don Bussey.
Or Gary Bussey.
Or Gary Pussy.
Who left the group in 79 in Jeremy Marx form president of Exodus International in Europe and Darleen Vogel.
The founder of ParaCleat Ministries in Exodus V for Allegiance.
The statement coincided with the opening of Exodus's annual conference, which is being held this weekend,
Concordia University in Irvine, California.
And of course that's named after the great Don Irvine, Jr.
Exodus president Alan Chambers said the ministry's methods have helped many people including himself.
Exodus is here for people who want an alternative to homosexuality Chambers said by phone.
There are thousands of people like me have overcome this.
I think there's room for more than one opinion on the subject and giving people options isn't dangerous, he'd be saying.
You're fair, right.
Founded in 76th-year Orlando based Exodus has grown to include more than 120 ministries in the US and Canada,
and over 150 ministries overseas.
And from what's freedom from homosexuality through prayer, counseling and group group therapy, isn't that wonderful?
The group group, I can't wait.
Hey, maybe if James wants his name, Franco is in the group.
I sure take a group at that, I'll say that.
That will be sucks Spider-Man 3.
Now what about you Chris, you seen it?
I thought it was long, but you know I watched the whole thing.
It was okay, it was just long.
It was okay.
Yeah, but not good.
Correct.
Not nearly as good as the first two.
No, the second one was great.
Second one was sensation.
The second one was the definitive one at the end of that.
That should have made it.
Finito, see some of these guys never know what to quit.
They're making them the dreams that they never know what to quit and then they want to get in can and pan.
I read a lot of the reviews on IMDB after I stopped watching that thing after the first 17 hours of it.
And a lot of people agreed with me that it really sucked.
It was incredible.
I thought it was just fine.
Well, when they ended fine, they closed everything up at the end, they tied everything down, it was just fine.
Okay, good, which means there isn't going to be a Spider-Man 4.
There might be, but with different people and it won't be the same thing.
It's good as he was in the first two and I'm not a fan of his at all.
He gives me shfilquies, but he was horrible in us when he was really bad.
That's just my opinion.
Okay.
Oh, here's that guy.
He's the the dark, conflicted guy.
He's the youngest person to fly solo around the world.
You didn't think he was small enough.
23 years old.
No, I've done it.
Do you think there are other kids out there who feel the same way?
Isn't that great?
I wonder what, I bet you're what's your name would have fallen around the world if she would have survived.
What's her name?
The Died Net Playing Crash in the World?
Jessica.
No, yes.
Child pilot.
Right.
Something, Jessica, something.
Child pilot.
That was always Joe Castillo's favorite.
We were talking about him on Tuesday.
He wouldn't believe what Chris said.
He only was seven when she got dirty.
Was it Jessica?
I don't remember.
Of course it is.
And I can't even see he's been dead a long time now.
Because he was an ego thing for mommy and daddy.
And they did have that big screen TV.
763 on our world famous pool.
We don't have a lot of time here now.
Let me look at that Miami radar.
Okay, it's a good idea.
We're trying to keep you up to date whether to go to the ballpark.
I'd go.
Oh, yeah.
It looks good outside.
Does it look good?
Yeah.
And there's some great clouds, but over the stadium, there's a lot of blue and white clouds.
Yeah, because we're just down the Hershey highway there from the stadium down to Ives-Dury Road.
And so you could you could throw a rock from where you're sitting and probably hit somebody in the ball.
Well, if there was a crowd, which they won't be today.
And then like I said, that thing is spinning around like a dreidel that whole system off the coast.
And it looks like it's going to really get there like north-broward and Palm Beach mostly.
And most of it is avoiding Dave County.
Well, that's because the people in Dave County got really sucked a week or two ago.
And how was that?
Broward didn't give much of anything that day.
I got so confused.
I mean, you're I asked you a question like that and you're the ones that are supposed to be there.
I'm not going to be supposed to be out of touch.
Yeah, you know what scene is here.
And it's like, oh, we don't know.
What does either do this yellowfin tuna meat right now?
Of course, you live in Hollywood anyway.
Chris lives in Dave County though.
That's correct.
How very sad.
You're eating what now?
Dolphin tuna?
Yellowfin tuna.
Yellowfin tuna.
Shave the elephant tuna.
I wonder who shaved the tuna.
And I wonder if they used a bicker.
One of those real fancy ones that courtes.
85 blades.
I'll tell you what sounds really good to me as the Sicilian shrimp.
Mmm.
With peppers, tomatoes, chilies.
I better take a look and see how many of those certificates we have left.
Because I think it would be a real feather in our cap.
If we sold them all out, like in about the next week before the book.
Now, what you do is you go to wqm.com and then on the left side,
where it's got that picture of the pirates winning the game last night.
That's a shame in the 10th inning.
We've already sold the video right.
I want to show my ugly face underneath it says open now.
That's the store.
Okay.
And you click on that experience areas, best businesses that have price.
And look at that.
Only 49 left.
They're going fast.
They're going like, like I said, like hotcakes in North Carolina.
Flapjacks in Louisville.
Well, that's another thing you can't eat when you die better.
Do you realize?
And of course, I have nobody to blame but myself.
And people who are not diabetic, they don't understand it.
They haven't got a clue.
They think it's all a big joke.
Oh, come on.
You have some more than ice cream.
How about some hotcakes?
Like that crap.
And once you, when you first get that diabetic neuropathy for the first time,
hopefully for the last, I hope.
But boy, that's scary stuff.
And if like pins and needles tingling in your hand, in fact, my right hand was like one day,
I had like a frozen finger.
Really?
How to taste?
I don't know, but I know it comes in handy.
Back home.
In some cases, but look.
I could have been proctologist for a day.
I'm always queen for a day.
That's any day.
I could have been proctologist for a day.
So early on 49 left, they're going to go out.
I bet you close to ballgame time, but those river house things are going to be gone.
And you know, it's tough.
How happy.
She is about all this.
She's just happy in a pig and slop.
Yes, he is.
Is she really?
No friends.
Yes, he is.
1057 at 5.
So how's the food?
By the way, what's Chris so much about?
It's great.
You know, if your queen has rupt in me, I'd get some of this down.
You know?
Okay, go ahead.
This is the Neal Roger show.
ストストスト got .2.
This is your queen.
Yes,anie's like this.
Hey, hey, she is too race. She'll be shaking hands around the town.
The white house, she is too vibrant. She is Washington down.
She just wants to be friend with that. The public and she thinks she can be.
But they don't want them on Clinton. On the fence of England, have a history.
11.02.56.2 WQM. Talk real fast because we only have 28 minutes and we're counting baby.
We are counting. 40 certificates for River House at half price. That's pretty good.
Now there is this way when last week, how many did you have last week for the blue moon?
We had 50 of them last week. Like we had 50.
And they sold out fast and you wanted to eat dumplings in Louisiana.
What are dumplings? Are like dumplings like...
It's dough that you put into, yes, exactly. Except with white flour instead of mozzo meal.
Instead of mozzo meal?
Instead of mozzo meal, man. Yeah.
It's like dough. It's like white balls of dough and you dump them into the soup.
White balls of fire? Yeah.
Dumplands? Sounds like redneck food to me. Just like biscuits, baby.
Biscuits and gravy. Oh, man. Maybe that's why rednecks are like how they are.
You know? Too many biscuits and too much gravy. I would like gravy.
I was starting to say about all the different things that I can not eat.
I mean, not never ever again, but I mean for a very long time.
How about escargot?
Why can't I have escargot? You enjoy that right now.
You know I'm having an escargot pot pie.
Well, I could not eat the pot pie part. See?
It's like when you're diabetic and you have any brains and you eat pizza.
You take a fork and eat the toppings.
You eat the pizza. Oh, it's not making me rune.
That's right.
I need to eat the crust because that's where we find carbs are, baby.
That's where the evil doers are in those carbs.
By the way, say basil, fed California escargot pot pie.
They feed it basil with fennel, spinach, and all my cheese,
truffle essence, and pastry topping.
Who the hell say an Andre?
Once you get to the French stuff where you leave me cold, I don't know,
but it's delicious. If it's good, I'll get like the French onion soup.
It's phenomenal. My very favorites.
Do you know anybody who doesn't like that? Not me.
Chris?
No. I mean, the good stuff.
It's like, like, like, like the Gourney Meebord, say,
only if it's the good stuff.
Let me take a look at that thing again.
39, so we only have 39 of those certificates left for the River House.
I've grabbed them right now. I just stop them up.
That's what I would do.
Here's a story that I'm sure warms the cockles of your heart
because you hate them almost as much as I do.
Farmer Orlando, boy band manager, Lou Proman was indicted yesterday
about federal grand jury. I beg your pardon?
I'm sorry right the wrong button.
I think that escargot is starting to get to you.
Lou Perlman was in bed the yesterday by federal grand jury accused of scheming to defraud
federally insured banks out of over a hundred million dollars.
Hey Lou!
You're fairy!
With the five count of debt and change a charged problem with three counts of bank fraud
and single counts of mail and wire fraud and details only twenty million loans from Evansville
and the end of base in Tegrobank.
The bank sued Perlman and his company Transcontinental Airlines in December accusing them of using
bogus accounting documents to secure sixteen million dollars in loans and three million dollars
in credit in September of 2004 and another 952 grand in personal loans in August and September
of last year.
The charges come as Perlman who turned fifty three last week as in the midst of a Transcontinental
trip with US Marshals to be returned to Orlando to face a bank fraud charge.
Deputy US Marshal Eric Thompson supervises in the Orlando office didn't know Perlman's
were about other than to say he was in transit and in a holding facility.
He's holding it.
Wouldn't be the first time.
He's flying the friendly skies courtesy of the US Marshal Thompson said Perlman was arrested
June 15th in Guam after Indonesian authorities netbe agents tracked him to a luxury hotel
on the travel resort of Bali.
All right.
He was deported to a square out of the country on the US bound plane by the same FBI agents
armed with a bank fraud arrest warrant.
His capturant in a nearly five month odyssey that took him halfway around the world by
creditor lawsuits piled up and state and federal probes and was business dealing scheme
momentum.
Luke Perlman always had a feeling about him.
You know, I mean, not a good feeling.
Always had my doubts about that child.
He liked those boy bands.
He had a little bit too much.
You could have thought about that.
I know why I like that.
I like some of them.
Yeah.
He likes them for the same reason.
Yeah, but I think he might have been doing it the way they sound.
I was the only fantasy.
Sounds they make with their mouth.
I don't think those are the kind of sound.
No, those aren't the ones he liked.
I mean, those are the ones we were hearing on the record.
Hey, let's never some pretty good crap.
Don't knock Nicholas Shagun just because he had his ex-wife on your show.
I wish I had a certain thing.
793 votes.
I think I don't know if we're going to get the 850 by the bottom of the yard.
What do you think, Chris?
Yeah, we're going to do it.
850?
Yeah.
As if it makes a big difference.
Let's see.
The store is open now.
Just checking this thing to see how we're doing.
36 left.
NeilRodgers.com.
$50 certificates.
Only 25 bucks at the River House in Fort Lauderdale.
And what are you eating, Chris?
I asked you before.
I didn't really eat.
Beef, tecagloin with made-up cheese and potato thingy.
Mm.
Like I was starting to say, boy, too bad I can't eat anymore.
I think I should just stop eating.
That's a good idea.
I would solve a lot of my problems.
Not that I have any problems.
I'm trying to think, do I have any problems?
Well, the dump button is screwed up.
How the hell could that happen, by the way?
How long was that going on?
Things happen.
Who knows?
I'm trying with my ballpoint pen.
I mean, I pulled it up.
And it wasn't down.
It's not depressed.
I'm depressed that it was screwing things up.
But nobody ain't touching it.
And poor Fixit comes in.
Oh, geez, your dub.
I've got my finger on it, but it ain't the dump button, sweetheart.
So get lost.
I know you're still not invited to come up here.
Good going.
1107, we got the Marlon pregame show.
And I'm looking at that rain on the radar again.
And it's doing just a wonderful thing.
It's going to bypass the stadium because a trillion people
want that ballgame today.
When you think?
I do.
And I know three of them want that.
Bad.
Yes.
And you're listening to him right now.
Time all the time.
Absolutely.
It's been worthwhile to see that your ratings are dying.
And how?
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass hit I was to your hand.
How?
You know, you can fight somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants.
It ain't easy.
Very no chance.
I love it.
Be coming back outside of considering a lucrative and come direct.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted
the ground.
Why that season?
It's true.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
It's a blow.
I'm going to give you a kiss.
I'll give you a round of three shots.
So we got you today.
Is that my ratings that bottomed out in this case?
Which radio have you been calling to?
The biggest of all wars.
And we did.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
Oh, you need a smile.
You have a fight away.
Come on.
You're going to go fire me.
1113-2560, 2017.
And you'll notice, in that Tom Jicke blog story about the changes
is they're coming on this station and across the street and down the road and up the river.
You know who was conspicuously absent?
Because Tom named us about every sports talk person including a few dead people.
But you know who was not on the list?
Dr. Dr. Dr. Right.
Hmm.
Why not?
Either here or across the street or down the road or up your ass.
Why not?
I guess there ain't no interest as what it might be because it's a good thing.
Yeah that might be it.
805 votes on the pool.
We're shooting for whatever we get.
You know?
And I think we, how many certificates we have left for the river house?
That's not third man.
Last time I checked.
Correct.
I think that's a good deal.
I like that.
It was a great idea.
Nice going, Duff.
Yes.
It's a good deal for all those things out there to save some money and do, uh, promote some
really good restaurants and all these things.
Get some food in here.
It's win-win.
We got food near for you guys.
So what's not to like?
Of course, like I said, I can't eat anything anymore.
We got 30 left.
I just checked the beginning.
I'm eating your portion.
Yeah, I bet you are.
You're going to be puking your guts out.
The food I'm sure is great but nevertheless.
Hmm.
I'm not going to go crazy.
I'm going to punish you.
Especially for that crap you said about leisure.
I tunes and what was the other one?
They're the best.
And lime wire.
Mm-hmm.
It's all good.
Guess who died.
Not that anybody cared for.
There's clayboard.
Yeah, you knew that.
Are we supposed to care about that bitch?
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care about your father or dad.
You know, what's the way things are in this business right now
may not be such a bad idea?
Boy, not good.
The US Department of Interior warn Governor Charlie Criz,
that if he doesn't reach a guinea memory the seminal travel
floor, the student of the federal government could get involved.
I know it's just, it's the South Florida way, everything is shared aивают意.
The tribe is argued it's entitled under federal law to have vaguer style slots, also known
as class 3 slots, real slot machines, and it's 7 casinos after voters allow them at
Broward County's 4-per-mutuals, which you're not doing so great by the way, especially
Gulf Stream, is really suck and win.
The Seminoles currently have class 2 slot machines, which are generally viewed as less
lucrative for casinos and certainly less enjoyable for players because it's a bingo 18
under the jean.
I don't even know how that works.
In a June 22nd letter to Christian, Tyrion Secretary, Dirk Kempthorne wrote, he's
been encouraged by the commitment exhibited by both parties to reach a resolution that
would allow the tribe to engage in class 3 gaming.
And if that happens, you know what's going to happen to the parametrials, don't you?
You know what they're going to be saying?
I'm doing it over here.
Kempthorne wrote that, though if Christian Seminoles do not reach an agreement on all our
most of the outstanding issues within the next 60 days, I'll review my options at that
time, as well.
He's starting to like butch up a little bit.
At stake, his millions of dollars of a gaming agreement has reached the stake to get
a cut of the slots revenue.
Well, it's about time.
It's about time we got something out of those engines besides the obtained cancer sticks.
The tribes operate the Seminoles Hard Rock Coachella Casino Complexes near Hollywood and
Tampa, as well as Casinos in or near Hollywood, Coconut Creek, Brighton, Immaculate and Big
Cypress.
I never heard of Brighton Florida, did you?
No.
I mean, I grew up in Brighton, New York near Rochester.
I never heard of Brighton Florida.
This day, see if we're in something on this year or every day and day.
The Federal Interior Department previously said in November 2006 deadline for the state
and tribal negotiated gaming agreement, or else the federal government would establish
guidelines allowing the Seminoles to have the biggest out slots.
If the federal government granted the tribe plans to restlots the state would not get
any cut of the slots revenue.
But the Interior Department didn't follow through on the deadline, prompting the tribe to
file a federal lawsuit to force Kempthorne to issue regulations allowing them to have the
slots that lawsuit is still pending.
Once they get it, what the permutials are going to have to look really bad.
The whole thing was a bad deal.
The way it legislates, you didn't, the permutials get screwed.
But that's why everything works in Florida.
Half-assed.
If you could see the amount of money, I'm always talking about wood buying Wednesday and
wood buying this and wood buying that.
But if you could see the amount of money that, of course, through that joint, like on an
average day, you would just, you would pee in your pants or maybe do something even worse,
you know.
Speaking of me, you think I'd have checked that QAM.com one more time.
If you must.
One more.
It doesn't matter.
I'm getting out of here anyway.
So, 18.
We got only 18 left.
That means we sold 82 in about an hour.
That's pretty good math there.
That's a nice job, if you asked me.
Nice job, Neil.
Thank you.
Excellent job.
Thank you very much.
What's wrong with you, yourself, a little pet on the back?
Especially if you got, like, you know, arthritis stuff like that.
It's a good exercise.
Because in this town, who else is going to give you a pet on the back?
Who's going to say, well, that was really great.
You know, maybe Duff is going to come running and say, boy, you're doing a hell of a job
with that thing today, Neil.
And why not?
Okay.
If you're a legendary, you move crap.
You know what I'm saying?
And this isn't crap.
This is a good deal.
Every Thursday, we feature a business of the week at noon and we started early today
because they have a short show.
We give ourselves kind of a handicraft.
Every Thursday, we open up the online store on wqm.com for whatever our business is
that week.
And they have to act fast because, like we told you, there's only limited number of gift
certificates every week.
Once they're gone, that's it.
They'll be crying on Monday.
Oh, geez.
I want to go to the Rubber House for a half price.
Well, you can do it if you get on there right now.
What do we got?
18 left?
I sound like a freaking pitchman right now.
Well, now what we're supposed to be is a patent.
That's all we are.
Who you kidding?
No, I think the word you're looking for is whore.
I said, I'm the only one in this business who ever admitted on the year where a bunch
of paid whores.
But in my case, a highly paid whore.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
That's even Xavier O'Holm to the...
Oh, I told you that thing where Al Goldstein brought her to that blunch of that Thai
restaurant in Amsterdam.
I guess it was a Chinese restaurant.
Well, anyway, whatever the hell it was, they closed the place down.
He paid for them to close the place down for the entire day.
And just we had a private lunch for Al and 50 of his best...
I'm a fan, as if it was you.
Poor Al.
That was back when he had money.
Back before the government decided to destroy him because he was a pornographer, just
like Larry Flynn.
Hey, Larry.
Oh, geez.
America's not big on things like that.
America wants to like everybody toe the line, you know, toe that line.
Except for Clarence Token Thomas, he's toeing it.
820 votes on the pool.
We're going to be doing OK.
Well, that's pretty impressive, you know.
And we apologize for that ballgame coming up.
What are you going to do?
What can you do?
Baby, only in Miami.
When you go to Mendebroke in Hard Drive, these celebrity exes will help this woman say
those three magic words.
You little bastard.
You son of a bitch.
You're freaking crazy.
You're a friggin' idiot.
That's so sick.
I don't need this crap.
We go.
So go to Jacket.
You are a freak.
Stop.
That's why.
The ex-foyle is flat.
Only on easy.
OK, we've got the ball on free game show coming up in just a couple of minutes.
And we're all sold out.
Guess we're a river-hasted all gone.
In other words, you know how many are left?
In other words, oh, no, man.
They're all gone.
Great job, Neil.
Thank you.
All the world's nice going there.
Never get courtesy of the on after the ballgame.
Humber from 4 to 7 was NBA draft preview.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
And then after that, well.
