I am a bastard!
Now, it will Clinton for P.U.
Good morning.
Allow me to introduce my new business venture,
pardon, Univ.
I don't care what you've done.
Murder, embezzlement.
If you're a cop, be made a woman walk home naked.
If you've got the loot, I'll give the charges
is the Boots!
Oh, yeah!
I'm gonna feed my wife!
Even though I'm no longer the president of the United States,
and I possess no real power, I have found a way
to Jerry Rigg the system.
I stole a diamond from the sales jewelry store.
How much you got?
About a thousand bucks?
Pardon me!
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Hey, I am Bizzle's $600 million for my brokerage firm.
Jackpot!
How much you got?
$10,000?
Pardon me!
Yeah!
I lopped off my husband's willy.
No can do, Mama Sita.
Tried your Kobe and Myers.
Pardon University is not a feeling guilty with any institution of higher learning,
and maybe a legal of most states.
If you've got the bread, the charges are dead!
Yeah!
Pardon me!
Pardon me!
Pardon me!
Pardon me!
Pardon me!
I am about to drop!
Oh, pardon me!
$10,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,500,000,000,000,000,
I think he sounds pretty good.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
I'm too far-lowering to have to be able to do the shopping.
Oh, pardon me.
Beverly Sills is dead though, first before we get into the scooter.
How about we pardon the scooter or a Phil Resue to the scooter?
I don't think he gets a pardon.
I think he goes to death row, the scooter.
Oly cow, Oly cow, I can't even speak.
Beverly Sills, the acclaimed Brooklyn board, Colorado.
Now what, what is a Colorado?
I mean, I know I can read the word, but what does that mean?
That's a problem.
That's a problem.
Okay.
Colorado is a parental.
You see, that's part of that whole scooter-win-electual crap.
Who was more popular with the American public than any opera singer since Enrico Caruso,
even among people who had ever said, food in the opera house, died last night at her home in Manhattan.
She was 78.
The cause was an operable lung cancer.
Miss Sills was America's idea of a primadonna.
Her plane-spoken manner in telegenic finds, telling me to make a regime,
I forgot some other primadonna's in mind.
A genuine celebrity and an inviable advocate for the fine arts, her life embodied an archetypical American,
that's spelled wrong here, by the way.
What is it, New York Times?
Very nice.
Archa Typel, it says here.
American story of humble origins, years of struggle, family tragedy, and artistic triumph, and now she's dead.
Well, Beverly Sills, well, we heard of her, right?
I've heard of her, yes.
But I don't know what a color of her is.
Here's a Paul says, have you seen Zyte guys the movie?
No.
The Herbert says.
You seen it?
Nope.
I never heard of it.
What is it?
Neither.
Well, what is it?
A movie.
But you never heard of it?
Nope.
Well, thanks a lot, Paul.
We'll check it out.
I didn't see it.
Siko?
Siko.
I did not want to say that.
Oh, and I will say this, the first half of it is pretty slow, and it drags, and then the last half is great.
Right.
And the part about Cuba will really infuriate a lot of fun.
I said that.
I said, oh, come east, I see he's going to eat that.
Well, it's a really a sad situation.
It is that embarrassing.
Well, we almost adheres the last part.
Not almost.
It did bring me to tears.
Really?
Last of it, yes it did.
It's hard to ask like you, and we're more you to tears.
You know it, man.
Blubbering like an idiot.
It was part of our fighters in Cuba where we're like going to hide.
I tried even a while ago.
I tried for ourselves.
I tried for us.
Yeah, well that's America for you, baby.
I didn't know what it used to be.
I didn't know whatever it used to be, but whatever it was, it sure ain't any more.
You really mean to tell me you think I can do four hours today with no voice at all.
I mean, Chris is telling me I sound fine, but he told me that last Tuesday too, and I started like crap the first time.
It sounds great.
It's like tack you.
Get out of here.
Rich and creamy.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
If I had to.
Had.
Had.
Had.
Had.
Had.
Had.
Had.
And you know if you go in there and somebody happens to be wearing a nice piece of clothing.
Yep.
And you reach out and you say, oh, can that be felt?
Oh my God.
I have never.
And then they've got the music turned up so loud in there.
You don't know whether to dance or blow your brains out.
You know, it's crazy.
I suggest those things.
I just did their drooling.
Like an old fag.
And a lot of the customers look almost as good or some of the even better than the help.
Well, I thought you've got to look pretty good to get hired in that store.
Good.
Have you ever been in an ever-crombie in bitch?
No, what? Past it.
Go in sometime.
All right.
There's something very good.
There's mail. There's female.
And then there's also...
BAMING!
Right.
That.
Anyway, get back to these recreation facilities.
The best place to meet the attractive people for dating or other social purposes.
Meaning like getting laid.
Come on, Charlie.
Don't say for other social purposes.
I didn't have for getting laid for a platonic relationship.
Yeah, right.
I wouldn't know I don't go out much.
277.
Okay, there you go.
The honest vote.
Health Club 111.
That sounds awfully gay.
Casino 49.
I thought only old farts like me went to the casino.
No, that's...
Well, maybe that's from meeting or dating old farts.
There you go.
Swimming pool 48.
Nudist County or Beach 32.
You know, the nude beach in Hallendale, at least they used to be.
I don't know if it still is.
I've never seen...
I've never seen more ugly people in your life.
And then of course the...
I'm not saying that I never looked because I was there a couple of times checking things out.
And the latches standing in the...
Behind the tree of the binoculars, those are my favorite.
I know.
Desperate.
Just walk through the stairs.
I have no line.
Oh yeah.
Bullying early 29.
Dog Park 24.
Skating Ring 20.
I bet you meet some dogs in the dog park.
I'll guarantee you that.
Skating Ring 20.
Pool Hall 18.
Internet Cafe 12.
Community, I'll tell you one thing.
I'm sitting in Amsterdam, the Internet Cafe on the dam rack.
The easy Internet Cafe.
Oh baby, there are some really fine people in that place.
A wide variety of fine from everywhere, you know.
Community Rec Center 9.
Video Arcade or Game Center 7 for your pedophiles.
Highlight Fronton 6.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
And Race Track 5.
Oh yeah.
Who put those on there?
Charlie B.
Those are his.
He just like saying, Fronton, and I don't blame him.
It rhymes with wonton, which is the same as Crep Los.
And what's the Italian version?
I don't know.
Ravioli.
Okay.
And I guess they do have Ravioli soup.
I guess.
I guess.
Am I right?
I don't know.
You're the one you don't retain.
Well it's all, you know.
I do care.
That's very important.
So at 647 boats on the yesterday's pool, we have 636, they already, 11 more of already,
time what you have yesterday.
But I can't put that on you.
In the same amount of time though.
Well first of all yesterday it was a Monday.
That's in 6 hours we got those boats.
What do you mean by that?
I changed it to 930, you changed it to what?
No, about 6.
Peace would have a better shot in the world if this is also Charlie B.
Give him credit for at least a decent one.
Peace would have a better shot in the world if there were no religions to divide people.
274, that was my vote.
Get rid of that crap.
Get rid of the mumbo jumbo.
I like jumbo but not mumbo jumbo.
How about Dumbo?
Anyway, sickle was great.
You really ought to see it.
So you know, try to stay awake the first half.
What bothers me is it's all, unless you're like an ostrich with your head buried in the sand,
everybody knows the stuff he puts in the first half of the movie, about the Canadian system.
And then the British stuff is free.
And then the first thing.
Yeah.
That was enough to get you pretty aggravated.
And then the Cuba stuff was embarrassing.
That was amazing.
For all Fiddles, evils and all that crap.
And they live longer than Americans.
It's easy to do even in a poor country.
It's easy to do that point.
Keep people alive.
Give them health care.
Peace would have a better shot in the world if all hell were we fool and there will never be such a thing as peace.
You know, you put a choice and it takes five minutes to read Charlie.
Not good.
There will never be such a thing.
250.
That's true.
The US learned to respect other countries, sovereignty 66.
We bombed Iran 21, like John McCain would say.
And he's having a bit of a time raising anymore money, John McCain.
He's almost out of money.
Good.
Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb is asked.
He's an idiot.
Everybody, he's a crazy person.
Everybody could just join hands and start a big love train.
11.
I'm ridiculous, but I do like to saw him.
We could buy the world a coke and keep it company six.
I'd like to buy it.
Now I'd like to teach the world a thing.
Who did that?
Don't tell me.
The seekers.
Okay.
I don't know.
Oh, well, you didn't even know.
People stopped joining the military five.
Yeah, then they wouldn't be killing each other so much.
Except like around the neighborhood, you know, with guns.
And arms dealers were outlawed only three.
Suleimantheid trace.
I'm a 639.
Work care closing in on Charlie Beans very weak total commercial.
Who is that?
You know what?
I don't know.
It's not listed.
Hey, Boca Bryan, who does this?
He's going to send it to me.
Why can't I look it up in the book?
It's pretty.
I'd like to teach the netted.
I'd like to teach the little thing.
I can look it up real quick.
I can't do it.
I can do it.
I'll get there.
Take a time.
We've got four hours to kill.
Oh.
Longer you take.
Unless you have to talk.
So if I had two and a half hours sleep, I'd like to...
I don't think it's in here.
Oh, I'll get by.
I think I'm past eye.
Yeah, it's a march.
I'd like to teach the world a thing.
The new seekers and the hillside singers.
But that's the one you're playing as the new seekers.
Okay.
From 1972.
See, so I said the seekers.
It's the new seekers.
Unless they're confused with a freaking old damn secret.
Come see them off the lot.
Absolutely.
Huh?
I'll boot our red.
I'm horror.
There are results.
What they say.
To get away with having everything their way.
Nobody has attention through their busy little day.
While our leadership has gone insane.
To save until you dollars is what we all paid.
To build a bond that makes your head of these games.
They both own the project when the world got out.
About a bond that turns a fox whole ground.
It comes, it comes.
Throw them all away by making them want.
To blow them all away.
Get from get from.
It's times of war.
You need a different kind of sword.
Get from get from.
Turn the soldiers into fact.
Trading their machine gun for a product.
Back, get from get from.
A manly way to fight.
Let's set this up and make it tonight.
Who's driven by salting all my foes in the air.
The answer goes of Mitchell's head of great idea.
Let's shoot you to the world.
Who's a boss in the air.
I turn in everybody queer.
Game bomb, game bomb.
That's what Mitchell does.
Make them want to prince their hands and save their balls.
Game bomb, game bomb.
What's hard will it do?
If they trouble, game bomb over you.
Then you will see a whole new world.
I am above the law.
10, 19, at 5, 60 WQM.
There's a similar sound after that first little go round.
Not great.
I think it's great.
Yeah, you think it's great because then you don't have to work.
When I came in this morning, I thought I had two hours of sleep and I felt like crap.
If you are a real trooper, you just said, hey listen, go back to sleep.
I'll take care of it.
I'll cover it for a old man if I was a real trooper.
When you have said that, Chris?
Oh yeah, sure.
Not.
Oh, this story, I have there to be real careful because I noticed both campers back that dullard is back in the morning.
Why?
Oh, I know what I was going to talk about before I get to this and it ties it.
It's a perfect tie-in.
Our good close personal friend Miguel Escobar got screwed last weekend.
I'm sure it wouldn't be the first time.
But, you know, they, they have to be big time.
They fired his ass and Friday evening about 8.45 I get a call from Clarence Deerel,
our Makefully program director to give me the bad news.
Well, there's some things that we wanted to do and to go in direction and buy my all this other crap.
The reason that Miguel got came, did you talk about this?
Briefly.
Yeah, I did.
Well, because he wasn't part of Clarence's sports fraternity and also because he's associated with his show.
He did a lot of great things for us on this show.
He filled in just a couple days ago when George was out sick.
Let's mention the Rolly connection.
Everyone is being replaced with someone from Rolly and he's just another one.
Right, that's right.
They got to bring another one of their old cronies from Rolly down here.
Jolly Joe and Miguel called me Friday afternoon to say thanks to for the memories and whatever.
But, you know, and three said he's a good guy.
Yeah, I think part of the problem is he looks too good.
Unless you're really ugly, you can't work in that radio station.
That's how I got the job and George too.
Sure.
And certainly Chris, definitely.
And the Humper?
Oh my God.
And Bo Camper, my goodness.
So, when Missy McGell, you're a good guy and thanks for everything you did.
In fact, if we weren't for him, we wouldn't have the MySpace page.
Right.
1462 friends on there.
I think it's 1463 now.
Who cares?
And last night speaking of Tom and MySpace, a lot of people were having like a green apple quick step.
Another one of those system line figures and the fishing block kept coming up for just about everybody.
You couldn't sand, you couldn't receive, you couldn't add friends, you couldn't do anything.
You couldn't even take a dump because Tom and the system was all screwed up.
Well, the software is messed up, but they corrected it.
It's one thing about MySpace, if you just live long enough, they'll correct their never-ending problems.
They are technically challenged.
Is the best way to put it.
They suck.
678 votes on the full already, George.
And poor Charlie's poor yesterday had a total of what?
647?
So you keep saying you're already like you started at 930.
I beg your pardon?
Well, why do you do that?
You started one last week.
Yeah, just...
The first one I gave you, Chris, remember I gave him the head start and that one, he had like a whole bunch of votes.
Yeah.
We were, which one was?
Yeah.
It was good. It was good, Paul.
I like to watch it develop from the beginning and have the opportunity to put stuff on there and give it a fighting chance.
Get out of here.
Give it a fighting chance like you can't wait to resolve this all of a sudden.
What year did this start that you care about the damn what?
I don't care what the total number of people know.
I know what the pool was when I came most about summer and that was a good pool.
And it wasn't from Charlie Beater by the way.
It was from university died where Bo Camp or used to work.
I guess, is that correct?
Is he in that work there?
I don't know.
I don't know and I don't care.
What I do know is I got to think about him because the next story, the headline says,
Mexican Tycoon overtakes Bill Gates as the world's rich again.
Yeah.
See what I said?
Mexican Tycoon.
What word did you say?
Yeah, that's right.
And of course, Bo Camp will come on the Internet around toast and the group will say,
see, if there are people a lot of be fired in that building, it's not good people like Miguel,
who ought to good people to do a good job and do important things and a whole bunch of different stuff.
No, not them.
Not those are cronies of clearance.
They're never going to get fired because they got the keys to the kingdom because they sleep with the program director.
Use suck clearance.
How do you like that?
You miserable piece of third.
He's on vacation.
He's on vacation.
I don't care.
He still sucks.
In fact, that's probably what he's doing.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates looks to have lost his title as the world's richest man,
toppled from the top spot by the Mexican telecoms Tycoon, Carlos Slim,
who was anything bucked by the way, is a fat-faced bearded guy.
Three months ago, the cigar-chomping Mr. Slim quietly slipped past legendary US investor Warren Bucket
to take second place in the global wealthy.
Aren't you impressed?
Whatever.
Now thanks to a surge in the shares of his American mobile group, Mr. Slim has claimed,
poor position.
According to the Mexican online financial publication,
Jentito, I don't know, it's screw up.
Ordinarily, I can read the commune.
I don't know.
Would that be right?
It's got an assent to over the second hole.
Oh no, it's so, I'm sorry, Santito commune.
It was Santito commune's founder Eduardo Garcia, who highlighted Mr. Slim's rapidly rising wealth in April.
Santito commune, does that mean something or not?
Not to me.
Although it buys calculations of Mexican not only had beaten Mr. Bucket in a well-stakes,
but by then, the edge past Mr. Gates.
V Gates.
Now, however, Mr. Garcia says there is no doubt the little-known Mexican has finally captured
the coveted top slot following a surge in American mobile shares over the second quarter.
This is estimated to have boosted his fortune to an estimated $67.8 billion equivalent to 8% of
Mexico's entire gross domestic product compared with $59.2 billion for your free favorite Bill Gates.
$67.8 billion.
I mean, can anybody even fathom what all that means?
Can you imagine how much fun you could have a wood mine every day with that?
Or, you know, a movie was on again yesterday as a great movie owning a honey with the Phillips Seamworks for its off.
Right.
Towler more.
That's right.
God has said a good movie.
And this is true story and it was right here in Toronto.
I told you about it.
You did tell me, in fact, I think, did you send it to me or what?
Possibly.
I'm not sure.
But I told you about it.
It was running around on cable.
And I think it was very good.
Well, this was on cable again yesterday.
And so he didn't have a gambling problem.
He had a money problem, right?
That's right.
So anybody out there thinks I got a gambling problem?
Watch that movie.
Then you'll see what a gambling problem is.
That's right.
He had a little bit of a problem.
Right.
You don't have a problem if you can afford it.
Right.
$686 votes on the poll.
Now, what is Christine?
And you think in the thousand today on the day when I sound like this?
Yeah, they'll fill back for you and fill in on the poll.
The sympathy vote?
Yeah, let's make it a thousand days so I feel a little bit better.
All right.
If you cannot find your sum of all my rack,
If the markets are a draw of all my rack,
If the terrorists are thirsty,
Pakistan is looking chimney with curry,
And it's too risky, all my rack,
If we have no wildlife with us,
All my rack, or,
If we think that someone's just a sum of rack,
So to hell with the infections,
Let's look up for the elections.
Close your mind and make the rations bomb a rack.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Fall in line and bomb a warning bomb a rack.
Ah, ah, poor our might.
It seems our borders bomb a rack.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
It's a dream we'll call a tree.
And let's make it more and I love the season.
And if we have no reason bomb a rack.
Or let's bomb everybody else.
Okay, if we don't like them,
Let's bomb France.
We're pissed off at them when I'm freedom fries and stuff like that.
How do you like my Michael Moore says he was ready to work?
Forget about the freedom fries.
Mm-hmm.
And you did, you did see it now, right?
Yeah, of course it is.
I'll set you the copy of it, how it is.
Yeah.
That's correct.
You also sent me the copy of Spider-Man 3
And I will say it's such stuff.
Maybe you'll finish it.
No.
Okay.
Hey, it's just, I'm sorry.
I mean, why should I be sorry if I liked it?
I would have told you.
Why would I lie about it?
Don't be sorry.
I mean, it would be like my saying that Robert Grieber deserves to be there.
And Miguel should have been fired some idiotic thing like that.
You see, the people who cause the most problems
and cause the most trouble
and the people are the most duplicitous and two-faced
and backstabbing and make up crap.
Like for example, number nine, people like that.
They stay there forever.
And the people who really, you know, tried to do a good job
and get along with everybody and help out in a variety of ways.
They get stabbed in the back
because like you said, it's the Raleigh connection.
And by the way, jolly, Joe, I really should have said it on the air now.
I mean, Miguel said I was right.
Well, you said the same thing.
I was right.
I said it on the air.
They're on the air jolly, Joe, okay?
You fed ass.
They're all on the air.
And Hank was right, too, by the way.
Just one thing's looked darkest for Iowa, Lewis Scooter Libby.
When priests seemed all of a certain president for his wife
to wear the former White House's AIDS
two and a half years sentence in the CIA leak case.
It's enough to make me want to go and leak right now.
Bush's move came just five hours after
federal appeals panel ruled that Libby couldn't delay his prison term.
His prospects for an emergency appeal
at the Supreme Court seemed bleak.
The former chief of staff vice president Dick Taney
Libby was just waiting for a date to surrender.
After months of side-stepping pardon questions,
Bush stepped in.
World is fear to tread.
He didn't issue a pardon, but he raised the prison sense
that he felt was just too harsh for him anyway for the Scooter.
Are we expected to raise verdict, Bush had a written statement,
but I've concluded the prison sense given to Mr. Libby is excessive.
Therefore, I'm commuting the poor semester Libby sentence
that required him to spend 30 months in prison.
How many?
About 30, man.
Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald,
the speed of the president's assertion that the prison term was excessive.
Libby was sentenced under the same laws as other criminal Fitzgeralds said.
It's fundamental to the rule of law that all citizens stand before the bar of justice as equals.
Remember that? The rule of law we used to have before these Nazis stole two elections?
I don't think so.
Oh, well, it's so long ago, you know.
Libby's attorney, theater, well-sendman statement,
that the Libby family was grateful for Bush's action
and continued to believe in his innocence.
Right.
Because he wasn't pardoned, Libby remains the highest ranking White House official convicted of a crime since the Iran Comfort Affair,
but he won't have to serve a single day in prison,
a fact that his friends cheered, even those who'd wish he'd receive a whole pardon.
That's fantastic.
It's a great relief said former ambassador,
Richard Carlson, who helped raise millions for Libby's defense fund,
Scooter Libby did not deserve to go to prison,
and I'm glad the president had the courage to do this.
And of course, the president and the vice president, they're the ones that belong in prison.
We know that.
And the people in the media who've covered up for their shenanigans, they all belong on death row.
Though the leak investigation is complete,
nobody will have to serve prison time.
The scandal that is loomed over the Bush administration for years did not subside.
Democrats were enraged.
Libby's conviction was the one faint glimmer of accountability for White House efforts to manipulate intelligence
and silence critics of the Iraq War since the majority of leader Harry Olympus did read.
Now, even that small bit of justice has been undone.
That useless bitch, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Bush's decision showed the prison condones criminal conduct.
Over there be like lying about them and then going and invading another country and occupying it and things like that.
And put your hundreds of thousands of people, stuff like that?
Yeah, a little bit.
The president left intact a $250,000 fine for two years,
and two years probationers' conviction of lying and a pardon me.
Abstructing justice in the probed in the leak of a CIA operatives identity,
the former operative of Valerie Plain contends the White House's trap.
I mean, why did they write this crap?
Claims that were trying to discredit a former husband Joseph Wilson as if we don't know,
as if he didn't even have a baby with a rattle nose?
Claims.
And this is from Capitol Hill Blue that's supposed to tell it like it is.
Conwreced to investigate whether or not the president himself is a participant in the obstructing justice.
Wilson told the Santa Fe in New Mexican.
Wilson claim that their children moved to Santa Fe earlier this year.
Do you know the way to Santa Fe?
That way.
The president has utterly subverted the rule of law and the system of justice
that's under- under- gurred in this country of ours for the past 220 years,
Joe Wilson said on NBC today show this morning.
Board of Status Actions still leaves and plays a harsh punishment for Mr. Libby.
Nobody was ever charged with a leak in footing deputy secretary,
State Richard Armanage, or White House political adviser Carl Rowe,
who provided the information for the original article.
Prosecutors said Libby obstructed the investigation by lying about how he learned about claim and whom he told.
Already it record lawyers in the polls, Bush raised a political backlash with his decision.
President Ford, dead, tumbled in the polls after his 1974 partner, Richard Nixon,
and the decision was a factor in Ford's laws in the 1976 election to Jimmy Carter.
The peanut farmer, Jimmy Carter, who had lusted his heart.
I got lusted my part, especially when I go to Abrahamian Fitch.
I think I'm just going to get a chair and put it right in, you know,
where you walk into the store in the inference.
Sure, like a lawn chair with a couple of doors. Yeah, that's right.
Oh, man, you just, you go into that place, you just want to reach out and start doing stuff to people.
I mean, that stuff of a sexual nature, if I can say that, can I say that?
Well, that's what I'm thinking. Good, golly Miss Molly.
Woo, man. I mean, people that, well, you know, you've seen those calendars.
Yep. Well, when you see people who look like that in person, and then you think of yourself,
God, there really are people like that who exist. Those aren't just, yeah, right.
That's what I thought. Well, there's a thing for a sicko, now playing.
Mm-hmm. And I punched it up. This is the blurb was in there.
This is the 700-3 votes on the pool. We get over a 700 now as Christchurch in the 1000, maybe.
Of course, what's it all right? 706.
I would read it, except for that number two choice on there.
It takes half hour to read that damn thing.
I mean, well, one of the choices on the pool is longer than these bedtime stories every day.
Then you know Charlie that you're making the choices a little bit too long, okay, Charlie?
You're making some of the choices a little bit too long, but that's okay.
We don't appreciate this fine efforts, right? Like we appreciate that Kim Boakampr, for example.
And toast. Now, what's the date that he's going to be toast?
Did you read the article that I put on our website about, huh?
No, that's right. You don't read any articles.
I was just saying that you read it to yourself about the very Jack Ascian about the Joe Arrows.
No, I did not.
And then if I guess that it's start this morning, Chris?
The thing was silly.
I believe it was starting next week, I think.
They're putting Sid the kid on in the morning, one of the most obnoxious New Yorkers, whoever came down the pike.
That's with the pee. That's with the pee by the way, Boakampr.
I said, Pike, now what you're going to say tomorrow morning?
You know, the sad part of it is I've let so many things go better.
So outrageous and understandable like the OJ golf tournament.
Yeah. Don't you think I should have liked done something about that?
Like sued their freaking ass?
Or something.
Yeah, I should have done something like maybe gone in and taken a dump on Greg Reid's desk.
And then this thing with Boakampr and the toast and greeper and this whole business,
whether the Koon business.
Isn't that how that song goes? There's no business like Koon Business?
I never heard that version.
Well, well, Boakampr will sing it to tomorrow.
And then just, you know, just one of those things and then he gives him my phone number
and he has him call me.
There is nothing worse than somebody who gives out your phone number without asking first,
unless it was to Miguel.
So I put that in there to get you off the hook for all time.
So I apologize, anyway.
You didn't have to apologize. Why would I want to talk to Miguel?
It's the principle of it.
Although I will say this. It's really, you know, you always say the same thing.
Are we going to feel sorry? Are you going to be okay?
Life, you know, well, what am I going to say?
When a good guy gets screwed over and stabbed in the back and gets a can
because they're going to bring one of their boyfriends from Raleigh or something.
Now, do you know that for a fact that they're bringing somebody in from Raleigh?
Brought. He's already here.
He's already been there.
He had been here already and they just decided to give him a Miguel's job.
Talk about insensuous relationships. Good, Gally.
Miss Molly.
Nice guy for what it's worth.
Yeah.
But we're not taking it out on him necessarily until he makes the first slip up,
until he farts the wrong flavor.
He's like 12 years old or something.
Is he really?
Maybe 16, I don't know.
Maybe that, yeah.
To cute.
21 before 11 at 5.60, you know, here's the one thing.
You know, it looks like Miguel.
No.
Am I right about that?
Yes.
But then again, who the hell does?
Although I'll say this, Miguel couldn't get a job at this time.
I have a Crabby in Fitz and the Eaton Center here.
He couldn't get hired there.
And he's a good looking guy, but I got news for him.
He isn't, he's not even in the same category with the people that work in there.
And you know, have some people like to show off their goods.
And like a guy will be like, he'll lift his shirt like halfway up and start rubbing his belly.
You know, like he's got the itch, the fever, the something like that.
The twitch.
I was kind of twitching myself.
Ha ha ha ha.
Put that shirt back down, Pally.
And stop.
Stop flashing your goods unless you're serious.
If you're serious, then fly some more.
709 on the pool.
I think we're going to make a thousand today.
But it's going to make me feel a whole lot better.
BAH!
20, did I give a schedule?
No.
Mad Dog 2.
For its the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog.
Humber in Vegas 5 to 7.
Boy, talk about owning Mahoney.
Dolphins all access to 709.
Jesse Aggerson from 9 to 9 30.
Because I got news for Eddie Kain coming in for half an hour.
A guy like Eddie K.
I mean, you think he's got, yeah, and I noticed that happened last night again too.
Same thing.
Because again, pregame doesn't start to line 30 because they're playing on the West Coast
at San Diego.
They win her lose last night.
Chris, uh, 3-1 loss.
Ah!
Marlins on deck at 9 30 and then Marlins at the Pog Race at 10-5 tonight.
Hill.
God.
Breakdown, shout.
Where the mudwumps go to Hank from trees and play banjo.
You got some old station on.
New Frank gold rating old.
Now I snore.
Caroline goes.
Raleigh's a big city, you know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go for Golly Raleigh Joe.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joe's.
Go to 5-6-0 with ratings and the toilet mold to get those.
Playings for full moes and order and control.
And then so Golly Raleigh Joe of a humor and in the low he lets moes.
Go and here's what blows.
Give Golly his own show.
No!
He'll make a big change.
And read a range.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing.
For what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue.
Out of four, not patissentially blows for all radio.
The GM of 5-6-0.
Jolly Raleigh Joe.
Who's favorite line by the way?
Oh I don't know what to tell you Neil.
I don't know what to say.
Oh boy.
Well what can I say?
722 votes on the full today.
I think we got 1,000 licked.
I think we're licking it.
Even right here on the dog days.
Even on the day before the July.
For George has to work tomorrow.
Yeah.
On the full July.
Sorry.
What did you think about that?
You're what?
I'll fake my way through it.
Like I'm doing today.
Yeah.
I had a bit of a...
I'm doing a little bit better now though.
In the beginning and that first half hour, wow.
I could barely even make a squeak.
John Linder is going to be on tomorrow morning for the boys for Kenny and Bo.
Lion Bo.
And Chris was trying to explain to me who John Linder is.
He works over in Naples I guess.
Naples for Myers.
Some other place.
I don't even...
He's another beastly one.
He's lucky or is he like really a sports guy?
That I have no idea.
I've never heard of him until yesterday.
Well, wow.
That'll be a real good reason to get up early tomorrow and tune in.
I'm sure you're going to do that.
Not.
But anyway, he'll be out of tomorrow morning.
And then George, thank God, man.
You see there is a God.
Okay.
Give you that ballgame tomorrow, 1230.
Try the Yankees and the Twins.
Yankees and the Twins.
What they'll be carrying that for.
Also, you can get off early.
Good.
Like I said, we like that.
That's right.
10-12-35.
You can handle that.
I think this is like a couple of stupid songs that you've been on.
Like a couple of stupid songs.
Talks about crap.
Nobody's going to call it like that.
Followed by baseball today with Shia Levy.
Boy, it sure is a holiday tomorrow, man.
I'll say that.
Shia Levy.
Don't be shy.
Turn on the radio.
And in the Marlin game tomorrow night.
One of the award-winning lineup that is nice going, Jolly Raleigh.
Joe, bring in some more flukkies from Raleigh.
Why don't you?
Okay?
I'm sure there's a lot of homeless people up there.
Bring them on down.
We can get Rod Roddy to come back to life.
Okay.
Come on down.
Who is doing the oppressive runner?
Are they showing reruns now or what?
They're here, somebody?
You asking me?
I was thinking we have any old people in the building that watch that.
And the rumor was, and it made me want to vomit, that they were going to put Rosie O'Donnell on to do that?
Oh my god.
Can you imagine?
I'd like to see that bitch get hit by that wheel.
Yeah, that ain't going to happen.
I'd like to see that in the eight million pounds of fat.
A blubbering fat go flying all over the stage.
Disgusting cow.
Hey, Rosie.
You're fairie.
Now, what's this fact?
There's a 455 more Escuder Libby stories to read, including some scathing comments.
You know me, those are my favorite kind.
Oh, this is a nice Markamon Terrio.
This is a Spam Facts Bastards.
Spam Facts.
Don't you love those?
It's not bad enough to get you on the phone.
I hate you.
I hate you.
Now that it gets you on your freaking Facts Machine, they've been doing this for a long time.
And usually on these, it'll say, oh, I see.
It does say, to remove your number from the list, please call this number.
Okay.
I'm going to call the number.
I'm going to like bitch him out.
You maniac.
You're off my Facts Machine, man.
Actually, I don't have the time to waste for that.
I'd rather take a good nap.
Like starting right now, George.
No.
It would be an excellent time.
We got 27 on the plane.
There's the alarm.
This is from Ross' story.
It says, President Bush didn't even consult with the Justice Department of Special Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald.
Before committing the sentence of former Chief of Staff to Dick Cheney, I, Lewis, Escuder Libby,
according to today's Washington Post, he also rebuffed anyone appealing from Libby, limiting
discussion to a few close aides.
For the first time in his presence, he bush made a decision to commit a sentence without
going through a process of running requests to alloys at the Justice Department of Post
said, he also didn't ask the tea prosecutor in the case Patrick Fitzgerald for his input,
as routinely happened in cases rather through the Justice Department's pardon attorney.
I beg your pardon.
Bush, however, said in a statement that he carefully weighed the arguments for and against
the pardon, apparently without answering the information from the prosecutor about the
case.
Both critics and defenders of this investigation made important points, Bush wrote, I've
made my own evaluation and preparing for the system on how to do that, he said, I've
carefully weighed these arguments and circumsides the surrounding this case.
We were all told to stay away from it, an old Bush friend from Texas told the Post, when
we called over there they said the president is one or the situation, so don't raise it.
None of us lied with him because they told us not to.
One senior administration official said Bush quickly made his decision yesterday after
hearing that the US court of appeals had refused to keep the bill out of jail while his appeal
ran its course.
Pardon me.
This source who demanded and in the committee to talk freely about the president's thinking
said there was comfort at the White House that the decision will not hurt him politically,
despite the Democratic Outcry.
How can it hurt him politically when his approval rating starts with a minus, unlike the numbers
across the street?
Speaking of numbers, by the way, I'm too excited about Thursday morning.
Numbers?
Or is it the book?
The trend.
Two-thirds of the spring book.
Okay.
There's been warning of 10.
Amy says if you have a chance to watch the movie 300 it's the best eye candy movie of
the year.
Now didn't you tell me about that sometime back?
Yeah, I don't think it's for you.
All of them run around in bikinis, there are Spartans, yummy says they almost had to
wear a bib.
Women like them see their grown men with muscles, it's not for you.
What does that mean?
Brady Quinn is the grown man with a muscle?
Okay.
He has a long son to copy.
Of what?
300, sure.
You said it's not for me, I'm not going to waste my time with it.
It's got a lot of torso, a lot of rippling torso.
Big deal.
You're getting your jolly's Amy, good for you.
Paul says, oh I see, here's this is more about, we're very big into movies now, right?
All these things.
Paul says I apologize and should have explained myself further.
The movie zeitgeist is free and viewable online.
It's evocative of the loose change in power of nightmares, pieces you've extolled before.
The difference here I believe is the way which the information is presented.
It's a quite interesting piece under stores better than anything I've seen prior to just
how religion is at the root cause of all the world's modern ills.
But what does that mean?
Modern ills, Paul.
All through a history of mankind, not just modern ills.
All time ills.
We'd be ill in.
From that good old time religion, baby, that's what it's all about.
We'd be ill in.
How wonderful this world could be without that good old time religion.
Get rid of it.
Cover the double my sees, okay?
Stop with a fairy tale.
Stop with a big business plan.
It's tax-free business plan.
You'll be ill in.
The world will be ill in because of a good old time religion.
Anybody who disputes that's a crazy person.
729 votes on the polls should have given the result cause I don't mind doing it, but I just don't like reading that second one.
Peace would have a better chance in the world if there were no religions to divide people like somebody just said 325.
Makes sense to me.
It sounds like...
They're all gone!
Making sense is usual.
Now here's the part I don't like.
There will never be any such thing as peace.
Some of that read that all the crap.
Why does he have to do that?
Why does he have to make a whole paragraph of a choice on a poll?
Oh hell, who are we kidding?
You can always change it.
You can change the outfit.
What do you mean by that?
We don't have to go with what he wrote.
No, I'm just reading the last part.
There will never be a peace 260.
That's the correct answer.
I'll go. I voted for the first one because that's also correct.
Until the U.S. learned to respect other countries' sovereignty 69.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
That's no fun.
We bomb Iran 25.
Everybody could just join hands and start a love train 14.
If we could buy the world a coke and keep a company 6.
If people stopped joining the military 5 and anybody who joins the military now has got a death wish.
And if armed dealers were outlawed 3.
That whole thing about armed...
I just never been able to understand that.
Of course, I don't subscribe to soldier of fortune.
Maybe you do.
Not anymore.
You know, my subscription right now.
I didn't redo it.
I'll tell you one thing.
People of QAM ought to be subscribing to soldiers of bad fortune.
This little fortune?
Especially since the Raleigh crew came in.
Oh boy.
And IOD, a cash flow casting, you say they called it Kansas City crew.
That was Jim Gallant.
And a couple of other losers I forget the other guy's name.
It was the GM.
Mike Abranathi.
Have you ever heard of those guys?
I've heard their names from you.
Losers.
The Kansas City crowd.
We got the Raleigh crowd, baby.
734 on the pool as we approach 11 o'clock.
Are you kidding me?
It's only 11 o'clock.
I got the...
And another thing, by the way, since they're firing people who aren't part of these sports fraternity
and aren't part of the Raleigh fraternity, we got people that sales department.
I don't want to mention Hank Guerrero.
The copy that he's got for his clients is older than when Jesus was a baby.
I bet you're Mary and Joseph right copy that was fresher than this, you know?
I bet you even Jesus diapers were fresher than the stuff we get from them.
But you know, why don't we complain now?
Right?
Right.
Don't make any waves, okay?
Because you could be next, mister.
Let me tell you right now.
Who me?
And what anybody, you know, any of you feel in the blank unless your parents is boyfriend.
This is the Neal Roger show.
You'll...
You'll...
You'll...
This is your boy.
Who could do the boy any questions?
No.
So do the shampoo and coffee and water.
Shell candles and teething rings for your daughter.
Don't out back to the free case of champagne.
These are the things you can't take on a play.
She's with a hair gel and lip balm and toothpaste.
Oh, clear a seal for all of those that's on your face.
You have bad sunburn but no solar cane.
That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
And the airport you'll be waiting in this same state.
While they make you throw out all of those things.
You cannot take on a plane.
That's why I wish my trip to Amsterdam would have been doing free.
It's 11.01 at 5.60 WM.
We had a 748 votes on Charles's Charlie B's award winning pool.
He sent a couple of pretty good ones today as well.
Yes he did.
About old Farts and now that Bob Barker and Rich Shaw hung it up.
Who was the... and he puts me on there to an also the Humper.
He says Hank is 67.
Is he really 67?
I don't know.
I thought he was 65.
67. Jesus God is the old one.
But anyway Andy Rudy is 88 and Paul Harvey is 88.
And Freak and Regis Philbitt is 75.
Roger Ebert who's not looking to be 65.
And then another one that came like any left me out of this one.
Why didn't you put me in there?
Who's your favorite fat entertainer of all time?
Well you could be the formerly fat entertainer list.
184.
Pretty good huh?
I'll take it.
My blood sugar is sensational.
It is a matter of fact.
See when you get a good...
You know I can come on here.
I've done it 80 million times over the years.
And oh I'm going to get off of this and not do that.
And you do it for a couple of days.
And then you feel like it's useless.
And you go back to your old ways again.
And the reason you go back to your old ways is because you're lucky enough
that your body can sustain as a tremendous amount of punishment in my case.
Maybe it's the good genes.
Who knows?
And so you think you can do it forever.
Right?
And then all of a sudden I get that diabetic neuropathy.
There are those two days.
Oh that's the end of that.
No more.
So since that one would have been...
This there will be two weeks.
Now that's not a lifetime.
It will be two weeks that I've had no candy, no sugar, no ice cream.
And these people, one of our ice-based guys,
he sent me stuff about low-carb ice cream.
Okay, stop fooling yourself, okay, Pally?
Oh my god, I think it was win.
One of our my space regulars sent me a thing.
I know he's trying to be helpful.
But if you're diabetic, forget about ice cream.
Okay, for having an ice cream in the last three, four years.
To fill a bathtub, to fill a hundred bath tubs.
To fill a grants tomb.
But nevertheless, just forget about it.
Because once you start doing that other stuff,
then you're going to want the real stuff, right?
Right.
It's like having sex with a blow-up doll.
You know, after you do that enough, I'm told.
Oh.
Then you want somebody like for real, you know?
752 on Chris's pole.
Chris is shooting for a thousand a day, baby.
He's going to be really flying high.
Exactly.
He's going to get to a phone.
Can you just see Chris flying high?
I can't even see a thing flying low.
I just pictured one of those like it.
It was at World War II where they had those
that's ridgable, tethered, you know, too.
Yeah.
I'm sure you saw the Hindenburg, then.
Oh!
The answer from Chicago.
Yeah.
Oh my god, this is too humanity.
Yeah.
Here's some good news for you for a change.
And by the way, thank you so much for those low-gas prices, Mr. President, boy.
I'd like to find that kid that called.
That's about what?
About two, three years ago.
Yeah, it's more than that because it was at the beginning of the Iraq attacks.
So it's got like four years now.
Four years or is it now?
Yeah, we just ended the fifth year.
Fifth year of this crap.
They're dying like flies over there and they're still analyzing.
Well, is the surge really working?
Are we really going to have, oh my god.
The world is full of crazy people.
Okay, beware.
That's my warning to each and every one of you.
Beware of, but not a little crazy people, especially if they're from Raleigh, North Carolina.
Don't turn your back.
Zach.
And show your crap.
Now, there was a guy on the sidewalk here the other day.
You know, these homeless people, there's a lot of them in Toronto, which is very sad.
Because there's more money in the city than Carter's got liver pills.
And this guy was like, and I know somebody's going to make a crack.
There was a crack, as a matter of fact.
He was bent down on the sidewalk with his ass up in the air and his pantaloonies were like down.
You know what I mean?
You could see the crack in his face.
Sure, it's clover's crack, they call it.
Yeah.
And I thought to myself, is this guy, I mean, he was really a nasty looking old cout.
Now, cout, that was, by the way, Kimba.
C-O-O-T.
And I thought, is this guy like giving an engraved invitation of what is that all about?
And I ran by that.
Oh, geez.
Here's the good news.
Court allows students anti-boost t-shirt.
And that's some great news.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Putting its recent ruling on students' speech into practice, the Supreme Court on Friday,
rejected a school district's appeal of ruling that violated the students' rights by censoring his anti-boost t-shirt.
A seventh grader from Vermont was suspended for wearing a shirt that bore images of cocaine and a martini glass,
but also had messages calling President Bush a lying drunk driver who abused cocaine and marijuana
and the chicken hawk in chief who was engaged in a world domination tour.
Well, it's wrong with that, it's all true.
After his suspension, Zach Regal's return to school with duct tape covering the offending images.
William Steinmeadle School principal Kathleen Morris Courts said the images violated the school dress code,
which prohibits clothing that promotes the use of drugs or booze, and appeals courts of the school had no right to censor any part of the shirt.
You're full of shirt.
Yesterday, the court said schools could regulate student expression of an advocated illegal drug use.
Judge Samuel Alito cautioned that school should not censor political speech.
How do you like that? Even Samuel Alito said that.
But that's America for it.
Everything is censored and the liar in chief, the butcher in chief, the son of a bitch in chief, he's busy pardoning convicted criminals.
Because he decided that the sentence was excessive. He decided. Well, he's the decider.
And I ask I was just waiting for that very good. He's the decider.
The 755 votes on Charlie B's award-winning pool.
I had not even a contest for a thousand today. Easy. Oh pardon me.
Speaking of that, let's get all these four, four, five hundred stories. Okay. If I can read them all, I'm not through one hour.
Are we in the second hour of my life hyperventilating, hallucinating?
In the hour and second hour.
Now, how was the first hour? Was it okay? Oh, it's outstanding. I don't have to.
I have no idea what happened. The award-winning.
Here's George.
Following the reactions to President-Oh, I see the following are, excuse me, reactions to President Bush's announcement that he's commuted a sentence of a scooter liby.
Melanie Sloan, legal counsel to Joan Valerie Wilson said, first President Bush said any person who leaked would no longer work in his administration nonetheless, scooter liby didn't leave office until he was indicted and Carl Rove works in the White House even today.
More recently, the Vice President ignored an executive order protecting classified information claiming he isn't really part of the executive branch.
Clearly, this administration that believes leaking classified information from political ends is justified and that the law is whatever applies to other people, the law applies to other people, not to them.
Let me say it again, the law applies only to other people.
I am above the law!
Right. Better get it straight or you're going to get more.
Senator Barack Obama says, this decision to commute the sentence of a man who compromised our national security cements the legacy of an administration characterized by a politics of cynicism and division, one that's consistently placed itself in its ideology above the law.
This is exactly the kind of politics we must change so we can be in restoring the American people's faith and government that puts the country's progress and have a bitter partisanship of recent years.
That's what Barack Obama said and by the way, did you mention yesterday that he's raised more than swallowing or anybody else?
No.
Well, he has.
Good.
In fact, I should have printed that out.
Maybe I will during the break.
Should have.
He's raising zillions of dollars.
Good.
That's your next president.
I'm telling you right there, Barack Obama.
And I understand that a lot of the closet races out there, just like the Julie Berman anti-Gorovot in 2000, same thing.
There will be a lot of closet races out there, we'll vote against him because he's black, but you know what?
He'll still win.
And with McCain, faltering would be an understatement.
And Julie Annie looks like he's going to win by the fall on the other side.
That's all he's got, not 11 territory.
And he's got more skeletons in his closet and Carter's got the liver pills.
Why do I keep saying that?
Because I'm keeping it in the Jimmy Carter.
And in Gerald Ford, pardoning tricky dick.
Mmm, liver.
Senator Chuck Schumer says, as Independence Day in years,
reminded that one of the principles our forefathers fought for was equal justice under the law.
The commutation completely tramples on that principle.
I know when I was in school, I wanted to trample on the principle.
I'm not really sure why.
Harry Reid says, the president's decision to come to Mr. Libby's sentence is disgraceful.
Libby's conviction was one of the faint, one faint I already read that before.
I want to faint when I think about Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi.
Week.
John Edwards says only a president clinically incapable of understanding that mistakes have consequences could take the action he did.
President Bush has suggested exactly the wrong signal of the country and the world.
In George Bush's Americans, apparently okay to misuse intelligence for political gain,
mislead prosecutors and lie to the FBI.
George Bush and his cronies think they're above the law and the rest of us live with the consequences.
The cause of equal justice in America took a serious blow today, he said.
I don't see what, oh look at this Fred Thompson says, I'm very happy for a scooter Libby.
I know this is a great relief to him, his wife and children, while for a long time a virgin department for a scooter, I respect the president's decision.
This will allow a good American who's in a lot of his country to resume his life.
All right.
Oh my god. Hillary says,
Today's decision is yet another example of this administration simply considers itself above the law.
This case arose from the administration's politicization of our national security intelligence and its efforts to punish those who spoke out against its policies.
Four years in the Iraq war Americans are still living with the consequences of this White House's efforts to quell the Senate.
The commutation sends the clear signal that in this administration,
cronyism and ideology trump competence injustice and by the way nice job Michael Moore in outing Hillary selling out to the pharmaceuticals and the medical establishment in the movie SICO.
You notice that?
Yes it is.
When it out, Hillary sold out.
Rudy Giuliani says, after evaluating the facts, the president came to a reasonable decision and I believe the decision was correct.
That's what Rudy Giuliani says.
You piece of third, you phony, you flandering piece of garbage.
758 and Paul, let's get that thousandies so we don't have to like your going with this word.
1117 at 560 W.D.
Joe says so much for Clinton's controversial party after you're reaching up a soda with a vote camper.
And he says,
I'm wondering if that was really him and Mandage in the cooking with Mandage show back during the W.W.O.D days.
Have a great fourth.
What does that mean?
I was hoping you could tell me.
I'm wondering if that was really him and Mandage in the cooking with Mandage show back.
Is that a show?
Is that a show like that?
I don't know what they're talking about.
Wasn't that a full thing?
I don't know.
I don't know what you're talking about Joe but have a great fourth and I was going to say don't drink too much but you already got a good start.
767, it's not bad flying one and that's what we got on the pool.
Now here's the fact that it's just a stir up crap.
The dealer George mentioned Tom Jic is over told about the fairness doctrine in Monday's Sun Central.
He uses it to take a shot at your show.
I thought of my killment or two.
Thank you whoever that is.
And so here's Tom.
He's a story.
I thought I should read it though because Tom Jic hates that.
He wants me to go back to the fun and entertainment days which might not be a bad thing.
He says, so you don't like the show Tom?
I guess what?
I really don't care.
I don't care Tom.
I'm doing just fine.
How are you doing Tom?
Tom Jic der writes in yesterday's scum central, who could be against fairness?
Keeping in mind of course that Tom Jic is politics out of the right of a kill of the hunt but nevertheless, who could be against fairness?
Anybody with a brain should be in one important instance.
Some liberals are so sugary in by the dominance of conservative talk radio.
They're advocating a drastic measure to thwart the right.
Those evil liberals, those comi-pink ol' liberals baby.
Unable to win the battle of the airwaves against Russia and Ball and other conservative hosts.
And it's interesting that he did a neglects to mention that on this show we beat this not out of Russia.
Virtually every trend, every book for years and years and years.
Doesn't mention that.
Who prospered while liberal-era America struggles to stay afloat?
Some of them left around by keeping a re-institution of the fairness doctrine, which 20 years ago was eliminated as no longer necessary to do the explosion about less for expressing opinions.
And this was before the internet.
See how happy to agree with him on that?
I think the fairness doctrine is crap.
But nevertheless, he goes on to say, theoretically, the fairness doctrine sounds like a lot of a policy.
It obligated broadcasters to present all sides of controversial issues and practice it didn't work so well.
Rather than being forced to open the airwaves to anyone who had a contrarian viewpoint, broadcasters feared clearer issues for the most part.
The exceptions were saccharine public affairs showed that air in the middle of the night or on Sunday mornings when nobody was listening, when everybody was shluffin.
The elimination of the fairness doctrine opened the way for in-your-face top shows of today bringing it back probably would end them.
If the fairness doctrine were reinstated, any station-carrying rush would be obligated to offer time to counter everything he said, like the truth.
A station with three or four conservative hosts would have to carve out several hours daily for rebuttals.
This wouldn't happen.
The more expedient solution would be a return to the not-so-good old days by graphing talk in favor of less controversial formats.
A recent study released by the Center for American Progress organization, headed by a former Bill Clinton chief of staff John Podesta, found that roughly 90% of all issues were either talk radio is conservative.
With far less to lose, it's easy to understand what left would love to do anything that would eradicate talk radio.
Oh my god.
The evil left, however they haven't considered the double-edged sword that they would be forging, conservative talk might be neutralized by angry right-wingers,
but would be sure to retaliate.
National public radio would be a juicy target.
And we know how liberal NPR is now right.
Oh, it's getting.
Oh pardon me.
Loopy far right host Michael Savage said on this program that with nothing else to do, he would sit at home monitoring the broadcast TV morning shows newscast, demanding an opportunity to speak against anything he perceived to be slanted left.
How far he would get is debatable, but he could make enough of a nuisance himself to have an impact.
Closer to home, here comes the good part.
Closer to home, conservatives could demand time to present opposing viewpoints to be barrage of leftist talking points near Rogers Reed's every day.
Rogers would probably be forced to go back to his old fun and entertainment ways which might not be a bad thing Tommy says.
I'll get back to that when I finish reading the swill.
Which might not be a bad day.
And we need your programming help on the show badly Tom.
We're floundering.
I can't scrape through nickels together by a stick of gum.
For the most part, the duty worker championing a new fairness doctrine has been done by groups like the center for American progress whose names camouflage their partisanship.
However, eight days ago, Senator Diane Feinstein became the most important politician to endorse at least examining the re-imposition of the fairness doctrine.
Responding to a question from Chris Wallace on Fox Sunday morning, which I'm sure Tom watches religiously,
Feinstein said in my view, talk radio tends to be one sided.
It also tends to be growing in hyperbole.
It's explosive.
It pushes people to, I think, extreme views without a lot of information.
Pressed by Wallace about whether she's for bringing back the fairness doctrine, Feinstein said, while I'm looking at it,
Yeah, well, this finger is up in the air here.
The middle digits up in the air. Look at that, Diane.
This was read me to conservative host who been keeping their listeners fired up about this threat, even though practically speaking,
they know there's no chance of it happening for at least the rest of Bush's term.
Another reason to think Democrats are being sure it's said is that Republicans are disaffected as never before because of the immigration bill on top of all the other issues they have with Bush and their representatives.
This was manifested in 2006 when enough of them sat on their hands to be a factor of turning Congress over the Democrats.
They might even be angry enough not to care if the White House also was back to the other side in 2008, but there's nothing like a threat to have Russian, their other favorites taken away from them to get them back to the polls in record numbers.
Right, that's why I like to get your people out there, Tommy, in record numbers.
We're going to take Russia away from me and all his pills too.
That's right.
For getting back to that one ridiculous paragraph on closer to home, conservatives could man 10% opposing viewpoints to the barrage of leftist talking points near Rogers reads,
it's air every day.
You comey.
Tommy, pinko, faggot, don't forget that part.
Rogers would probably be forced to go back to his old fun, that same noise would try not be a bad thing.
You know something, Tommy, that would be fine if A, there were any colors that we could talk to, but that part of the business is long gone.
And B, we could play the entertaining stuff that we used to be able to 95% of which we can't play no more as you well know Tommy, but you don't want to put that in there.
All you want to do is take a cheap shot, which is fine. You idiot.
I mean far be it for me to start getting involved in that kind of crap, you know what I'm saying?
What do you call the names like Jack Asfool, Idiot?
And one thing about Tommy, stupid!
They never changes.
So thanks for the, at least he mentioned me, that's good, that's the first time in a long time.
Thanks so much Tommy.
Go back to the, he doesn't like to show the way it is now, he doesn't like those articles, okay?
Because they don't fit in with his right wing political crap.
And so the fact that we got Russia on here, he already said 90% of the talk radio is right wing, that's not enough for Tommy, okay?
So it's just like those people that used to call, all Neil used to be so funny, every time there'd be a hot political issue and I would take you know the liberal side of it.
Oh yeah, people are going to be really upset with you if you do that Neil and a lot of us are going to be too bad.
Just a really transparent tactic to try to shut up people who have a point of view that you want to hear.
Tom, anyway, that's your buddy Tom Jicke.
My close buddy.
Your close personal buddy, the race track buddy.
Who of course, and also he just happens to be a casual friend or a hangover.
Remember that article?
Last week?
Yeah, casual friend.
No, you were, I think that was the, you were out sick.
No, I heard that.
Yeah, casual friend.
I still don't know what that means.
That was a disclaimer because the article was about whether Hank is going to get not renewed at the end of the year.
And are they going to move managed back to a four to seven, or which of course will be an idiotic move.
But, and of course, that would probably be the move they would make.
Because if it doesn't make sense, that's what they do if it makes no sense at all.
If it failed once, let's make sure it fails again.
That's Jolly Jo and his Rolly crew.
So they brought a ringer in from Rolly and they stabbed Miguel in the back and they gave him Miguel's job.
Who's already here, I guess they didn't have enough form to do so they gave him a job.
Right, that's right.
I was just about to say before you interrupted very rudely.
Sorry.
Pardon you.
Thank you.
You know, they had to find something for this guy to do.
And so they made a job for him by firing Miguel.
We never stole a freight train.
Who'd been there for many, many years.
Who was a good guy.
Multi-talented, multi-useful.
Right.
Seven, eighty-seven on the pool.
We're going to have a way over 800.
We're going to make our thousand of these and spy the clearance.
New.
Yeah.
I turn 13.
I'm a last birthday.
Daddy bought me a doll.
And he told me to play.
And I wonder what daddy said.
I think you like that 69 emails today.
But my name, my name, my face.
It's posted on my face, my face.
I got our who prison.
Oh, in 1982.
I was caught at the playground with a kid or two.
Now I use the net.
Email them today.
And tomorrow I'm wet.
Because her name, her age, her face, it's posted on my face.
Hey, baby.
You know, you're really mature for your age.
How about we meet in person?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
I'm still a child.
I'll bring you beer.
It's mostly.
Well, now, don't tell your mom.
Because I'm not a senior.
And you're a means.
And say what they love.
What I will do now.
Yeah, I'm a pretty smile.
You know that.
And I'll say what I will do.
Let me ask them all.
Oh, near the video shop.
Well, just don't tell your folks.
And say, don't tell the cops.
Whoa.
He said I'm warm and I'm not.
That's right.
He said I'm not.
My age.
My age.
My age.
My age.
My age.
My age.
He voices, die in my head.
And all the wrong places.
He shed it down.
He didn't know I was a person.
I guess a little tiny would like better if I started reading right wing articles.
then reading stories on here wouldn't be a bad idea. You know what if they were
like right-wing garbage? I'll give it a shot. Yeah. Seven ID in the pool we're
gonna be way way over 800 by the top of the hour. That's pretty exciting news.
Not. Well that's the third. It's I'll trace what is it? I'll trace the Julio. See.
Now this this fact that we just got it is this a joke or what? Or maybe they're
not listening is that possible? It's possible. Neil and George you have to see
this movie. The link is long. I know you can actually also find a film by
Googling. Googling zeitgeist. Z-E-I-T-G-E-I-S-T an hour 56 long. If you like to
lose change you will love love love this film. It says whoever sent this in
thank you so much but we just got through going through all of this with
somebody else with Paul. It shows how everything is volshmid,
religion, government, finance, Tom Jicke. The powerful are those who know the
truth but use the myth against those who don't and here's the link below.
All we need the link for when we go to a zeitgeist. Right. So I guess say how maybe
we'll watch it. In fact maybe we'll put it on our link to it on our website.
Wouldn't that be good idea in the oranges.com? Sure. Maybe Eric would do that. I bet you
would. You think he might put a link or would that stink? Expect the airport
delays during the holiday journey says the aero. If you're traveling on the
4th of July tomorrow first of all you're probably a crazy person that's
number one. Be prepared for more security at the airport and more traffic on
the roads. Airports in South Florida carrying out random vehicle tests and
heightening security in the aftermath of the Glasgow airport terrorist incident
in Scotland and passenger traveling over the 4th of July are advised to arrive
extra early. Highways are also expected to be busy as the triple-ac
predicts a record turn out of drivers amid a slight easing in gas prices and
strong travel demand. A slight like about what? Two cents? The nationwide
terror alert itself on airports remains at orange as it was before the recent
failed carbon attacks in Glasgow and on and however, however, however, Lauren
Stover, date aviation assistant director for security and communications, says
she began elevating security as soon as she received word of the attempt in
Scotland. I got an idea for Tom Jicke, okay? Yeah.
Hi there boys and girls. Today we've been a very extra special friend. Stop and buy. I can't
play that. Well what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna play like three or four notes of
everything that we can't play anymore. All right. We'll back to those entertainers.
Oh we can't play that. No not even that much. Why not? Because of his
column. The nationwide terror alert, I just got to say that my
international has had a more keen on patrols. Booth is police presence and started
a random vehicle check. And a four-letter-day Hollywood deputies from the BSO
working around the clock to randomly pull over cars, buses, trucks, and taxis.
The check started Saturday and checkpoints will be moved to different terminals
throughout the week. Titan police presence was visible at both airports yesterday.
There's no thread we're aware of. This is totally totally proactive. Said chief
Roy Liddicotte who runs their port operations for the BS. Oh. Oh. We're checking for
anything out of the ordinary. He said travelers are typically asked for their
flight information and vehicle registration. If deputies see anything suspicious
they'll take a look at the truck and have a canine dog sniff the luggage in your
crotch. I'm glad to see them here. Said Andrew. Androo of course brings
dropping off her friend of the morning. We have to do what we can. I don't mind being
the late of it's from my safety. Atta Boy Andy. Buy into it baby. We're all in great
mortal fear. The only thing we have to fear is the Nazi regime. That's what we
have to fear. But no. Past year should allow as much as a half hour extra to get
through security checkpoints. It might ruin the TSA's acting federal security
director for MIA and the rules about checking bottles of gels and liquids still
apply. Bring those little plastic things. Those little baggies through
the drugs down the toilet and bring the baggies for that stuff. That's what
the security weaver is going to do. She's going to throw out the good stuff.
A rat. Each day this holiday week about 88 to 90,000 passengers expected to
travel through MIA and a four-letter day on estimated 400,000 travelers will pass
through during the week beginning last Thursday. However that vitamin
both airports is not much harder than usual possibly because the fourth of
July falls in the middle of the week. There's a lot of what you're crap that is too
you know. Yeah maybe you can straighten my ugly ass out on this but I'll try. I
get very confused. In fact I wasn't really sure that yesterday was the holiday
for people because don't lot of holidays if it falls like on you know I like
like on a Thursday or on a weekend they don't people get the Monday off. I don't
know you know we're in radio we don't get any of the days off. You don't get any
of the days off is that what you're trying to say? That's what I say. Yeah.
But how does that work? I mean the fourth is like on a Wednesday this year which
is pretty bad whoever made the calendar this week. We make the calendar okay.
Right tomorrow most people don't work. Yeah but it's in the middle of the week. Yeah well
what do you do? Does anybody any good people like to take you know those three or
four-day holiday weekends? That's what I'm trying to get. I bet you they'll take
the day off. Obviously they're not doing a very good job. They'll take the day
anyway. Now some holidays they'll know you're right they're flexible so they
move them to the appropriate nearest one. That is correct like a thousand
hundred. Not this one then they celebrate it on Monday and so people take off
on Friday and they make a four-day weekend out of it very often unless I'm
wrong. Am I wrong about that? No you're not but not this time. It might be hard
to celebrate the fourth of July on like the sixth. Oh pardon me. Well what does
that mean? Because it's called the fourth of July. Well that never stopped
them before. Today we've seen good at miles. Falls on the Saturday or Sunday then
then Monday is a holiday. I'm telling you right now mister and believe me in any
good aroma puts me in a coma. Anyway the triple A
estimates that a record of 41.1 million Americans believe home this holiday
weekend. Now what what is the data on this? This is today's. I don't understand
this holiday weekend or this holiday week. I see excuse me who wrote this.
Ena Paiva Cordal excuse me Ena about 34.7 million travelers or 84% of all
holiday vacationers expected to drive a point seven percent increase from
the 34.5 million ruby year ago. The greatest number of fourth of July
auto travelers 8.9 million will be registered in the southeast in the southeast.
Oh my God. The project that projected boost is partly due to the recent
dip in gas prices. The national average of 296 a gallon for a self-server
is down 23 cents from a month ago. What a bargain. Thank you mister president
for those bargain basement gas prices. Worst talk radio I've heard in my life
560 W 2.8. Absolutely. Wouldn't it be nice if they found
chandra sitting in a shade chain drinking booze wouldn't it be nice if they
found chandra sporting one of those computer juice. Then this all of
to me. I obviously see whether people
who technology women do not learn this Middle Class
As she lapsed in hell,
God, her pinky.
Oh, what is this tonight?
It was pretty nice.
It's the LUM 45 at 5.16 WNQ.
And we got mad dog or two,
and then the Humper comes in.
And then we got that Dolphin's All Access
at the Humper.
The Humper actually ain't coming in because he's in Vegas.
But he will be on the power hour, four to five.
Is that correct? Yes?
Yes.
That's what I was going to.
And Jesse Agruin,
and I'm 30, because like I said,
a high-paid guy like Eddie Kay,
he ain't coming into a half an hour before a ballgame.
Especially on the eve of the Fourth of July.
No Jew comes in on the Fourth of July,
and for half an hour.
So Joe comes back and says,
cooking with Manage was a fill-hand-rebonne.
Is that what I said?
Yup.
And it was hilarious.
Manage was the chef and boat-cambry did his best to screw up the recipe,
while sounding like a dumb-jock named Lefty.
Oh, boat-cambry sounding like a dumb-jock must add heart and work hard to do that.
Those days at WIMD were the best Joe said,
and too bad about Phil,
and also too bad about Miguel.
Are you sure?
Yeah, at least the last part.
Well, thank you, Joe,
whatever you were talking about.
What is he talking about?
I don't know.
He's living in the past,
like a lot of other people like Tommy Jicca, you know?
For what it's worth, we have that.
We have what?
Cooking with Manage.
Jemanage.
It's an, it's in the thing?
No, no, I have the CD.
I have the best of the fill-hand-rebonne.
Is it good enough that we want to play it?
I've never heard it or heard of it.
You never heard of it?
Of it?
Until now.
I think I look at the CD.
Do you have it?
I have it, I'm holding it.
There it is.
Well, you're holding a case, you're holding the CD.
Both?
So in other words, if I said,
well, let's play a little bit of it right now,
you couldn't do it because you got it in the case.
Oh, you'd have to stall a little bit more than that, yeah.
824 votes on a world-famous Shirley B. Poll.
Peace would have a better shot in the world if, you know, if,
right, chicken's feed.
Love it now.
That was long enough.
Okay, let's hear just a little bit.
Then we'll decide.
The fill-hand-re-show now presents
Cooking with Mandage and Bo-Campers.
Greatest food boxing.
We take the buck.
Another tasty recipe from the cookbook of Jim Mandage,
former Dolphin Gray and Kim Bo-Campers, former Dolphin Gray.
Current broadcasting grade.
Now let's go into the kitchen with Jim Mandage and Kim Bo-Campers.
Leaving everyone, it's just Jim Mandage and,
or may I WIOD,
that's right, Kim, just cut that very,
in a very, very fine, fine, good.
Something's on the ground.
Something's on the ground.
A little bit.
A step-step we're going to be using.
And I like celery.
A lot of people badmouth celery.
I tell you right now, I'm going to bang on this all year.
I like celery.
Everybody badmouth celery in front of me.
And I tell your friend,
you're going to be disappointed.
Tell me you're doing all right with that.
You don't tell you.
You know, I really like celery too.
All right then.
We don't want your opinion.
I'm just asking you, are you cutting the celery up?
You don't do it right, Jim.
All right.
Kim Bo-Campers, great Dolphin.
Now, the other thing that we're going to do tonight
is we're going to have who will be me.
What do you mean what about you?
What about the Kim Bo-Campers?
You said we were going to be able to do.
Okay, I think that's enough.
Now, how'd you like it?
What?
Oh, I'll wait a minute.
I didn't say that right.
Do you like it?
No.
Oh, I didn't either.
That's why I said that's enough.
Goldman's by writes the OJ book.
Oh, no.
What?
That's funny and, I don't know, sick and ironic.
I don't know.
I'm ironic.
Yeah, boy, if you listen to the story,
maybe you'll be able to pass better judgment on it
or maybe just pass a little gas.
Right, or just pass all together.
I'm ready to pass.
Here's George for next two hours.
Hey, everybody.
The family of Ron Goldman has purchased the right
to OJ Simpson's canceled book.
If I did it, if I do it,
I'll put it back.
The book writes will be held in the name of Ron Goldman LLC.
Goldman family attorney, David Cook said.
Oh, pardon me.
Goldman was slain along with Simpson's ex-wife.
He was a writer at the Goldman's Simpson 94.
The former football star has maintained his innocence
because he's a lying butcher and murderer.
He was acquitted of murder, but Goldman's family
won a civil wrongful death case against him,
now totally more than 33 million bucks.
Ron Goldman LLC will own Simpson's name,
likeness, signature and story,
and will hawk it to satisfy this terrible judgment
just as has arrived in Miami Cook's head.
The Goldman's on the coffee, right, media rights, and movie rights.
They also acquire Simpson's name, likeness,
life story and writer publicity and connection with the book.
The Goldman's want to rename the book Confessions of a Double Murderer
and plan to shop it around, Cook said.
My mom told me, you better shop around.
Wow.
You know what my mom said?
You better shop around.
She said it twice.
It's a miracle.
According to the settlement,
the Goldman's must pay the bankruptcy trustee
10% of the first four million dollars in gross proceeds
and a percentage of all proceeds beyond that.
Well, at least they're going to get something,
a little something to something.
Better shop around, baby.
Oh, pardon me, here.
And then she said,
Simpson's Roy, yell,
a galanter, which sounds like Yanta to me.
Y-Yanta said the bankruptcy trustee
doesn't have the right to sell anything on behalf of his client.
Last month, US bankruptcy judge AJ Crystal
paved the way I wonder if he's going to AJ Doey.
Paved the way from Monday settlement
by upholding the Goldman's right to their claim.
He also ruled that a company started by Simpson's daughter, Arnill,
was set up to perpetuate fraud.
Huh.
Lorraine Brook associates,
which are the right to the book,
can be considered as belonging to the former football star, Crystal said.
OJ Simpson's book contract with Harper Cones
in a money trail showing 630 grand transferred from the publisher
to Lorraine Brook and then to Simpson for his expenses
confirmed his connection to the company, Crystal said.
630 grand.
Telephone email messages left for Kendrick Whittle,
the attorney for Simpson's daughter,
and independent trustee Drew Dilworth,
were not a meme we turn about again.
I wonder if Drew Dilworth is kind of Dwayne Dilworth,
the old-time harness driver in Jackson,
Harnas Raceway in Jackson, Michigan.
Dwayne Dilworth, maybe.
And here comes T-Fosceola on the far-out side,
51 bucks to win.
How many years ago that was?
T-Fosceola, Dwayne Dilworth.
It was 100 years ago, man, and I was there at Jackson, Harnas Raceway.
And here comes Clarence Aod on the inside side,
sneaking up along the rail.
What is this man talking about?
Does anybody know?
Not even me.
I don't know how hell could you know.
I like doing that.
I like just, you know, because I'm a rambling guy.
And Tommy Jikker thinks that's like more entertaining
than meeting those stupid stories,
although I'm sure he's pleased that I read his story.
And he happens to be right.
The fairness doctrine is idiotic.
In other words, if I say it's two o'clock,
we got to bring on somebody that says it's like one o'clock,
because in the central time zone it is,
and we only wish it were two o'clock.
Oh, God.
There he goes again.
I know.
It's pretty rough when you only got to work two days a week,
and one day you get two hours sleep and you feel like crap.
But that's the way life goes.
You know, there are issues.
George tells me he's got issues every day.
Yeah.
Thank God.
I only have issues once in a great while.
You're not very worried.
I'm just too old to be a parent, you know what I mean?
I'm here.
I'm here at least.
In fact, no matter how old I was,
I never would have been a good parent.
It's a good thing I'm an old fag.
You don't know that?
You don't know that.
I do know that.
No, no, no.
I worry too much.
I just can't deal with that kind of business.
That might make you a good parent.
No, it does not make you good.
You know what it makes you?
A nervous wreck.
Uh-huh.
Which is really direct.
By the way, is he still a work there, Todd Wreck?
Yes.
And PD Lenny.
Is he had an incredible impact on the show since he came back?
You know, it's the people that will leave,
and then they come back, like PD Lenny.
And who is the other one?
Gary Sarner.
Oh, and not Gary Sarner.
He's not like a wife, yeah.
A hundred times, sure.
Brian Schmuss.
Brian Schmuss.
Oh, yeah, I'm trying to forget about him.
But I'm going to tell you something.
This other guy.
Didn't they bring this guy in from Raleigh also,
this Hank Guerrero?
Where do they find him?
I bust bench.
I believe you're right.
Yeah, he's another loser they brought in.
He would know if he's a copy.
If they made toilet paper,
if they made the whole role into a commercial copy,
he wouldn't recognize it.
He is pathetic.
And yet Miguel gets canned.
You know, they've got so many losers
running around in that joint.
But if you're from Raleigh,
if you're one of the jolly Joe clan,
then you've got a job for life.
And if you don't like your job,
well, far, something to make a better job for you.
How do you like that?
We're pretty pissed off about everybody,
but Miguel getting stabbed in the back.
Okay, for many reasons,
first of all, he actually spoke English.
It's probably because he was born in Chicago,
but nevertheless,
I mean, were you kind of shocked?
Yeah, actually.
I mean, with this crew,
almost nothing shocks me,
but that shocked a lot of me.
Clarence calls me up.
He calls me up at home to tell me about it on a Thursday night.
8.45 in the evening calls me up to
to lay the bad news to destroy my day.
I said, well,
thanks for calling with the bad news.
You schmuck, you idiot.
You're very.
I also said this.
What?
I also said that Roli gets the privilege of training this new guy,
and then they're going to fire him.
Really?
Roli Miguel's second?
Right.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, that's just, you know,
we can all feel it.
Can you smell it?
Is it palpable?
Hmm?
It's puzzled.
So my favorite word is it's palpable.
You can feel it. You can smell it.
You know what I'm talking about.
It's like shopping at Evercrombie and Fitch.
Oh, God, what I like to touch.
Jesus Christ.
Just once in your lifetime.
Believe me, there's plenty of everything in there.
Oh, my goodness.
And all the young,
I don't know what to call them.
Jits.
I bet you're pardon?
Punks.
No, no, but not just punks,
but all the young, well to do.
The young money crowd.
Oh, yeah.
That's the upwardly mobile.
Yeah, that's right.
What we used to call back into the, the yuppie crowd.
They're all in there,
and they're all like strutting around in their, you know.
Maybe that's why I won't go in there and, um,
maybe never will.
You, you ought to go in there.
Why not?
You can't look.
Is there now illegal in George Bush's American even look?
Uh, I might feel, uh, I don't know, plastic.
Oh, oh, oh, plastic is the word.
There's plenty.
In fact, if you like to match in air, man, there's going to be a sea of plastic.
That's right.
843 votes on the pool.
We're going to be, we're on our way to 900.
And then easy over 1,000 of us,
a Christ is like,
dancing around like a madman.
He's probably doing the kazanski right now.
Listen, Freddie, quit.
Whenever I shake my ball,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
I'm Dr. Neil Clark Warren, founder of eTragedy.com.
When two soulmates meet for the first time,
it's a powerful experience.
I'm John Ramsey.
I never thought I'd find someone who shared the same experiences as me.
Then I found Beth.
I'm Beth Holloway.
When I first met John,
I was amazed at what we had in common.
At eTragedy.com,
we match people based on 29 levels of gut wrenching misfortune.
So you're guaranteed to meet that special someone.
We were talking five minutes, not found out.
He knows Reda Van Susterman.
And she knows Nancy Grace.
Isn't that incredible?
When it comes to love,
every cloud has a silver lining.
In fact, we're going to get married.
It's our honeymoon.
I'm taking her to a river.
Not damn.
A-tragedy.com.
Because sometimes love is going to creep me.
Speaking of creep me,
it's trouble 156 W.A.M.
848 votes in our decent pool.
It's not the worst.
Yesterday was one of the worst.
Did you like that pool?
No.
Still, it was one I didn't have to think of.
That is correct.
We just got this pile of stuff that Charlie B. Sins in.
And, you know,
God forbid that we should think of anything new and creative.
Because, yeah, we don't want to do that then Tom Zick.
Am I right about it?
What a jerk, you know, what a jackass.
You don't like the show? That's fine.
You're entitled.
You entitled to hate the show like poison.
Just like we hate you, Tom.
It's not personal.
Oh, yeah, yeah, it is.
Personal and its business.
Oh, and Brandon's bugging me for Godfather drops.
I know where you're from.
You broke my life.
You broke my life.
Right here, buckle.
Family and a lot of buckle.
I can say I'm a Bible Holy Holy did this.
And a Bible Holy Holy did that.
So I said, yeah, sure.
We're on our way to Brooklyn.
I hope Mike's and Dan is a good deal tonight.
Sure he will.
So, Tom, the voice has become a separate kindness for you
to go on ahead.
And he can't do that.
It scrubs up all my arrangements.
Oh, that's what he said.
I can't go either, Sam.
Tom Mike was the only business.
I always liked him.
You understand?
Excuse me, Sam.
Tom, can you get me off the hook?
We're all the timescakes.
You can't do it, Sam.
I want to make him an offer again.
Of course, and listening to the audio, we can't.
The best part of Robert Duvella where he says,
can't do it, Sam.
He gives that nod to the hitman, you know, like, uh, get rid of him.
Right?
Right.
He gives like a little nod.
848 votes.
Now, is it we stuck on that or what?
I don't want to have another one of these days where we just assume, you know,
what I tell you, Chris, whatever assume you're way into it.
853.
There you go.
There's a little chunk.
We'll get it.
Yeah, we're going to get it all right.
When you're working for these people in the end, sooner or later,
don't everybody gets it.
I thought that the previous crew, I thought that they were evil and, you know,
well, they were.
And, you know, I wasn't going to change my mind on that.
They definitely were.
But not in the same sense as these people.
You know, I mean, Greg, he had Gary Sarner and the Water Noughtsie and Screw-Anne and, uh,
Maddie Bell and, you know, his group of misfits, you know,
his little group of sucker fans.
But this guy, I mean, what are these people to him?
The fact that they work for him up there in Raleigh.
So therefore, it makes sense to bring them to Miami.
Is that the idea?
Is that the logic?
He worked with them.
He likes them.
You know, I was going to say, you know, they do a good job.
And the people that used to work across the street who were figures over there,
like the juice and like toast.
Well, that's not.
It sounds like a, or a freaking buffet is what a breakfast buffet.
So you forget the one and only, or something.
Sounds like they brunch.
You forget the one and only programming principle of this radio station.
Yeah.
They're talking sports.
It's good and everybody wants to listen to that.
We could just get omelette on the air.
Boy, we have juice toast and omelette and spinachy.
Yeah, we have a full on breakfast buffet, baby.
Oh, McCain cuts staff amid poor fundraising.
I hope you like this article, Tommy.
Republican John McCain's struggle to keep his deeply troubled campaign afloat yesterday,
laying off dozens of staffers after lackluster fundraising
and excessive spending left him with just $2 million for his second presidential bid.
Just $2 million bucks for quite a lot of piker.
Oh, I got to spell it because the vote campers take notes.
Now, were you on vacation when that incident happened?
Yes, I was.
You were on vacation.
Now, I'm sure that others recall exactly what happened.
Am I right, Chris? Do others recall?
Um, by those of you me and me, yeah.
Yeah.
Were you the only other one there?
Unless there's somebody hiding out of the counter?
No.
And there were people who swore up and down, at least I'm told.
You know, I mean, I wasn't there to hear it.
Who swore that they heard me say that?
The seaworth.
And by saying the seaworth, by the way, I'm not talking about...
No, I'm talking about Koon.
Koon, CON, Koon, Rhymes with Goon.
And vote camper takes the words of these marginal people and goes on a year.
And then goes into a tie right against me.
Oh, he's hiding behind his skirt up there in Toronto.
Why, Dury, to come down there and see it through his face.
Did you hear that part of it?
Nope.
Yeah.
I need to be behind my skirt up here in Toronto.
Behind my dress.
Consider the GOP frontrunner just six months ago.
McCain trails his top rivals in money.
And in the polls, McCain's fortune's sourd this year.
He embraced Bush's true of increased for the Iraq War.
And that's because McCain is insane.
He never meant to worry didn't like.
A conflict and majority of Republican support, and bipartisan immigration billets divided
the GOP, he also fought to win over skeptical observatives who make up the core of the party.
Officials with knowledge of the reorganization said more than 50 staffers,
perhaps as many as 80 to 100.
And every department of McCain's campaign were being let go, and senior aides will be subject to pay cuts.
These officials spoke on condition of anonymity because the campaign would not publicly discuss specifics.
And you know who's coming in to replace some of them, by the way?
You know where they're coming from?
Raleigh.
That's it.
Good guess.
The campaign's fundamental leadership will not change.
Terry Nelson, the better runner president of Bush is winning 2004 stolen election campaign.
Or main campaign manager, but said he would volunteer his time instead of drawing a salary for the next few months.
A few senior aides are doing the same.
We confronted reality, and we dealt with it the best way we could, so that we could move forward with this campaign focused on winning our primaries in the early states Nelson said.
Always like that, Nelson.
McCain raised just 11.2 million dollars in the second financial court of the year, which ended Saturday.
That was less than 13.6 million, he brought in during the first three months when he came in third behind Mitt Romney and Rudy Giuliani.
What the hell?
I mean, Mitt Romney, you know, I mean forget about the fact that he's a moron.
I'm Mormon.
Forget that if you can.
But who the hell need to know who he is?
Am I right?
Well, who?
And what would be a major strategic shift the campaign so was seriously considering taking public matching funds of about six million bucks, but doing so could tie the campaign's hands by limiting the amount of money can spend in individual states, especially if his rivals for both taxpayers' money is expected.
Nelson acknowledged the campaign has faced a series of challenges over the past six months and said it made incorrect assumptions about their fundraising ability.
At one point, we believe we could raise over 100 million dollars during this calendar year, and we constructed a campaign based on that assumption.
Nelson said that he said proved to be wrong.
At its peak, FEC records show McCain's payroll covered 150 staffers from January through March. McCain spent nearly 1.6 million on salaries, the highest among Republican candidates.
Romney was second at 1.1 million and Julie Annie spent 900,000 and a partridge in the periphery. Who cares?
Do you think any of them got a chance? Well, any of them are against Hillary. Of course, then they got a chance of a Japanese guy's chance too.
It'll be a wash.
A wash? You think she's washing it?
Something.
Oh boy. What a thought just came to my mind. I can't... I couldn't even begin to tell you. You already know what a grotesque thought that was.
Hillary is washing. Maybe she's washing the duty laundry.
I was unsure about plenty of that. Sheldon, they all. Now what's that we got to watch? Zike guys?
Yeah, the link is up or he's working on it or it's done. One of those things.
Well, let me take a look at our home page since I never look at that thing.
And there's a link, you think? Right above Brady.
Oh, there it is. Right out of the pool. Right above Brady Quinn doing his best Saturday night live imitation there.
He's doing a combination of John Travold and Michael Jackson there, wouldn't you say?
Okay. That's what I'm thinking.
Zike guys, the movie is right between Brady and the pool. Right above Brady's pool.
And 860 nine on that pool by the way, not too bad.
By the bottom of the air we'll have 900.
We're gonna go way over a thousand. What was I worried about?
Because it's the third of July. That's what I was worried about.
The third of freaking July, maybe. It's the dog days. It's dead valley days.
Now what's the traffic like these days?
Um, lighter than usual, but still.
It's still. Still. It's still.
Still idiots out there for some reason.
Oh, not in South Florida.
I like it. By the way, Tommy, how about that article you wrote four or five years ago,
way back in the beginning when I started doing shows from here?
Well, Rogers will have to prove he's got to be out of touch.
Touch this time.
And he never even. He never even bought the dimension any future column.
Because he doesn't write about radio ordinarily anyhow.
He never bought the dimension and even being 1200 miles away.
And we got our thumb right on it, man.
No problem. Like during the hurricanes. No sweat.
871 votes on Charlie B's award winning pool.
That Charlie B really something, man.
I can't say the word on here, but he be it.
Peace would have a better shot in the world if.
If there were no religions to divide people, 387.
If, and of course there will never be such a thing as peace is a close second, 350.
Excuse me. If the US learned to respect other countries sovereignty 89,
no more Iraq attacks. Okay.
No more occupying other countries based out of us.
Alize. If we bomb Iran's only got 27.
Thank the Lord. If anybody, if everybody could just join hands and start a love train 18.
What do you say? Everybody join hands.
I got it here somewhere. I got it in my hand right now.
And the disc too.
Everybody join hands. Let's stop killing each other. Let's stop all the below.
And let's say outlaw religion would be a really good idea. All of them.
All of them. All of them. All men made their bodies.
Maybe all of them.
I think it's important.
I think it's important.
I think it's important.
I'm fine. I love train. I just hop on this.
If we bomb Iran 27.
If everybody could just join hands, start a love train 18.
That's how we read some of those couple of times.
Kill some good time.
If we could buy the world of coke and keep it company.
Nine. Now most people don't know that song anymore.
Do they?
How many years since they ran that campaign?
I'd like to buy the world of coke.
Oh, 72 you said so.
No, that was when the song came out. Not the coast spot.
Oh, I thought they were back to back, weren't they?
You thought they were simultaneous side by east within a year or two of each other.
But it is so Canadian side by each.
If arms do is route law six and if people stop joining the military only five.
How come that's only got five votes?
I mean, if people would stop getting trained to kill each other.
Well, we're defending our freedoms.
We've got to get them over there before they get us over here.
For Rogers.
I thought Kristi and the TV was fairy tale.
A completely different thing to just think was not for me.
Or they held a big convention for me.
And let me implore free.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
Oh, they were speaking in tongues.
That's right.
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking in tongues.
They got me believing my tongue is weaving from side to side.
What happened to that?
What happened to that?
What happened to that?
What happened to that?
No, no, it will now embrace me.
I thought my tongue to the beat.
So I heard her mouth.
Whatever I do, you'll forgive me.
Oh, because now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing round with my mouth.
Now I speak in tongues.
Now I'm having fun.
Now I'm having fun.
Now I'm having fun.
Marry me, Marry me, Marry me.
Marry me, Marry me, Marry me, Marry me.
Marry me, Marry me, Marry me.
Now the force depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life with the flight to midnight.
It seems like a job for you to do
Don't you marry me
Don't you marry me
You have a brand new style too
We love the way you want your do
With the big B under chest and full bruise in my dress
You're bending those two are all ready
Oh my god
Oh my god
Who's with the speed of a good sound
Sex the bad guy straight to hell
When a building starts to grow
With your limits then he dies
You're a crushing crime with what's fighting for
You're a crushing crime with what's fighting for
What's happening
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than your
Huh?
My beliefs are what's required to avoid a lack of fire
My religion's better than your staff
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
Huh?
My religion advocates ministry and racial aid
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
What we like about it best I find our boys are aware of dress
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
I speak of it
We have no respect for what we've been
Divered to make a living by the religion better than yours
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
Huh?
My religion's better than yours
Huh?
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
We were beating each other
Divered to make a living by the religion's better than yours
Please
My religion's better than your religion
My religion's better than yours
We knock on doors to father
You like full of brushless
You are new
My religion's better than your wife
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
My religion's better than yours
We don't want to use our brains for mindless living
Don't worry, my religion's better than yours
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Got different than grass
The pub's stovestow
He likes his fucking mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a groupie right there
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Guy and I are met again
They do high up stuff
Olsen won't get down on red
Jesus breaks our back
Jesus plays a super heavy
Never shout chug
Olsen won't get down on low
Beats the church at church
The pub's stovestow
Got different than grass
The pub's stovestow
He likes his fucking mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a groupie right there
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
We are checking children up there
He'll take the chair for a watch
Chill for cats and take a pill
A nice, he's got it, touch it
Take them to the bed
Not ain't chugin' for a cold and cold
First you're choking, be it
Took a narrow one and spoke
The pub's stovestow
Guy gave it a breath
The pub's stovestow
He likes his fucking mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a groupie right there
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
The pub's getting higher
High up high up
The pub's getting higher
High up high up
The pub's getting higher
High up high up
The pub's getting higher
High up high up
The pub's stovestow
Guy gave it a breath
The pub's stovestow
He likes his fucking mask
The pub's stovestow
He's a groupie right there
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Oh yeah
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
The pub's stovestow
Feeling the common theme
Yeah I kind of put it together
It took me a while back there
I think it was pardoned
I thought it was great
Oh
900 votes even on the pool
Chris is dancing all around the room
He's doing the horror
Ken horror
What's that? It's a dance
It's a ju- a ju- a ju dance
Oh okay then yeah we don't think it is
900 votes even
We got an hour and a half to get to 1000 easy pickings baby
You know it's what even on the third of July
Wow
Not a real feather in the Chris's camp
Of course
Can you see- can you- when I worded George Go
Right here
Oh well how come he answered
Because you're talking about the pole
It was like cataracts
His eyes just went white
Oh man you're just such a hard to answer it's incredible
Doug Thompson writes speaking of that
Doug- Doug- Doug Taney
Dick Taney's Polaroids
He says over lunch last week
A friend speculated that vice president
Taney must have some interesting polaroid photos
of president George W. Bush
Nothing else explains why Taney has so much power
He said he's got to hold something over bush
Interesting thought like most politicians bush has a
Classical as skeletons
Although most have been thoroughly vetted by now
Avoiding the Vietnam war by having out in the Texas
Their guard hard drinking, rumors of cocaine use etc.
So what's left for Taney to know what could the polaroid shots show
The aging frat boy getting a dog with underage Mexican horror and Tijuana
Even Mexican horrors have standards
White House intern underneath servicing the first member
Not likely said my friend as she noted
Who- who want that man's Johnson and her mouth
Bush's not a- can I move on please
When I read those things
I try to move on very fast
Bush's ruining a mountain of coke
If past rumors are true bush doesn't have enough mucus membrane left
To use a Vixen Hale or much less nose candy
The Bush twins getting on with their college football teams
That's not news both bush girls were known party animals
Laura and Leathers wielding whips and chains
Let's not even go there
That's the problem with Bush
He's such a miserable president
It's hard to suspect him of normal human weaknesses
We know Bill Clinton would cop a field
But Bush is such a failure on so many levels
That suspecting him of normal weaknesses just doesn't come into play
It's also a disturbing commentary on the American political system
Clinton can be impeached for long about dalliances with an intern
But Bush can't be touched about lying about a war that sends
Thousands of American men and women to their deaths
Paul Wolfwood's help manufacture false intelligence
To help sell the Iraq war to a gullible Congress and American public
And was rewarded with a cushy job at the World Bank
It took promoting his girlfriend and giving her a big fat raise to bring him down
We punish people for human failings
And give them a pass for four more serious crimes against the nation and the Constitution
In such an environment, Dick Cheney doesn't need proto-wed pictures of George W. Bush or anybody else
All he needs is the failure of the American political system
That's what Dr. Thompson says and for more of my fan assets, I think he sees it
He dies me
Oh God
This is loaded to spell with Don L
I've been Don L. Jackson
And today we're going to spell the word broken
Fellig with me now, broken, VR old KEN
Now, let's use it in the fence
So I say it through the coach I say it's man
That broken show throw a football
This is loaded to spell with Don L
I've been Don L. Jackson
This is loaded to spell with Don L
I've been Don L. Jackson
And today we're going to spell the word European
Fellig with me now, European
EURO P-E-A-A
That's a big one
Now, this is used in the fence
So I say it through the guy I say it's hey
Get away from my car, European on my tire
This is loaded to spell with Don L
I've been Don L. Jackson
1233-560 WQA
And we have 942 votes on the pool
Maybe this is how we do the 1000
What do you think?
Wouldn't that be something a little feather into your ass?
Yep, that we can save votes for tomorrow's vote
What do you mean by that?
Are you on the 4th of July?
Yeah, well that way I think
I think we have to leave the pool the same
A lot of great idea, that's a spectacular idea
Oh, well maybe not leaving the same but do I don't know
I mean what kind of a response you're going to be on the 4th of July? What?
What kind of losers are going to be voting on our website on a 4th of July pool?
Should have
With no friends, with no family, with no lives, with no kids
Are listeners?
Yeah, that's true
I'm going to sit and come up with a good pool
The US Commerce Department sent an independent team to the National Hurricane Center today
To finish an unscheduled review to determine if four casters can fulfill their mission under current management
Senator director Bill Prons has been chastised by his bosses
Actually publicly complained about budget shortfalls and the federal government has faded to replace the key aging satellite that his forecasters use
Commerce Undersecretary Conrad Lottonbacher
Well, what do they name that? Is that kind of like a well-preserved hair on the back of your neck?
Senator Bevyv, that started yesterday was lost because he became aware of concerns about the Hurricane Center's ability to meet its mission
He didn't give specifics
I want to ensure the centers continue rating this not only for this season but for future seasons
He said in the memo Friday to center staffers, Lottonbacher also has NOAA
And his ARC, National Oceanic and MSFIR Administration, which oversees the National Weather Service, the Hurricane Center's parent agency
Through employee interviews, the team will assess the Hurricane Center's ability to provide accurate and timely information
And whether its management organizational structure helps achieve the center's mission, Lottonbacher, wrote
That's Conrad Lottonbacher
The team was also instructed to assess whether the center learned lessons from the 2005 Hurricane season and other storms
Proins has been in the job since January after long career at the Weather Service, he confirmed the inspection last night
Well, there they came, they came sneaking in the middle of the night, I guess looking around
Just looking around, you know, looking through the books, looking through the waste baskets, looking through the keyhole
That's right, peeping through the keyhole is another one we can't play time, that's a good bit
That's great
I love this
I'm 19
I'm a fool
Well, a lot of fun, but we can't hear about it, not no more
Yeah, see, if I was timing, I wanted to write something about local radio
An article about Joyce Fitz would be a good article wouldn't it?
Ooh, that'd be not following
Yeah, that's one thing about the FCC, everybody's written about that, but about Joyce Fitz and the chilling effects he's had on this show
And on this radio station and on the universe in which we live
Chilling
A chilling effect
And you know what, I continue taking the money and the damn well deserved it
After 31 years of this crap plus a couple of months
919 votes on the poll, we'd like to get close to a thousand by the top of the hour
So we don't have to make a big submissive about it during the year
And we're not going for like no 11, 12, nothing like that
I'm a third of July, you'd have to be a creator, wouldn't you think?
Well, I don't know
I wouldn't
No, what? Let's take it easy today
No, no, I'm not talking about that, but wouldn't you think that a tremendous number of people who are going to be
Travelling for the holiday that they're already gone?
Yeah, like for example, yesterday here was Canada Day, first of July
Well, actually it was celebrated on, it was the second of July, wasn't it?
See that, that's what I'm talking about
I do believe the Canada Day is July 1, but they celebrate the holiday yesterday because it's the Monday
And if the fourth of July would have been on Sunday, then yesterday would have been the fourth of July holiday
See, that's what I was trying to tell you before, but I did it very inarticulately
And that's because I'm a zombie
So one thing to talk about Evercrobbe and Fitz is another thing to talk about Evercrobbe and Zombie
See when you go and Evercrobbe and Fitz, one of the real bonuses, one of the real pluses in there
Is the fact that it's insane, it's always mobbed
You would think that they were giving stuff away
You think they were handing out $100 bills
Just mobbed with all these unbelievably smoldering people
And so it's very easy to, oh, like, oh, excuse me, and I'm saying
It's very easy to just kind of like take a tumble into the hottest looking whoever happens to be around
And they've always got a greeter at the door when you first walk in which I don't know too many retail stores where they do that
It's more and more everybody's got a greeter
How are they doing? Yeah
And what they do at Evercrobbe and Fitz because I think a huge portion of their clientele is either gays, males or chicks
They take the hottest looking guy and they put him right there in the doorway
All right
All right, all right, it's not the word, seriously, I don't even want to go into it
I'll start getting very much
I heard you did want to go into it
Well, it all depends on what you're talking about
Hentelers maybe
Just stop with all that...
Back to the lock, okay? What? I didn't bring that up
You heard me, yeah, you did
923 votes on that pool, man
We'll crawl along, we'll get to there
One of these days, you'll see, we'll get there
Oh, look at this, this is kind of almost interesting
Hey, listen, Tommy
It says, all the time, it's like, the poor sense of smell
And because you stink, Tommy, maybe it fits right in
Yeah, maybe if Rogers would go back to that fun and entertainment
Or it would sure be a big improvement over him
Sitting there reading these boring articles on you
Which, of course, they're all left-wing proper gander
If it was a bunch of right-wing propaganda
It was a bunch of fascist, nasty crap
Then, Tommy would probably love it
He'd probably write a whole week's worth of columns on it
Nice going, Neil, you found religion just like Phil Henry
Are you sure? Yeah
Total sell-out, piece of turd
Difficultly identifying common smells
Such as lemon, banana and cinnamon
Maybe the first sign of Alzheimer's disease
According to a study that could lead to a scratch and sniff test
To determine a person's risk for the progressive brain disorder
Scratch and sniff, I'm going to go to Abercrobian Fitch right now
And do a little scratch and a little sniffing
Mmm
Such test could be important if scientists find ways to slow or stop Alzheimer's
And the memory loss associated with it
For now, I mean, seriously
I go to that store and I have been there several times because my friend is a close hog
With my money
And anyway, uh,
And I look and I think to myself
This can't be possible, I've lived all these years
And even as many like in Berlin and Cologne
I think I've seen some really beautiful people in my lifetime
You know what I'm saying? Yeah
Actually, I had close encounters with a few
But I have never even dreamed that there were any such
Like, you know what I mean? Like real people like that? Sure
Holy moly, Jesus, God
For now, there's no cure for more than five-ended Americans
That's to be 300,000 Canadians
Over 65 with Alzheimer's
Researchers have long known that microscopic lesions
Considered the hallmarks of Alzheimer's
First appeared in a brain region important of the sense of smell
Strictly on the basis of an atom, yeah this makes sense
That Robert Franks an expert on odor perception of the brain
At the University of Cincinnati, Franks was not about them to study
Other studies have linked to the loss of smell
The wall of Alzheimer's Franks said, but this is the first one
To measure healthy people's old factory powers
And follow them up for five years testing for signs of metal decline
Isn't that where RT Bunker used to work a new old factory?
Right, for a while there, let me go back
In the study, 600 people before we had the bar
600 people between the ages of 54 and 100 were asked to identify a dozen from mid-year smells
Onion, lemon, cinnamon, black pepper, chocolate, rose, banana, pineapple, soap, paint thinner, gasoline and smoke
For each mystery, sent every given choice of her answers
A quarter of the people correctly identified all odors are missed only one
Half of them knew at least nine of the twelve
The lowest scoring quarter correctly identified eight or fewer of the odors
The subjects took 21 cognitive tests annually over the next five years
Those who made at least four errors on the odor test were 50% were likely to develop memory problems
And people who made no more than one error
Difficultly identifying odors was also associated with a higher risk of progressing from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's
Speaking of odors
Oh my god, you know what we haven't played even a little bit of in a long time?
What?
Boy, you're getting your-
Oh that one!
Oh we're gonna have to have a discussion about that to read a book thing
I think it needs a comeback
How do you agree?
We are agreeing with Chris and Cortist there and whoever else in OmaGel
I don't want to be able to go to God can
Oh for you Mr. Bell, thanks Carlos, my happy and gay friend
Oh joebell here, hello
Hey joe!
What won't I do for you today?
Ho ho ho!
Enjoying some of those mocha-brang-and-comedy-like spot things pulled off Neil's show
That was a corporate decision
As you know, the BBGI management are suit-wearing white people
And of course, suit-wearing white people could never do anything wrong
It's actually corporate white people
They always have a best interest at heart
Sure, we project an image of decency and authority
And that gives us license to commit any despicable act we like
Do we know how it's gonna seem like?
Yes, Jesus loves them more, which makes them accountable to no law
Ho ho ho!
You know, between you and me, the mistake of a white person in a suit is a knowledgeable authority figure
Ho ho ho! It's what put our nation in the shape it's in today
Can they have a warm smile when they insult the night?
Of course! You're in good hands with white people
Ho ho ho!
You think you can get bokeh-brang-and-stop making fun of me?
I don't know what to tell you
Yeah, I just don't know what to do
Okay, Joe! And you don't have to pay me or me and it's whatever that is
Don't worry, we won't. Bye-bye
Joe Bell, hello!
Ho ho ho! What do you know? What are you saying?
Ho ho! Mo! What do you want, Mo?
You're thinking you can get that bokeh-brang-and-stop making fun of me too?
No, yeah. I don't know what to tell you
Yeah, yeah. Just don't know what to do
Ho ho ho ho! I've heard that more than once
900 and...
About 30 men!
930 votes on our pool
It's not the best pool, but it's the third of July, what do you want before the fourth of July?
And of course, this is another one of those holidays, it doesn't make any difference of what day it falls on
Right
Because it only serves one purpose, it's got nothing to do with independence or
America or anything like that
It's got to do with the barbecues and uh, getting drunk and
shooting off a bunch of fireworks and blowing up somebody, you know, some pain in the ass
bystander gets in and where, or at least blowing off a hand
This is gonna be a hot time in high alia the night in the morning, when you think?
I'm aggit. There'll be enough fireworks. No one, and what is it, is that a human thing?
Or is that just a uh, red neck thing? What is that all about?
Both, the spikes in the hips, loves their uh, fireworks and their patriotism
And so when you get on i95 and you drive up the east coast, you know, and you drive through uh,
Carolina's in Virginia, what's the name of that place where they have all the fireworks? Do you remember?
South Carolina
But no, there's a very famous place, you always see those bumper stickers?
Do you?
Well, you at least used to, maybe a hundred years ago when I was a child
Borsher assaults rule of law to save liby. I don't want to do too many of these scooter liby stories
because let's face it, is that an American baby? Oh, there's uh, Ahmed, what's his name?
Ahmed did a judge, what's his name?
You're the one that says it right?
I can't, well listen, I'm in career, I couldn't even remember my assistant.
I am so in, oh, Makhmoud, I'm sorry, and I say Ahmed, I get my Ahmed's confused with my Makhmouds
but I do like that, I like that, who doesn't?
I like that um, somatic thing, man.
Oh, yeah, the funny part, but it's also in Dutch and in German, there's a lot of flint.
Right, so be sure to eat a lot of dairy, all you orthodox do is eat a lot of dairy.
Ari Melber, who sounds orthodox to me, in the nation rights, Borsher assaults rule of law to save liby.
It's tempting to view the commutation of prison time for Lewis liby, the disgraced White House saved convicted of lying and obstructing justice,
as another instance of craving hypocrisy by the president Bush.
As the candidate in 1999, Borsher assured the voters, I don't believe my role is to replace the verdict of a jury with my own,
unless new facts arose or the trial was unfair, a standard of which the liby case clearly fails.
Or perhaps the commutation will serve as a disturbing reminder of how the administration regularly lies with impunity in Washington.
President Bush famously promised in serious tones that a televised White House meeting to both fire and punish anyone involved in the outing of CIA age and Valerie Plame.
Instead, oh pardon me, instead he'd be tamed all the senior officials involved in this scandal, even after the roles were exposed in trial testimony and news reports, with no visible consequences.
Now the president is using his clemency power to protect the one official convicted on-belated crimes.
It is surreal statement about that choice. Bush volunteered his belief that if a person doesn't tell the truth, especially if he serves the government and holds the public trust, he must be held accountable.
But it would be wrong to criticize Bush's decision as one more hypocritical or decedable maneuver because it is actually far more profound.
The commutation of the 30-month prison sentence for Louis Lovie, the highest-ranking White House official convicted of a felony since Iran Contra, fits into a larger systemic assault on American rule of law by the Bush administration.
In fact, Libby's special treatment as a microcosm of current U.S. policy, Libby is basically receiving a post-conviction protection that the Bush administration now routinely extends to many potential criminals in the United States.
The administration successfully pushed legislationized year-granting immunity to officials who might someday be prosecuted for war crimes or torture.
It is a policy that embodies the administration's distinctly un-American view that powerful government officials should operate above the law.
The same legislation the Military Commission's act stripped constitutional rights and habeas corpus and a direct attack on the protections of the ground of the world of law in America since its founding 231 years ago this week.
The unconstitutional act like the administration's illegal detention, tortures, spying, and secret prisons will continue as long as the federal courts ignore the administration's criminal conduct in deference to claims of executive authority in the so-called global war on terror.
Even when the courts have confronted Bush's assault on the rule of law overruling detention policies in two cases and one spying lawsuit, the administration as state or a circumvent of the rulings shielded the lawbreakers within the U.S. government or simply lied by claiming all of its activities including those five crimes.
The unconstitutional by U.S. courts are illegal. When pressed on illegal torture techniques for example, Bush made the mix only in declaration of whatever we have done is legal.
Then there is the slew of rear guard actions that the administration uses to subvert the law on our democratic process. These include extreme secrecy, defined congressional subpoenas, extra legal signing statements, and unprecedented assertions of the state secret's privilege, a courtroom tactic where the administration literally tells judges that cases shouldn't proceed because they might jeopardize state secrets and it often works.
The administration defends this assault on the rule of law as vital to defending the homeland, if anything the most vocal Bush supporters are proud of their zeal to commit crimes that supposedly advance national security.
The Republicans running to replace Bush frequently tout their willingness to whip the people for the good of the people as Bordel-Air would say, well whoever the hell that was, while Bush's leading democratic opponents have rarely tackled these issues head on.
Carrie rarely mentioned torture in the 2004 campaign since Democrats generally thought human rights were political suicide after 9-11 is judged on law professor David Kool-Ard using the NYRB.
Of course, Libby can't even claim a tradeoff between law and security who lied to FBI agents to cover up the outing of a CIA agent that compromised national security.
The motivation for the leak was a potentially illegal hit job to describe American citizens who served in the US government.
It was his dirty and petty as Watergate, except this time the Kirk spoke into their own files to attack opponents.
Since the Libby commentations part of a much broader problem the president's opponents cannot afford to simply criticize it in isolation, they have a duty to outline an alternative agenda that prioritizes the rehabilitation of the rule of law, which candidates will commit to ruling back the legislative immunity for war criminals.
Kool-Commit to confronting every official responsible for misunderstanding classified information including Libby and Cheney practicing torture and legally spying on American citizens.
Kool pursuant investigations now if not if elected to follow the horrors of Abu Ghra'a, follow the horrors of Abu Ghra'a up the Cheney command past the Tegumu report however high they go.
That's the surest way to begin rescuing the rule of law in this country and restore the public trust because as Americans gathered for the 4th of July celebrations,
talk will likely turn into convicted criminals who embody Bush's approach to the rule of law, Lewis, Libby and Paris Hilton.
So powerful and rich they can live above the law and they make no apologies for it.
Americans overwhelming the opposed to pardon for Libby initial pull and suggest they oppose the commentation.
The question for politicians is not whether they agree with the public on this fundamental matter of law in order but what they're going to do about it.
Yeah, why are we talking about Scooter Libby when we got Paris Hilton we got bigger fish to fry right?
Oh yeah, let's get back to that pitch.
941 votes on the poll we're not going to make no thousand by one o'clock but I think it's fairly safe to say we got to lick.
Are we looking at it or what?
Look at some press.
Now what was on the food agenda today?
Do we have any idea what restaurant is going to be on through?
They're not.
I don't think we have any.
This week.
I beg your pardon.
I don't think we have one this week.
Do you want to say that again a little bit louder?
No, no, no, no.
Because the duck was in there when you heard him yourself this morning even though I was very incoherent I was very rude to him which I don't apologize for just leave me alone.
And he was a ping on my leg about what a great job I did and blah blah blah blah blah and you know I asked him about it and he said that because of the short week basically you know missing a day that people didn't want to buy into it on this week.
People didn't want to do what?
Buy into it on this week.
Sounds like a really lame excuse to me, duh.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying sounds like a really lame ass excuse to me.
Pay people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two-hour.
Yeah!
What's up y'all?
This is your boy Z-Mike.
See how you even saw us with like hooks and concepts right?
But for that man I'm trying to go black and some of the boxes check this out y'all.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
I'm saying sounds like a really lame excuse to me.
Okay now what do we decide?
We're not playing that anymore or one.
I stopped but you go.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I'm going to play.
I think you finally you know put my finger on it.
You've got your thumb in it.
950 votes in the pool.
We're going to get to a thousand or Chris is fired.
We'll find somebody in Rolly to replace you man.
I'll say that, somebody fat like Jolly Joe you know he's fat.
Take your time.
What did Hank say he was like a fat-ass sucking something.
Senator Barrack Obama reported raising a list he here's that story.
Remember I promised you about eight hours ago.
Seems like eight hours anyway.
Yeah, you know something if I make it to two o'clock today
I deserve a gold star in a purple jelly bean as Jerry Wishing it would say a hundred years ago before he croaked
I
Mean I just can't even imagine it's gonna happen. Here's George. Hey
I just I just thought I'm gonna do it
And especially my age if you if you see I can function on like five six hours sleep but two uh-uh
No way no way Jose
Barack Obama reported raising at least $32.5 million for a presidential campaign from April through June
That's a record for a Democratic candidate. How do you like that? Somebody must like him besides just me and
The professor and a few of the rest of us
That's more than what Senator Hillary Rottenblum's main Democratic rival has since you would race for the reporting period that ended
Saturday at least $31 million of Obama's total is for party primers according to his campaignates
The first term Senator for Illinois received donations for more than a hundred and fifty four thousand individual contributors and through the first half of the year had
258,000 donors
Obama raised 25.7 million in the first quarter of the year
Volting ahead of Clinton the money races an important achievement despite broad public interest
No, but I was candidacy he trails the New York Senator and former First Lady in the National Poles
Several leading candidates in both parties have raised money for both the primary and general elections Clinton has been the most aggressive and tapping donors for both
She's tapping them
General election money however can't be used unless the candidate becomes the nominee early in the year Obama raised more than Clinton in primary dollars
Clinton needs to sit you would raise in the range of 27 million in the April through June period and ready to do Obama would do better
Only Republican George W. Bush in each presidential campaign raised comparable month in the second quarter of the year before the general election
The single quarter record is 35.1 million by Bush from April through June in 2003 Clinton had held that Democratic mark with 26 million
That's a swillery covering the first few months of this year. She had 26 but in the second quarter of Iraq got 32 and a half million
I'll take some of that a little something something
You want a piece?
Peace what time?
Now don't start what?
See that's not gonna influence me at this point. I am off of the craft man. I mean serious. I wasn't talking about food
Yeah, how do you weren't?
I see the way you sneak that in there because you know that I'm very tired and I'm weak and I'm susceptible not not now
No, let's think about pie
What kind
Polkie how about Boston cream pies my favorite? Yeah, I was thinking of cream pies matter fact banana cream pie. Oh, baby
No, yeah, I know what you were thinking sick
No, we're on a financial course that would allow us to both fully fund efforts in the early primary caucus states
And also about a baby it goes on forever on with all of the Republicans side. Let's see
A John Edwards raised more than nine million the second quarter
New Mexico governor Bill Richardson was right on his ass with more than seven million
Among Republicans here's what I was looking for former Massachusetts governor
Mitt Romney said he'll fall short of the 20.7 million raised earlier in the year and Rudy Julian was expected
We see this first quarter total of 16 million like we said before Senator John McCain
He is struggling. He's out. Sores baby. He's out. He's done
You can stick a fork in him. He's well done John McCain the man with no brain. Who's insane?
God what a nut job
So let's play the audio from sicko what he says firstly the part where he's in Cuba. Oh, geez
That's like the surprise that's actually surprised me because I thought just like he said in the movie
You know is raised the same way thinking that you know nothing good happens there that they don't have anything going on
Well, the good thing is if you get you should try to get sick
Yeah, because if you if you get sick they take really great care of you
How do you like the inhaler that their woman said across her home the movie asthma right?
120 bucks in the West. What do you talk about? I
Have an asmatic at home. We have to pay for those inhalers all the time. I have to I have to pay for like three different kinds of month
We both choked up
Three pesos five. She says how much is there five cents?
120 bucks in the US five cents in Cuba right same freaking inhaler. Yeah, the same exact goods
Man, I wouldn't be surprised if it's keep getting laid over there too. I imagine I heard it was
Just like in Costa Rica
Okay, let's take a look and see how we're doing here because I don't want Christopher short and get fired
For some flunky from you know, Raleigh North Carolina. Yeah, we hate that
953 votes. We need 47 votes in 51 minutes. I'm telling you this is getting a little bit more tense than I thought
Why's that?
It's just stuck there. I made you think Eric is a didn't with me again. He might be
Trout which over the edge now speak at a fiddle and speak in a Cuba
Eric Margolis writes and the smirking chimp the CIA's released last week of top secret file detailing it's illegal activities from the 60s of the 70s
I've heard few surprises
The agency's plans to assassinate foreign leaders like Fidel Castro and Vietnam's president Jim
It's spying on Americans and it's often amateurish cloaked dagger operations by now are well known
Unfortunately many other secret operations that violated US law and a typical Egypt's president
Gamma La Villanessa or waging war in Indonesia remain classified
former CIA directors Adam Stanfield Turner Adam Raleigh Stanfield Turner and Dr. James Lussinger both told me they wanted to reveal far more information about the
CIA than this come out so far but weren't able to do it
Revelation to the CIA's family jewels as these agencies and all affections are known
Certainly brings me lots of Cold War nostalgia writes Eric Margolis
Americans however asking how these past CIA legalities can predict these violations the Constitution and federal laws by US security agencies
The answer today's violations are far more serious than widespread though. They're justification the alleged
Security by terrorists is tiny comparatively soviet nuclear threatened Cold War days
US last president Cheney engineered the Iraq war urging attacks on Iran and Syria and its champion domestic surveillance programs
He sees America surrounded and infiltrated by enemies
In this regard Cheney bears a remarkable resemblance to the fabled Cold Warrior and Grand Master of US Intelligence James Jesus Angleton
Where's that? Hey Zeus
Angleton rose to US wartime intelligence to become director of CIA's powerful counterintelligence
He was extremely close to the senior British MI6 intelligence officer Kim Filby who fed the doding Angleton a steady stream of disinformation
When Filby was unmasked as a Soviet TV agent something snapped an angle from his brain
Just as the 911 tax or heart problems appeared to have transformed Dick Cheney from a capable but colorless senior bureaucrat into an ardent militarist and sword bearer of America's far right
In the late 60s the brilliant
Accentric Angleton who loved poetry orchids and puzzle solving turned into a roaring paranoid
He believed genuine Soviet defectors were KGB plans and KGB plant plants legitimate defectors
He also became an active asset or at least very close ally of Israel's Mossad and a champion of Israel's cause and Washington
On orders of president Johnson Angleton unleashed notorious operation chaos that conducted illegal surveillance of anti-war and civil rights groups
He accused the FBI being infested by Soviet moles and blocked CIA FBI cooperation
By the 70s Angleton was seeing enemy spies everywhere his suspected Henry Kissinger
And accused lester Pearson and Pierre Trudeau of being Soviet agents
He claimed Britain's Prime Minister Harold Wilson Sweden's Prime Minister Olaf Palmer and German Chancellor Willy Bront were Soviet agents
Angleton's galloping paranoia customally the CIA was filled with Soviet moles
Similarly Cheney concluded today's CIA is unreliable filled with the fetus and arabists and can't be trusted with national security
How do you like that word arabists
Okay, Amy and old ally Dunn rumstal created two special intelligence offices in the Pentagon designed a bypass the CIA and feed the White House and Congress
bogus reports justifying the invading Iraq and waging the so-called war on terrorism
Angleton created his own intelligence unit with the agents within the agency that's fired at its co-workers and fetus growing dementia
agency morale collapsed this
period of fierce mutual suspicion stooping double of triple agents and room careers became aptly known as a wilderness of mirrors
Angleton and hero of America's hard right kept warning the White House the Soviets were about to attack in 1974 a mentally unstable
Angleton was forced to retire having nearly wrecked the CIA and severely damaged relations with key US allies
Ironically three decades later senior CIA and FBI agents Aldrich Ames and Robert Hanson were on mass as KGB moles
Now official Washington is worrying deeply about how to retire the equally paranoid figure of vice president Cheney
like Angleton has lost touch with reality in a wilderness of mirrors
Well, I'll tell you one thing if I look like him I wouldn't want to be anywhere near a mirror
This is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers
I played softball two nights a week and then we'll go up for drinks now
We can do both right here in the field with Mike's hard gatorate
Mike's hard gatorate is the sports drink packed with electrolytes and alcohol to give you the energy and buzz you pray
I run 10 miles a day
People ask are you crazy?
No, I'm drunk
Mike's hard gatorate will energize an inebriate any athlete amateur or professional
I'm Michael V
Doin the game or doin the dog play if always the right time for Mike's hard need to read
Mike's hard gatorate is it in you?
118 at 560 WQM now I'm starting to do what come out of this a little bit starting to wake up a little need
I think 50-20 hour nap I'll be okay
Great. I think my Thursday morning. I'll be ready to do a show. Sure. How about the motor?
Uh
No
963 at a pool you're not in yet Chris
Look at there you're not in yet. I'm just telling you that well, thank you
I'm just trying to caution you so that you like start screaming and yelling and carrying on and make you know
Because if he eats back and they they assume automatically that you're in it just yeah, let's screw off
Let's go people. Yeah, let's get with it. Okay. We need 37 more votes
We got 42 minutes so that should be you know a no-drain run and show on a high-fi show like this
What the hell just happened to CNN did years go out or is it my cable my cable this way?
I must be you we got
Oh, that's bad
I saw pictures on it words on there and it put the cable right out
Well, that's really bad. Well, let me know if anything if the world is gonna blow up for something
Wait until you're this story this this will really frost your ass
Especially since you saw sicko
conservative bloggers try to link Michael Moore to UK terror attempts
Ready for that? Mm-hmm
In reaction to the terrorist attacks on the Glasgow Air Force in Scotland seemingly related attempts in London
Several conservative bloggers attempted a draw connection between filmmaker Michael Moore and his film the sicko with the bombers to who
Who'm prepared to be doctors
British news outlets revealed Sunday that two of the people detained by UK authorities were doctors. Hello doctor
Two of the five terrorist suspects being held in the wake of the failed car bombings in London glass for our hospital doctors working in the UK reported sky news
Is my cable actually out here or my team that I shut the TV off or something
Now it's on I have the cables out and a sunny shawning. It's beautiful
Two of the five terrorist suspect I just read that a number of right wing bloggers
The information connected it to Moore's new film sicko
The film criticizes the for-profit health insurance system in the US and praises the UK's state-run healthcare system
One writer marks Stein who contributes to the national reviews online right wing corner blog
Posted an email he received in order to identify the connection between Moore's sicko and the British terrorists
Would these be doctors or work for the UK healthcare system?
So laterally praised by Michael Moore perhaps they're not see hottest at all, but simply man driven insane by their employer
Maybe Michael Moore has spawned an entirely new breed of suicide bomber the alienated UK healthcare worker
Stein quotes from one email after noting I've been getting more than a few letters along these lines
He also posted a second email and observed now that Dr. Mohammed Asha has been arrested in the glassful London terrorist investigation
Several readers have noticed that this artfully combines Michael Moore's two most recent enthusiasm's insurgents and socialized healthcare
Stein however as Mr. Moore has yet to call these medical jihadist minute men
The national reviews the corner was not the only leading conservative website to try to link Moore with the British attacks
It seems like terrorists who really wanted to frighten Brits would have a field day by killing patients with just enough
possibility towards seeming like natural deaths
It certainly will give patients a new reason to feel uncomfortable about going to the hospital wrote Ed Morrissey at the blog captains quarters
I wonder what Michael Moore would make of this he said
The message was echo the less traffic blog is this the same British medical system praised by Michael Moore in his latest
Adjid prop movie S. Rick Moore of Holy Coast against the hypocritical doesn't apply that Muslims
Sure makes a lot of sense to me done it sure why not
Don't you see the connection?
Yep, now what is this is this from Charlie B? It looks like you know it's from Sean somebody
Sean doesn't that look like a Charlie B pool it does but I think that's the Sean sending via email
Really that's what I'm thinking well I'll be damned. Oh, it's an email. That's right
Dear George and Uncle Neil how come I didn't say dear Uncle George and Grandpa Neil or something like that?
Oh, cuz he had enough you
He says I heard the issue of both camper and the koon issue raised its nappy head again
But that whole thing is a tar baby that's left best left alone for you in the welfare of this whole station
Oh, he's too many words there. I read no. I'm not reading these
Sean you see the rest of this yes on it. Well, I'm not gonna read that. No go ahead. Come on
No, no way
Regards Sean and he's got a pool line. This is so poorly put together
I think Sean's a little off his feet. He must be starting a little early on the 4th of July in biving, you know
The biggest overachiever
Oh, I see there's two poles here. See the way he's put this together. You can't even make a head
Sino-Tel's a fish and a foul
Assar next the biggest overachiever Hitler Clinton Bill Clinton
Two thousand feet Florida, Marlins how the marlins do it by the way Chris. They lose every day or what?
To whatever it is. No, that's not too bad. They went once in a while. Lance Armstrong the Israelis
Who's the biggest underachiever? Oh Jesus. They're all kind of poles in here
But he's done a very peep poor job of like laying these out
biggest underachiever the Yankees George W. Bush Africa
Tundleys Arise and southerners. No, I think southerners are overachievers
I think most other is if they achieve more than like a 50 cents an hour in their lifetime are overachieving
This this cable is not coming back on
Now can you tell me why is there any special reason for that?
Because just like the healthcare system it sucks up there, you know
The cable oh, no, my cable is almost never going to know and what's the worst thing about your bosses is oh
You mean fat ass jolly joe from rolly who's bringing all those cronies down
And firing everybody else in sight
Worst thing about your boss he takes credit for the worker brothers. He's ungrateful. He's cheap
He doesn't support his people. He's not nearly as qualified as me. He tries to micromanage and I am the boss
Audity sting. Yeah, except the last one of these things. Yeah
I wouldn't say micromanter. I would just say like uh, uh, uh, uh, what would you say
Miss manage about yeah, miss man is is good
In fact, uh, he could be a junior miss
Little get the honey junior miss
See he reminds me a lot of George w book just like the thing with uh pardon and you know commuting the ascents
to scooter liby
Every time there's a choice to be made he makes the wrong decision bush and that's why i see our man
Have been basically the one the same thing every time there's a choice to be made
You know like pick one from column a or column b they picked her on column
Just like whenever i had times in this piece before i think somebody picked her on column
You know a little time you know, so you've met him yet
Ball stupid. It doesn't write about radio at all except it you know some stupid cost to write wind crap like that
Some propaganda as if 90% of the broadcast time isn't enough, you know
He's all nervous that they the fairness doctrine hasn't got a trinement chance which you write to the narrative
But least you mentioned my name nice go on Tommy. Thank you so much
979 now christian breed easy let out a little exhale. Okay. Oh
There you go
Boy okay freaking hurricane
979 peace would have a better chance in the world better shot in a world if there were no religions to divide people
157 no bubble mice. He's no fairy tales no nonsense. No man made garbash
Uh, they're never will be peace 365
The u.s. Learned to respect other countries sovereignity 98 oh sovereignty what's that we wanted whatever they got we wanted right right right
That's what the britz always this white out can't we do it if we bomb Iran
36 if everybody could just join hands and start a love train 18
I would cue that up again, but it's too much like work
If we could buy the world of coke and keep it company 11
That would do it and then you put a penny in the bottle of coke and the glass of coke and you watch the penny
You like to disintegrate you ever seen that no
I'm gonna do it. You never saw that no. I'm gonna go home and do that. Oh, yeah
Put a penny in a glass of coke all the cables trying to come back on. I saw like a little flicker there on my screen my friend flicker
If uh arms dealers around law eight and if people stop joining the military
Solomon they say
This is i with the stew seven or all shorts and i got it taken some heat for saying his vantic immigrants should avoid
Spanish language media as a way to help them learn english. I want to go from one in the night
work every day
Seven days a week to get the message out there. I will go from house to house knocking in doors talking to families
Oh, yeah, you got the turn off the Spanish television said
Oh
Turn off Spanish television said
Unless of course they're watching the novellas in which case they get an exemption
I guess Arnold comes in and watches with them. I met it
983 on a pool. I think you're in like flim man
You got a half hour to get 17 votes even a deaf diamond blind man could do that
Let's go everybody
You know so really enthusiastic there. Are you fat or what? Huh? Are you are you backtracking a little bit? Never
Is he backtracking? You're a juvenile. No, it looks fine. I'm not gonna. He looks fine
As g.i. wine. Yeah, whatever that means fine as g.i. wine. I don't know a friend of mine used to say that all the time
I of course he was yeah, so I think he was more interested in the g.i's and I see
He'd like the g.i.s wine. Yeah, he'd like to make them wine
Speaking of soldiers two American soldiers have been charged with premeditated murder for literally killing three Iraqis
And then planting weapons in their bodies to portray them as combatants the rest of the military said over the weekend
Lovely the three Iraqis were killed in separate incidents between April and June near a place that I won't even begin to
Up for now is 30 miles south of Baghdad
Is kandaria? Well, see it's got a whole bunch of letters, but it's not really that hard
Fellow soldiers reported the alleged crimes to military authorities who launched an investigation military said without giving for the details on the killings of the victims
One of the accused soldiers sergeant staff sergeant Michael Hensley from kandler North Carolina
Was put a military confinement in Kuwait on Thursday facing three counties of premeditated murder
obstructing justice and wrongfully placing weapons with the remains of deceased Iraqis
This statement said his aunt or aunt
Patricia's stand where we have Chandler
Candler where I said he was an all-American boy who loved serving the army would never jeopardize this career an all-American boy
He was on this third tour of duty and but it would put about the other soldier
Specialist George Jorge G. Sandrow ball C Jorge was arrested Tuesday at his home in Laredo, Texas and transferred to confinement in Kuwait
like that the two are suddenly first battalion
fourth brigade infantry division based in four Richards in Alaska
Santa Bel's mother Alicia Santa Bel said her 22-year-old son was on a two-week leave visiting his family when authorities came and asked to speak to him
They said he would be back shortly, but heard nothing since and had no idea where he's taken until an AP reporter called
I haven't had any news. She said in Spanish on Saturday
From her home in Laredo was all very sudden
You know, I want to think about that Arnold bit it works every time you know
And it goes on and on and on you know this is all the book that's going on
Of course we got the bigger fish to far like Paris freaking Hilton man. So who cares about what you're about all these ragheads
You know right why would anybody care about such crap? We liberated their country
We give them a chance and now they're on their own man
Let him eat the hull of awe that'll teach him
986 you need 14 votes. I'm not all that confident right now. I mean we're you know
We need to goose we need to goose for these people
This is right around the time air be single day when Eric. I don't know must he must be getting like a second wind or break
Because every time of this day is like when he steps on the break the cable look like it was gonna come back on it
And you know what? What didn't happen?
Did not happen so what am I gonna do when we get to the top of the hour and I can't watch city post to get the exact
You know the atomic clock that go to a bar and watch their TV
Okay, see you
Look at 96 we're 14 votes shy of that thousand many these people they're like clockwork. They're so so predictable
You're good buddy Sherwood Ross has a column here should I read it's too long
short
No Sherwood Ross don't you remember he was emailing me of the strike I'll just make it fun
Are you starting to do your anti-stomatic stuff again or what not me that you bush and prune tangy says two
Terrence with election commons Sherwood Ross on this working chip. Oh, they just tried it again
I'm now maybe my TV is going out
No, it's a cable. No, no
Oh
Because the way that the tube just uh that didn't look really good to me
Try something here
Turned to set off turned it back on
I think I'm gonna have to give me a new TV man
That's bad
Wouldn't that be bad? No, it's fun. Well this thing. I mean how long does a little TV last? I mean now notes is too good question
Mm-hmm as long as it does
Now my turn in honor my turn it off. See I don't even know if I'm turning it on or off right now oh
There it's a channel three something just happened. Oh, hallelujah
Now that's just mean there's a picture there but at least at least that means this the set's not going out right right? Oh
Hallelujah there is a god and his name is
They usually don't go out like that they get a little dark around the edges and everything and a
Are you starting to make racial comments again? No darker on the edges. Who are you thinking of both camper?
Bacon he's pretty he's like a totem pole man. It's like as a garicter engine
He's dark around the edges and probably pretty dark around his back dome brings around a collar too
So that thing that said 003 that was uh, I don't know
I was kind of like tantalizing because at least tells me the set is still okay and it's on
Is there anything else we need nobody else TV? I don't think so mind your own business
Sure would wash his how can president's version Poon Tang be expected as these others viewpoints when they're blind to the fact that the
beauty of the very faults in which they accuse each other the
Kind of on-board main
Session brings together to men who share a common prof liberty not for only dining on lobster
But for making wars shredding laws and grabbing power these praises so to minister stature both in the eyes of their domestic international critics
That it's full-hardly free of them to think in terms of legacy history will remember them for the graveyard's dug as a result of their tyrannies
Both Bush and Putin have much in common both have been absolutely relentless in their prosecution of the respective wars
Bush insists on intensifying the Iraq war even as key Republican senators turned against him and pull showed American people want out
As for Putin's war in Chetsnia live panorama of the for human rights organization most sold CDR Russia weekly only Putin in his generals want to continue the war
Seems the Russian people were sick of Putin's war too
Both leaders have blamed their troubles on terrorists yet both have been accused of human rights violations of their own
That virtually qualified them for that apathy not surprisingly neither man
Fies himself guilty of misjudgment or error last March the council of Europe's human rights chief Thomas Hammerberg said Russian backed authorities in Chetsnia
Are guilty of a real widespread pattern of serious ill-fremend and many cases of torture against those of an arrested son familiar?
Both terrorists oh pardon me both
Tirets have operated kidnapping rings and the steam of national call for an end of the CIA's extraordinary renditions
Putin tanks regime similarly is kidnapped and murdered its political foes a year ago the Duma enacted a
Kremlin backed law to allow the assassination of enemies of the Russian regime on foreign soil
In the interview published in New Yorker last January 29 Boris Burzowski an anti-Putin billionaire reminded Putin is a KGB guy
He issues a law allowing the Russians to kill opponents abroad. So they kill opponents abroad
The sensational murder of former KGB agent Alexander Lava Tenko has a with a lethal dose of radioactive plutonium a polonium 210
Could be rationalized by the statute
What's more since Poon tank took power 99 the New Yorker noted 13 Russian journalists have been murdered yet not one of the assassins has been brought to justice
The shade of Anna Pulitzer-Kovaya a Putin critic on the staff of the liberal
Novaya Gazeta will certainly haunt the Bush Putin sessions
She was murdered last October 7th in the lobby of her Moscow apartment building by killer of five three bullets into her chest and a control shot in the head
Her crime apparently was documenting torture by forces loyal to Chetsynas per Russian Prime Minister
Commander-in-Chief Bush also has the blood of journalists on his hands April 8th 2003 for example
U.S. warplanes flew over a residential area of Baghdad and struck a house used as the office of Al-Jazeera killing correspondent Tarek Ayub
The state department called the attack a grave error a U.S. tank about the same time open fire on Baghdad's Baghdad's Palestine hotel killing and wounding a number of other reporters both attacks were unprovoked
For Putin former KGB career service officer not to find the killers of any of the Russian journalist raises questions about his complicity
Similarly the favor of americans if we either find a source of anthracal ace letters mail from Fort Dietrich Merlin to two democratic opponent senators
Also is raised questions about possible Bush administration complicity five persons were killed and the U.S. government is shut down yet in nearly six years the perpetrators have been found
In addition to their murders wars Putin and Bush have you served vast new political powers either legally or in secret or both
Putin is consolidating as far by pointing governors by jaining business opponents and ceasing control of all major TV outlets
Putin allows only a few small circulation now opponent newspapers to publish and only if they don't mention the C word
President Bush is assumed tyrant status under the misnamed pay treeback and as we feel so responding
Congressional demands for information about his legal spying on americans
Bush is also asserting that inventive a national emergency he can assume control of all branches of government including congress and the courts
While he converts himself into an emperor Bush's underlings
his
skew Russia
Can't this this sense for a backtracking on democracy which the top Putin they dismissed as groundless and
Putin has said the U.S. is acting more like Hitler's third right both men are quite quite right of course about each other
It'll be nothing short of a marvel if the two despots reach agreement on such issues as
Coastal and the europe based missile defense system when both are blinded the qualities they share with each other
They're much more like than they know two talents during the end of their terms whose departure of the world stage will not be mourned
Nor missed and I'm warning my cable still being out
Absolutely
Sometimes he takes his press off when he's in the meeting
Always getting out of the secretaries
It is heard white past no idea you cheating
He wanted his phone online
He just got told to see
He
There have been so many times
He could have been
FIRE
No that doesn't make volume
Yes totally
WIRE
The wish that never went to monster dot go and got
HIRE
And his book he'd make him look like a squirrel
He said
If you say no he says it's your life
God I hate my boss
He comes in all over one day with an attitude
Going stories about as we can this could pay
He points to his body parts and his extremely rude
And his eyes always look short so we wear shades
He drinks coffee by the gallon and he chains most
And he never seems to do any work at all
He sits on your desk and tells you all his dirty jokes
And he is off his closet
He got a block door
Oh right
I feel like I feel naked now because I don't have my cable in the
I think oh there it is the time just came back kind of box
Ooh there's something with the cable box
Because the cable is working because I checked in the living room and the cable is just fine
Good
Fine as the I want as a matter of fact
But there is some issue here man or some issue but it does have 147 on there is that close
Yeah actually
And a good news Chris is we got a thousand one vote
All right
Aren't you thrilled?
Definitely
You could pretend that you're here at least you could
I said definitely
Oh yeah I didn't hear it
No problem
You're pretty cute
Maybe you don't want to outshot me because you know I don't have much voice
That's what it is
Now we're almost done
Oh
Hahaha
If you would have told me four hours ago that I would actually make it through here today
I would have said you crazy man you crazy
And you know what you would have been
Right
Crazy
So what do you think you think it's my cable box Mr. TV repairman
Remember those days now do we still have that
I can't remember the last time I called a TV repairman
Got to be a hundred years
Uh I guess they must exist somewhere
I mean what do they do?
Because back in the day
I don't know man
Before we had everything now I guess
It's probably a new one
Why?
You just buy a new one
Because used to be we had all the tubes you know
And we everything was a
SHOOP
And they would replace the small tubes
Or once in a while the picture tube which is really bad
But uh I can remember the TV repairman coming to the house all the time when I was a kid
Because I told you about that
Westinghouse our first TV set
And you would pull the screen up out of
It was like a big piece of furniture
And you pull the screen up
Like with a little handle and sit it up
And it was a beautiful thing
The only problem was the picture was always rolling
It was like CCR rolling
And uh vertical hold and horizontal
Back in those days
Now people today punks
They don't even know such things ever existed
Am I right?
Right
Vertical hold and horizontal hold
And the picture rolling and twisting
Hold this
Yeah hold this is right and twist this
Thousands and six votes on the pool
I'm not going to read the result I can't
I know I'm not reading that second choices
But Charlie sometimes you do things that just uh you know
Not that we don't appreciate you you understand
In the New York Times
Cheryl Gay Stolberg
That's Cheryl Gay Stolberg
From President Bush at reversal of force on his political capital she writes
After a string of Republican defessions this week on Iraq immigration
And domestic eavesdropping
President Bush enters the final 18 months of his presidency
And danger of losing control over a party
That once marks and lifestyle with him
First two prominent Republican senators broke with the president on Iraq
Then Mr. Bush's party abandoned him in droves on the immigration bill
Saying the measure to what's death in the Senate
Dispired the president's fervent lobbying for it
And when Democrats on the Senate judiciary committee voted to wishes
The penis to the White House for documents
Related to its domestic eavesdropping program
Three Republicans including a long time loyalist
Senator Orangie Hanks of Utah
joined them and another three didn't take any position
For a president who once boasted that he had political capital intended to
Use the back-to-back desertions demonstrated starkly
Just how little of that capital is left
With a nation turning its attention who will succeed Mr. Bush
And Republican presidential candidates increasingly distancing themselves from him
Even allies say it could become increasingly difficult for the president
To assert himself over his party
Much less force the Democratic majority in Congress to bend to his will
When you're first elected you have some momentum
You have more ability to persuade since Senator Jeff Sessions Republican of Alabama
In the last three months of any administration getting people to do something simply because the president
Asked for it is less that is certainly true here
In the last month not three months in the last months even we can presence retain
Tremendous influence if nothing else the conservative tenor of many of these supreme courts
Decisions in the last week was a stark reminder of the ways Mr. Bush's legacy will continue
To shape politics and policy for a long time
As the president demonstrated in classes with Congress over worse spending and stem cell research
He still hasn't offered Republicans import to sustain their veto
And administration officials said Bush had no intention of writing off next year and a half
Still for a president who once had almost absolute control over his own party
Niproclivity to employ his power expansively if not audaciously
The last week was a reminder of how much things have changed
Republicans who came to office brimming with optimism just a few short years ago
Now saw that as if they fear a long slog ahead
One of them Senator John Thune of South Dakota who was elected in 2004
Wonder whether they collapse the immigration bill foreshadow long finally team months of the Bush presidency
With a 2008 presidential campaign in test of intensifying Mr
Phil instead achieving legislative accomplishments will almost certainly become increasingly difficult
Probably a lot of the heavy lifting will get pushed off. He said I hope that doesn't happen
But it probably will as the suspect a lot of what's going to dominate the atmosphere around here in the next level
Must will be on a rack wow how first vacations of him
An important test of Bush's continued hold over his party will be in September when his true build up in a rack will be
Re-evaluated on Capitol Hill and almost certainly face Republican pressure to shift course
Senators Richard Luger of Indiana George Vindavitcha will hire argued for a new direction this week
Even Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Republican leader has strongly suggested Republicans will demand a change
I think the handwriting is on the wall that we're getting in a different direction in the fall
McConnell told reporters last month and I expect a present to lead it he'd be saying hold your breath Mitch
rhymes with bitch
I
Was a 152 is a 153 I might use to this one
I'm a friend 152 and 10 seconds. Oh
Wow all 10 seconds still all in 10 seconds still 153 right yeah
Sorry
152 oh time for this
Got my cable back you know I didn't bang the box. That's right. That's maintenance. I smack you
The
choice is
Joyce won't let me go, Joyce won't let me go, Joyce won't let me go
Hey, any thoughts?
Joyce went to Githy New York School
A report stupid hat, popular turtle
Yeah, it's run by the baby food mix
Got a bed, this morning I'll never be wearing
Joyce won't let me go, Joyce won't let me go, Joyce won't let me go, Joyce won't let me go
I don't wanna hear anyone say I'm just not about me
Anybody open up that old axio, I take up into those girls and I tell them I can't just say they're about me
I'll tell them I can't just say they're about me, I'll tell them I can't just say they're about me
Can't we know the past?
You know we can't play the past
They left us alone in the first world
They left us alone in the first world
They left us alone in the first world
Bye, bye, bye
