Bum bum bum bum burrans
Bum bum bum bum bum burrans
Anyway, I think the ranch is great right?
The reeds are continuing their ever-ship water
I knew where it was
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Ah, anyway, bum bum bum bum burrans
Bum bum bum bum burrans
We get hope that
in our floatsong
Goodbye Kated Carlie
and to tell the truth it went awhile
You had a pretty good run
I'm not surprised to see you die like this
at the tender age of 90s
I'm dying of hair
that's one less ancient panelist
if professional contestants
Next for the old actor Deadpool, I put my money down on Charles Lane
Who still alive at 100 and...
Hey!
You did a hot spread as well
The rest was game show slipped
With such distinguished game show called League
As you be sales
Then it served on post and it wasn't me
Only Francis John, Navy, but Calya and Best Buying Sun
Resting in the memory hole of Uncle Gotton's names
But better but don't you regret?
Hey, I'll guarantee you she's gonna do very well
When we take that poll, your favorite dead game show panelist from 100 years ago
To be her mom
Yeah, she'll win
That'll be one of your favorite polls
You hate those ones that you know, and deal with old parts like me and chicken neck
That's bad
Let's end the whole part back here
You'll go if you're lucky
And unlucky, doesn't it?
I don't know if this guy's gonna make it or not
This is quite a story from the BBC
Thanks to whoever sent this in obviously some prevert
Man cuts off penis in restaurant in London
Oh no
And it was a packed restaurant too
Police were forced to use a CS
Don't start
We just got on the air here
You're trying to like to do it
I'm doing it straight
No!
Chris made a funny face
That's all near
It's only Wednesday
I thought he was on Thursdays with him
Just during their show
Now it's only Wednesday
Oh god
Well that's right, the hockey season is over for some teams like the Panthers
So he's got not much else to do
Let us all stick his ass on here and get that thing down to a point
Oh
Nothing
Talk about annoying
Like I said, turn out the lights, the party's over
Anyway
Police were forced to use CS Guests to restrain the man
When they entered the ZZ restaurant in the Strand on Sunday evening in London
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said the man was aged between 30 and 40
And that his injuries were self-inflicted
The man was then taken to hospital in South London where his condition is stable
It's understood that surgeons were unable to reattach his penis
Oh my god
A spokeswoman for ZZ said the man was not talked about any connection with the restaurant
Or any connection with his penis I guess
She said around 9 p.m. Sunday a man walked into the ZZ restaurant on the Strand
The man down the stairs to the basement restaurant area and tried to went to her kitchen
Members of the staff stopped him in which she would time you ran into a second kitchen area
The man then picked up a kitchen knife and sliced himself across the wrist and groin areas
Before running back to the restaurant where he continued to stab himself
This happened in a matter of seconds and was obviously extremely frightening and distressing for the man
For the many customers and staff in the restaurant at the time
She added apart from the man we understand that nobody else suffered any physical injuries
He sliced off his penis right there in the restaurant
Well, does there anyone?
A terrible story
This is just, I don't know, I'm wasting my time passing this along
I'm going to go pass gas as well as pass...
By the way, it's Woodbine Wednesday
Everybody on their knees and pray for the other man, maybe 150 bucks for some of the day
Woodbine Wednesday
What do you think? Any chance?
Of what? Winning?
Yeah
Sure you're done going again
Yeah, right, some day
Computer files, cell phone records and emails have yielded no evidence
See, this is what kills me about America
It's like it's a big mystery
They've yielded no evidence about what triggered swoon who he chose massacred Virginia Tech last week and I would chose his 32 victims
The fact that he was crazy, I guess, doesn't enter into the whole deal
Look, look, look, look, look, look like that
In the interview yesterday with the AP State Police Superintendent Colonel W. Stephen Fliherty
Said authorities have found the evidence that could begin to explain the massacre that end when Cho took his own life
A 30s have also said there is no link between the 23 year-old loaner and his victims
We certainly don't have any one motive that we're pursuing at this particular time
Or that we've been able to pull together and formulate Fliherty said
It's frustrating because it's so personal because we see families and city communities suffering
And we see they want answers
See, that's what the human race is very well
We invent questions for which there are no answers and then how come we don't have any answers?
Like, I'll tell you the best question of all, okay?
I could be wrong but I think...
Why?
Yeah, but why do I think it's pee?
No, just why in general
Oh yeah
Just like the whole God thing, man
Oh well, how do we get here? Oh, we don't know, so let's make something up
Let's make something up
Oh yeah, you gotta make something up
Fliherty says it's frustrating because it's so personal and they want answers
Fliherty spoke to the AP after spending the meetings with investigators to prepare for a news conference
They bought one of the thirties and uncovered and the answer is not a as in not a thing
As in not too much, as in we don't know not
As in crazy people with guns have a habit of like blowing and just all of a sudden
What a pain, I throw away a bunch of people
It's just the way it is, every now and then
Chris can feel really confident today because we have 848 already
Yeah, we're flying through this one
This is a good pull
Good pull and George will change the full seven already
Now let's just see, let me just check up on Eric and see if he's going to
Yeah, look at that, he is the best in spiderweb joist used to say about him
And you know what tomorrow's pull is?
Which illegitimate use of your computer ed worker you most frequently guilty of?
Oh yeah
There are some people who just sit there with that thing they're tapping and tapping
And they're not tapping at work, I'll tell you that, I'm not sure what they're tapping on
But I think that's a pretty good idea
Anyway, here's the pull from yesterday, 1355 vote
Most people have vastly overestimated their own ability to reason, think, learn for themselves, 127
Be funny 281 like most of the people that call this show and any radio talk show, most people are like
Like, like, show
That when they call the show, be funny 281, drive 245
Make love 171, like I said, most guys think that their experts in the sack
That they're the greatest swordsmen who ever lived and of course their partners are thinking,
Ah gee, get it over with already
Most people have asked me overestimate their own ability to speak, in other words make sounds with their mouth 74
That's M-O-U-F 74
Cook 36, I still think that's, I don't know
Do you really believe that?
Yeah, I'm not sure what they're talking about, I'm sure it's not about the right women
Yeah, because guys, the great chefs we discussed yesterday are most men
But I'm sure that they're women who are expected to be good cooks, who are not
Those votes there are from guys that are married to some bitch that thinks that you can cook and you have to choke down the horrible food
And pretend they're all of you
That's really what you want some more on on before
And most people have vastly overestimate their own ability to live, believeably, 21 from the Gregory School of BS
Only 21, I would have thought that would have done much better
Because there are some people who just make all kinds of crap up as George knows and they think they're very believable but they're not
Don't get started in that way
And that will make fly to stake, never let go of the city
Why would you be talking about any of those people?
That I don't care about the railing
Oh stop, say stop
Okay, just stop, you just bring it to Hardass
Yeah
You're Hardass, talk about holding your door
I'm not a crazy person
In fact, you ought to come up with your own online thing, the grudge report
Yeah, they actually have one
There's every spin-off on the Fudge Report that you could have imagined
There's the Dredgery Tort, which is pretty good, but it's not worth it
And they listen to the show, it's a Florida thing, I'm sure
So good morning to all my good friends at the Dredgery Tort
And as far as Matt's concerned, I have one thing to say to you Matt
You're fairy
Okay, let's take a look at today's poll. There's then a bash who needs to ever
It looks like somebody already beat me to it, like they put her head into vice, you know, and
Tighten that thing up real tight. She looks like a beanhead, doesn't she?
Yeah, she does
She's a lollipop.
Dana, excuse me, Dana bash is Lou Dobbs always says Dana bash. I have no idea by name Dana
Remember Bill Dana? No
What drew you to South Florida's our poll question today? A lot of people are scratching their heads and wondering how the hell did I get here?
Why am I here? Oh God, if there is a God, get me out
867 vote. I was born here, that's my excuse 237
Work or business, 140. That was my vote, worker business, monkey business
I don't live there, thank God, and doesn't even say thank God, it says thank-
Damn God!
123, don't live there
But we have a lot of people listening online elsewhere or whatever
And now that we got that single cranked up so they can hear us all the way at the date-broward line
I think that might help
The weather 116, certainly not the people 78
That's kind of like a negative answer, but that's okay. Certainly not the people I didn't add anything to this
This is just the way it came in from your buddy Charlie be the pull man
I escaped from Cuba, Haiti, one of those places, 43
Marriage, 41, a vacation, 26
Commitment to a mental institution, 13
13, I'm not sure if that's before or after they arrived
The people 13, now see certainly not the people 78 and the people 13
Why would the people in South Florida draw anybody there? You'd have to be, oh my goodness
You have to be from entry I think
I lost bet 11, a prison sentence 10
The beach is nine, lots of beaches running on the loose in that town
The nightlife, three
The wildlife, three
What is that mean? The wildlife like the gators and the possums and the raccoons
That's what they're talking about, right? I see
And a convention or a trade show one, somebody came to a convention or trade show
Once upon a time, they'll hear America and they never got out
Show's over, time to go home
875 votes already and we just got started here today
It's a really good feather in our cap and Chris is sitting in there fat and sassy
Now what's the story on Charhart today?
Since they were on location at Dolphins Camp, you got nothing
You got nothing?
Nothing? I liked it
That was a question mark at the end
We got zero, Zilnada, Zipini Duda
How is it?
That's what I'm going to tell you, Doth, you are really between your tremendous job
Over there at Pop and Park where they got the slots now
And the phenomenal job you're doing on getting these guys serviced and taken care of
Oh Rosio Donald will leave the view in June, she's got too big of a mouth, she's disgusting
She's as fat as a cow and everybody
Why'd they put her ass on there in the first place?
See it in just confirming that Rosie is leaving the view in June
Fat shudders, those are the people that watch Oprah and the view
Fat disgusting shudders, who may or may not really cook all that well and quite frankly to get that fat you can't really care
Oh God, Neil
Stop cold, huh? Stuff he knows?
Hit a head at you
Tell you can take one leaf cold and sinus and feel great all day or four of these others because they can wear off every few hours
Oh God, it's coming out my nose
Oh God, look at the size of my nose
Hasna, only one kindness
We got our sonesis filled up the star of Springtime
Break down a moon rock in my nose
Although we'd rather be pollen free, we'd keep a crew next by our side
It was an album rest of clarity in my dark, the panproswine
Though you try not to season, we still you try
With salvagey time, I guess every note, seven note
I look forward to picking my nose
Just like every beer has its own
And thanks to the power of Mee and Terbal
Seems like most girls and boys
Some are all season long
And every note has been made
You apparently aren't shy about digging around in your nose
Your body isn't filled entirely as snob
You have a hunker, but I like it, I think it's fexvey
Loretty and D release even my worst allergy symptoms
My congestion, my sneezing, and my sinus pressure
Picksnaught
So gross, it's gross, help me it's gross
I know the beauty of spring, with flowers, women, but even souls
But bodies, give ponds entirely as snob
Don't seem fair to pop those pills and
After two of the doves
And you live only in a hymn still means in all of two survive
But ain't it falling how well it's all played my calling
Get em back down, life is like me
Every note has been born
It's been mad, but mine is just like me
Every beer has its own
I'll take a journal
Every attack has like boys
Girls and boys
Some are all season long
Every note has been born
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
I like you congestion won't ruin my life again
You know you could give me a little slack
No love at a six he's got to correct me
I want to know why because that's the way fat people are
He's taken out on me the fact that he's fed
I thought they were fat and soon enough to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
And we needed somebody because Shra would all respect you, send us a lot of great polls over the last what is it two three years at least over the last little bit. Yes.
But the fact of the matter is that Charlie B is just past you like you were laying down in a prone position. And maybe Shra wasn't a prone position because based on what he says here, one of the things he says, which I want with the first paragraph, he says I hate to live in the past but Jars is comments a couple of weeks ago about not going steady with the girl who goes to bed on the first date is Kaka. He's talking like a woman.
Only women try to analyze or make something bad out of two people going wonky, he says.
He says, wonky like. That's how they go. My girlfriend and I did everything short of exploratory surgery on our first date and she's still a.
Oh, P of A piece of ass 14 years later. I've just never heard that term before P of A would even roll queen like me can figure that out. She's still a piece of ass 14 years later.
Intercourse is a beautiful thing Shra says whether it's the original Romeo and Juliet on the feather bed in Verona or two crack addicts in the filthy men's toilet at the bus station.
Cut the crack, Josh is what Shra says and I would hardly agree. Any girl that goes all the way on the first date, well that's not the kind of girl he wants to bring home to mommy.
Now that's the kind of girl you ought to keep for yourself to hell with mommy. That's my suggestion. Whatever Josh thinks the girl that he chose is fine.
Oh yeah, he's entitled to being wrong many many a lot. How I believe long he had to wait for her. It was worth it. I'm sure about five minutes. Well so another what was it the fourth date he told us the deal didn't that was a good thing. I don't really pay too much attention.
That was at the fourth date I believe. I don't remember. We started to do the old banana bounce. Okay now Doug Thompson says I like Doug Thompson. He's really great.
He just puts a smile on my face because he's got the balls to sit out like it is. He said the other day he's got like his own arsenal of weapons.
He knows they're going to come after him. He says Jessica Lynch walks with a limb from the extensive wounds he received in the early days of the invasion of Iraq.
Pat Tillman lies in a grave gunned down by his own comrades in Afghanistan. Both represent the sacrifices that soldiers make in service to their country sadly.
Both also became pawns of a propaganda machine created a cell in illegal and a more war to a gullible American public.
The Pentagon's propaganda machine fabricated Lynch as a petite female Rambo holding off the enemy after a vehicle was hit by a rocket. In fact the attack left her unconscious and unable to fight.
Tales of great heroism were being told in total congressional hearing yesterday. My parents home in Wart County West Virginia was under siege of the media all repeating the story of little girl Rambo from the hills who went down fighting. It was not true. She said.
Neither was the story of her rescue videotape by the army at the height of the invasion. The army told a harrowing tale of invading an Iraqi compound and liberating her. She was in fact in an abandoned medical facility in Iraqi medical staff led soldiers to her no gunfire, no hostilities, just to pick up a prisoner left behind by fleeing forces.
I'm still confused as to why they chose to lie and tried to make me a legend when the real heroics of my fellow soldiers that they were in fact legendary.
Lynch said kind like old Neil Rogers legendary like old grandma and Neil the American people didn't need to be told the lab or tales the truth of war is not always easy to hear but it's always more heroic than the hype.
When it came to hype the army had already had a ready made opportunity with Pat Tillman the NFL player gave up a multi-million dollar career to join the military during the patriotic pathos of post-911 America.
Good choice Pat not. Tillman along with his brother became an army ranger went to Afghanistan where he died in combat. The army said he died heroically fighting the enemy and awarded the slain soldier a silver star. In fact he died from friendly fire and a screw up of communications that brought his location under attack from other American soldiers and the army tried to cover it up.
The army brother Kevin Tillman also in Afghanistan that they concocted intentional falsehoods along with deliberate and careful misrepresentations in portraying his death as the result of heroic engagement with the enemy.
We believe this narrative was intended to deceive the family but more importantly the American public tillman said past death was clearly the result of fractureside friendly fire. Hey how you doing buddy.
Revealing that past death was a fractureside would have been yet another political disaster and a multi-political disaster so the truth needed to be suppressed. Reports the associated press and army ranger who was with Pat Tillman when the former football star was cut down by a friendly foreign Afghanistan said to the commanding officer at order and to keep quiet about what had happened.
The military first portrayed Tillman's death as the result of heroic comeback with the enemy army specialist Brian Reneoflark congressional hearing that when he got the chance to talk to Tillman's brother who had been a near-roaring boy convoy on that faithful day I was ordered not to tell him what happened.
You were ordered not to tell him repeated representative Henry Waxman of California, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Roger that served replied O'Neil Dresden's army uniform, Roger that as a Neal Roger.
Ideally both Jessica Lynch and Pat Tillman should be recognized as heroes who served their country in time of war instead they became pawns in a far bigger war, a conflict of lies used to sell an invasion launch for fabricated reasons and fought to this day for political reasons that had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks of 9-11 or any actual threat to the peace and security of the USA.
Like all soldiers who have died come home maimed or face the future of haunting nightmares from an insane war they deserve far better.
His dog Thompson you go doggie you got a pair of balls like an elephant man he tells it like it is hope he's got a big ol shot got on his lap.
That's right one of these days he'll vanish in a thin air they'll take him to some prison somewhere and they'll just beat the living snot out of him.
They're going to waterboard him 910 votes on the pool by the top of the hour going to be closing on a thousand already man we're dangerous now that we got the dolphins back.
We're dangerous isn't that what it's all about?
Yeah you're a bastard.
Turn out the light the party's over baby we had Gellie on the morning show.
That's not going to wow.
Suddenly you must realize we knew it you're very honesty it's not that big a shock.
If you and Ricky Markman were to do it it'd be a cry for both of you Rosie a die hope gave up all the lives.
Now I hope they've been waiting and missy like a guy.
Oh my came announcers look at that you see that he's watching CNN but he's a nut he announces that he's a crazy person I guess that is absolutely sensational.
Bum bum bum bum bum brand.
Oh he's the most experienced candidate at least in a mental institution anyway wow isn't that something talk about great timing.
Okay when his credibility is in the minus column 1032 at 560 WQM the near-rime to show not from dolphin camp today and we're very proud of that.
We're probably the only show with the only show I guess Eddie came won't be from dolphin camp because it'll be long closed up after the amarling game.
All he might just you know he might just break in over there 938 votes on the pool Chris we've got to have our to get very close to a thousand by the top of the hour.
Won't that be a real feather in somebody's cap huh?
They already bringing me my bacon.
Oh there they go.
Speaking of eating yes my friend and professor we've got another you know all the foods that MSN the website the center whatever the thing is and they were the first one especially was interesting because those were the ones that were the worst for you and everything that's bad for that that proves that there's a God say that
anything that tastes good and you really want to just munch on all the time it's got to be bad for you.
I mean that's marginal and it's tasteless that's the stuff that's good for you.
It shows you that if there is a God he's a real sadistic bastard no question about that.
That's why he created South Florida but anyway I got a list of six super foods the next frontier according to MSN.
Actually now one of these looks pretty good but maybe more than one I do like Kiwi don't you like Kiwi?
That's what I do very much.
I like my fruit but anyway WB says for the pool today says if there was a choice like my parents dragged my ass here kicking and screaming when I was a little kid I'd vote for that one.
Why?
Yeah you wouldn't have to be that's different than I was born here.
My parents dragged me here let's add that on there that would be good for another 5,000 votes.
My parents dragged my ass here against my better wishes I was like two years old and I knew oh you're not taking me there are you.
You bastards you lunatics little kids don't know.
I beg your pardon little kids don't know.
Not that they haven't just saying them out or anyway.
I'm just saying they don't but maybe maybe there's some first vacations little kids.
Maybe they didn't know when they were two or three or four but they sure know now that's what I'm telling you.
That's the point I'm trying to make without you going P in on my parade okay.
Don't be P in on my parade mister.
Where is it I'll pee on it.
Yeah I bet you would 942 vote.
What drew you the South Florida by the way whoever's sending these facts that are eligible that are all black for the Miami Herald stop.
Stop stop stop stop.
I'm going to have a bunch of eligible crap from the Herald the Herald is crap to begin with and you're sending what is it about can you even be
South or what it's about.
No it's just a black blob.
A black blob.
What is it?
It's a dark it's all inky black.
When it be a good side fine movie then of course somebody else sharp and make a racial thing out of it.
There's no question about why is it got to be black what can it be.
Yeah why does it have to be a black blob.
What drew you the South Florida I was born here that's my excuse to it in 52 I feel so bad for you folks.
But you know something after a period of time you got to wise up and when in doubt get the hell out if you're smart.
If you're smart like Frado work or business 156 I don't live here thank God thank you.
Deal God 133 I hate to keep having to reach back over here.
Deal God just just remember that the weather 126 oh the weather is wonderful especially from like about in two weeks till the end of the day.
And so I'm going to go to the end of every once 145 degrees every day and 600 degrees 600% humanity.
Oh yeah the big skier is like bowling balls those things the weather 126 and the hurricane.
Certainly not the people 88 now that's a very negative response and and rightfully so for a poll like this.
Certainly not the people 88.
Oh the people.
I escaped from Cuba Haiti whatever 47.
Marriage 43.
A vacation 27 it came to Florida on vacation they said oh this is paradise they decided to stay it's paradise.
Yeah my ass if that's paradise that rather be in hell.
Commitment to a mental institution 14 the people 14 so not the people 88 and the people 14 and whoever moved to South Florida because of the people I hate to even imagine where you came from before.
God yeah can you even imagine where you were out of Mongolia where the people were maybe on Goliath and idiots.
A lost bet 12 the beaches 12 the lovely beaches man.
A prison sentence 11 there's beautiful beaches and Hawaii by the way and they're much nicer people there and it's a cost of normal leg to live there and it takes forever to get there from just about anywhere but.
I got to go back there someday I don't know you know what the problem is with that what is the travel time.
It just takes forever takes like 11 or 12 hours to get there you have to connect on the west coast and you have to find other six hours out the middle Pacific.
But boy you talk about paradise what a wonderful place that is with really beautiful beaches and the Pacific in course is nice and warm and clear and clean unlike the Atlantic which is like oh God they're like bodies floating around in their crap.
Anyway the beaches 12 a prison sentence 11 my parents dragged me here is already got eight we just put it on it's already got eight.
How do you like that would be like bringing in lunch from charade and already got eight maybe that's what happened maybe defate your lunch.
He's entitled no he's not entitled he brings the suit man in here and he is hot man.
He is really he is really let us down lately next time he comes in there and giving him a tongue lash.
He probably enjoyed wouldn't be the first time.
His case the nightlife three oh the nightlife wow on South Beach you know those four blocks were all the people with a heavy jewelry all those fags are running around the wildlife three and a convention or trade show one the same one out of nine 62.
Boy we're approaching that thousand mark already you can just feel it and smell it poor Joel Feinberg he's probably sitting on a bench somewhere with all his money.
Oh they didn't take care of me they don't care about my business well too bad they hate you Joel like everybody else.
Just like Joe Rose hates you by the way that's the room around town you just fast me this thing and I can't make it to tell us exactly since we were talking about it that got like five of those already since we've been here.
Well what is it?
Oh what is it?
It's some article from the Harold and it's just it's just too dark.
Just too black oh I shouldn't have said that we'll get Al Sharpton again I said it's too black.
Nothing is ever too black.
You better watch yourself because we're in a very very sensitive time in America everything's got to be politically direct we have to like tip to on egg shells baby.
Tip throw a tip throw to the tulips or however the hell that goes I know I got in here.
Yeah through Aaron sexual she was about a sexy is a food plot.
I'll tell you that black is black you would have to come up with that man you are just relentless and I'm not going to get the year.
Black is about oh I'm not 68.
66.
I said it as you were saying that's it.
I don't think so.
How do you like that?
I was going to say it early.
I'm talking about the way that you might know that.
By the way do you want me to take this today?
What?
Yeah right.
You know you're both full of them.
Get the tape out of the way.
No we only see a step down.
Lowest lowboats.
Who is it?
Oh it's low sprowbos sorry.
Lowest lowboats.
Lowest labias.
You better watch your language on this show sir.
I'm telling you between the black is black and then at the labia stuff you're starting in with that's really trading on very very dangerous territory so to speak.
Very dangerous territory if you catch my drift.
959 votes on the poll boy we are really kicking some serious ass we got the dolphins back on the station.
We're getting rid of that morning.
I mean 20 before I can't believe it.
Putting the nails in their own coffin this morning putting gold on it.
What's that all about?
Did they have some kind of a fascination with him?
They want to do something easy.
No fraternity.
I thought you knew about everything.
Yeah they had a fraternity my ass.
That should be very popular.
20 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM on the sweetheart.
You're out of control.
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far the mallocard.
Thank God Sanjay is history.
Yeah.
Sanjay is finally out.
My ears would ring when he would sing.
Now he's out of his misery.
I hid when he would talk to him.
He's the boy of like nails.
Not a boredom talking group.
He blew its truce.
So Sanjay is finally out.
Packed his bags and his due break.
Former painful in a bottom cow.
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far the mallocard.
Thank God Sanjay is on the show.
Sanjay is finally out.
His quicky voice gave us no choice.
We had the red mist and the snow.
He sounds like a wounded duck.
We're out.
I love this schmuck now girl.
To work as hard luck he's through.
He blew its truce.
So Sanjay is finally out.
Pack your gel and go to hell.
Staying in your burly little house.
A jluxi.
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far the mallocard.
Thank God Sanjay is on vinyl.
Sanjay is finally out.
It was a flu that little crew.
How he survived luscious plain bowl.
From the Pacific Northwest Ranger.
And David Disney's finally laid to rescue through.
He blew its truce.
So Sanjay is finally out.
He's talentless.
This is justice.
Sanjay is finally out.
He's finally out.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
You're bearing the mountain zeal on the chepe cocktail.
Let's go Rangers.
Ah.
Well, Sanjay is going to sweep the ice up with the Rangers.
Forst rate.
No sweat.
Or did they play last night?
I don't know.
I'm not paying that much attention.
I don't think there were any games last night.
I don't believe so.
Anyway, I must be psychic.
Nobody cares about the only reason I'm using this is because I saw him on my TV.
Q Sunday morning when I was down there.
Michael Putney.
I always called him Michael Putney.
He's a good guy.
He's boring.
Maybe Dave Van Boring is a good guy.
He is so van boring.
But not nearly as boring as Michael Putney.
Anyhow, Sunday morning, what's on TV?
Nothing.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
I'm a gentleman.
Michael Putney, the service media and marketing consultant for Layton Berthalman Financial Services,
the investment bank of which he has chairman.
That's Philip Frost's chairman.
In a press release this morning, a company stated that Putney will continue his full-time position.
Oh no, as senior political reporter at WPLG channel 10, was worked since 1989 and also continued to write an op-ed column on politics for the incredibly boring Miami hero.
And a prepared statement from a said, Michael brings a unique perspective.
Unic is the word an extensive media expertise to Layton Berthalman.
And will be a valuable asset as we ramp up our communications efforts with the financial media and our shareholders.
Nice going there, Michael.
Whatever, you know, I'm off for the talent, although he don't have much.
I'm off for those guys.
Get all the cash you can.
Just like me.
Catch it if you can.
I wasn't at the Dave Clark Five.
Catch it if you can.
Catch me if you can.
So, can I go there?
Catch me if you can.
I beg your pardon?
Dave Clark Five.
Oh, if you don't have that, of course I have it.
You had Barbara Ann.
Catch us.
Catch us if you can.
Come on, that's not enough.
That's not very much.
Catch us if you can.
It's a very short, short song.
Catch us if you can.
Catch us if you can.
Very good.
That's just a rough match.
It's a whole game.
I could work for them.
They were good the Dave Clark Five.
Nothing wrong with you.
That's one of the better British and British players.
There were the Dave Clark Five and Herman's Verman and I crowned Herman's Verman.
Herman, what was his name?
Well, I don't even know remember that.
He was killed out of Melville, and Herman's Hermits.
What was it?
Herman Melville.
Come on, yeah, Herman Melville and Moby Dick.
No, that wasn't his name.
Here's the facts today.
And of course this is our crowd.
Uncle Nearly, I can't believe you haven't seen Borad yet.
I saw parts of it and George sent me the initial copy that had like subtitles
and you were just laughing at something.
Now, it wasn't his first and Spanish.
I could deal with the Spanish.
Okay, I pick it up on him on about ten words.
Like...
Thank great.
Very good. That's one of them.
It says, come on, pal.
And get with the program and watch it already.
One of the funniest movies ever made I guarantee you'll pee your checkered pants.
A Bokobry is a good one.
I'll wear a checkered pants.
And even if I did, I wouldn't be sitting in the living room wearing pants while I'm watching a movie.
I beg your pardon?
Bokobry was a doubting Thomas also and he watched it and was glad he did.
Did he pee in his checkered pants?
I think he does that anyway.
Whether he's Rob Marciano.
I'd sure like to see him pee in his pants right there on wherever he is.
Oh, he's in the Orleans Massachusetts where they just said they'd be a big no-reaster, man.
Peter Noon.
Peter Noon.
It was Herman from Herman's name.
Thank you, Bokobry.
Now, how can I name Peter Be Herman?
You know, I don't understand that.
That was a joke.
Rob Marciano looks very...
He looks good there from a distance.
He always looks good from a distance.
You get a little closer like, eh, I don't know.
I check him out.
Anyway, so our close personal friend, Ricky, turned me on a movie called Better Luck Tomorrow.
And I hope that, you know, and I bought it last night thinking I'm going to woodbind today.
See the way that works.
Better Luck Tomorrow.
Oh, man, is this guy Clever or what?
No.
Better Luck Tomorrow.
It's a Japanese movie and you're all...
Maybe I'll send it to you when I'm done with it.
Okay.
I'll take it.
Or maybe I'll just have Amazon.
Or not.
Or I'll...
Yeah, I'll take this.
If it's good, there you go.
You know what?
If it's good, there's a lot of...
I'll steal it.
I'll send it to you when I'm saying not the one that I got.
I'm not keeping it up.
If it's good.
Because the coin to Ricky, it's relaxing.
You know what?
Tomorrow it's a Japanese movie and Yadia and something.
And guess what?
You are going to be even...
You will be shocked.
A thousand and eighteen hosts.
It's not even eleven and nine and close to eleven o'clock.
It's ten fifty two.
Wow.
Which means it's probably about like twelve thirty in the mirror times.
What kind of a country has got a time zone?
It's an hour and a half ahead of the hour.
I don't know.
Bastards.
You pick it on a connox again?
Why not?
You better cut the crap.
Because when you come to the border, desperate begging, begging to be let out of that hellhole you're in right now.
Oh, can I please come to Canada?
No, can't do it.
I got this refugee routine down.
Yeah, that's true.
You've got a lot of expertise.
Thousand and twenty-one hosts already.
This article here, it says,
I think I might know the reason that Carl roved in one Cheryl Crow touching him.
This is by Lynn Davidson on what is this from?
I don't know.
He's read her blog.
He knows where her hand has been.
What is it with these environmentalists and scatology?
First there was the year without toilet paper in the New York Times.
And now this,
New Zack-friendly pop rocker, Cheryl Crow,
and an inconvenient truth producer and private jet-efficient out of Laurie David,
are on a cross-country college speaking tour
to promote the idea of anthropogenic global warming.
Crow is blogging her experiences at the Huffington Post in this time.
She really came up with a doozy.
You know, that's the first time in my life I ever saw that word in print
and I never thought it was spelled.
I always thought it was like,
DOOZY, wouldn't you spell it that way?
That's exactly how it was spelled it.
I think it has.
So with the capital D, D-U-E-S-E-Y, a doozy.
A doozy, as in doozy bag.
Maybe that's a name, maybe the original doozy bag.
Or is it a fun show or something?
You ever see a doozy bag?
No.
Apparently Crow wants to save the earth one toilet paper square at a time.
Oh, she ought to be talking to the Russians not to us.
She proposed a limitation to be put on how many squares of toilet paper
can be used in anyone's sitting,
that's S-I-T-T-I-N-G, and anyone's sitting,
and for us just washing that one square out.
Washing it out?
Oh, geez!
Yeah, baby.
She's a crazy person.
She is.
She doesn't seem to want to pass a law,
just culturally re-redist into obedience.
Here's her easy way to be part of the solution to anthropogenic global warming.
Although my ideas in the earliest stages of development
are in my mind worth investigating.
One of my favorites is the area of forced conservation,
which we heavily rely on for oxygen.
I propose a limitation to be put on how many squares a toilet paper can be used in anyone's sitting,
she says.
Now, I don't want to rob any law-biting American of his or her God-given rights,
but I think we're an industrious enough people that we can make it work
with only one square per restroom and visit,
except of course on those pesky occasions,
where two to three could be required.
Oh, this is a crazy person.
When presenting this idea to my younger brother,
whose judgment I trust implicitly, he'd propose to take it one step further.
I believe his quote was,
how about just washing that one square out?
Yeah, wash it out and use it again and again and again and again and again.
It's the quicker picker-upper.
I like to say she was kidding, says Lynn Davidson,
but based on other global warming solutions,
it's hard to tell, wacky ideas are bound.
A man-made volcano shooting sulfur in the air,
a giant space umbrella,
and even getting rid of toilets
so we can compost our own waste in the box underneath the sink.
Oh, I can't even litter-
What's your show?
Waaah!
You get to sing the song.
You're too busy, you're too busy, you're too busy, you're too fairly.
Any questions?
From the makers of Nanny 911 and Super Nanny,
comes a Hollywood twist on this show entitled Celebrity Nanny.
Join us in episode one as we bring in Alec Baldwin.
And I'm gonna keep baking your ass out!
That's exactly what he's going to do to this suburban couple's little girl with his somewhat controversial mening style of
calling the child names
Watch as Alex plays board games with a little girl then acts like a really sore loser when she wins all the time
You made me feel like
Alex takes losing board games very personally
As he then refuses to play anymore
Alex tells the girl that he would play other games with her except there's just one little problem
You don't have the brains or the
Is yelling at a child like this inappropriate Alex sure doesn't think so
It's the most interesting style of mening ever
Join Alec Baldwin as our very first ever celebrity
Yes, yes you have
It's 11.02 at 5.60 WQM
You know where you're choked our right now we were talking before the show day about idiots about a whole parents
See anybody biologically, I mean doesn't take any great talent to make a baby as you know, right
Even intentionally so it never let happen by accident
That's right and even by accident some fun, but anyway, you know these people like in the supermarkets
Or if the airport like I was talking yesterday that had their little kids and like that little kid that they had all over the
News which I didn't even see that story till you pointed out to me this morning at four-year-old kid
He's standing under the side of the football game all alone supposedly the father was down there
Well, maybe daddy was like up by the 30 yard line and he plays down by the end zone wandering around
Just wandering around like what am I doing here like a lost step job all of a sudden you know here comes the
The well whoever the hell it was the receiver makes the kitchen and they go is zooming off the feeling about a bing
He goes blowing in this a little kid, you know
And he gets all bloody and all this other stuff and just like these people at the airport you look around 50 yards ahead 50 yards behind
anybody belong to this kid and
A kid is running around opening up security doors and alarms are going off and all kinds of crap and yeah, it's just
It's America for him. It's the world. It's not just America. It's the world saying with the Europeans
We why Hitchcock now can you tell me where that is?
It must be up in the panhandler somewhere up in I thought you were talking about somewhere in the Ukraine or something no
And Florida baby we why Hitchcock can't you tell by the Hitchcock part?
Okay, it's like like oh
Chappy and I know you don't say it that way. Oh, I don't know. I don't say it. That's how I say it
But you've seen it in print though. Yes. Oh choppy
We were Hitchcock an owner of an exotic animal farm is dying after being kicked and then sat on by a camel. Oh, no, I hate when that happens
Kathy ache and I've actually did and the four-year-old camel were being filmed by a local TV station on Sunday
Well, they got a TV station and we were Hitchcock
How do you like that? When the camel kicked her and then sat down during a break in filming the station was doing a story on on
Many acres exotic animals the 15 acre farm ache owned with her husband as probably like that place in
Dual remember the movie dual I was with what's his name Dennis weaver right and
Remember there was the place where the woman had all the snakes and stuff
Yeah, there are a lot of places like that in Florida towards crappy kind of places
Kathy ache's husband Donnie ache city would find a new home for pull of the camel the news held a Panama City reported Tuesday
Panama City where they have those beautiful crystal white beaches. Oh, man
And all those Christian teenagers are screwing their brains out and having a wonderful time
He believes the 1800 pound animal was agitated by mating season see there you go
I told you if it's near Panama City is it's always mating season
The couple bought the camel in auction three weeks ago and kept them in a 50 foot by 80 foot pen
My wife did a lot of rescue Donnie ache said she would learn animal suffer
We might not have food in the house, but she made sure they had something to eat
That's right feed your camel before you feed your kids a
Reporter called 911 when ache fell under the camel to be honest with you
I don't think there's much he could have done so Gulf County Sheriff Dalton up church up Chuck
A deputy in paramedics moved the camel recovered Kathy ache's body. I bet she ached all over
That's a K.E. By the way
A key breaking heart
Donnie a city believes his wife either suffocated or was crushed by the enemy will the aches started their exotic animal farm nearly 10 years ago
Well in we were Hitchcock
So that's up there and at you know not not that's not really the pan handle, but it's pretty close to it
You know, that's where that big curve starts coming along the Gulf
You know when you go past two egg in Panama City ever been through two egg. It's one stoplight
You know I I might have and just not noticed
I'm sure I have to stop light on the way to work
That's kind of like one potato two and three potato four what happened all the great restaurants man
We've asked so many great restaurants. It's really depressing when you're trying to make choices
You know and finding new and exciting places and stuff for the eat it just
What happened all of them?
I don't know I mean when I always told that the Houston's in Fort Lauderdale
I know there's other Houston's but when that one vanished
That depressed the living snott out of me talking about snott. I just
That's that's very depressing
Isn't it?
We didn't you like Houston's I like Houston's just fine. They're still around. They're just not just not that one right
WQ I am hello, you know, I worry this morning great excellent
I've got a little bit of a report. I don't know really how to say but out
95 between a compartment commercial there's a billboard of a Joe Rose and Levitard. Yeah, LeBan studio and for some reason the
Pigeons have chose yeah
This was the right town for that how how many times have we tried to explain to these people?
It's part of the billboards how many times have we how many million times?
30 million by
Madness for
In the park and the least I sound like you were working there being yeah, well sounded like
A lot of people sound rational on the really nuts
I think the word you're looking for is dumb the you mm dumb
The after a series of delays representative Dennis Krasinich of Ohio candidate for president in 2008 with a really bad
Hairpiece announced a series of charges against vice president Dick Taney in Washington DC late in the day yesterday
Who sent it to legs that the vice president committed a series of impeachable offenses and he is therefore introducing articles and impeachment against Cheney in the Congress today
All right, you go Dennis you goofy little silly. He's he's right, but he's just still looks goofy, you know
He's about two feet tall. He's got a bad hairpiece nobody takes him seriously
The Senate started off by reading the opening words of the Declaration of Independence arguing they were instructive at this moment
Whenever any government official becomes destructive of the founding purposes that official must be held accountable. He'd be saying
The Ohio Democrats move intended to provide a defense of the rights of American people to have a government that is honest and peaceful
Who's in its excoriated? I love that word he excoriated the vice president
We called a driving force for taking us to the war against the raccoon or false pretenses and is once again rattling sabers of war against the Iran
With the same intent to drive a mercay to war again based on false pretenses war against the Iran
How do you like that and I hit the wrong button there like?
Bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb
But I am a nice nice recovery there, uh, granny Neil. Thank you
The Ohio Congressman was running for president for the second time noted three charges and articles of impeachment
We're submitted as House Resolution 333 which of course is half of
What I always told you Cheney was the anti-Christ deny oh the asses of evil
He's the ass. He's got the fat asses of evil. That's right
The first concern manipulation of intelligence about a rack straight to the US the second concern
manipulation intelligence on the Iraq al-Qaeda relationship and the last concern what he called having openly threatened aggression against the Republic of Iran as fast as I can and in
Cheney's case they need to fast with a fat ass like he's got on a bad heart
Consentage claim the charges were deeply researched in the press conference and insisted that his accusations were not just a political stump
This is not brought forth lightly. He said I carefully weighed the options available to members of Congress
I found this path the path that is most important to take he be saying
Because sentence dogs are questioned about whether or not you have the supporter fellow members of Congress
Clean the articles were just now being examined by Congress members
And you can't expect anyone to make a snatch judgment take at least 20 seconds and then say yeah, where would you baby?
He also said he was only introducing the resolution not gonna try to persuade members of Congress to join him
I'm not promoting you to a wolf blitzkrieg on CNN's situation room
The former Cleveland mayor further acknowledged in the press conference that he hadn't recently spoken with speaker
The house Nancy Pelosi on the matter Pelosi had said last year that impeachment was off the table
That's the square table Nancy doesn't know we got the round table back. We dumped the square table
Just like we're gonna dump that show. I'm sorry
They're gonna. I don't say we they
Don't you think they're gonna probably get rid of that abortion? I mean
In a conference call today the speaker went further telling Ross story that president Bush wasn't worth it because
impeachment proceedings would be a distraction from passing democratic policies that would ensure the party's future political victory
We will do more work to make for our own reelection to maintain democratic Congress and have a democratic president
She said or she meaning Nancy Pelosi that bitch and frankly for impeachment George W. Bush is just not worth it
We have great work to do for the American people. What a what a bitch
What a sour man what a nasty
So
He also acknowledged that he hadn't yet visited this is not written well meaning a
Consent again that he hadn't yet discussed his charges with Republican John Connors of Michigan
Chairman of the House of the Interior Committee who's committee must consider whether or not to four the articles to Congress a reporter
Asked us in it's why the vice president should be impeached and not president Bush
There's a very practical reason each and every charge relates to vice president Chinese conduct or misconduct in office
He's everybody added it's important that we start with mr. Cheney because if we started with the president mr. Cheney would then become president
Go think and Dennis a little reasoning there, huh?
He also noted we have to go through the constitutional agony of impeaching two presidents consecutive that we did that
That's a good point. You have to impeach Bush first and impeach cheney and impeach here just peachy peachy
Yeah, just keep doing it. Let's get some of those keywees
I'm gonna do that thing on those really superfoods that are really good for you
Now let's see key for and I heard a key for Sutherland. Yeah, and Keith
And what is this one?
With the berries. What is that?
I'll find it just a moment. Oh, Pomegranates. That's right. That's right
Come on in my house. My I said about Rosemary Clooney where she said something about Pomegranates
Kiwis
Barley which my favorite super the world is mushroom barley. Oh God. I would kill for a nice bowl of that right now
Who could I kill for a bowl of
Cranberries which nobody don't like cranberries. Oh like I said you know like
Hold the sauce broccoli sprouts. Oh God. I like broccoli just fine
I don't even know. I don't know what broccoli sprouts are or where you get them
Yeah, but it'll look in between plunges of wood mine
I'm gonna go out in the heel in the woods and like try to find me some broccoli sprouts. God
Singing is the lowest form of communicating
I've been singing out of tune and they suck tortured ears on the stages. We have found the worst thing out in the world
I don't even be unkind that you have one of the worst things voices
It just was terrible
I
This is
haha
i love that last couple of days just fine but we got country and we got western
from the book that night here
that
man this is an exciting day for me not only am i gonna go to woodbind today and
win
just millions
or maybe fifty bucks
but my close personal friend by the way thanks this code now you know this
code here
you know this goal i canoes is go
not like you know this go he writes and uh... post
you know i really would you a little bit little bit he's a great guy so far
well what does that mean so far so far so good he's really just like my
space friends are his good money but anyway he's got he's got a friend
named verage v.i. r.a.j. now what do you think he's from
and here they're good guess how do you guess that
so anyway i had noticed is what you know me and i'm no different from you
if you saw some hot chicken somebody's a page you just oh who's that by the
way is this go who's that chicken you do that right with you yes yes you
would and so would Chris all he wanted
admitted
huh
yeah
well that's supposed to be uh... like that so anyway i had noticed that
verage and there i'm joking for last couple weeks back and forth my close
personal buddies this goes a great guy by the way and a great dog lover
see that's that's the only reason he likes me he had a show is okay but the dog
loving thing was that so anyway he i guess you put in a good word for me
and so i jokingly last night sent a friend request to verage because he had his
profile set to private
mhm
and he's accepted me as a friend i don't ever do that the only other time ever
did that was with soccer mark member from mario and
okay
you remember that that's a risk
christmas because it was pretty embarrassing
when a big celebrity like me sending somebody a friend request that that's bad
that is so tacky man
because it's your hormones taken over and the audience is thinking well you
know verage is twenty two years up there is from my anybody's a student that
uh... gains bill up their uf rf you were whatever
and uh... nea just wants to look at those pictures yeah that's true i mean
he seemed like a good guy
and i do want to look at the pictures
he's a real some of those indian people man i could tell you stories from here
but i better not
cuz i want to continue for another twenty years
well some of those in the sea and that that's one thing i don't know maybe i'm
wrong about that
but don't you think that most americans america being his periculous it tends to
be especially in south florida
where nobody gets more than ten blocks from home very often
and they think that people like from you know india pakistan uh... middle
east like palestinians they think those people like all yucky you know i guess
i guess yeah
see i am right
once
and that's not true at all
i mean there plenty of americans were yucky you know
java
that i mentioned our goal is thirteen hundred on the pool
our goal goal
we got ten ninety two right now
i just i just pick a number every day and generally we get there because the
audience cooperate just fabulously
in fact let me click that view current thing again
currents by the way we're talking about before the show
and uh... and i got another one i get a point
and you're got a right that's right you're the one came up with a were both
the little bird berries and right i think the professor sent me all this
stuff and i saw the picture of those uh... what is it again i keep for
polygreens
well that that i guess that's when you cut it open it's got all the little
red berries in it
well but they're different yet the problem with that it's got a little uh... i
don't even know what you call them those are seeds with the pulp around the
outside
looks nasty to me it looks like something from outer space
you've had a lot of it's a lot of time
regrets haven't yet i don't think so they're good they're different but they're
good they're good for you i'll get to this list here in a second of all these
things that in the audience going to go
uh... that i don't want to be in that stuff yet you do
so anyway thank you for watching thank you this go for allowing me to enter
your world and believe me i will not gonna bug him not gonna send many emails
except
like that just a big a big long distance kiss up to the games go her down there
wherever it is
is there anything wrong with that
not at all i'm just a friendly old guy that's all
just a perfect for a pretty face each out and touch
i'd like to reach out and touch for rige although i don't want him to hear
that
he's not listening
i just i don't know i felt very uncomfortable doing that i felt like it like a
dirty old man but then again i am a dirty old man so what would be wrong with
doing that right
right
i'm a dirty old fact so i would and i'm not doing it for like i'm going to meet for
rige anytime soon or anytime in my lifetime and have my way with him or like
uh... you know give him a big hug and a squeeze and goosie or something that's
not gonna happen damn it
it
and this goes to me and he said he's a very shy fellow
which for twenty four year old guys is going to use them very a stodgy language
shy fellow would you would you call somebody a shy fellow you know
the little bit of you know make a larph or something
but he did it was very very amusing moment is a shy fellow yet
and i wrote back i said i could untry him in about five minutes but just
i don't want to get let you know all these ramblings and writing so it makes me
seem like a real pervert that's bad even though it's very true and i'm proud of it
we can hear this being a perverted things
niece of car valisbury founder wants body of zoom to check for foul play
boy he's been dead a long time
hasn't
yeah he played the seventeen time car val what's wrong with you man
just because the ice cream is kosher you don't have to be anti-semantic and
we say cookie plus
god what is wrong with you
even though i don't like car valisbury at all it's not to me it's not ice cream it's like mish
well i don't mind their flying saucers a little bit
they're having the car valisbury so i'm sure you have i like cookie plus
almost almost eighteen years after the death of ice cream magnet
Thomas car valisbury it's not maggot magnet his niece wants car valis body to be
exiled from a new york cemetery looking to suspicions he may
suspicions that he may have been murdered
oh
panellar car valisbury they're fraud investigator who lives in broward county
filed suit and for the order they'll federal court last week seeking a court
order for the exclamation
last friday but the sun sent us just getting around a writing about it today
they're a little slow in the court filing a convoluted account of be trail
and greed she accuses two former car valisbury employees of embezzling
millions from the family and possibly killing Tom car valisbury cover up the
theft oh that would be bad remember he used to do the commercials remember that
no i'm tom carbell
the exclamation request comes after years of bitter feuding between the car val
family and the lawyers and bankers controlling
Thomas car valisbury state once vetted about two hundred million dollars i'll take it
panellar car valisbury was not represented by an attorney wrote the complaint
herself many of her claims can easily be substantiated
an interview car valisbury knows his suspicions may sound over the top
the bottom line she said is that circumstances surrounding her uncle's death
just don't add up whatever the autopsy results are is fine with me i just like to have it all
put the bed she said at the time of his death Thomas carbelled with his wife agmas in Palm Beach
county he died october 21st 1990 at age 84 in a couple second home in dexterous county
new york started a state of coisive death was a heart attack
court of the complaint the doctor whose name appeared on
commissar carvilles death certificate later said he couldn't recall signing it or examining
huh doctor joshua purport the guy with the goofy head brown counties medical examiner said an
autopsy what my shed light on the cause of death even after 18 years if there was good in bombing
the body would probably be well preserved said purport who's not connected with the case
on the other hand he said in bombing fluid might make it impossible to determine if there was
a poisoning or stuff car valisbury's fortune to a charitable foundation agmas for
a carbell was to receive income from the foundation till she died
panellar carbells that are and who died 98 never received up penny the couple had no children
she never got a dime she couldn't even afford to go to carbell and buy some at the chunky monkey
we were spunky carbells that surviving relatives have little again financially
if it turns out Thomas carbell was slain because they were not significant beneficiaries of carbells
of state always check that will man check it twice to make sure who's being naughty and night
oh god and now hit on dancing with the stars the first contestant to compete with an
artificial limb she's heav'emills it's great to welcome her to larry king lighter oh thanks very
much it's gonna some calls black lake ohio hello Heather what do you want to say to all those
people who call you a gold digger well that's true it is yeah wait a minute forget the good
wife and mother wait you married pomecourtney just for the money oh yeah for money you know I
certainly didn't marry for any other reasons pomecini flarda hello hi hi Heather I didn't
catch dancing with the stars this week did I miss anything uh yes my legs went fly enough oh no
yeah it totally happened to me during the competition yeah a historic moment I think it's funny
it comes out very easily it does it comes out very easily let's look at that big moment and the
reaction watch five five five two two three four and turn wow yeah and how did you overcome it hoping
after trying to pick it up she's heav'emills only interested in money yes yes oh there's fat
rosy she's leaving the view in June thank god who cares yeah but you agree with a lot of what
rosy says you know that's like the bill mar thing you know since because we agree with what's the
least we're supposed to automatically like five here anymore about bill mar I'm gonna just vomit
and if I hear any more about if I have to see rosy again I'm passing on lunch I'm passing gas real
bad can you can you imagine when she farts oh my god there's elevators coming buildings when
rosy o' dongle cuts the cheese baby people for blocks around goes screaming anyway speaking of
passing a lot of gas I'd like to meet some of these foods that innocent health center says a good
for you you'd be farting up a storm but what's wrong with that nothing please give you some distance
anyway you know give me a little bit of breathing room keeper I don't I don't I never heard that
I know a guy named keeper I mean a keeper subtle yeah and a lot of people can act for crap
keeper is cultured milk it says this cultured milk drink stacks up and calcium one eight ounce
serving contains 30% but third man I'd recommend a daily intake contains more beneficial bacteria
than yogurt oh man it's got all the little things swimming around in kind of like sperms it may
also reduce food allergies baby mice fed keeper at a three full reduction in the amount of antibody
linked to food allergies say researchers in agriculture or university where the hell would you buy
keeper like a health food store I reckon the whole food market might have something like that there
may also battle breast cancer women eight fifty an older who consume fermented milk products had a
lower wrist and those away little or none and they also avoid triggering lactose intolerance which
you claim that I've got I had another pint I I just can't say it on it's just so embarrassing
another pint of hog and does rocky road yesterday and you know what what it was good okay
oh man keeper contains lactase the enzyme that people with lactose intolerance are missing
say researchers at Ohio state and the taste like plain yogurt just a little thinner so maybe
you want to chop up some fruit and stuff and put them in there you know that's what people do with
yogurt all the lot of stupid people get yogurt because they think it's good for you and they get
to yogurt with the trout and the fruit on the bottom and all the sugar in there and it's got 80
million grams carbs and stuff I mean what what's the point of that that we like that we like eating
a bunch of plain yogurt and then following with like a banana split yeah do I do admit that I had
a banana split in Amsterdam at the Marquis but what I already said you like a pig while you're there
it wasn't a real banana split though it just had like one slice banana on the plate with like
three small blobs of vanilla ice cream and like a little fudge sauce smeared around the edges you
know that that to me is not a banana split you want to go to Jackson's ice cream parlor and
Daniel that's where you get a real banana split like the old-fashioned kind man hmm
hmm why did you get me started with ice cream again that's just me and the Basero
that's wrong because you want me to cook real serving for all that money out of my room
I just changed my mind I'm leaving it all to Viraj whatever I got beautiful he's a good guy I think
I don't I have no idea who he is he looks good I'll say that and he sure got to write
attitude man he approved my ass and I guess from what your friend Zisco tells me he listens to my
show when he's in Miami every now and that's sweet that's sweet and it says on his and his
profile there he's 22 he's single and straight gee I'm so tired of that but anyway here's the
poll what drew you to South Florida I was born here that's my excuse and even 300 300 people were
born in South Florida oh look at that there's that fire in waycrossed Joja again on scene waycrossed
Joja man that's a real rednicky place you know what what do we know waycrossed from whatever happened
some people maybe that's where Hollison Billy Rieger were born and we call it Joja oh a couple of harness
drivers anytime I say somebody you have no idea who they are they're harness drivers trust me like
he said a lot of names I don't know like Elmer Conrad for example and Charles Conrad and well let's
I don't want to get started there because I'll go on forever you don't know your harness racing
name me one horse that raced against Oon and a My remember that guy he was he was
hysterical he was typical of what's wrong with all the paramutuals the average attendee is like
death plus 40 walk through you to South Florida I was born here that's my excuse 302 now see how many we
got 1120 I will make the 13 easy Chris I wouldn't even I wouldn't even worry about it if I were you
okay I worry about how come Duffton you know Charha today in fact next time he comes in there I'd
beat the crap out of him I just kick him right in the groin say how do you like this stuff
here's something for you he might enjoy it though work or business 176 keeps them in South Florida I
don't live there thank god thank you oh 151 the weather 139 they like hurricanes I guess and then
the aftermath of them certainly not the people 102 not the people you might think it's the people
but it's not I escape from Cuba Haiti etc. 51 and look where I wound up I'm swimming back as a matter
fact marriage 48 my parents dragged me here look at how that's moved up there thank you so
many many much WB for suggesting that 42 people already it's moved up the latter it's a it's in
mid-pack they're packing it a vacation 27 it came on vacation and they just couldn't leave they
thought they discovered paradise and now they're stuck there and they just hated like poison
commitment to a mental institution 21 the beaches 15 the people 14 these people who a person
sentenced 13 lost bet a dozen the nightlife three but it has that hasn't moved a tick nor has
the wildlife three I mean who moved somewhere because they got like a lot of wildlife lots of
people poshms and one of those other little armadillos you ever seen armadillos and see you're
talking about the Florida scrub wildlife varmits is what you're talking about no I'm talking about
I'm talking about it in my area out there in any areas we got like armadillos have you ever seen one
of those wild ones you never seen one they're everywhere everywhere poshms sure yeah we'll get
started raccoons nightlife three the wildlife three and a conventional trade show there was one
four bastards who came for a convention and he couldn't get out damn it maybe it was that sex
convention at the Miami Beach Convention Center maybe with you know that there's a movie I was
in a I was in a store I went to three stores before I could find better luck tomorrow last night I
found it and there's a movie called being Ron Jeremy or something like that it's a common
oh okay like being John Malkovich but it's Ron Jeremy right being fat Harry in this line starts
to find out oh I don't know there was no line there were a lot of people looking at the
screaming disgusting but nevertheless it's cause I'll do a hetero sing yeah we're not responsible
for Ron Jeremy no but with with hetero is in poor him where he's the guy doesn't have to be good
looking he may be disgusting himself he doesn't have to look like Tom Byron you it doesn't
help when they're disgusting as hell let me tell you Peter North that's some of the
some boy that that product I think Peter North has kind of gone south I couldn't be wrong about that
nothing more than what's from what I heard still the world's greatest rate you this conversation
I thought to Peter North the other day he tells me your real name is Neil down and he's still
interested it's the certifiably intense John McKay singing his way into the hearts of voters
that draws the country bomb bomb bomb bomb brand bomb bomb bomb brand anyway I think brand
it's great that the ratings are continuing their average of wire I do believe what yeah
anyway bomb bomb bomb bomb brand bomb bomb brand after a restful vacation in the middle east
tower at Isavirat he packed the bag dad and his jeeps to embark on a bench voice
drake that get to it and it'd be nice to have you truly a short destruction so everyone can have
bombs on their head as you're over where I will have no bombship to thank you for your vote
making you dead it's not nice to vote but a mentally handicapped so let the old man wear out the war
hero welcome that my brain something out tonight cheeks where I stored nuts and many other things
funny room for my wild car keys and even a wristwatch
and I praise the a-hole McCain's message is clear if you listen carefully do the voices inside his
cheeks god only knows when we're getting on I get it
they're my cigarette
I sent he said
there but cigarette thererd
My cigarettes.
They're my cigarettes.
WQAM, hello.
Bobby got shot in the leg.
So anyhow, let's get back to these super foods, okay?
I know there would be a really good call on there, just when we came back.
They're always there.
Look at 137 votes on the poll.
I think we got 1,300 made in a shade, maybe.
I think we got it licked.
Speaking of licking, pomegranates.
If you're going to have a martini, at least make it a pomegranate one.
Have you?
A pomegranate martini?
Yeah, I think I'll try it.
This fall fruit has higher antioxidant activity than red wine and green tea, which may be why
a number of studies show it may prevent skin cancer and kill breast and prostate cancer
cells.
It also helps fight Alzheimer's disease.
Researchers at Loma Linda University found that mice who drink pomegranate juice experienced
50% less brain-degeneration than animals that consume really sugar water.
The pomegranate drinkers also did better in mases and tests as they aged.
A group of diabetics, now this is the part interesting to me, moving into the Santhe baby, a group
of diabetics who drank about two ounces of pomegranate juice today for three months, kept
their bodies from absorbing bad cholesterol into their immune systems, a major contributing
factor to hardening of the arteries discovered researchers in Israel and Wolf Flitzgrig is
trelling from that, how do you like that?
He put a special schmata on to celebrate.
I think we ought to have regular Yiddish lessons on a sure-of-eating.
I think so.
A lot of glamour there, not really doing all that well with their Yiddish, and you think
after years, listen to this show, you people would know your Yiddish baby, that's right.
1140 on a pool, man, we are kicking some big, in spite of Paul and Angel Ron, I think that's
helping us on big, because there were a lot of people who probably liked listening to the
music you know from like 10 to 1130 or 10 a.m. and now that they're on from two in the
morning till midnight every day, I think that big one of six just shot themselves in
the nose, I could be wrong about that.
Maybe they're going to take a big chunk of our audience away, what do you think?
And a week from Friday comes the winter book, the winter book, the summer nose, now what
movie was that from?
The summer nose.
Don't you remember that movie?
It sounds familiar.
I don't have that.
Oh that was that from summer 42?
I don't know, you didn't see that movie with, um, Squirmy, Hermy.
I might have seen it.
I'm trying to find out.
Brimmy Gary Grimes and, uh, who was it?
I don't know.
Jennifer O'Neill.
Sounds familiar.
You didn't see the summer 42.
What about the beach house?
Yeah.
Okay, I saw it.
And her husband got killed in the Vietnam or whatever, whatever, where we were find when
I think came out, probably via the, I don't know.
And her friend was a younger guy?
Well the kid.
Yeah.
Gary Grimes, baby.
Yeah, I saw it.
Kiwi fruit.
Boy, I assure a lot of fruit on this list.
Don't judge this fruit by its cover.
It says under that bristly brown peel, you'll find a bright green star bursting with antioxidants
and folified fruit.
Kiwi fruit works to protect against free radical damage.
A study for Marker's University compared to 27 most popular fruits.
I bet you one of them was...
Damn, God!
And determined that Kiwi fruit was the most nutritionally dense.
Oh, there they go talking behind my back again.
Dense.
Plus, it makes the short list of fruits with substantial amounts of vitamin E and contains
more vision-saving lutein than any other fruit of vegetable except for corn.
Oh, corn?
A corn sure is special.
Not good for you though.
It's very hot.
What's the bad thing about corn?
The carbs.
But there's something else bad about corn.
Some people have an allergy to it also.
Starch, baby.
Although I love corn on the cob.
You know the best?
They call it Indian corn on the cob.
You rack it up in tinfoil.
You know when you put it on the grill?
That's good.
Oh, when you're blacking at baby in the corn too.
In a 2004 study from the University of Oslo in Norway, participants await two or three
Kiwis for 28 days, significantly reduced their potential for former clot.
They also got a bonus benefit, their triglycerides.
A blood fat link to heart attack dropped by 15%.
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Oh my God!
Let's go out and get about your fruit, baby.
Now, continuing with these, there's only a couple more I think.
There's only like I said, three more.
I better hurry up with this.
$7.45 on a pool.
Barley.
You know something?
I might have to skip wood by it and find me a place where I can get a mushroom barley soup.
I might be after wood.
But you don't have a soup man up there because that's one of the flavors I saw that they had.
It is?
Yeah.
George was at the soup man in the opposite adventure.
Yeah.
Yes, great.
I'm getting all the lobster bisque that they had available.
Man, I love my soups.
And a mushroom barley.
Anyway, it says when some whole grains such as wheat notes are processed, they lose their
fiber content.
Not so with barley, baby, which is full of soluble beta-glucan fiber in its whole color,
refined flour form.
Beta-glucan.
What is it?
Beta-glucan.
What did I call it?
I don't know.
Glucan.
Glucan.
Do it.
Never heard of it.
Well, whatever you don't even know what you see.
Correct to me.
You don't even know what that is.
You don't even know what that is.
They do have mushroom barley.
Glucan, my ass.
To the chair.
Studies show this fiber may knock down bad cholesterol by as much as 17.5 percent, according
USDA research.
A 2004 study found that adults with moderately high cholesterol levels went on low fat American
heart association diet, began to see an improvement only when barley was added to the menu.
Boy, I love my mushroom barley soup with some nice, sliced shrooms in it and lots and lots
of barley.
And it says that also makes barley a better choice for people with type 2 diabetes because
it helps decrease blood sugar and insulin levels.
I'm going out and give me a gigantic, not a bowl I'm getting a fat.
I'm getting a gigantic fat of mushroom barley soup.
I can eat that all day.
Wouldn't that be...
You know, they say that one-dimensional diets are bad for you.
Like the all ice cream diet, for example, probably wouldn't be rated.
The delicious though, especially if it was like hog and does rocky road.
I'm sure there are other ice cream makers that make better.
And you know what else is really good to his heavenly hash?
What's in that beside hash?
Sounds heavenly.
Well, what do you mean what's in it besides hash?
You ever had heavenly hash?
I think I have, but I forgot.
A little bits of chocolate and marshmallow.
Ooh, and lots of chocolate.
Yeah, yeah.
See, when the base flavor is chocolate, you can't go wrong.
You just like New Orleans, man.
Right.
Cranberries, oh, brother, this is born in Brett American.
So anyway, we never got to the thing about what berries was it that you said...
Currants.
Currants.
Now, currents in Europe, like I told you when I was in Copenhagen, they used them in Denmark
for whatever reason.
They used it a lot and they stick like little bits of them on plates.
So yeah, I like them when they're doing the plate, but their currents are good.
Anyway, getting back to Cranberries, this born in Brett American berries
among the top 10 antioxidants in which was making it a potent cancer protector.
You see, I'm thinking about the waiter in that restaurant in Copenhagen.
I'm not thinking about the currents.
Currants were good, but not as sweet as he was.
Oh, those deans, those great deans.
Anyway, he was a blonde guy, you know.
You know it helps treat urinary tract infections.
It says, perhaps you've heard it prevents gum disease too, cranberries.
Compounds in the juice can actually alter antibiotic resistance strains,
making it impossible for the harmful bacteria to trigger an infection.
A small pilot study from Harvard Medical School at Markbridge University found that eating
about a third of a cup of dried cranberries yielded the same effect.
Better than the juice. Cranberry juice is like, it's just like the drinking sugar.
Right.
I did. It's good.
Right.
Man, it's good.
Good with some booze.
Research on pigs, genetic predisposition to arthorosclerosis, antherosclerosis.
Why can't I read any of this?
Nero-hardened arteries that may lead to heart attack and stroke found that those fed dried cranberries
or juice are really healthier, more flexible blood vessels.
Oh, I'd like to have a flexible vessel. I'll tell you that.
And last and definitely least broccoli sprouts.
Yes, we've been through this. It says broccoli good.
The news broccoli sprouts even better.
At a mere three days old, they contain at least 20 times as much of disease-fighting SGS,
which triggers enzymes in the body that either kill cancer cells or keep them from growing.
You've heard that. I'm sure you've even though you hate cooked broccoli,
is that broccoli is one of those anti-cancer, antioxidant, that you'll...
Yes, I have. I don't deny that it's very nutritious if you could just choke it down.
It says the...just one ounce of sprouts has got as much of that SGS as one and a quarter pounds of broccoli.
It says it'll save you lots of chewing.
Yeah, chew this. Chewbacca.
People wait about a half ago.
Half a cup a day of sprouts lowered their total cholesterol by never just 50 points.
They raise their good cholesterol by eight points.
In just one week, found a Japanese product study.
I can't wait to see that better luck tomorrow, it's Japanese.
Exposure to UV sunlight over time may lead to an eye condition called macular degeneration,
which is the number one cause of blindness in U.S. seniors.
Researchers at John Hopkins determined that broccoli sprouts can protect
retinal cells from ultraviolet light damage.
You can probably eat a cup of this and stand out there and stare right at the sun for about four or five weeks.
Just stare right at it until your eyes melt and start running down your cheek.
I don't like that broccoli sprouts.
Went in doubt. Try some sprouts.
Anyway, whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Welcome back to Kenny and Bo.
He'll be joining us again today.
I can't believe the Jimmy of the Cancel football training.
That's not right.
Stop telling you what's not right.
If the 9-11 all sports was canceled for almost a week, I was in withdrawal.
Hey, you were doing a show the morning in 9-11, right?
Yeah.
Well, how'd you handle that?
I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami Hoi Recai.
Oh, no, I don't know, girl.
Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit.
That's right. You're not going to last as long as I have.
Dude, people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked, man.
That wasn't a good situation.
What's that got to do with single, very human, spoiled, vagary?
So let me get this right. There's nothing more important in life than sports, right?
I don't care if my house was boiling down with my family factor inside.
Nothing will lift my head from the sports page.
Do one, grab security at QIM.
It's sports, sports, sports.
If you want to wake here, sports!
Look at Gail De Camille. Camille, I want to show you something.
So take a peek at that. Look at that crowd.
There's Senator John McCain, sent to former announcers candidacy,
and I used the term loosely. It was what, death plus about 80.
You want to hear the beginning of your announcement?
That's the beginning and the end of the middle.
Crazy person.
So all those old group falls, so you're in the enforcement to hand you on.
I'm craggy. New handshawights? What's the idea?
By the way, let me just say this to you.
I'm not saying I'm not going to take any new ads on our Myspace page, on the show page.
But I'm denying so many people now because if there's any kind of,
I give it to Smeltest, you know what I mean?
And there was like a picture a second ago, like a dog, I'm 19.
A nearly naked young guy, and not a bathing suit kind of picture, you know.
And I looked it over and looked really shady to me.
And most of the so-called friends were like celebrity pictures.
And it's Smelt and had an order to it.
And then all of a sudden, here's one from the fat man who just took a bogus back to back.
And I deleted both of them.
They're both the same person, by the way.
Huh.
And the fat man says, oh, somebody hacked into my page and I, yeah, right.
Get lost, okay?
All you fakers and shakers and quakers out there who want to come in the back door.
Get lost.
Correct them.
That's right.
Now, who fast is this?
I thought I was all done with that, Betty, Betty, a good, Betty, a news.
Say hello to Asai.
A-C-A-I.
Asai.
The fruit that's making believers, the world class athletes and health doctors,
people everywhere, growing in the Amazon rainforest, Asai is truly a gift from other nature.
It's got a rich, very cocoa flavor that makes it taste amazing.
And it's packed with more antioxidants than blueberries or pomegranates plus loads of healthy omega fats, protein and dietary fiber.
How do you like that?
I got to look that up.
I got to Google it during the break and see what it looks like.
Asai.
You ever hear of it?
No.
I just thought it went out asai.
So what makes any antioxidants and omega fats so important?
Studies have shown how the French and Mediterranean diets rich in red wine and olioleva help maintain a heart body, brain and skin.
Cape Bani, olioleva.
What bad acting?
Organic Asai combines the best of both diets with 30 times, the antioxidants are red wine and essential fatty acid profile similar to olioleva.
Asai is a potent combination your body shouldn't go without.
It's potent and it's impotent, super healthy, super tasty, super food.
The asai fruit has been featured on Oprah, well nothing's perfect.
In the Wall Street, urinal and the New York Times amazingly, the little asai berry about the size of a blueberry is being called the Miracle Berry.
And whoever is peddling this, oh, look where it's from, University Dodge.
Hmm.
A Brazilian very popular in health food contains antioxidants that destroyed cultured human cancer cells and recent University of Florida study.
That's where my buddy, Varage, goes to school by the way University of Florida and Gainesville.
I just thought you'd be interested in the Gator.
One of the first to investigate the fruits, purported benefits.
Published today in the journal by the culture and food chemistry, the study showed extracts from asai, berries triggered a self-destruct response enough to 86% leukemia cells tested.
Asai berries are already considered one of the richest fruit source of antioxidants they've been saying, this study was an important step to avoiding what people may gain from using beverages, dietary supplements or other products made with the berries.
That's beverages, as in beverages in Moria.
Remember that?
Eh.
Barriages in Moria.
That was funny.
Well, when you get to over 800 pounds, you start slurring your words a little bit. It's not a good thing.
Don't forget, hopper in the Amad dog will be out at Dolphin Camp this afternoon from two to, uh, God-o-wing nose.
When then we got that awful Marlon game tonight.
Any interest whatsoever?
No.
If I love anyone on this pool, there's some interest in that thing.
We're going to be at our 1300 and then some, Chris. How do you like that?
Oh, very happy.
Now, did you guys get anything just to how he's bacon?
It's not getting a little bit old. I mean, my bacon's not getting old.
Chris got his three resources. I just ate bacon.
If I'm smart during this break instead of looking up asai, you know what I'm going to do?
Make more bacon?
Yes.
Then that's all like your capital idea?
Break and bacon.
Mm-hmm.
Bacon break?
Although it's not kosher, but nevertheless.
I'm going to see if there's like a little circle you on the box.
Because if you're like really from, if you're like a really obsessive Jew, like Harry Sarner, for example,
you don't want to meet no trade, especially just before you go to woodbind to plunge your guts out.
Because if he weep trade, then God's going to punish you and he's going to put a hex on your machine.
No matter which one you play, he's going to follow you.
And no matter which machine you sit, you're asked on it.
Oh, I'm putting a hex, bzzz, like that.
You know how ever God does it?
Like in the Captain Marvel, Shazam, you know.
What Jim neighbors would say. Shazam.
Now why does Jim neighbors say Shazam?
Why does he say, I guess it's a Hillbilly thing?
Is that what it is?
Shazam?
No.
I never knew that till this moment.
I'm sure I want to say it.
I've never heard anybody else say it, except for Billy, you know, when he turns into Captain Marvel.
Billy Batson?
Billy whatever his name was.
Billy Batson?
Was that his name?
Google it right now.
I found Dianne Eurlion or however that goes.
Oh, never a Shazam reader personally.
What?
I mean, I saw him, but you know, you never kept in Marvel fans.
Sure.
Look, it's a pretty Batson narrated, typically narrated in each Captain Marvel story when Billy Batson says the magic word Shazam.
I'm a special movie Captain Marvel, but a beep and a movement that goes on.
How do you like that?
What a memory, man.
I am a freaking genius.
What's about every 10 years?
Markets have memory of that tiger for a friend.
What are you talking about?
In the comic book.
He had a memory of that tiger.
Billy the tiger?
Billy, maybe.
I see.
I remember the villain of the word.
I think I like that.
But you still remember that.
I saw it, but I just remember the kid's name.
Who I am?
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Listen.
Yes, sir.
It's Rocky Barry.
It's this monomy.
It's supposed to be the Jesus' juice of the 90s in the 2000s.
Rocky Barry?
Rocky, try to get Barry.
How we Barry?
You lost it yet.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing today?
Okay, sir.
How you doing?
Hey, I was just carrying you to talk about that Barry.
Not that I want to correct anybody.
You barely.
It's the Akai Ferry.
I mean Barry.
Well, that's not what it says in the story.
It says, it shows it's phonetically ASSI.
Oh, I just read that.
It's spelled AC, sir, but in Spanish, it's a SCC.
You better get with it.
It's a spigot-poly.
You pick it up on it.
You get with it.
You damn cracker-man.
You idiot.
You silly ass anglo.
Akai.
What a goofball.
Akai looks like some kind of a Japanese thing.
So I would have said it.
Well, that's not what it is.
Because it is...
How do I know what it is?
But it spells it phonetically in here so that if some goofball
read about it on the radio, for example, like yours truly,
he would at least pronounce it right.
Even though he didn't know what the hell it is.
I'm making more bacon.
Bacon's not good for us.
It's not good for us.
But it's not ice cream.
It's not ice cream.
It's not ice cream.
It's not ice cream.
You were thinking to have it.
Now, why would you say that?
Well, how do you know it is?
An ice cream doesn't have ice trites and ice trites in it.
All the artificial crams.
All the rots.
No, if you go to Cold Stone Creamery,
it doesn't have all that preservatives, I'm sure.
Especially that cake batter one.
It's got all the botched listening stuff in it.
The one I got recalled.
Yeah.
Well, I don't want to go.
I don't want to listen.
See, you have to open up a mouth again.
I'm talking about bacon.
What does it say, Chris?
Those two words, ice cream.
He said ice cream, you scream.
We all scream for ice cream.
He's just trying to kill you, that's all.
Oh, I know that, so we can get the money in my will.
I know that I left it all to Viraj.
I am so pleased.
Please just punch that he accepted me on there.
I feel like I'm validated as a human being.
It would have been, not only that,
but also what's his name?
Mark the soccer guy at UNF.
The one with a broken leg.
Hope you're hailing up.
Mark, not that he's listening to the show.
He's got no idea who I am.
See, at least Viraj has got some ideas.
Listen to the show.
He knows I'm an old fag in this bother.
But Mark the soccer guy, I wrote to him and I told him I'm the old fag on a radio.
He didn't bother him.
And anybody who looks like that is used to being like,
will that by men, by women, by animals, by trees, by flowers, tulip, and anything.
Anybody looks that good.
Now, do you remember Mark from the long run?
I'm sure you don't.
No.
Who?
You don't even remember the Serbian statin for Christ's sake.
Who?
1100 ESM votes on the pool.
Is there any doubt that we're going to get that 1300?
No.
Of course not.
Because we're legendary, man.
And can't you feel it in the air?
Is there like a little in my voice because of the fact that we got the dolphin games back on again?
Yeah, it's the rest of the year.
And then we'll be starting this week or next week for another 400 years on the air.
And all that other good stuff.
I should probably give the details of that new deal that we're working out right now,
but I better not.
Not a good idea.
Till it's inked.
You know?
How are you upset about that thing?
No.
Because you're not going to have to be the one who does that Friday stuff.
In fact, it's going to be a benefit for you too.
I wouldn't be surprised if you have off on Fridays.
In the last couple of years, you've probably done long.
What?
I wouldn't be surprised.
Well, there you go.
And you're not going to lose a dime.
And I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
Probably.
Not anymore, of course, but yeah.
You know, nothing's perfect.
And now, a song from Alec Baldwin's 11-year-old daughter, Ireland.
I'm sure that she's not going to lose a dime.
But I'm sure that she's not going to lose a dime.
I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
And I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
And I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
And I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
And I'm sure that by that time you'll still be making the same big bucks you're making now.
When Mommy and I left that crazy fool after he called me a piggy by the fool.
He made me quite just to see my tears.
He'd hardly let me till he got rid of the ears like a bulldog in my own name.
One of his like-hearted displays always dreamt he'd leave us both alone.
He doesn't eat then all my age has so much age he should be locked in a cage.
He leaves me messages that never events he's just one of those men.
I just got streamed that by my father again.
1218 and 560 oh excuse me what I really mean to say was 1218 that's better.
I've five six feet I'll be doing.
Speaking of berries you know what that makes me think of what I know I'm moving to what.
That is a creed that is a creed.
No no okay berry berry what about that you know who that was no.
That was the name of the character that warned baby play in the movie All Fall Down which you continue resisting to watch it.
Did I ever get that for you?
No I haven't seen it yet.
Car on the other side.
With your boyfriend Brandon it.
Who?
Brandon DeWilda that's the one.
He was about like 20ish thereabouts.
Never seen it.
He's all fall down that's your reason I like the movies.
It's a good baby.
It's pretty good.
Boofy here in it.
Yeah.
What a surprise.
Look it up I.M.D. Beard.
I'm going to DB it right now.
Yeah.
And you'd like it if you want it I'll give you that one.
What was the other one's going to get you all this one.
Let me see if I can see the first though.
Come on.
Don't be stealing stuff.
People are going to throw all kinds of rumors about you.
Too late.
That's right there already.
What?
12 something already?
12.06 my god we got now in 40 minutes to go.
We already got caught in six votes.
Easy 13 today Chris easy.
You want to be breathing you want to be breathing through a ventilator right now so easy.
I put the visual oxygen tent.
Oh okay.
Have you know who won Pablo Montoya is?
Wait for a driver.
See I knew you know George does know because he doesn't care about that crap and he didn't know.
I'm thinking about famous South American political leaders over here.
Oh.
Mask our announce today is fine driver one Pablo Montoya.
One Pablo Montoya.
Ten grand and place the 31 year old working on probation to December 31.
The Miami resident was punished for making an inappropriate gesture during a live broadcast in a Bush series practice Thursday at Phoenix International Raceway.
He made an inappropriate gesture probably give the attack in salute.
You'll one finger salute.
Can you think of any other inappropriate gesture?
It's really what I know of.
I mean there are some.
No that I'm studying sign language and a whole lot.
Do you really?
Oh yeah.
I can defend the death of variety ways.
Now would be a good time for you to resume those appearances you know on the weekends.
But yeah if you actually boss and and make some obscene.
I don't think there's just some of these unsuspecting ideas.
I don't think this regime believes in appearances or the talent making.
Like the boy with the eyes that he's that he's that he's that guy with a fanny pack that crowd.
Montoya thought he made the gesture to a cameraman.
He's befriend it who's gathering footage for an ABC documentary on a stress schedule to bear this summer.
But Montoya wound up being caught on tape during the speech channels broadcast a Bush practice.
I really feel bad.
The incident happened.
He said the statement was only meant as a joke to one of my friends.
I completely understand that's a point of view and it's decision.
This is more dot I'm a stuff baby.
More of this politically correct crap.
He didn't even know that people were going to see it.
It would have been if he would have whipped out his in the middle of the thing and they put it on TV or something like that.
You know you didn't think people were going to see it like that.
You know what I mean?
Uh huh.
Yeah.
I know.
What kind of a name is very very for a person.
I thought you were just.
You just hear that scene making it happen.
Huh?
Who?
McCain.
Who cares?
All these old old old people standing behind him in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
All these nine happy year old Farts, these fossils, these human fossils.
These retardos.
And you know something, those people were so late, we remember that song.
Bum bum bum bum bum.
Burrant.
See, so it doesn't have any significance to them.
They just said, oh, that's a good idea.
There he goes again.
Good idea, the senator.
You idiot.
You not see.
You lunatic.
He got about as much chance again in that nomination as you do.
None.
Trouble nine and a pull.
I'm pretty impressed by that.
I bet your Chris is just crawling from it.
He don't even know what that means.
No, he's not.
Dominic Q.
I.M.
Hello.
Q.
I.M.
Yes.
Hey, did you print it about?
I was 92,000 both of them.
They're in Tuscaloosa.
They showed up for that.
Scrimmage.
College.
Scrimmage game.
There must be nothing to do.
An old Tuscaloosa.
92,000.
And those pictures showed up for college just.
Yeah.
But Nick Saving, the idiot.
Nick Saving.
They showed up for 50,000 people.
So they cracked the stadium for it.
Cormig.
I mean, the only thing worse than that.
What?
You're calling me to tell me about it.
Trouble nine and a pull.
And good bacon, man.
Can I give you a little hint about this or anything else that you want.
I'm going to put a crisp in the microwave.
Okay.
See, I nuke this for about two and a half minutes.
It's microwave-able bacon.
Put on my paper towel.
I nuke it for two and a half minutes.
And then, because I was sitting in here, I had to start that next bit.
I wait about another minute.
Because, stuck in the microwave, even though you don't realize this, it's still cooking.
Right.
Am I right about that or am I just making it?
I think, well, it's coasting a little bit.
Yeah, I think.
It's why?
Coasting.
Coasting.
Coasting.
Toasting.
Toasting.
It's toasty.
It's nice and crispy.
Mmm.
Just a way of liking it.
Not greasy, because what I do is I take another piece of paper towel.
When it's done, and I absorb all the, I'm mad at up.
You know what I mean by that?
Yes.
And I smear up all the fat in the oil and the grease and all that.
And I get that off of there and then I have a nice crisp, you know,
with all that fat and the schmutz on it.
Who wants bacon, which schmutz on it?
All elements of American power are military economy.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, McCain.
Get lost.
You're a crazy person.
Anybody with a brain larger than their thumbnail knows you're a crazy person, John.
Go away.
Go back to Arizona with a banjo on you, you need.
Go back being a professional POW.
Okay, for another 20 years, till you croak.
Get out of our face.
Oh, that was disrespectful to Senator McCain.
Good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Yes.
Yes.
I didn't know my policy, Shazam, when he used to be with Rock Hudson.
I bet he did.
He also said go away.
Yeah, I bet he did.
A lot.
I mean, you talk about unlike the combinations.
That's like Marlon Brando and Wally Cox, so it would have ever believed that one.
True story, though.
Mr. Peepers.
Now, he commits suicide or something, Mr. Peepers, he just died.
I think he committed sausages.
I already know who that is.
Wally Cox, Mr. Peepers, you ever saw that show?
Little ugly guy with glasses looks like Robert Creeper.
Mr. Peepers?
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
If I saw him.
Now, if you saw him, you wouldn't be right now.
He'll smell through it now.
Anyway, that's an unlikely pairing.
Jim Neighbors and Rock Hudson.
Next thing, you know, you'll be talking about Raymond Burberry.
Yeah.
And then, Moel calling.
Right there.
He was definitely not gay.
He was a very macho man.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Yeah, macho, my ass.
Go pick some dingal buries, Moel.
We love that very.
The biggest name of the best talent.
And your official home for Miami Dolphins.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
He's got a basketball away.
He disputes some cash in to the M-Solks.
4th radio.
560.
Q-A-M.
I love that.
I love that.
I love that.
That's right.
There's a fancy nightclub.
She leads her overcoat there.
She calls to get the jacket back inside Paris's pockets.
Something that calls a pocket rocket.
Paris, how often do you use your pocket rocket rocket?
A lot.
Uh-huh.
I just think it's important that I make people.
You know what's the thing I've been doing for years?
So sick.
Since you were six?
I love it.
You have any other sexual devices?
Two little kittens and two cats and two little kittens.
From 30, I'm just finishing up the big and better wash it down.
And you know what I'm washing it down with?
I don't know.
Be it?
No.
Yeah, that would be good.
Fresca.
Ah.
That's a little fruity.
Got a little fruity taste to it.
A little bit.
Don't have a lot of sion, it though.
Dominique, who I am.
Hello.
That's your device.
Hello.
Hello.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing.
I'm just finishing up the big and better wash it down.
And I'm all over the wall.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Stupid.
Hey, stupid.
I don't know.
You're.
Yeah.
Dominique, who I am.
Hello.
Hey.
Oh, stupid is.
Stupid.
It does.
Come on.
You can do it.
Let's get a segment here.
OK, on this phone because I know that certain people in the building love the phone.
Maybe they love your calls.
Man, we don't.
We hate them like poison.
And when I say we,
I'm talking about Chris, and George, and me, and Josh and anybody with an IQ larger than the thumbnail.
But nevertheless,
a lot of small IQs out there.
Or maybe just a lot of big thumbnails.
Trump's running on the pool.
Even George, who's a skeptic, even he had met, we got the 13-hundred licked.
We got a licked?
What?
W-W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
What's going on?
A nail.
Yes.
What's happening?
What do you got?
What's up with your signal?
Not bad again, is it?
It sucks.
Well, that's nothing new.
We know that.
Hey, have you noticed that a lot of the, like, Montreal Willis and a lot of the pictures
are wearing?
Not interested in pictures, not interested in catchers, not interested in baseball.
Don't care about sports on this show, okay?
You know that, I know that.
So take your negativity, similar.
Take it across the street over there, okay?
Talk to the kid that don't get any shoulder run off two minutes since I'm in Scotland's
ass fired.
Take it over there.
Take it out of town.
Take it and put it on a greyhound bus.
And make everybody else happy.
In fact, you get on the bus with it.
How's that?
W-W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
I have a small pen jig.
It's very hard.
W-W-A-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Um, I was wondering, have you read any good books lately?
No.
Did you know any good documentaries?
No.
Uh, we should always check out the corporation if they ever get in the time.
No chance.
Oh, bye.
Have I read any good books lately?
Oh!
Oh!
I'd rather go back and read about the, uh, the Poison Dairy's or whatever it was all
about.
You're a crazy person, sir.
You read any good books lately?
I don't read books.
I see my eyesight for looking and oogling at real hot-looking people.
That's what I- that's what he's my eyesight for.
I go down here in the mall and I go, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
like that.
That's right.
I start reading real heavy and getting emotional.
That's right.
Like I was gonna- like I was gonna get a gigantic vat of heavenly hash and take a bath
in it.
Check, ass.
Nobody Q-A-M, hello.
Get up, man.
Boy, that- that might catch the last one too before that.
That would be bad.
Cause I wanna make sure they get to you, um, and you're reading good books lately.
I wanna make sure they get that.
I'm choking on the bacon, by the way.
Yeah.
And you're the one that talked me into it.
Oh, good.
Good for you.
Look at that.
One, two, three, four, man.
One, two, three, four, that's what we got on the pole.
234.
How often you see that?
Once in a blue moon.
Nobody Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Good.
Hello, I'm gonna go, you all were talking about a Shazam 30 Morning Cartoon?
Yes.
You can go to YouTube and punch up and you can see the Shazam intro.
Really?
Yeah.
You can see just about anything on there, can't you?
Yeah, yeah.
I've looked at all my old Saturday Morning Cartoon, having flashbacks.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Just push Shazam Intro.
Okay.
And that's who the intro.
All right, now take it easy.
Thanks, Pally.
Shazam, Shazam.
And I'm talking about rock Hudson and Jim Neighbors because all those rumors-
Yeah, they got Mary and they were doing this-
Yeah.
And Hanky Spanky and Spanky the Hanky-A.
All that other stuff.
What's it to you?
Why would anybody care, you know?
Why would anybody care about that?
That's what I just don't understand that.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Okay, I'll go back out.
Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes sir.
Do you think the Detroit Red Jackets are gonna beat the Buffalo Bruins?
Yeah, I wouldn't surprise me.
And the Toronto Make Believes too, yeah.
Make Believes Mike go all the way.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Wally, N-A-C is my boyfriend and I pull-
Oh, that must be Dan Capello on the phone.
Open up the rail there, Wally.
Dan, he's coming through.
Don't stare at the harness racing stuff.
Okay, that's bad.
Wally's a good guy.
He likes this show.
He likes me.
He used to come to Hanky games.
How's it going?
He's a typical Kannauk, you know.
And then he always wonders why Riff Monier.
Because I drop a lot of tickets, Ben, on you.
Wally, you're a good guy.
And, you know, once in a while you win a race.
But then again, every dog has its day.
You know what they say?
We're good, John McCain.
Can we work just for you?
Yeah, no thanks.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
We're going to Kipon, Kipon.
Kipon.
WQ-A-M, hello.
Neil, thank God it's Wednesday, last day of school, F-I-U.
Is it?
I'm gonna get to listen to you every day and not go to class
for like a week until summer school is like, right?
Excellent.
Boy, your life has been enriched now, man.
Hey, you know what?
You know that the admissions office at F-I-U
goes around the whole day doing your sound bites
if you're showing stuff?
Really?
Yeah, it sounds like the Neil Rogers show
I like from three to four or something.
Excellent.
Well, that goes to show.
It's an institution of higher learning.
I knew that.
And there's some very bright people that are graduated from F-I-U.
It's an institution of higher yearning, baby.
Mostly perverts, which is what I like the best.
1237.
Now, you tell me that professor or Jack Kirchner has did?
You told me that?
Yes, yes.
Yes.
I don't think so.
He's the aisle professor.
He was the Italian loves, right?
He died in that shrewdy bottle of water
that our friend's self-helpers.
Now, you're gonna be telling me that self-help
occurs there, too, that never been.
No.
We know that here you should have.
I know.
No.
It'll professory.
He was a good guy.
And he loved one.
I'd open up the vet there, the back of the vet,
and give him the cases of that bottle of water.
He loved that.
I still paint him a lot of money to do a teach us to tell you how.
And I know my three words now.
Oh, no, do I trade?
Quakto or Chinque?
And that's about it.
I know a couple of words.
You know something?
If I weren't diabetic, that's where I'd be right now.
In Rome.
Talk about ice cream.
Forget about ice cream.
Gelato.
Gelato, misto.
And of course all the pizzas and pasta.
Oh, man.
Next time you go to Rome, George, be sure,
and I'll give you where the places where to go.
Okay.
WDQAM, hello.
Hi, Ryan!
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Err.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Nail?
Yes.
Potato, potato, Google.
Don't be knocking potato, Google.
You don't even know what that word is.
Have you ever had potato, Google?
Me?
Yeah.
I can't say that I have.
I wasn't knocking it either.
I was knocking it.
I was knocking it.
And when it's nice and crispy, when it's good,
it's like a little bit too much.
I like potatoes as you know.
You could take it, even, but I'll take them.
Well, trust me when I try to, potato,
Google, I try.
You know, in German,
Google is cone.
As in ice cream cone.
I'll see there already.
You're already ice creaming.
Why do you keep doing that to me?
Why are you dead?
WDQAM, hello.
I'm Russian, and rock can I take your order, please?
WDQAM, hello.
Yes.
That's really me.
WDQAM, hello.
How's it going?
Okay.
Yes.
Yes.
I was wondering, do you guys give away any type of tickets or products?
We don't give away anything.
Okay, we give away three information.
Five of tickets.
No parking tickets.
We give away nothing.
Yeah, we give you a ticket for a bad call.
Take it up your ass if you bend over.
Take it up his ass.
Break them.
Wow.
Don't stand up.
It might fall out of pali.
Do we give away any tickets?
No, we don't give away any tickets.
Back in the day, we used to give away tickets and all these free loaders who never ever would call a show.
Idiots like you, sir, would call,
oh, can we have the free tickets?
Can we have like the free ticket lady for Kranowla,
which I'm not going to play the whole thing, but just, uh, there she is.
W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Ticket Central.
Hello, Kranowla.
Have the ticket, please.
See, there you go.
She didn't even know what the tickets we were giving away.
Okay, just some old bag.
And I'm sure she's dead by now because that was W-I-O-D.
Boy, that was a long time ago.
Let's reminisce about W-I-O-D.
Not.
Wait, we hit our moments.
I can't remember what that lay were.
Do you remember any good ones other than the food?
I'll tell you one thing, man.
We sure had the food coming in.
Oh, yeah.
That was dangerous.
Chris would be dead by now.
That is correct.
Even if I was down there right now, see,
because I know how to do that much better than you guys.
Much better.
Oh, I know.
Remember the one time I was down there a couple of years ago,
and we got all the stuff from Corkeys,
we got the potato pancakes,
and we got a lot of other, uh...
Well, well, in the brisket, the task of the Tisket,
let me have some brisket.
I like it.
Or, just give a task of it, let me check out your basket
for Raj, but anyway.
It's just a Maraj.
Oh, look at the crowd.
It's going nice.
McCain just said, Ruga-Buga.
Ruga-Buga, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
whatever he said, then they're all going,
ahhhh, and a bye-bye, John here.
He's almost as good as Ross Piro, you know?
Not as goofy looking, but almost with that big,
puffy cheek of his, you know?
From 144 votes of a poll, 13 is in.
The kids are going to Congress, he's tested five.
W made me fire, those eight girls now will lose them.
I got to one of my clerks.
His heart is one of that boys.
His heart is one of that boys.
I'm so screwed, I'm so screwed.
I'm so screwed, I'm so screwed.
I wonder if I can still get on with the city in Tokyo, Walmart?
Why look good in order to live, Blue West?
From 45, all the Yehoo's all the time.
Maybe that's America for you, bunch of...
What do we bring now?
I always pick and raid next, that's America, and the congratulations to you.
Oh look at that center of the mechanic, I'm a Larry King live, then I'd...
Wow, is that an exclusive?
That should put a feather in Larry's ass in his bag.
From 149 votes on the poll, I bet you we got over 1250.
I'm clicking at View Current thing one more time.
View Currents, and there's that thing that you emailed me.
That picture of Currents.
Yeah, that's the...
Well, I clicked View Currents, and that's what it said.
1250 votes.
There's John McCain and his wife.
What do you think of her?
His blonde wife.
What about her?
I don't know, what do you think?
I'll let you change the channel, man.
I'm on the breasts there.
Ah, he's not doing so bad for an old fart.
For an old fart, he and doing too bad.
Probably and doing anything now that he's in it.
Let's take a look at the face, okay?
He, no, wait, I just...
Oh, God.
Change your mind, just...
Yeah, she just wants to change your part.
Oh my God, I don't think that's a real face.
What are you looking at?
What channel?
Her, I'm on CNN.
She's wearing a pink dress.
Yeah, I think that's a...
She's got something very, very wrong with her nose and forehead.
I think it was a surgery going wrong or a horrible accident.
Well, see, her nose is where his...
Look, she used to be.
Oh, is that it?
Look, a bit of a little graft on the wrap.
Maybe she donated some bone materials from her face.
Because graft is his middle name.
A three-drogred combination used for lethal injections in Florida
and 36 other states does not reliably execute inmates
and may leave them feeling pain as they die.
University of Miami Medical School research has found
in the study released this week.
A little bit of pain.
Lithial injection protocols are not adequate to ensure a predictable,
painless death the research has wrote in a journal public library
of science to medicine.
I wonder if they assured a public death
when the people that they killed died, do you think so?
I doubt it.
In other words, were they killed lightly or not, unlikely?
In fact, inmates put to death by lethal injection
may get less anesthetic pound for pound
to knock them on couches and dead in pain
than do animals euthanizing live experiments
to study includes.
How do we know that animals euthanized in live experiments
or euthanized when we put them to sleep?
How do we know that they get enough, you know what I'm saying?
Like tiny.
Maybe they just threw his ass right in the fire.
There you go, tiny.
Bye-bye.
How do we know that?
I don't know.
Because we're not there to hear the screams as they're getting fried.
We absolutely pay more attention now.
We kill animals than humans said,
co-author Teresa Zimmer's
and assistant research professor of surgery.
Well, that potato girl sounded really good,
especially overcooked just a little bit,
so it's nice and crispy and brown on the outside.
Mmm.
Wow.
The study comes as Florida reexamines
its lethal injection methods
after the boxed execution of convicted murderer angel Diaz
in December.
Diaz looked for 34 minutes and needed two doses of fatal drugs
because the technicians have inserted the intravenous tube.
Missed his vein.
Oh, God.
Now you can be playing Carly Simon and you're so vain right now.
They're being...
Coming right out of taste.
They missed the vein.
It's like when you go to get blood drawn in some of these
texts, you know, some of these faddled bitches,
and they're like, oh, they're poking around and maybe they got the vein
and maybe not.
Maybe this stab you're right in the middle of the arm.
Bitch.
You can always tell when you deal with the sadist you know
when they have drawn blood.
Some of them do a really professional wonderful job
and some of them are trying to inflict as much pain as they can.
I can't hear it.
It's up all the way.
It's all I got.
Well, that's good.
I don't want to step on your own starts.
You walked in to the party.
A special commit.
Can you believe that she was married to that annoying once his name?
James Taylor.
James Taylor.
Oh, here's the new pool.
The public in junior Annie 32, McKinneye 19, Fred Thompson 10,
Romney 9, Gingrich 8.
That just came in the pool.
The public in choice for the nominee.
I'm a julienny 32, McKinneye 19.
He hasn't got a chatroom in Chanson purgatory.
Maybe I'll tell you that right now.
It would add bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
They're going to hang that around his neck like an albatross.
A special commission told Governor Charlie.
Get ill, God.
No, Charlie.
Yeah, Chris last month that the station rethink the drugs,
dosages and trade training it uses.
Chris staffed and responded questions for comment about the new study.
That's Miss Chris to you.
Florida injection mates with sodium pentathol to anesthetize them.
What I just say, anesthetize.
I just had that bacon, you know, makes you have like a big tongue.
It's like when you chew ice.
Have you ever chewed ice and tried to talk?
Yeah.
Fomored by the muscle paralyzer, pancoronium bromide.
Oh, pancoronium bromide.
Oh!
To stop breathing.
Then potential chloride just out the heart.
Boy, lot of drugs.
The dosage of each drug is supposed to be large enough to kill inmates alone.
But to study 49 executions in North Carolina, California found that a few inmates lived 18 minutes of morning at extra drugs.
All more drugs, please.
Also the dose of anesthetic per pound, but sometimes only half the amount given to kill dogs, pigs and other animals and medical experiments.
Well, that's not nice.
Florida and the other states employed the same drugs used in the first lethal injection in 1977.
Oklahoma chose the drugs based on the opinion of the state's medical examiner who later changed his mind.
It changed his mind.
It's like that thing I talk about just sight and commit suicide by jumping off a balcony on a high floor and you get about halfway down.
Oh, I think I changed my mind.
Sorry.
No chance.
Death penalty opponents said the new study backs their cause to scrap lethal injections, saying the results show a possibility for cruel and unusual punishment.
No one knows what these drugs do.
There's been virtually no scientific review of medical evidence.
On the lethal injection process said Mark Elliott, president of Floridians for alternatives to the death penalty.
But that penalty advocates can, advocates, contend the result spring from flawed data.
The drug's clearly killing render inmates unconscious.
Even if the process takes a few minutes longer than expected said Michael Rushford, president of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation in Sacramento.
What a wonderful city that is, by the way, ever been there?
You like it.
Okay, no, and okay.
I don't think the public worries too much about Jeffrey Dahmer, feeling a little sting said, Rushford.
First of all, Jeffrey Dahmer didn't get executed. He got killed in the slamer.
So what is this Jackass talking about?
He favors abandoning lethal injections and switching to carbon monoxide gas.
Just put it in the garage and, you know, take a long, stick it on the, get on the, uh, rear on these thing.
On the exhaust.
No, Jeffrey Dahmer was killed in jail.
Right.
So what is he talking about if he feels like an extra little sting?
Yes, sting this you Jackass.
Another one of these murderers, you know, let's kill a bunch of people, which is very American.
I'm sure everybody agrees with him.
Let's kill a bunch of people.
In fact, like that show guy, if they would have just said, hey, here's a crazy person.
Let's kill him, you know, that would have been saved 32 lives.
Because he won't have died anyway.
Anything that's a good idea?
Sounds great.
Well, let's pass a bill.
Let's find somebody with a ball to do that.
Got crazy people and just, uh, kill him.
Ball, all the much better for the best of us.
1258 votes on a pool.
Let's take a puket house going.
Don't forget we got the boys out there.
The boys this summer, maybe the sports guys, mad dog and the Humper.
I wonder who's eating the most food out in that joint.
They're out of dolphin camp.
Now, let me ask you, Chris, do you, uh, have you been out there?
In the last week, no.
No, I don't mean the last week.
I mean, ever.
Yeah, I've been out there.
You know, it's not all whipped up about it.
Um, going there for press conferences during the next day of an era wasn't anything wonderful.
So, what is there, like, free food for the press and stuff or just, uh, nothing?
I think on Wednesdays, they would order pizza.
Otherwise, it was like, you know, they had like a phrase with water and maybe soda, isn't it?
Water and soda and an animal bag, a blueberry animal?
I don't know about that.
How about an assi animal?
That sounds really, wow.
Can you imagine what kind of that could do to your kishis?
Really, really do an inter-cleansing.
You know, these guys that are into these high colonics, man.
Ah, yeah.
And the young guys in that whole deal.
Uh-huh.
I don't know what that's all about.
Has something new with...
And breakfast.
Something, all that.
It depends on what you do, I think.
I'm mad.
What if they use their ears and cream?
Don't use the cream!
Don't use the cream!
Don't use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Try not to use the cream!
Did I tell you how much my tax refund check was, right?
Correct.
And if you think I lost even like 10% of that,
you think I'm mad and that much of a crazy person,
I might be, but I don't stick around that long.
When things ain't going well, I run for the dough.
And I say, no more.
I lost my tax refund.
I lost 50 million dollars there last week.
Whatever Chris wants to make up, okay?
Okay.
1261 votes.
What drew you to South Florida?
Sure wasn't Chris, I'll think of that.
I was born here, that's my excuse, 335.
Oh, it just went another chunk, I think.
I don't know.
Worker business, 192.
I don't live there, thank Neil God, 164.
I should have reached over and gone,
Thank Neil God!
And I'm too lazy to do that.
I just had that extra bacon.
Now bacon actually isn't really bad for it, I don't think.
Other than the nitrates and the nitrites,
all the cancer causing stuff.
Other than that, the weather drew them there, 151.
Certainly not the people, 108.
Not the people.
My parents dragged me here, 81.
Remember how that wasn't even on there?
And one of our various Stu WB, the whoever he is.
Facts that in.
Thank you WB, you're okay in our book.
You know Varaj, but then again.
I escaped from Cuba Haiti, et cetera, 57.
Marriage 51 of vacation 28.
Commitment to a mental institution, 22.
Like most of our callers ought to be,
it's going to start getting pretty crowded in there.
The beach is 18, but people 16.
A lost bed 14, a prison sentence 14.
The nightlife 5, the wildlife 4, and a conventional trade show,
still at one poor slipper, who's still stuck there.
He's like Charlie on the MTA.
I didn't even once upon a time,
the Kingston Trail did you ever find that or I'd go,
yeah, I found it.
You weren't great.
He did find that.
Charlie and the MTA, and for those of us who lived in Boston 100 years,
you know what that's all about.
This leader has won the Tasha and I know,
long to have to look for a motion squarer.
Instead, we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one
and the do-aller.
El-go-er, if you have never heard of a machine.
Four years ago, you gave me your nominations to be vice-president.
This is some crap.
I've been watching you around that.
Macarena on television.
And if I could have your silence,
I would like to demonstrate to you,
the Al Gore virtue of the macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Would you like to see it again?
Pingo-mucha, come now, show!
When your alarm goes off in the morning, macarena.
When one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit, macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
Macarena.
What I say is he got a personality or what, huh?
A lot.
102 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Uh-oh, one trooper shot this morning in New York has died.
You see that thing they're looking for the gunman?
More marshaledons.
More crazy people with guns.
1280 votes on the pool.
Let's get a whole slew of calls into this.
I got my shirt on.
I got my pantalooies on.
It's with my Wednesday.
I'm going to go there and win my ass this afternoon.
Whatever that means.
You know what that means when you're asked?
You've heard of lose your ass.
So why can't you win your eyes?
Suppose it ever thought about it.
Yeah.
Or when somebody else is asked.
W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Uh, Neil, wondering now since the station's got the dolphins back, can you still play your dolphin song?
Oh, no.
And they do they can that.
Why not?
Well, just wondering, Neil, because basically, uh, you know, we're trying to listen to it in the stalls in Westland Mall.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's where you spend all your time, schmuck.
560560.
So pathetic, baby.
Another one of your people, man.
Get back on a banana boat and get lost.
Take a hike.
Go paddle as fast as you can.
Okay.
Do us a big service.
Do in the limbo rock under the tea room stalls there on Westland.
You're fair, man.
You're fair, man.
W.A.M. Hello.
W.A.M. Hello.
You're going to be going to Canada.
Oh, where has it been?
Where has it been right now?
We have 1280 already.
We only need 20 more cars to 1300.
I think Chris is probably slumped back in a chair.
He slumped forward, actually.
But then again, what's new about that?
He's probably leaning over on the board.
He's pulling his slumped weight further forward than he is right now.
560560.
Pound 560 and a Verizon.
Sing it a wireless line.
Let's have an hour that they'll remember forever.
Okay.
Put it in the record books.
What do you think?
Any chance?
No.
Yeah.
What do you make in the sounds like that about?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That was a burp.
Yeah.
Such a skeptic, man.
You'll see.
There'll be a call this hour.
Maybe not a real one.
But there'll be a call.
WQA.M. Hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
Why does a guy hate Muslims?
Ask him.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
You know what I meant?
Rick and Todd, Ron and Ron.
And soon when you're gone, I'll be missing you.
Yeah.
So, yeah, that's what you think.
WQA.M. Hello.
Thank God.
That guy's going to be in the ground long before I'm gone.
I just signed another 40-year extension, okay, Schmuck?
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, tell us about Brady Quinn, Neil.
What about you?
Tell us about Brady Quinn.
He's a guy, yeah.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Is the Surrey station?
What station are you calling, sir?
WQA.M.
That's the one.
Okay.
Do you think you could check the antenna or the computer?
Because I lost the signal.
You lost the signal, huh?
I thought it was.
I thought it was.
So, if you lost your mom's.
I just lost my signal right now.
Yeah, you lost your signal.
Let me ask you.
How's Joe Feinberg doing?
You sitting on Joe's lap now or what?
Who?
Yeah, Daddy.
How's your sugar daddy doing?
5670560.
You know, what kind of a signal we put in out today?
We're really putting out a bad signal.
The energy system.
Hello, John.
How did you get it right out?
What do you mean, try to find out?
If somebody was listening, they would tell us that what you're saying.
Oh, we can try and tune it in someplace or something like that.
Tune it in someplace like in the building.
Are you a crazy person or what?
Try to tune it in.
I know.
Of course.
Let me try to tune it in.
Let me go in and live in my radio and tune in to see if it's coming in.
I'll sit here and tune a fish.
I'll do it.
WQA.M.
Hello.
Let's go, Panthers.
WQA.M.
Hello.
Oh, he got me going.
Are they going to have 12 hours of draft coverage this weekend?
50.
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
Can you hear me?
WQA.M.
Hello.
Hi.
The s'mires had an interview with Brady.
Yeah, okay.
I'm glad to hear it.
Okay.
And why don't you try a different voice beside that foamy red necky one, you know?
You are so bad, man.
So bad.
Not just annoying, but bad annoying.
There's good annoying and then there's bad annoying and you're bad.
WQA.M.
Hello.
Are they close?
Yes.
Yeah, you were talking about John McCain's wife?
Yeah.
Yeah, she went to Baghdad and had her facial surgery, but everyone knew everything was cool
over there.
Nice thing.
Didn't help.
In fact, it looks like she ought to have a bag dead over the head.
5670560.
Police have found nothing to link to on the 32 victims.
You just are a crazy guy.
I'm a little with guns.
Lots of them, baby.
And that's the name of that tune.
WQA.M.
Hello.
Neil, you don't have to worry about me.
I'm not sure if it's really cool.
I'm going to hear it.
Okay, good.
WQA.M.
Hello.
QA.M.
Yeah.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I'm in legwork.
You're coming in wall to wall, okay?
No problems.
Go, go Dennis Kassinich.
Get these bulldoze.
Get them out of here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Get them out of here.
Okay.
There's a guy from Lake Worth.
He's here in his loud and queer.
Okay.
So all you people want to stir up the pot again.
I don't really care.
I don't care if they can't hear his next door at KFC.
You know, across the street with those old people in that building.
You know, I don't really care.
Do you?
What?
Exactly.
I'm keeping it back.
That's what I'm trying to tell you.
I'm not expressing myself really well.
What's it got to do with berries and cream?
That's right.
What's it got to do with a sigh and with...
I, Papa Wampalu...
That crap.
WDQA M, hello.
Al Shopton is monitoring this radio show.
Good.
Good.
WDQA M, hello.
Oh, no.
Oh, that was verage, my friend.
WDQA M, hello.
Hey, where?
WDQA M, hello.
Hey, I want to be a people.
WDQA M, hello.
I am with...
All right, Papa Wampalu.
Oh, what did I tell you?
So you didn't believe me, did you?
No, and I still don't.
WDQA M, hello.
No, I don't.
Good.
I don't know how you deal with it.
I'm out here.
I work with...
How I deal with one.
With the colors and the nonsense.
When you're talking about topics that people really need to hear about.
I work with Dave Pekop, one of the frequent colors to your show.
I'm so sorry, yeah.
Exactly.
I just don't know how you deal with it.
We're out here dealing with these people.
But for you to pick a call-up or call-up or call is unbelievable.
Oh, let me ask you this.
Do you think it affects my paycheck?
No, not at all.
That's all I could.
I'm glad they tell you to keep you up.
But I'm just glad you're there.
I like listening to you.
You always got the right word.
Appreciate it.
Don't get it wrong.
Okay.
See ya.
See, I'd rather hear...
You know, I mean, he was okay, but too much of a little...
...kissy-kissy, you know what I mean?
Not through all a little kissy-kissy.
Sometimes too much kissy-kissy is a little...
...trop 91 on the pool.
We're going to get to 13, 1292.
You see that?
And then I can sit back in the chair.
I got my pants on and my shirt.
And I think during this next break, even my shoes.
Rosie's time to go.
Look at that.
Leaving the view.
This is news in America.
Okay?
This is news.
People are blowing each other away on...
...un...
...un...
...believeable.
Like I said...
...like crazy.
They're dropping like flies.
We got a bunch of Nazis running in the government.
Corruption is rampant.
And they're worried about Rose time to go.
I'm seeing it.
And they got a bunch of shrieking banshee broads on here.
Oh, there's Brook Anderson.
The entertainment correspondent.
Marginal at best.
And there's Rosie.
Submarginal at worst.
For contracts when it expires in June.
And she really downplayed the news, Suzanne.
She's a second-light.
Suzanne.
Oh, it's Suzanne Malvo.
Do you know anybody else whose name is Suzanne?
I've heard of Suzanne.
Right.
No, I don't remember Suzanne.
What was that song by Terry Gokson?
It wasn't... it was Mary Ann.
Sorry.
Remember that?
Terry Gokson and the easy writers on Columbia Records, 1958?
But nevertheless.
No.
What a memory I got for crap, you know what?
In fact, I would say my memory is...
...for crap.
There was supposed to be worried about...
...how it came down to contract issues.
Not because she's a hateful nasty cell...
...and everybody hates her like poison.
Including all the other broads on that show.
Now, what are they going to do with Star Jones?
I guess they couldn't fit the toilet together.
They got rid of her a long time ago.
I know, that's what I'm saying.
Maybe they'll have to bring her fat ass back...
...to fill up those three chairs.
1294 on a pool.
By the time we come back from this very important break...
...we're going to have over 1,300 votes.
And then...
...then Joel behead his head in his hand.
The Florida even loves Neil Rogers.
I thought Christie and the T was fairy tale.
This religion thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
They let me in for a break.
Or for a break.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That they'd be a believer.
That they'd be a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believing.
My tongue is weaving from side to side.
What a bad word.
What a bad word.
What a bad word.
What a bad word.
What a bad word.
What a bad word.
The Lord will now embrace me.
Or I'd fat my tongue to the beat.
Or for now, whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
But that makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing around with my mouth.
Yeah, I speak in tongues.
And I'm having fun.
Making sounds with your mouth, baby.
That's what life is all about.
Making sounds with your mouth.
Sorry, Joyce.
117 at 560 WQM.
Let's get a zing and calls in this hour.
What do you say?
We're on a really small role.
Really a bit of a role.
We got a jelly roll.
Breakfast roll.
I like those ice cream cake rolls though.
Caramel.
Cookie balls.
Caramel sucks.
Let's face it.
I think I had one of their ice cream cakes 100 years ago.
At a party when I was a little kid.
It feels strange.
Hard as a rock.
There you go.
Hard as a rock.
1309 by the way, Chris on the pool.
I bet you're like jumping up and down for joy.
You can use the exercise too.
Let me take a look today.
Oh, you never got threatened today.
We'll save that for tomorrow.
All right, cool.
We don't get 2,000 votes tomorrow.
Chris gets the gas.
And George is going to bend over and give it to him.
I think not from George.
The gas that is.
56670560.
0560.
The Verizon singular wireless line.
What are we going to do about Rosie leaving the view?
That's of course what everybody's going to be talking about.
The water cooler.
Not.
Nobody cares.
John McCain made it official.
Was there any doubt he was going to run?
No.
What's the big deal?
The belong on the news?
No.
See a news to me means like something we didn't know.
That's it.
That's new.
New information.
Right.
As opposed to OLS.
WQAM.
Hello.
WQAM.
Hello.
Wireless loss.
Who I am.
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Kenny M. Bo is the worst radio I've ever...
The worst I've ever heard.
Yeah.
As our friend Larry Kewan said.
And I'd rather listen to David Gold on acid.
There is a little promotional material for our morning show.
It's going anyway.
I'm sure that.
I've got a lot of money on that.
I mean nobody's that crazy.
You can leave that on.
566705.
That's where they had the audio on us more.
Like I said, last nails in the coffin.
Close the door.
Close the lights.
What's the next thing that goes down Meredith?
See I can't even sing it no more.
Turn out to like...
Like...
Turn out to lights to parties over.
Well something like that.
Now you don't remember 90, dandy, down Meredith.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't remember saying him, but I've seen, you know, old footage of him on that.
How he overrated.
Coach tell me that whole thing.
Frank Gifford was a dullard.
Okay.
He was like a dullard.
Play by play my ass.
You know.
He was just a goofball.
Coach tell me the whole thing.
In fact, when Dave Johnson calls in a week from Friday George.
Be sure we talk a lot about Howard Coastill.
He'll hang out.
He always loves that.
Oh, he hates him.
WDQYM, hello.
Okay.
Even in death he hates him.
QAM, hello.
My name is Joe.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Well, good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yeah, I was listening yesterday and it...
Towards the last half hour of your program.
You were reading that article concerning the...
I think it was the Christian military or whatever.
I looked at your website yesterday and this morning and I...
I don't see it on there.
Is it posted there?
The stir about black water?
Mm-hmm.
I'm positive it's on there somewhere.
Okay.
Well, I'll look at it.
Just look up.
I think it was on the nation website, I believe.
On the wet website?
The nation.
Very good.
I'll look at it.
Okay.
T-H-E-N-A-T-I-O-N-L-M-S-H-E-K-O.
Lucky Strike means fine tobacco.
L-S-M-F-T.
WDQ-A-M-H-L-O.
J-M-N-A-T!
Puts.
5-6-7-0-5-60,
pound-5-60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQ-A-M-H-L-O.
How many are there?
That's made.
You got it.
You got it, Pally.
I'll read the arch.
WDQ-A-M-H-L-O.
Rocky Road, my space, ice cream,
Serbian stallion.
It sounds like jealousy to me, baby.
It sounds like real jealousy to me.
Where is that Serbian stallion, by the way?
Hmm.
I give up ice cream for that.
WDQ-A-M-H-L-O.
Hey, what's going on, you?
Yes, sir.
I wanted to perhaps you caught the tonight's your last night at Bill Maher.
I don't like tonight's, sir, under a penalty of death.
What do you think about Bill Maher?
Hate him.
His name isn't Bill Maher,
either it's Bill Maher, but nevertheless.
Okay, I stand corrected.
I just had a, just the one point he brought up that I think bears some listening.
He talked about the Virginia Tech thing, and he said a victim is somebody that's involuntarily placed into a harm's way.
And a hero is voluntarily placed into harm's way.
And why are all the troops in Iraq aren't given the same claim that these victims are from Virginia Tech?
Well, that's pretty profound, sir, only everybody else in the world, including you, is truly as talked about that.
But nevertheless.
But it would be put a boof about that.
Their human sacrifices is what they are.
And I don't need Bill Maher, some little twerp on the J-Linow show, to tell me all about that.
He's a professional media whore.
He hasn't got a damn thing original to say.
Everybody in their brother knows that.
And I don't want any more quotes from Bill Maher on this show.
I don't want a Maher than he arrived at his show with any more swill from Bill Maher.
Or Maher, as this guy says.
Maher.
I know what's his name?
Bob Maher.
Is he still sitting on phone books on weekends or they fire his ass finally?
I haven't seen him in a while, but I can't afford Bob Maher.
I don't watch as much as I used to.
He was, I guess, the last survivor.
You know, after they screwed over Bob Weaver and then he died.
See, that's what happens in this business.
They screw you over.
They discard you like yesterday's rubbish.
And then you croak in early death.
And that's what happened to our good friend Bob Weaver.
What a great guy.
And now Bob Maher there, if you tell me.
And what was that thing from what's your name speaking of fat on channel six?
Kelly Craig.
What about her?
Orson Walsh?
No, she loves me.
Don't you remember that KJ's wife sent me a thing about that?
My face place?
We love her too.
So, loose away, Kelly.
Yeah, we love you too, Kelly.
We'd like to have you stay alive.
So at least get under 300 this month and then we'll work on 250 next.
I mean, I don't know.
I haven't seen her in a long time.
And who the hell am I to talk about people being fat?
Like Rosie, you know?
I'll talk about whatever the hell I want to talk about.
How do you like that?
So put it in your piece pipe and smoke it.
Smoke it.
Smoke this.
Okay, let's take a look at that poll now.
1313 votes on a poll.
What drew you to South Florida?
Oh, now somebody else, also, that person who claims to be, you know, Miami with a palm tree,
who has given me a lecture about Keith Orman of the day, and just apologized.
And, you know, because I didn't know about the Barack Obama comments.
Because this person was also on vacation.
Well, I was on vacation probably stalking me and hands today or something like that.
But, you know, rather than just have a palm tree on there,
wouldn't it be nice to make up a phony profile or at least put some kind of a stupid name on there
as opposed to having a profile of Miami with a palm tree?
Here's a message from Miami, you know?
But anyway, they said because I escaped from New York.
It would be a good choice on there, huh?
You think that's good?
Sure, what about you?
Escape from New York.
We've got tossed out of New York.
There's some people like that who I can think of.
What do you think I thought I was born here?
That's my excuse to have it 48.
Work or business 202?
I don't live there.
Thank God.
Thank God.
Oh God!
168.
The weather 155.
Certainly not the people 110.
Not.
My parents dragged me here 93.
I escaped from Cuba, Haiti, etc. 60.
Marriage 51.
Vacation 29.
Commitment to a mental institution 23.
The beach is 18.
The people 16.
Not the people 110.
The people 16.
Anybody who says they came to South Florida for the people's, uh, those 16 probably went for
a bitter disappointment when you think, oh gee, I guess I made a mistake.
Oop.
A lost bed 15, a prison sentence 14.
The nightlife 5, and I'm still looking for it.
The wildlife 4, and a conventional trade show now up to 2.
Maybe that guy found a boyfriend.
We're up to a pair.
Convention or trade show?
1317.
How much have we could have made 14 if Chris and I would have really put the penalty
middle, but you know, not on a Wednesday, not in the middle of the week, you know?
Too much pressure.
I don't want no pressure.
I've got enough pressure coming this afternoon, punching in my sheen's mind.
Searching for a good machine.
Oh God.
Nothing like a queen looking for a good machine.
This is G Gordon Liddy, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
This is a brand new game.
All the kids are learning to play now.
In every big city all across the US and they now.
So keep yourself some hardware and vote the other fellow away now.
Play a ball back, guns, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today, guns, guns, out there on the streets.
The gun is the sheet, trotted into showing down the map.
Showing down.
Billy Brothers learned to be pretty, special to sell now.
Now, special to sell.
They can carry around some feature in your land, I'm up before the parallel.
Now, before the wave, back, guns, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today, guns, out there on the streets today.
All the boys and girls you can make like a queen for a night.
Now, a queen for a night.
These are first-ever blackness, the caps, stomach, carry away now.
And now, they're carrying away.
So what a town you can't free, you can still join the KNR-E-9.
Now, they're gonna lay it back, guns, guns, guns.
They can all throw each other away, guns, guns, make it.
And here's where you've got guns, guns, guns.
Out there on the streets today, guns, guns, out there on the streets today.
All the boys and girls you can make like a queen for a night.
1329, no park over there, baby, you're gonna be shot.
That's right, don't park in my spot.
You're gonna get shot.
132 at QIM.
How come we're not a dolphin camp?
Or how come you're not a dolphin camp?
Yeah, you're the expert on the Adolfan Zington.
I'm six, seven, every five, sixty or at least a thing.
It's some pretty pizza-like Chris, right?
Or is he on the other side of the food?
That's right.
Maybe we can bring him back to the games.
What do you say?
Any interest?
No.
How about he was thinking about that?
But you're right.
Shouldn't it burn your bridges, Mo?
That's bad.
Shouldn't it burn your bridges or take in those dentures out, either.
Not a good move.
They hated him anyway.
Real bad.
That was the rumor anyway.
I think you started it.
5.6705.60 and pound 5.60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line to be very pleased to know I got on my shirt, my pantaloonies, and my shoes.
Oh, right.
Shoes, my shoes.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, you know, how are you, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey, you know, you were talking about the stuff.
I was just diagnosed probably a little less than a year ago, being diabetic type 2.
Not good.
Probably over my family.
My dad's gone in my sister, both grandparents.
Probably doesn't help that I'm a little overweight.
But I just want to turn you on to something.
I took the fish oil.
I took the Coke Q10.
My wife is diabetic also.
She looked up this stuff on the internet called Cinematic.
And it's a water extract of the bark of cinnamon.
And it's a small little white capsule.
It's like take two a day, one in the morning, and one at night, 12 hours apart.
And you know, usually your numbers are the highest in the morning when you get up.
That's correct.
Not good.
That's correct.
My sugar is coming in now about 90.
Wow.
So it's something you might want to check out.
They got it at the health food store.
It's like 15 bucks for like 90 days.
Well, cinnamon is supposed to be real good for blood sugar.
I've talked about a couple of years ago.
What's up, Paul?
Again, cinematic.
I don't know the name of the manufacturer, but I'll call you back another day when I'm home.
And I'll look it up and I'll give it to you.
Oh, I'm going to Google it.
Thanks.
It's awesome.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
All right, take care of him.
No ice cream, man.
No ice cream today.
Maybe tomorrow.
How about no milk today?
Don't we have a thing on that?
What is it called?
A thing?
Yeah, we have a bit of milk ice cream.
What is it?
Which one?
Milk ice cream.
On no milk today.
By Herman's Vermin.
You were just talking about Peter Noon a second ago.
No, no mo today.
No something.
Oh, yeah, I can't think of what it is.
You know, you're all talking about.
Oh, I know the real song.
I don't know the bit.
No, no mo today.
No, no mo today.
No, no, no, no.
Hey, Brian, what's that thing?
Hey, chicken, come on.
Get with it.
He knows what it is.
He did it.
Vemini QYM.
Hello.
On top of the slope.
Vemini QYM.
Hello.
Hey, Neely.
Spireport followed up with a question.
I could have thought I just saw a dub Lindy doing something back.
No, just today.
Doing what?
Yeah, okay.
Next to the point.
And what do you think of those pants, his man?
They're doing beautiful.
I could have found it.
You give me a chance.
Yeah, why didn't you know balls?
It's not in here.
It's under OJ dash.
Oh, it's under OJ.
Well, why didn't you tell me that you were trying to get me a handicraft?
That's right.
I couldn't have found it.
Oh, man.
You're doing something bad.
Oh, that's just no plain no Jew.
The one you had on there though.
There's more like that.
Here, no, the smell real bad.
The dough just did that.
No, no, no.
Yeah, bad British thing.
Terry's gone away.
On the ball.
Yeah.
Okay.
And it's not really worth listening to.
How about that Herman's vermin one?
Mrs. Brown, you got it.
Mrs. Lovely, you got a brown daughter.
I think I said that Al Sharpen's monitoring.
Hey, no.
Get lost now.
Mrs. Lovely, you got a brown daughter.
That's right.
That's the real thing too, but I'll tell you this very nice.
Maybe I'll be a Jackson, make you want to peel it.
That's enough.
More than enough.
QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Did you see the marvelous game last night?
No, I did not.
I don't watch baseball, sir.
Well, I don't know if this picture is a guy to this.
He's going to cap over his face to how is he supposed to pitch the ball?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Boring.
Not as boring as you, but very boring.
Is that either.
5.670560, pound 560.
Now, let's see.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no, no.
What was that song you were just playing?
Don't tell me.
I'm a heavy V8.
Herman's vermin.
Well, see, I played all these when I was a district here 100 years ago.
By the way, Brandon tells me that Kelly Craig and Bob May are both still on.
But at times when everybody's asleep, you know.
Now, that's the way they do it over their channel 6 and channel 4.
Hello, Channel 4, who knows who they got on here.
They still got that laughing hyena on there on Channel 4?
Angel Array?
No, no, she's gone a long time ago.
Is she, no, she, the waitress, you see you don't understand.
She left and then she came back again.
And then she's gone again.
And she's gone again?
Yes.
Well, that's some good news.
I wonder everybody seems to be in a really good mood.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Not there.
Q-I-M, hello.
Hey, here's your favorite soccer team, Neil.
Whichever one, my boy, Christiana, and I was playing a pool.
That's my favorite soccer team, Schmuck.
How many Q-I-M, hello?
Nearly.
Happy Wednesday to you.
And back to you.
How are we going today?
I think I got to hear about that.
Roba, just sit over here and play metal.
Yesterday?
You report on that?
No.
Oh, man, it was terrible.
You know, I just thought I'd definitely solidify, you know, your negative thoughts, you know,
your self-order.
Negative thoughts about self-order.
I have no one of those.
Go ahead.
All right, we have a nice day, eh?
Okay, thanks.
Oh, he wasn't going to tell me what it was.
He just said that was the negative.
I guess I would have required a little bit too much verbal intercourse from actually explaining
me what happens since I told him I didn't know what will happen.
But to have a nice day, eh?
Well, I was pleasant anyway.
Not very interesting, but very pleasant.
Nobody Q-I-M, hello.
How many gorials do you have in Woodbying?
About 30, man.
Nobody Q-I-M, hello.
Yeah, I was fine for nail lodges, and I would like to explain truly what diabetes is.
And...
Oh, you're too boring, man.
There's no way he talked to you.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Holy moly, man.
I'd like to explain what diabetes is.
And I'm going to go through a whole medical thing.
Oh, my God.
To call up Dave Ann Boring in a home, we'll give you his number.
On my television, Rosie O'Donnell stars as a retard in writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I beg for change.
All right, are you communists?
I'm a retard over here.
From what you can in a box.
You ain't no retard by sure I am.
Oh, I'm like, uh, you got a bit of load of this.
I hate this place.
But then what's here?
I've been standing here for seven years.
The medication's still working.
When I grow up, I want to look just like getting pleased.
Then people forget who I am.
It's a black guy who's still in my act.
Rosie O'Donnell.
They look pale.
I'm retarded, see?
Whoa.
Whoa.
Who's the other one?
In writing on the bus with my sister to the subway where I beg for change.
Hey, but look, I'm Terry Shivell.
Just a type of eating tube.
Whoa.
I'm going to have an eye on her.
Oh, yeah.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
The medication's on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
I was inspired to play that because the original is always better than me or whatever.
Yeah.
I just wanted to hear it.
Okay.
1348 votes.
You know something we definitely would have made 1400.
With a little push.
With a little push with our friends.
But who cares?
I mean, it wouldn't have been, you know, no thing.
And I don't think we put on there escape from New York.
Did we?
I don't know.
Did we?
I don't see it.
The Chris put it on.
Who's supposed to be put it on?
Are you Chris?
Huh?
Chris.
Chris threw it up.
Norma Kent.
What is that?
Why are you sending me these silly messages, Norma?
Why are you sending me this crap?
His brain cats, Ghan, postponed it all tomorrow because his mom got brought to the emergency room.
So we have to go check on her.
Oh, I didn't see that part.
Well, that's bad.
I hope mom's okay, Norma.
Wow.
He's got issues, I guess.
But in the middle of my show, I need to get that.
I mean, wouldn't that have been better at woodbinding if something be pressing like that.
But that's normal.
He can be very depressing, you know?
Mom had to be taken to emergency and Norma's got his brain fell out.
All the stuff going on.
Not good.
1346 votes.
Now, what was I doing about escaping from New York?
I was doing the show before this thing buzzed in my pocket.
God.
I'm sitting here.
I've got in my shirt pocket and I'm like hunched against the counter hit against the edge of this table.
This counter.
Are we going to put that on there or not Chris?
I mean, I don't want to like exert, sorry, I heard from him.
I'm on there.
It's on there.
Let me refresh and just, I don't want to like, doubt be a doubting Thomas.
I escaped from New York.
Doesn't have any 1353.
We made 14 easy.
Trust me when I tell you.
WQAM, hello.
Hi Norma.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going?
Okay.
All right.
Hey, I know it's woodbind.
Woodbind, Wednesday for you.
I work over here at Marty Gral racerack and gaming.
Yes sir.
And we get these in Vegas insider gaming magazines.
And I'm a little barker at our airport.
And it says that if you are going to gamble on the on the flop machines to gamble the $5 ones because they pay out at a higher rate.
Start out, give you a little tip.
That is correct.
That's true.
But you also, if you get a bad machine or two, you lose a hell of a, you lose your ass much faster.
I see everybody in here losing their ass.
So, everybody, take care of me on a good day.
Thanks, pal.
And wish me good luck to us there.
Oh, he's already gone.
Wish me good luck.
Say, I hope you find a good machine, man.
No, he's right.
The $5, the higher denomination of what you play, the greater the return.
But of course, also the greater the loss.
Much faster.
You follow what I'm saying?
What do you say?
It's just, I mean, I play lots in a while and usually I do fairly good.
Pretty good.
But it's not as good as, you know, if you're going to go all the way out there, it's about half hour each way for me.
And slip all the way out.
You want to kill some good time, you know.
You want to sit around and get a little something for your money.
A little entertainment for your losing your ass.
$5 machine, you can lose two grand in about 20 minutes.
Now, is that up your alley, Sally?
It's not up my alley either, okay?
Of course, though, that's another story.
He could handle it.
$5, 6705, $60.560, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I will say this number one.
I don't see the world coming to win in like the opponents of slots predicted.
And number two, I don't hear very much about it.
Because it's a dead-ass town.
You know, anywhere else would be like excitement in the year.
You could feel the good vibrations, but I was just there the last weekend.
I didn't feel nothing.
You know, it's very seriously something needs to be done about that one.
Not in, forget about any of the other ones.
Something needs to be done about that one.
Or I'd love to do it.
Okay.
You're on the case.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, how's it going, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey, this is the quarter slot guy.
I'm not calling and talking about that.
I am calling to wish you a good luck on your wood buying winters.
Yeah, I hope you find a good machine, man.
And also, I'd like to ask your opinion.
What do you think about Joe Rose coming back to QAM?
Take over the 8 to 10 slot coming back to QAM?
Who said Joe Rose is coming back to QAM?
Well, he's got a concept.
He knew he was coming up in September.
And find Bird says the QAM is going to be in that double his salary.
You know, he didn't wait for the ticket.
Yeah.
So I think he should come back and take over the bow and mojo at the 8 to 10
because they're killing your ratings as a station.
Sounds like a plan to me, sir, Alphah.
From your ears to God's mouth.
Isn't that how that thing works that old saying from your ass to God's earlobe?
Something like that.
5.670560.
I haven't heard that of you.
Pound.
That rumor.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
I want you people to understand.
Everything in this business is always a big secret.
Don't you understand that? It's a big secret.
I'll see what this very important facts.
Billy Gold is back on here.
He says yesterday, I seen.
Oh, Billy Gold.
I seen a special on Brady Quinn.
He said 20 minutes before every game he drinks syrup a lot of third of the bottle.
He's been doing that since Pee Wee football, so we just kept doing it.
So I guess if you want to get close to his heart, you've got to do with, oh, that's fast.
Not funny.
Not funny, Billy Gold. Very bad.
Let's see.
What do you think?
Oh, his opposing dish on the...
No, no, no, no.
This is weak.
This is the same person I believe was sending that fine pulverhead yesterday.
And now he's like, you know, don't try to overdo it.
Okay? If it first, you know, if it first you succeed, just that pulverhead about the people overestimating their ability out of you.
And here's the same person who sends us a bad one.
What's your take on QM's recent acquisition of the rights to the...
I mean, what's the point in that?
Huh?
Do we care what their opinion is about QM's rights to the...
I just, I don't know.
Like, what's your opinion on the air quality?
I just... terminal.
So, I think I'd rather talk to the guy about diabetes that I've called before that coma-inducing guy.
I mentioned that was Dave Van Boring doing a voice.
Trying to get even.
1358 votes on our award-winning pool and I escaped from New York still as nevety.
Maybe it wasn't such a great idea.
Or maybe the 1300 of those 1358 would have said that.
You think?
It's possible.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just got through eating and German chocolate blizzard of dairy queen.
Have you ever had one of those?
No.
Oh, it's great.
If we're back for...
Is it?
Have another one.
Have another one.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I was just wondering if you had the inside picks on the Derby.
I'm a fairly new listener.
I didn't know of you.
I know you got a woodbind all the time.
I didn't know of you.
I don't want you to that crap.
But Dave Johnson will be calling next Friday and every year we talk about the Derby and who we pick.
And I'll do a little homework on it.
I have no idea.
Okay.
Thanks.
Just let me take it one thing, okay?
Yeah.
Remember I told you this?
So fooling is money are soon parted.
Good luck, Pally.
Appreciate it.
It's true.
It's the truest thing I ever told you people out there.
A fooling is money are soon parted.
When you make it a big box like some of us, okay?
Like, ass right.
Then you can go out there and punch your guts out.
Have a little bit of fun.
But when you're a slipper like Chris or George, for example, keep it close.
Keep it in your wallet.
Keep that baby closed.
That means, stay single.
I'm just, that's just my best advice.
You know, I tell people not to go and punch your guts out.
But just do it very lightly.
Play the nickels, man.
Play the pennies.
Play the two penny machine.
What's that kind of the Kentucky Derby?
I have no idea.
It's gambling.
Gambling is gambling.
And all the voices of doom and gloom.
All those evil one-eyed bandits.
The world's going to come to an end.
And the mafia and the crime and the murder and mayhem.
Yeah, right.
All the nonsense from the Sun Sentinel and the hero of all these other groups.
They're goody two shoes and these right wing jack balls, man.
Like fat ass, jab bush.
At least now you've got a good gay governor in there.
That's what you need.
There's some mighty cone.
That's what you need.
A white-haired mighty cone.
I saw him on the news over the weekend.
I just, I want to bird out laughing every time I saw her, you know?
Like she's, like she's really fooling somebody.
Hey Charlie, all I can say is.
You fairy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
If I am the town, you fairy.
At 560 WQA.
You don't be in weed.
The makers of many fine hair straight-through products presents the IMSN and the show.
Open another new video and show up!
Show was a fine idea, am it?
Oh, well, I'll do something.
I'm a good liar to only add $10 million less.
You show me a fan, donut!
You have a good sign.
Rand open a beach along?
Oh, God, I did your help.
Now that.
Oh, I'm having a Mexican up the dough.
I dropped an nail in the batter.
That donut, man!
Oh, how the hell did the specter come in the barn?
You're not going to eat all these donuts until I buy an nail.
You want to help?
Show!
It's not easy!
Show me the tools!
Oh, no, then we be eating all that now.
No, no, no, no, no.
I wouldn't laugh, still no nail.
People start coming in.
You better get open.
Oh, yeah.
They're health inspectors here.
Pardon, I'm from the health department.
Hold that tram when your famous donut.
Uh, yeah, I'm about to ask you don't want to eat that one.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
I don't want to get it.
I don't want to get it.
I don't want to eat the bread best.
Oh, no.
Andy, Andy.
Yes, but Rob, what Rob?
I think you're a better guy, I'll do it with my lawyer.
Bye, bye, bye!
The biggest names of this talent.
I love Rob, I love Rob.
At your hold, for my heavy dough, fins, footfall.
Fantastic sports radio, 560 WQAM.
I love Rob.
I am a solid lover there.
There's a cream, that is a cream, I'm a nutty, love bearer.
I love cream, love bearer.
Oh, what, oh, what, oh, what, oh, what, oh, what, oh, what, oh.
It looks just 29.99 or a huge bouquet of 30 tulips for just $10 more in 39.99.
Plus a free glass makes, but only if you use my name Kenny when you order.
Proflowers, colorful tulips are amazing.
A centipory of mine, your mother and your wife, the whole drill.
But order today to ensure your mother stay delivered.
Proflowers, the only way I recommend sending flowers from other day,
you know they're sent fresh from the fields, so they're guaranteed to last at least seven days.
Do me a favor, with these tulips or any other radio specials,
here's what I want you to do.
Go to proflowers.com before you do anything else, click on the radio microphone in the upper right hand corner
and type in my first and candy candy and in one.
That's proflowers.com or call 1-800-PRO-FOWERS.
That's 1-800-PRO-FOWERS.
And be sure to use my name Kenny, Kenny and in white.
That's proflowers.com.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South,
listening, answering.
The biggest name, the best talent.
He's the big ol' Orlando Else Gary.
Mornings 5-7.
4-20-05-60.
Q-A-M.
Big ol' here for the finest beer in the business.
President A. imported beer and listen for years.
I've been telling you about my favorite beer.
President A. the finest beer in the business.
Well now, I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business.
President A. light.
The tradition continues.
President A. light is a smooth tasting beer.
With lots of character, it's the way light beer should taste.
Smooth, bold, and with the character you've come to expect from President A.
Let's face it folks, the beer industry.
It's full of watered down light beers.
But President A. light is a full body light beer.
So on your way home today, stop by the supermarket and treat your friends' family.
And how about yourself?
To the finest light beer in the business.
President A. light.
The full body light beer.
What an amazing combination.
The choice is yours.
President A. and President A. light.
It's the big ol' choice.
It's the best choice.
President A. or President A. light.
Mercedes Benz on Heavier Keg and Eating It Too.
Or how to enjoy the efficiency of a diesel without sacrificing power.
Introducing CDI technology.
Every Mercedes Ben's CDI engine employs fuel-efficient diesel engineering
that incorporates a common rail direct injection system.
This combined with a turbocharger that boosts torque ensures every CDI diesel engine's
delivers both fuel-efficiency and impressive power.
So now you can have your cake and eat it too.
Just don't drive have cake and eat it too.
That would be dangerous.
See your authorized dealer to test drive the powerful 2007 ML320 CDI,
starting with 44.45.
Just one of the Mercedes Benz family of CDI diesel SUVs.
Mercedes Benz.
I'm like hellio.
Mercedes Benz.
Mercedes Benz.
You can't be the machines requirements.
You can't point your name.
You're a government member.
You're not available in these days.
MSRP and Fuzel are often tested.
I don't know the distribution and give a bad option.
I don't know the delivery and I don't give a present.
I don't see any details.
For a test drive, visit any of the six South Florida Mercedes Benz dealers
or visit us on the web at ambysouthflora.com.
BellSouth Small Business simplifies your voice,
data and network experience so you can stay focused on your business.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company,
just go with BellSouth.
Listening, answering.
The B-Sneams, the best talent.
It's the Kenny and Bone Morning Show,
a day seven at 10.
Sports Radio 560, QA.
30.
I'm out here with Jim Crawford, the tree man.
And the music is sweet always is when the tree is on the scene.
And the back-to-home base, of course,
is Captain Curtis Stevens and Ken Maldon on the updates.
And Duky Lang also contributes each and every day.
It is draft week.
Thank God.
I'm very thankful it is draft week because,
because if this were not draft week,
we'd be doing three hours of We Suck Radio, right?
Always nice to have a sense of hope and a sense of noonus.
And it would be all gloom and doom after the heat's loss
and after the heat leaves Chicago down to nothing.
You think the Chicago Bulls will be bringing their brooms down to Miami?
Is that a possibility?
They looked awfully good.
So our number one story today,
I'm pretty sure will be the retro-spective,
looking back at last night's game,
the heat and bulls,
and looking at both games, in fact.
And number two, I think will be pretty dolphin draft intensive
and pretty NFL draft intensive.
You think the heat might consider getting younger pretty soon?
You think that had anything to do with last night's outcome?
Captain Curtis Stevens, you know what?
Back at home, basically.
I was just thinking about that.
I had that conversation with about five different people last night watching that game,
and they were so apparent how old they look,
and you look at how they get younger, especially in the back court.
But I'm not giving up on this team yet.
When they come home, I expect to see a different level of intensity,
and I think they're going to go back to Chicago.
This thing was going six or seven, regardless if the bulls are up two or not.
Something everybody needs to keep in mind,
and of course sports talk and shows like this,
are not renowned for their perspective.
I mean, it's all about now and the emotion,
but essentially all Chicago did was hold serve.
That's it.
Yeah, the one the games they were supposed to win.
They were the favorite, they held home court.
The saying is what?
The series is not starred until a road team wins a game.
So as bad and as bleak as it looks,
we all know it just takes one game to turn it around.
I think the Dallas Maverick series a year ago, just one game.
And that's what Miami's got to do.
They got to win this next game.
And then hold home court,
and then make it a four game series.
But honestly, things look pretty awful.
I am not a rosy optimist.
I have not been all season long.
I haven't been going into the playoffs.
And this isn't a question of the day.
The question of the day will be about the draft,
but where are you right now with a heat?
Are you on the bandwagon or off?
We'll be taking names.
We'll have some accountability.
We'll be writing it down.
And if you're dropping off the bandwagon, that's fine.
Then you're off.
