It's so hard!
President Bush continues to earthen patience.
His success will take months, not days or weeks.
The war in the right is from old.
I'm all good, just for cloth clothes.
Well, the tenacity of tension, wasn't I paying attention?
What stands in a world of stars?
I got a game up to my eyes.
And my job has been upside-by.
We need a revolution and a minus solution.
After dancing, what's our stars?
Dancing with the stars.
Dancing with the stars.
The devil told the news.
I got to see the new rules.
Dancing with the stars.
Where are you going to captivate us?
You're such a joy.
You're a huge, such joy in the dance world.
Right.
Let's get to the important stuff.
OK, let's get our priorities.
Let's get our ducks in a row.
There's another stupid expression.
Whoever saw a bunch of ducks in a row.
Just a sport.
Did you really?
Well, that's how they walk.
You know, the mother duckling, the little duck and all the little duckling.
And then they walk across the wings.
They're in a row there.
It's flat.
That's easy to hit them when they're all in a row like that.
Maybe that's why they're so gimmey.
Maybe they get splattered out there in a highway.
I don't know what that's all about.
I'm just not a duck guy.
Although ducks are cute.
Yeah, they're fun.
Although not, certain kinds of ducks.
Like the ones you were talking about.
Where little ducklings follow them on across the wings.
I thought it was Lorda Mutant ducks.
No.
But those ones that like skid from Chernobyl.
They're dropping all over the place.
And they're all those onion ducks.
Of course, that's the Florida thing.
You know, there's a lot of nasty crap in Florida.
A lot of that crap.
Although here we got pigeons speaking of crap.
Oh, brother.
You want to see out on my patio.
In fact, you know something?
If I ever decided to take the magic leap.
Who was that talking to about that the other day?
We were talking about, oh yeah.
With a mutual friend of mine.
And we were discussing that that's probably not the really good way to commit suicide.
Not that there's a good way.
Not that I'm suicidal.
Although Monday I sure was.
Monday was like close to it.
Monday really gave it some thought.
But if I went out on the patio and put like one leg over the railing there.
That would be probably the last thing I would see with the all the pigeon droppings on my balcony.
And not only did the pigeon crack bug me, but the way they, oh, cool.
Cool.
You know, whatever the hell they're saying, which really isn't very nice.
No.
I think it would be like tid Williams in my aging years.
I'm going to spend all of my time shooting pigeons with BB guns.
That's what he used to do outside Fenway Park tid Williams.
The splendid splitter.
What are his head is still frozen or what?
Oh, speaking of that.
You know, yesterday, and I did check it out.
There was no cold stone creamy in Canada yet.
And they're not looking for like individual.
What's all was that?
Oh.
Huh?
You must be faxing me.
I'm scared of faxing.
Huh?
Sorry.
Didn't mean to send you a scary fax.
Oh, just it sounded like it was fire alarms.
It was not the usual.
That kind of a beep.
It was a beep.
It was a beep.
Oh, I want out.
And let's see what it is.
For the pool.
Oh, here we go with the pool.
Oh, geez.
Mario.
It's only the third one we got.
We have a air freshener maker.
Well, Mario, you were a good guy.
And freshen this.
Okay, freshen it up.
I'd say a farce time, but we can't.
PSI would never be able to make it our first years to make South Florida smell good.
He said, well, you can say that again.
The stench of commonore, as the mad dog would say, is just permeating through the air.
Ooh.
Facts.
So what was I just about to say about the ice cream cold stone creamy is not here.
And they're not looking for it because I thought it would be really good franchise thing to get into, you know?
Yeah, but it's not.
Well, it could be, but they're not looking for that.
If they're looking for like people who have had a lot of experience like in the ice cream business and marketing.
Yeah, people who are already in that kind of business.
So it leaves me out.
What the hell do I know about that crap?
But it's just sounded like something good.
Like a good scam.
The closest one to here where I'm sitting right now is Amherst, New York.
And there's also one in Rochester.
I guess one across Lake Ontario and be Rochester in what two, three days.
Okay.
And I'm one of my rubber rants, like those people on Howell and the other this morning.
I don't know why they made such a big deal out of that story.
I don't know if you should miss it.
People coming in, huh?
I must have missed it.
Or Raptors.
Howell and the old beach, baby.
Don't let me forget to get to my ice cream story.
It's very embarrassing, but I don't mind.
There's no one here.
When you work for this company, there's no such thing as embarrassment, you know what I mean?
Howell and the old beach.
In other words, as many as a hundred migrants aboard a wooden sailboat landed on the city's beach this morning.
The boat ran a ground of short distance from the beach at Howell and the old beach boulevard and A1A around seven o'clock this morning.
TV camera showed a number of passengers jumping out of the rough surf and swimming of short distance to the nearby shore.
Some appeared weak, disarray, and didn't see sick.
Oh, maybe they just came off the one in Mickey Erson's cruises. That might explain it.
It was not immediately known if the Rennie injured the, in the voyage or the landing.
Coast Guard was called in local pulleys at the scene.
Initialized to miss it, as many as 150 people on a rickety old wooden sailboat.
Now they're saying about 100. As many as 100.
Could be like a lot less than that when he says many as 100 could be.
About 30 men.
It could be a lot less. So they think the hyperventilate.
Oh, there's Hank is on the CNN now.
US is holding five Iranian.
Wow. Okay, let's get to the pool.
Then I got a very interesting email that came in last night.
I think it was last night. Yeah, it was from one of our my space people, David.
David, they just got married a short time ago.
What was his, what's his name? Christine, is that it?
Huh?
I noticed David doesn't have a whole lot of friends there on his page.
Well, what does that usually tell you?
Or like Josh said, he only has friends that he knows in real life on his friends page.
So there are a lot of people that do that.
Well, but there's a lot of celebrities on there. Right?
See, when I see somebody that's got a profile page and it's got all these celebrities on there.
Like almost no real people. It tells me either, A, this is somebody that doesn't have any friends or B, it's Erzatz.
Say one of those things, I don't know. But anyway, thanks, David.
I'll get to your opinion in a minute.
Here's the pool from yesterday, 1353 vote.
My idea of an ideal vacation, I can't even read that.
I don't like the way it's worded. My idea of an ideal vacation is
shedding off to another country, 350. That's my idea.
And boy, it's not long now.
All of some of us going to be going on vacation really, really soon.
Like today is Wednesday, March 28th already.
And starting toward the end of next week, some of us going to be heading off to have a really fine time.
It's going to be very, very nice.
Trust me.
Properly I'll end 226.
Cross country, excursion 115.
Like maybe a trip to Uma, Arizona.
Maybe pick up a hitchhiker right away.
Staying home drinking beer watching TV.
Those were really the days. I'm sure a lot of punks today.
When you talk about picking up hitchhikers, it's almost like an alien idea.
Because today you have to be a crazy person to pick up a hitchhiker.
Because they're all like, you know, droggies and criminal slimbals.
That's absolutely.
Back in the days, I don't know what.
Murder is rapist.
Right, all of these things.
For once upon a time, you could actually pick up hitchhikers.
And they were like, people trying to go from someplace to someplace else.
And sometimes it turned into an interesting relationship if you catch my drift.
I'm sure you do.
You drink.
Staying home drinking beer watching TV.
How boring.
114.
Especially the drinking beer part.
You know, Vegas, Casino 95.
So I hate, Neil, you go to Vegas anymore.
Let's hear about those penny slots, Neil.
Thank God that I'm prospect.
I will get to that David's thing in a minute.
I'll pat myself on the back.
Seek who's 89.
Leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone, 86.
A beat 63.
Ski resort 61.
I still don't get that whole.
I don't understand it.
See with me, I mean, there's a kid of course growing up in upstate New York,
where lots and lots of snow.
And you know, you get the snowball fights and stuff like that.
Did you go sledding?
No, yeah, I had a little sled.
Yeah.
Because I had a little pansy with a sled.
And was it a fun?
No.
I hate this pull 47, 3.4%.
No, because you keep falling off and then you get to see the snow is cold and wet.
I know the current is going to be right.
But snow is cold and wet and it's not going to be as much.
There are people who say, oh, I'm going to see snow for the first time.
Wow, yeah, big deal.
You can have it.
And you should be interested in knowing there is no snow after yesterday's
bombing temperatures here.
There is no snow.
It's all gone.
No wintertime left, at least here.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me take a look.
I think I'm wrong.
You know what I think I see some?
Yeah.
No, it's not.
It's a white roof.
I thought maybe there was snow.
I was looking up on the roof.
Thanks again, by the way, chicken.
For that great CD.
When the snow was cold.
What a trance.
The crying shame.
It was way really good.
I might just play.
It could be where I loved today.
I was so hot to try to get that.
And one of my people out there on my space said, hey, you can get it from Amazon.com.
And I went in there yesterday and ordered it and expressed expedite international shipping.
But it'd be a bit of a boot, but a bump.
And it's probably going to show up today or tomorrow.
And then like two hours later, I get the FedEx package from ChickenEck that I get every week with his disc.
And with this, and various other assorted summary crap.
And then there is the crying shame.
The exact one I just, well, it's only 23 bucks.
That's about 10 seconds of wood buying.
Today's wood buying Wednesday, by the way.
Do I sound less than excited and enthused about it?
Yeah, you could be a little bit more slap-hacky.
Today's wood buying Wednesday.
Woohoo!
Woohoo!
I think wood is more like, okay, getting back Vegas casino 95 speaking of that.
Seek Crews 89, whether or not Frankie Ford, leaving the spouse and kids at home and going alone 86, like almost anywhere, as a matter of fact.
I mean, I just added that I'm bellishing a little bit, but then you know me.
A beat 63, excuse me, was worth 61, I read those.
I hate this pull 47, only 3.4% they liked it.
And we forgot to ask the audience this morning.
You like it?
Yeah, they like it.
Camping out 45, a theme park 23, visiting relatives 22, FET, and a safari 17, a safari.
Oh, brother.
I don't know what that is.
Well, you know, to reach his own, people have different tastes.
There are people who want to go on vacation and do all sorts of perverted wonderful things, which is great.
That's right, of my alley, so to speak.
But then there are people who want to go watch animals do it all.
And speak of that.
What's that big fat tummy guy in Hylia that sends us all those spashing spas?
Okay, I don't know.
He sent me last night a comment to approve to put on our Myspace page.
And it was, I don't even know if I can describe it on the air.
And it wouldn't go through.
They must have sensed some of the stuff.
It was a you video of this little dog.
And it was like, try to, there was another dog here at Boxing.
He was trying to hump the other dog.
I see.
And then he got all whipped up into a frenzy.
And he did, I don't even know if I can say it on the air.
I've never, I have never seen anything like it in my life.
And I'm so disappointed that it wouldn't go on there.
Maybe, maybe he'll try sending me again spashing spas because that's got to go on there.
And the dog did his own, how do I say it?
I don't know where you're going.
I know where he was going.
It was right between his legs.
In other words, he was getting all excited about trying to hump this other dog.
And the other dog had no interest in how much he was going.
Oh, he could have run Jeremy.
He did it.
Well, no, not too much.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Oh, Riley, yeah.
I see.
He did his, with his paw.
I think he is.
What is that all of, I know exactly what it's all about.
I mean, it's not only records could do that.
I have never seen anything like that.
I beg your pardon?
I know.
I know.
He's, you know, all the time all day long.
Like that.
Yeah.
They say back at it.
Right.
But so maybe spashing spas, we can work on that and get that on it.
I mean, it's not, you know, we certainly don't want little children seeing something like that.
Good morning, Americans.
It's Paul Harvey.
Stand by for news.
Two board casino dealers, Fred and Pete, were waiting at the crash table when a hot, blonde
woman walked up and bet $20,000 on a single roll of the dice.
I hope you don't mind, she said.
But fellas, I feel much luckier when I'm completely nude.
She strips naked and rolls the dice.
And as they come to a stop, she jumps up and down and screams, I won.
I won.
She then hugs both the dealers, picks up her money and her clothes and quickly leaves.
The dealers stare at each other, dumbfounded.
Finally, Pete says, well, what did she roll?
Anyway, Fred says, I don't know.
I thought you were watching.
Now page two.
Billy is riding in a taxi cab when he taps the driver on the shoulder to ask him a question.
The driver screams, bloody murder loses control of the cab and swerves on to the sidewalk before stopping just inches from a lamp post.
After checking to make sure Billy is okay, the driver says, I'm sorry, but you scared the daylight's out of me.
Apologizing, Billy says, I didn't realize a simple tap on the shoulder would freak you out so much.
To which the driver responds, it's not your fault.
Today is my first day driving a cab after 25 years of driving a horse.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
10, 18, and 5, 60 WQ.
I'm happy Wednesday to a no-marlin game today.
Oh, boy.
It is a four full hours of this.
No calls today either.
Oh, geez, I have that thing turned in the off position.
I'll get to it.
Wait a second.
How about your pardon?
What shall we do?
What shall we do?
I don't know how are we going to continue.
How are we going to make it all the way to two o'clock?
It's only 10, 18 old bean.
Here's the poll for today.
And obviously we're going to make our thousand votes real easy.
Christus warning, by the way, was Kissi Myas in a very, I don't know.
You're going to have to stop doing that.
I thank you for hitting breaks on time.
I mean, you're...
This is all new to him.
You know, I told him in the beginning that it would ruin his ability to work with other people.
No, see, I have the same bad habit.
Okay, I'm one of those people.
No, again, there's one thing that little Kissi Kissi is fine.
But then people get a little bit put off by you.
And don't put a stock.
That's right.
And so I've had to be potty trained about doing that with other people.
And don't go overboard and kissy kissy.
Because a little bit of that is great.
And it's flattering and all that stuff.
But after a while.
And don't put a stock.
It just gets to be nauseating, grotesque.
Like puking your guts out.
But anyway, yeah, for hitting the breaks on time.
I mean, I've been doing this for a hundred years.
Don't you understand that anybody who is a real broadcaster or even close to it
doesn't...
This is all very new to him.
It's not true.
Anybody who's a broadcaster doesn't need some punk sitting in there.
Oh, take the break already.
Wait, it's time for the break.
See, that's why I have you facts me to log every morning before the show.
And I have my log here, the log for those uninitiated encounters.
There's a list of the commercials that run and when they run into breaks and what do you add?
And you know, you take the break.
We're supposed to take the break.
We take the breaks at the same time here on the show.
12 minutes after, 26 after, 40 and 56 every day.
For years and you...
It's like a fallout of bed in the morning, like I did this morning, right on the floor.
It just ain't that hard.
And of course, there are some people who aren't real broadcasters and they just refuse to take the break.
And those are just idiots.
Those are people that should be dragged out of the studio kicking and screaming.
Kicking and screaming.
Screamers.
You know what I mean?
You're fair.
I'm not those kind of screamers necessarily.
It could be though.
But anyway, you're welcome.
Glad that you're so easy to please.
The fact that I take the break sometimes.
And I hope that you said the Hank Guerrero, one of our salespeople, I might like him.
Yeah, you might like him.
Now, George, if you've met Hank Guerrero, see I'm not being there and thank God I'm not there.
But I don't know a lot of these people that have met Hank Guerrero.
And of course, I find as a salesperson, he's totally inept.
I mean, that goes without saying.
But, yeah, according to Chris, he might be a good looking guy.
He's a good looking guy, but I'm not sure if he's your type.
Well, what does that mean?
How old is he?
I don't know, mid to late 20s.
Yeah, that sounds fine.
A little old, but that's not too bad.
And?
And nothing.
I just, I don't know if he's exactly your type.
I'll take a picture.
Oh, but what does that mean exactly that, my type?
I mean, I tend to be very picky, especially.
I think that's what I'm talking about.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, I know that.
I know that from based on the guys that...
I think you've experienced that you have felt attractive.
I'm not sure if he's right.
Quite up to your standards.
Well, in that case, thank you.
Better put you up a little bit, sweetheart.
Otherwise, because, you know...
Look at Erie Fleischer.
Look at her, man.
Is that... is that...
The sand?
Job is bad.
Look at that thing.
What happened to her?
My God.
Looks like they put her head through a meat grinder.
Anyway, here's the poll for today.
For a million dollars, I would blank.
901 votes.
That's the good part.
The bad part is that once again, who sent us this poll?
Let me see if I can find where this is.
Who the hell sent this...
I can't find the original one.
It says, compartment.
Maybe it was Charlie B.
I doubt it though.
This doesn't seem to be up to Charlie's standards.
For $80, I would.
I hate this poll as leading 14.7%.
134.
That's bad.
That is so bad.
Almost 15% hate the poll.
And you want to know why?
Because we forgot to clear it with them before the show this morning.
And I can't get this thing going.
I forgot to ask.
Do you like it?
See, I got a thick finger there now.
I was hitting like two buttons at the same time.
Nothing worse than a thick finger.
Of course, that all depends on where you're even going to want to stick it.
A vote Republican, $1.17, for a million dollars, I do that.
Now, I would take me a lot more than that.
In fact, there is no price tag.
Maybe a billion dollars am I vote Republican.
And then I can just say screw everybody.
Or maybe 20 million.
Give up my favorite food for a year, 102.
And you never let me get to my ice cream store.
Let me do that right after the poll.
Okay.
That's not something I'm proud of.
No rush.
For a million dollars, I'd work at QAM 96.
Now, I can't afford to pay cut.
I have sex for a year 90.
Well, I can do that for free.
Have gay sex 82.
I can do that for free too.
Live it well sometimes.
Live in South Florida 77.
Kill some people 64.
Now, that's a really good choice on the poll.
And too bad that I wasn't clever enough before the show to like kind of like
Isolated similar.
So people.
Yes, a moe could say and he would be one of the first ones in fact.
64.
Now, that wasn't a death red moe.
That's just a little joke.
Okay.
Don't start pulling a what's the guy's name again?
With the wife.
What kind of wants.
Huh?
The guy that wants to be on the show.
Don Sherwood.
Don Sherwood.
Oh.
Sorry.
Kill some people 64.
Oh, don't say that and I'm sure with the same sense.
That is that.
Yeah, that's the point.
Yeah, screw him and Joyce.
Screw the both of them.
Okay.
And have a good time doing it.
Kill some people 65 now.
Not view porn for a year 59.
I know a million dollars wouldn't be enough for some people out there around that.
No chance.
Not view porn for a year.
Oh, maybe for a week.
59.
Not smoke for a year 50.
Well, I don't smoke anyway.
So, you know, for free I can do that.
And get married 35 out of 915 vote.
I don't think it's such a bad poll to you.
It's fine.
It's great.
It's just fine, Paul, but almost 15% are hating it, man.
I hate them.
Yeah, we hate you while you people have voted I hate this poll.
We hate you.
We hope you would die wicked death along with some of those other people we mentioned.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I didn't mention any names.
I can refer to Sherwood or anybody like that.
Yeah, so let me get to this and then I'll, you know, after the break.
Oh, no, let me do the ice cream thing first and I won't have to interrupt this.
David, my space thing.
Ice cream yesterday we talked about cold stone creamery.
Okay, which I, I won't say I'm obsessed with it because I haven't,
I've never been into one of the places and my friend has brought home and I've been down there
some of it a couple of times and it's just, it's just a die for.
I mean, it's really great stuff.
Have you been in there actually?
No, I have not.
But you had it.
I've had it.
It has been brought into me.
I see.
And I don't really think it's necessary now.
Oh, so last night on the school of fortune,
it obviously was some kind of a promotional deal and the vanna and pat were eating the ice cream,
cold stone creamery and they were promoting it.
And at the end of the show there and they both eat it, oh, this is really good.
You know, shovel it out of their puts.
So after a 10 to 1 on a ball game came on, it's did a Marlin game,
which means when the audience went goodbye, which wasn't very nice.
And I, I would say by one o'clock, I was already fully clothed and out the door
and on the way to my neighborhood supermarket to buy me and I don't know, well, whatever.
I was just looking around and had another ice cream fit, you know.
And what did I see in the cooler and the freezer there in the ice cream place?
Breyer's score, SKOR, just like the score candy bars, man is that good stuff.
And I told you, I usually hate most of the Snickers ice cream is crap or the MN's.
The candy ice cream is most of them are really garbage, very disappointing, Milky Way.
I like those candies, but the ice cream they make are horrible.
Horrible.
But the score happens to be a really neat old flavor.
And they don't have it in pints, which is probably, you know, not a good thing for me.
So I didn't buy a pint, I bought a leader.
They don't have quarts here, they have leader.
Now, do we figure out as a leader more than a quart?
I sure hope not.
Oh, I better look it up during the break.
Yeah, look it up.
Because wouldn't have to be disgusting to have more than a quart of ice cream.
I have actually, I'm not going to go into it.
It's too embarrassing.
It's too late now.
About half gallons.
Oh boy.
Well, I mean, hey, I'm a pig.
What can I tell you?
I'm addicted to it.
It's like drugs.
The more sugary you eat, the more you want.
That's right.
That's me, you better.
Oh my god.
So I got me to take me to your leader.
I did a score ice cream and it sure made me feel really, really good.
And then it sent me right to that magic room there for a very wild experience, but nevertheless.
Well, how's that happening?
Going right through you.
925 votes on a poll today.
So thanks to everybody for my cold stone fix yesterday and probably being a dog better combed
by 11 o'clock.
Just Ricky a blow.
There was a farmer hide a dog in me.
The world is famous.
He showed me a lot of things.
Turned love sing along.
There was a famous one.
The world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
One, the world is famous.
Fiedermogue singues song per video.
Bunu got far away from the welfare
This is an exclusive TV offer so call now for this priceless collection.
Why don't we get drunk and true?
Alright, sounds like a play of the May 10th, 33th, 27th, 4th, 11th, and 5th, 60th, WQAM.
935, this is the show that puts the Q in QAM.
No question about that.
You're very...
So anyway, last time I get this from David and he's one of those people, I don't know.
Back at the beginning of my space, he was one of these guys that thought he was a real comedian,
you know, and used to like spend stuff that he thought was very funny.
Everybody thinks they're very funny and a real comedian and most of them are not.
Not.
Nice.
Right.
But he's kind of like, I guess, maybe since he got married, I don't know.
I have no idea.
I'll show you probably however he's in St. Petersburg, David.
And this is what he says to me.
And this is not a big, you know, it just sums up what happened on Monday on the show
and kind of like changed my whole attitude about this show, about my life, about this company,
about everything in general.
He says yesterday's show Monday was exhausting to listen to because of those jackasses calling.
It was the worst I've ever heard you.
You sounded like a beaten man.
It is astounding how you can rebound and come right back today, meaning yesterday.
It is astounding, isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, that really not for those of us who know you.
I know you to be very bouncy.
Yeah.
I'm real bound by more bounce to be out.
Yeah.
How can you continue to work for such virtually people as amazing?
But wait until you hear this part of David's voice to show it nothing is perfect.
How you can continue to work for such virtually people as amazing as a testament to your agent
for getting you such a lucrative contract.
Oh yeah.
My agent who I was on the phone with Monday evening for an hour and a half screaming and yelling
and just screeching.
You know, that only once in a blue moon do I do stuff like that.
Just screaming my brain's out.
Have I heard back from him that I get an email, a phone call, a message in a bottle, a bunch
of cold stone creamery from a Rochester.
By the way, I'm not aware of it when Rochester for those, see how I could do that.
Like maybe this weekend I'll take a trip to Rochester just to go eat ice cream.
I cold stone and now I'll come back cold and stone in a box.
But anyway, it's good stuff.
Anyway, he says I remember a time when you had real callers, how far that station has fallen,
keep cashing the checks and trying not to get in, Joanna, kindness, personal regards.
That was not nice?
It's nice.
It's very nice.
Not as nice as stuff I get from some of my other close personal friends on there who are really nice.
You know, you know what I'm talking about.
Right.
I thought you already had a man Joanna.
Better than any rate.
I guess there's not that much sense in talking about what happened here on Monday because it was like I said,
they had, they had, they drew the line in the sand.
They just, just to continue my sanity.
And you know, back when we started with the whole my space thing and all that Jacob business and I came on the year
and totally, totally out of character for me and went through all that personal emotional trauma and crap on the year.
I mean, that was a devastating experience for me.
I don't ask me why, you know.
I won't ask me, huh?
I won't.
Why?
Well, no, because I couldn't give you the answer.
I don't know why that bothered me so much.
I just, I was a novice in that whole thing.
And of course, I was stuck in there just like the thing with the show.
I hang in there and I, you know, continue plotting along and sooner or later you find some really great people on there who turn out to be really great friends and very supportive and like yesterday that helped to turn this whole show around.
Getting, you know, all those messages and all this other pat on the back and we'll slap in the ass and kick in the ass.
And that's what you need sometime.
We go kick in the ass.
Sweat kick in the ass, baby.
Can't hurt especially when you're an old troll like me.
So thanks David.
That was very nice.
Very, very, uh...
Oh, like I said, very nice.
That's what I was trying to say.
When you think?
Yes or what?
You said you sounded like a beaten man.
I think that sums it up pretty well.
I'm in line like I told you yesterday.
There were actually times on Monday.
A couple of times when I just felt like I wanted to get out.
I mean, felt close.
I've talked about it before.
But close to getting up and just walking out of here and saying, okay, it's all yours.
That's it.
Now why would anybody in his right mind?
Of course, that's the opposite.
That's the opposite.
I mean, leave me out on that.
But why would anybody walk away like this guy says from such a lucrative contract at all that money?
Because this company doesn't care enough.
They're the antithesis of hallmark.
You know, hallmarks for a year, a hundred years.
The slogan has been, we care enough to send it.
When you care enough to send it very best to hallmark reading card.
And these people don't care enough to send anything.
Much less the very best.
They won't make an effort.
They won't let the finger.
And so I think it's good that I stopped taking a call for another reason because it gives me time to sit here and just ramble on and just read them and ask that they so virtually deserve.
They're unacceptable as well.
They are totally unacceptable.
And then they don't get it.
They're too stupid and even realize it.
And when Josh Cordis tells me that Johnny Joe Bell took him a lunch a couple weeks ago and sat down and told him how wonderful everything was going here on QAM.
I thought to myself, well, there's only one thing that I saw that.
That's right.
I'm not really sure where we started, who we shoot for.
Maybe Joyce would be a good idea.
Oh, he's threatening Joyce now on the air.
First it was done, sure, when they know it's Joyce.
Right.
That's my choice.
Oh, and not in line with that.
Totally separate topic.
Great.
Oh, brother.
See, I look at that and it's like a sick comedy show.
For it for all the dead and named people and in fact that, you know, we've done all these horrible things,
grow test stuff going on.
For it for that.
It would be, I guess, amusing.
But you look at that and you think to yourself, we're treating.
Oh, yeah, trick-or-treating.
That's what they're doing in Iraq.
Trick-or-treating.
Mostly tricks.
Not good ones either.
945 oats on a full.
So anyway, after Monday, I decided to give the phone a long rest.
Because we've got, you know, and again, it could be amusing.
And I mean, once in a great while, we've had days in the last couple of weeks.
Or, you know, we just did it with the phone line.
There have been some people that had something to say that we either interesting or amusing or laughable or a little chocolate.
But it's not worth it.
It's not worth it.
I'm not going to take 31 years that I've worked in this market and go out like some kind of a fool,
like some kind of a clown with a one share, which is what the station's got to sound well on a way to doing.
And take a look at the people you're talking to.
You wasted your time when there were clearances today talking about the Don and Roberta Sherwood or wherever those people are.
Well, what's even the point?
You could talk to the wall and get a better response.
Or is there any dogs that was doing that auto-erotic behavior whatever it all was?
No. I looked at it, still haven't seen that fact.
Spaz is still looking for it.
I guess maybe the dog is looking for it.
That was one of the most bizarre things I have ever seen.
And I thought I knew something about dogs, you know.
I mean, I had a dog that had a fluffy blanket that he was very affectionate to.
You know, like that.
I don't know how to graph it. He was, yeah.
But this dog was like a poison.
He just got emotionally overwrought, you know.
952 votes on the polls.
Like me on Monday, I got emotionally overwrought.
And I had like a step away step back and take a look at this whole thing and say to yourself,
am I going to let five more ons, five lunatics, a half a dozen, whatever it is, destroy the show,
and destroy my life and my brain, whatever I got left?
And the answer was absolutely not.
No.
I'm not going to do it.
And even if we had to play a music here, you know, like the crying chains.
Paising and chicken, they were so good.
It's really sad that, you know, a group that was so good just, they were hearing gump just like that.
Yeah. Like what?
Just like a raspberry.
Well, I would have been good some raspberries on my ice cream.
Mmm, on my square ice cream.
Wouldn't it?
Yeah, I don't like raspberries.
But why not?
It's, uh, what are the things you don't want to worry about?
I don't like.
You don't like fruit?
No, no. I like all fruit except for raspberries.
Raspberries are great nasty.
I like the answer.
It was whatever it is.
Whatever it is.
That's fine.
Strawberry strawberries are great.
A lot of strawberries.
Blueberries?
You bet.
Blueberries are a little bit more.
Blueberries are a little bit more.
Blueberries are a little much.
You want to hook their berries.
They're like the firm wild blueberry.
They're good.
And the firm ones.
Come on. Blackberries are good.
Oh, yeah.
I want to turn into a racial thing, but man, they're in blackberry.
They are.
You are Neil.
They were watching the game.
They needed another five points to come to the square.
May the best woman win.
God, here's how to win.
And it's easy.
I believe I'm going to win.
And the dark guy Neil may be the winner.
He's a real winner.
You and Neil are this crowd.
Still the final part is going down.
And you're hoping you're that's all but the planet gas is clean enough.
Well, I guess that you win, rule.
I knew you did good for yourself.
Well, some you're statistics now.
And picking random could be wise.
That might get worse.
But just my doubt, you would spend a go when choosing nonsense.
Or just guess that might be smarter.
How much worse are I try?
You ain't done anything at work yet.
Which busy feeling, breaking down.
When much badness comes around.
No one pulling around.
I gotta get back to work.
What's wrong with you?
Get busy.
Okay, I will.
It's 1046-14 before the hour of QA.
I got a decked Thompson article today aren't you excited about that?
Yes, I am.
Well, I don't want people to think that just because I'm shutting the phone down for a while,
for like the next 400 years, that I'm going to sit here and read.
Buh, buh, buh, read the newspaper every day.
That would be way too much.
I don't want to overdo that.
In fact, I'd rather sit here and he'd rank you late.
If I can say that.
Maybe that's what that dog was doing.
That's true.
I keep checking during every break to see if spashing spas has reset me that you...
QA video.
It was very amusing.
Great.
It was astonishing as what it was.
It was shocking, I think.
That would be the word I was shocked.
And then after you think about it, it was amusing.
You know what I mean?
It was like coming into work in this place.
It was shocking.
And then you think about it on payday.
And it's kind of like...
I'm using it.
Well, at least my check did show up on Monday.
That was the good thing that happened on Monday.
I can't think of anything else good, other than I did not jump off the balcony.
Not a good way to do it.
I was totally disfesting that with...
By the way, happy birthday, Dave.
I called our mutual friend yesterday.
And of course, I had forgotten that March 27 was his birthday.
And he said, didn't you call for another reason?
Like after 20 minutes of conversation.
And I thought, say, March, are you happy birthday?
I'm just not really great on some of those things, you know?
I used the old electronic calendar to take my way through.
Do you?
Well, and you'll be pleased to know that all of the cold stone cream your ice cream is certified kosher.
It's kosher?
Oh!
Which I'm sure means it's kosher from Paisos too.
It's not very started to go cold stone, which is generally how he looks anyway.
But every now and then I do have some stuff here that I want to pass along.
Doug Thompson, I'm capital of Hill Blue.
He's one of my very favorite rights because he opens up a mouth and he tells it like it is
and he doesn't hold back.
He doesn't care about the fact that they're going to come and drag his ass away at three in the morning and sunlight.
And we'll never hear from him again.
He says, Senator Chuck Hagle, a conservative Republican who broke ranks with George W. Bush over the failed Iraq war,
says, senators on both sides of the political aisle, not to talk openly, have been peaching the president.
All right.
Any president who says, I don't care, I will not respond to what the people of this country are saying about a rack of anything else.
Or I don't care what the Congress does, I'm going to proceed.
If a president really believes that, then there are what I was pointing out there are ways to deal with that.
Hagle said, someday an ABC's this week would George step on top of us.
Hagle has mentioned impeachment before, but this is the first time that he has said others on the Hill are talking about throwing Bush out on his corrupt ass.
Oh, look at that. Here's a Norman Kemp sending me a message.
Well, listen, that great from my crack agent.
Okay, anyway.
Sadly, Hagle and others may now realize that the only way to deal with a power-mad desperate like Bush is to impeachment.
Bush has made it clear he has no intensive lettering the will of the overwhelming majority of people who want America out of a rack.
He has no intensive obeying the law upholding the Constitution, even displaying an ounce of civil human decency.
Senate Democrats.
Bush is an out of control madman, a crazed zealot driven by lust for power and insane beliefs that he's serving the will of God as he leads a once great nation into the abyss.
He is more dangerous to the security of this nation than any Islam-spout and terrorist or at least in dictator.
The president talks of defeating the axis of evil as himself the embodiment of evil.
Absolutely correct, sir.
The Muslim extremists who call the U.S. a great Satan aren't all that wrong.
We're a nation currently led by a political Satan that devil with a drawl, a satanic cowboy who's taken this country into hell.
Non-binding resolutions won't stop a desperate life.
Bush neither will withdraw time tables that can pass the house, but don't stand a chance in the Senate.
And if by some miracle actually passed, both houses of Congress couldn't overturn a certain veto.
It's too late for political posturing legislative remedies. Bush must be stopped and he must be stopped now.
He must be removed from office by the swiftest legal means possible. That means impeachment.
Absolutely.
Nancy Pelosi must take the shackles off members of her own party who've already drawn up articles of impeachment against Bush.
She must allow those articles to be introduced so the House can send Bush to trial before the Senate.
Yes, I realized that impeaching convicted Bush would hand the presidency over to Vice President Dick Cheney.
The cold, callous master might amongst either record policy, but we must deal with one desperate at a time.
The survival of the nations that stake in that survival may well depend on the swift removal of George W. Bush from orifice before it's too late.
Rights, Doug Thompson, you vote, Dougie, I swam, baby. And boy, we'll send you flowers, okay?
Whenever that funeral is, if they even announce where the hell it is.
Okay, now do you want to show a read this out of here, whatever norma can't hang on?
You're fairing.
You bet. Let's bring everybody inside.
Now let's see. What is this to me? Oh, this is from Joe Bell.
This is the response from Charlie, Joe Bell.
I'll also be glad to prime you.
I'll be late today, early tomorrow, before I can put this together.
I'm leaving the station where we turn until mid-delayed afternoon.
Feel free to call on me if you want to discuss.
Absolutely nothing.
Absolutely positively nothing.
It'll be late today, I guess, that I'm assuming yesterday.
Or early tomorrow, before I can pull this together.
Yeah, pull this, Joe.
Charlie, Joe.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bop, and nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
I could have easily on Monday, seriously, just gotten up and walked out of here,
and thrown 31 years down the toilet.
And this is the kind of management.
This is the kind of concern that Beasley Broadcasting and Charlie Joe Bell,
who would know a talk show from his ass.
This is the kind of concern that these people have.
It's like wearing a jockstrap.
It's like sliced at the ass end, and just didn't hold nothing together.
I mean, not going to get much support from that, baby.
See how he noticed how I sneak this board from out of there?
Aha, jockstrap.
See, I know well outside my butt asses buttered on.
987 votes on the poll.
So that was very informative, Norma, told me absolutely nothing that I don't already know.
And that is that they don't care, and they're not going to do anything.
And I'll just continue funding my way along and taking the money.
That's all I can do.
That's all we can do here at WDQN because these people, as they say in Ethiopia,
a Gornish health and man, nothing helps.
988 on the poll were going to be dangerously close to a thousand by the end of this hour.
Wow.
Holy rat man.
Holy rosh man.
And how come all those are nosh man?
You know that that's my name in Hebrew nosh man?
Did you know that?
No, I did not.
Well now you do.
Let's start calling that.
Can you say anything about a clock and you learn something?
Move in for a move in portante and informative on this show.
And the price was right too.
It was free for all your mouth contents out there.
Oh, jeaniel.
When's George coming out of the closet now?
Sam old tired crap.
You know, so boring that it could put a Mexican jumping bean into a deep coma for a
under a carry shybo like coma for a thousand years.
But anyway, here's the poll result so far.
And this poll is not exciting either.
And now all of a sudden this one's frozen.
It's like going to the damn bend is to get and we keep getting frozen man.
988.
I thought we'd be zooming up to a thousand real like lickety split.
Or I can't say that.
lickety split.
Yeah.
Good joys and see.
Take it Joe Bellover shows up again.
For a million dollars I would I hate this poll is up to 15% 149.
That's just going to be a nasty is what that is.
That's the self-photo fn way.
Just be a nasty.
Assuming of course that I really care about that.
I don't care if 90% said I hate this poll because far be it for me to have to ask.
Do you like it?
Like their permission whether they're going to like the poll before I put it on there or not.
Too bad.
We just go ahead and stick it on there and if you like it or not.
For a million dollars I would vote Republican 122 no chance.
Four years after this war began.
Give up my favorite food for a year 112.
That would be a good incentive.
I think I can give up ice cream for a million dollars for a year.
And it would probably keep me alive for a while too.
Work at WQA I'm 106.
I not have sex for a year 100 for million bucks.
I don't know.
I think that's just not enough.
Maybe for like a hundred million.
And of course at my stage of life when you get to be disabled you can't afford to be like passing up a whole year.
If you're something on punk you know for a year I guess.
Wasn't that the movie that Joshua what's his name was in the one from Halloween part 85?
Hartinent.
Okay.
40 days and 49's and 40 whatever.
He's in on much for million dollars I would not have sex for a year 100 have gay sex 93.
And like I said I'll do that for free.
Right here in the studio women South Florida 82 kill some people 68 not view porn for a year 65.
Likely story.
Maybe a hundred million not smoke for a year 54 I guess George couldn't do that.
I'll depend on what we're talking about smoke.
Not smoke for your 54 and get married 37.
Now let's see I'm trying to figure this out for million dollars I get married 37.
So that being on the bottom that's in other words that's the worst choice.
93 would have gay sex before they get married 37.
I'm trying to figure maybe that's why they hate to pull they can't figure out what that means.
That's the idea.
Because in other words for the more votes that it's got for million dollars I would do.
Yeah the least votes that's got is mean it's the least likely they would do.
I'm trying to figure it out myself.
Okay let's take a look at that schedule no Marlin game today which is really kind of when you come down with my keeping audience
to you know through the afternoon.
We got mad dog at two power hour with the hand can the mad dog together four to five the Humper at the Yenters Center.
Wow.
At the bank Atlantic Center and let's see isn't that that's the Yenters Center isn't that's the Panther place.
Am I right?
I can't keep them straight anymore.
Yeah I don't even know.
Chris.
Yes.
Hank is going to be doing sure that's because we got a Panther game today is there any interest?
Are the Panthers going to make the playoffs today of any chance to make a playoffs?
No.
No the at least crack the crack out of a Caroline and Montfayl one last night.
The Panthers have two chances of making the playoffs.
None and much much much much much much much much much much much much less than none zero.
No.
No.
But anyway the Panther preview with seven o'clock Panthers and the thrashers from Atlanta 730 ought to be tremendous interest in that.
Followed by game night with Jesse Agar after the hockey game all the way till midnight before we go by by go betty by.
And then the SPN radio at midnight when we invite everybody to say so long it's transmitter maintenance time.
The Roger Show.
2006 votes.
This is your playing.
Do you like any questions?
I didn't know they hate the polls.
It's not that they know.
And they hate it.
We'll say like it.
Morning.
I'm going to give a round of applause for Senna and the lion.
Help us to meet up.
What should we do when we play the rental media?
Better kind of roll every crime to miss the leaders.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come to meet up.
It's not what you say.
I have only the leaders but then the crack is sent me to see now.
No mind how seen and change these things
Well be gentle to fight before you leave me
No, I'm gonna leave you
No mind, no mind, no mind, no
My friend will choose just a fantasy
I'm your assistant and the wirehouse of some peanut
Bush is wishing to play the little peanut
Better kind of want every friend's in this peanut
There's your sub peanut
I'm your assistant and the wirehouse of some peanut
Bush is wishing to play the little peanut
Better kind of want every friend's in this peanut
There's your sub peanut
Here's his sub peanut
It's 11.15.60 W.A.M.
Barry Lando
Who the hell is that?
He's former producer with 60 minutes
And he's just published a book
Web of the Seat, the history of Western complicity in Iraq
From Churchill to Kennedy to George W. Bush
And here's another glad I think might be of some interest to people who are
You know, I think this is more important than dancing with the stars
Although nothing is more important than that, is it?
Who know what is?
Dancing with the stars
I wonder if Ronnie Reagan Jr. the ballet dancers on there
Hey Ronnie!
You're fairing
Brids in the Gulf, what we don't know, right?
It's Barry Lando
As always our mainstream media is, you know, I just got through reading
I'm interrupting myself, I'll get back to it a second
I just got through reading the original email that Norma sent to Jolly Joba
And that was today by the way, that was not yesterday, that was today
So Jolly Joba is out until late this afternoon in the tomorrow and the beat goes on
In other words, there's, you know, he's got another fish to fry
As always our mainstream media is low to be putting all sides to it
It's a bit difficult to put this footage that's former accomplished and our leaders led on
Despite Tony Blair's adamant denial that the 15 British sailors and Marines
Captured by the Iranians were intruding in Iranian waters
Commodore Nick Lambert, who headed the Naval Task Force was by No Means is categorical
There was absolutely no doubt in my mind that they were in Iraqi territorial waters
He said that then in the statement he probably now regressed he continued
Equally the Iranians may walk through him that they were in their territorial waters
The extended definition of territorial waters in this part of the world is very complicated
Britain's former ambassador to Uzbekistan, Craig Murray, who has become a vocal critic
of the war in Iraq after setting Commodore Lambert's statement wrote, before people get
too carried away, the following is worth bearing in mind.
I wrote as a former head of the maritime section of the foreign and Commonwealth office, the
Iranians claimed the British soldiers had straight into Iranian territorial waters.
If they had, then the Iranians had every right to detain them for questioning.
The difficulty is that the maritime delimitation in northwest of the Persian Gulf between
Iraq and Iran has never been resolved.
It's not there for a question of just checking your GPS to see where you are, this is a
perfectly legitimate dispute in which nobody has especially had fought.
There's nothing outlandish about Iranian claims, and we have no right in law to be boarding
a Iranian or other shipping, and what might well be Iranian waters.
The UN Convention on Law of the Sea carries a heavy presumption on the right of commercial
vessels to innocent passage, especially this through the straits like Hormuz and in both
territorial and international waters.
You probably won't read this elsewhere in these jingoistic times, but in international
law, we are very properly in the wrong, you said, as long as the Iranians need to mistreat
our Marines and are woefully detain them too long, they have the right.
Murray also advises the Iranians to speedily release the captured sailors.
The issue however will be even more difficult to resolve if indeed the capture of the
Brits was connected to the ongoing detention of five Iranians from the elite, Al-Quds Brigade
of the Iran Revolutionary Guard.
The London-based Arabic newspaper Al-Shark al-Answat, quoted an un-nated military source
close to the Al-Quds Brigade, has saying the seizure of the two-well British patrol had
been planned at high-level days in advance.
The aim said the report was to take captives to exchange for the senior Al-Quds officers
arrested by U.S. forces in the abrol in northern Iraq on January 11, 2007.
According to another report, an Iranian diplomat claimed he had been told that the five would
not be released prior to the Iranian New Year they were not.
As I mentioned in an earlier post-Berry, right?
Iraqi authorities have also been asking for Americans to release the captured Iranians.
Kurdish authorities who condemn the arrests claimed the Al-Quds officers were operating
with the approval of the local Kurdish government.
If the U.S. and the dissabiliates that those Al-Quds officers were engaged in the various
activities, why don't they present that evidence?
They've been holding them in Ausage January.
Problem now, of course, is to find a solution that will provide the Iranians the Brits and
the Americans a face-saving way out of a confrontation that risks escalating to a much more
serious crisis, a crisis that will be welcomed by a extremist in both Washington and Tehran.
There's Hank again.
Multiple sensitive.
On CNN, wow.
What is saying about multiple organisms or something like that?
That was incredible.
2017 votes on the polls, such as it is.
See, I'm tempted again.
Forced to have it.
I almost started giving those numbers out again.
Wouldn't that be a bad idea?
Yeah, it would be.
Well, no, I'm not asking, like, as if I'm chewing on a chain of cotton, I'm just telling
you that right up front.
But I read that stuff there from Norma Kent and Joe Bell, and you know what it's like?
It's like what that dog was doing, you know?
Well, what about me?
Yeah, it's like what the dog was doing without any pleasurable sensation.
That's the problem.
At least the dog was having a good time.
But it's like what he was doing with the same end result, not much of anything.
Yeah, that's right.
I mean, the blind leading the blind, of course, you know, it would be one thing if this was
like some kind of a new phenomenon, if this started on Monday on a show, and this is the first
time that anybody had heard about this.
How many eons has this been going on?
Who did that song?
How long has this been going on?
Ace?
Yeah, very good.
Ace, yeah, Ace.
How long?
I love that.
You got it?
Yeah, look at it.
You are as they say in America, my Ace in the hole.
Remember that there was more bad acting by you?
I got it right up my A5 or A3.
Ace.
Hole.
I see.
I have a son in the hole.
There are another one that I want to hit wonder, I think.
I see.
I see.
How long?
What do you guess the ear?
It's for fun.
I have a 60-inch grin saw at G75.
70-inch.
I know it.
Way off.
Way off.
How long?
As they say in New York, how long has this been going on?
Anybody who can talk to this rabbit, you're Ricky Tiki sitting up here, who's laughing up his sleeve.
What a surprise.
How long has this been going on?
Yeah, just sometimes that made myself.
When the stonish shot was great.
I think that was shocking.
It'll be on the front page of the New York Times and Washington Post the LA Times tomorrow.
And maybe even whatever they're printing in Moscow these days.
That'll be on the front page of the international hero tribune.
Rive just talks up a song he hasn't heard in a hundred years older than Saddust.
How long has this been going on?
Anyway, my point being that this is a situation in fact.
Somewhere over here I've got copies.
Maybe I schmit can.
I think I threw them out because I got so disgusted.
I'm pretty sure I threw it all out.
Of those silly letters that they sent out.
If you don't stop doing this, we're going to like come and pee on your lawn or something.
If you don't cut the crap, you know, it's very juvenile.
These are not serious business people.
Do you know what I mean?
These are not people serious about doing business.
They're just floating their way, faking their way through.
They're assuming, especially this current regime, that because they came in and knew we had numbers.
And the show was like doing eights and nines and tens sometimes in men.
And like a manager and a hank once upon a time before they screwed the whole line up up.
We're doing really good numbers.
They assume that they could just like take the pieces of the puzzle, put it all back together again.
And but a bain like that, you know, but a bain like Santina would say.
Good luck and make magic.
Well, I think it rhymes with magic, but I think it's called tragic is what they've done.
Trajic.
And I'm the one guy that comes here on the air and tells you exactly the way that it is.
I mean, believe you me, I wish that it weren't.
I wish I didn't have to sit here and talk such crap.
And not do the show that I would like to do and that we ought to be doing, but of course we can't do it because this is WQAM.
We can't get it done.
And we're thinking about this and thinking about that.
And of course, Joe, when he sits in the magic room, he can't decide which hand to use to wipe with
because he's got a pass it by Joyce first.
We got to pass it by corporate legal first.
Is it legal to wipe with your right hand on Wednesday or what you're left in?
Or maybe alternating on Wednesdays, huh?
You're laughing, but you know what I'm saying is that.
Yeah, no, that's why I'm laughing.
Paper tiger.
Double me without a kingdom.
And as a result, we're spinning our wheel.
We're spinning our wheel.
Maybe we ought to have work in SUDZON with a wheel of meat.
Spin that wheel, baby.
Those are the days.
Trust me when I tell you, those are the days.
And of course, look what we got now.
Pop had whatever we had there.
I was going to say Disney, but that would be bad.
Talking about Mike Disney, not Walt.
Thousands and twice we vote on the pool.
Let's take a look at that result, man.
And they hated it.
Miles under 15%.
I guess that's going to be our goal today.
We don't really have any number of votes that we really care about getting to.
Because, you know, who cares about that?
That's old and corny.
What we do care about is getting that I hate this pool under 15%.
I mean, 15% is a lot.
When you say, okay, that is the one.
It's embarrassing to me.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with a pool.
I think it's a fine pool.
It's fine.
And then speaking of that, it's a woodbine Wednesday.
So be sure and change that pool this afternoon.
I already thanks to Terry right and early this morning.
Let's see if they want to put on here for tomorrow's any good.
Oh, yeah, I do like this when Neil show ends early because of Marlon's baseball.
I blank and it's got a whole bunch of choices.
Smash my radio with a hammer, sit in the dark room and pout.
And it's got a bunch of other good choices.
That's a good pool.
And then they'll say, we hate it.
We hate it.
We hate everything.
We hate being alive, Neil.
Because we're here.
We're stuck here, yeah.
Well, that's the way it goes.
Some of you are doing okay.
And most of you are not.
For a million dollars I would, I hate this pool 152, 14.8%
A dastardly number if you ask me.
Dastardly.
What's the difference between bastardly and drastardly?
Oh, one is a little bit more Sunday appropriate.
Vote Republican 127 for a million bucks.
Not this kid.
No chance in my pants.
Give up my favorite food for your 120.
Maybe even give up ice cream.
Sugar.
Mmm, well, that's score.
That virus score is so good.
Have you ever had that?
I think I might have.
Mmm.
For a million dollars I'd work at QA.
I'm 107.
Not too long, you would, though.
Oh, there's those 100 immigrants coming up on shore.
They're in a Helen Dale Beach.
Well, when they realize how, how young they are compared to
everybody else, they'll turn around and go back.
When I see that sea of blue here, for a million dollars I'd not
have sex for a year 105.
I'd have gay sex 99.
Live in South Florida 84.
Kill some people 74.
Now, if you're porn for your 65, yeah, we believe you.
Not.
And not smoke for your 55.
Get married only 37 for a million dollars.
I think George must be leading the charge on that deal.
I didn't vote for that.
No, no, but you just, what did you vote for?
Kill some people.
Oh.
I'm not doing that for free.
What do you really?
I don't start picking on anybody in particular.
Otherwise they're going to be called court.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know if that's what they are like.
They're going on the radio and saying these days.
Why you jealous of me?
Because why is it when everybody knows?
People have to call you in the show and you know,
and try to give the audience a good hand on that.
In a bet.
Anyway, try.
12 minutes passed 11 at 2 a.m.
Don't dumb ass dirt.
And who may I ask as the father?
You had a big day for a long, long time.
There's no circus here, Mike.
Rancy.
Your brave people are standing in line.
Well, when you kick the bucket,
a Howard and Larry cry.
They don't handle themselves pretty well.
There's going to get any limb,
even though Howard tried.
It's a bumpy ride like the old well.
Gonna do a bunch of tests
to find out who's the father.
I'm going to review this.
Get your DNA
from a chicken box.
Every day has a new adventure.
The old van used to buy you rings.
Wrinkly dudes with lots of blame.
You will weary all of greed.
There's more drugs than a pharmacy.
Get your DNA.
From a chicken or box.
It's crazy.
One.
You gotta open the box.
Two.
Get your DNA from a box.
Three.
You gotta close the box.
This is how we do it.
Chicken a box.
I thought that's what we were talking about last week.
That the Chick-fil-A in a box.
Whatever that was all about.
By the way, speaking of a box,
they're starting with the Poison Fumes again.
All right.
And now we're talking.
It's like a breed to begin with.
It's been extra special today.
How long is it going to take for?
I don't know.
This is going to take for them to finish.
The largest of my men.
Jesus.
God and Joseph are crying out loud.
It's like some kind of a freaking conspiracy.
They're back up on the roof again.
And God only knows what some kind of pro-writz are doing up on the roof.
I'll tell you that right now.
How to be tart and feathered if you ask me.
Maybe that's what the tarz all about.
Maybe we're tearing and feathering the rest.
Maybe they got Joe Bell up there on the roof.
They're going to hang him up there.
I climb right up to the top of the stairs.
I should just play the crying James rest of the car.
Yeah, I agree.
Well, what do you mean by that?
Is that way I can turn the mic off and just sit here and cry.
Or leave.
Just leave.
Go out in the hallway and get some fresh air.
I'm sure it's no better out there.
Where did this come from all of us?
I don't know.
The whole deal was over and done.
Yeah, so did I.
So did I.
Surprise.
It goes along with the ambience.
But go and tell Joe Bell all about it.
Yeah, yeah.
It's not there.
He doesn't care.
Anyways, I guarantee it's not in his office.
In fact, it changed the vibe of the over.
And remember when we had the crud at IOD, the management types didn't really care because it wasn't happening in their orifice.
So they could sit in the comfort of their air conditioned orifice and not be choking and gagging and puking and dying.
And what was happening with us, they don't care about us.
That's the bottom line.
Okay.
Any of you out there, if you work for somebody that actually cares about you as a living and breathing human being,
I think even if you're only making life force that an hour, I think you ought to kiss the ground right now.
Kiss it.
Like Bubble would say, kiss it, man, right now.
Because most of the people you work for, they just don't care about you.
You're a means to an end.
They are pimping your life.
Is it what they're doing?
Is that a good way to put it?
Sure.
Yeah.
The turning you in your existence on the planet.
And since we all have a limited existence, seriously, my life is something.
I came within a whisker.
Even you don't realize how close I am.
I'm not talking about jumping over to about it.
I'm just, no, no.
Hey, listen, I've never even gotten out there yet.
Much less stucker.
Look at the reeling.
I'm afraid of heights.
I really am.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I told you that story.
I don't know why it started at Hazel Park Race Track in Detroit.
And I was up on one of the upper floors and I was standing over by the reeling and looking down and all of a sudden I got really dizzy.
And what happens when you have that, what do they call that, fear of heights?
Acrophobia.
Acrophobia?
Is that it?
Yes.
Are you positive?
Are you sure?
Well, whatever it is.
I'm going to look down as they're getting dizzy.
And when that happens, you have to resist the urge to jump.
I know it sounds very strange.
Because you're supposed to be scared and terrified of the height and you're looking down.
Oh, gee, I'm going to fall.
But you have an urge to jump.
And you hold on to the rating we heard and you're squeezing that metal so hard that it's the shards of metal are like getting into the palms of your hands, you know?
That sound really dramatic.
Okay.
I think it must have been after a really bad boat race at Hazel Park.
But whatever the reason was, I was looking down and I got really dizzy.
And from that day on, I had never had fear of heights before my life.
But from that day on, I became really nervous about it.
And I remember one time after that, going to New York City and of course anybody goes to New York and I took a couple of friends, whatever.
And we go to the top of the Empire State Building.
Now, have you ever been up to the top of the Empire State Building?
Almost to the top and we went.
As far as they would let us go on that.
That's what I'm talking about.
I'm not talking about on top of the antennas when you get ready to jump like that.
Yeah, that was a balancing on top of the antenna.
No, I'm talking about it as far as they let you go.
Yeah, yeah, where they got a little in that.
They had those very high, whatever you'd call metal railing protector.
Yeah, and netting.
But boy, I've said that was not a good experience for me.
I didn't look.
Oh, I kept looking at it a long way down.
Here's the fact that says, Neil God, I'm still listening, but I think you weaved out your good colors.
Wow.
Oh, yeah, here we go.
This is what I need.
You weaved out your good colors.
When were those in?
When you would get an actual quality to cut the conversation short because it was used on some topic you're tired of,
the war ended the cool, Vegas amps to them.
But the news is only showing us bullshit, the same crap over and over again.
So maybe you get less interesting calls, but mix it in with a few cranks and some bedtime stories.
You got a good balance.
And then at the bottom, what does it say something about man cow?
What does that say?
I can't read it.
Go mad.
I don't know what the hell it says on there.
Go gators.
Yeah, what about hell it says on there?
To you, okay?
Yeah, I weaved out the good colors.
That's right.
Both of them.
And these people like it.
And like even in the midst of Monday, that jerk that goes, Neil, we need to have you on the air because
the propaganda and the right wing it.
Yeah, right.
I mean, that's just as ass-nine as the people are calling going, hey, pro that.
It's just as ridiculous.
Don't you understand how stupid that is?
My being on the air has got to change something.
The war in Iraq is going to end because I'm sitting here talking to a bunch of mouth-breathing jackass
ace holes.
Are you out of your mind or what, huh?
No.
Well, there you go.
Get a grip on reality, man.
Get a grip on it.
I like that dog.
And I keep looking out for that spaz guy on there and he hasn't tried to send that thing again.
That's happening to me, not a lot of times, but there are a few times when somebody will send me something from you.
Shoo!
A video.
And I'll approve it.
And then it won't go through.
And then the little thing will come out and say, there was a technical difficulty in approving whatever you were trying to approve, you know.
Like that.
That was that a my-space thing?
Is that a sense of anything?
I don't know about that.
How can they censor it?
They can't be reading it.
Exactly.
When they do the regular maintenance on pages, that's when they take out offensive things, but not before the fact.
I mean, they don't have like a cyber-sense.
Yeah, I mean, exactly.
There's not somebody there watching it while you're watching it and laughing your ass off.
And that would have been fun to put on.
It was a funny thing.
I'm sure the dog thought it was fun, too.
Evidently, he seemed very enthusiastic.
A thousand and fifty-eight votes on the pool.
Yeah, that fact was very illuminating and very uplifting and stick it away to Moon-No-Chine.
Okay?
In fact, Joe Bell says you can wipe with both hands.
He gives you his personal permission.
How do you like that?
It ain't going to happen.
I'll take phone calls on issue again when we've taken care of a problem.
And like I said, it's seen before.
Just like line one being offered two years.
I mean, does that show you how fast these people are on top of these things?
And Joe Bell tells Norma Kent.
Norma Kent was one of the worst weaklings in the history of the human race.
Norma, it's embarrassing to me.
You want to be there sitting at Joe Bell's desk right now, pounding on the door, screaming and yelling.
Like the screamer that you are.
You're fair, right?
I'm thinking about you, babe, I'll take whatever, I'll take the money, you know.
Just butt out.
That's my best suggestion.
Just butt out, because it's gonna change.
I'll do it.
I'll survive.
How many months?
I remember that time when I went seven months when I decided to get rid of the calls.
We did fine, the ratings were fine.
Life was good.
The show was like a real show. What we had here on Monday, just like that David guy sent, you know the David guy that got married
Right. And his life is probably ruined forever now. Yes, but anyway, just like he said in there
Monday was the low point of my I would say of all the years have been on the air and we've had some you know
There's some bad shows every now and then you can't help it
Not on my end though. Of course, I'm always brilliant and legendary
But on the other end the one year in South Florida the material just isn't always there. It's weak
It's like El Martino's voice
But Monday I think was it was as low as you can go and that's why I just decided shut that baby off and we'll see if these people
Already wanted to talk turkey or you know if they're just fun and I think that's all we're doing is just fun
They can't be serious
They cannot possibly be serious
It's just like when a guy first came in. I remember last year. It's a little over a year ago
About 15 months I would say and remember how long before they did anything and I kept screaming and waiting about
What are they going to do something before the numbers drop into the minus column?
What are they going to finally realize that we've got a major serious problem?
Remember that right? It's a good thing they fixed all that
Yeah, after the audience was all gone and they said hey, maybe we'll put some on where they belong to be on priest with problems
Look at that story that's unusual. We priest with problems. I never heard of such a thing
Not the priest that's got problems. It's society that's got the problems because society doesn't approve of what they're doing
That's the problem if society would just say hey you go ahead and alter all the boys you want pops then everything would be just fine as
Why?
Things would be really nice. That's right. So society has the problem
Just like Joe Bell would probably say there's no problem with
Q.A. M. or their management kneels the one with a problem and then of course that damn George
If we could just just get through the summertime with a few of those good tapes and bypassed your problem
1 0 6 and you know something when when we had the lunch and he kept bringing the thing up about the tapes
Mm-hmm and Norma kept talking about me extending my deal but only working four days a week and on Friday
You would work and he kept bringing up the thing about the tapes
Then I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt. I was sitting across the table from a certifiably crazy person. God
Now back to the Kenny and both yo on five six feet you ate
Your homo headquarters for the speech impaired
Holy dude, we got JJ on the fold
Okay, but first I want to say hi to my mommy
Mommy look your stuff goes on the radio again
Well
I got to use that pick up over here
And all times is pooh okay, so you can go home now. I said go home now
Special guest bring me back who's it play for oh he's not there sports related in that guy
Then who is he and like I said the baby co-pull will be joining us to
We have to discuss and the heart break this snorry. There is a cop over
co-pull like Ted co-pull it's co-pull
That couple couple will be on tomorrow. Whoa look we have on the line. It's poopy pinball
You
It's uh the big hand is on the 12 part top
And a little hand is on
Yeah, I think it's
Tell me a light
Oh, I love that you know what else I love
I
Make it sounds my mouth
I make sounds
I make sounds with my mouth I make it out with my mouth
I make it
I
God
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I want to play to enjoy.
All right.
That's a little preview of the new morning show starting on Monday.
If a new and improved Kenyan morning show, it's going to be a ballbuster.
1077 on a pool.
We're going to have 1100.
No time what we're going to do day Chris, because we've got a full four hours.
1078.
Look at that.
They're coming in.
They're pouring in by the ones.
And there's no sense in bemoaning our fate and sitting here.
I'm not going to do that four hours every day.
Just for a few months, you know.
But not every day.
Maybe just an alternate Wednesdays.
We're buying Wednesday.
I don't send to an enthusiast about it.
Am I?
Because I'm due for like, you know, if I would win a jackpot today, like 166 grand on a dollar machine, that would be good.
Or like on the five dollar machine, if I wanted to $366 grand, which they've never paid it out even once in five years.
That doesn't both very well for what's going to happen.
Or the $649 lottery night, if I already played it.
I got my tickies in the other room.
If I win the 25 million tonight, and of course that's a check.
That's a no punches pooled baby.
They write you out a check.
No taxes.
No deductions.
No annuities.
No BS.
No games like they play in Florida with that phony baloney lottery crap.
They write you out a check.
And so it's Canadian currency.
I'll take 86 bucks on 86 cents and 25 million wouldn't you?
Okay.
And if I win the 25 million, then I'm going to be down there on a plane tomorrow.
I'm going to start spreading it around just like old John D Rockefeller, man.
I'm going to start throwing dimes at everybody.
That's what he used to do.
He used to stand on three corners and out dimes at the slippers to show off how much money he had.
Ooh, hey big spender.
Big spender, baby.
Mary Shaw writes anti gay racist emails from an army recruiter.
Another one of those gay stories.
From the tax dollars at work file, she says,
Cory Andrew of New Jersey posted his resume at careerbuilder.com, like many of us have done from time to time.
One of the responses he received was from a U.S. Army recruiter.
Andrew wasn't interested in joining the army, but instead of ignoring the overture,
he was spotted by asking the recruiter, Sergeant Marsha Ramodi,
if he was eligible to serve since he was a gay man.
I'm glad he decided to go there because the ensuing exchange shed some light on a serious problem.
And this comes so soon after General Peter Pace's homophobic comments.
Coincidence?
Question mark?
In any case, oh, and you have to click here.
There's a link to it for a very good blog post that goes into some granular detail about this, and be outraged.
Sergeant Remote wrote and sent these emails using an official army email address.
According to an article about the case in the Jersey Journal,
if an applicant makes a statement that he or she is homosexual,
the recruiter must inform the applicant in a professional manner that they're not eligible for enlistment.
Key words in a professional manner.
Does anyone believe that remotes tirades were communicated in a professional manner and it's got to link again and says them guess again?
And since one of my best friends is married to a native American,
one thing in particular struck me upon reading remote's emails,
she identifies herself as a native American even as she insults Andrew for being gay.
Actually, as I understand it, in native American culture,
gays and lesbians are held in high esteem.
I didn't know that, did you?
No, I didn't.
It is believed that they embody both mail and female spirits,
and that's a really cool and vegetable thing in their culture and understandably so.
I embody both mail and female spirits.
I'm sure it depends on the tribe.
You know, there were 500 of them.
Hey, you better watch yourself, you damn.
Sergeant Mona Pierce have some very deep and very serious issues to deal with.
I hope she'll get some help and eventually find peace.
I should have probably clicked out the link on all that.
I could still do that.
I could do it.
But I'm not going to do that.
I wonder how the gay Indian spoke a peace pipe.
182 votes on the poll.
Why do you tear those things up, Neal?
Why do you do that in the back?
Why can't you just give a shredder?
I remember that guy.
That was another good call.
Oh, God.
You've weeded out the good callers, Neal, because you won't give them enough time to talk their intellectual garbage about the war on Iraq and all other important stuff and about our gay governor.
All these important things.
Look, you could write a book of just stupid quotes that you've heard on the phone and it would be a seller.
Nobody would believe it.
They think you were making it all up.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, look at this conservative Jewish seminary who will outgaze.
The seminary, which is considered to be the Fagship Institute of Conservative Judaism, has decided to begin accepting gay and lesbians after scholars who guide the movement lifted the ban on gay ordination.
Hallelujah.
Arnold Eisen.
Mr. Eisen.
Incoming Chancellor for the Jewish Theological Seminarion, Monday said the decisions made after extensive discussion with students and survey on views of the issues within the movement and the school's trustees.
The larger issue has been how we can remain true to our tradition to Holocaust, Jewish law in particular, to all those bubble-mysies while staying fully responsive at Merst, Narz society and culturalizing.
He listened to a lot and ate some creplach.
Okay?
Have a couple of matzeballs, baby.
That'll make you Jewish.
If you've got real matzeballs, then you're Jewish in my book, especially if you're circumspect and circumsized.
It's Jewish enough for me.
The conservative branch holds the middle ground in American Judaism.
Of course, the larger and more liberal reform Jewish movement, as well as reconstructions where it allows gay to become rabbis.
The Orthodox, of course, bans, gays and women from ordination.
The Orthodox, the far-bissen.
The far-bition, the real serious getskies, man.
The ones that forced their kids to walk around with a beanie on their heads, so all the other kids will point out,
and look at Bobby, he's got a beanie on him.
Like that.
Just like the Muslims with him, then, well, you see in Montreal now, there were a bunch of Muslim women wanting to go vote without lifting their veil.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, and they said, uh-uh, we don't think so, okay?
Even Jerry Veil, I could have opened here without showing his puts.
Maybe they could wear a see-through veil, you know?
Yeah.
I think they made him some veil thrills and said, cut the crap, okay?
We're going to send you back to Osami and mama.
Send it back to Saudi Arabia, while the other terrorists are.
1084, man.
Christ, Christ, I was this morning.
I don't know what that was all about.
You think you're going to actually get in my will by doing things like that?
Nope.
By kissing, kissing, kissing like that?
No, that's okay.
See?
It was genuine.
What do you mean by that?
He had, I think this is, you know, he's not used to going back and forth and working with other people and having the, you know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
So like once you've worked on this show for a while and then you go back to the other world, then you really,
we have to reach on the ship, we have to physically go to the studio and shake the host by the shoulders and say, take that break, dammit, you, any of you, quizzling, you, you, uh,
You're fair like that.
It looks like they're landing a 747 and everything but the flashlights are out, you know?
What are the flashlights that you sometimes do?
Yeah.
Well flash this.
I still don't have that dog thing, dammit.
It's Paul Harvey, standby for news.
Abigail McGillin, an elderly woman, answered a knock at the door one day only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner.
I'll say it again.
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner.
Good morning, said the man if I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners.
Go away, said Abigail, I haven't gotten any might.
And she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open.
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail.
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.
With that he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet.
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet matum, I will personally eat the remainder.
Abigail stepped back and chuckled and said, well I hope you've got a damn good appetite because they cut off my electricity this morning.
Paul Harvey.
All right.
Good day.
I like that.
Fourteen they'll know maybe you had a hearty appetite, you never know.
Maybe he was just hoisting around.
Ten ninety one on the pool, thousand ninety one votes will have 112 shakes of a lambs tail.
And you know something, I don't have any problem with this.
Do you have a problem with it?
With what?
For the way the show is now.
No.
We had a star show yesterday in our grant, it was abbreviated and of course we had a lot of help out there from some of my correspondence out there on radio land with the cold stone creamery and whatever else we were babbling about.
What else did we were talking about yesterday?
Mostly food.
That's right.
Oh yeah, that was a great article by the way, centered from the science for public interest, whatever that was.
With all those big, and you know the thing about the cheesecake factory is this.
I was thinking about this in the shower this morning, goes to show you me in my gluttony, even after you knew it was nice to me.
No seriously, the name of that restaurant is not good.
I'm sure they do a phenomenal business and you tell me that you can never get in there and it's always packed.
But that's just a bad name for a restaurant.
You are correct.
Yeah.
Because I was telling one of my friends about that the other day and he said to me, oh my you know I really like cheesecake and I thought to myself, well because it's named the cheesecake factory doesn't mean that's what people go there to eat.
It's just, you know, it's their famous for desserts I guess and gigantic oversized everything, but it's a restaurant.
Right?
Right.
Now did you ever actually get seated in there?
I mean get served and you get up and walk out.
No.
We're hungry and we'd already put that time in so eventually you get served.
But, you know, both times it was the same thing and it isn't getting a seat that's the problem.
It's getting anyone to notice that you have gotten a seat.
Well, I would like blow off a like a big balloon and something like that.
Oh, you know, you get somebody's attention.
You say, hey, we've been sitting here for half an hour.
No one's noise makers.
They have it in parties, you know.
And they say, oh, we'll send somebody right over and then nothing happens.
They didn't say which year though.
Right.
So tell me about the food though.
Because it's just a bad name for a restaurant.
The food had been good.
They don't need any help from me because they're like making money hand over a limperist.
But it just is a stupid name for a restaurant.
Right.
The food would have been good if it had gotten to us in the hours they made it.
Now, when you listen, when you stop, when you stop, when you stop.
I'm telling you we got it on.
We got it on.
We got it on.
What is it that they have?
I had so much shrimp dish.
They have all kinds of stuff.
It's like, you know, fun, fancy foods.
It's kind of like a TGI Fridays but a higher scale.
Hmm.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah.
I know the food would have been good if we had gotten it in our lifetime.
It was cold and stiff.
The fries were petrified.
You could have built that house again.
Cold and stiff, man.
There's nothing like cold and stiff.
Yeah, no.
That's me.
That is me.
Monday, Monday afternoon about 130.
I could have been cold and stiff.
I could have been laid right out there in the balcony.
Although the sun is shining.
Now, yesterday we got up almost to 70 here.
I do believe.
And I'm taking a look now.
This whole business is about spring.
See, spring is one of those.
Now today, like it's 45.
It's going to make it all the way to 48 today.
That's such a big deal.
Friday, sunny and 50.
And then Saturday all the way down to 40, which is 40.
See, that's the way it is.
Up and down, up and down.
That's the spring time up north.
A little variety for you.
As opposed to like sunny and 80 every day.
And getting ready for like another month or two, like, you know, sunny and 100 every day.
And like 99% humidity.
Stuff like that.
Not that I'm knocking that.
But you see the fun I make to know about what a dumb ass name that is because it leads you to believe that it's...
I don't know what I never...
I just never took it seriously.
Like that would be a restaurant.
It's got an industrial sunny name.
It sounds like a place that makes cheesecakes and not a restaurant.
Yeah.
But I understand that the pieces of cheesecakes are like a pound of piece.
They're just huge.
They've never got that far.
The slices of cheesecakes they bring in like, and then of course they also sell the cheesecakes to take home.
You have to bring Luca Bracci to carry it for you because it weighs that much.
But that's what I heard about it.
I don't know.
It also sounds pretty good to me in spite of the fact that you're a belly-a-canabana.
It's no... it's no olive garden.
Haven't been there.
Want to be olive garden?
No.
Don't.
Based on what everyone says.
Don't.
It's not even Italian-ish.
It's not.
From the way people describe it, I envision it.
No, no.
You say that, but your memory must be getting really bad because they brought us food one time.
I think it was on IOD.
I do believe it, but that's a long time ago.
I don't remember that.
And then it was... you know what it was kind of like?
Remember Fat Boy had that diner that he sold?
He sold it up to the account some I showed in the last time of the years.
And his claim to fame was, oh hey, I really do a great job of selling it.
I arrived in a shop.
Ha ha ha ha.
Pally?
You know that crap.
And he never sold anything on it.
Show he sold that diner and of course then they went out of business about two weeks later.
And they sent food over to the station for us to try it.
And the salad, the lettuce was so brown that it looked like.
Remember that bit?
I just played the Paul Harvey thing and what the guy was eating?
That's what it looked like.
And tasted like it's a matter of fact.
It just, you know, went too good.
So anyway, the olivigar didn't do exactly the same thing on IOD.
I'm sure you were there.
I'm positive you were.
Well maybe I was.
It has gotten lost in the morass.
Everybody wants morass.
It's gotten lost in the morass of the...
You remember of all the free food we got over there.
That is not unlikely.
See, probably it's a good thing for Chris that we don't still have that going on
because he'd be a dead man pretty soon.
He's trying to stay under, you know, under 400 pounds.
Now how are you doing on that?
You just keep it off what you lost?
Yeah, I'm still keeping it off.
And I'm losing a pound or two at a time.
Well that's good.
You're losing a pound or two every time like what?
Every month?
About every week or two.
Yeah.
Oh, look at this.
Norma Kent, something else.
Boy, I'll tell you he's busy today.
Oh, I don't.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hey, guys, close the window.
Oh, I'm never going to be the same.
I'm leaving now.
I'm never going to do it again.
Bye everybody.
Don't do it.
I want to listen.
This is the best thing that could have ever happened to me right now.
Because now I can share, you know, real friends share with their friends.
Yes.
I'm going to share with you.
Didn't I just get to tell you about an hour ago about my phone conversation with my agent attorney
and supposedly good to fag friend, Norma Kent, I'm on the night screaming and wailing about this QAM situation
and about Joe Bell and Joyce and this whole company.
Did I take it that?
So what he accomplish is that whenever it was, what was it about a half hour ago or 45 minutes,
he sends me the copy of the email he got from Johnny Joe Bell saying, well, I'm going to be out of the office
and maybe late this afternoon, maybe sometime between now and next suckers, maybe I might do something about this or get back to you know.
So now what is he right on top of this?
Oh, to show you how concerned he is about yours truly.
See, this is a man who's on a lifetime ego trip.
He's living, he lives like so many people I know in a fantasy world.
He's like the stand major of Fagdom.
The founder and the original publisher of the Express Gay News, Fort Lauderdale Attorney Norman Elliott Kent,
has announced the launch of an online daily gay national electronic newspaper.
Well, Lauderdale, Norman Lauderdale, you fairy.
I love it on online on the pole by the way.
He sends me this. I mean, I don't know, I don't be grudging that he's doing it,
but he sends me this that I need to know this, that I need to grandize him on the air.
Nationalgainnews.com hit the web and forced last week with a front page story exposing possible homophobia
in the upper east of the international cruise line,
and with Armaturelli cancelled a popular bear's cruise.
The story can be viewed online with a link here.
This week, the online paper revealed how a group of Christian students in Illinois
are launching a counter protest to an actual gay drive amongst high school students
to expose homophobia and secondary schools.
Today's front page feature reveals how a divorced man wants to obate alimony payments
to his ex-wife, a transsexual, who now wants to become a man.
On a lighter note, there is a feature about a European gain nude cruise from Italy to Greece.
Stated Kent.
The gay community can be an affluent, sophisticated, high-tech environment.
It's my belief that a clean online publication, which captures the breadth and diversity of our world,
will be very popular and inviting.
I really don't want to give any long speeches.
I want the product to speak for itself.
Yeah, it's a face for itself, all right.
The online newspaper will be filled on a daily basis.
Is there an end of this gainy basis?
Wherever I'm reading this off my blackberry, it just goes, it'll be filled on a gainy, daily basis
with original writing, linked news sources, and calms on all aspects of gay and mainstream life.
Links on the homepage generate connections to sports, lifestyle, science and technology,
business health and HIV, as well as entertainment, and host another game that's being related to interests.
Like looking at naked pictures sounds good to me.
What are you smirking about?
Interactive features will invite readers to submit their favorite pet photos,
as well as images of a hunk in Amazon of the day, or share their favorite website,
gain news feeds and a clearinghouse for national gain on profits and news media,
will also be posted online on the electronic paper.
As he did with the Express starting in 1999,
Kent is bringing substance to the paper immediately.
He had the same substance I believe that he was trying to clean up a devacuum cleaner.
Contracting with associated press affiliates to present credible news stories
from reputable journalists around the country.
Then this goes on.
Oh, there's only two more paragraphs, thank God.
We will still be a cross-section of our lives.
There are nationally-known gay columnists joining us in popular cartoonist,
to lighten the burden of each day.
We want to start each morning reading your horoscope and the weather on a homepage, he said.
We are still building the site and laying the foundations to the Kent.
Our project is still being born.
Yes, still born, I think, is the word.
But the news doesn't wait, and when an entire segment of our population gets
blatantly discriminated against in a wholesale manner as we've seen with the bear cruises,
we just have to go with what we got and get the word out there, says Norma Kent.
I'm the bear!
Thanks for having me!
I just am a delete, delete, delete.
Delete, delete a delight.
Norma, you silly goose, you simple-then-you...
You're fair.
Right.
How do you like that?
And he sends it to me.
This is what he's busy doing with his sandwich.
There was more power to him, okay?
This is the same guy that told me when he sold this then, in fact, newspaper.
He could retire for life, he had all this money now.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, yeah.
Katzahoy is normal.
Okay, happy pay-stop for you, baby, and go away.
Just go away, don't go away, man.
Just go away.
Stay out of my life.
Stay away from my friends.
Stay away from my people.
Stay away from my websites.
Stay away from my job.
Stay away from my existence.
I'm planning to stay the hell away, okay?
Norma, do not call here.
Do not, right here.
Do not email me no more.
Go away, little girl.
I mean, that song, go away, little girl.
Steve Lawrence.
Steve Lawrence?
Yes.
Well, Donnie, who else did it?
Donnie Osmond?
That's why I know it by you.
Did Donnie do it?
Donnie was at my show one time, but he would have any hearing over by my friends.
Oh, yeah.
This is the original.
This is the original.
Except no substance to it.
No more substance to it.
Boy, work with me.
Oh, wait, little girl.
Steve Lawrence and Eddie Gordon, Mr. Rose.
Oh, wait, little girl.
Steve Lawrence and Eddie Gordon, Mr. Rose.
I like Steve Lawrence.
He was Jewish and he was kind of cute too.
I'm not surprised to pay you.
Steve.
What?
What?
What?
I can't believe you got that.
I got it.
You've got it?
I got it.
What are 18 votes on the poll?
I'll tell you, Norma, you made my day.
That was one of the...
That was the epitome of my relationship with my lawyer, agent, goofball, silly fag person,
Norma Kent, who's all about Norma.
You know, he'd like to put on a big, uh, big song to dance about, you know, what he's doing for
Neal and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and his emails to Joe Bell and all his calls with
Joyce and, uh, you know, all the other stuff.
Right.
Stay the hell away.
That's my suggestion.
Just stay away.
This is Pretty Quinn.
Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Neal Rogers 12-1-hour.
Tonight, on Fox, not the news.
A special report.
We wrote it all by ourselves.
Orobs Adam Hussein Osama Obama.
The Democrats Golden Boy.
What you don't know about Orobs Adam Hussein Osama Obama may surprise you.
As a boy, he went to Mattress.
And Mr. Wilson said, you know, he's a great boy.
He was on Nightmare Store and practiced wahabiyah and as a hobby, all the way to Kimo's
Abbey.
He hit that with first baby.
What's the mystery man on the grassy nose?
The doppelgling was his own poor.
And if you look closely, you'll realize his real father was Jack Webb.
Plus, an infuriating and typically uninform commentary from one of our garden variety, hard-looking
bleach blondes hand-picked out of our stable of Republican blondes that put out easy and
pale to our elderly and drunk right wing viewers.
Fox, not seniors.
Thirty percent of the truth for the thirty percent of you.
Watch it, no bait.
But thirty, man.
At level three at five sixty-one, we have eleven hundred and thirty votes in a pool.
I think thirteen is given today, don't you?
13 hundred?
Yeah.
Chris, on the other hand, is, you know, well, he'll pretend to be more excited about it.
No, he doesn't have to pretend.
Not after that performance this morning.
When he asked when he asked permission to kiss my ass, that was just amazing.
Did I?
Were you in there when he did that?
Yeah, I was in here.
He said to me, can I kiss your ass?
I said, you're the man.
We had to go to the mop right away until we had carpeted.
Yeah, I was discussing.
I read for the shop vac, the wet drive vac.
Okay, now it's interesting because I think we've only had what, because I hear another facts coming over the thing now.
Yeah.
And we only had one.
And this is short and sweet from a regular factor.
But we only had the one.
And of course, there was a critique about what, you know, you chased away the real colors.
There weren't any real colors.
Okay, you jackass.
There have been any real colors in nine years since we've been on this radio station.
Then here's the facts.
Also, more of a suggestion.
It says, hey, Neil and George, it always baffles me that you're not job-caller, stay on hold.
No, they don't, we don't put them on hold.
They keep the phone ringing.
We don't put anybody on hold.
To make a sound, then they try to, then they try to call right back.
The good calls are far, and a few and far between.
That would scare me if I were you and George, what does that mean?
That would scare me if I were you or if, can you make this out?
No, it was hoping you could interpret that.
As far as the cheesecake goes, you hear it right on the head.
It can be great.
Food is very California with a huge selection of dishes and drinks.
It can be a decent people watching a restaurant, a day land or the grill.
What about the salt rash?
That's the one out there by my house.
Oh, and look at this.
The Tony Snow, I know, believes in the power of Neil God in prayer, isn't that cute?
What is this supposed to be funny?
I think it's funny to us.
I think it's supposed to be serious, the person that wrote it, the way that it's serious.
Yeah, but it's so obvious that they've inserted the word Neil in front of the head that they've...
Deal God!
...isn't it?
I didn't see that.
Well, look at the print type.
It's not even the same print type.
Oh, I see.
So whoever decided to put this together is another amateur comedian who wasted a lot of time because I'm not going to read it.
I'd rather read Norma Kins' email that I already deleted about his online Fag newspaper, whatever it's going to be.
See, he doesn't have time to be worrying about Neil Rogers' show and about small things like that.
About his number one client, because I already paid him for this year a nice big fat check.
So he can't be worried about stuff like that.
He's worried about being the great Kate Crusader, okay, on the internet for all the Fag news that's fit to print in some of his name, sure.
I mean, yeah, more power to him. That's fine.
I have no problem with that in his spare time.
Which evidently he has a lot of.
I've had 135 votes on the pool. I got such a headache from reading that thing of his.
Oh, don't you?
Yeah.
As they say in Yugoslavia, which is coming back by the way next year, they're going to put it back together again.
I have a bad cup vatik.
Edwards gained support as he remains in the race.
Americans buy two. Is that what they say in the locker room if they have aching loins?
I have a cup vatik.
If they're hurting in the cup.
And I still can't. That spasming spas.
You know, this is what really gets me about that. Maybe he lost it too that you...
SHOOB video, they sent me.
Maybe maybe just went vanishing off into outer space somewhere.
I'm sure not because if he sent it to me, then he's got it, right?
Right.
He's got a hold of it.
Maybe he just can't fight anymore in between the folds of fat.
I mean, you saw the picture of that guy.
He's a good guy to watch. He's a big fan.
He sends it to Zivian things. He's in highly, which I feel sorry for him.
But God, if he don't wait a thousand pounds, I mean, he's got fat in places where the castmen invented yet.
Good God.
Let go.
Yeah, on the inside, rules of fat.
Americans buy two to one.
They see how to understand a pool like this. It's stupid.
Support the decision by former North Carolina Senator John Edwards to stay in the Democratic presidential race,
even though his wife Elizabeth has been diagnosed with a recurrence of breast cancer.
In the telephone pool, taken Friday through Sunday, just after they held that news conference.
Questions about the Edwards.
The Edwards is where I asked a half of the sample out of margin of error plus or minus or minus five points.
And he got a boost in the horse race in Democratic contenders because he now is up to 14% he gained five percent because of the sympathy boat.
She's got cancer, therefore it makes all the sense that the world we should support John Edwards.
Does that make sense to you? Sure. Why not?
He's up to number four behind swillowray of 35, Barack Obama 22, Al Gore 17, and John Edwards 14.
Nobody else has got more than 3%.
Democratic poster Mark Melman is not affiliated with any candidates as the bump Edwards, that is understandable.
In the crucible of crisis, people make judgments about a candidate's character.
There's a lot of people, a lot here in which people can make important judgments about Edwards.
I don't know.
Just confused as to how I made you understand that?
Nope. The wife's got cancer. It came back again. We feel bad about that. We don't wish that on anybody.
She never stole a freight train, neither did he. But how does that make that Yahoo from nothing could be fired down there in Carolina?
How does that make it more qualified to be president?
If you vote for him, God will cure her.
Was that what it is? Sure, that's what it is.
You know, an employee. I thought that's...
Damn, come on!
That's the one that Tony Snow believes in.
1141 votes on the poll. It's a Whip-Bong Wednesday. And I just, you know, maybe we may have win something today.
I'll be a little more animated about it.
I was feeling really exhilarated yesterday and again today until I got that thing from Norma Kent.
He started off with the email from Joe Bell, which is depressed.
See, every time, I don't know why I called him Monday because I was already depressed. I was already suicidal, you know?
So why did I call him?
I don't know.
Just to vent, I guess, just because somebody just screamed at it. And I did.
And then why did I read that email? Why did he do that? Just to be depressing to show me that Joe Bell doesn't give a crap and he's not, you know,
not giving any urgent response because it's been going on for months and months and years and ages and an eternity.
And nothing is going to happen. Nothing is really being done. Except by the beep, by the boop, by the lot of the usual tap dance.
And then I give this. This 84,000 word press release. You know, it's really interesting when I had my 31st anniversary on here in South Florida.
My agent slash attorney, I don't believe, wrote any press release to the media.
I'm not saying that near Rajas on March 1st had 31 years on the year in the market, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And longer than any other talk host in the history of the market, blah, blah, blah, blah. All these other, all of these things, you know?
Because that wouldn't have been so self-serving as writing about some enterprise that he's obviously starting and financially involved in.
It wouldn't have been as self-serving as this crap.
Goodbye, Norma. Go away, little girl, okay?
How many times have I said that on the year before, but not enough times? And not seriously enough?
I could have been a contender, man. You do realize that of all people. I do. I do. I could have been a contender.
I could be on serious XM PM FM. A.M.
Yeah, I could have been a contender. And look what I got.
How has got what's his name? What's his agent's name? Tom Bukwell. And look what I got.
1145 votes on a pool. We got 1300 made in the shade today, maybe. And that's not too bad for a Monday. I mean, it's not a big stimulus.
Or would I say for a Monday? For Wednesday?
Not that my brains are fried this week. You do understand that.
And of course, the best part of it is that those people, those half a dozen morons, asyls who are, you know, the killers of the telephone.
They're sitting out there thinking, oh boy, we didn't got in. Yeah, sure.
You ought to see the size of the check that just went in the bank on Monday. Then you'd say, oh boy, we sure got in. Oh geez.
How to take a look at the size of it? I know it makes me cry.
Of exploding balls. Simon Cowell of the hit Fox series American Idol upfront in your face.
Last year a former contestant had an affair with Paula Abdul. Yeah, she gave him special treatment, Corey Clark.
Oh, yeah. Let's go to calls Wakanda Illinois. Hello. Hi Simon. Hello. What's your name? Michelle.
How did Michelle? Listen, I heard you got nipple and plants. I did. Yeah. Oh, look right.
So that's why they always talk through your shirt? Yeah. Yeah. The gruesome Tucson van Cooper, British Columbia for Simon Cowell. Hello.
Hey, Simon. I really will. But you're the father of Anna Cole's baby. Is that true? Yeah. It was your baby.
Simon's baby. Join us on the phone is Julie Cowell. Simon's mother. She joins us from London.
She is 80 years young. Are you there, Julie? Yes, Lily. Hi. Simon, you're a rotten side.
Is there one thing you can tell us about Simon that we don't know? Yes. When Simon was born, he was so ugly that Dr.
Slap me. You know what? In real life. Is he nasty? Yes. If I had known then what I know now, I would have replaced my
vagus all with super glue. Go back to sleep, mom. All right. Crazy glue sounds like a winner to me.
1154 votes on the pool. Now, here's an interesting facts. It says, any chance you can keep broadcasting you show on the Internet
tomorrow during the Marlins exhibition this game since WQM doesn't broadcast the game of the Internet. Anyway, here's the answer. No. No. No. We don't broadcast the game on the Internet.
I don't know. No, it's against Major League Baseball regulations. It's against Major League Baseball regulations.
I think I'm going to have a regurgitation about that regulation. So what does that mean? That means that if you want to listen to a Major League Baseball game
over and over again. No, well, if you want to listen to it on the Internet, you have to pay Major League Baseball.
They don't have to pay me to listen to it. A lot. Are you smitten me? So what do we have on there? Just a dead air?
Or we keep playing the same two promo as Robert Morgan. Exactly. For the round table and the square table and the
square table. We might just incase anybody missed that earlier. We might put that like on an endless loop. Oh, God. If I can find it. Oh, and anyone else I didn't play?
I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with
my balance with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. that's pretty bad. that's how I make sounds. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. We make sounds with my mouth. We make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. We make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds where that's sound with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth. It really feels ctliant. I make sounds. I make sounds. with my mouth.
two players.
I think that's a hit.
Monday morning starts 7 a.m.
Let's give her that big old crap.
5 to 10 a.m. with that.
It's called making sounds with our mouth.
No punches, poo.
That's what I'm hearing.
Well, that's beautiful.
Oh, here we go.
John Nichols.
There's been a whole bunch of these.
I haven't been doing my duty in reading these simulating articles for a long time.
I really don't know why.
Why is that?
That's because I've been taking all those brilliant phone calls.
And also, we normally can't go away.
I thought about that during the break for about 10 seconds.
Go away.
Stay away.
Get out of my face.
I should send an email to Joe Bell and say as of 12.20 p.m. on Wednesday, March 28th,
Norman Kent is no longer my agent attorney and I have nothing to do with him.
And I don't want to talk to you.
How's that?
All right.
You think that's going to hire what's his buck walled?
I'm not going to hire anybody.
What do I need anybody for?
Does the negotiate that lifetime contract?
For a million dollars, I would.
That's our poll today.
And look at the way it's turning out.
Not the way we wanted.
1156 votes.
And we got 15.3% say I hate this pool.
That sucks.
Okay.
I don't want to be too blunt about it.
But let me just, you know, dance around, tiptoe around the edges of it that blows.
It sucks.
1156 votes.
For a million dollars, I would give up my favorite food for you.
137 vote Republican 137.
Work at QAM 116.
Don't do it.
Life is too short.
Have gay 6116 since the pictures.
Not have sex for year 115.
Live in South Florida on 93.
Kill some people 78.
That's what George wants to do.
Not view porn for years 72.
Not smoke for a year 68.
And get married only 46.
For a million bucks, only 46 people out there would get married.
Pretty said commentary on the great American institution.
Well, it's not an American institution.
Say worldwide institution.
And America just isn't last too long.
That's all.
Well, I just, I'm the verge.
Every now and then I get on the verge of getting that number out, you know.
Right on the tiptoe, I thought I was going to start making sounds with my mouth.
Yeah.
You know what that sound is?
5, 6, oh.
Oh, sounds like that phone number.
Or don't be doing that.
Now, you know, what's that other thing?
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me find that one.
Because that's from the classic.
And then there's also, um, no, it's not what, oh, the screen loop.
Oh, what are you looking at?
The screen loop?
Oh, that one.
Like that.
I made it sound sweet and soft.
I made sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
We could do this easy to make noise.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I'm your auntie.
If they would play that instead of the ESPN radio overnight, we'd have a 40 share.
They'd play just that and this.
And it's first.
Anything?
I think it's a hit.
It's a big fat hit.
A big fat that will be hit.
Yeah, I agree with it.
Now, the facts come over the machine right now.
See if we read if the audience was really into this whole thing, we'd be inundated with facts
with some material as opposed to just, well, I think that the calls and you chased away the good calls.
And yeah, sure we did.
Let's see, the best day you'll ever eat.
Oh, this is from Pedro.
Thanks, Pedro.
Is the Cajun ribeye that they serve in the cheesecake factory?
That's what Pedro says.
They marinated it for 36 hours.
Oh!
They marinated it for 36 hours in a special Cajun mix and it's better than any steak I've ever had in Christie's,
Smith and Walenskis, Ruth Gris, the Forge, Yucket says, etc.
It says it melts in your mouth.
Cajun ribeye.
That sounds really tempting to me, don't it?
Oh, yeah.
Why? You sound pretty lukewarm on it.
No, it does sound good.
They marinated it for 36 hours in a special Cajun mix.
That's how you say Cajun.
Not Cajun.
Cajun.
And let's say, Rage and Cajun.
Cajun, which means you're like a literate and you're probably from New Orleans or somewhere,
or like in the Bows by you in that area, in that neck of the woods.
1161 on a pole, I probably should, I can play the talking, making sounds with our mouth,
and then reread the Enormon Kent email a couple of times, will be all done.
We'll be right up against it.
John Nichols writes, getting serious about the I word.
I started telling you, he had a whole series of these articles about impeachment.
You're only frown with this one, it's too long.
Not too long to read, just too long for right now, so what I'll do is do the break.
Just giving a little heads up to Chris who was kissing me this morning for always doing the breaks,
right at the same time and on time and being like, hey, we all kind of like make believe professional broadcaster.
He's like some dumb ex-jocke who hasn't got any idea what to them, microphones, or how to even turn a mic on.
When you've got something that don't even know how to turn a microphone on and pretend to be a broadcaster,
you know that it's only like Conway Tweetie would say, make believe, you know what I'm saying?
It's make believe.
Don't make me play that though.
What is it?
Don't make me play it.
Oh, you got it.
I know.
I haven't.
I hate Conway Tweetie.
Why is that?
I think he is.
You mentioned that a week or two ago, how many Conway Tweetie?
What do you ever do to you, man?
He was a bad singer who sang bad songs and he was a good Tweetie.
And he had a big goofy, goofy looking hair.
He had a beautiful, great.
He had a boofo on his head, yeah.
He was kind of Tweetie and a little on the schmitty side.
He was an Elvis wannabe, you know.
And of course as much as we did not care for Elvis on the show when it's an Elvis wannabe, what is that?
That image on the show.
It's like being a Steve Lampo wannabe.
Oh God.
Oh, oh, oh, this John Edwards, this, this, this, this pretty boy, this Tommy Olefus Amulet
Schrazer, he has made his wife and dancer just to win in election.
You know, I got to talk to my friends.
This is a new low on the dams.
He is capitalizing on his wife's illicit, the jumpstart is presidential run.
Just like he who's the death of his son, the fire of the Zilphane-in-oh-for campaign.
I say friends a lot, don't I?
Until I can imagine all I like with the money I make.
Who cares if I don't have any?
For I am the voice of the 29%, pervading homespin wisdom and crates like moral virtue, just ask any of my 10X wives.
If you pay to VU, my webcam friends, you can watch me, fly on my fat little arms around
in a rightly colored pullover gulf cert, which may an a-states on it.
See? Here I am.
Trying to validate what I'm talking about.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.
But don't let my butter in fool here.
I spent many years toning these atrophying muscles in my huge, queuing up records.
Oh, and one other thing my friends.
May I remind you that I did offer to serve my country by signing up for dancing with the stars,
What was declined?
We're having a people on my back.
Drug that old...
Ah, rectum.
Well, none of those pimply asses going around these days.
It must be a catch-and-it must be rubbing off.
1231 at 560 WQA.
Wait till you hear this, bad news.
Not really, because I don't really care about any of these people.
Cuffing user-star went on a jud.
Yeah, since he filed for the war yesterday from a restrained husband, Dan R. Roach.
After his arrest last week in Texas on sex charges involving a minor.
All right.
Roach 49 was arrested while their country star is man.
Their country star is from Nashville.
Or his list is best, baby.
Roach 49 was arrested Thursday in Abelton and charged with three kinds of aggravated sexual battery
against the child ever than 13 in Nashville.
All right.
He was expected to be executed in Nashville, said police spokesman Don Aaron.
It wasn't known if he had an attorney.
Well, the norma is not busy. He's busy doing online the fangstown.
I'm obviously devastated.
The 42-year-old country singer, said and is famous on her website,
our family will pull together to begin the healing process and hopefully by the grace of God.
Damn God!
Become stronger.
We'll move forward with our faith family and our friends to find resolution to this difficult situation.
Isn't that what it always is?
You know, it's always back to that faith and about to be pitiful, put them up.
All that BS, all that get's key stuff.
Aaron said in investigation by the Department of Sex Crimes units starting February,
Jud said it reconciled all differences as a reason for divorce in the complaint filed in Nashville,
a Nashville suburb of Williams and County.
Roach had been receiving treatment for drug and boozidics
and at a rehab clinic in Buffalo, GAAP, Texas.
They have no children.
Jud's got children from a previous marriage.
Jud is sold nearly 30 million.
About 30 million.
And Mrs. Isola Wartus, that's pretty sad commentary.
She sang with her mother Naomi Jud is to do all the Juds.
Or is that the Jugs?
Her solo hits include no one else on Earth and I saw the light.
Her sister is actress Ashley Jud.
I wonder if she's keen to juggle on.
Cute.
Now,
there are 185 votes.
We got 1200 looked by the end of the summer.
We're going to make 13 out of today.
Okay, they're going to be right about it in newspapers all over the world.
Anybody believe it?
No.
So let's see if we can get any more emails from Norma Kent.
I, yes, something I just...
I'm almost back to where I was on Monday again.
You know, I was just sitting there.
I'm not talking about jumping off the balcony.
I'm just talking about the depression setting in.
It's just a feeling of uselessness and hopelessness.
You know, I mean, this is...
And of course, who's fault is that?
Who's fault is it?
Oh God!
And I've stuck with this Schmendrich for all this time.
You saw the phenomenal job.
Howard Stern had his serious guy call me.
Remember that?
Not Norm Kent.
Call me.
When Stern was first leaving regular radio and going out of serious,
they wanted me on that thing badly.
Howard wanted me on there.
And we handed...
Handing that over to Norma Kent to make that deal
would be like handing a...
an oozie to a three-year-old child, a fully loaded oozie and saying,
go out in the yard and have a good time.
You see what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
And I did it because I'm dumb.
Well, that's the way it goes.
At least I admit I'm dumb, you know.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
The whole sentiments were echoed by two other guests, columnist Mike Barnacle and Salon's Joan Walsh. The emphasis for the show was Nebraska Senator Chuck Hagel's ongoing discussion of the impeachment prospect, Hagel's not quite quite a supporter of sanctioning Bush, more a speculator about the prospect, and a new column by Robert Novak that suggests Bush has dwindling support within the congressional wing of the GOP.
Speaking about impeachment on ABC's this week Hagel said, any president who says, I don't care, or I won't respond to what the people of this country are saying about a record anything else, or I don't care what Congress does I'm going to proceed, if a president really believes that, then there's ways to deal with that. No, Novak wrote the I word in competence is used by Republicans that describe in the Bush administration generally. Several of them I talked to describe to trifecta of incompetence, the Walter Reed Hospital scandal, the FBI's misuse of the Patriot Act, and the US Attorney's firing Fiasco. We've always claimed that they were the party of better management when House leader told me, how can we claim that
any more? Scarborough drew the two statements together for the purpose of asking whether Bush could counter Republicans to block rules by congressional Democrats to hold Bush to account for high crimes and Mr. Meeners impeaches ass, baby. When a conservative commentator was on the front lines of Newkink, which is Republican Revolution, entertains a thoughtful conversation about the politics and processes of impeachment on a major cable news network, it should be clear that the closer conversation about sanctioning this president's begun to open up. No, Scarborough is not jumping on the impeachment ban wagon. He's simply treating the president
as a pro-respect seriously as did CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg earlier in the day. When I told Scarborough is what I've been saying in public forums for the past several weeks, we're nearing an impeachment moment, the Alberto Gonzalez scandal, the un-undercovered but very real controversy involving abuses of the Patriot Act, and the president's increasingly belligerent refusal to treat Congress as a co-equal branch of government are putting the discussion of presidential accountability onto the table from which House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has tried to remove it. This means that Bush and Cheney will be impeached, and that of course will be decided by the people.
Impeachment at its best is always an organic process. It needs popular support or it fizzles as with the attempt by House Republican leaders to remove former President Clinton in a process that, fairly or not, seem to be all about blue dresses.
While the people save Clinton by signaling their representatives that they oppose sanctioning a president's personal morals, it doesn't appear that they're inclined to protect Bush. With each new revelation about what Gonzalez did to be hence the Bush White House, to politicize prosecutions by U.S. attorneys, they revolve some of the way the President's disregard of the Constitution and the world of law becomes more intense.
And citizens are not cutting their president much slack. A new U.S. day-day Gallup poll conducted over the weekend shows that by a 3-to-1 margin nearly Americans want Congress to wish his subpoenas to force White House officials to testify against Gonzalez' case, 68% of those surveys say the president should drop his frame of executive privilege in the matter while only 26% agree with the reasoning Bush has used to try to block a meaningful inquiry.
If the President wants to get in the fight with Congress over how to read the Constitution, it appears that the people will back Congress and that backing is what will begin to restore the backbones of House members who despite Pelosi's attempts to quiet talk of impeachment are getting more and more intrigued by the prospect of holding this president to account.
As Hable says, this is not a monarchy. There are ways to deal with executive excess and I hope the President understands that. If Bush doesn't recognize this reality now, he soon will, says John Nichols. He's got a new book, it's the Genius of impeachment.
The Founder's Cure for Royalism.
Impressed by that?
Okay, I knew you would be.
1190 votes. Well, we got 13th and we're looking at it today. It's not too bad. What day is it? On a Wednesday.
Well, now I see I get confused because we got all those great Marlon ball games on. I wonder how this is a regular season start next week, I believe.
The first, I believe.
The first, I believe.
Sunday is the first. Do you, are you telling me that the regular season is going to start on a Sunday? You've got to be kidding me.
Well, like they'll have that first game and then the Marlon should be on the reds, the reds and somebody who cares about the reds. They used to be the Cincinnati Red legs.
And then, and then during the 50s, I don't know if you're worth this or not, little piece of trivia. During the 50s, because I'm old, when they had all the communist witch hunts going on, all the red baiting going on, they, they stopped calling the reds and they call them the red legs again, which is what they were like 6000 years ago, the Cincinnati Red legs.
And that's like red bone. I wonder if that's called the Roce of that's like red bone.
Have you ever had a red well anyway? No. So neither. Although they know red legs. For a short period of time, I suppose that's really embarrassing. That's really bad.
It would be like the Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay devil rays on all that. Simmons, they head over there with all those religious freaks, those nuts, religious nuts. There's another redundancy for you. Crazy people.
They don't look like that. Devil rays, you can't say that. That's like Satan, man. Satan's out there in the ball field.
I really said. But then again, that's the Tampa. That's Florida for you. And that thing about that story about national man and all that in bread, crap going on. That's most of America. You know, they talk about the red states.
What about the red bone states? Lemon 93 on a pole. We come back from the break. It's 1200 in the sky. The limit is back in. I know this show is going to shock a lot of people.
Nicole Kidman and to your Roberts. He lives of Jay.
So you're gay? Yes. Yeah. Both gay. Yes. Looking to lies. Mary to a man and in love with a woman. Yeah.
So how did coming out change your life? I went into this state of calmness. And that's when I realized that my conscience was clear.
They're wedding made headlines around the world. Nicole Kidman married country star. Keith Irwin. Then she fell in love with a woman. Did he kick you out? Yeah. Really?
Big emotion. Big emotions. Okay. How long did you know you were gay? So much of my life. I was known. You truly like having a girlfriend. I do. What would you say to her?
You're one of the softest people inside that I know. I'm going to start crying. And she's kind. She's a kind girl. I love my mommy. Yeah. I just would say to anybody.
Whatever secret you're holding. Live your own truth. I had a lesbian affair with a woman that lasted nearly three years. Hot animal lust. I'm gay.
Yeah.
You wouldn't have to stop them. Does anybody care? Absolutely not. It's a 12.45. Love and I'd eat. I thought we'd be a 1200. Didn't you after the outbreak? Yeah. Sure. Whatever.
Yeah. Exactly. Whatever. That's what we look at it here at QA whatever. You know, that's just the way it is. NATO's, but this is kind of interesting. We don't want to go here.
Candahar. NATO's party rule shuts out Afghans. Under a bizarre policy that echoes the days of segregation in the US.
Afghans who work at the NATO base of Candahar airfield must use separate toilets marked local nationals only.
Several Afghans totally Toronto Globe and Mail the practice insulting, but they're dependent on NATO for their livelihoods and reluctant to speak out.
Lieutenant Colonel Jack Blevins, the US officer in charge of administrative contracts, said the segregated toilet policy exists because the bathroom habits of the Afghans are different from those of the North Americans and Europeans who work at the base.
Do we really want to go here?
Yeah. Go girl. So to speak, that's what they say when they approach the door. Do we really want to go in here?
We've always had this policy Lieutenant Colonel Blevins said it's not based on a racial thing. It's just how they use the toilets. They're not used to toilets. They use squats or holes in the ground.
Everybody told you about that? Right?
In Italy, I was in one place where it was like a big oldness center of the tea room. And I thought, holy moly.
Rat man. One Afghan who's worked at the base for five years and is interpreter, laughed at his suggestion. He can't give his name because it works with a coalition as afraid of being targeted by insurgents and wanting to update.
I don't see any reason for separate bathrooms. He said everybody is human, so it should be one toilet.
He said that foreign soldiers told him they wouldn't use the same toilets as Afghans because they're afraid of catching something contagious.
Oh, it's like that homo disease. Soldiers say they're scared of local people who might have disease. He said personally, I do not like that, but this is the way the army should respect that.
The issue came to light when a globe reporter tried to use the toilets to do the main gate of Candahar Airfield. The Guard on duty, is that a plan words or what?
The Guard on duty directed the report to toilets 30 meters away. Same the ones directly in front of him were for the Afghans.
Lieutenant Colonel Blubben said he thinks of the policies, a cultural accommodation, and it makes life easier for the cleaners.
Oh, oh no, I don't know if I can want to read this next part. Come on now.
Oh no. You can do it. When the Afghans use our porta-potties, they stand on the seats and it causes quite a mess.
I think it's just a cultural thing. Oh my. Oh my, my, my, my. Look out now. Let me read that sentence again. When the Afghans use our porta-potties, they stand on the seats and it causes quite a mess.
I think it's just a cultural thing, he said. The toilets reserved for the Afghans typically have the words local nationals written on the door, and they're different color than the ones reserved for non-Afghans.
Better? Why not what color they probably are? At least by the end of the day.
The toilets look the same on the inside except the plastic seats sometimes removed from the local national toilets. Afghans say they aren't enough toilets to accommodate them, and theirs aren't as well cleaned as the ones reserved for foreigners.
It's not fair, it said Cassem and Afghan interpreter works in the base. He said some foreigners will use the local bathrooms when the lines are long and it suits them, but local Afghans can't use the bathroom reserved for the foreigners.
Some of the army guys, they use the local bathrooms, so we should be able to use their bathrooms too, said Cassem.
As he speaks, his uncle comes over to say that the separate bathrooms are very nice. Very nice. Nice. We have very nice, and there's only. Yeah, we do. I got it somewhere. Like I said, the local bathrooms are very nice.
There we go. And he's grateful to NATO for coming to Afghanistan. Hope they'll stay a long time.
Other Afghans who stand line waiting to be searched as they leave the NATO base said they can't accept having new separate bathrooms, and don't see it as a significant hardship.
A few Afghan employees have the privilege of being able to use either set a toilet because they work for the coalition long enough to be considered trusted agents.
Cassem said the problem comes down to the way Afghans use water to clean themselves before praying. The foreigners don't like it, they said they don't be liking it.
Lieutenant Colonel Pleven said there can be problems if water bottles used by the Afghans and their ablutions have to be fished out of the toilets.
What kind of a hook to use for those? Although Afghans are strongly encouraged to use the toilet smart local nesting only, they wouldn't be prevented from using another bathroom and an emergency, he said.
Oh, that's hope they don't have no emergencies. There are also security issues to be considered. He said some foreign only bathrooms are close to the soldier sleeping quarters, which need to be protected.
More than 1200 local people come through the gates of Kandar airfield most days, according to the Canadian guards who operate the main entrance.
That's enough of that. When they use the portafoddies, they stand on the seats and it causes quite a mess. It's a cultural thing. Can you say Barbarian? Can you say that?
1200 three rows. We got 1300 in our sites. Do we not? Well, there's those pigeons making those cool, cool, cool chewsounds again on my balcony. I'm going to go out there and have a chat with them and see maybe I can fly away with them. What do you think?
I think you should go grab one and put it on the air or bite the head off of it or something. In fact, I can see it right now. It's like they'll be down and around. It's probably going to drop like a little. In fact, the pigeons remind me of the Afghans.
The way they kind of iniscriminately do their toilet business. In fact, he looks to me like a dog looking for a good spot. You know? And speaking of dogs, I never do get that. What's his name again? The guy from Hylia? Spasins?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. If you're listening spasins, bags, I try to approve your dog. That comment, the thing is sent me last night. And it just vanished in outer space.
That would be one good reason to be an astronaut. Can you imagine all the useful information? All the lost messages and pictures and emails? All the lost information out there in space. Just floating around out there?
You can just get a big electric network. And kind of like what's floating around in the map, can't tour?
Oh, I don't want to think about that. Oh, man. That is just... I don't want to say like 10th world country or people living in the dark ages. But it's all a boot.
Don't tell me I've got... Oh, just one moment please. Okay. We're going to get that straight enough.
$104 votes on a pool. For a million dollars I would and I hate this pool is gaining. It's not losing. It's not going down. Which of course that would be to please me and make me feel like we put a pretty...
I don't care what they say. There's not a damn thing wrong with this pool. It's a fine pool. It's not even, you know, a spectacular but nice.
I hate this pool. It's got 186 votes. 15.4%. For a million dollars I'd vote Republican. 146. For 10 million I wouldn't do it.
In fact, actually what I would do is I would take the 10 million and go in there and I'd vote Democrat. Who would I would do? I'd just lie about it.
Is there anybody who wouldn't lie for a 10 million dollars? No.
For a million dollars I would give up my favorite food for you or 139. Have gay sex, 122. Work a WQM, 120. Of course you'll want to spend $99 million in a psychiatric care but nevertheless not have sex for your 119.
Living South Florida 96 kills some people 83. Not view porn for your 76. I know there's some people who can do that for 100 million.
Not smoke for your 71 and get married 46 out of 12.4. I think what I'm going to do is I'm going to like talking through our mother. I'm going to read the norm can't email again over that would be good. Maybe maybe during the Marlon game tomorrow.
What do you think? Sounds great. Sounds like a plan to me.
Mad Dog coming up at 2 this afternoon in the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog between 4 and 5. Then you got the Hupper Solo at the Yentah Center bringing the big hockey maven that he is.
At the Bank Atlantic Center between 5 and 7. Panther preview at 7 o'clock. Panther's going to make those playoffs. No. Got any chance at all. No chance. Any interest? No.
7.30. It's the Panthers and the trashers and then after the hockey game as opposed to just stick an ESPN radio on there we can look at a little bonus.
Game night with Jesse Aggrin. Now it's Christy. You know Jesse Aggrin was a Josh that was telling us about him. I know also. And is he belong on the air?
He's a nice guy. You know, if he ever stole a freight train does he belong on the air? Is he a broadcaster? He can get better but he's pretty good.
You know what Kevin answered that is? I tuned out it to you know as soon as you went to the sports world. So I don't hear that conversation at all.
After the hockey game it's game that was just the end of course the CSPN radio which is a great way to get you into a radio-induced coma.
Scott Barrell. You went up in Belkettika slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole. I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean I listened to Neil Rogers' fair and balanced one to two hours. Now after the Kenny and Bowsho on 560 Q8.
You are homo headquarters for the speech impaired.
Hey everybody look I get to believe again.
Go to the dude we got JJ on the phone.
Okay but first I want to say hi to my mommy.
Hi mommy. Look your socks go on the radio again.
I'm on the radio.
Yeah yeah yeah. Me too.
What what what what what I got to use that I'll take up over here.
I will.
And I'll find this.
Okay JJ you can go home now. I said go home now.
Oh yeah.
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah.
Coming up we got special guest for me back.
Who's he playing for?
Oh he's not there. Sports related and I'm done.
They knew easy.
And like I said the brain and co-pull will be joining us to us to discuss and the heartbreak is snorry.
There is a cop on the co-pull like Ted co-pull.
It's co-pull. A cop on the co-pull will be on Camaro.
Whoa look we have on the line. It's Boopie Pinball.
You.
Oh it's uh the big hand is on the 12 part top.
You know that.
And the little hand is on the back.
Yeah I think it's good.
Hey sir don't tell George we're going all that way.
Come on man tell me you're a light enough dude.
Do you have to leave if you want me to.
We'll learn this radio situation eventually.
You tell him it's a 1 o'clock at 5.60 WQ and don't forget that Kenny and Bo Morning show man.
It's really something Joyce won't let us say the word on the air but it is.
Now how we doing on the thing here?
12 o'clock when we got it made in the show no problem.
A 1300.
Mark it down.
All you people like to keep track.
Mark it down.
David Sarota on the Smirking Chimps says a 2 KD correct.
You know not only have I not watched her since those first couple of days when she was on I realized how inappropriate it was to put her ass.
Which is still is.
But I have never is the thought has never even entered my mind.
I mean it's so alien to me would be like like expecting to find people speaking Russian on my TV said it just it's totally alien to my mind.
A2 KD correct.
How come I'm grousing so much it's because I never got to make my bacon today.
Daily.
And you don't want to know why I didn't make my bacon.
Why didn't you make your bacon today?
Because yesterday I forgot to go out and buy more paper towels.
I see.
Well you can't make you can't nuke stuff.
You're right.
You need lots of paper towels.
Right.
Unless you of course you make it in the flavor wave.
How about what I do that?
No microwave bacon just real bacon you laid out on the you know I have any real bacon I have only microwave bacon.
I can do that during the next break.
What do you agree for when you're in I could go in there and smear it together. I'll find a way.
I could get some slightly used from yesterday.
Paper towel.
Or I could take 20 minutes off and go across streets of the convenience store and buy some new paper towel.
And go in there and make you know make it right the really good way and make it good.
How's that sound?
Sounds great.
Where's Neil all of a sudden?
Well he's across the street the convenience store buying paper towels to make nukeable bacon with.
You can always ask a neighbor.
There are no neighbors home right now.
Nor do I know any of these neighbors.
This is a very transient building and I'm not going to go knocking on doors asking.
Have you got any paper towels?
I have a little accident here.
I'm getting planning for my trip to Kanda harm.
I'm going to learn how to use the turlits.
Anyway David Sarota says.
I think what I'll do is I'll just I'll go in the assac and I'll get out yesterdays.
I mean that's not disgusting is it?
No.
It's got the fat from yesterdays bacon on it though.
It's all like munged on there.
Oh it's not not good.
You should squeeze it out and sell it.
I got news for if I squeezed my fat out and so I could sell it out of the pound.
I could get about wood buying.
You could sell it as hair tonic.
David Sarota says I like many people find it nauseating that the professional political pontificators see
unable to contain their desire to apply horse race analysis to Elizabeth in words announcement that she has life threatening cancer.
From CNN to Time Magazine to Rush Limbaugh,
the National Political Chattering Class is this way truly earned its well deserved reputation as a group of people dominated by
Ego Moniacl self-absorbed freaks wholly and completely out of touch with even the most basic sense of decency.
Perhaps the most disturbing display of all however was 60 minutes Katie Curric.
She spent more time for interview with the Edwards's behaving like a prosecutor cross examining them about why they're going forward with the presidential campaign.
And when I say interrogate I mean interrogate.
This was no ordinary interview.
This was a televised guilt trip.
She stated this fact to John Edwards that he is supposedly putting your work first and your family second.
She also pulled a Somerset technique claiming that an unnamed sum say that making this decision Edwards is displaying a case of insatiable ambition.
In pursuing this line of repeated questioning of course Curric ignored the pretty well known psychological value of work during healthcare crises.
She also ignored the fact that this is an immensely personal decision that doesn't require some multi-million dollar journalist to prove
that televised guilt most talent irrigation in order for viewers at home to glean the news value.
And most incredibly she ignored her own behavior when her spouse would diagnose with cancer.
That's right Katie Curric has no diagnosed with cancer in 1997.
I did a quick check of the transcript for that year and it's pretty clear that she kept working as the anchor for NBC today's show if not full time then pretty close to it.
I want to be extremely clear that Curric continued to work while her husband was sick was entirely her and her family's personal decision.
I'm not going to come it on the merits of that decision not because I think it was a bad one or a good one because it's an entirely personal decision.
Really who the hell am I and who the hell is anyone to question someone's decision to keep working during a family health crisis.
It's not up to me or you or anybody else to decide whether such a decision for Katie Curric and her husband or John Elizabeth Edwards is a good or bad decision because it's an entirely personal decision whether you're a national TV anchor or a presidential candidate or any other damn thing.
I don't care if you're running for Supreme Leader of the Galaxy.
You're choice about whether to continue working at a time of family health crisis should be entirely your own without fear of journalists trying to get a good scoop.
I wonder how Katie Curric would have reacted back in 97 if people started interrogating her about why she was working during her husband's tragic illness.
I'm guessing she wouldn't have reacted too kindly to it which she shouldn't have or she would have every right to be pissed off.
That's why I couldn't believe she of all people in system was a lot of interrogation.
I was frankly amazed that the Edwards didn't get up and walk out on the third or fourth question along these lines.
Curric at one point stated that politics is a cynical business and the Edwards is laughed as if to say duh.
It is a cynical business but it's cynical because people like Katie Curric are so utterly caustic and so utterly devoted to the scoop that they insist on exploring even the most personal issues regardless of their own personal experiences.
Pretty good crap David Sarota political strand is near times by something author.
Yadi yadi yadi and a partridge in a pair of three.
Katie Curric my ass but some journalist she ain't even very nice from what I'm hearing.
From 129 votes on our award winning pool even though 15.4% of the number keeps going up and up and up and we're going to give you a stucco meal.
We're going to stick it to you. We're going to make you feel like you want to blow your brains out or at least a lot of the balcony with that pigeon and look straight down.
I mean I'm a few floors up you know I could like I told you before the problem with that whole deal is you can get halfway down and you change your mind you know.
Yeah I would suck. It's not good. It feel like an idiot too.
Yeah I know I'm thinking feel like an idiot. Well you know you'd have to like engulf you know what they yell for.
You know like kind of way down make sure nobody paint in the ass by standing to get splattered down there with it.
And Norma Kent writes me and I just I read it again on my hot mail you know.
As opposed to off the blackboard to see if it would sit in differently with me it did not.
It was just as annoying just as unacceptable just as grotesque just as non funny he writes or here's something else you can rip me about on the air.
That I'm a jackass and as useless as useless as breast on a rattlesnake.
You want me to buy that? Because he put rattlesnake had lovely breasts you ain't going to get anywhere near it.
I'm just saying that's how you're supposed to be. I'll have lovely we talk it over here.
I mean succulent. I mean I've already done that.
Supple and gorgeous. Perfectly shaped.
We can't be talking about breast too much here okay because then Joyce will get all the ownership.
Man I bet you she's saggy all the way down to where ankles Joyce can you even imagine.
Don't make me go there I don't want to conjure that up.
Oh yeah. For disgusting. It's almost as grotesque that would be a good pull question.
What's more disgusting the way the Afghans use the toilets or Joyce's boobies.
Think about either one of them.
Please in fact there were a lot of people out there who just finished lunch.
I'm very good at profusely. It's a bad idea.
Countrying up either one of those images.
How about Joyce squatting on one of the Afghan toilets? How do you like that Joyce?
Right go. Yeah.
You bitch.
And the beat goes on and these people about a beat but a loop but a pop and corporate legal list and she's worried about this one and about that.
Yeah but she sure is all not worried about this show between ten and two every day I'll tell you that right now.
Because she hates us.
Me especially but you as well because you know you guilt by associate.
Right and Chris too.
That's right.
Child like the poison like poison speaking of a rattlesnakes.
She has a venomous hate toward us.
She she spewing her a venton like that guy said.
It's by jealousy.
What is that one? Oh it's one of the voicemails isn't it?
Were the guys talking that moron about me spewing my venton? Well I'll find one.
Sure we can still play it.
That's towards this is a...
No that's not the guy.
I ain't listening. I know my...
That's right.
Oh here you go maybe it's this one.
Fabulous and W2M4.
Is that it?
Yeah that's it.
Fabulous and W2M4.
I show five to six years.
I watch the morning show evolving everything.
I have a problem I'm taking my kids to school thinking commercial for a...
Through the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
And there is no warning it just blurt out you know.
Fuck you and you can hear the bleep you can hear the fuck you know.
You hear the venton in his voice and you know I don't have a...
Oh wait what was he? The venton that's what I was that's the reason I played it.
He heard the venton in his voice.
And this guy's got kids.
This guy's reproducing okay and I've got lots of venton in my voice.
And I'm blurting out FU on the radio right.
There's South Florida for you man.
See my suggestion is that if you've got your kidney car and you're all worried what he's going to hear.
I got my pants insured on by the way for wood by Archer Proudamy.
But if you're worried about that, change the dial okay?
Your kid will show you how to do it.
He'll probably be right over and turn it right back out of this show.
He'll probably have it a hell of a time.
Sure is how better than that country kisscraft you're listening to.
Oh sorry Joe.
It's in the said that you know.
Whatever.
Well that's because I'm not a team player like they call the other day.
You're not a team player Neil and if you were you would let Kenny and Boa have their guest on for as long as they wanted in your time.
Stuff like that.
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Ten minutes after one at five sixty WQ.
It's good.
And now another parenting tip from Kevin Fetterline.
Hey y'all was up escape it with parenting tips eight fitting.
Don't pull out the baby nose hair or clean their ears with a garden hose.
Though the ears will be clean, you fill them up with water.
Then you got a whole another set of problems with your diapers and with the nose hair.
If you pull out one of those hairs, ooo!
Out come out the rain right out the nose!
Yeah!
If you need me I do burp days, sparkle on your midsves and be a-
Josh bodies.
You welcome.
This has been another parenting tip from Kevin Fetterline.
For your father, for your father, 243 votes on a poll.
1243, that's not too bad.
But who's counting?
Wait a year this is going to get you really mind you wouldn't care.
When you actually would.
All the pitting of which you're smoking.
I was going to say you're not a smoker.
But then again it all depends.
Right.
Sometimes I'm on fire and then I'm smoking.
Sometimes I'm.
Baaaay mate!
So I've been told this isn't yesterday's Toronto star and what amazes me.
And again, well we don't care about what's happening in Canada.
Canada sucks me.
Oh that's right, I forgot.
But I'm going to tell you anyway.
Because in a country that supposedly is progressive is this one generally is.
Like on, you know, Mirro Mirajewini and the gay rights and gay marriage.
And just a whole variety of things.
You know, and personal freedoms.
This just crossed my ass a little bit, even though I'm not a smoker.
See I'm one of those people who's all in favor of banning things that have to do with other people.
In other words, if it's not my own personal ass to grind that I don't care about it,
that selfish is what that is.
And there is few things in the world that are worse than being selfish.
No smoking in apartments, question mark?
Health Minister says he thinks debate on the subject will be a fine idea.
A...
Niiiight!
The time has come to debate whether or not smoking should be banned in some apartment buildings.
Ontario Health Minister George Smitherman said yesterday,
amid growing pressure to curb the deadly effects of second-hand smoke and high-rise buildings.
While Smitherman said he'd rather see market forces driveland lords to declare their building smoke free,
he acknowledged it would be worth having the discussion about whether legislation would be necessary to back up any ban.
We've got to look at it from a regulatory standpoint.
He said, we sure will do that.
There will be a good discussion, but there is a lot of power in the hands of the people.
He said, landlords, hospitals, and anti-smoking activists say they would welcome a debate about banning smoking in some apartment buildings,
because they say tenants don't have the choice of a smoke free environment now.
It sounds like somebody's blown a lot of smoke to me.
Premier Dalton McGinney, who has previously ruled out banning smoking in cars where children are present
because of being a slippery slope, was less eager to debate the issue.
That's not something we're considering, no, he said in Peterborough,
when asked whether anti-smoking laws should be extended to apartment buildings.
Lawyers and politicians are always necessary to bring about social change, Smitherman,
said, setting the example of hotels that have gone entirely smoke free.
Private developers and landlords in British Columbia,
B.A. Manitoba and South of the border in Michigan, have also banned smoking in some of their apartment buildings and condominiums.
Smoking is currently prohibited in elevators, hallways, other common areas in Ontario, but not in apartment residences.
You know something? The day they try to pull that is that they're going to start smoking so much again?
Whether Ontario wants to change that is open for debates, but they'll have to drag me on here kicking and screaming, man.
I just hate that kind of stuff.
It's a debate I mean, Gallagher said tenants across Ontario would love to have.
Gallagher who speaks for the Ontario Tobacco Free Network said two polls conducted last year for the network suggests
that people want the choice of living in a smoke free building.
Well, let them move for Christ's sake, okay? Go find some other militant lunatics.
Eumaniac.
Some 64% of respondents to the polls that they prefer a smoke free building,
over one where smoking was permitted, while 46% of apartment owners said smoke from the neighbors
had seeped into their unit. Oh, I hate when smoke seeps into your unit, don't you?
All the time.
God.
If they want to open up this debate and legislate you, that's good Gallagher said it would get people talking.
We need the industry to respond to market demand by offering some choice.
The polls conducted in March and November of last year surveyed some 18-hundred Ontario residents
and are considered an accurate yadi-adi-adi.
But Vince Brescia, president and CEO of the Federation of Rental Housing providers of Ontario,
said landlords can make building smoke free without some provincial muscle.
Landlords can't evict a tenant who has a pet, a little more enforcer smoking ban, he said.
Oh, really, evict a tenant who's got a pet? I didn't know that.
I think I'm going to go out and give me a dog.
And then you'll see how fast they'll pick my ass out of here.
What? What are you laughing about?
A little alike the time of the movement and a little dog.
I get a dog that can do an amusing trick like the one in the video.
I like the one in the video.
I keep checking every break to see if Spaz's spastic there,
and highly has recently that thing. He hasn't done it.
Well, at least I got to see it. I left my ass off.
I immediately clicked to approve it and it just vanished.
And the little thing came on there.
The item you're trying to approve has been set off in outer space, sent to Uranus,
there's some crap like that.
There was a technical problem. There's always technical problems.
If it's really funny, it's like us.
We got some stuff here that's really funny in the DCS.
Of course we can't play it. That's the point.
I'll give you a quick example.
Listen to me. It's a stand by and sneak.
You can't play that. That's a funny bit.
Right? Yeah.
You can't play it. I'll tell you another one.
That one. Can't do that.
You're what?
Well, you could let him say it.
What's that planet?
My ain't this way.
I can't do it a little while.
A little sound.
That was a chirp scratch.
Is that what it was? Yeah.
He's scratching over there.
Maybe they got M&M's got chirpies.
Wouldn't surprise me. Wouldn't surprise me what he's got.
I'll be honest with you though. I hate to admit this.
This is a terrible thing to admit.
In some pictures where he's like standing like, you know, almost naked, he looks pretty good.
I hate to say that because I can't stand what he pretends to be music.
Oh man.
You like that sound?
What's that?
I do like that.
Remember you used to read the lyrics or play the thing with it was just the lyrics,
the dry voice of that.
The dry voice of the original.
Now when you can't play that anymore, yeah, yeah, careful now.
No.
I'm just trying to get back to this.
For me, it's good.
No.
Yeah, if you have a dry voice, I guess you make different sounds with your mouth.
And if you have like a moist voice.
Wow.
And if you have a moist voice, there are going to be a lot of questions asked.
I'm sure that, especially in America, baby.
So anyway, Hillary, sure, President and CEO of the Ontario Hospital Association said if the province can do something to mitigate the harmful impact of secondhand smoke issue, why don't we just put everybody in jail?
That's the American way.
Let's make it the Canadian way too, way.
Good.
Golly Miss Molly.
Can't people enjoy anything?
No, Mo.
Can't they do nothing?
And like I said, I'm not a smoker.
And I do agree like in a place like Casinos, I hated that.
It falls through in Niagara Falls.
Before they finally last summer, they finally made the smoking band they extended to there.
And it's not that I'm a militant and I smoke her if you want to build up a good tumor, that's fine.
Just don't blow it in my direction, that's all.
And it's one thing about a lot of you smokers out there.
You sit down like in a casino like that.
And they hold, they hold, I mean, you see there's like enough ashes on there.
You could build a mountain with the damn thing.
And instead of like flicking the ashes and making it less aggravating, they hold the thing there and it's burning and burning and they know it's like wafting in your direction.
It's like they're taking a fan and blow it right at you, you know?
Not good.
Speaking of blowing...
It's $25 million earlier...
Yeah.
Hardly hardy hardy hard.
How many 10 people we got today?
You bastard.
You butchered.
Cut the pork, yeah.
Cut the crap. How's that?
Cut the pork.
You get that knife.
1251, I don't know if we're going to do it or not.
If you'd better start pushing this, Chris.
1253.
I thought 13 Edd was giving me that's why I wasn't pushing on it.
You'll get it.
And we still need 47 votes in 30 minutes.
I mean, it's just barely more than one minute.
You're worrying too much. I've been told that before. I gave exactly those words, you know?
You worry too much and then I got that from my mother. I'm gonna stop worrying always of this stuff
Give it back to her. No, then that's funny. You said that you worry too much. I've been told exactly the same words
I think George said it worked
No, George didn't say to close personal friend of mine said that you worry way too much on
Several occasions and I should have said well, that's just me. I'm just a schmuck, but then again everybody knows that
Still 1253 we need 47 votes in 37 minutes and we're not we're gonna wait a minute 37 minutes is that right? That's correct
I don't want my math to start in bad here because that's about the only thing I know how to do is the math crap
A senior aid to attorney general Alberto Gonzalez has decided against testifying before lawmakers about her role in the
Outstories of eight federal prosecutors
Monica goodlings and I'll not Monica. We can't have another Monica
Wonder if she wears a blue dress
See we can't pray any of that stuff if it's anymore either can we?
I'll make sure huh
We can't say no, it's good. I got bad implications
What nothing?
Well, at least the thing doesn't say in and out of it just as into yeah
Monica goodlings announcement that she would take the Fifth Amendment to avoid possibly incriminating herself came as the
Battle of attorney general cast himself as misunderstood it is conflicting accounts of his involvement in the firings
Goodlings of justice departments liaison the White House said I don't want to testify. Remember that song
I love that song and I got it here somewhere your buddy chickenick said it to me long time ago the
Parliaments and I want to testify speaking of faggot's man the parliaments. How do you like that?
Now if you were to smoke we're kind of cigarettes with you smoke not camels
Why not camels now what about Chris Chris ever been a smoker?
Nope, I smoked cigars for a couple times but not anymore a couple of times
Well, what is that like when you know a couple of friends weddings, you know to the bachelor parties and the wedding stuff like that
But yeah, that was about a year and a half period and then I stopped doing it. That's good a little kidding man
They'll absolutely clear. Yeah, I'm not gonna I'm not gonna lie to you
I love a good story and of course being a racetrack person
I have it to do that for years and years and years. I love a good cigar man almost I mean there are a few things I like better well
So a few oh
Oh smoke pouring from a high-rise building in downtown Chicago look at that on that roof now
We're being told the building is evacuated they evacuated building this is a precaution
But there it is 500 West Monroe if you know the Chicago area just west of the Chicago wherever you see firefighters
They are on the roof and they're pouring at least trying to get their own ruling towel
So it's going out there out this flames out it appears to be smoking now
Don't see any flames there are at least visibly so
I just think they may have gotten a handle on it will definitely stay on top of this story high-rise fire in Chicago
No injuries. That's a good news and all of this happening right now. We'll keep you up there. Well, thank you so much
There you go
Smoke is pouring I agree with you about that song man so much better than the drifters
Yeah
What about this town you're sometimes there are versions of song well
I mean that one little darlin by the gladiola's which I guess if you're from New York
Maybe remember that but little darlin was and the diamonds was the big hit on little darlin from about like 50
59 way back when before most you were born
There you go. That's the diamond
I
See what I mean yeah, and that was the big hit and of course that's because there are a lot of people out there
Unlike yours truly. I've really bad taste
Of the
Rodgers for 205 60
It's been there
for how
For over
In our audience, for the anxiety here the new camera calm. Oh
Oh
Oh, but yeah, you look comedy, but...
Well, it's not sports related, which could be the situation.
Oh, no, it's sports related, all right.
And that's what makes it funical.
Uh, fun, uh, fun, funny?
Yeah, funny, for us to giggle.
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
LAUGHTER
OK, here it is, gentlemen.
Both of you out there.
I can get this electronic device to work.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make a sound with my mouth.
Then, then, then, the saving sound with my mouth.
I make a sound with my mouth.
LAUGHTER
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I want to play to the audience.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I have to be like Alice Bennett.
I can't talk about this whole old age thing.
I can't talk about this whole old age thing.
Maybe I'll talk about it tomorrow.
Maybe I'll talk about it tomorrow.
And then the people across the street will say,
see we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
See we told you all the old guys are there at KUAN.
Add a little bit of flavor every once in a while.
Okay.
Although I must say you know Monday and somebody else just outweighed this.
And we are at 1300 though.
We are at 1300 though.
Well that's one thing.
Well let me see.
Well let me see.
Well let me see.
See the thing is not flashing because I haven't been taking any calls for two days.
Oh wait a minute.
Oh wait a minute.
Look at this.
Can this be?
Oh!
Line one is working.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Yeah George came in and tested it yesterday.
He didn't want me to tell you he wanted you to find out yourself.
I mean, Kurso.
Yes sir?
Schmuck.
WDQAN, hello.
Hey, how are you doing?
Okay sir.
Are you one of the good guys at Christmas?
I was trying to call you yesterday.
You know they have three sizes.
Like it.
Love it and got to have it.
Right?
What's that?
Well they are swarming you in large but I mean the larger is really large.
So what's the problem with the light?
What are you talking about?
The sizes of the ice cream serving.
That cold stone.
Right.
It's the largest loving I got to have it.
So one time I went there one and only time I swear to God I thought it was a diabetic coma.
I got the founders, whatever you mentioned yesterday I forgot the name of it.
Let me tell you something.
You know I'm a healthy male, 30 something, workout and the sugar level and that thing almost killed me.
My head was spooned.
So don't try it but you're going to kill yourself by eating that.
I'm on a wetty Rochester this weekend.
I'll see you in London Square buddy.
Alright Pally.
How are you Lektander?
It made me buffalo.
Although I don't know I'm not ready to go to buffalo.
They might have four feet of snow there this weekend.
There's no snow here and you know or anywhere.
But no in buffalo.
Boy this stuff is so damn good.
I'm so glad you came up with the idea of my mechanism.
Me too.
Man, I'm getting hungry.
I was it.
Hungry until now.
Can you hear how crispy this.
I can be a hot one for the first time two years and I'll put my on it.
How do you like that?
Nobody on it.
We finally get it to ring and there's nobody on line one.
WQAM, hello.
Okay.
So what do you say Chris?
Yeah I'd like to write out the calls.
I can live either way.
But I'm sure it's not going to go through a whole show again like Monday.
That ain't never going to happen again.
And like I said it's just a question of whether you know whether my agent slash lawyer
who is a very silly queen.
You're fair.
Whether he really is serious about you know getting Joe Bella holding his nose to the
fire or not.
And I really doubt it because he's always got you know well I've got this so and so going
to be on my show on whatever make believe station needs on this week you know that has no
audience that stuff.
And you know what else we got to do is the break.
I failed to yield it across one.
I changed lanes the intersects and I changed lanes without saying going while running around
riding a speedy ride.
I got pulled over on the interstate.
I need you to step out to be a hope.
I'm just riding like a maniac.
I'm looking for the pot.
Oh yeah.
Look at it joining this man.
I just watch out for the guns.
They'll get you.
I've made a mistake.
He's back on his back on two back.
He's a backseat full of burgers and say because those joy and shit me are under attack.
He's more than a cheap one.
I ain't telling you no lie.
Yes I have a big like a dad.
We can say no to 49 cent chees burgers.
Alright so we get a little crazy when he's stoned.
