No portion of this character will be produced without the express space of the U.S.
and B.D.D.D.C.S group incorporate the group.
Save for it, baby.
Save for it, baby.
Save for it, baby.
Save for it, baby.
Sporch Radio 560 WQ-A-L.
Miami, Fort Lauderdale.
New arrival show coming up next.
It's not a sports show, though.
So who the hell cares about this?
Is that my junior, honey?
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport men's room during an undercover sexting.
Accused of soliciting sex from a man who turned out to be an undercover police officer.
Now for the first time the senator and his wife Suzanne are telling their story.
I have been in that bathroom.
I don't know how many times over the years this particular bathroom is described as a hotspot
for anonymous sexual encounters.
Were you aware at all Senator of the reputation of that specific bathroom?
Oh yes.
According to this officer, you looked into the stall and the next thing he says that happened is that
you can under the divider into his stall and you said,
I did say that.
That is correct.
Sex in that bathroom.
Yes.
And put my pants up and stepped out.
Honey, are you gay?
There's no question.
Absolutely.
There's a marriage of convenience.
To cover a gay lifestyle.
Yes.
It is simply true.
And so will you resign?
No.
I won't resign.
I will finish out my term, traveling the country.
Soliciting gay sex.
Yes.
It's important to me and I'm going to use all of the rights I have as a citizen to try to do that.
Coming up.
I'm the bad boy, a naughty boy.
Probably even a nasty, bad, naughty boy.
Okay, 10 out of 205, 60 W to Kim.
He's traveling the tea rooms, baby.
He's on the tea room, Larry Craig, tea room cruise.
Did Joe forget to mention yields?
Now, he's probably so excited about getting out of a plane and traveling across the pond to London for that big dolphin loss against the giants this weekend.
What?
Nothing.
I get that joke.
Don't you think that's what it is?
Sure.
That must be it.
I'll look up into a frenzy about the big trip.
Because tomorrow we got Jesse Jackson all by himself at the AAA Arena tomorrow morning because Joey's going to be there.
But tomorrow afternoon we got Mad Dog and Joe Rose from London for three hours.
And then we got OG and Cannell with that.
You know something?
I have a feeling that's going to be the new afternoon show when Hank Depart's at the end of the year is going to be OG and Danny Cannell.
Towards all I can say is...
Oh my God.
Wow.
These people...
I don't know where to start with Tom Juck's blog, which I found out all by myself by the way.
And all of you helpful people out there on our Myspace came through with that.
Not the palm tree guy, not the Mickey Mouse Felix the Cat Guy.
Nobody else found that.
I found it.
Tom Juck had just roasts QA and an ass.
Nice going.
I like Tom again.
I used to like him a lot and I hated him like poison.
And actually he hated me like poison.
Because I dare to criticize him.
First his wife hated me like poison and Tom hated me.
But now I like him again because he ripped this place the acid so it's richly deserves.
But anyway.
So a chicken at yesterday, Bokob Ryan,
sends along to me a thing.
It says here's the birds I loathed low down on what's going on with them, eating the beesleaves.
By the way, anybody out there contemplating buying stock and BBGI, beesley broadcasting, don't do it because
why would you want to buy stock in a company where they don't pay their bills?
Wouldn't that be the first indication that these people are a bunch of deadbeats and not a reputable business that you want to like
put your life savings in and invest in their skills? Right? Right.
Since the start of 07 invoices will stack up for months in a time says chicken neck.
And only at the origin of my attorney direct to corporate they will acquiesce with a couple of checks for two or three old invoices.
Then that's it.
Few more months go by and have to call the attorney again.
Had the meeting with Joe Bell over the summer he's kept in touch with me about it.
There's obviously nothing he can say or just don't know what to do.
I don't know what to tell you, Brian.
I don't know what to tell you, chicken neck. That's probably what he tells him.
I don't know what to tell you.
That's what Joe always says.
I don't know what to tell you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Then there's a copy of a stub from a check.
Got this today made me as happy as a one-legged man in ballet class as Dr. Brian.
And there's like three invoices for 300 bucks.
Piece 900 bucks you got to check. How do you like that?
Nice going there, Beasley's.
The dates were 814, 821, 828.
Well, that's only a couple of months ago.
Yes, he has to have his attorney keep calling corporate over Naples in order to squeeze a few bucks out of them.
This is the kind of company we work for.
Audience thinks it's a joke.
They think I just make that up.
Now I didn't get my paycheck yesterday and day early.
Nice going there, jolly joe. You fat ass.
But that's, you know, I'm an extraordinary case, I guess.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe because I got such a good agent.
Give me that's what it is.
You want to hear Tom Jikers blog?
Yes, yes I do.
You won't be extraordinarily pleased.
By the way, before I do that, the lineup on this radio station has reached a point now.
It's reached a level at which I don't know whether I can bring myself to read it every day.
I try to do it because I want to promote whatever else we got.
You can do it.
Okay, 2 to 4 today because the hopper is busy at mom with covering the breeders cup, I guess.
So we got Ed Kaplan, 2 to 4, right in broad daylight when people are actually awake.
Then from 4 until 7 we've got the big O rock solid and Danny Kinell.
Oh my god, right in the middle of the day.
Followed by 6 to 7 dolphins all access with the big O and Kinell, which sounds to me like they're around for three hours.
7 to 9 it's Hurricane Hotline at the Ratskuller for the Hurricanes.
The 9 to 10 more dolphins all access infomercial by high school grid iron report with John Linder and Larry Bluestein.
And then World Series game number 2 joined in progress 10 to midnight.
See I missed that yesterday was promoting the fact we got the World Series which nobody listens to on radio anyway and generates no number.
Joined in progress.
And that's what's got Tom Jicke whipped up into a frenzy, pissed off and fired up little Tommy.
The headline on his blog is WQM World Series Agenda A Disc Race.
Absolutely.
It is a disgrace.
He says remember those days of the past and part of the Tree of the World Series was hearing the games called by play by the
play by the audiences of the competing teams rather than the network regulars who have taken over now.
XM satellite radio is bringing back that custom for this year's Boston Colorado matchup.
Subscribers will have the option to listen to the Rockies announcing team on one channel.
The Red Sox on another, they standard national feed on the third and a Spanish call on a fourth.
Thanks, great, Blitz.
In addition to the diversity, this will be a welcome service for baseball fans in Broward who can't pick up WEMF out of Palm Beach.
It will be the only way they'll be able to hear all of the World Series on radio.
WQAM will be joining the World Series games in progress in order to air Dolphins All Access, the Unlistenable Nightly Program.
It's part of the package the station had to swallow to land the overpriced rights to the games of this winless team.
Wow.
Can I read that paragraph again to have your permission?
Please, please read it twice.
WQAM will be joining the World Series games in progress in order to air Dolphins All Access, the Unlistenable Nightly Program.
That's part of the package the station had to swallow to land the overpriced rights to the games of the winless team.
Oh, and seven last time I checked.
Oh, oh, and seven.
It's one thing to preempt the World Series to monitor commitment to another local franchise's games to do it for what amounts to a nightly, informal, is beyond disgraceful.
To be fair, the tickets 790 did the same thing when it had the rights to the Dolphins.
That was before Joel Feinberg got busted for beating up his girlfriend, by the way.
What's your name? Susie Penrod?
Yes, Susie.
Sus and Buckingham, Sus and you're really cruising and you're losing.
Granted, the Dolphins are still number one in town despite possibly being on their way to an imperfect season,
but would fans be underserved by only nine hours a week rather than ten of all access during the World Series?
Leaving the talk show about a half hour early Wednesday in the United States,
all of us would take to present the first two World Series games from the first pitch in their entirety.
Actually, that's not quite true.
To wait in South-Aesthu Pintini, the World Series will not be joined on Thursday until 10 p.m.
so that W.C.M. can present a high school football talk show.
Oh, my God! I think I just read that, and I all assess.
Saturday's third game could be the only one presented in the Centaurity on W.C.M. since the Hurricanes are office week.
Maybe W.C.M. will start the Dolphin Pre-Game show a day early.
What a stilch that is. How do you like that for a shot, huh?
I've got a little tummy.
Sunday, a form follows. It could be very late in World Series game 4 before W.C.M. joins the broadcast after a 5 or 6 hour Dolphin post-game show
because only a 4 hour post-mortem just won't do.
And then here comes the winner. This sentence right here, I should circle it, have it framed in gold and put up on the wall.
Tom Dicker writes, it is no accident W.C.M. has managed to squander the dominance ahead from the moment it became a sports talk outlet.
I'm going to read that sentence again with your permission even without it.
Okay, it's no accident W.C.M. has managed to squander the dominance ahead from the moment it became a sports talk outlet.
That is correct. These people specialize in one thing.
And I'm talking about Jolly Jo Bell and his little boy program directly, they specialize in...
That's right.
That's what they know. They really know their...
They can almost take a bite and they just inundate the audience with crap. That's why the...
That's the vanishing audience. We're used to be the audience.
Because it's not that the guys across the street are putting something good on you or a good product. No, absolutely not.
In fact, once they drop off, like I said last couple of days, drop off that bogus July from the rolling three-month trends,
which would be the very next trend comes out, will be August of September, October.
Their numbers are also going to be in the toilets.
Move over, Tidy Bull. Man, got a lot of company in there, baby.
What a scathing and very accurate.
I take issue with none of what he said. Although I will say again that World Series on Radio, since all the games are at night now, that gets zero.
Oh!
Nothing.
Because anybody who cares is watching on TV, on free TV.
And not only are they watching on TV, but there's two different telecasts. You're right, aren't you, Chris?
Yes. They got the Fox Telecast with who's doing it, Joe Buck?
I really couldn't tell you because I don't care.
I think Joe Buck. And then the umpsh is Tim McCurray.
And then they got the alternate Major League Baseball. I forgot what they call it.
But Dave O'Brien, that turn code, is on there with what's his name? Rick Sutcliffe.
So there's everywhere in the world to see it for free, and nobody listens to it on a radio.
So granted, it's a disgrace and embarrassment, but nobody listens anyway.
So it's not quite as big of a smith of time, but I'm glad that he did make a big deal out of it, because it's just another excuse to rip these people the giant fat, smelly pimple-ass, and they so richly deserve.
They are pathetic.
Pathetic.
Look at this line up today, man.
Well, who is on the air?
I'm not going to say it. I didn't want to say it.
I mean, in any case, he's a lame duck anyway. He's on a way out.
They already tried to can him once, and then there was like a rebellion against that from all those gamblers, and Eddie is back, but he's on a way out.
They got to find somebody real cheap who will pay them to work at night, like the Beast.
And you know it's going to be the Beast because he's a Clarence's boyfriend, so he'll obviously get the nod.
Plus, he's got to make that extra cast to support that baby that he made.
Yeah.
I think about that, and it just, I don't know, it just makes me gag.
The fact that that creature is reproducing, not that I don't like him. I mean, he's a likable guy, although it doesn't belong on the air, even to say hello or goodbye.
And also a professional troublemaker.
We've got several of those around the building. They waddle around Robert Grieper.
Remember when Moe was there, and he'd come in and dismoe to us, and they'd go back and dis us to Moe and dis that and obviously...
Yeah, they're valuable resource.
Yeah.
From minutes after 10 to 5.60 WM Happy Thursday. It is a Thursday, which means we've got our neodymium coming up at noon today.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Go, the honey, Junior!
Yeah.
Yeah.
Down in Miami, we're in a losing cell building. There's a big, fast, basket-made jolly job.
He manages a radio station there, and when he comes to pre-in-bills, Joe don't care.
That'd be a good boy.
And when a baby love up, ho ho ho ho ho ho!
That'd be, that'd be, that'd be a good boy.
Why does he have a good boy?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, that'd be a good boy.
Joe's picked a point out that these lead greed has a spending freeze.
Crackers freeze.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice but to lose on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
That'd be jolly good boy.
Man, not a baby love up, ho ho ho ho ho!
That'd be, that'd be, that'd be jolly good boy.
And he's there with a good boy, that'd be jolly good boy.
That'd be jolly good boy.
I'm looking forward to seeing that these joys on the corner of the job in Palm Metal Park Hills.
Walking through the traffic plate, they're cardboard signs, it says.
Oh, but that beatbox man. Can you smell me a dime?
Who can make me jolly good boy?
You're five, you're gonna get your fuck off, ho ho ho ho ho!
That'd be, that'd be, I'm your favorite, that'd be, I'm your favorite, that'd be, uh, ho ho ho ho ho!
That'd be jolly good boy.
Amen.
1018 at 560.
So Tom Dicker says it is no accident that W.D.C.M.
is managed to squander the dominance it had from the moment it became a sports talk outlet.
They squandered it baby, they blew it down the toilet, and fat ass jolly jo man from the moment he came in from the
moment the jolly jo bell regime started.
I would say that he and scan Cameron have a lot in common, maybe that's why it's a perfect fit, you know, to him in the dolphins.
Okay, you see the direction that does, you know, it makes sense to have to thought of it that way.
Yeah, a good match.
Anyway, how's that pole coming? We do have a pole and Chris is, we can make our goal is a thousand today, we have
992 votes. Can we do it?
994, yeah, I think we do it.
994, boy, you're ahead of me.
I'm not going to talk about the fact that Chris and George invite people in for the free food we get on Thursday so they can get laid.
I'm not going to mention why.
We talk about it.
Oh.
So you really? Sure.
I thought Chris was very, oh, it's not Chris that's uptight, it's his girlfriend that's uptight about me mentioning her around a year because maybe that's what he doesn't want to talk about.
No, well, they're not doing anything.
Okay, they're just eating.
That's right.
What was most over hyped?
That's our poll question.
They we have 994.
Let's get a whole bunch more or we go out the door.
Why 2K, 461?
Why 2K?
The world was going to come to an end.
Electricity was going to get shut off.
Water was going to stop coming out of your fair faucet.
It was going to be like, oh, all the wall street was going to get all screwed up.
What are we going to do?
Yeah.
And of course, nothing happened.
Nothing.
Nothing.
Not little, but nothing.
Why 2K?
Formed in 61.
Wind's hands down your pants.
The war on terror.
250.
They're so-called war on terror.
Invented so they can take away all of your civil liberties and start invading countries all over the rest of the world and hook up the long American...
Cheerfully oil.
Yeah, it's interesting though that they're good.
It's a good thing for the Saudis that banned our Bush holds hands with George W.
Because otherwise we'd have already bombed them into oblivion.
I mean, who the hell needs them?
Talk about sponsors of terror.
Wasn't it the Saudis that financed 9.11 and all those attacks in 15 of the 19 so-called suicide bombers who were Saudis?
Yes.
You started up again?
War on terror 250.
War on terror, my ass.
Democratic Congress 136 speaking of my ass, my God.
What a disgrace.
What a bunch of cowardly whims.
We don't have a two-party system.
We have a no-party system.
Or maybe a system in all party system.
All party all day.
I know people like that, you know?
Party all night, sleep all day.
Democratic Congress 136.
Global warming 54.
The Segway 43.
Now, how come that's not getting more votes?
They probably people forgot what it was.
That was going to revolutionize.
Remember, they were teasing it for a couple of days ahead of the announcement.
It was going to revolutionize the way we live.
Kind of like instead of having cars, people are going to have their own little planes and fly around.
Isn't that one of the visions we have for the future?
Isn't it that you have your own little strap on wings?
Like rocket men?
That's great.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
And if you want to go from point A to point B, now that we have GPRS, you know,
you can just decide, I'm going to fly from here, I'm going to be in Paris in a few hours.
You know, right?
Right.
Of course, some of those people who can't fly straight,
they'll be flying into each other up there.
So, the Segway 43.
Have you ever seen anybody with one?
I don't, I see kids with, you know, roller blades and roller balls and...
Yeah.
I don't see anybody with a Segway.
I've never seen anybody with one, I don't believe.
43 people said that was the most overhyped.
Bird flu, 26.
Oh yeah, everybody's going to die.
Bird flu.
SARS-10.
Oh, believe me, I know that here.
And if I ever come back there, I better go into quarantine for a few weeks ahead of time.
Who was that, was that George Corso's idea?
And he'd nearly departed Miguel.
When we had SARS and Toronto, and I was coming down there to do shows.
Back in the days when I was stupid enough to come down there and do any shows.
If you're a queen, then you're un-creened.
You need to go into quarantine.
I see.
Mad Cowdazies, seven and killer bees, seven out of nine, 99.
Next one, we hitle be a thousand, and I'm going, now a thousand and four.
They're coming in in chunks now, Chris.
Chunks.
Wow.
Well, I got to stick around to least noon because that's when we got the, um,
Neil deal coming up.
And then George will be on.
I think that's what I'm going to do.
I'm just, because Tom Dick has got me so pissed off.
Not at him, but at these people.
I was already pissed off.
I'm perpetually pissed off at them because they're just, they're butchering it.
And I, and I'm the one guy that's been sitting here for the last couple of years telling you.
I've been giving you a direct play by play blow by blow of the decimation of the evisceration of what this radio station used to be.
I mean, the crap that they put on the air just amazing to me.
And the stuff that they signed away everybody's life to in order to get the dolphins back on here to kiss Wayne's ball spot 50 times today and put that dolphins all asses infomercial on there.
It's just unconscionable for a team that I wouldn't wish on Hitler and, uh, mancolder.
It's just pathetic.
Hey, by the way, Scan Cameron, you're tragic.
On Oprah and Cam, he's got a lot of issues.
Yeah, his team blows.
According to the FDLE, the don't taste me, bro.
Guy had it coming.
Now you've got a really masterful, a beautiful thing there.
Thank you. You've seen it.
No, I'm talking about this.
Somebody come to me.
Somebody come to me.
Don't say it.
Can we hear it?
Don't taste me, bro.
Don't taste me, bro.
Don't taste me.
Don't taste me, bro.
Don't taste me.
Don't taste me.
Don't taste me, bro.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I think that's what you'd be doing to Joe Bell and Karen.
I think we ought to have time.
Jacob came in and give him a table.
We're going to have him taste the bullet for hours and hours and hours.
Don't taste me, bro.
University of Florida police were justified in using a table against that student who refused
to stop questioning Senator John Scary-Kerry on campus last month.
According to a state investigation released yesterday at the APB San.
In short, the FDLE determined that our officers acted well within state guidelines.
University President Bernie Mocken said in London students, faculty and staff.
Where's that Macken, M-A-C-A-T-N, or Maken?
According to the Gainesville Sun University of Florida College of Journalism and Communication
student Andrew Meyer, approached an open microphone at the University Auditorium and demanded
that Carrie answer his questions.
The student claimed that the University Police Department officers had already threatened
to arrest him and then proceeded to question Carrie about why he didn't contest the 2004 presidential
election and why there had been no move to improve, impeach President Bush, improve President Bush.
How dare he ask questions like that?
They make the way too much sense.
A minute or so when the one became a competitive diet tribe, Meyer's microphone was turned off
and officers began trying to physically remove him from the auditorium.
The Sun said, Meyer flailed his arms yelling his police trying to restrain him.
Six officers then pushed him to the ground.
He yelled, What have I done? What have I done? Get away from me. Get off of me.
What did I do? Help me. Help.
Officers then threatened to use a taser on Meyer if he didn't comply.
He resisted being handcuffed and was then tased, which prompted him to scream and rye then paint on the floor of the auditorium, according to the Sun.
The APA and two officers who were placed on administrative leave, pending the outcome of the investigation were reinstated yesterday.
Officers decided not to escalate the hard empty hand strikes, kicks knees or baton.
It would have looked like the officers were beating Meyer into submission.
The report which has Meyer's name and that other students blacked out, so the officers did what was necessary to control the student.
There were only about a hundred of them and he was about what? Six inches tall?
Our purpose has always been to ensure a civil and safe environment where the many types of campus activities and open discourse can occur.
Police chief Linda Stump said, Linda Stump, my ass.
Meyer has been charged by police for resisting an officer and disturbing the peace, but state attorney's office has not yet decided whether to file formal charges.
Spenser Mann, a spokesperson for the state attorney's office and the assistant may be made sometime next week.
The best talent in the whole budget is 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
7.7 BBG still in me. I'm gonna slash my wrist.
Breaking sport hold you is the idea. We interrupt this program.
You want to hear for something that only a few sick offense foreholes and management are interested in.
Health and Coach Kam Kenkankan, Gakamren, John Dunkakank, Amhert Swasey is holding a press conference now in progress.
We'll just have to work harder and give it a hundred percent. I'll take questions.
I've got a question. You know you stink. Why do you always answer the same way?
I didn't like that question. I'll not rephrase it. Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm with Kent State's attorney now, Yamora. I'll go ahead and ask you a question.
Why are all sport hold summits and dog do? That's quite small.
I didn't like that question either. What's that book you're holding? Let me see that.
Sport hold guide to fantasy dating. I'll take this. That's mine.
Not anymore, ain't? Now scrap.
Stop it now.
Don't taste me, mo. Yeah, maybe you're right. Put it there, John.
I got the taste of now.
Roll it away now. See? Roll it away.
And you like it?
Roll it away. Give that taste back.
Roll it away.
Roll it away.
Roll it away.
Roll it away.
1033, 2077, 411 and 565. We got any K for the mad dog at two. And then after that, you don't want to know.
I'm not going to tell you. I'm not going to read it again. That's good.
Hey, Clarence needs to be tardened further. He needs to be lynched.
You know those nuisance they were all whipped up about? We need to get one of them nuisance out there, QA.
Or at least maybe a few of them. Or we could burn a couple of people on the lawn out in the front on a cross with Nepega.
Sure.
52 p.a. GAO report released on June 1st of this year warned of the Bush administration's inability to effectively handle the disaster like the wildfires currently blazing in Southern California,
given how substantially increased funding for the West Forest Service and the Department of the Interior was being allocated.
President Bush presiding over FEMA during the much criticized handling of Hurricane Katrina's aftermath in 2005 promises those affected by the fires that they can rest assured that the federal government will do everything we can to help put out these fires in addition to approving weak instruction grants for uninsured residents and business owners.
I want the people in Southern California to know, says Bush to reporters, that Americans all across this land care deeply about them. If you don't have goals and strategies for carrying them out of your in a reactive mode, rather than a proactive mode, says the GAO's Robin N'Zero, read author of the report to the Huffington Post.
They say they're using five to ten-year averages, but each year the fires get worse, so they're always underestimating what they need.
White House spokeswoman Dana Perrano says in response to questioning on Bush's post-Catrina disaster response etiquette, we've learned those lessons and those lessons are being applied.
Former FEMA director Michael D. Browne Brown, however, laments the fact that National Guardsman that currently could be assisting with the efforts of California but instead occupied in Iraq.
How do you like that? The National Guard that could be in California?
Yes, facing you on QAM.
You don't have any National Guardsman because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard. No.
Said Browne and its telephone interview with WJLO to ATV, the White House needs to recognize that we are overstretched in that there is a problem.
Continues Browne, Browne, they need to increase the size of the regular Army and staff relying so much on the National Guard.
The fact is that there are plenty of people on the ground, we've got to join FEMA director, our David Paulson to CNN.
The Orange County Register and indict the federal government by law and governor Schwarzenegger's efforts to the contrary, on limits put on the use of DCT plans to drop fire retardant on the factory area, citing a bureaucratic overkill.
If we had more air resources as Orange County Fire Chief Chip Prader of the LA to the LA Times, we'd have been able to control this fire.
If chickens peed, if they're this, if we had management that any idea what they were doing, but of course all of these things are a pipe dream.
So put them in your pipe and smoke them.
1027 votes on the polls, only 1036.
Boys and girls, have you liked that Chris?
Not too shabby.
You don't care.
You couldn't give a fine crap less.
Am I right George? Is he care about his poor or what?
No, he doesn't care about anybody. He puts on a good show.
No, he does not.
Oh, okay. He puts on a bad show.
Come on people. Come on people.
Well, that incredible enthusiasm and sincerity.
Come on people. There you are. Now that was good. That was the best one ever. That was great.
Come on people. What? We got 1027 votes.
Let's get 14 today.
No, not 14 my ass.
Let's get 12 to 10 today.
Stop with a poll crap already.
It sounds to me like you're mailing it in.
Stop mailing and leave that to mefo.
Okay, leave that to mefo. He's the one that mails it in.
And lives large and uses airy, stupid ass dumb ass cliché that Steve Nichol could ever write down for him.
Oh my god, living large my ass.
They don't get much larger.
He just...
Now you know that's not true. I don't have a huge ass.
Some people in the building have a huge ass. Some people on this show did.
That was funny.
Yeah, that's right. Not too far away from where you're sitting right now. Some people might have a big fat ass.
One of the have to bring the girlfriend in there to split the food up so they don't like bust the chair.
How many hands that beast?
There's another one with an ass decided.
I think like Rhode Island and Delaware are smaller than his ass.
There are states smaller than the beast's ass.
But how many of you doing one of those shows? Maybe how many of you doing a hand spot?
Even though they're doing this nationwide search, you know damn well that all this crap they got on now.
Like the big Owen Danny Canal.
Oh, and what is it with these two man shows? What is that all about?
Remember how guilty in the...
Mo worked out so well.
That worked out really well too, just like the morning show we got now.
I mean, bow and...
That worked out really well.
Another Joe Bell nightmare, another invention of Dr. Frankenstein.
A man who was wreaking havoc in this place.
Corned the Tom Jicca.
What was that line of Tom used?
Where is it?
He said, don't taste me, Mo.
No, he said.
It is no accident. WQM has managed to squander the dominance it had from the moment it became a sports talk outlet.
Now it's easy for Tom to say that now because with Eddie Kay leaving,
Tom won't be filling in for Eddie Kay anymore because Eddie Kay is going to be on the station.
So Tom won't be on QA anymore.
So it's easy for him to take a shot like that, a really accurate and well deserved shot.
But it grows the pair of balls when you have nothing to lose.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Well, he already knows he's not coming back on a station to fill in for anybody so he can rip them and ask.
And say no wonder there's sucking wind.
No wonder with the kind of leadership they got over there right now,
kind of idiots putting swill on here.
I mean, just non-stop morning, noon and night, unbelievable.
People that shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a microphone, much less to speak into one.
And this is what it is, man.
The Jack Acroesita.
We are carrying it to an extreme license which has never been seen.
Like, too, today, look at that.
We had Jimmy Cifalus and Joe Bailey.
I'd rather have Jack Bailey from Vernon Downs on her, at least seen her where the hell the finish line was.
Oh, God. How about that Amos? I mean, Angus Allen.
Let's start doing the harness racing show, obviously.
Let's do it.
No.
So, would you like better Harold Fisher or Sandy Fisher?
Kenneth Mousmacho.
Oh, I don't know.
I like what I'm saying.
Twenty before eleven, if I don't start getting involved in stuff you don't know about,
then I'll start showing curves at you like Harold Snodgrass.
And then you're really that's right.
Tommy Winn.
Doesn't Wilburn.
When it comes to harness racing names, man, I could sit here and I could just pop pop pop pop.
From now until the day they stuck me in a box for years.
Pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Race, style. There you go. There's a guy.
What's up, man?
What's up, man?
More twists and turns in the doggy dispute involving Ellen DeGeneres, the celebrity, the drama, the tears.
Things are going so terribly wrong right now.
Ellen's dog, how long will this go on?
Ellen's dog, I don't care who is wrong.
Ellen's dog, the news goes on and on.
Ellen's dog, can we make the story come?
Ellen, did you follow?
There's a big group of people.
There's a big group.
They took big heat out.
There's a big group of people.
They sent us home.
There's this rescue group on a power trip.
On a power trip.
But if Ellen knew one, we should get a drink.
It can't happen.
You know I'm trying hard to care, but it makes me scream.
All I see is Ellen crying when I look at TV.
Ellen's dog, please make this story come.
This is so dumb, I don't even deserve this song.
Ellen, get your seat.
Just what this story needs.
A children we have come to make a meal of Ellen's dog.
Dog eating dog.
Oh no, it's a dog eating dog world.
That's when I hear.
Whatever that means.
I know what it means, but it just...
Anyway, 1046, 14 before 11 at 5.
60 WQM, wait till you hear what we have on later today, baby.
All the way until the World Series join in progress.
Tom Jicker writes.
It is no accident.
You know something, I should read the whole article just over and over again.
What an hour, how's that?
No, just over and over again.
You know, we got the...
You know, you're reading it already, we just looped that right now.
Okay, so I can go lay down.
Yeah, give Chris, you know, a minute to queue it up.
No, I don't want to do that.
I don't want to do that, that would be like cheating, you know?
Yeah, that would be wrong.
That wouldn't be right, because these people treat us so well.
They give so much to this show, man.
You have no idea.
Well, you do have some idea.
You can't complain about what they give to this show because they don't give anything.
Nothing, zero.
Zipity, dude, does, zipity, a thanks a lot, Jolly Joe, you fat ass phony.
Go back to Rolly already.
Let's get a real radio person in there for once.
Okay, we haven't had one in ten years, we've been higher than...
We've been higher than...
We've been higher than...
How are they going to know what one looks like to hire them?
And that's a good point.
If you've hung along, tapped your feet like Larry Craig, or even danced to your seat while watching purple rain, Saturday night fever or train spotting, you're not alone.
Oh, train spotting.
You're tapped your feet to train spotting?
Well, there's a song.
The soundtrack from those movies have been named among the 50 greatest by the editors of Vanity Fair Magazine.
The fullest will be revealed next month in a one-time, condinous magazine, Movies Rock, for two of subscribers of its 14 titles.
Oh, you just sent me a blank page.
You fixed me a blank page.
Oh, try to get...
What was it about?
Pull idea.
Ah!
God.
Purple rain topped the chart even though it was described as perhaps the best badly-hacked film ever, and it was a Vanity Fair said.
While train spotting came in at number seven, Saturday night fever was eight.
The Vanity Fair editor said the purple rain soundtrack was a flawless combination of funk, R&B, pop metal, and even psychedelia into a sound that defined 80s.
A hard day's night came in at number two followed by the hard day come, pulp fixing the graduate and super fly, American graffiti, and the big chill rounded out the top ten.
Then they played one fine day by the chiffons and a big chill.
I think they did.
One fine day, I love that song.
It's a Boston time in my life, early 60s, 61s, 62s, when I was still Jewish.
Saturday night fever soundtrack has been filed listening for anyone looking to heat up the dance floor, the editor said the white suit not so much.
Hey John Revolta, baby.
He was the only problem with that stuff.
It was John Revolta.
I talked that up and I really even heard it because he didn't have a cranked up to good.
Movies Rock, which will feature stories and photos of the project, stars, directors, and musicians who created the selected movies,
launches ahead of a two-hour CBS broadcast of the same title in the same day.
Alright, Movies Rock, baby.
Tap your feet like Larry Craig.
And crawl underneath that stall.
Don't stall, do it now.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested and then...
Oh, he's the best.
He's your typical self-hiding, fag Republican, baby.
Hipper critical, right wing, finger pointing, finger wagging.
Wag this.
Which was most overhyped.
That's our poll question and we got 1,054.58.
How do you like the way they're coming in in church today, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Most overhyped Y2K490.
War on Terra, 271.
You can't say Terra, War on Terra, like in Gone with the Wind.
It's the War on Terra.
Democratic Congress 145.
That was going to really slow down this fascist train that we have going on.
Did it work? No.
Is it going to work? No.
Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid between the two of them haven't got the ball of a fruit fly.
Global warming 56.
The Segway 44.
Bird flu 28.
The birds are coming, baby.
The birds.
We're going to all die from some nasty evil virus.
It's going to be like the black plague.
Oh, I shouldn't have said that because we got the O.J. McFeefy on today, don't we?
Oh, no, he's on today.
What's wrong? What happened? Oh, that's right. The big O.
See, they're doing this.
They're putting all these different matchups together like the...
I guess to figure out the chemistry.
You hear how the chemistry sounds between you and the like Danny Cannell and the big O.J. McFeefy and the Kim of O.Kamper and all these other people who don't belong on here.
The Segway 44.
Bird flu 28.
SARS 10.
We have some SARS bits in here, I bet.
SARS.
Oh, yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, we were talking to you now to SARS search.
Oh, oh, oh.
SARS 10.
I did learn to wash my hands a lot though during those days, during most couple of months when everybody was all freaking out here.
Mad Cow does E7 and Killer B7.
Look out for the Killer Bs.
Or as I used to say in Rochester, 950 WBBF, the home of the busy bees.
As in WBBF, do you have any idea what that means?
Nope.
No, busy bees.
No, BbBF would morten this bum.
Here's another blank page.
Oh, or line to this thing.
The back of the machine is seeming to have some issues here again.
Every time I back said it says, the four line condition.
There's no problem with line condition.
Listen, come through just line.
There's sheet of paper that comes out that says 4-D-I-Line or something.
There's a damn thing wrong with my machine or any of the things that I'm here.
Who said there was?
It's fine.
What's that there was?
The paper that comes out of the machine says, poor line condition.
So argue with the paper.
1064, baby.
We got 1064 on this pool.
I don't know.
Where that pool come from, by the way.
Was that a Charlie B pool?
No, that was a whatcha call it pool.
Sean.
Sean from Hollywood or from Hunger, wherever he's from.
Who always writes these, Sean, by the way, you can continue writing.
I mean, even said whatever you want, I appreciate it.
But you don't have to write those cryptic notes on top.
What are you write about yesterday, which I read it and was very depressing and demoralizing about.
I think leaving.
Oh, and he was rippin' him because about Hank's comments about Cecil adipping his wig.
I broke in through a bedroom window.
See, maybe part of the problem is that a lot of the jocks aren't well educated, you know,
which is an understatement, of course.
And they just don't, their social skills are rather limited, you know,
so they don't understand that they're just, there's some things that you do and there's some things you don't do and then there's a do-do.
Cecil, whatever happened to Cecil Collins, he'd keep intracting him, Chris or what?
I think he's in jail or something like that.
Come on, now stop that.
No, I'm serious.
He is?
For what?
I think so.
Who knows, but I believe that he's in jail.
I thought this was supposed to be a sports station.
Tom Jikker said it's no wonder we've lost our dominance that we used to have.
See, he didn't really come right out and said, but the current regime is a bunch of incompetent losers.
Losers, look at them.
They have it written from head to toe.
Loser!
One thing to be a boozer, it's another thing to be a loser.
And that's what we got.
The Pew Research Center, wait till you hear this.
If you think there's any hope for the human race at least in America?
The Pew Research Center has released a new poll showing that 41% of Americans responding are unable to come up with the name of any Republican presidential candidates without prompting.
In contrast, only 19% are unable to name even one Democratic candidate.
41% can't name one Republican candidate and 19% they can't even name swallory.
When you think that everybody would be able to name since he was the first lady for eight years, they'd be able to name swallory?
You'd imagine.
According to the Pew Report, the Republicans disengagement, if not disillusionment with the campaign is borne out by the fact that many more Republicans are able to be called on prompted the names of Democratic frontrunners swallory Clinton and Barack Obama, then can name Rudy Giuliani and other leading GOP candidates.
So what this says about Republicans, people are voting that direction is dumb.
Like the president, for example, dumb.
Well, look at that funky-looking dog.
I have so many questions I really just don't know where to begin.
I'm sure that's not the fucking Ellen degenerates dog.
They come and change it.
It's a dog on a...
Well, that cute.
Hillary Clinton's name was offered on prompted by 78% of all respondents in Barack Obama's by 62%.
However, no more than 45% came up with a name of GOP frontrunner Rudy Giuliani and even among Republicans, the figure was only 57%.
The level of awareness of Democratic candidates is far beyond what it was at a equivalent point in 2004 campaign, while the awareness of Republican candidates is generally similar to that in past elections resulting in what Pew described as a
sizable partisan gap in campaign interest.
Republicans are just hoping the whole election thing would just go away, okay?
President Conn was everybody just go away, leave us alone.
You're going to get another blank page.
How do you know that?
Because I've got another facts that said poor line condition when I try to fact you that thing again.
Pew has figured his further show that throughout the course of 2007 about half the responses have indicated that following news about the candidates either very or fairly closely, roughly the same as for other major news stories.
In the past, the level of interest is developed only with the start of the presidential primaries.
Despite this, 55% of respondents indicated they were finding the presidential campaign dull and 66% of elections were too long, while only 41% considered the president doing good,
a very slow job of covering the campaign.
And by the way, Steven Colbert has already moved ahead of what's his name?
The Midget.
What's his name?
Dennis Kessinich.
Oh.
And Chris Dodd.
And Bill Richardson.
He's already got the, you know, and it's a joke.
It's a joke, folks.
What was talking about that last night?
Brian Williams, somebody was talking about it.
It's a joke.
When asked what particular areas they would like to seek better covered by the press, the greater, the greatest number, 77% asked for more about the candidates' position on issues.
But what about John Edwards' haircut?
Isn't that what's important?
Isn't it a little raised boobies?
By a small margin of 45 to 42% respondents indicated they were actually like less news on who's leading the latest polls.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
They don't want it.
They want to smell it.
Because they know it's all a bunch of crooks.
A bunch of people are talking about it.
They talk a lot of crap.
And it's all a bunch of crooks.
And if any of them don't want to be crooks, well, they make them and their family enough, or they can't refuse.
And all of a sudden it's like, like with Al Gore there, you know?
He knew the election was rigged that it was fixed in 2000.
He gets up there and he gammels down every shot up.
Shut up.
Tipper and I and the kids want to live.
You know, we want to live.
Who was in that movie I want to live?
It was some very famous actress.
About some old bag on death row in Texas.
You never saw I want to live?
I might have.
I'm going to Google it during the break and I'll tell you.
You might want to see it.
I doubt it.
I doubt it.
It's black and white.
All black and white movies are boring.
I didn't say that.
Like Dracula was Dracula, but I liked it.
I didn't say that.
Go ahead and put words in my mouth.
George is all black and white movies were boring.
Like Frankenstein.
The best talent.
Look his real projects.
4.502 AM.
The sports leader.
This is the new Roger show.
Yeah.
This is your brain.
Don't know a question.
I can't take my death.
It got a harder story now.
Public ship or prestige.
Oh, best buying.
From St. Gall.
Oh.
And tell me what's great.
Come here to hell and hell beach for the fire.
As far as living goes.
Unless you're a hundred years old.
Father blows.
Pustal nasty pastids don't know the meaning of being nice.
It's hard and crappy in every day.
Deshmami, toilet, and angry swan.
For color wheel dumb of war.
I hope the ice boy felt and just drowned this job.
Oh, there it is.
That's the South of South Florida.
Anybody visiting South Florida right now for the first time?
That's the greeting from the residents.
In other words, the Yamama.
1103 at 560 WDQIN.
Doug Thompson has a com to it.
It might be a little bit more interesting, although it's depressing.
But a little more interesting than the one about that Shen and Duo Valley and whatever that crap was.
Okay.
Well, he's obsessed with that because that's where he lives and we don't care about it.
At least I don't do.
Doug Thompson writes, America's lost soul.
America, a once great nation founded on the notion of freedom, has lost its way.
He says America is a country without a soul controlled by leaders without conscience fueled by political agendas without honesty and dominated by issues without purpose, issues without purpose.
Some say the loss of soul began in 2003 when we invaded a sovereign nation without reason using rationalizations based on lies promoting a fear based on political expediency.
But America has been losing its grip on reality for many many years.
America is a victim of its own paranoia driven by an outdated belief in a superiority that doesn't exist.
The negatistical belief that our way of life is the only cure for the world's hills has led us to become a nation that attempts to export a vision of democracy that no longer exists within our own borders to believe that our own narrow view of the world must control other peoples and other governments, and that we and only we can develop own and use weapons that can destroy the planet.
We decry terrorism, we export terrorism to other countries. Our soldiers main kill and torture when we run out of soldiers our government hires mercenaries to continue our dirty work and claim all this mayhem is necessary in the name of freedom.
Whose freedom our own? We began losing our freedoms years ago and that loss accelerated as the smokes world around the remains of the World Trade Center and the gaping hole on the side of the Pentagon.
While we attach Chinese-made American flags for our car windows our leaders deposited the constitution into a shredder US ghoul and squads operating under the Germanic sounding name of the Homeland Security rounded up Americans and shipped them off to foreign countries to be tortured and denied the rights that once belonged to each and every citizen of this country.
A mentally unstable president used paranoia and feared to gain unprecedented power and bring the station to the break of dictatorship and effort by voters to restore some checks and balances to the system fell short.
When Democrats renegade on their promises and put political expediency above the will of the American people.
The billions upon billions spent in Iraq devastated the economy back home and we face an increasingly uncertain future.
As we headed into the 2008 presidential election season both political parties appeared destined to nominate candidates who support the status quo and offer no real return to our forefathers dream of a government of by or for the people.
Historians argue that America's Democratic Republic was always more theory than reality those who founded this nation did so with the premise that only white male and owners could truly be free.
Blacks were slaves and women existed only to serve men. From the beginning our elected officials came from the ranks of the wealthy and privileged they thought elected office should be public service, not a career.
Today those who aren't rich when they come to Washington usually find wealth either in office or by caching in when they finish their so-called public service they answer not to the people but to the special interest groups with large political action committees.
So what's the answer? I don't have one I wish I did. I've worked around the American governmental system for more than 40 years. I've covered it as a journalist and worked within the political system for nearly a decade. I served my country.
As a young reporter writing about the fall of Richard Nixon I thought America had sunk as low as it could go. I was wrong. The sinkhole deepened as kind like QAM. The sinkhole deepens and more simple American vandars disappeared into it a long ago.
Too many Americans gave up too long ago on demanding honesty of accountability or solid performances from our leaders. We judged them not individually but in relation to other leaders and we forgive their failings if the other side is worse and the other side is always worse than a partisan political system.
We can't reverse the downward side of America through partisan politics. Both parties in my opinion are corrupt. Neither represents the interest of the American people who give their rights as a foundation they claim to serve independent voices on both sides of the political divide can't succeed because party leaders insist on lock step compliance with predetermined issues driven by special interest money and political agendas.
It may be time to start over to rethink this grand but failed experiment called America democracy winced in Churchill one said is the worst former government imaginable except for all other forums.
Churchill may have been right. It would be easier to judge if democracy actually existed in a place called the USA.
It was depressing but he got his thumb right back on again dark Thompson got a thumb out of the Shenandoah Valley.
And back deep in there now the poll did come through by the way didn't get another blank page contrary to your predictions of doing it.
Oh good. I told the engineers maybe they diddled something. They diddled my ass. What are you talking about? They diddle something. What are they going to do that's going to make the poor line condition.
You know how they have that switch board system in the back with a little wire. I have a few about it. I've never been a screwdriver in there.
Oh what's his name let's be there. It was bad hair piece the engineer from IOD with that was his name Steve Ziegler.
Why? Steve Ziegler. Ziegler always had the biggest screwdriver right. That's it that was the only tool he carried. It's not the only one. He also carried a bag of McDonald's.
And that bad wig. I never forget today I was talking him so much about that ridiculous hair piece. He came in the studio and he took it off and he heaved it at me. Never wore it again.
No it's not just a charge Steve. Isn't that amazing how I embarrass certain people in like starting their bad looking hair pieces and like you know nothing wrong with a chrome dome.
Nope right right especially when you got a bad looking piece you know I mean Mo.
So anyway the full suggestion is kind of interesting I like the last one. Who should replace Hank Goldberg on WQM. Obviously there are auditioning teams and pairs on the year.
Tomorrow we got OJ and Cannell. Two X-Jocks neither one of whom belongs on here say hello or goodbye. Goodbye would be okay.
Who should replace Hank Goldberg on QM George Rodriguez should do an on-sport show with my votes say anything in the back sir. Bring back the crow.
Bring back Scott Farrell and see if he can't lose the license for real this time. Bring back Mo. Bring back Gelly.
Or here's my favorite just let the Cuban broadcast blend with the transmitter maintenance. Sure we got this heavy duty Castro interference which they don't tell us anything about and I'm free programming baby.
What do you think? Now you don't listen to the station so you don't know how bad it is. Maybe this can tell us how bad that Cuban interference is.
See Castro has always been the case doesn't abide by international broadcast law or any other laws so they crank up their stations to like 80's in Watts and if it happens to be on your frequency your screwed.
Now when I was at WNWS 790 we had that problem and the station plot appeal to the FCC we got permission to crank up our power.
I think we went from 5,000 to 25,000 months or something like that and we overcame the problem. Here I don't think I don't know if they're doing anything about it are they? Do we know?
Oh yeah our lawyers are the potential.
No I'm having a new transmitter baby. They have to spend more money. No we don't got it. We got to spend more money. We don't want to.
We don't want to. We don't want to. We don't want to. We don't want to. We don't want to.
These people are like a bunch of overgrown children. This outfit. The beesleys.
As long as I live I'll never forget that lunch that really marginal lunch with Jolly Joe and Norma Kent and Bruce Beasley and at the end of our lunch Bruce Beasley looks me at first he starts out by telling me that they ever since they've done the all sports format on this station they've lost money.
Let's keep doing that. Right. And he looked me straight in the eye and he said we're going to have the best dance sports station in the market period. That's all the rich to it.
And continue losing money of course but nevertheless. That's like saying that selling selling open toed shoes in Alaska is not a money maker but we're going to open up a shoe store and that's all you sell.
It's like broken stocks you know. Okay I think it's the Charles Bonso we refer to it as a death wish. Isn't that what we have a QM of death wish? That's what Tom Dickens said. He said no wonder they're losing their ass over there against a slime ball like Joel Feinberg who beats up his girlfriend because he had a band-aid to track. What up? Oh brother.
1197 votes on here now what a Chris ever going to get 8000 today were our goals 8000. Let's go for it. Let's not set these low goals anymore. Okay. Let's have goals really. In fact today at noon when we had those meal deal deals 100 of them today. Let's sell those out and get the first minute and get it over with. I don't want. I don't want to be sitting here whining. We got 40 left. I don't want to do that again. I hate that. It's the meaning. It's a grotesque.
You know what I mean by that? No. What do you mean? You feel unclean sitting here doing that while you have the situation with gaspies which I I didn't just shot by that because everybody knows gaspies. It's everywhere. They're all over town. It was two days. Took you two days to sell them out.
Farrow feels so bad about the previous week when I all and especially after getting that one email this morning.
I'm about to go play. I'm not going to go anywhere on the earth. I'm going to go play.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader. I'm the sports leader
Bob the music teacherú Come and出. I'm the velvet knockerú
Moon, a funeral. Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working. Run naked through
a mall yelling, kill a bees, kill a bees. Say the word tinny without smiling. Try to figure
out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies. Don't be surprised if it's the same
guy who said John Gacy should work with kids. Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries
and try to make a run for it. Disappear for great lengths of time. Try to touch your forehead
with your tongue. It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort. At a high
school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog is still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if he'll take a million dollars for one of his books. Try to find the secret
to caratop success. Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted
and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out. Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door. Go on a car trip with bobcastis
and force a disdainist car seat. Try to dribble bobcastis. Ask all your friends and family
for forgiveness. Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off. Wish
no real will to anyone unless you don't like them, then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says that completely happy are completely full of crap. Ask a hell's
danger if he's a woman or has you always walked like that. Understand that there are bad
people in the world and you may just be one of them. Sniff an old lady. Imagine Gomer
Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky. Do this without laughing. Find what's left of your
innocence. Understand it. Embrace it. Protect it. And every so often, take it out for a nice
notch. Carried off not to care. Home while you eat. Act strange and people will eat you
alone. 1119 at 560. Killer bees. Killer bees. By the way, yes, killer steak. Oh
yeah. Oh, you got your food. Now that's where my psychic powers are really kicking in
pretend with that was just on the verge of asking you what time is the food showing up.
It showed up like five minutes ago. For a minute. Right before that break. Yep.
Thickest New York strip you ever saw. Baby back ribs. Really excellent potatoes. Mushroom
gravy. You'd love it. Wow. Asparagus goose. They got some meatloaf over there.
Trying to make me feel bad. I do. No, no. Yes, you are. I am not. I'm trying to make you think
good. Cow. Mucow. Well, that's good. So I know in 40 minutes from now we'll put those
certificates on sale. And they better go really fast because it's good. Ciao. Maybe it's great
stuff. Chank. Jank you. I better pronounce his name right because 50 different people told
me how to pronounce it. Jank you. Great. Great stuff. In the smirking chimp. The gui de lemma
of Barack Obama he writes today. Barack Obama has invited gospel music superstar
Dining McClurkin to perform with him this weekend in South Carolina because he needs the votes
of black religious folks in that state. Dining McClurkin claims homosexuality is a choice
and if you come to him and presumably tap your feet three times he'll help you get over
and under this sin. McClurkin says he was gay for 20 years but he's cured himself. Sure,
of course no one of their right mind believes him but the problem is religious people are
not of their right mind. So what does the politician do? Oh, what a great line. But of course
religious people are not of their right mind. Amen, hallelujah. You can't turn your back
on religious voters. There are too many of them and you can't accept their ridiculous
assertions. So politicians like Obama get caught between a rock and a heart place. There
is no good answer until this country grows up and stops believing in fairy tales. You
fairy. You think McClurkin is the only one in South Carolina who believes homosexuality's
a sin and should be cured. Are you kidding? And overwhelming majority of the people in South
Carolina believe that and how about the people Obama's trying to appeal to in this case? Southern
people are not of their right mind. Do they believe in the Bible? Why do they believe
that? Because it's in the Bible. They're right. I'm not being facetious. It's right in the
Bible. Man shall not lie with another man. It's a combination of God. Now of course what
most people won't tell you because they're scared of being unPC about this is that the
Bible is full of schmitt. It also says you can sell people off the slavery as long as they're
not Israelites. Eating shrimp is also an combination of God. God is one finicky dude. There are dozens
of offenses that get you stoned to death in the Bible, including cursing into your parents,
mixing the wrong type of cloths or plants and adultery, George. Oh yeah, adultery. How come
no one's going on a national campaign to pass a constitutional amendment against that? Oh,
that's right. A lot of straight Americans do that so they'd like to ignore that part of
the Bible. Look, I know the right wing abuses the Bible for their own CD purposes. They
selectively quote the Bible and leave out a whole chunks of it, including the many positive
verses about helping the poor and your fellow man. The emphasizes of things that divide
us and our fuller hate. That being said, read the Bible, it's not a pretty book. It's full
of outrageous injustices, violence, mayhem, and pure utter, nonsensical crap. Now which
politician can say that? None. So what's Barack Obama supposed to do? Tell religious
people to go figure off or sing along with a clueless gay guy who's pretending to be
straight? I don't know if he wants to when he can't ignore the religious constituency. If
he wants to be a decent human being, he can't go along with people who are ignorant and
hurt others by arguing in favor of discrimination. My personal answer is don't become a politician.
My global answer is get the honest ridiculous voodoo we call organized religion. But for
the moment, it's hard to blame Obama for trying to toe the line, putting everyone on the
same stage, including a gay pastries conveniently found now, pretending to be a united and hoping
for the best. Bottom line is this is no BAMAS problem. It's the country's problem. He's
not so far as right. We're spot on baby. Spot on isn't spot on your tie. So what else
you eat? And you've had a big juicy steak in what else? And ribs? Ribs, chicken, meat,
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat,
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat,
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat
meat woman in dire life, in dire life, in dire family, her crazyantiology03, crazy diabet to a
missing child, wounded in dire life, she died with violence and was flashed 18 things up in an
has lean white meat in a firm moist texture and a mild and sweet taste.
Mmm.
Yeah.
T'lapi agriculture in Canada originated in Ontario when the provincial government granted
approval for commercial production in 1995.
Their high growth, hardiness, low cost plant protein based diets, and a strong market
potentia make T'lapi an attractive agricultural species.
Toronto is widely recognized to be the single largest market for life, T'lapi, in North America.
How do you like that, eh?
We may have a really crappy hockey team but we got a really good to fish.
T'lapi agriculture is practiced throughout the US Central America and the Caribbean South
America, Asia and Africa.
China is the leading global producer of the Latvia.
Oh brother, don't eat nothing from China.
We owe it.
Beth.
I think you've been led down the garden path.
Lemon 51 and a pool of votes are just pouring in, man.
It's like an outpouring of emotion by the audience.
Something's happening in South Florida.
I don't know what it is.
I think the audience is rallying to our side.
Now the time jica finally ripped this place in it.
It's not just me saying these things.
Anybody with, who knows, even a little bit about radio like Tom and I do mean a little
bit.
Anybody knows the source we've seen from this crowd.
As you watch it unfold and you sit back helplessly wondering when, when will the other shoe drop?
When will somebody finally say enough?
Good noog, stop already.
Let's get some of these people and went and doubt ship them out.
I say let's make a freaky carless to GM.
Okay.
Or the next person that walks in front of the building.
The next person that walks in through that door, you're the GM.
God, this man, man, I don't want to say I told you so, but I'm thinking of you.
You told me so, you're right, I was wrong.
As long as they don't have a pretty face, you're an excellent judge of character.
So you don't understand.
If they do have a pretty face, that doesn't mean I don't know their character.
Oh, okay, you just don't care about their character.
That's correct, you just don't care.
Congolese is speaking of a real character, a period agitated but generally unfazed when the anti-war
protestor waived blood-red hands in her face, accusing the secretary of state of being a war criminal.
Blood of millions of Iraqis is on your hands, the protestor told condom,
Lisa, who was Bush's national security adviser when he decided to invade Iraq.
War criminal, war criminal, the black clad blood-soaked protestor's scream as a thirties dragr
from a herring room on Capitol Hill.
Take her to the Hague.
In it needle-ons, the Hague, the international court.
Rice was testified to the House Foreign Relations Committee Wednesday,
where she continued to want some critics to see as the Bush administration's drumbeat to war with Iran.
Oh, boy.
We are very concerned that the policies of Iran constant who perhaps the single greatest challenge to American security interest
in the Middle East and around the world, more rice said, this is mushroom-cog, condolese, by the way.
Although video of Wednesday's hearing shows only one protestor getting in rice's face,
Capitol police quickly removed several members of the anti-war group, Code Pink,
who appeared to have caused no disturbance.
Code Pink members have disrupted administration officials' testimony in the past.
Stop, you're hurting me. What are you doing, one of the women yelled that she was forced into congressional hearing?
Don't taste me, Mo.
Don't taste me, bro.
Right.
7.56 a.m. and a pool man.
Every 10-thing changes, they're not coming in by the ones, but the votes are coming in by chunks
like from Opalaka and Akalusa and all over the place.
And like Okachobi.
What a Yahoo state, man. What a Yahoo Mugwam place.
Oh my God.
You drive around Florida, then you really understand what Mugwam is all about.
Like up to two egg. Oh.
Panama City, they got those beautiful beaches, they got all those born-again bigots, you know, all those little,
all those punks, brainwashed punks.
They're brainwashed with a religious crap, which means they hate everybody who ain't like them.
But in the meantime, they're out there and the beach screwing their brains out.
They're screwing their brains for Jesus. That must be what that's all about, right?
Works for me.
Don't you start with your perverted lifestyle with us, okay?
No, don't try to pass off your perverted heterosexual lifestyle on the audience.
Let me pass off my perverted homosexual lifestyle.
Homosexual again, no?
That's right.
1158 votes.
Most overhyped Y2K535, 46%.
Juan Terra, 301.
Democratic Congress 154.
Gordon Hs. Telfen.
Global warming 51, 61.
The Segway 48.
Bird flu 33.
Sars 11.
Mad Cow disease 8.
And Killer Bs only 7.
WDQM, Home of the Killer Bs.
Wasn't it the Adolphins?
What year was that?
Which stall did that bomb-hower betters?
Bo Camper.
But what would you know about the Killer Bs?
What am I asking Chris?
He didn't know there was nothing about it.
You remind me, Dolphins.
You know nothing about the history of your franchise.
Okay.
That's when they actually won a few games.
That's what I hear.
AJ Dewey.
So you like better.
AJ Dewey or Tom Dewey?
Are you asking me?
You don't know who Tom Dewey was?
No, not really.
Former governor of New York with a mustache
who lost to FDR in 44 and who everybody thought
was going to be Truman in 48.
And the big headline on the Chicago newspaper said
Dewey meets Truman.
And when the late vote came,
saying that I came in there,
they're old Harry.
Give him hell a Harry, he won.
You know, Harry that dropped the bombs on the Japs?
They dropped the nukes.
I guess we can say one thing about Harry Truman.
He's the only American president.
He's the only president of any country.
He's the only leader of any country that dropped
nuclear weapons on another one.
Am I right about that or what?
Although we haven't seen the end of this current crew yet.
That's right.
With the biggest names.
The best talent here is in the projects.
It's 4.256.
QAM.
Big sports leader.
Neon guy.
Hello.
I'm right winged political pundit and culture.
When I get home after a busy day spent bashing
shoes, liberals, gays, Hillary Clinton, 9-11 widows,
Democrats, illegal immigrants, little sick kids,
Mother Teresa, Captain Kangaroo, baseball,
and old people I need to relax.
So I have a glass of wine and open a bottle of bitch-peg-on.
Yes, two of those little jail cats,
and I get so un-bitchified I could watch a West Wing marathon.
Just kidding.
I can never be un-bitchified enough for that.
But now I can un-wide and indulge my fantasies.
Like what it would have been like to a Venetian intern.
Oh, yes, Mr. President.
Oh, I know I'm too skinny.
Oh, oh, I'll eat more donuts.
Oh, oh, and fried potatoes.
Oh, oh, oh.
Was that out loud?
Bitches and culture for bitch-peg-on.
Remember, even stone-called bitches have to rest some time.
Oh, we can only pray.
1145 at 560 W.M., we got any K from Ad-Dog at to the Sep.
And then after that, wow!
You won't believe it.
I know I sure didn't.
Wait till you hear this.
All right.
Comedian Stephen Colbert is not a threat to win the presidency,
but the odds are that his satire will win plenty of laughs
and maybe even some votes.
A new Matt Rasmussen reports National Telephone Survey found
that Colbert has preferred by 13% of voters
as an independent candidate challenging swore reclinning
Republican Rudy Giuliani.
The survey was conducted shortly after Colbert's surprise announcement.
It said joke!
That he's a r- uh, lusty for the oral office.
The result is similar when Fred Thompson is the Republican
and the three-way race,
but Thompson is the GOP candidate.
Colbert earns 12% of the vote.
In fact, here's the breakdown.
When it's Clinton and Giuliani and Colbert, a swore recliped 45,
Giuliani 35 and Colbert 13%.
When it's swore reclinning Fred Thompson and Colbert,
swore recliped 46, Fred Thompson 34 and Colbert 12.
Last week, Colbert used his Comedy Central Show
the Colbert Report to the Nuts Studies,
running for president as both a Republican and a Democrat,
but only in the state's uh, state of South Carolina.
He first informed fellow Joe Sturgeon Stewart on his program
that so far he'd only decided to officially consider
whether or not he'll announce a habitual formulation
of both politicians and comedians pretending to be politicians.
Fifteen minutes later, however, Colbert was telling viewers
of his own show, after nearly 15 minutes of soul-searching,
I've heard the call.
Colbert is especially well with the younger voters,
most likely to be watching a show,
and therefore most aware of his myriad presidential-like qualities.
In the matchup with Giuliani and Clinton, Colbert
draws 28% of the voters,
likely voters aged 18 to 29.
He gets 31% of that group when his foes are Thompson and Swolory.
In both matchups, Colbert has more support
with young voters than the Republican candidate.
These are my people, Colbert,
who didn't say when he was asked about the high support
from young voters,
discovered by Rasmussen reports.
They know who I am,
and what I'm about and so forth,
is this thing working, are we on the air,
or is the Internet? Well, why didn't you say it's the Internet?
He said.
An earlier survey found that only 8% of Americans said
they would definitely vote for a comedian, John Sturgeon,
if he was on the ballot in 2008.
Just 38% said they would definitely vote against him,
and maybe worth noting that the comedian
outperformed Katie Couric,
62% of American voters would definitely vote against Katie
for president.
Hahaha!
Wow! What about Regis Filben?
What about the Haini Manouche?
Who?
What about Macy Pific?
Rasmussen reports releases a daily presidential tracking pool
along with weekly analization on the races
for the Democratic and Republican presidential nominations.
Want you thrilled about that?
Be with. Be with.
Just a joke.
Yeah, I want to...
It reveals that the other candidates, most of Mark,
just a joke.
Yeah, a joke.
A bad one.
It is, because it's not funny.
It's not funny, baby.
That's why it's more important to worry about things like getting laid,
things like that, and good food.
So what else do you got?
Did you have some desserts or something?
No, no, that was nothing.
That's enough. You're happy.
We don't need you having food.
What I'm going to do just in protest
if you're trashing of the Ackens diet.
Okay.
I wasn't doing that, but go ahead.
I know you were.
That's why I said it.
You are so damn sensitive, man.
You're so easy, man.
You're easy.
You don't even have to press the button.
You're going to lose hold of finger up
and pretend you're going to press the button like a...
Ack.
And all of a sudden you start,
I didn't say that.
We know you didn't say that.
I said, I'm lying all the time.
I think you didn't say it.
No.
Or you used to rip him all the time,
because you didn't like it.
He was a bad man.
He wasn't a bad man.
He was an able of a brilliant magnitude
of humongous proportions.
An ego the size of Uranus.
Well, at least I ran into a dude who I'm at.
And I'm glad he's dead.
He just fell down.
You're glad he's dead.
I'm glad he's dead.
I'm going to go get him a grave.
I'm going to go...
I'm going to go...
I'm going to go...
I'm going to go...
I'm going to go...
At least he was big, bold, and...
And he was a bit of gratitude toward me
for helping him sell 8 million Ackens books.
The Ackens died worse.
And if you stay with it for like two or three days,
you get rid of your sugar cravings too.
I can't stay with it for one day, though, anymore.
That's my problem.
Ask me if I stayed with the yesterday.
Did you stay with the yesterday?
No.
No.
I had tiramisu for dessert.
And ornurther, I don't get desserts and restaurants,
but my buddy, for whatever reason,
you want to try the desserts, yeah, okay.
See, that's all I need is a little encouragement.
Mm-hmm. Good.
I got the tiramisu, which is not that big of a deal,
but then I also have what else did I have?
I went and got something.
Oh, yeah, an ice cream bar.
Mm-hmm.
Caramel crunch ice cream bar.
You know, it's a damn good thing that Ben and Jerry's
is going downhill so bad, or I really be in...
I'm already in bad shape, but I really would be bad.
I decided this morning I'm going to lose like 20 pounds on Ackens.
I would be lovely.
And the guy out there that's worried about my wardrobe,
that Jack has, he'd be pleased to know that I was coerced
into dressing up to the hilt.
I mean, I put on a new shirt, a new pair of pantaloons,
and a new black belt, and a sport jacket, and socks.
How do you like that?
I like it.
I've got those new non-alistic top socks, you know,
that don't leave your ankles.
You want to sit down, don't cut off your circulation?
Yeah, good.
Dressed up like a real munch, their last night, for good meal.
Jack Cavarty says Bush is putting the poor out in the cold
to fund the war, and he happens to be...
Absolutely correct sir.
What do you facts me here?
All they're going to do is before we get to Jack Cavarty,
this always takes precedence on this show,
child musting priests.
Because a lot of you fools out there continue
putting your children in the hands of child musters,
pedophiles.
Because the church told you it's a good idea.
Jersey City, James T. Hanley, a former Roman Catholic priest
at the center of a highly publicized sexual abuse case,
pleaded guilty yesterday to a weapons offense
standing from an angry outburst at a hotel.
I wonder if he'd be that his boyfriend, his girlfriend.
Hanley 71 pleaded guilty in state superior court as part of a plea agreement
that will likely count a year already spent in jail as time served.
Hanley went to jail after missing a court date last October.
In entering his plea, Hanley admitted that he used an aluminum baseball back
to threaten three employees in the extended state of America
to seek caucus metallands hotel in 2006,
and aluminum baseball back.
Let the use in college balls.
A 23-year-old desk clerk told authorities that Hanley was angry
and after the clerk rebuffed his sexual advances.
Hanley requested the male desk clerk to remove his penis from his pants
and allow Hanley to perform oral sex on him.
Hanley, having been refused his first request,
then asked the 23-year-old clerk if he could just sniff his anus.
Oh, Jacob!
Oh!
God!
Unshave it and walking with the help of a cane, Hanley made no statement
as he was released in the left court after the plea.
Hey, father!
Hanley was removed from the priesthood in 2002, 17 years after
church officials learned that complaints against him.
More than two dozen men have said they were abused by Hanley,
so the Patterson Roman Catholic diocese
and agreed to $5 million settlement in 2005.
They claimed that church officials including former Bishop Frank Rodham
are failed to take action to protect the youths.
Hanley wasn't sued because he cooperated with the plaintiffs,
providing a statement detailing sexual action engaged one with about 20 of the boys.
The statement also said he admitted to Rodhamer in 1984 that he had molested about a dozen boys.
Sheeper by the dozen.
I wonder if it was a baker's dozen.
Oh, I'm just weak.
I'm going to read that one paragraph again.
A 23-year-old desk clerk told authorities that Hanley was angered after the clerk
we bucked his sexual advances.
Hanley requested the male desk clerk to remove his penis from his pants
and allow Hanley to form oral sex on him.
Hanley having been refused his first request, then asked a 23-year-old clerk
if he could just sniff his anus.
I just want to die.
Oh!
Oh, no.
I wonder if he wanted to motorboat him.
Wow.
Back him.
I made a 190-billion dollar Iraq request.
30 million Americans won't be able to heed homes this winter.
About 30, man.
As he prepares to waste for 190 billion to fund the war in Iraq,
President Bush refuses to approve an extra half a million dollars
that help one and four American households pay for skyrocketing home heating bills this winter.
The debate illustrates what critics say are Bush's out-of-wack spending priorities
after he vetoed a popular measure that would have expanded health care available to poor children.
No money for kids' health insurance.
No money to help poor families pay for their heating bills.
The President Bush wants 190-billion dollars additional for 2008 for his wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
CNN commentator Jack Caferdi said Monday.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid says the President's new request means
the cost of the Iraq war is now approaching $650 billion.
A water for the Democrats will give them the money.
It says they can merge it.
Rising while prices are creating a heat or eat dilemma for families struggling new or below the poverty line,
parents know that children can freeze to death more quickly than they can starve to death.
And so most decreased food purchases first to pay for a heat.
Wrote Dr. Deborah Frank, director of the Grow Clinic for Children,
and Joseph Kennedy, the tooth chairman of President of the Citizens Energy Corp in the Boston Grove Sunday.
The home heating debate involves grants distributed through the low income
and the home energy assistance program known as LIHEAP.
LIHEAP.
The program operates with an annual budget of $2.16 billion,
just 300 million more than when the program started way back in 1991 as Caferdi notes.
The House wants to bump LIHEAP funding to $2.66 billion a year,
while the sentence that proved to be a lot with maintained its current funding level,
which would cover only 16% of the 38 million owes of American households.
But even static funding is too much for Bush who wants to cut the program to $1.78 billion
for fiscal year 2008, that's less than 1% of the $192 billion he's requested
to fund dual wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and it amounts to about a week's worth of Pentagon wars spending,
according to CNN.
$1.82 billion on a poll we got $1,200, I think we go for, I don't know what did you say?
$1.850.
Now $1.14 my ass.
That's not even two a minute.
Let's see.
$1.8.
Well we can do that, but can we keep it up for the whole last two hours?
It's been 1.8 since the beginning of the show, so why not see Alice?
Anybody seen Alice lately?
Not lately.
You know what I haven't played in a long time, and that's because nobody knows who he is.
Well maybe people would have really good memory.
Well maybe I don't have it anymore.
What's that?
I have it.
2D through the Alice.
Oh, we've never seen anybody bring this.
2D through the Alice and standing in the front row,
Hitching up a sword, scratchy in a dog, yeah,
Painting on the false glass, airing up a soul, yeah, yeah, yeah.
2D through the Alice, Rantel, come out, come out wherever you are Alice.
You're simple, didn't you?
You're fair.
Silly person, you're phony, baloney, cell hating, fang.
$1.156, all of his show is syndicated, you want to know why?
He has an agent.
Tark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-8M.
I turned off my battery and I placed it on the table next to me.
Then I found a very gentle place in my pocket where the damn thing used to be.
3D through the Alice, Rantel, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come
out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out,
come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out
come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out
come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out, come out
right and askooooo
reports is there are now more than three-quarters of a million names on the
west government terrorist watchlist raising concerns list may be coming too
hard yeah maybe a few too many a GAO study out yesterday said the terrorist
screening centers watchlist contained approximately 755,000 names but because
many potential suspects have multiple names or aliases on the list
investigators aren't certain how many distinct individuals actually are
represented probably more like officials that the terrorist screening center
told CNN in September that the number of individuals on the list is about
300,000 senators you leave them in the chairman of the Senate Homeland Security
Committee said the sheer size of the list raises concerns leave them and said
the list contains an even higher number of records than 755,000 it contained
158,000 names including aliases in July 2000 for you said during hearing on
the list that grew to 755,000 by may of this year and now stands at about 860,000
names just five months later that's an early 500% increase in three years
everybody and their brother is on the list you terrorist man you lunatics how
are we doing 44 slowing down a little bit but it would have to because I mean the
way it was going there for a second okay I'm getting off of that okay for a
couple minutes me I'll let you watch it 40 40
woo heavy duty baby and then the fact that they brought in the food see that
helps oh yeah the great taste those great steaks and how juicy and
collectible and delicious you know what else they brought in what's that
macaroni and cheese oh I love macaroni and cheese I can't eat it but I do love it
mmm and just very good home made potato homemade mashed potatoes 39 they're
going out in chunks why I thought you weren't gonna look out why when you said
macaroni and cheese it and then you go back and there went another chunk of
uh... certificates right there 39 you better grab now because these these are
gonna go today I don't know how many minutes it'll be 37 37 see 37 I'm in
heaven I get I get really upset it's like an insult and then of course I found out
about one place but I don't want to sit on the air remember George I read you
that email this morning yep or at least I give you like a sentence or two about
it somebody was uh... well and anyway we know this is a great place and they
brought in food and you tasted it was delicious and it's a great location and
good guys thanks Lou thanks don't and this is Duff again see yes it is
Duff gets his finger in it you're fairly don't know that he knows I'm doing
that's right wouldn't be the first time I learned his lesson he's setting up
the next restaurant so well you know we'll go there ahead of time and they'll
be bringing food in Steve's long yes he learned his lesson he feels so bad
what about that Lumix hank Guerrero is he still there I don't know I'm
he's here I see him oh my god I was gonna say is he still selling there
yes he's still here present in the building he's still present present
and accounted for like Gary Sharmer he's still there talk about recycling how many
did you say now it went back up oh back up to 43 we had some bogus ones on
there we have some much that beats couple of dead beats couple of game players
a couple of fools couple of clown probably still gots in his boyfriend well this
is your deadbeat station yes it is well just as chicken a hillside he
he got three checks why he got three checks out of 20 now that's right he got
three checks what he complained about chicken it you got 900 bucks there what
what do you want what do you want like some real money or something from these
bastards from these T-Poses I mean what kind of a business enterprise is this they
pay the bills when they feel like it whoever heard us such a thing like that I'm
tempted to say to all the clients all of our fine sponsors on this radio
station when you need your bill in the mail from QAM just send them an
no-facts and we're gonna pay it like the beesleys when we want right now we
don't want we don't want we'll pay you when you pay book a Brian yeah when you
pay chicken act that will pay this bill you dead beats you lumicses you
phony balones you fools like Tom dick is as QAM is it a disgrace you know I like
that word I don't think you did often enough lumics yeah yeah
you MNOX my exponent right sure all that reading of these bedtime stories that
were gonna say on I just I don't like that word SCI when I know what it is I
would say see a ski on sky a sky on yeah I used to say sky on it and somebody
sent me street sky on you said sky on look I say lots of all back up to 45
we're like Kevin somewhere we're moving in the wrong direction on these I think
well for watching it oh that's right I better go back to the pool oh there he
goes with the numbers again you're mailing it in again they are you mailing it
then you're son of a bitch yeah well well well what I want to put well when you
quote with the numbers now you're mailing it in you son of a bitch I'd
learn from the best yeah nail it I got a lot of Canadians here guess what
there were more than your crappy stamps now let's take a look let me if I
have the guts if I have the cajon's take a look at the a lunch money it says
daughter I know let me see how the Canadian dollar the loony is doing against the
worthless thank you mr. President for those low gas prices that kids
should have been shot we should find him that kid that called back when we
had the racquetack and I was ripping and I said it's all about Gia OIL and M.O.
any why remember that I kept saying it over and over again just like I was the
first one I told you these were a bunch of Nazi bastards only on you get so
carried away now it's commonplace remember that great article I read yesterday
about the Hitler comparison Nazi bastards that's exactly what they are you can
hear the goose steps a million miles away come on let's see what that I can
handle it they're they're flipping it me up a right hand corner here they're
going to show me what that loony is worth after I get through seeing the oh the
vow is down a little bit the NASDAQ is down precipitously 26 point Canadian 103
and a third oh euro 140 almost 143 oh thank you mr. President for that
worthless American dollar we ain't got two nickels to rub together anymore
pretty since it's got a question like 80 much for going on a gas 1212 votes on
our pool 12 12 what was the most over hyped why 2k 558 won terror 315 and of
course I think we know why we have had another terrorist attack but then again
right democratic congress 159 global warming 62 remember cheesehead Tommy
Thompson he said that he couldn't figure out why the head and poison our food supply
because it'd be so easy to do it that was our cheesehead global warming 52 the
segue 50 bird flu 40 SARS only 12 I bet you most people in America
forgotten about SARS and so most people here too that's any about that guy who
smelled this Russian guy I had that old lady who was staring at my machine yesterday
would buy and then I had this smelly Russian guy who smelled like a combination
of booze and a still a baloney sandwich so you like that SARS 12 man count is
easy and killer bees only eight killer bees killer freaking bees baby 45 still
we're stuck on that thing now we have such a promising star or 40 again well
I will see I'll see how it goes no matter what happens now like I told you
about that stucco situation man you don't got to the audience that you're
standing do okay in fact I noticed I don't unless I missed it I didn't see
anybody even very jackass who's in their back pocket didn't write about the
summer book even though they might go right the article form yeah that's right
oh maybe when Joel gets back from his mug shot he'll write the article for
um very jackass a very you fairy
you
oh
invasion it's what every family fears protect your loved ones with the most
effective home security system available oh my god
hang on down repeat tango is down that wasn't tango that was my mother she didn't
have the password man thanks black water black water home security with their
exclusive shoot first ask questions later technique will guarantee your family
safety
what was that mr. Johnson I got a good news bad news scenario good news the
intruder has been neutralized what's the bad news we were unable to save the
box of them it's repeat then minutes our collateral black water home security
always ready never accountable 1217 at 560 WDQ and we got 36 left these
certificates for jakes 50 out of certificates for 25 bucks we were down to 34
and then we had a couple more deadbeats probably the same ones probably so
case to got system appellant from three weeks ago I like that and keep in mind
that's on their high rated show allegedly the dental bastard show you know featuring
guy who didn't belong on year when he was on QAIM and certainly don't belong on
year over there but nevertheless that seems to be the thing now in in so-called
radio in South Florida people who don't belong on the year did you know that
uh before lever talking over there he was on ESPN radio on the weekends he was
I do know that because what he used to do is sometimes he would take a segment
and it would come in during our show and would wind up bleeding over on our
air and it would screw remember that George nope yeah you do yeah I do oh he's
to do it live also on Sunday and it does he like I would be here running the
board for a regular show 32 yeah and uh all he would come in and ask is that
where's the bathroom didn't talk to you didn't say nothing he's a crap huh
well you know dance faster although I guess his show is a little more
entertaining than maybe what we had on I don't know I don't know I've never I saw him
on TV that won't tell me ESPN he was a try to be funny was not was a drawing is
the operative and like I said when you take out that bogus number 31 we
reached a uh a milestone here we're down to 31 out of 100 that's pretty good in
15 18 minutes in it yes sir not spectacular I mean it's slowed down to a
crawl now but they like they like oh back up to 33 you see uh now there's a lot
of crap going on you know I'm not I don't get upset about anymore we're my
lesson every week I got I was wild that week I don't know why which week
with that distance there's been somebody oh two or three what I'm wild every
week about these I don't know what they're talking about usually within just a
few minutes they're gone when they're gone they're gone when there's 50 they sell
quick how you got are you back at this again you know what I'll just sit back in
the chair and I'll let you go through this whole wrap again okay okay
pop pop pop pop yeah wrap it went and doubt wrap it out wrap it up and take it
home maybe some of that great food I was left over from Jake's that juicy
delicious steaks mmm ribs you wrapping it yep back up to 33 back to 31 now we're
bouncing around like a rubber ball like a baby like a rubber ball feel how
behavior bobby v and for that reason I'll never forgive you that for that
feel are you sure about a mind that it's just the fact that you became a
nausea I didn't like that too much and the fact that you lied to us and we're
conspired remember that day yep we went across the street there and I was
at a side side day and land little uh Bob Neil got up here on the stage and
then this does just all of us who'd worked our brains out for IOD well we've
tried everything we know to make money with you guys and we can't do it maybe
buddy Paxing and then here came but Paxing along I'll never forget another
thing as long as I live and that is after that grotesque speech here came
Paxing and his cohorts there all the guys with their expensive trade
about suits and they're like he's shaking my hand and I say hey but remember I
worked for you in Sarasota for a week and you never paid me or for two weeks at
W.I.N.D. oh no Neil I don't remember that oh oh oh oh oh yeah right I mean that
was like 15 years before I worked and that's the true story I worked for W.S.P.
in Sarasota and then he lured me away to come and work for the rock
station W.I.N.D. I have no idea what his fascination with me was other than the
fact that he was from Newark New York and once and once when I was a kid my
father took me there a drove me to Newark for a tour of the radio station which
was a real highlight you know in my young life and here's buddy but Paxing
he buys W.I.O.D. it passed me on the back and shakes my hand oh we're gonna do
great things together yeah oh yeah and the view was that they kept the dolphins
and they kept the near Roger show and I was it remember that yep that was the
deal and then little Bobby Neil walked across the street with me and I think Bob
Green was tailing behind it you like usual and Bob Neil saying oh you can
you can go to work in Newark with Howard you can go I do this you know and I
thought to myself and you can go to Hill and Roddo wicked death little Bobby
Neil somebody out of step on you okay before you start multiplying there's a
handshake like a dead fish Bob Neil I forgot yeah he doesn't actually squeeze
your hand he just kind of holds his hand out there and lets you you know squeeze
oh like limp oh let's you squeeze it that that's what that priest wanted hold it
out there let me squeeze it oh I want to give it a start I'll start on 31 but at
least not going back up again anyway I don't know I'm not gonna push all that
hard because if they want them they can get them they're there it's a great
place to food is sensational and it's what yes it is it's great place great
we ended in some good locations so that I'm you know I'm not gonna stand on my
head speak of 32 but now it's down to 31 but when it was 32 it reminded me of
OJ a lot of famous 32s VL series was 32 my right about that Chris you bet yeah
Jim Brown was 32 there was the greatest 32 of them all was Jim Brown also
another woman beater I don't think he killed any though new charges of felony
coercion were filed today against this yesterday against OJ Simpson and the
three co-definance and the alleged crime robbery of two sports member beaded
dealers prosecutors increased to 12 the number of charges against Simpson
clearance Stewart Michael McClinton and Charles Ehrlich conviction on felony
coercion carries a sentence up to six years in the slammer the four men didn't
prepare to appear before the judge they were represented by their lawyers the
revised complaint drop charges against Walter Alexander and Charles Cashmore
who pleaded guilty to reduce charges and are testified against the others
that a preliminary hearing of beginning November 8th Alexander Simpson's
golfing buddy and Cashmore at times of day laborer this jockey and bartender
have agreed to testify against the aging football star and the other men who
went to a biggest casino hotel room to retrieve items that Simpson said belong to
him I'm gonna go to the bank this afternoon after the show I'm gonna say I'm gonna
want a whole bunch of money I'm gonna take a gun and that money belongs to me a
rat about fifty-minute by the way the a lot of last night I don't know if
anybody wanted you want me to look it up was twenty million I got twenty-five
bucks I spent two hundred and got only twenty-five bucks back it's not good
tell me about how I have a bad gambling problem I wouldn't miss a said that you
can afford it so it's not that one if I would have got the all look at that
nobody one it's twenty seven million for Saturday wow or twenty two
million twenty two million for Saturday I'm gonna go ahead and win it remember we
never used to say that all the time and how it's dead miss you Mike what a shame
what a shame the good people they die young and the bastards they live forever
you know like like Joyce she'll be here forever scored scored I'll get a little
tired of that crap I can tell you right now that's too Mikey twenty two
million for Saturday nobody won the six forty nine a lot of last night here in
Ontario a twelve hundred and forty votes you know twelve forty is WGV
engine even the earth you know that you do now no every time I see the number on
there I usually think of that all over the little while ago was one two three
four one two three four how we doing with the certificates thirty one still
thirty one start thirty one else thank you anyway the
aforementioned after appearing court Alexander Simpson's golfing buddy and
cashmore have agreed to testify against them Simpson's stormer Clinton and
Eauert who appear for the preliminary hearing on felonies including kidnapping
armed robbery as sought with a deadly weapon conspiracy and coercion and one
gross misdemeanor conspiracy to commit a crime gross a kidnapping conviction
won't result in a sense of life in prison with parole the revised complaint led
to Simpson and Stewart conspired to persuade to tell authorities that no guns
were used in the September confrontation with member B2D was Bruce from
among and Alfred bird'sly at the palestation casino hotel I'm not going back to
Vegas I don't care how many people out there oh Neil you used to love Vegas yeah
I don't I don't want to go back too far for my lose my money I go right up
through and here to Woodbine I get my soul says in twenty five minutes I'm
right there at the door at Woodbine go in there and find me a cold machine
mine now that crap that all you know when you have an experience and people
keep insisting people are supposed to be so much smarter than you are in a
particular topic all there's no such thing as a hot machine a record machine
you know what I say to that
crazy that's baloney that's baloney there are machines that are in a part of a
pay cycle that is so cold you could show thousands and thousand dollars in
there and then I'm gonna give you back basically much of anything you're gonna
lose your ass and conversely there were those that you sit down if you happen
to be the right part of the pay cycle this business about air with this RNG
every time you push the button it's a randomly generated number I don't believe
it you're smart not to because if that's the case then how come there are so
many close misses you know I mean by that what are the odds against that getting
like three or four of those in a row where you get all the right symbols but
they're just not on the pay line you know two of them are and the other one is
above or below and oh yeah came so close no you didn't there's no such thing
there are close is only in horseshoes and coids what the coids and I'll I'll
look it up during the break I'm gonna go to the biggest name the best out of
you know his new projects 4.5.6.2.a.m.
the fourth leader
real American a-hole
real American a-holes
we salute you excessively old trick or treat her excessively old to
you're supposed to be the one doling out the candy but you still live with
mother anyway so she can drag her oxygen tank to the door and give it up herself
please don't give me no pennies you should have given it up years ago but hey
your Frankenstein you're supposed to be a foot taller than the rest of the
trick or treaters fire back fire back more than one youngster is suspicious
but you don't care you're chosen for a baby Ruth and nothing is getting in your way
the coast is almost clear whether Johnson Twins are picked up by their mother who
remembers you from the third grade reluctantly you hand over your pillowcase of free
sweets and the end of that comb before the authorities are alerted
i'm on cream so we salute you excessively old trick or treat her
your disability check your cavities and your candy corn
you are a real American a-hole from 32 to 560 nobody can we're stuck on 31 man
can't get off that number it seems to happen like every week now we get to a
certain point and then today we start out like a house on fire
we start out really really good and then we get to that point that's it and you
we sold 69 i don't know if you're so let me say that we sold so far what you said
and we have 31 missing to get some where did George go right here
you know what i mean you're all crestfallen because we still can't pedal these other 31
i'm not crestfallen at all what you talking about not either out the
lot of criss keep his eye on i'm not gonna i'm not gonna throw away the rest of the show like
i did that one week i'm gonna offset i got something really educational for it quits
please is a traditional long game involving the throwing of a metal or rubber ring over a set
distance to land over a pin in the center of a patch of clay it's close to related to horseshoe
pitching and the fairground game hoopla the game center of popularity is in the parts of
northeast england countryside the game is also popular in parts of scottish lowlands whales
and wensleydale swaledale beckhole and areas of york shurigland beckhole
as you lay the beckhole the quote is a circular disc with a four inch hole in the center which
was traditionally made of steel the quit can weigh anything up to ten pounds depending on the
region which the game is played and although way to impressively five pounds is more common this
is thrown over the hob a pin setting clay within a box like framework the clay helps the quits
stick in place once it's landed as the game is developed differently in various localities the
rules may vary but in the Welsh version for example the player is able to make two attempts at
hitting the central hob in the north of england a quit which is landed on the hob is called a
ringer and scores two points the first player to reach twenty one wins the game prize also
tried land their quits in ways with black further attempts it sounds like a curling to me a little bit horses
yeah horseshoes curling all of this chazarai all these stupid ass things
twelve fifty on a pole i think we got a better chance of getting our fourteen and
revotes on a full day than we do with selling out the certificates twelve fifty projects we have one
twelve fifty three what did i just say twelve fifty three excuse me twelve fifty three
i think we're still stuck on thirty one for jigs plus well in the gables well that's okay
what are you looking at it for oh for fun or you're starting to get whipped up about that now
to you starting to get emotional about it i mean i'd like to see them sell out i'd like to see
the other one because they deserve it they brought it was a good place the food is sensational
it's a good deal you get fifty bucks worth of food and drink for twenty five bucks what's not to like
but i you know i just you know i just show up every day and do the best i can it's all i can do
under impossible circumstances the u.s. is ordering sanctions today against the Iranian military
they made a big smith out of this this morning yeah kandaleezan singled out Iran is the biggest
threat to us security this is just like we had with Iraq with the weapons of mass destruction
and their allies without kaita and they stole several freight trains that all the other lies
rice and treasury secretary henry paulsan are designated Iran's elite kudes forces a supporter
of terrorism unlike of course our different the Saudis and its revolutionary regards as a proliferator
of weapons of mass destruction triggering economic sanctions the sanctions allow efforts to
financially isolate Iran's military and press hundreds of foreign companies doing business with
it to back out a rescue us thanks in the newspaper reports new york times of Washington post these will
be the broad broadest sanctions imposed on Iran since the country's Islamic revolution in 79
and comes as the international communities in world today mounting standoff over Iran's nuclear
program i'll tell you one thing boy stick in the shower in Iran and sticking saada who say
they were in Iraq as we did those both sure worked out really well to kind of worked out like
that kenny and bow morning show for fantastic joe bell it is also the first time the us is
directly sanctioned another country's military the post says they kudes force the foreign
operations branch of the revolutionary guard runs terryans covert activities throughout them at
least those existence has never been officially acknowledged us commander say kudes operatives
have armed and trained she-eyed militias that have attacked us troops in a rash bloody sectarian
conflict the revolutionary guard core the most powerful wing of Iran's military controls construction
companies pharmaceutical plants and segments of the world industry us officials told the post
it also operates the front companies that procure nuclear technology and it goes on just it's
more the same where it's a deja vu all over again and the democrats it back and the public sits
back like what's this got to do with britney and dancing with the tharth don't forget we're
joining world series game number two in progress tonight at ten o'clock in tom jick is not too
happy about that and tonight he is especially correct because we are preceding tonight's world
series broadcast with a popo re of swill the lice which has never been heard in the history of the
human race we got the big ol and danne canell between four and six and then we got dolphins all
asses with the big ol and danne can out from six to seven followed by who we can't hotline
the therat scover from seven to nine hurricanes are going to lose this week they don't play am I
right about that yeah correct then at nine we're back to more dolphins all asses but only this is
the high school gridiron report which on lender and jelerie blue steam high school gridiron report
as part of dolphins all asses as part of hurrying out the station and putting on a dolphins
info commercial for an o n seven team that couldn't win a fixed game against a bunch of little 10
year old girls then at ten o'clock we join the world series game number two in progress as the red
sexual trotter just thump color right away red sucks is scored like a hundred runs a game
see jash beckon i guess wasn't good enough for the marlins by right about that Chris he wasn't good
enough now he was just too expensive well that's because we won't build him that don't
stadium for Christ's sake so we just were built on the stadium then they will come no not
twenty twenty-one twenty eight or twenty eight well that's great that's the first time we
dealt in the twenties on our jigs certificates ice mine still says thirty one that's his twenty eight
it's refreshing and it is mild now let's figure what used to say that that was the um i don't know
advertising so what is it i was guessing palm on palm on palm on palm on palm on
Winston tastes good like a cigarette should it's refreshing and it is mild maybe it was
tester field i don't think so maybe chicken egg nose refreshing i was i was looking for it myself
well i found it yeah me too
haha
twenty eight to go there's your president by the way he just landed in california there he wants
to see the fires up close and personal as a kid he probably like to play with matches
his name is all he up like a whole stripping meal but you lunatic me
me a leader i'm a republic baby only in Miami
good evening
briefs
haha
and bishop here glad you can join me for tonight's edition of
i witnessed boon
come in
i walked these studios late at night long after the grizzled journalists and editorial staff
go back home to their parents oh i'm so glad i'm dead the days of grizzled journalists who
resemble edesner have been replaced by this beach 20 year old lawns with pictures of puppies on
their desk like this one here that didn't belong to you and i don't take orders from you
skipper chuck what folk did you ever command outside of fucking orders disfurrubby what's it matter
and we're dead anyway yes but i do live on in the voice of larry cred and the toilet paper on my shoe
no i try scaring anybody i don't have to scare them all they have to do is turn on the local news
back to you ralph thank you and and may the news lose the yours
call 45 at five sixty wd qm and bishop she still dead i think sandy paint and still driving
around that pickup truck with anz body in the body how old was that dead
the bit you just played how old was it it's a brand new one it is yeah it's on the new disc
my wife you asked that i just sounded ancient
what what does that mean it sounded like an old bit that i hadn't heard it so in other words
maybe that's the excuse why we're not paying him is because it sounded like an old bit
it's brand new okay it's cut number three i'm gonna be through this
trotter and sixty two votes on our award-winning poll about the biggest hype
i think the biggest hype was that alphan's coming back to a qa m
that was most overhyped and then of course the big voice your dolphin stash ae that guy
the john fission at the facetis wannabe 24 oh oh uh uh bada bada bada bada bada bada what do you think
pretty good that means we sold 76 what was that supposed to be
oh right next to each other they are on the button board over here oh on your button board
i don't have either one of those on my button board but i got
him in there 24 left out of 100 so we sold 76
if we sell one more you know what it'll be
what 77
263 votes we need 137 more to get to 14 ever to make Chris happy i'll always probably happy
already because he got a big juicy steak and a bunch of other good stuff too
yeah we're both that sounded really de-loved happy good
tom turnip seed is an attorney writer and peace activist in Columbia South Carolina
on common dreams dot org he writes five years ago my wife and i discontinued using our
laundry regation sprinkler system now we only water our small vegetable garden facing
evidence of climate change we're trying to do our part to save water with water supplies rapidly
shrinking governor sunny per duo georgia declared a state of emergency for 85 counties and as
president bush declared a major disaster area october 20th 2007 a drought of historic proportions
is affecting Tennessee Alabama and joja as well as parts of north and south korea
in Kentucky and Virginia meanwhile drought is feeding a fiery fiasco in california
in the past five days parts of seven california have become out of control raging in furnos
as another hot dry summer turns dehydrated forest into combustible tinder boxes
on october 21st 2007 CBS's 16 minutes course from scott pelly reported that recently there's been
an enormous change in western fires in truth we've never seen anything like them in recorded
history it appears we're living in a new age of mega fires forced in furnos 10 times bigger than
the fires we used to sing according to the number of acres burned seven of the 10 busiest forest
fire seasons in the west of occurred since 1999 based on the record's going back 47 fire seasons
to 1960 cully said last year's was the worst in recorded history and this year already is a close
second with two more months to go more than eight million acres of already burned this year
after thirty years of fighting fires tom boatners now they chief of fire operations for the federal
government he says a fire on this size and misintensity in this country would have been extremely
rare fifteen twenty years ago but they're commonplace these days ten years ago if you had a hundred
thousand acre fire you were talking about a huge fire and if we have one or two of these year
that was probably unusual now we talk about two hundred thousand acre fires like it's just another
day at the office it's been a huge change cully also talked with Tom sweat and they
fire called just at the University of Arizona sweat and has the largest collection of tree rings
in the world that go back nine thousand years with each one of those rings capturing one year
of climate history sweat and says recent decades have been the hottest thousand years with a
dramatic increase in fires high in the mountains where fires were rare in the past as the spring is
arriving earlier because of warming conditions the snow on these high mountain areas is melting and
running off so the logs and the branches and the tree needles all can dry out more quickly
and have a longer time period to be dry and so there's a longer time period an opportunity for
fires to start the fire season in the last fifteen years or so has increased more than two months
over the whole western u.s. sweat and said sweat and contains that climate change global warming
has increased temperatures in the west about one degree and that's caused four times more fires
sweat and when this colleagues published those findings in the journal science and the world's
leading researchers on climate change have endorsed their conclusions.
Probably mentioned a boner that there are a lot of people that don't believe in climate change
but in reply you won't find them on the fire line in the workhouse west anymore because we've
had a climate change beat into us over the last ten or fifteen years we know what we're seeing
we're dealing with a period of climate in terms of temperature humidity and drought that's
different than anything people have seen in our lifetimes. On October 24th Ellie Venema
with the conservation voters of South Carolina wrote a guest column title liking vision
on energy in the state paper in Columbia South Carolina she's highly critical of
santi-coopers out there might as publicly owned utility for their proposed construction of a
thirteen every twenty megawatt pulverized gold plant in a world area along the great PD River.
Did you ever heard the PD River? No. That's how they made it. Herde Yellow River. Rather than pumping
tens of thousands of toxic pollutants into the air and water of the air, Miss Venno it should be
Venno it's at Venema the first thing or whatever name it she's full of Venema. Contents they can
invest in efficiency and transformation in meat demand for electricity. She said our states
like a vision on energy whether at the federal state or local level is a grim reminder that South
Carolina still won ring laws to the energy dark ages. When the US Senate tried unsuccessfully to
amend the most recent energy bill to require utilities to produce fifteen percent of their energy
from renewable sources like wind solar and biomass South Carolina's Lindsey Graham and Jim
DeMint voted against it. Miss Venno says South Carolina politicians have become dependent on
campaign contributions from utilities and the coal industry such compromised politicians all
across the country are ignoring the facts. That CO2 producing fossil fuels such as coal are the
primary cause of climate warming. A global warming is occurring at a much faster rate than
scientists predicted. Then one consequence of global warming is drought that the US is the
primary contributor to the crisis. To save this planet we must each do our part and must
demand that our leaders lead as we watch fires in the West. Can't we see that we're destroying
our beautiful country by our own hand and creating a fiery hail on earth. A fiery hail on earth
right here at the U.S. One Tom J.K. says that's what Tom J.K. says about what they've done at the
U.M. SA fiery and Joe Bell says. Go Bell. Yeah that's his response as you expect. How are we doing with
our jakes? 24 still? Yes. I think you lie. Look at it myself says 24. Yes I also. We've sold 76
$15 to the biggest for 25 bucks. We got to be able to sell this 24 out easy by two o'clock.
I don't want to have any holeovers here like we did. Oh boys I'm embarrassing George knows about
that. Yep. I mean it's one thing that you got some slot place or something like that but when you
got a great place with great food in a really great location there's no excuse. No excuse. Except
for the fact that we're you know talking to empty deck. What an embarrassment. Yeah. Wouldn't it be
something we still have the audience we used to have especially the audience we used to have before
Johnny Joe came back. You can pretty much track it. You can track the numbers in the Arbatron
and you can see from the time this man came along to the club where we actually had like in the
two to four hours remember we had a one cheer I think when Moe was in there and then Gildi had like
one hour there's like a 0.8 right in the middle of the daytime right in the middle when people
are awake in the middle of the daytime and I remember sitting here screaming and gnashing and
carrying on a white water what the F is going on over here like and there's a just shut up.
Shut up and take the money. We thought already you could about what's the money just shut
off and stop making us look bad. I'm not making you look bad you're making yourselves look bad
when even little Tommy Jicca has the caulons to write in no wonder QA misduring the
way toilet and it was seven what is that what he said something like that. In a receptic tank
when even he's got the temerity to suggest that this place is on death's door then you know we got
real service baby and when fanash jolly Joe gives a bunch of lip service to a little twerp
like chicken neck and won't get in paid I mean we're talking about such a paupery amount of cash
here for a multi-billion dollar company multi-billion dollar company my ass that's a couple they won't
pay they won't pay a few thousand a couple thousand dollars for Christ's. Won't pay people on pay
day makes excuses they keep buying time it's like writing checks that's what they do. Why do you
did beats out there you know I'm talking about guiding checks you know writing check think I
bring another one. Or in their case just don't write any at all that never seem
even better like it's golden every time baby. Well the checks didn't hit the bank this
uh pay day the deposit deposit this right in your back boom. What the
deposits didn't hit the bank whoever heard of such fall to all and then they make up a story
about what the bank changed their computer system you have right chickens p2 okay tell us
some lie that anybody might believe even a little child might believe when you worked for people
that paid you late 20 30 40 times and people have to get on their hind legs and beg like a dog beg please
pay us please we have bills to pay we have models to feed we have uh stuff 1275 and a pole we're
not gonna make 14 and either I don't know why you picked such an outrageous number Chris 1236 we'll do
we will not. I'm gonna do no 14 and that's like saying we're gonna sell out those 24 certificates
for jakes by two o'clock we will not if George has to buy the last couple we will. Hey now if
George can buy the last 20 that's only five hundred five. If I could buy one you can only buy five by
the way yeah well I can't buy one if we could if we could get four people to buy five then
somebody else to buy four then we'd have it licked they'd be gone in a heartbeat and we'd look
you know like oh look at that they still have some audience out there which everybody knows
would be alive. At least it would look like those phone numbers you got a project to make
your phone a phone a wired dial. I it's the one to two hours Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an
airport men's room during an undercover sexting accused of soliciting sex from a man who turned
out to be an undercover police officer now for the first time the senator and his wife Suzanne are
telling their story. I have been in that bathroom I don't know how many times for over the years.
This particular bathroom is described as a hot spot for anonymous sexual encounters. Yeah.
Were you aware at all Senator of the reputation of that specific bathroom? Oh yes. According to
this officer you looked into the stall and the next thing he says that happened is that you came
under the divider into his stall and you said quote pickle here I did say that. That is correct.
Sex in that bathroom. Yes and pulled my pants up and stepped out. Honey are you gay? There's no
question. Absolutely. It was a marriage of convenience to cover a gay lifestyle. Yeah. Yes it is
simply true and so will you resign? No I won't resign. I will finish out my term traveling the
soliciting gay sex. Yes. It's important to me and I'm going to use all of the rights I have as a
citizen to try to do that. Coming up I'm the bad boy a naughty boy probably even a nasty bad naughty boy.
101 at 560 W.M. Okay we got 18 left there for jakes in the gables 18 50 L. certificates for 25 bucks
on wqm.com buy him or lose him because once they're gone they're gone as Tommy says. Why does he say
that? I think the copy said that so. Once they're gone. Yes follow orders. How do you spell gone?
G.A.N. and 1288 on the pool which Chris knows damn well we're not going to age 14 I think you
did that just to make me look bad by the end of the day today by two o'clock I'm going to look
really bad I don't look that good anyway I just looked in the mirror because I did a bad job
shaving this morning out a little stubble on my chin yeah to just scrape it. I just scraped it. No I
didn't lick it. Oh I do that more and more now that I'm old and feeble yeah. Yeah if shaky hands
what what's one on there? I have shaky hands at all I just uh maybe it's just a bad blade I don't know
where gay blade. 1288 on the pool it's a good pool what was most over on it let's see if
Eric has got the oh yeah who should replace Hank on Q.A.N. The concept is good but I think that
the pool is uh I don't know the choices on there bring back the crow bring back
for real I wonder what do they you know who did this thing anyway bring back to for
real I'll take your children a cell of operations yeah 1290 1290 was not the 1230 was WJNO I worked there
1290 I don't know what it was I know 1180 was WHAM the most boring radio station I've ever heard
my life meant next maybe to the light bulb like remember the light bulb WFTL I originally
loved to you I mean I remember stories of it I never actually heard it you never actually heard
Norma Kent and no no I never had to play Mr. Kent Mr. Warling Mr. as a matter of fact the only
time that I ever heard him was from inside the radio station working opposite him that's
who's that Mr. Ego and those very early days when you first went to IOD remember we were there
at the same time but not working together for about a year and a half then he went to New York for
five weeks just just just just tell me what your problem and then all of a sudden he became a
born again Christian adopting 85,000 kids many of them of dark kids like kids in between and
and then of course him and Brian what was his name right very good Brian Craig hey Brian you
fairy Norma Kent told me by the way he was Lausy and the sack I was drunk it told me that took
1292 votes on the pool we need to get to 13 before we can get to 14 Mr. Chris if you would have said
1350 that's what I was about to say and then you know no we'll do 14 we'll do it just like we're
going to solve the other 18 certificates for jakes by two o'clock not gonna happen I mean we
yeah we did a nice chunk there when I sat down to 11 see this this is fake again this is not real
they do this every week to us I mean I hope it's real but I don't believe it you believe it
when there's a big chunk not really no I think what happens is that when they start the order
procedure it counts but then they it doesn't you know permanently do it until they complete it and
some people can't complete it because you know that deadbeat thing yeah because their credit card
is expired or they're using a phony wand or right because they're all because somebody just
playing around with us you know maybe like Stu God's who's jealous that we sell it out eventually
every week we don't have it hanging on for like three weeks all the time Jesus God well when you
be embarrassed if you just kept you know yeah and about that too I know what I find out yesterday
what's that what's that guy oh Stu uh nine no in the morning yeah the guy in the morning um
Stu Rosenstein yeah that's a sit yeah with sending texts to Joe Rose and to um
Zach we're sending texts to Joe Rose and Zach while both shows were on the air
complaining saying that like Joe Rose was like bad mouthing Sid while they're on the air yeah and
how sad and unprofessional is that can you say a hole well seven getting to see I don't believe that
now all of a sudden they're all gone we'll find out God when don't forget once they're gone they're gone
seven that's what mine said here there's bush coming down the stairs of Air Force one he's in
uh
seven left well we ought to be able to do that by two o'clock each other what's their legit or not I mean
you know for the second straight day speaking of Nazis Fox News to virtually alone and advancing
thinly supported speculation to raise fears that the wildfires ravaging California are not the
result of a confluence of erud heat and high winds but we're said deliberately by al-Qaeda terrorists
that are destroying America oh my god right Fox and friends the conservative cable channel was
pandias today for breathlessly reporting a sketchy four-year-old FBI memo as if it offered new
information linking America's enemies in the global war on terror with a plot to burn down southern
California the morning team was back at it this morning is anchor Allison Camerota introduced
a segment on the fires that again mischaracterized and over and slated warnings from a 2003 interview
with al-Qaeda detainee Camerota said Fox's fear monitoring was based on some information the FBI sent
to local law enforcement in California and other western states that there was a plot of foot
that said three or four different fires left unsaid by the Fox News Reader was that the FBI
warning was sent more than four years ago described as a potential plot that made no mention to
California couldn't be proven accurate didn't raise any alarms from forest fire officials at the
time such caveats all were included in the AP report on the warning at the time how did they
determine what's arson and what's terrorism she asked noting accurately that authorities believe
arsonists were responsible for these some of these fires authorities say arson has been shown
to have caused only two of more than the dozen fires so far terror analyst Eric stackleback
served as Camerota's foil and boosting the terror fears although he did clarify that the FBI
memo was from 2003 the vintage of the intelligence didn't squelch his terrorist speculation stackleback
warned that the fires appeared to be the result of a coordinated effort over large area in a post-9
11 world we have to consider all possibility stackleback in tone even if al-Qaeda isn't involved
and nobody but Fox seems to be seriously suggesting they were the fires are still an example of
domestic terrorism stackleback said although he was sure to note their law enforcement to be
checking to see if arson suspects and custody fit the terrorist profile oh yeah you got matches
terrorist and of course now you can only take what 75 packs of matches and 14 lighters when
you go on a plane now and a plane thrower whoever is responsible for the fires stackleback
couldn't help but note the ease with what such devastation can be reached with just some matches
kerosene and dry brush what a cost effective means of terrorism he marvel oh my god fox news for
crazy people for crazy people the same people to think the George W. Bush is like a human being
insane people okay let's take a look at how we do we got 13 hundred dollar in the pool i said
13 50 would be fine with me you would you're 1400 we need a hundred votes in 52 minutes so
that's your right about two a minute doable but it's not going to happen tell you right now ain't
going to happen even George knows that and George doesn't care right and we got seven certificates
left for a jakes seven fifty dollars certificates you pay only 25 bucks and the food is delicious and
you get the booze and the whole deal whatever you want to use it for seven you think we can do it
you can do it the one the one good thing is it hasn't got back up to like 18
because what they usually do is they wait till right at the s and remember that one
week couple weeks ago yeah they waited right till the s end of the show and then all of the
sudden like a 205 i check it and it's back up like it does to what left left
so I'm going to dose see i think we're going to give those to our minister dose you go that would be
good if we get them all because that's a hundred and like Chris keeps saying boy hundreds a lot harder
selling 50 now oh oh exactly so let me ask you once the last time either one of you saw jolly joe bill
oh yes anyway it's out that uh he was passing out i wouldn't blame him most of the headlines
and everything headlines of what remember the one we sent you about uh joe about joe fineberg he was
passing that out yeah he was making copies and passing out let me just tell you and I said this
a couple weeks ago basically what we have is a bunch of overgrown children to our like supposedly
general managers or owners or whatever their title is this week yeah they're overgrown children
and they're in a peeing contest to see who could be the biggest overgrown child like a girl
like a kid about her sending text messages to joe rose you know joe rose has more talent and his
little finger than said the it will ever have in his whole body in a million years okay a don i miss
a new york reject who's just itching dying to go back to new york and pray that somebody would want
him and when i miss goes back on your in december you bet your bottom dollar he's going to be sniffing
around to go back to there especially when these bogus july numbers drop off in the trends and they're
down to fractions are going to cross the street we got those two left i could buy the two 50 bucks i
can handle it but that would be embarrassing i wouldn't want to do that my ego isn't that you know
you can't complain about my ego you want to know why you don't have one i don't have one
oh now back up to five again see that's not good back up to five so we had three bogus ones in
there probably a bokeh bokeh bokeh bokeh's Brian i'm still at two so my you are
oh mine says five now well let me let me did a little this minute here whistle at him
to like i said doing sultanto doing well we'll do that like i said if George has to buy
this only fifty bucks i'll send you a check for a hundred oh we got an update on the story
yesterday about the Reverend Ronald smart and newport richie remember that guy
until he was charged with misdemeanor battery last year pastor Ronald smart had enjoyed
the reputation as a community leader family man and church leader it's a reputation july
decided yesterday he'll get to keep a jury of four women and two men found the pastor of union
missionary baptist church not guilty of misdemeanor battery yesterday equiting him of allegations
made last summer that he partially undressed and inappropriately touched a male provisional
a conviction not only would have met legal sanctions but also reputation built serving the
community and ministering oh yeah ministering to people's needs his good name is everything
to him said offensive attorney Christopher fry that's what he ought to do is fry the pastor smiled
and stood up and hugged his wife's share as the verdict was read at two eleven p.m. yesterday
smart 48 year old father of four and a manager at Neilson meeting research left without
comment referring all questions to his attorney the victim of thirty seven year old father
was at least being with help by the times they sent p.m.s because nature the allegation
also left without comment he clenched his jaws the verdict was read then exited county judge
candy vander cars court room even as the jurors are being pulled zero get out of here we sold
them all we'll see if that's legit if we don't have some come back i am gonna sit down and i'm
gonna pee on the carpet here i'm gonna be so excited both men gave conflicting testimony on Tuesday
the victim told the jury is that jury that after going hours without sleepy found himself at the
pastor's trendy home blacked out he said when he woke up and undressed and the pastor sounded
is lap he was lapping him the pastor told the jury that it never happened and said he said the
victim tried to blackmail him to co-signing a car loan the defense said the victim was struck me
with money was without the shake down the financially successful preacher and executive went and doubt
shake it out he was trying to shake him down now what was that other priest he said he wanted to get
a hotel clerk to whip out his one don't say okay let me refresh this and see for myself
sold out it says sorry certificates sold out a hundred of them and those people are going to have
a good meal i hope that's for real for a good yeah no evident we took a little sample of this
sensational so they say and when you say it i know because you're hard asked yes i have
thirteen oh nine and a poll we need ninety one votes in forty seven minutes if we can do the
fourteen hundred and sell those out then we're going to be dangerous someday not necessarily here
say
some day
four
All the time a thousand through play games
Can keep the eyes of hide behind
Consisting they're not gay
You're fairies
Yeah, you got to hide your heart away
Yeah, you got to hide your heart away
Tell us not to addly die
Since that straight came all by
Men who hold up are the men
Is a sport for a safe of mine
Yeah, yeah
No girls here just for a whole wheel
Having fun with the boys
In the locker room I veered
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Yeah, you got to hide your heart away
Oh, yeah
You got to hide your heart away
One nineteen at five sixty, thirty QAM
1317 votes on the pool
You haven't got a chance to make a new 1400 Mr. Hot Child
I told you 1350
Yeah, but be like crap
Why?
The two of you are officially sold out
It's official now, huh?
Correct the Mundo
The Tote Board has got the red lights on there
It says official 1319 we need 8181 votes in 40 minutes
That's a two a minute
Not gonna happen
Unless of course they come true for us
Like they did there with those certificates
And it's for real?
Yes, it is real
Okay, it's real
That old lady will call up Joe Belly
Mr. Bell, he was saying terrible things about the Jews again
And about Israel, what's wrong with him?
Chick's Barrel sold out one hour 12 minutes
Well, how do you like that?
For a nice comeback
After I've faltered badly, two weeks ago and George had this in the fealty last week
Again, one per customer really slowed things down
And why was that?
That's not how they wanted it
They wanted to get a whole bunch of different people in instead of one person coming in five times
Which is their option, but I didn't know that so I was struggling
And I don't know what I didn't
Until just now, recently
Like today
So now that you were feeling really bad about it
Yes, I was
Because it took me the idea
It took us to show the next day and all the show the next day to you know
So in other words, you get emotional about it too, not just me
You take it personally
A little bit? Yeah, yeah
Or for a place like that, it's like there's nothing wrong with this place so it must be me
Yeah, it must have been you, nobody was listening
Of course, we are in the Joe Bell era
If you like the Cam Cameron era and you love the Dave Wons' era
And the next saven era in between
You love the Joe Bell era, the jolly Joe Bell
1320, we would 80 votes in 39 minutes is not going to happen
Unless these people rated 1321 or is it another one?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Unless they really come through for as big time
The poll is, you know, what was the most overhyped?
Why 2K607?
46% say why 2K?
Or some of them might say
Why? 2K
We're on tier 335
Democratic Congress, 1.74
That was going to solve all of our ills baby
Let's just grasp control from them Republicans again and it didn't work
Because we have a one party system, bunch of crooks
Crooks and Wimps
Global Warming 67, the Segway 61
That was going to revolutionize our lives
Going to change the way we lived
And thought about life and the underwear and stuff
A bird flu 45, SARS only 15
I guess most people in, I don't know
Don't even remember what it was all about?
Killer B's 9 and Mad Cow Disease 8
Killer B's and Mad Cow Disease
It's the B's knees
What is that? I know it's an old expression that only really old people
Much older than even may use
It's the B's knees, you know, have you ever heard that?
Yeah old people
That means something is really cool
The old movies, you know, like the Archies would say something
That's the B's knees, man, the B's knees
The previous deadio
Yeah, that's it, like Mel Tormay would say
Well, he's dead
Mel Torm, the Velvet Fog
Now if he would have been from Montreal he could have been the Velvet Frog
Right
1324, we need 76 votes in 37 minutes
It's doable and Chris, I don't know what Chris is saying
I just want to look on that waxy thing again, you know
Since we're supposed to be so concerned about them
I find the whole deal to be just ludicrous
The whole insanity between the two
I mean who gives a crap?
Do you know what I mean?
We know exactly what I mean
We got guys that we know our crap like David Samson says
At least with the Marlins on this station
The host don't know what they're talking about
We know what we're talking about David Samson
We lost our ass on QAIM with the Marlins all these years
Lost our ass
People are taking food stamps because they couldn't get a decent wage
Because all the money had to go to the Marlins
Under all its various regimes
Screw the Marlins
Look at that six tables, 30 left
Joseph's on the water, 37 left
And Hurricane Grillen Wings only one left for Stugots
That must have been from this last week
I don't know how many who knows
What's he got going on right now?
I'll give him some help
He's got the Galupis sale
Opens at six o'clock tonight on Stugots
Galupis
It's in Pompano Beach, you know what it is?
Nope
It's a 36-hole golf course with a beautiful restaurant
With breathtaking views of water fountains
It's a, I don't get it
Oh I see it's a restaurant and the golf course
Chicken Penny Carbonara
Hmm
Let me see if I can give a little assistance to Stugots
He's got a hundred certificates at these there for 50
Yeah, these are 50 dollar deals for 25 bucks
Everybody's doing it
Let's help out Stugots, okay?
He's a pathetic creature, you know, John Weiner
If you had a name like Weiner, you'd have a complex too
Can you imagine a crack you put up with in school?
People call all the kids calling him
Hey Weiner, Weiner!
Can you imagine they did?
I'm not saying that the name was inappropriate but nevertheless
Doesn't belong on the ear
He's another one that Hank created
I think Hank is getting his punishment as much as I love Hank
He's getting his just desserts for inventing Clarence and Stugots
Oh, the pain
And you recall when Stugots went over to 940
Which was another one of the 85 people attempts to have another sports station in the market
When he went over there to get his boyfriend Clarence
Even though he was our program director, he allegedly
Because so the story goes was booking guests for a competing radio station
Because that was one of his boyfriend's
Remember those days?
Yup
Booking guests for the competition
Right there just based on a rumor that I started a darey out of be fired Clarence
Not personal, it's business clearance, although some of it's personal too
You're a loser, you have no idea
You wouldn't know a radio if somebody stuck 14 of many Jean-Pet
And you're a program director?
Oh my God
1331 Chris, you need 69 votes and 34 minutes is not going to happen
You're in prison
What's your life?
This is no logic
4560 QAM
The sports leader
I die, die
Hello
Is this a barrack Obama?
Yes, this is Barack Obama
Hello barrack, this is Dick Chick
Oh, hey, Cubs
Listen, I really wish you wouldn't call me that
Why?
We're related
Can I address you as Cubs?
Well Cubs isn't really
I don't call me that
Hey, are you coming to the family reunion?
No, come on Cubs, what's your name?
You, me, Michelle, Lynn
Hey, you know maybe we can sweep the potato sack races or play in the family softball game
I know that somewhere back in time one of your relatives had relations with one of mine
But that doesn't mean we have to spend time together
Listen, I got two ex tickets to see the Yin Yang twins and keep paying the concert
You don't want to go?
Seriously, no Yin, no Yang, nothing
You stay away from me, you stay away from my wife, my family
I have no desire to be your friend or your relative
Well, it's too late for that
Cubs, damn you all bother
Okay, 131 at Dick Cheneyman
He's a real piece of crap
1337 on the pole
We'll get to 1350 and that's going to be pretty much it
And you're right, that is official
We sold out the hundred certificates for Jakes and rightfully so
Or you didn't believe me?
Well, I don't know, I mean, we've been faked out so many times, you know, toward the end of the day
Well, yeah, once it no longer says current deals, then it's officially sold out
You know that for a fact
Yes, because once it says in the long it says current deals, it goes to past deals
And it gives it the amount of time it took to sell it out
What about if it says big deal?
Well, then they're talking about you aren't they?
Postes of a rosy, puffy, cheek, newborn baby
And from Ocontroversy and Italy because the internet is shown wearing a wristband name tag
With the word homosexual written on it
This is from Florence, Ferenza
Oh, what a beautiful place with so many beautiful people
Mmm, mmm
The photograph of the baby is part of an anti-discrimination campaign
Launched by Tuscanese, regional government and a company by the slogan
Sexual orientation is not a choice
Homosexuality is not a vice and hence should not be condemned or marginalized
Or worse still persecuted the Tuscanese regions
Civil rights counselor Augustino Fragai told Milan daily career in De La Santa
And interview published yesterday
I just like saying that, Codilleta De La Santa
Thousands of copies of the poster have been printed and will go up in city walls and public offices around Tuscanese
With a sponsorship of Italy's center like government's equal opportunities ministry
But while Italy's main gay rights group Archie Archie Gays said the company proved Tuscanese at the forefront
And the rest of Italy should follow it, conservative politicians have condemned it
Exploiting newborns to suggest that homosexual tendencies are innate is a misleading and shameful acts at Lucio Volante
A leading parliamentarian for the union of Christian Democrats
Some gay groups are also dismayed with the campaign Gianna Vatimo and attending philosopher gay rights activist
And European parliament member described the campaign as excessive
The slogan is two biology centric, he said, of course for homosexuals it's natural to be gay
But I'm not sure it's too determined by genetics, that Timo be sent
That's not in your genes, it's in your underwars, in your BVDs
That's what Marquis Mark told me, said it's in your BVDs
And I said can I take a peek, he said no chance in my pants
1345 on a poll, I don't know what's Christen can 55 votes in 26 minutes?
No, 1346
First of all, I wonder how do we ever do, I mean I know we have done like 15
Then we want to do 17 maybe a couple of times?
Maybe
But that's when I cheated and we started the poll the day before and so on
I could start that other poll right now
And then we get another 54 votes easy, you want to do it that way? It's cheating
Let's cheat like a matter, huh?
Like it matters
No, I don't say like it matters, it's like saying when a book comes out like it matters
Of course it matters, no that does matter
Well we get a bonus if we get 1400
We do? No
Let's see, who should replace Hank Olberg on QAM?
I'm gonna wait for 1350
I don't care, I'm gonna get you your 1400, look I know how to cheat
Okay
Okay, let's invest them for Christ's sakes
What's wrong with you man?
Well think about fat people, you know when the circulation of your brain gets cut off at the neck
Look at the hump
I mean there is no neck anymore, he's got no neck at left, he's just you know
So this weekend there was, I don't know who did it, it was just kind of floating around that there was a
Odds on sheet going around here about who would replace Hank
Really really long, yeah see if I can try and find it
Yeah, I find it
I can win that bet
No, we could put all his names on the poll, I wonder if we're George doing it in our next video
Oh, you're sweet, but I know who's gonna win, I just need to see that list
Alright, I'll try and find a room
Who's gonna win, Ferrell?
No, no, I need to see the list of people that they're considering and then I will pick who they're gonna pick
I'll tell you who they're going to win
There's the 1350 Mr. Smarty pants
Alright, if we can't get 50 votes on a brand new poll in 25 minutes then my name is Ishka Bibbel
Okay, it is?
My name is Arlan's Inspector, what you said?
Andrew Greeley writes in Chicago sometimes, why those who love America are feeling brokenhearted
I feel like playing what's your name from standing in the shadows of Motown?
John Osborne
Who? John Osborne, what becomes of the brokenhearted?
Andrew Greeley says he's a priest by the way, but a good guy
Not one of these far-bisoned, not a child molester that we know of
He says I'm a Shane for America, no carefully, I don't say I'm a Shane of America
Despite all its inherent flaws and all its tragic mistakes, the United States stands however incompletely
and with whatever imperfections for the highest standards of freedom and democracy that the world is yet known
I'm a Shane for America because all the evil London Nations name in recent years is turning off the light on the mountain top
One, the President urges Congress in effect to accept the Turkish protest against the attribution of Armenian genocide
because it might interfere with Turkish logistic cooperation and the ill-started and foolish Iraq war
That's like silencing all congressional action on the Holocaust because we need Germany on our side
If Turks expect to become part of Europe in the West, they must acknowledge what their ancestors did
They could pass the resolution of their own accusing us of genocide against Native Americans if it would make them happy
How humiliating that the President wants us to ignore what happened to the Americans so we can be victorious in the global war on terror
The current replacement for weapons of mass destruction
That's called appeasement and it was appeasement when President Clinton was doing the same thing
Two, the government kidnapped tortures and murders the way the Gestapo did Nazi Germany
The President blatantly dismisses these charges the U.S. he says does not torture
But that deception is based on the memo from Attorney General Alberto V. O'Favrican-Zalas defining torture which the White House won't let anybody else look at
Three, I'm getting choked up
The government pays large salaries to 148,000 individual contractors in Iraq
More than the total American military there
A third of these are towing guns
Their mercenaries often would seem with very quick trigger fingers
Ironically the most recent victims were to Armenian Christian women
These contractors are kind of an American foreign Legion like the notorious French and Spanish foreign legions
They may well be very very people who do very tough jobs
They also compensate for Mr. Ramesh's criminal underestimate of the number of troops required
If however the country is going to have a Legion and Tronger it should what is that?
And Tronger?
I don't know
I'm Frank Fogthing
It should make sure that it works under tight control
And unrestrained security force quickly becomes a mafia, hungry Bogar, where are you and we really need you?
Four, at a remarkably frank meeting of middle-range officers, majors and colonels at 411 worth
The soldiers debated not whether they should have been a war in Iraq but who is to blame for losing it?
Was it the senior officers or the joint chiefs or the civilian leaders?
The war isn't even over yet and already the officers who fought and will have to fight its continuation have already given up hope
Too bad for them because the President's made up his mind that we're still going to win the war
And the Democratic presidential candidates speak about a 10-year presence in Iraq
Whatever the political leadership is or will be in 2009, no candidate seems to be capable of saying we're getting out now
And the rest of the world laughs at us because both parties are led by fools
Then anyone who cares about the U.S. and its legacies has to be broken-hearted
And what it has been done to our beloved country by the crazy people who are running it
People have become so skilled at deception that they don't even realize anymore that they are deceiving
Just like the Democrats don't realize that again they're stealing defeat out of the jaws of victory
That's the specialty of the Democratic Party and that's how like who I am
I see so many similarities between the U.S. government and the lung heads, what was the word you like?
Lomux, Lomux running this place, Lomux's, Lomux's I, Lomux's, Lomux's and William
29 votes, we got 13, 75
Now we're going to slide them back 14 and you're going to say well, we'll put an activist next to it because it's cheating you like George says
We should
The biggest names of the best out of Tito is no rejects
4.560 QAM
The sports leader
Come on, you have to give it up
You've got to get naked
Are you nude right now?
God, the woman's naked
You're singing as wretched and your outfit is ridiculous, I can see you on the giant
You know, so his nakedness is with a purpose
We're going to do a vaginal honor and check our cervix
We're going to have a rainbow coming out of my hoo-ha
You get the seed in naked
True, true, my vaginal will never be the same
But who cares?
If I said you had a beautiful body, would you kick your pants off and dance around a little
And the vagina was itching to the beat of the band
Okay, like, would I be able to do that with my vagina?
More clearly, I'm going to laugh
Definitely not wearing my underwear
That's the way I'm not going to do it
14460-021QM
Now look at the list of candidates for a Hank's job
Wow, that's circulating around the building
We should add some of these to this poll
Well, I'm going to leave that to you guys
I'm not going to plush you around with that
We only got 50 minutes left
But some of the obvious choices on there, like the big ol'
Since he's going to get it
Evan Cohen, Kimbable Camper, Joseph Gaku
And a bunch of others on here
Kenny Walker, there you go
Kenny and BoAffton Oonsho
Like that
What do you think?
Jeff Meefo, Jeff DeForest
Jorge Siedano, Silmo Cast, there you go
Don Bailey Jr. and Ted Gen Jr. Well Ted can't play much football so how about putting them on a year?
I'll build Zimper on the phone. Lenny Martez. Ethan Skolik.
They left off his Alex Marvez on here or not.
No. No. Please don't, I haven't seen him yet.
Jim Berry.
Chikinik, Bokobrine.
There's a whole bunch of people. Oh look at that. O.J. McDeffey and Mark Eisenberg.
There you go. The real deal afternoon drive.
Mad Dog. O.J. McDeffey. Mad Dog's going to do a five hour show.
Right. Jesse Agler. Jason Saladkin. John offered all the best of Neil.
I'm all Howard David and the Beast. The Beast is infinity to one against.
Another one. He's better odds than I got. No chance.
You're not even on the side.
I notice that. You're on our list.
Now let me just tell Chris who's trying to learn a little bit of something here.
What do we have? We have 1346.
And now we have 48. We have 1392 Mr. Hatch.
I have 1394. You know, six more votes will have 1400 for this.
There's something else that's not on this list.
What's that? Anything that will get a rating.
Oh, well, I think most of the names that are on here aren't going to do that.
Most just just remember one thing.
What? The other, the pool is for fun.
Oh, I know. The answer is whatever isn't going to work.
Because like you say, with the current regime, whatever they like,
there are two things we know for sure.
Here's a thing that one it's going to fail and two it's going to suck right.
Not necessarily in that order.
I think it no, it'll suck, then it'll fail.
Yeah, first it has to suck and then it will fail.
It doesn't have to suck, but it will.
No, we got 51 vote and what do you get?
Another day older and deeper into 1397.
We need only three more.
Wow, we're going to do 14 other secrets.
I told you I'd ban your fat ass out.
You two kind of who should replace Hank on QM?
Hank is leaving the end of December's contractors up.
They don't want to pay him.
He doesn't want to take a 50 or 60 percent pay cut because they're treating
him like crap and he hates to rebel like poison.
George Rodriguez should do a non-sport show is 17.
Just let the Cuban broadcasting interference blend with transmitter maintenance.
16.
That means the cheap way to go, I guess.
Bring that for our nine, bring back Mo.
Five, y'all to and the crow has got two.
So you guys add a bunch of other names on here,
whatever you think that just put another five or six on there.
Did you really?
Yep.
Oh, look at that.
Got a whole bunch of names on here.
Plus we got 59 votes who are way over now.
We got oh my god.
Four.
Oh, right.
You happy now?
So happy that comes true for your fat ass.
Of course.
1405.
15 I vote.
No Bell, Laurie, adoris lessing said the 9-11 attacks in the US were not that terrible
when compared to attacks by the IRA and Britain.
September 11th was terrible, but if one goes back over the history of the IRA,
what happened to the Americans?
Wasn't that terrible?
The no Bell literature prize winner told the leading Spanish Daily L.
País.
Some Americans will think I'm crazy, she said.
Many people died to prominent buildings fell, but it was neither as terrible nor as extraordinary as they think.
There were very naive people where they pretend to be, she said, and interview published on Sunday.
You know what people forget she asked?
That the IRA attacked with bombs against our government, killed several people while the conservative Congress was being held,
and in which the Prime Minister Margaret Thancher was attending, people forget she said.
Nearly 3,000 people were killed in the 9-11 attacks, about 3700 died, and tens of thousands of people were
remaindered more than 30 years of violence in Northern Ireland.
The IRA guerrilla group which caused most of the deaths disarmed in 2005.
Attempts by the Associated Press to reach Lussie and London for comment yesterday were unsuccessful,
her agent's office said the author was unavailable because she isn't feeling well.
Oh!
In the L. País interview, Lussie had sharp words for President Bush and his ally from a British premiere Tony Blair.
I always hated Tony Blair from the beginning, she said.
Many of us hated Tony Blair.
I think he's been a disaster for Britain, and we've suffered him for many years.
I said it when he was elected.
This man is a little showman, a showman who is going to cause us problems, and he did.
As for Bush, he's a world calamity-editor, Lussie.
Everyone is tired of this man.
Either he is stupid or he is very clever, although he has to remember he is a member of a social class which is profited from wars.
Iran also came in for bashing from Lussie, it was more than a British parents who were living in now what is Bacca Tattran,
Iran, I can say, whatever it is, part of Iran.
I hate Iran, I hate the Iranian government, it's a cruel and evil government, she was quoted as saying,
look what happened to his president in New York, they called him evil and cruel and clumber university,
marvelous, they should have said more to him, nobody criticizes him because of the oil.
The author of dozens of works from short stories of science, fiction, including the classic The Golden Notebook,
Lussie won the Nobel Prize for literature earlier this month.
She was praised by the judges for her skepticism, fire, and visionary power.
Look at that, we've got 80 votes on here already on the new pool, how do you like that?
It's only been on there just a few minutes.
Just a bit of your ass out, something we need to work on here,
George is tied with a Cuban interference, you think there's like something similar about that?
I was just thinking that.
Yeah, George and Cuban noise.
Yeah, like that.
Cuban interference from Fidel, nothing we can do about it, because I'm sure there is something they could do about it,
but probably would cost money.
WDQN goes 50,000 watts, alright, you can actually hear the signal inside of a building,
would that be a concept, huh?
No, I can't imagine.
In fact, the signal is unlistenable and the lack of promotion, you put all these components together,
it's like, you know, try to swim upstream, like a tilapia.
Now, wasn't that a bit of irony that tilapia, that Toronto is the World Headquarters,
at least North America, for a tilapia fish?
Without a sight of the idea.
Wow.
Little did I realize when I looked at that dead fish on a plate last night,
crossed the table for me, I don't know how people can eat fish.
Oh, with the fork usually.
Little light.
No, no, no, no, no, it explains a lot that you don't like it.
What do you mean by that?
Huh?
Yeah.
I heard that the anti-comet.
Anyway, you got 25 in the Spanish interference is about 25.
I just moved out 29, 27.
Scott Perrell's got 11.
Mo's got 11.
Bring back Mo and the afternoon.
To the to the to the to the moment.
I mean, we know he can get at least a one point.
Oh.
He got into that.
Mo and Gelly.
So what's Gelly doing over there?
Chris, do we have any idea besides the Panthe game board?
That's just, he's not doing it.
I have no idea.
He's on TV doing a brutally Gelly-esque job.
You have no idea with who's actually on the air like on the weekends or something?
I know I've heard him on the weekends once or twice, but we'll try to find him.
Was he so weak?
Yeah, we'll get in on it.
I'm fighting over at the leaf fence.
Oh, look at that.
Bleast in a black hocks in a big bra, baby.
That's what they should have done a couple of nights ago.
They should have had a big bra because they really suck.
They couldn't win a fixed game.
I can't, maybe that'll get a whole to Joel Feinberg.
Because his people over there seem to have a real good knack.
I'm finding the piece out of day morning.
What is it?
Looks like he's on Saturday morning.
How do you know that?
You're on their website?
Yeah, I went to their lineup.
Listen, while you're on there, buy a few of those meal deals from Stugas because he's really
hurting me.
He's got stuff.
He's got stuff from before Jesus was an infant.
That's your money.
That's because they have that gigantic audience over there.
The audience is like fickle, though.
They only tune in to them like one month out of every six or seven.
They say, oh, we just decided we hate this and they run away.
Especially between July and August.
15 shares per week.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names,
the best television...
You're wonderful.
And, you're wonderful.
For Miami Dolphins Woodbull,
sports radio,
5.60 WQAM,
Miami,
scored a lot of this...
I hate this place!
Nothing works here.
I hate this place.
I hate this place!
Nothing works here!
I hate this place!
Nothing works here!
I hate this place!
Nothing works here.
You're not in the medications on work.
I've been here for seven years.
I hate this place.
Nothing works here.
