No person in this pack on me will introduce you about the express space permission of the...
It will be sold out baby, only took 19 hours and 18 minutes to sold out!
All right!
How about all the rest?
And you're home for Miami, don't you?
We picked some big fat nasty smelly, very simple here.
I'll show five sixty, probably you Q-A-M.
I'm a Miami, cord louder there.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Said I mentioned they sold all the certificates yesterday.
Yeah, they conventioned that.
Well, my yesterday, but I mean, 19 hours later, 19 hours and 18 minutes.
Not bad.
You've listened to WIOD, the shows, the daytime are better.
You've never done it by the way that they are promoting.
The sports, the news, and the weather.
It's always ankle, fur, and sunny, first and...
I don't know why now.
No one gives a crap about any of that.
If the talent that brings us all money, I'm...
He'll eat them.
That's all they're gonna tell.
The talent is losing out.
And body is they screwed up and out.
A little smaller gulding.
Okay, that's fine.
You and Rick and Sutter, what we're listening for.
They're waiting to never be better.
But all you'll ever see on the TV, on the Billboard,
is the cost for the sports or the...
It's always ankle, fur, and sunny, first and...
Are you sure?
Woo, here it is.
Well, Gellie's head better days.
Okay, it's time to put it off on it.
10.03.560 WQ Headlets of Friday.
And this is our last show for September.
How do you like that?
I bet you thought I was gonna say this is our last show.
No.
No, one thing about me, like I told you, I show up every day.
And I will continue doing that for another...
See, October is Monday.
October 1.
Am I correct about that?
I'm gonna take a look at the calendar.
I'm pretty sure, last time we all checked.
Yeah.
Right?
Yeah.
So that means that exactly, it's like a dividing line.
I mean, 15 months left.
Mm-hmm.
Tober and remember December, 15 months left.
And I think it'll be appropriate to have a last show
on December 30 next year, because didn't we start on December 30th?
We're talking about yesterday.
This year, it'll be 10 years, December 30th.
So then, next year, December 30th, they'll be...
Bye-bye!
Oh, baby, I wish it was like December 28th or 9th.
Mm-hmm.
But we didn't want to push the clock ahead too much.
That's a good day, dear.
What?
It's a good day.
What do you mean by that?
December 29th, that's a good day.
Is that your birthday?
Yeah.
Well, happy birthday then.
I'll have a little oily with thanks.
Hahaha.
Oh.
And you're right.
The thing with the phone calls, I don't know what possesses me
to keep going back there.
It's like a double kind of a disease.
I don't know.
It's like a maggot magnet.
But I...
And how many times have I said no more?
About 30, man!
No moss, baby.
That's why today I'm setting all the ground rules
for those last 15 months.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Since this is our last...
This is our pre-15 month to go show.
Okay.
Really fascinating and very uplifting to hear that
in all the meetings they have,
promotional meetings and sales meetings,
that this show is never mentioned at WWE.
And if anybody does by accident whisper something
about the new Roger Shore everybody will...
What are you talking about?
That's not a sports show.
What if I told you that's a very important stuff?
That's right.
At a bytrolley, Joe, you just continue rolling right along,
singing your very sad song.
And we're going to be here every day.
Five months later,
Bollywood actress Shopa Shetty is still holding the effects...
Shopa Shetty, she's feeling kind of shetty,
is still feeling the effects of a kiss from Richard Geer.
Immigration officials at Mumbai Airport in India,
briefly detained Shetty,
saying she was still wanted for a sanity charges,
found in the wake of the public kiss with a Hollywood star,
her publicist Dale Bagwagar said yesterday.
Shetty was in tears late Wednesday after being
stocked at the airport while on her way to Berlin,
where the musical Miss Bollywood opens this weekend.
Shetty plays the musical's lead role.
She called me in the middle of the night,
was in tears at Bagwag, uh, Bag whatever this guy's name is,
adding Shetty was finally permitted to join her dance
true factor prolonged questioning.
I can understand something like this,
if I committed a criminal offense,
but what was my offense when I'm just an actor,
going to perform a musical on a four-land,
Bagwagar quoted Shetty as saying,
Geer embraced and kissed Shetty on the cheek
at a public aide's awareness event in New Delhi in April,
sparking an outcry among conservative hard-line Hindus,
who claimed the paired violent of the country's strict anti-obscinity laws.
Oh my God, that's not all he did.
What else did he do?
Well, he kept kissing her all over her face
through her to the ground and then basically like ground on her,
on the ground.
Where'd you come up with that?
Yes, on the video of it, you didn't?
No, I didn't. All over it was like flying and hugging and kissing
and verbal involvement in this?
No, no, just her.
No.
A regional court issued a rest of war once against Geer
and barged Shetty from leaving the country,
the order was soon overturned by the Supreme Court.
This is from the San Francisco gate.com,
so obviously they're leaving certain information out.
It's a guy darn thing.
You're so crisp, cases boys, almost said it.
I mean, still no big deal.
I mean, but I guess it is over there.
But it was hardly just a kiss on the cheek.
The Supreme Court ruling didn't show up in the immigration department
and computer system bagwagarras said.
Immigration officials said Mumbai's international airport
couldn't be reached for comment, but bagwagarras said
Shetty's lawyers would take up the matter with authorities.
Shortly after the April-Bruha high erupted,
Geer apologized for any offence he may have caused,
but the actor also said the controversy had been manufactured
by a small hardline political party.
Geer 58 is a frequent visitor in geopromoting health issues
and the cause of Tibetan exiles.
Tens of thousands of whom live in India.
Shetty of Walnut, in Accreson, in Jebiquin International Star
after appearance on the British reality show Celebrity Big Brother.
So he threw it to the ground and Humphdur and,
I'm not trying to find it on YouTube,
but he was like lying her and kissing her.
What do you do?
Is he a crazy person?
Well, yeah, he is.
Well, we know that.
Makes me sick.
So anyway, yesterday we did finally sell out.
I do want to say this though.
And I think today's poll is very timely too.
I think this is really good.
Leave it to me to try to like make one desperate last come back.
And I think desperate is hard too.
Wow.
Nice call, Charlie Joe.
I'm going to tell you, man,
you couldn't have booked you to bedriff.
I think he's working for a cross-street.
I really do.
Maybe that's why he sent him out.
It makes sense.
I would explain a lot.
I would explain a lot.
The constant communication they have had.
Because he sure has done everything in his power like deep six
this so short here and to you that.
But at any rate, the thing with the certificates
that we do on Thursday at noon,
it's not compelling radio.
You won't say it.
It's just not compelling.
And with all due respect,
I was duff in the coming of this morning.
The muffinster was just absolutely conspicuous by her absence.
To say, oh, it's a great job yesterday.
And he came by and said, what?
Hi.
And here's the certificates for next week's thing.
He should have been in here and I should have gived him an ass.
I'll do it Monday morning if he has the balls to show up.
I'll be here.
Because it's just, you know, it's ponderous.
You know, what we'll do is we'll open the thing up
and then every, like, maybe 20 minutes or so,
we'll tell you what we got going.
And that's it.
I see Stu-Gots has got 71 left from last night.
From Joseph's on the water.
Didn't we have them on a few weeks ago?
Not that long ago?
We sold them all out.
No problem.
Stu-Gots has got 71 left on his website from last night.
So what am I mown and groaning about, you know?
But it's just not compelling radio.
It's just a cock-eye is what it is to keep going.
You know, and of course, I feel compelled to get the job done.
You know, we're there for the client.
And we've got to sell them all out and like,
pushin' and yankin' and twistin' and it's just...
Okay, so he didn't throw it to the ground.
He kind of dipped her.
But I'll send you the video.
Oh, huh.
So you see, right, the George's tellin' tales right off the bat.
So what on the take is somebody paying you off to make these things up?
Yeah, that political party that has the actual grind to be a day.
Bastardo.
India, yeah.
Yeah.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Which of these do you care about least 1,520 votes?
That's not too bad.
There are a lot of people vote on the poll.
And too bad we don't have a lot of people listening.
But we will again someday.
You'll see we're gonna work our asses off.
Paraselton 360.
They don't wanna know from that bitch.
Brittany Spears 307.
OJ 242.
Oh, OJ 242.
Don't do it again, OJ.
Lindsay Lohan 214.
The Gina 6139.
And that's cause we got mostly white folks out there who are not, you know, I'm gonna get involved in that crap.
Sports 129 speakin' a crap.
Let's see, that often play the Raiders and that's a home game this week too, right?
Correct.
Wow.
Woo!
Is that a 1 o'clock or 4 o'clock?
Probably 4 o'clock.
What?
It's a 1 o'clock?
That doesn't make any sense to me.
What's it gonna be about?
98 and thunder storms and pouring and...
Yeah, we even try to put the better teams on at 4 o'clock.
Oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
Wow, what a shot that was.
I got news for you.
Wayne is gonna send one of his henchmen over and kick your ass before the day is out.
What a...
Talkin' about the Raiders.
What?
Talkin' about the Raiders.
Oh, I see.
I thought you were talking about the Dothans.
Or maybe about both.
The Gina 6139 sports 129.
Global warming 42.
The GM Strike 41, Finito.
Politics 32 and the Economy 6.
So from the bottom up, they care most about the economy.
Money, baby.
Let's go to the Wall Street.
Here's Rick Riley with today's Fear of Value number.
And then politics after that.
They want bush-passing and everybody will lot more of that in the next 15 months.
In fact, we got that big election coming up that we ought to be heavy political, baby.
Although, of course, the swallery people probably turned on me because I won't suck up to her.
The swallery people?
Yeah, the swallery people on the...
What?
Well, these...
You know, something one day next week will do that pool.
I mean, we do it frequently with an election coming up all over the way.
And you'll see even in our crowds swallery people are going to have the age.
I'm sorry.
I know, no, no.
I know they exist.
And Barack was under the weather for that debate two nights ago.
And he wasn't too dynamic.
But, you know, I mean, you couldn't tell he was sick, but you could tell he was off his feet.
She probably...
They probably peed in his porridge or something like that.
Here's today's pool.
What's your take on these pools?
Wow!
A pool on pools.
Now the man's gone totally off the deep end.
You're right.
545 votes.
So, recently, we have so few votes on this because this pool didn't go on until late last night.
Thanks, Eric, for putting it on, by the way.
I didn't send him one until I don't remember nine thirty or so.
And he whipped it right on there in the pool, too.
What's your take on these pools?
They're fine.
295.
I do like that.
They're fine.
That's unusual.
Oh, we're fine.
Who gives a Schmidt 107?
Who gives a crack?
Well, they're okay, but Neil talks about them too much.
97.
17.7%.
I'd say, I talk about the pool too much.
Well, that's going to stop as of today, since we're delineating a whole new deal today.
One of them being that phone is done.
I know Joe Bell may not understand this, but there aren't ten people out there who want to hear...
Hi, Ron!
John Bond!
We open up those things up and just play the periodic answer.
I was going to put them on tape and we can just keep playing them, dropping them in old clothes.
Sure.
You know, we're getting like that.
Yeah.
Hi, Ron!
You know, because they might call frequently, but at least they say the same thing every time they call.
That's correct.
They're fine.
They're okay, but Neil talks about them too much.
97.
They're ponderous.
26.
And they suck at it.
Only 20 out of 5.45.
We're going to get rid of them.
Through the last of their feet.
Oh, my God.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
You know his real politics.
4.60 km.
I'm the sports leader.
Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
You failed.
Strain stories.
They're going around.
A second we start doing something we have.
The trouble didn't get in and by itself.
We should have let the have at your own best self.
A richer, a killer.
And road into me.
We say way from my pick to your kids.
When you love like a star, there's no need to stop.
Just head down to the pet shop for another.
I never love her.
Don't wanna do the richer gear.
Richer gear.
Richer gear.
Richer gear.
You fail.
Richer gear.
Rock them.
Richer gear.
Everybody, everyone now, it's American, Jabalau.
Everybody now, it's American, Jabalau.
I put my favorite face in my picture below.
Here's the schedule for today.
We got Mad Dog at two.
We got the power hour with the Humper and the Mad Dog together between four and five,
Humper Goldberg solo between five and six, thirty five, kind of an unusual time I would
say.
And the meds who are choking and gagging like crazy and are not having time with the
fillings for first in the division, how could they go that lead, Chris, because they
suck.
They suck, evidently, but anyway, they're in town.
No, they're in New York.
It's a game in New York.
Marlins on deck at six, thirty five, the Marlins at the meds, a chance to be
sporters, not much else, because I think they've got last place wrapped up the
Marlins, don't they?
Even though they swept the cubs.
Quite possible, I'm gonna say.
I'm pretty sure they're gonna be licensed in the division, but nevertheless,
Marlins at the meds at seven, ten, followed by a game night, where they did the
K. That's our award-winning schedule here at QM.
Then we got Hurricanes, football tomorrow.
What about it?
Is Duke any good or they like a girl school this year?
Yeah, kind of a girl school.
All the last year.
Wait a minute.
They barely-
I'm all in place again.
No paper.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
They can tie Washington.
That's about the best they do if they sweep in Washington's get swept.
What does that have to do with Duke?
Well, you're- you put your ass in it, did they have last place locked up?
But yeah, Duke, Duke almost won last year.
Yeah.
That which was kind of sad.
But we still have an ink one, two, for about five minutes, isn't it?
Yeah.
That was disgusting the way you were ripping him in ass yesterday.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that says Uncle Neil and Georgia, I realize that Richard Gears a crazy person,
but you have to admit that the Indian girl is really hot.
Also I always thought that India was not as hung up on sexist Muslim countries, even
the S. What's up with that?
Well, the Hindus are evidently got some serious hang-ups, okay?
And I think the Dalai Lama and two crazy about that.
Now, if he were to sung like Hello, Dalai, I guess they'd been a lot nicer.
What's the Dalai Lama got to do with Hindus?
I don't know.
What does the Buddhist say?
I don't know.
I can't keep all these crazy religions straight.
There's so many of them in the wrongful of crap.
And they're all like, oh gee, you touched the lady and you did this?
And oh, you were kissing the public.
Oh, oh.
Oh, this chuzz of rhyme, man.
It's just crap.
Now, if I start talking about that, what I'm trying to do is like maybe once a half hour,
I'll give you how many votes we got and what the result is, and that's it.
Okay.
Because 17.6% say the polls are fine.
Just don't talk about it so much.
You fat faggot.
Stop talking about it so much.
You idiot.
You moron.
You jackass.
You ferr.
That's it.
So I'm going to, you know, because like I said, today's like a, it's a training course
for starting on Monday, our last 15 months.
And I think we ought to have heavy duty promotion on Neal's last 15 months on the year.
And Norma Kent, the quit waste in your time, you know, I'm going to be 100 years old in
another month and a half whenever the hell it is.
And Norma Kent, oh, I'm talking to this one and I'm thinking about that one.
And you know, we're, yeah, go talk to yourself, Norma.
You silly person.
You just, uh, spin in your wheels.
Go talk to Joyce.
Do a be healthy Joyce right on top of her desk, a big steaming pile of Joyce.
Wait till you hear this.
Okay.
Because before the show, George was telling me the story I had yesterday by Greg Palast about
Dan Rather was pretty interesting.
I've one today by William Rivers Pit about Dan Rather's a matter of fact.
Dan Lee Boy.
Well, it's a little different, but at any rate.
A 9-11 first responder, who shared new light and how he heard a countdown before the
demolition of Building 7 on 9-11, he was told a shut-up by Superior's when he tried to
report secondary explosions and why vision security measures were enacted to prevent people
from accessing certain areas of Ground Zero.
Former Air Force Special Operations for Search and Rescue Expert Kevin McPednan traveled
to Ground Zero completely of his own accord and spent the next four days searching through
the rubble and nearby buildings for survivors.
McPednan described the moment before the collapse of World Trade Center Building 7.
When we saw the fireman pick there up, their equipment and start bustling back and forth
that were getting ready to do something.
We started asking questions, said McPednan.
Despite numerous attempts to glean information from Red Cross officials, McPednan and other
first responders were told nothing.
While one official shortly after talking to the fireman held his hand over his radio and
told them to just sit tight and calm down before admitting they're thinking about bringing
the building down.
McPednan and his colleagues were mifped as to what the official meant by the statement initially
thinking the building next to them was possibly being brought down.
He took his hand off for the last three seconds of editing here, 3-2-1.
Said McPednan, adding that the official then gave a heartfelt look and told the first
responders just run for your life.
McPednan got the impression that the Red Cross official had been ordered not to give the
first responders a warning that the building was coming down and then you heard, boom,
boom, boom, McPednan said describing the son of bombs tearing down the building.
McPednan explained the reason democracy now host Amy Goodman, others were captured on
video running from the scene and reaching stationary onlookers of the building started
to collapse as if they were able to hear the full countdown on the radio further down
the street.
And I've got to store the story on our website tomorrow.
And the link is there and you can watch the video.
Later in the interview, McPednan reveals how he witnessed up close steel beams from
the twin towers that have been symmetrically cut at perfect angles, a clear sign that
explosives were used.
McPednan said officials were acting very suspiciously and subsequently prevented people
from getting near the beams.
He also highlighted the fact that vicious security was quickly set up around certain areas
around zero and that people were barred from accessing certain areas for no reason, also
either cameras confiscated.
When McPednan attempted to report that secondary explosions were heard by numerous people,
he was harshly ordered to shut up and don't repeat it by superiors.
He also talked to numerous firefighters who acknowledged that they also heard secondary
explosions but said obviously somewhere in the command structure they were told to shut
up.
Maybe Bill always in there going shut up, shut up like that.
Bill Arion, shut up.
I think we got to start kissing Keith Oberman's ass again too.
We got to kiss up to a swillery and no Oberman.
Kissy kissy kissy right?
No.
No, I'm just being facetious.
I don't know.
I'm not kissing anybody's ass.
Even fat jolly Joe.
That would be a scene.
I guess not just the Hindus would be upset by that.
I think the whole of human race would be grossed out by that.
577 on that pole, Chris.
It's a low number.
That's a bad Monday.
The whole habits are hard to break.
We did sell out those certificates yesterday and apologize.
We're not going to be doing that again.
I mean, we'll be doing the thing but we won't be.
We're not going to take the whole show and hand it over to the sales department which
basically that's one of the problems we got.
Here's that, you know, I don't want to dwell more than two, three hours on that topic
but you know what I'm talking about.
Yep.
If it doesn't have to do with sales, well, screw it.
What are we doing it for?
Why are we wasting our time on it?
Of course, it's always been that way.
Here, just give us the F and money, baby.
How many hours we got?
Twenty four hours a day.
How many spots can we fit in there?
Because we're not just a radio station.
We're a horror station.
We are horror radio.
I mean, that's not anything new.
I've told you that for a long time.
It's a horror business.
So why not be a radio station?
Right.
So let's just go in there and take the whole show and turn it over to this one.
In fact, it reminds me of that one product I'm not going to mention which was on a year.
I stopped doing it.
But I don't think it's on anymore.
I don't know.
Maybe it's on in the morning show.
But they wanted the guy from the company wanted to come on a year and have his own segment
every day on the phone.
Right.
Remember that?
In fact, I've got some of that in my cupboard and it's sitting there running.
But nevertheless, I don't want to talk about what it was.
You can find the serious challenge.
Oh, I'm glad.
How can he be there?
How can this be going on?
And the public is worried about crap.
Although who's playing this weekend?
Let's see.
Oh, that's right.
The Patriots are playing the Cincinnati.
Am I right?
Is that a Monday night game?
Chris or what?
I'd have to look.
Yeah, but that's a plan.
What was that you just said?
Said I would have to look on the schedule part.
But yes, I believe that's a good plan.
I think so.
I think it's a Monday night game.
The bangles.
That could be a really, really touch and go.
Really tense.
Although I doubt it.
I'm about to go to the best challenge.
How about those players?
Sorry about that.
For later.
So, best dude.
Oh, excuse me.
I like to fart.
Bush is face.
I like to fart.
And Bush is face.
I want to have bug a human race.
I like to fart.
And Bush is face.
Absolutely.
I like to show George what I think.
With a nasty blast of my coal and a stain.
On behalf of the human race.
I like to fart.
Bush is face.
I don't care.
On behalf of the human race.
I like to fart.
And Bush is face.
And I just did ordinary pedestrian one.
But I really ranked nasty like an egg fart.
I mean, what?
What?
Heal it.
One where you can almost see the gas in the air.
You can almost visualize it.
And we had a five second spot, LAS, break.
Now, here's the deal.
Okay.
Because this seems to be the goal of the sales department.
It's to like load up the log with as many spots as possible.
As many humans.
For lives, though.
That's the new one I'm being on.
Sure.
I'm doing that.
I have nothing to do with it.
The team is in short.
No.
15 will do that.
The limit on the show is like 14 minutes an hour.
But if you take the minute and divide it up into five second spots.
That's 12.
So if each break is four minutes, that means we can have like 48.
Five second spots on every break.
I'll arrive.
Can you imagine that?
That would be interesting.
Let's do 48 spots.
Well, let's start right now.
Wow.
You've heard of nickel slots.
We could sell them for a nickel each.
Yeah.
So it's a little spot.
How about a dollar a dollar?
This story is just enough to make to give me spilties.
And listen.
Let me just say this right now.
Because I want to alert the audience.
I want them to understand.
You won't be hearing.
Rai rai!
Chava anymore.
You won't be hearing that.
You won't be hearing Reverend George's great chowty.
And that.
Anymore.
Gee, what will we do?
We've been here, confamulating with George and Chris every single day for the next 15 months.
And I got my huge, I got a pile here that's almost at the ceiling.
A pile of stuff that I find is pretty interesting.
Okay?
That you won't hear on your weekly reader and your whatever else.
Right.
And you sure won't hear on the footy show.
Oh, that's right.
It is a good idea that we start the whole new direction on Monday because we got the footy on Monday and Jim DeFese started on an agency of competition.
Oh, that's some really stiff competition.
Now we're going to survive with that.
Whoa.
I mean, footy, you talk about pulls that one about which is worse.
As traffic goes, which is worse to Palmetto or 595?
Seriously, a three-year-old child could come up with a better coup d'état.
A more compelling pull question than that.
Jesus, God Almighty.
But everybody's a talk show host.
Just remember that.
Keep that in mind.
I will.
And that Jim DeFese is, wow, he's 8 million pounds of talk.
An ultra-secret conservative group, so secret that members don't even use the group's name and communications,
will feature Vice President Dick Taney as a speaker at a meeting in Utah today.
So secret that they don't dare to say its name.
Taney will address the fall meeting of the Council for National Policy,
a group whose self-described mission is to promote a free enterprise system,
a strong national defense and support for traditional Western values,
according to Salt Lake City Tribune.
Founded in 1981 by the unbelievably anxious Tim La Hay,
the co-author of the popular post of apocalyptic Christian-themed left behind books,
post-apocalyptic.
The group holds confidential meetings three times year-tended by a small,
but powerful cadre of top conservatives of Nazi bastards like Dick Taney.
The media should not know when or where we meet or who takes part in our programs before or after a meeting.
One of the group's rules reads, according to the York Times,
profile of the organization in 2004, top secret baby.
The membership list is strictly confidential,
so the times guests may attend only with unanimous approval of the Executive Committee.
In email messages to one another,
the paper continued, members are instructed not to refer to the organization by name
to protect against leaks.
Wow.
We do not allow to become,
we support candidates who issue public policy statements and controversial issues
that the group states on its website.
Members meet to share the best information available on national and world problems,
no one another on a personal basis and collaborate in achieving their shared goals.
Check Republic President Voxov-Voxlov-Closs is also expected to rest
the Council for National Policy Meeting in downtown Salt Lake City of the Tribune reports,
adding that GOP presidential hopeful Mitt Romney will also be in Utah,
but didn't respond to the newspaper, but was or not, he'll be attending the very, very secret meeting.
In other words, he may or he may not, but it's a secret.
Everyone can bring Gary Moore back to life, and I've got a secret.
I have Dick Cheney on there.
On your routine, Dick Cheney's got lots of secrets.
Make no noise about that.
606 on your pool, Chris. What do you think?
We're not going to go through that anymore.
That was just an exercise, just to give it out of my system.
Sometimes you do things by road.
In other words, you're going to have it at doing so.
Like next Thursday, for example, when we do the Neil Deal, the Toof for Wendell,
or whatever we call it, don't let me get all whipped up like I did yesterday.
That was bad. That was really bad.
I'm George Apollon-Joyzes for you.
Oh, sorry.
You were encouraging me. You kept saying, oh, you're going to do what you're going to do.
Of course, we had a fake. We had a stumped faker there at the end of the show
and it lanned very last of bit.
I Apollon-Joyzes!
Shevon left and then all of a sudden I said, now there's only one.
It looked like we just barely missed on them all.
Then, of course, like 215, I looked at it and it was back to 7 again.
So some faker out there, probably used, you know, like some discover card or something like that on it.
Probably used an old Jordan Marsh card to try to buy six dinners.
Much of fakers were on to you.
It was probably Joel Feinberg. Everything bad that he would do anything to hurt us.
What a bunch of little children, baby. I think it's appropriate.
You have a fits right into the ambiance of the whole sports thing.
A bunch of overgrown children.
Oh, my team's better than yours as we got the Marlins.
No, but you got the Dolphins. Who's got the Panthers?
And who could possibly care?
If there were 500 people with that Panthers exhibitionist game against the Black Cawks game today,
there were, you know, there were 50 million.
And I had to report by one of the people who was there. How do you like that?
Did you guys spies that have been lodged and slipped through their grasp again?
Oh, my God.
This is from Raw Story. It's pretty raw.
Our U.S. spy plane picked up some tantalizing clues last month indicating we're terribly there
or some of it, a lot of us deputies might be hiding.
But intelligence officials were unable to move quickly enough to capture or kill the alcatamaster mind.
NBC News reported yesterday. How do you like that?
We had to write our grasp again.
And here we are all these years later and all those trillions of dollars later.
And we still can't get that bearded son of a bitch.
The sighting came in the rugged mountain passes of Torah, Bore, and BC Correspondent Jimi Klochevsky
reported on the Today Show.
An unmanned spy plane spotted a large security-continent similar in size to one that would guard been lodged.
There was number two. I'm in the Pine, in Al-Zawari.
Although intelligence officials were unable to possibly identify either of the top terrorists.
I wonder what kind of a schmata they're wearing. I wonder what kind of garb they're dressed in.
Probably a burst-brother suit.
Oh, it wasn't him. It was Greg Reed.
The intelligence gathered launched the largest military operation in Afghanistan.
In five years, Klochevsky reported some intelligence military officials believe there was a high probability
bin Laden or Zawari who were there despite the lack of a positive ID.
Maybe they should have checked his ID.
US forces spent three days in the nights pounding the al-Qaeda hideout killing 19 al-Qaeda and teleman officials.
But missing bin Laden again.
Some officials told NBC that the mission wasn't swift enough to capture a kill America's number one enemy in the war on terror.
They were just too slow, too cumbersome, too risk-averse.
Mike, she and NBC terrorism, analis said, and again, we missed him.
How do you like that?
Too cumbersome, too slow, and too risk-averse.
Wow.
He's always right there, like within our grasp.
Oops, there he goes again.
Can't get him where I'm in the prime.
Or even Mula Bula Omar, which I guess they forgot all about him.
Did you forget about Mula Bula?
I didn't.
Wolley Bolley.
Who the hell did Wolley Bolley?
Sam the Sham in the pharaohs.
Am I right?
Yes.
You are in the Sham in the pharaohs.
Six ten on the pool.
We were going to at six ten a little while ago.
We had five, sixteen now.
We moved into six ten.
Isn't that where a footy's going to be on Monday?
Don't forget footy and I need no Monday on six ten.
Don't say I didn't promote your show, footy.
Good luck to you, you'll need it.
Faker.
What's your take on these poles?
614 now.
They got off that six ten on the hurry and who would blame them?
They're fine.
335.
They're just fine.
That's over 50%.
54 and a half percent.
See, this is my half hour's attention of the pole.
If I do it again this half hour, Chris, cut me right off.
Okay.
Why?
They said that.
Who gives this Schmidt 119?
That's a very sour.
Although I did put it on there as a choice, but...
That's a very negative attitude when you say who gives this Schmidt.
They're okay, but Neil talks about them too much 110, 17.9 percent.
You're right.
I apologize profusely.
Not.
They're ponderous 27 and they suck every to them only 23 out of 614 votes.
And they're sure no like paper or plastic or which show road you think has the crappiest track of...
I know I've told you earlier, but you're doing it, don't you?
You are a G42560 QAM.
Next, force leader.
12, ride a U-bestons.
Welcome aboard the Ft. Walmonton.
A long time, please keep your hands in sight as well and your head in sight as well.
Enjoy your dinner.
1044, 16 before 11 and 560 WQAM.
George Bush was convinced that Sodom was serious about going into exile after Sodom offered him...
Or a billion dollars to go into exile.
Sodom was said to offer to step down and go into exile a month before the invasion of a rank that was claimed last night.
Fearing defeat, Sodom was prepared to go peacefully and return for one billion dollars.
The extraordinary offer was revealed yesterday in a transcript of talks in February 2003
between George Bush and then Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar, the President of Texas Ranch,
or he calls him Anzare.
The White House refused to comment on the before last night, but it verified it is certain to raise questions and watch them in London
over whether the cost of the four-year work had been averted.
Only yesterday the Bush administration has Congress for another hundred billion dollars to finance the conflicts in a RAC in Afghanistan.
Butcher, blood all over your hands, blood onto your armpits, blood in your back dough, we can only hope.
Butcher, I say we have George Bush and Joe Belville on trial at the same time.
What do you say?
All right, for Butchery.
The total war bill for British taxpayers expected to reach $7 billion by next year, it goes $7 billion, $14 billion.
Oh, this is in the British Daily Mile.
More than $3800 American service personnel have lost their lives in a RAC with 170 Brits and tens of thousands,
and hundreds of thousands of RAC's civilians is the correct number, maybe a million.
However, according to the tapes a month before he launched the invasion, Mr. Bush appeared convinced that Saddam was serious about going into exile.
The Egyptians are speaking to Saddam Hussein, said Mr. Bush, it seems he indicated he would be prepared to go into exile if he's allowed to take a billion dollars,
and all the information he wants about weapons of mass destruction.
As part of the Spanish mayor, whether Saddam Hussein executed in December last year could really leave the president of the plight,
yes, that possibility exists or he might even be assassinated, but he added that whatever happened will be embagged at by the end of March.
Mr. Bush went on to be for optimistically to be building a RAC.
It's going tremendously well.
How's that hospital for a little kid's doing that Laura was raving about?
Finally the children of RAC has come.
The transcript which is published yesterday in the Spanish newspaper L. Pais was said to have been recorded by a diplomat at the meeting in Crawford, Texas,
February 22, 2003, and Bush says on the tape will be embagged at by the end of March whatever happens.
Mr. Bush was dismissive of then-French president Jacques Chirac saying he thinks he's Mr. Arab.
Mr. A-Rab, remember A-Rab by Ray Stevens?
A-Rab, remember that?
Yep, maybe that was Jacques Chirac.
Referring to his relationship with Downey Street, he said, I don't mind being the bad cop if Blair is the good cop.
It's not like Stan Major.
Oh, it's good cop, bad cop.
The president added Sodom won't change.
He'll keep on playing games.
The time has come to give it to him.
That's the way it is.
He said, I guess I don't like Walter Cronkite and that's the way it is.
Days before the invasion began, March 22, 2003, the United Arab Emirates proposed to a summit of Arab leaders that Sodom and his henchmen should go into Wenzile.
It was the first time the plan had been officially voiced but it was drowned out in the drumbeat of war.
A spokesman from Mr. Anzai has no comment and it's authenticity.
Now I'm starting to say it's not a tax-skilled 57 people in Iraq yesterday.
They just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, by the way, 57 more dead people, you know, who are dead because of these butchers went in there and evaded another country.
And they're planning on hanging out there for a long, long time.
And Alan Greenspan says, well, that was all about the oil, but blah, blah, blah, blah.
Which of course I said a long time ago.
Oh, Neil, you're such a skeptic.
You're so anti-bors, you're such a liberal comedy pic-o-fag, blah, blah, blah, blah, like that, you know.
Oh, boy, all the propaganda all the time.
Cliffsector writes on the smirking, chin, correct feel, admits feeling NBC pressure on Iraq coverage.
Is there anybody out there who watches Katie correct?
No.
No.
What did I tell you when the CBS did that, too?
Did I tell you you have to be a genius to figure that out?
No, that's obvious.
I mean, a disaster, a move that even Joe Bell would have raised for eyebrows, Alan.
And then, when I was a kid, I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
I was a kid.
Thanks.
sent me a wash-in-ow on Iraq, even though you'd need binoculars to see tougher Russians ratings
from where he was, et cetera and so forth.
But for some reason I still get that sinking feelings as close
as the pit of my stomach every time I hear stories like this.
It reminds me that as skeptical as I am of our corporate
crony media not skeptical enough upon finishing his work at the
Constitutional Convention, a woman walked up to Benjamin Franklin and asked
him what type of government our Constitution would birth.
Franklin famously replied, a republic if you can keep it.
Yup, Cliff says, if we can keep it.
So you haven't been turned to the stories of that adds a little more impact.
I agree, I think it does.
Does it really?
Like it adds closure.
Spenser New York high school student Heather Farnham causes to her this week
when she showed up to school wearing a shirt that reads that red gay find
by me.
Seeing the shirt Spencer Bennett in high school principal and Simcock
took her from the dean of students.
That's her name.
Both officials are agreed that Farnham need to go home and change.
Her t-shirt read gay find by me.
Farnham did go home but she didn't change.
She refused to back down and called the media to share a story.
She went home but she just didn't come back.
Though she's aware of a school dress code which forbid potentially disruptive clothing,
Farnham tells the ethical journal she had no idea that Simcock and company would object.
She said, I think it's just an expression of the opinion that in my opinion more people
need to be open to.
I don't think someone who's gay can help being gay.
I have friends who are gay and I don't have a problem with the shirt.
It's not putting anyone down.
It doesn't say straight people suck.
It doesn't say gay people suck.
It just says it's okay to be gay.
It doesn't say straight people suck at well.
Simcock refused to come in in a specific situation.
Farnham's mother meanwhile supported her out of entirely.
In fact, she bought Farnham the shirt and it says here mother knows best.
How do you like that?
Gay?
Find by me.
Oh, you've got to go home honey.
That's very controversial.
Oh my God.
Zined American man.
It's scary.
Isn't it scary?
Yes it is.
Be afraid.
Oh wait.
Be afraid.
It sounds better.
Be afraid.
The US military is building a base in Iraq just five miles from the border with Iran to
prevent cross-border armistimuggling.
The base called combat outpost shocker will be manned by 200 soldiers along with agents
from US border patrol and will monitor truck traffic and cell phone conversations among
she-ad pilgrims.
Obviously, the Iranians probably won't be very happy about a Colonel Mark Moore, commander
of the border transition team told ABC News.
Border security has been essentially ignored since the US invasion of Iraq, but the establishment
of the base at this time is also seen as targeting what the US claims are Iranian attempts
to smuggle advanced armed to Iraqi insurgents.
The Associated Press however concludes that it is likely to be a drop in the bucket when
dealing with a 900 mile long border where smuggling is a centuries old way of life.
In a telephone conversation with Ross during early this month, Steve Clemens, director
of the American Strategy Program at the New American Foundation and publisher of the Washington
Note, said his greatest concerns surrounding Iran was that the US might seize on an accidental
incident such as a collision between the US and Iranians ship or a border skirmish between
Iraq and Iran as a cases bellae, as an excuse to start the big one over there.
A mistake in the Gulf or ships collider US soldiers are attacked or Israel fires a local
level cruise missile attack against the Tans or there's a border skirmish between Iraq
and Iran the results in the death of a high ranking military or diplomatic official.
Any of these could spark a conflict he said.
He also says Bush deviated from a chained laid track to lunch or first strike on Iran,
citing his examples frustration that the Vice President AIDS are airing a conversation
with a journalist who sat in on the December 2006 strategy meeting in private conversations
with high level foreign policy players.
Dick Cheney that's the chigger in a wood pile baby I'm telling you that right now a
crazy evil person if there ever was one.
Not that Bush isn't evil but he's an and crazy but not as devious because you're
going to be devious you have to have a certain amount of smarts you know what I mean by that?
Yep.
Six thirty seven on your pull but I'm not going to be the result till next half hour
Chris.
Okay.
Would that be a good idea?
Sure I'm tempted to do I mean you know although 17.4% say the polls are okay but
Neil just talks about them too much so I'm not going to do that now.
We did so out there yesterday in fact I think just by being here every day we're kind
of like selling out the question in my case it's justifiable because it's a big fat
paycheck waiting probably about a week from Monday.
Maybe a week from Tuesday although a week from Monday sounds good to me but nevertheless
whenever the hell it comes it'll be there it'll be big and fat just like me just like
our general man the man Fanash Jolly Joe Bell from Raleigh North Carolina where I don't
know if he's from there is he from there is that where he came was last job I don't know.
Well we know his last job was right in the building he was over there at kids he was
kissing the rate he was the GM over at kids and when Greg Reed of course was doing
dastardly things they said well let's you know push Greg into like something else like
in some other kind of a suit now when he comes into building he doesn't wear that
berks brother suit he used to wear anywhere with that crappy haircut.
All of that we're out of luck outside.
Five thousand dollar Italian silk suit it wasn't berks brothers like some some expensive
Italian suit and have a hair a five dollar haircut.
I think you ought to call up John Edwards Barber and you know maybe pass it along to Greg.
You see him at all or you know what Greg no no not John it was a great thing.
I don't see him often I hear that he's in the building I hear a spidery port.
It's a little subtle nobody's dressing up in a little scuttle but around the hall
of the dumps like that right and what about Mandy Bell we don't see his skinny smiley
other asser ever.
He's gone forever.
What was that what happened was that just the fact Greg is going home and he goes to
and he's part of the big reds pocket right sure.
Yeah he was like a little magic that Greg carried around in his pocket.
It's the best fancy.
It's the new project.
It's the five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is the new Roger show.
You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you fair.
This is your brain.
Go go go go go go go go go go go go.
Any questions.
Some safe and give you cards.
Some stations give you cash.
This station is going to give you the best gift of all because this station is going
to give you peace of mind.
There better.
Just be a third colour when you hear this song.
And we'll give you a lobotomy.
That's right.
We'll remove a part of your brain responsible for coherent thoughts.
No more fear.
No more problems.
Just day after day of peaceful living in a semi-beditated state you'll be surrounded by people who will quote you
Feed you and record your every bubble movement spend your days playing with bits of paper and brightly colored blind
What's he for our piece of mind?
Oh because you had a lot of me
This station is not liable for botch lobotomies that leave winners nearly stupid instead of peaceful
But we will try to find you a nice job in an area convenience store on the night shift in the back lose your mind
Literally keep listening to his
Okay, 11 o'clock we could use a group of bottomy a QM there's no question about that couldn't hurt
Couldn't hurt now. I see an end's got a more detailed story about the Richard year thing with a shilpa shetty
Yes, and actually in the picture of here, and he's got her like down on the stage kind of like
Like a dip, but
One hell of a dip. Yeah, he's kind of a dip. Oh, what's there then?
In fact, he's one of those half dozen or so people when I see him with him in it
I turn it on you got the video there for what it's worth
Video what I emailed you the link. Oh, I don't want to see the whole thing with Richard gear and I ate that long going into the weekend
I don't want to get all that depressed. I'm sure anything long the link either who's the other one?
I can't stay when I see him John Revelled they said for that one movie he was in the
I can huh I said uh-huh and
There's about a half a dozen people like that sure James Woods and kind of like
All the time in America was good. Yeah, if you could stay away through it
Well, it's only 15 hours long. I know. When actor Richard gear swept
Bollywood actress Shilpa Shetty into his arms and planted several kisses on her during an AIDS awareness event in Delhi
The act prompted an Indian court to wish her a warrant for his arrest
Though gears behavior was tamed by American standards was d-
Tamed by American standards like
Jack Jackson and Justin Tinkerbelld. I mean Americans certainly never go akshmit over a little booby or something like that
And it's come on people as Chris would say come on people
Though gears behavior was tamed by American standards says the CNN website it was deemed have seen in India where such public displays of affection are frowned upon
Well excuse us
You silly engine people you
Reaction to that caress earlier this year was so intense that posters of Shetty and effigies are they pretty woman actor were burned
Five months later the actress was wrongfully detained on obscenity charges the kids involved two actors at a publicity event in Asia
But even in the US people struggle with public displays of affection to siding how much is too much and even married couples can take some heat over the issue
Former vice president Al Gore set off on media ceremony kisses
Why a tipper actor accepting his party nomination for president in 2000 was described as a can't wait to get back to the hotel room type of kiss
By Lance moron time.com. Yeah, it wasn't just a kissy stuck his tongue down her throat and his hand up her back
A little huchi kuchi for Christ sake
Which quite frankly was a positive in this case because it made them seem almost human almost almost being the operative word
Meanwhile so-called cuddle parties
Where adults are invited to Don pajamas and enjoy platonic intimacy have been popping up in cities like New York and San Francisco the past three years cuddle parties
I've heard of a having had a perky when I was a kid. I've heard of a cuddle bone uh-huh. Oh
Organize
Organize his like cuddle party that common forces strict non-sexual co-promising a playful social event designed for adults to explore
Communication boundaries and affection according to their website. Well, what does that mean?
Well, it's just a suit of intellectual way for describing what obviously is going to turn into an origin
It's just a gimmick. Yeah
However pda can be an issue for couples especially when the Tucson has different thresholds for modesty
It says here's the lowdown on how to be affected without offending your maid or the people around you
In moderation and in the right venue they're fine
Assuming that one half the couple isn't leaving for a two-year deep space mission
I'd say that any pda beyond the handholdy arm around the waist clothe mouth kiss type is out of order
Since Charles Purdy aka Mr. Social Grace of Vancouver British Columbia based etiquette commons author of urban etiquette
Marvelous matters for the modern metropolis
Extreme pda hands under clothes deep tongue kissing just makes the couple look incredibly immature possibly drunk
He adds in other words keep it pg rated don't do anything you wouldn't want your mother to see
You may think you're being sneaky, but just because it's dark in the movie theater
It doesn't mean it's a good place to engage in heavy petting sessions
The problem is that most people don't know where the pda is tacky or inappropriate
The problem is that some people just don't care says Purdy when in doubt simply pay attention to the behavior of the people around you
And intimate dinner at a chic restaurant reel in your lust and keep it to longing glances or holding hands
A weekend at the burning man festival our art and self-expression let the love flow freely
Does handholding in public make you cringe as your partner now? That's uh, that's a good pull for our
We can might be work on that way, sir
I agree is your partner constantly pulling away from your kisses?
Yes
Marguerite Solomon a licensed marriage and family therapist and famed for in Cisco outlines a three-step plan for being in a relationship with someone
Who's sensitivity to public displays of affection is not in sync with yours one?
Discuss the issue
Asked them what makes them feel uncomfortable says Solomon salmon whatever name is are they averse to handholding or just is it just kissing
Asked them exactly which actions make them cringe as well as which situations and also which finger
Oh, I'm sorry your partner may not feel comfortable openly kissing in the neighborhood where he or she works for instance
But may not be so opposed elsewhere then explain your own feelings on pda
To try to understand mirror back what they say says salmon go for the empathetic response
I understand why this is a big deal to you and then disclose why it's a big deal for you
There may be larger issues. You may not be aware of for example your partner may not have got a lot of affection in past relationships
Or may feel like physical closeness is equivalent to emotional closeness
Sounds like a bunch of gollety go up to me in three attempt compromise with pda most people think only of extremes
But this shouldn't be the case negotiate with your partner salmon says can you bend a little here?
Can you give me 10 degrees? That's what it looked like shadow was doing there. Whatever name is shetty
She suggests asking can you bend a little here and sometimes the person is still able to do that
They just think they're gonna have to go from being really stoked to making out on city streets
I sure your partner. It's not about going from one extreme to another. It's all about give and take
So I guess it all depends on where you give it and where they're gonna take it or something like that
When you remember spitt writes Dan Rathers magnum opus
Where the calls Neil guess what?
All right, I shouldn't be any actually the stuck of my guns man. I'm so stupid. I'm such a moron
What what like I said, I've said it only a hundred times. Well, you know
Come on Neil. We want to hear your interaction with the colors all three of them
He is said he has such an idiot man. It says he's the George Bush
I said it before the George Bush of radio
Pop had janko look what we got
Pop had Greg read
I'm gonna tell you man when when you long for Greg read that has to tell you a lot, you know, I mean you do know what I mean
I know what you mean
Still I'm not there. No, wow you're getting there
No his face was once a totem a comforting tv screen touchstone his voice and inflection lets super
Support on credence to the myth of merke and permanent safety and dependability night after night for a quarter of a century
It is surpassingly strange. They're forward to when compass Dan Rathers recent and abrupt metamorphosis
The former CBS nightly news anchor previously is studying constancy and predictability has suddenly become a genuine threat to the entire mainstream news industry
Last week rather filed a $70 million lawsuit against CBS its chief executive Leslie Moonvers former network president and the
Hayward CBS's parent company Viacom and Viacom's executive chairman Sunderred Stone
The suit stem is from a sensational September 2004 CBS report detailing documentary evidence the George W. Bush's
poor performance during and constant absence from
Service the Texas Air National Guard during the early 70s during Vietnam
The report was met with an immediate course of squirtful dismissals from Bush administration officials
Bush campaigns post people and right-wing bloggers that eventually cast out upon the authenticity of the documents
Within two weeks CBS repreated humiliation from the story rather staggered on as the CBS nightly news anchor for a few more
Excrushy any months but finally departed March 9 2005
Among the assertions in a suit rather claim CBS failed to provide him sufficient time and support to defend the veracity of his report
That the network essentially folded like sod newsprint and a pressure from right-wing advocates of the Bush administration and that the entire matter
Primarily ravaged this professional reputation
Presumably CBS finds Rathers public allegations this concerning to release some degree their new section is already burdened by create a
Cratering viewership resulting from the Katie Kirk fiasco
So the additional burden of the suit can only be another unwelcome complication and an already messy state of affairs
The danger to the mainstream news industry in general however is none of the allegations themselves when the context surrounding them
Provided by a long time insider who knows where all the bodies are buried
Consider the first paragraph on the fourth page of the complaint according to rather
CBS chose to jettison both himself and the Texas Air National Guard story because
CBS's parent company Viacom and its chief executive officer some to redstone considered to be in its corporate interest to query favor with the Bush administration
Considered CBS's handling of a far more serious Bush administration scandal the torture of her makies by American forces at
Abu Garret prison as described in pages 11 and 12 of the complaint
According to rather despite the stories importance and because of the negative impact the story would have on the Bush administration
With which Viacom and CBS was to create favor CBS management attempted to bury the story
Even after obtaining really a dozen non notorious photographs continues to complete which made it impossible to deny the accuracy of the story
Mr. Haywood and Ms. West continue to delay the story for initial three weeks
CBS imposed the unusual restrictions that the story would be aired only once that it would not be proceeded by any on air promotion
And it would not be referenced on the CBS evening news
What emerges here writer Greg Sargent concludes on the talking points memo blog is a striking portrait of big news or
That fearful of pressure from conservative critics even to query favor with the Bush administration allegedly dragged its feet to an extraordinary degree in order to avoid
Revealing the truth into about a horrifying scandal of international dimensions sobering stuff
So bring indeed and they're analyzed the threat the willful collusion between CBS management and the Bush administration offered by writer famous accusations
Illuminated and in cities grow test in altogether deadly alignement circumstances hiding in plain sight before the American entire American populace
An explanation for why the legitimate fears and anxious uncertainties of the people are never sued they're clarified by mainstream news outlets like CBS
But are instead methodically aggravated and potentially amplified by those outlets begins to take shape in lighter rather's inside view revelations
underscored hearing no uncertain terms are the grim realities of modern American journalism
Realities that have little to do with the original concept of the institution while a number of the founders went out
Especially enamored with the printed slings and arrows of the journalist of their day
They were united in the beliefs that a free and honest press was absolutely necessary to the safety and liberty of the country
The only security of all wrote Thomas Jefferson 1823 is in a free press
American democracy ceases to function when people believe that their votes in a ballot boxes on the basis of opinions and ideologies
That are swaddled in the bigger rags of ubiquitous disinformation and be ordering merely muddled can't but now as
Such as now and this is long been nation's common plight today's free press however
There's a little resemblance to conceive constitutional bull work cherished by the founders
I think I'm gonna do the breakdown. It's a little bit longer. I'm gonna read the whole thing. Oh, you're not gonna do that. Are you? I am
Yeah, I am oh no, well too many bedtime stories. You're you're mailing it in
Thank you up with the part
I am
I
am
Later, you
Ready for the Zorias CD you ever heard Dan rather sorry duets
I'm sorry
So sorry not only does Dan sing a sorry duet with Brenda Lee. He sounds even sorry or with Chicago
Oh
I'm sorry
Sorry duets features this sorry sing along with Ruben's
I'm sorry order now and if you're not completely satisfied Dan rather will personally say
I'm sorry and sorry because what is any of the chapter with the dolphin game this weekend, huh? Right?
I'm sure that Wayne no frowns upon the fact that this show continues to be on here midday and guess what Wayne 15 months plus today
1117 at 560 W.C. I'm getting back to a William Rivers pit who is really very good by the way's great
Picking up an L.A.S. paragraph because otherwise it doesn't make any sense
American democracy ceases to function when people blither their votes into the ballot boxes on the basis of opinions and ideologies that are
Swaddled swaddled in the bigger rags of ubiquitous disinformation and bewildering the
Muggle can't but such is now in his long business nations commonplace today's free press however
Whereas little resemblance to the conceived constitutional bullworth cherished by the founders in its place
We now have a tightly woven confederation of profiteering businesses that own virtually every print and broadcast news outlet a significance in this country
There is but scandal agents of the truth found within these outlets because they're foremost priority when reporting on most issues of
National consequence is to protect the interests of those parent companies their advertisers
If a parent company is heavily involved in the manufacture and sale of weaponry to the pentagon for example
That company's pet news outlet will skew its coverage to cast the most favorable light on a war
And on the politicians and political parties who support it because that is money in the bank for that parent
There's nothing theoretical about this NBC and SMBC and CNBC all champion both the Iraqi war and its architects
Because they're owned by a huge defense contractor general electric which is profited enormously from the war
Media conglomerates like time Warner whose massive holdings include CNN HBO Warner Brothers AOL time magazine people magazine
Duds about the periodicals film production companies book publishers and TV networks are utterly incapable of providing ejective reports to the American people regarding a broad
Constellation of significant and pressing issues
CNN is inescapably connected to all time-waters
Miriams of city areas and affiliates and the political affiliation was guaranteed the biggest profits for these entities
Thus many stories on a variety of serious matters the crippling side effects of well-hike but poorly tested pills for example
Or the abuse of workers in third-world technological sweatshops or thousands of dead fish rotting downstream from a coal plant
Or the deceptions that led to a failed war in thousands of Ed American soldiers almost never tend to see the light of mainstream newsroom
They this is not called censorship or suppression or collusion or treason in the offices where such decisions are made
This is called sound business practice. It's good business
In their desire to create favor with the Bush administration the mainstream news media became willing or compasses to one of the most unspeakable crimes ever committed against American people
The deliberate and strategic use and manipulation of fear by the Bush administration would increase their own power and influence
The ordinary common sense and sound judgment of the American people was systematically attacked and debased
The psyche of the entire population was ceaselessly pummeled by a paranoid model of murky suspicions and nebulous fears in order to create a population of permanently frightened and thus easily led doops
The grizzly reports of inhuman acts of torture by Americans the undermining of the Constitution and our rights the program of domestic surveillance all of this and so much besides
Fell by the wayside because Americans became programmed by the news media to accept the unacceptable
Lest they be granted as traders are killed outright by swarming hordes of al-Qaeda insurgent shoe bombers
There will be many years before the nation recovers from this despicable onslaught of indeed it ever does and the mainstream news industries exactly as guilty
Is the Bush administration for perpetrating this unspeakable harmful offense even amid the demonstrably
Ruinness consequences of their behavior the prime players of the mainstream news industry still languished like cream-blooded cats before the furtis of history and still seek to curry favor from the Bush administration
Nothing to be more dangerous to their conniving complacency than the exposure their voluntary collusion and the propagation of mortal lives and lethal hyperbole
Conversely nothing to be more beneficial to the health and security of American citizens
Then exposing the sham passing itself off as journalism exposing what was sort of liberally done to them and exposing the grim truth
That almost everything they've heard from their government in their news media has been a rank-wanted self-suring pile of lies
Designed to imprison their minds and controller behavior
I was thinking of a rank-wanted self-serving pile of joys
Because he willingly participated in this for many years Dan rather can't be considered some sort of saint or martyr
But it was that very participation which informs his lawsuit and because he's now divulging what he came to know through his complicity
Rather's a true menace as far as the mainstream news industry is concerned
This is his final broadcast of sorts his magnum opus and 32 pages his parting jolt of desperately needed journal journalism one last story
Father report the truth about what journalism has become
crap
proper gander
In proper business what in proper gander in proper gander
Oh another one of these pre-stories. Oh my god. I wonder who sends us all these man. I don't know
Maybe whoever they have they sure have no end to the supply for no there never is is there
spoke and Washington
The spoke can't collect iac's faces a major deadline one day when thirty seven million dollars in the bankruptcy
Send them over victims of pre-sex abuse will be due
Oh, let's have some money come on
The plan right now is for the diocese to wire a five million dollar payment to the bankruptcy trustee on Monday
Local perishes mean we'll have until December 31 to raise their ten million dollars share the settlement
Campaign organizers couldn't give an exact figure in how much local churches have raised so far
But said it was between six and seven million. They'll keep collecting money till the end of the year and then take a bank loan for the deficit
Which could be up to four million the bank loan will be secured by perished property paid off in five years
There's scrambling to raise money to pay off for the child molesting priests
Just that just stop and think of the irony of all that I know it's cheaper if you just go to Thailand
About half the diocese 82 parishes have met their fundraising goals
Some parishes of sold property are taken money from building projects
Organizers of the parish campaign told me this hasn't been easy rights Eric Aloney of
Spokane news outlet KXL. Why?
People have taken on taken money out of saving some of the other they've even made payments out of their social security
Retirement checks people are doing best to come up with money as soon as possible again
So we can avoid paying interest on the loan if we can Bob Bailey of the association of perishes said
Beyond the individual I wonder if he's kin to Jack Bailey
Beyond the individual perishes the insurance companies for the diocese are paying
$20 million while additional six minutes coming from other caffeinated ease like Catholic cemeteries
There's also another 12 million funding coming from the sale of perished property while Bishop William skill-stead said he'll raise six million on his own
Bishop skill-stead has erased all that money so the diocese had to take a three point four million dollar loan
And the vision said he'll continue fundraising to pay off that debt come on give pops some cash so we can pay off for those child molesting priests
For all these isolated incidents which we know are just all made up all these troublemakers. That's what you don't he would say
When speaking about I got a story about him in here somewhere in my pile
He's pissed off and fired up, but is that unusual or what no, I'll find it. I'll get okay boy. I've got a huge pile. Wow
gigantic
Well here it is
It's in my hand and the story
How do you like that could I do that again all the time? No, wow does it?
Oh, it's sure looking for your car keys and you're holding on to them at the time. Yeah, I think I feel like we're in your on the phone on it
Uh-huh. Have you ever done that?
You're looking for yourself phone and the reason you can't write is you're talking to someone. I got an excuse
Schmuck
William Donahue of the Catholic League who's perpetually pissed off. He's cleansing his teeth. Oh, he's so angry
Told Fox News yesterday that his organization plans to call for a boycott a Miller beer over a poster advertising the
Fullston Street fair and annual gay speed fest in San Francisco known as the world's largest leather event
The poster which the Princess scene of a gay leather bar parody in the ventures last supper has previously been featured by Fox as an attack on Christianity
Donahue said his organization will be contacting two two hundred eight religious groups to participate in the boycott
Including Muslims for whom booze is forbidden anyway
Miller beer which is sponsored affair for several years is asked to have its logo removed from the offending poster
But that's not enough to satisfy the very angry Donahue was particularly outraged that the charity supported by the fair included the
Sisters of perpetual indulgence a notoriously anti-catholic group
Miller doesn't know what they're in for Donahue threatened. We're putting up the pictures on our website
Fred or a god
Fred cure of news weekly a New England game lesbian newspaper
Begin trying to say boycotts like this have happened in the past to fail but was immediately interrupted by Donahue
No, I had one with Walmart two years ago buddy Donahue sneered. I won't within 48 hours. No, but on this one too buddy
Walmart did not suffer began cure because they gave in they gave into my demand y'all Donahue wherever you've been living
Donahue was successfully intimidated the John Edwards campaign last winter into firing two liberal bloggers seem to have no doubts of his own
ability to fully to bully both Miller beer and Fred Cure
Were you offended by the sopranos version of last supper cured tried asking?
I mean the last supper has been parody and been an object of satire for decades
Donahue insisted that the sopranos is different than half-naked men and leather standing over a table with sex toys
His rhetoric became increasingly belligerent as it continued to taunt the unfortunate cure telling him you don't even know what you're talking about
It doesn't offend the city of San Francisco secure weekly
I have no doubt about that Donahue replied smuggling to fends me that's all that matters
Yeah, that's what a great line
It offends me that's all that matters
It's a Catholic bashing festival in part Donahue went on and this is the sickest mostly preyed segment of the gay community
Most gay people wouldn't be associated with this crap, but you want to defend it. I don't know where you came from
There's no sex going on in the poster cure
Retorted weekly there are a couple of objects that are shocking Fred you shouldn't go on TV against it Donahue dismissively or a loser
Isn't it a Catholic value to call someone is it a Catholic value to call someone loser at here finally roused to a mild degree of anger
It's called the truth. Yes, said Donahue Catholics believe in the truth the truth. She'll set you free, baby
Well, how do you like that William Donahue? He's always very very hungry. I was about to inquire about that
His name the best challenge
I am the fourth leader
It's why they you
You get down on your knees
Fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect
To whatever steps you want if you have cleared them with the pontiff everybody say is on carry a
Lies on doing a vinegain ride
Get in line in that processional step into that small confessional there the guy who's got
Religion I'll tell you if your sins original if it is try playing it safer drink the wine and chew the wafer
So
I'm so transubstantiate
So get down upon your knees
Fiddle with your rosaries bow your head with great respect and
shake
On your abdomen when in Rome to like a Roman of Amaria
She is good to see you can
I'll be very upset very angry. He's a very angry man
718 post that half hour and everything referred to the pool see how easily you're manipulated I am by a public opinion
You're caving in the end you're caving and you're mailing it in the you're caving and yeah caved this
What's your take on these polls is our poll question they are pull on pools wow
They're fine 394 almost 55 percent they're fine
See why you stir up a bunch of trouble. Oh, there's that the building that supposedly shaped like a swastika that they want
Yeah, but your crap
Who gives this shmit 140 that's what I say about that building too from the sky it looks like a swastika
They're okay the polls but Neil talks about them too much 123 17.1 percent see that went down
Anyone in the why why because I'm not talking about them too much today. Oh, I got the cure
They're ponderous 32 and they suck get rid of them 29
The reason that that's so funny is because there's 29 people who said the polls are for their voting on it
See what I'm saying right, but that's okay. That's why I put it on there to let them vent
Like William Dona you
Well, we finally have a reason to care about the presidential election says the same Pete Times variety reported this week
That a cast is in place for recount a made for HBO movie about the 2000 Florida election
It'll start Kevin Spacy is former Al Gore chief of staff wrong claim
Dennis Luria's a Democratic pollster
Tom Wilkinson as Republican James Baker Bob Ballaban is the lead bush chained the attorney ed Bengley Jr
Is the Democrats leave attorney and
Laura Dern as former secretary of state Catherine Harris
Okay
Jay Austin Powers Roach will direct the drama which led during the heat of the 2008 presidential election
One casting suggestion that says here we think Nicole Richie was born to play the part of a hanging Chad
Yeah, and then it goes on to say what do you think?
Juicy Maddox what do you think they should star and recount who should play jab who should play the confuse senior citizen who thinks
Here she is voting for Papu Cannon. How much would be offered a beige be if they filmed this thing in Tampa Bay?
Well something to them to be said about over there on
The West Coast over Tampa Bay. How's that deli dune over there still in business? Oh
Charlottesville, Virginia what a horrible place that must be and I've never been there, but I just I don't know. It just sounds horrible
A former Charlottesville high school chorus teacher has been sentenced to a year and nine months in prison
For having sexual relationships with male students
47-year-old Jonathan Keith Spivey a 20-year veteran of these city school system and former music minister had signed my
Mount Zion Baptist Church was sentenced yesterday
He clearly guilty in due to four charges of sexual misconduct
Circuit court judge Daniel Bouton. I don't know if he's kin to Jim Bouton or not
Sent in Spivey to 20 years in prison, but suspended all the 21 months
Spivey was accused of propositioning or having sex with four students over seven school years
Authority said the youngest was 15 and many of the trists
So a place inside a school course closet during the school hours with male students
The debate that wasn't I missed it last night. Well, but I want to shame. I missed the Republican debate
You took that accidental or unpurpose. Did you catch anything? I was a roller skater man
Oh, how'd that go? How's your rate? I did not fall. I worked my leg and some people showed up and it was nice
He says our listeners were there and he said oh, Neil, you gotta stop taking those stupid phone calls
Is there were comments they said oh, you know, why does he keep going back to the closet? It's always gonna be the same thing
That's right or words to that effect
And you said because he's a daughtering old fool. That's why and he won't listen to the common sense
No, that's not what I said. Oh, what did you say? I said, but Neil does what Neil does and that's what he's gonna do
And he will not be taking anymore calls period
I've said that a thousand times, but this time I mean it. I met at the other times too, but you know
I always reserve the right to change my mind and life. That's one thing you gotta do, right? But I don't think so
The debate that wasn't says capital Hill blue. I wonder what happened to uh old Dougie Thompson there
He had his last column was it'll be this coming Monday will be two weeks since his last column September 17
He can be deemed a political horror. Hey
And since then he is just
Vanished. Oh my god. I remember I keep worrying about that. Keep wondering is Doug Thompson going to finally get his
Republican presidential candidates discussed the importance of reaching out to people of color
During a minority issue debate last night and criticized the leading 4GOP contenders for skipping it
I think this is a disgrace that they're not here. So Kansas Senator Sam Amanazi brownback
I think it's a disgrace to our country. I think it's bad for our party. I don't think it's good for our future. It's bad
former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee said he was embarrassed for our party and embarrassed for those who didn't come
The four no-shows rooting Giuliani for Ad Thompson John McCain and Mitt Romney
cited scheduling conflicts and saying they couldn't attend the debate at a historically black college Morgan State University
Fortunately, there are those in the Republican Party who do understand the importance of reaching out to people of color said top show host
Tavis Smiley the debate moderator thanking the other six candidates for participating
Besides brownback and Huckabee the other candidates who participated in the debate were representatives Duncan
Hunter California Ron Paul Texas Tom Tancrito Colorado and conservative activist Alan Keys who just won't go away
The forum which had black and Hispanic journalist questioning the candidates with broads cast live on PBS
I missed it. Jesus. I'm sure glad to do that
The candidates answered questions ranging from what they could do to help minorities their views on illegal immigration
The war in Iraq minority unemployment rates and the position on capital punishment
Huckabee said he wanted his legacy and helping minorities to be more equal treatment for them in the criminal justice system
In other words, if they want to go out there and beat the crap out of some white kid
They ought to be able to do it even if he's like almost in a coma
Don't you think right?
Romback said he would continue to push for the national regime of African-American history and culture in Washington
Keys spoke of bringing more religious values into schools as matter of fact
I was reminded of that when you sent me that the Ted Rawl cartoon
Mm-hmm about we have a dream of going out and beating the crap of some white kid, you know
Into what I end away vegetative state
Paul received a lot of flaws when he told the audience minorities are unfairly pummeled
Punished the criminal justice system. He also called for any of the war on drugs. It isn't working Paul said
Tank Reader said two things are mostly heard blacks economically and more than race
The welfare state and the importation of millions upon millions of low income workers that depress the wage rates
Those two things are responsible he'd be saying
Hatter said the key to securing Iraq and bringing home US troops is to get Iraq's army battle hardened and capable to defend you in the country from insurgents
And only Republicans have criticized leading contenders for skipping the forum our house
Former house speaker nudie gingrich and lieutenant governor michael steal the first black official elected statewide in Maryland
I'm puzzled by their decision. I can't speak for them. I think it's a mistake said gingrich
Who's thinking of joining the race for the GOP maybe the human race
Smiley also moderated debate in june among democratic presidential candidates at Howard University of Washington another
Historically black school earlier this month seven of eight democratic candidates participated in the debate here by univision
These Spanish language TV network a universe in sponsor GOP debate was canceled after only McCain agreed to participate
I wonder if he was going to get up there go
Bob Bob Bob Bob the right thing was gonna do that maybe you might have gotten a light a 98 chair
Well, I think he's the only one up there on the stage, you know, that's a kind of debate John McCain could win I guess
735 votes on Chris's pool. We were lucky to thousand today. I'll take the I'll take the heat for that
We don't care anymore
Okay, just don't talk about it and then they'll they'll think oh, I guess it doesn't make any difference
That's right G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than neo-roggers. It's straight from the Vatican
Introducing new Catholic life the religion with one third the guilt of your regular fate
New Catholic life satisfies your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine
Catholic right there's no confessions no sermons and no lingering afterlife
It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances our services are held three times a year
And they're only 15 minutes long plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion
We've dropped that too. Look for our church for bill in your neighborhood
Hey, you might be in the front view for you of little faith try Catholic white because a little faith is all you need
As me me of little faith all the world's gonna get you on the else someday you'll have to face your maker
Well, what did that one guy say?
I have voice me and you know about which one was that?
One day you will you will face it. No, no, but what which was that to discuss?
We're gonna help you use this on the air. I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years. Yeah, well good for you. No, it's not the guy
The all the sports guy
That George this is a Robert. Yeah, I think so. I'm playing in out of town all the time on business whatever
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station
Find the Rogers
Being honest with you pathetic very pathetic very
This guy is I mean if this is all you got in them sports talk radio it is horrible
So I definitely try to find somebody better that's for sure. Yeah, it is whole gd thing and everything else
Just tell him one day we'll all face the Lord. Oh, all right. Have a great day face the wall or face the Lord
That's the choice you got okay face the wall or face the Lord or just tap your toe on the tea room floor
This is all you got on sports talk radio. See that's the problem. This is not sports talk radio
It is 20 hours a day, but we don't exist work. We're like red China. We're like
Soviet Union pink China in your case. Yeah, in my case. Pink. Yeah, pink China. That would be good in the kitchen
And we're gonna go out and buy me a set
Dearest Moore says he feels vindicated after listening to police dispatch recordings that say he proves is
Says prove his story about a car crash to kill two of his closest friends. This was in
Gary Indiana horrible place by the way we've ever driven through there. Oh my god talk about a stench
woo
Each Chicago and Gary Indiana they're kind of like side by each and
Boy they
smell the stench dude
Anyway more 17 was driving in 1994 Chevy Caprice early September 15 when a Korean through a guard rail into a ravine
Killing 18 year olds brand and Smith and Dominic green injuring himself in 17 year old Deandre Anderson
None was wearing a seatbelt more said all were thrown from the car
Many of the events that follow the accident are in dispute police have released the dispatch recordings
But have not released next and a report investigations continued
Moore said he and Anderson bleeding from the injuries pleaded with police who arrived at the cramp scene that their two friends were missing
Police and more than Anderson told officers they may have dropped Smith and Green off before the crash
hours after police left to see in Smith's father Arthur Smith found his son's body tangled and underbrushed and green's body a short distance away
Moore said he doesn't agree with Lake County Indiana Corners office finding that Smith and Green died instantly
I'm angry at the police because I thought they could have found my friends and they probably would be alive today
If police had just done their job he said
I just don't believe that they checked more said my friend Brandon Smith's father went down there and checked and found them in five minutes
So I don't know why police couldn't have done the same
Commander Sam Roberts a Gary police spokesman questioned how more would be aware of the all the efforts police took when he was hospitalized
Anderson was taken away from medical treatment
We have an office is reporting to keep him that the search was done
And the report also includes areas that were covered in the search Robert said one officer indicated he walked the berm line along the site
Moore denied police claims that both surviving teens have been drinking
He said there was no booze in the car however
Police said blood alcohol test and more than Anderson taken into hospital show one of the measured
0.09 which exceeds Indiana's legal limit of his 0.08
The other measured 0.05 percent because the teens are minors
Police wouldn't reveal whether the driver more was one of the legal limit state legal driving ages 21
Police suspect speed was a factor in the crash more said a tire blue outing is accelerating to just 30 or 40 miles an hour
I wasn't even going fast at the time the tire blue out he said the blue out I felt it happened
I don't know exactly what tire was but when the tire blue out the car turned over went over the median more said
I felt glass me going up against the ceiling
I guess the car was flipping over he said the crash knocked him unconscious for a short time
More managed to walk up a ravine to the road to flag down a driver who didn't stop but did call 9-11
Moore said he also knocked on doors and nearby home searching for help and nobody offered to help
These by the way are black kids
Oh, well just so you know that everything in America is always a racial thing
Those reports are not evident on the tape Robert said however we got evidence from officers that said that is indeed what might have occurred
Two police investigations in the crash run going including an internal gerry police department probe and independent investigation by Lake County Sheriff
Arthur Smith said police were using the alcohol allegations to deflect the issue away from the fact that police made a mistake when they failed to find the bodies
I'm through the Arthur Smith told CNN that a son in green might have survived if they've been found in time
We don't know that because they didn't do their job. He said
Must be a racial thing when you think I think everything in America is always a racial thing
755 and Craig Chris's poll
No thousand a day for your fat show, but you know what? It's very appropriate
Come see come saw whatever it what it'll be it'll be you know what I mean by that
What do you mean by that? I don't know mind your own business
Two athletic department academic assistance employees have resigned and
23 FSU athletes were implicated in cheating on tests. You have been over the internet school official said Wednesday
Test given over the internet
Did you really do that? I guess I do know. Oh, how can you do that?
They're like open book tests and things like that. It's kind of bogus, but I guess it's some amounts to his
The athletes represent nine sports and 17 of the students are or have been on scholarship officials
Good that identify the students and couldn't say which sports are involved because of federal confidentiality restrictions
Oh, excuse us
University president T. K. Weatherall reported the findings and letter of the NCAA indicated inquiries are continuing
Although an internal investigation failed to find conclusive evidence of a more widespread pattern of cheating
The students could face punishment from university and NCAA including loss of eligibility
The NCAA could also sanction the university but spokesman Eric Christians instead would be speculative but declined comment
I think the school took appropriate actions said Jim Smith chairman of the University's Board of Trustees
and a former Florida Attorney General. It's unfortunate something like this could happen
Whether or not an investigation by the university's office of audit services in May
After receiving information and athletic department learning specialists had directed one athlete to take an online quiz for another and then provided the answers
Oh
The student who took the test wasn't enrolled in the classroom reported what happened to us at Ludic's academic advisor
Whether he nor the other athlete need their he nor the other athlete who been unaware of someone else took the test former discipline
The investigation then found the learning specialist also tied papers for five students
Well, apparently didn't qualify for that service and I
Toodah provided answers for other for others on ethical assistant to 23 students for online tests
Testing involved the single course, which was identified
Some students from the 2007 semester indicated it was common knowledge among the student athletes that the tutor would help with the exams in the class
Learning specialist and the tutor resigned. I can't imagine why
Oh, boy and it goes on and on
I like like this is some big surprise. Okay, like a student athlete at colleges not just FSU
But all across your country all across America somebody didn't dumber than saw us. Okay
Some of who don't even buy textbooks never attend the class, but I get in the ball
You get in the ball. That's what it's all about because people only care if their team is gonna win
They don't give a crap about integrity honesty and intelligence and doing things right right all to care about who's gonna
Win the game and what's the align what's the line of the game? You got the line
You think they're gonna use their tight ends with receivers are you
Did you hear that Chris? I heard somebody say that word and don't know tight ends, but he was also talking about receiver
sure
Paul Krugman and today is in New York times hired gun finish
He says sometimes it seems the only way to make sense of the Bush administration is to imagine it's a vast
Experiment concocted by mad political scientists who want to see what happens if a nation systematically ignores everything
We've learned over the past few centuries about how to make a modern government work
Thus the administration is abandoned the principal vague professional
Non-political civil service stuffing agencies from FEMA to the distance department with unqualified cronies
Tax farming giving individuals the right to collect taxes and return for a share of the take went out with a French revolution
now the tax farmers are back
And so our mercenaries whom accive early described as useless and dangerous more than four centuries ago
As far as I can tell America's never fought a war in which mercenaries made a large part of the armed force
But in Iraq they are so centrum of the effort that is pw singer of the book bookings its two points out the new report
The private military industry has suffered more losses in Iraq than the rest of the coalition of ally nations combined
And yes, the so-called private security contracts are our contractors our mercenaries
They're heavily armed they carry out military missions, but their private employees
They don't answer the military discipline on the other hand
They don't seem to be accountable to Iraqi or US law easily behave accordingly
We may never know what really happened in a crowded Baghdad square two weeks ago
Employees of Blackwater USA claimed that they were attacked by gunmen
Iraqi police and witnesses to say the contractors began firing randomly at a car that didn't get out of their way
What we do know is that more than 20 civilians were killed including a couple and child in the car
And the Iraqi version of events is entirely consistent with many other documented incidents involving security contractors
For example, Mr. Singer reminds us that in 2005 armed contractors from the Zapata firm were detained by US forces
Who claimed that they saw the private soldiers
Indistremently firing not only at Iraqi civilians, but also at US Marines
The contractors were not charged
In 2006 employees at ages and other security firm posted a trophy video on the internet that showed them shooting civilians
And employees at triple canopy at another contractor were fired after alleging that a supervisor engaged in
Joyride shooting of Iraqi civilians
Yet even among contractors Blackwater has the worst reputation
On Christmas Eve 2006 a drunken Blackwater employee reportedly shot and killed a guard of the Iraqi Vice President
The employee was flown out of the country has not been charged and made 2007 Blackwater employees reportedly shot an employee of Iraq's interior ministry
Leading to an armed standoff between the firm and Iraqi police
Iraqis aren't the only victims of this behavior of nearly 4,000 American service members who died in Iraq
Scores if not hundreds would surely be still alive if it weren't for the hatred such incidents and gender
Which raises the question why are Blackwater and other mercenary outfits still playing such a big role in Iraq
Don't tell me they're irreplaceable your record was not going on for four and a half years longer than American participation in W.W.
Two has been plenty of time for the Bush administration to find a way to do without mercenaries if it wanted to
And the danger out of control military contractors post-American forces has been obvious since at least March
2004 when forearm Blackwater employees blended into fallujah in the middle of a delicate military operation
Getting themselves killed and precipitating a crisis that probably ended any chance of an acceptable outcome in Iraq
If Blackwater is still there in fact last year the state department gave Blackwater the lead role in diplomatic security in Iraq
Mr
Singer argues that reliance on private military contractors has left the administration boy making hard political choices
Such as admitting that it didn't send enough troops in the first place contractors
He writes offered the potential backstop of additional forces, but with no one having to lose any political capital
That's undoubtedly part of the story
But it's also worth noting that the Bush administration tried to privatize every aspect of the West government
Using taxpayers money to give lucrative contracts to its friends people like Eric Prince the owner of Blackwater
Why strong republican connections you might take the national security would take precedence over the fetish for privatization
But remember President Bush tried to keep airport security in private hands even after 9-11
So the privatization of war no matter how badly it works is just part of the pattern
Paul Kurgman be saying never see that video by the way the joy ride that's on YouTube
Or at least it used to be them I know that
Not doing lunch hour, please all right
1157 a QA in direction where you go in life depends on you and how strong as you drive
Well, you've proven over the years through long nights
We can hours next to effort that you're willing to put it all on the line in your drive
That's an AMG because in life one never really leads to another so go ahead come
Mercedes-Benz at Pomato 1-800 new bans and begin the most exceptional adventure buying a car
The AMG is just another luxury automobile it is the luxury automobile the one that makes a statement just by sitting still
And Mercedes-Benz at Pomato that we work for effort is waiting for exceptional indoor showroom
And they offer more in stock choices than any other Mercedes dealer anywhere
Call 118-100 new bans to learn more wicked appointments on a Mercedes-Benz at Pomato professional make your time count
Call 1-800 new bans today. That's 1-800 any WVNZ
1-800 new bans
Direction and drive the direction is up to you in the drive the AMG from Mercedes-Benz of Pomato
The biggest name the best talent
You know his new projects
420-560-QAM
The fourth leader
This is Britney Quitt
Whatever I shape my balls
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour drive
You
Maybe when they see that we're lagging in the cold
They throw that ahead like that we'll be due by the cold
You
You say
They say
Here's the one
We get
Now they
I only want
Big
Taylor
Love
No point in the street
We got a
Now we're up
We got a
We won't attack us no more
We got a
Way
Spruce like Jesus
We say 9-11 is what they about you to believe
Can't get any government
A home party called to believe
You believe
What they say
They say like the cold
I know that one
Who has the human
Nations
The state
So they call
To
I know the election
But we got
A push
It's got to
You got a
It's got on your knees
You got a
Yes, son of mistil dead that's your son all those problems over there didn't it all clear or over everybody
I want the democracy it was worth it
Everything is great it was a worth it
Probably three at five sixty WQ a.m
So Brandon who's evidently boarding the office today fixes me something that we had I think yesterday
But I'll read it again just so he doesn't feel bad
I
Johnny Fleischmann confirmed Rob Hanran will be leaving WFOR next month anybody care about me
When management moved him from anchor of the main news can't you doing the noon and six p.m.
Some speculated heavy leaving the station and he will and Jimmy Sittles auditioned for a news anchor job for WFOR
I said today as we reported the other day but let's say it again
But if he gets the gay he'll have to wait out of six month non-compete from his channel ten WPLG contract
How do you like that?
Johnny Fleischmann she's on top of the cramp baby
You can almost smell it
So Brandon sent me a YouTube thing of Tony Sikreda from about a hundred years ago with long silly here from evidently from the seventies I guess
How old is Tony 88?
God is he look they're about
That's in this magazine and what it's got Joel Feinberg on the cover any interest oh
Same here no interest
Thanks a lot fat ass jolly don't just leave me alone do not send any more magazines
Do not make any more phone calls do not extend yourself in this direction is a good idea just leave me alone I show up here every day do the best
Gosh darn job I can for you under virtually impossible circumstances and that's just the way it is okay so we lost the forty fifty percent of the audience
Well we'll get a few of them back just go away
Just leave things alone for a little while quits during the podcast
Just scene of the way
Putting on idiotic shows like the Kenny and Bold Morning Show
Just leave Joe into what's his name alone
Oh there you go again you call Jason Jackson what's his name you're gonna do the same thing to him you did the moan
Yeah, we yeah, yeah, oh what a bunch of overgrown children
Fox News is currently oh this is more on that story that
Chment Recuse all upset about there William Donnelly
Fox News is currently expressing indignation over a gay black party in San Francisco
That's using a leather bar parody to last supper and it's advertising over the headings war on Christians and anti-corruption
Crusade Fox spoke to radio shock shock mankind moral about the ad what a disgrace mankind told Fox can you imagine let's say your local
Baptist Church is something that peridied the gay community it would be the end of the world
And mankind he's the only right wing shock-jock that I know of
Mm-hmm am I right?
Yeah, he's selective depending on which way the wind and what an impact he's making in this market with his point
Oh, oh
This is a small part of a big eugetech by the left on Christianity which is always dislike the concept of Christianity
Complain Fox host Andrew Napolitano I wonder if he's kind to Georgie and Anthony Napolitano
Junior and senior you know who they are no good
When these things are out there nobody complains about them and said maybe on a talk show like ours why not?
Said Andrew
It's a huge cultural battle going on explain mankind contrasting mad TV joey
Mitchell shine head O'Connor and Kathy Griffin with his own refusal to make fun of any religion except Islam
I don't make fun of religion mankind said I don't think you go there I don't believe the Islam of fascist that's not a religion that's a weird thing going on there
So that's different talk about selective
Well, what is that?
No wonder he's got a point
Oh
After 911 mankind do criticism for his burning mosques a parody of the Elvis song burning love what's wrong with that?
The right wing group concerned women for America which is known for its anti gay activism has called upon California publicism and he announced the ad but mankind thought that was likely enough I could like
Like the happen it's a godless group there they hated he stated if it's not of God it's of something else
What is it about Jesus named 2000 years later that drives people so crazy why Jesus Christ why Jesus Christ yeah?
Manco himself was targeted concerned women from earth a three years ago when they Illinois director filed in decency complaints against him for the FCC
Well, I do like that how the war must turn how the freaking war must turn on the old man cow
71 on that poll which I might I might even be tempted to read it this half hour 17.6% say oh the polls are okay just don't talk about it so much okay right okay
Private military contractor blackwater USA delayed and impeded a congressional probe into the 2000 for killings of four of its employees in Fallujah the House
Oversight Committee said in the report yesterday
Blackwater contractors Jerry Zavko Scott Heldinston might Tegan Westlade but that alone or ambush drag from their vehicles and killed on March 31 2004
They burnt the burn immediately remains of two of the men were hung from a bridge over the Euphrates River and knew it's that fuel American outrage and triggered the first of two attempts to
We take the city from Sunni Arab insurgents the company stole the committee's investigation
The incident by erroneously claiming documents related to the incident were classified try to get the defense department and make previously unclassified documents classified and
Asserting questionable legal privileges according to report from the House oversight government reform committee's democratic staff
According to blackwater reports on the killings the man killed in Fallujah had been sent into the area without proper crew equipment or even maps
One company document filed a complaint like his support for his bagdad Iraq office from executives at the company's headquarters in North Carolina
The committee report says according to these documents blackwater took on the flu
Demission before its contract officially began after being worn by its predecessor that it was too dangerous
It sent its team on the mission without properly armed vehicles and machine guns and it cut the standard mission team by two members
Thus depraving them there of their rear gunners the report says in a written response to the report blackwater called a day one sided version of this tragic incident
What the report fails to acknowledge is that the terrorist determined what happened that faithful day in 2000 before the company said
The terrorists were intent on killing Americans and just desecrating their bodies
Documents that the committee has in its possession point out that the blackwater team was betrayed and directed into a well planned ambush
The report notes that members of the now-to-be-funct Iraqi civil defense corps led the team into the ambush a facilitated blocking position to prevent the team's escape and then disappeared
Blackwater did not discuss details of the report's findings noting the incident is still the subject of a lawsuit by the slain contractious families
The committee's chairman, California Democrat Henry Waxman, the scheduled hearing next Tuesday in blackwater's operations in Iraq and the company chairman Eric Princeton scheduled to testify at that hearing
The committee previously disclosed that the day before a fatal the fatal mission the manager of blackwater's back that office worn his bosses he lacked armored vehicles radio gear and ammunition
During February's hearing and subsequent written response blackwater general counsel Andrew Howell told the committee that documents on the attack have been classified by the US government
But the Pentagon later told the committee documents had not been classified and in addition blackwater made multiple attempts to give the defense department a clear company and coalition provisional authority reports on the incident classified and the Pentagon refused
Covenant Grig.
So approach must involve all the world's largest producers of greenhouse gas emissions.
Yes, it's okay. It's coming from him.
Now let's see here's the fact is that I don't know who fully is.
The Palm Beach troublemaker says but he's got some good polls here send these to Fuddy. Okay. He's going to be a WID starting this coming Monday from 9 a.m. to noon.
He's going to kick our ass sideways to next weekend.
Here's the polls that would be good for Fuddy. It's almost as good as the one about which highway which road is the worst.
I see more hookers on this game of all of our don't worthwhile 79th Street or I favor shade of blue is navy sky or other.
And then he says never mind I think his poll every day should be should I vote in a poll today yes no or not sure.
Oh, funny my bow. Well, you know all the polls all the time what's there to say.
We got 790 on our 790 or I'll say that that's not good. It's a bad omen. I bet you I bet you Joel Fimer who's probably listening right now stick it all see he's saying 790 it's a little.
Or not maybe jolly Joe is saying that since he's such an overgrown child of both of them the two of them maybe we can get a sandbox for the two of them a very expensive one because I'm sure Joe could afford a dollar up real good you know.
With all the daddy's money.
So we got the dolphin game here on a weekend look at that countdown to a kickoff starts at nine o'clock Sunday morning we got dolphins up the old but.
Three hours of that and then we got three hours of the game and then we got three hours of Finn's final at the hooters in Pemberpins we got 600 hours of dolphin extra against it and we're going to jam a lot of spots into that baby.
What's the best time we got 6,000 pies we're going to order in your 560 QAM.
The horse leader Republic baby only in Miami.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
The horse leader.
From 17 to 560 WQ I'm happy Friday to him maybe it's a big football weekend let's talk some football with Georgia.
I know.
We're talking about tight ends and loose ends.
I just caught the tail end of the show on before and that was the line that got me and I can't get out of my head now.
I wonder if they're going to be whoever they were talking about whatever they were talking about.
I wonder if they're going to be using their tight ends as wide receivers or something like that.
As loose receivers.
801 what's your take on these pools?
If I start doing it more than once in any half hour starting Monday October 1 this is what we make the biggest switch to whatever it is.
What some people are putting your fat ass boss don't understand is that doing the show the way I'm doing it and having for quite a long time is a thousand times more difficult than just sitting down and punching up stupid phone calls.
Any jacket a monkey could do that just reach over and punch up a phone line.
Hi Ron it's Shamba.
But Joe Bell he's on the case though he's got his own private investigator and he's going to go find these guys and he's going to give him what for right here.
Let me tell you something incredible support we've had from Joe Bell in the how long has he been here too long?
I know that you're in half.
I don't know.
You're in two thirds of whatever it's about.
That's what's tracking.
That in 40 cents will buy about a tiny stick a hall of iron Brooklyn and you can stick it 801 on the pool not too bad Chris you're doing okay and I can make your thousand that's all right.
We were already accepting of that right we got some Monday.
Now we'd rather have a thousand people listening to a thousand votes and we got some Monday for what.
Oh that's a good way to look at it we got the whole weekend.
What's you're taking these polls they're fine 435 fine 54% who gives this minute 185.
I put that on there but I don't even know what that means who gives this minute.
Oh that's what I voted.
But what does it mean?
I don't care if we do it don't do it talk about it don't talk about it.
Yeah it's just there it's there exactly it's like you're naveled you know it's just there.
They're okay but Neil talks about them too much 140 17.3%.
They're ponderous 34 and they suck you're at them only 31 out of 805 only 3.8%.
Are so nauseated and revolted and disgusted with them and I got news for it compared to footies they're brilliant.
Even our bad polls which we had a couple of last week or two but even those are spectacular.
Come on footy get something get something going over there okay for crying out loud.
You think those bastards could give you like a little bit of support like like we get here you know on our website.
I think Eric is dealing with those statistics I think he's doing that to try to I don't know I hope so.
Because if those are accurate the reads were getting on those stories might as well put Josh court is right out of business.
Forget about it Josh not we don't want to do that because anyone be able to hit me up for any more money.
I got no more money for you Josh I'm broke.
Times are really tight you know between woodbine and buying cars and stuff.
You know when we write stuff no what do you mean?
What about a stuff?
The fugitive bad breath rapist is facing life behind bars after being convicted in his absence of raping a co-worker at knife point.
This is in Virginia. No it's not in Virginia it's in Massachusetts.
See it's from the Aboston hero okay I just just finally find it.
Coffin I was stepping out the hunt for Twenton K. Dickie Lee 38.
Oh Dickie Lee remember Pax's by Dickie Lee?
One of the most depressing songs of all time who's still on the line after painting the show for the final day of his trial last week.
There's a warrant for Twenton K. Lee's arrest anyone whose spots missed the leash should call 9-11 and report his whereabouts and Norfolk District Attorney William R. Keening.
Lee of Quincy Met Quincy.
River that close by and the Coyons stand.
Here's a Cappalloy of Brainshaws baby Dickie Lee and he belted on her what okay so.
Lee of Quincy Met is seen as not Quincy it's Quincy that's how we know it's Massachusetts.
Like Concord New Hampshire Concord Michigan but Concord New Hampshire.
I'm sure you're familiar with all these.
Sure.
Lee of Quincy was convicted yesterday by a Norfolk Superior Concord New Hampshire four counts of aggravated rape, one kind of kidnapping, one kind of assault with intent to rape, one kind of indecent assault and battery, one kind of assault and battery, the jury deliberated for three full days.
He was found not guilty of home invasion, but he armed robbery assault and battery with a dangerous weapon and last name over 250 bucks.
Although Lee has no ties to China, his passport is in the custody of the Quincy District Court and authorities believe he still could be in Massachusetts or elsewhere in New England.
The rape victim in early 20s was at home in February 2005 when she was grabbed by a masked man gagged with duct tape bound and then raped.
She told cops she recognized the attacker as a boss because of his bad breath.
Lee was arrested eight days later and later after DNA evidence was found at the scene.
Cappalloy wants to meet her man, her manhood, and airports around the winglet after Lee fled before closing arguments began in trial on Wednesday and but it would be put in bookthru.
I like that she recognized him by his bad breath.
Sure.
How do you like that?
He must know my close friend Maurice from a woodbind and the Frenchman.
The one who got off the $5 machine just before paid the $366,000 jackpot, the perennial loser.
Maurice, nice guy about my age, worst breath and the history of mankind.
You know, he'll sit down next to me, we'll start talking.
I'll think, hey, it's my buddy Maurice and then after about four seconds, I'll go, oh my god.
Have you ever seen a toothbrush?
Have you ever used dental floss?
Do you know anything about listerine or Mr. Clean or like valheline anything?
Oh my god, just the worst.
I don't know about you but people with really bad strength, right?
It's just yell.
We were at the elevator every day and every once in a while boy you win the lottery in there.
Really?
Somebody in there with dentist breath.
What is it with dentist that they have to, like doctors have to have bad handwriting and dentist have to have bad breath.
They do?
Who noticed that?
No, my dentist has got a wonderful breath.
Oh, you're lucky.
My dentist wears a mask.
Extra lucky then.
Does your dentist wear a mask?
I thought I'd wear a mask.
Anymore, lately, as the breath still flows through.
Wow.
A British woman speaking of flowing through is in custody after an internal search reveal she was attempting to smuggle 260 grams of heroin through Sydney airport.
The Australian Custom Services.
The 45-year-old woman was arrested yesterday after arriving in a flight from Bangkok.
Australian Federal Police said during a search of the woman in her baggage the package of heroin was discovered in her vagina.
The woman was charged with importing a marketable quantity of a controlled drug.
She was refused bail when she appeared in Sydney Central Local Court this morning.
I wonder what they were doing looking in there?
Well, look at you got caught.
Great.
They found what they were looking for in that.
Yeah.
Never heard of it to look around.
No, that would be great.
If I was ever looking in there and I found you know bag of drugs, that would be an extra treat.
Speaking of heroin, I got to blow my nose.
All right.
I'm running a judge.
I can't ever talk about that about snorting heroin.
I never heard of such a thing because I'm not part of that whole drug scene.
Right. Well, I'm glad I could help you out there.
What do you mean by that?
There's another one that told you about it?
Well, you know your drugs, Mr. Here.
Not as well as I should.
Well, I'm thinking about working on it.
Maybe this weekend.
I'm going to be one of two things here.
I'm going to get in a nice new Pontiac sources and just take off and hit for like Australia
or somewhere.
Or maybe I'll start doing drugs.
I don't know.
I know a real good neighborhood not too far from here where I can probably find some.
When you see people...
They send them on down.
...openedly dealing drugs on the street like right in the middle of broad daylight.
They've had a pretty good indication of it's like a not the best neighborhood.
Oh, depending on your perspective.
Or maybe like I said, maybe it's the best neighborhood.
That's right.
The biggest name.
The best addict.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
You're the best.
The team is not having all those forms and papers that workers with health benefits have to worry about.
You never know what you're going to find at Walmart.
They just come in for the fun of it.
The immigrants are the best at Walmart.
They clean our toilets practically for free.
At Walmart, I don't need no stinkin' green card.
We don't need no budgets.
I don't have to shot you on a stinkin' vices.
It's like my morning routine.
You're being selfy and wake up at Walmart.
Oh yeah, speaking of you, you never know what you're going to find at Walmart.
A local teenager in her family.
And a father's lawsuit against Walmart after the girl allegedly contracted E. Coli
for meeting a hamburger patty sold by one of the retail giant stores.
You go, honey.
Samantha Cephanic, a teen-suffered kidney failure, was hospitalized for three weeks in August
and nearly died according to the suit filed by Scott Slesner, the family's attorney.
The family blames E. Coli bacteria in the meat.
E. Coli is one of many bacteria found in the intestinal tract semamilis that can cause disorder,
such as meningitis and urinary tract infections.
Samantha's mother, Anna Cephanic, bought beef patties produced by Topse Meat in Mid-August
at Pembroke Pines, Walmart, Samantha cooked an ate-a-pattie two days later.
She soon became ill with symptoms that included fatigue, cramping, and dehydration.
The U.S. Department of Agriculture tested the rest of the patties and found they were contaminated
with the strain of E. Coli.
Topse meats, a New Jersey-based business announced on Tuesday, would recall more than
331,000 pounds of frozen beef patties distributed around the country, Walmart also said
it would remove Topse products from its stories.
We're not sure why it took both Topse and Walmart so long to be spotted as dangerous
Slesner said in news release.
They were both notified last month once Samantha's lab tests were completed
and once the E. Coli diagnosis was made.
Samantha's mother and father also were named as Planets the Suit, says damage is exceed 15,000
but doesn't specify how much the family seeks.
15 million sounds good to me, right?
Right.
Bastards at Walmart.
Destroy America. Wait till you're this.
A more illiterate president.
Offering a grammar lesson guaranteed to make any English teacher cringe, president Bush told a group
of New York school kids on Wednesday, children's do learn.
Yeah.
Children's do learn.
Bush made his latest grammatical slip up at a made for TV event where he urged Congress
to reauthorize the No Child Left Behind Act, the centerpiece of his education policy,
as he touted a new national report card to improve test scores.
The event to New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Education Secretary Margaret Spellings plus teachers
and about 24th and 5th graders from PS76.
During its first presidential campaign, Bush who promised to be the education president
once asked, is our children learning?
On Wednesday, Bush seemed to answer his own question with the same kind of grammatical twist
as yesterday's positive report card shows children's do learn when standards are high and results are measured, he said.
The White House opted to clean up Bush's diction and the official transcript.
Bush is no stranger to verbal gaff, he often acknowledges he was no more than an average student in school
and jokes about his habit of angling being English language.
Just a day earlier, the White House inadvertently showed how it tries to prevent Bush from making
even more slips of the tongue than he already does.
As Bush addressed the UN General Assembly on Tuesday,
a marked up grant of his speech briefly popped up on the UN website
complete with a phonetic pronunciation guide to get him past troublesome names of countries and world leaders.
Did you see that? It was on the line.
That's awesome.
Yeah.
Children's do learn.
Except for him.
But some of you people out there who still support this,
but you're this murder or this lunatic, this madman, you don't learn.
You'll never learn.
It's that 25 or 28 percent.
It used to be 30 something.
Fuck nerd, man.
And luckily, I guess it's dwindling on about like 28 percent.
Kind of like our audience, you know, same, same thing.
Different reasons, though.
I don't know if Jolly Joe is involved.
Don't let me take any more phone calls, buddy.
Okay.
Thank you, Gravel.
I wish I knew how to pronounce his name.
C-E-N-K-U-Y-G-U-R.
Sure.
Take your guess.
Shanker?
Okay.
My Brian, can I read this?
Are you going to keep, like that?
Yeah.
He says, why Brian Williams is irrelevant?
I watch Brian Williams on the NBC News nightly because I don't like Charlie Gibson.
And because I certainly wouldn't watch Katie's Scourge.
Oh, God.
Anyway, Sank, Tank, whatever's name is, Tink.
I've had interviewed Brian Williams.
He's a lovely guy.
A personable, funnier than expected in the smart.
He's also irrelevant.
There's nothing wrong with Brian Williams.
He's a smooth professional news anchor.
He's not offensive, biased or fake.
He plays it straight, and that's his problem.
It's not him.
It's not us.
We're not interested in someone regurgitating news to us and taking a half hour to do it.
We don't need a professional news anchor to tell us what the news is.
This isn't 1955.
I've got all the news in mind the world and my fingertips.
What do I need this guy to tell me what he thinks is important?
Who cares what Brian Williams thinks is important?
In the old days you needed these authority figures to sort out the news for you.
It's had to be what was important and we doubt the riff rap.
But these aren't the old days.
I have a mind of my own.
I don't need to borrow a news anchor.
And if I were to borrow one, that's not the first place I would look.
In the new media, whatever the hell that means, basically what I'm saying is in this day and age,
news is broken down into three subsets.
One, the collectors.
Associated press, New York Times, Washington Post, blogs, the break stories, etc.
These are the original sources.
They're vital.
Without these sources, there's nothing for anybody else to report.
Two of the aggregators websites like Google News, dig.com, reddit.com,
hopping and post Yahoo, AOL news, and even your local paper,
they aggregate the national international stories that, and they do no original reporting on them,
this is where we get a majority of our information.
It's quick, easy, oftentimes it's personalized.
If you like news from a right wing perspective, go to Drudge.
If you like news from a moderate or left wing perspective, you go to Hopping and Post.
If you want it down the middle, go to Yahoo.
You want gossip, go to Perez Hilton.
You want news from a progressive perspective, go to Crooks and Liars and think progress.
Everyone has their niche, everyone has an audience, they serve well.
Three, the interpreters.
Commentators that analyze the news from your perspective, Fox News Channel, Keith Oberman,
Arrow America, Rush Limbaugh.
Some blogs also fall into this category and unsurprisingly blogs are often hybrids
that cross many different boundaries.
These are people that help bring news to you in a way you agree with.
They inform you, but they also excite, engage, and impassionate.
Enrage, and engage.
Their purpose is analysis entertainment.
Some people call this category infotainment.
I prefer my former co-host Ben Ankewin's name for it.
Intermission.
So where do traditional news anchors fit in here?
No where.
How often do TV reporters break stories these days, almost never.
Most of them are actors reading the news pretending to be real reporters.
I'm using how other TV reporters fain outrage at Katie Clerk becoming the CBS Prime Time news anchor.
Why do you fancy yourself a journalist?
Really one-salyze time you broke a story.
Most of the people on local news are former models and pretty boys with three brain cells between them.
Are we supposed to be impressed?
Look on TV.
Doesn't it look like they're making the decisions based on looks or intelligence?
Isn't it just a coincidence that all the pretty people longed up are the jobs on TV?
I understand their exceptions.
I actually think Brian Williams is my example because I think he is one of the exceptions.
He's an awfully bright guy who gets the news, but so what?
Even he doesn't even he doesn't bring anything to the table.
There's no value added.
Let me recount a recent conversation with my dad my way of example.
He recently turned 70 and used to watch the evening news every single night.
My mom would have to drag him away from it to get him to sit down for dinner.
Me, dad, you still watch the evening news?
Dad, no never.
Me, what were you getting at your news?
Dad, I already get it online.
Me, don't you want to see how the anchors are reporting it?
Dad, are you kidding?
I already got the news.
Why would I waste my time watching them retell the same stories for half an hour?
Me, so is there anyone who's opinion to trust to bring you the news?
Dad, yes, Keith Oberman.
My dad was a conservatory publicant who got his news deal fashioned way until about five years ago.
First he lost faith with the people who were supposed to bring him the news.
One day when we were both still Republicans he turned to me and said,
I think this bill will run you guys full of crap.
I was really surprised by that, but my dad said he'd been watching for a while
notice the guy kept lying and exaggerating making a general ass out of himself.
Then he soured on Fox News Channel altogether.
He was still on board for the other news channels,
but things didn't appear to be what they were before, then I introduced him to the internet.
He said to me recently, but I don't understand everything is right here
while anyone can go anywhere else for news.
That's in the nutshell.
And the different websites you've visited have already aggregated the news for you.
But you need the networks to be aggregated for you, though, and it's a waste of time.
They do too little, they take way too long to do it.
Half an hour is an eternity, and all you get is the stories they've selected.
Their infinite wisdom is the important ones, useless.
And if you're looking for someone to analyze the news,
you're certainly not going to turn to the evening news.
They're too scared to their own shadow to their interpretive thing.
God forbid someone should call them liberal or these days conservative,
forgiving even the most obvious analysis.
Now that my dad is crossed over to the progressive side,
or was pushed there by George W. Bush, you couldn't get my dad to say an unkind word about George Herbert Walker Bush,
yes, there are still those kinds of conservative, moderate, and new progressives.
He gets his data analysis from the dynamic trio, Keith Olberman, John Stuart, and Stephen Colbert.
After the Daily Show gets done skewering the politicians,
and you're reading them turn over to these stagiae art,
are you reading them turn over to the stagiae old news shows for their dry and simpid and out-of-touch analysis?
What's the point?
I already have the news. I've already heard someone take it apart.
Why would I want a boring lifeless version of it reiterated to me?
That's why Charlie Gibson is the leading anchor on TV,
and Katie Couric is in last place,
look at the demographics.
Of course, the much, much older audience for broadcast news
is going to prefer someone like themselves, sorry, Charlie,
and not some whipper-stapper like Couric,
telling them about light and happy and fluffy news.
The older guys will do this better in this antiquated format
all the way till they run out of audience.
No young anchor is going to magically bring in a younger audience
when the audience finds the program itself irrelevant.
How do you like that?
Let's go to the blind witness.
So am I going to stop watching the news?
No.
Am I going to stop reading the internet?
No.
I can't afford to do that.
Although fewer and fewer people are reading the bedtime stories on our website,
and that would be,
that thrust all of our eyes including George and George Cortes.
Yeah.
Aren't you pissed off and fired up about that?
No.
To be your biggest problem.
I know what you're talking about.
It's over.
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
George,
So guest appearance by Richard Simmons coming this fall on ABC from 45 at 560 W.A.
And happy Friday to you. Wow Monday's October one. Can you believe it? Yeah. Me too.
So anyway, here's for these poor result. I don't want to overdo with ours, but I think
somebody needs to read his and of course, once you get on here on Monday,
nine to noon on W.I. would do by the way. Once he gets on with his own regular
show every day, he'll probably be reading a full result once in a while,
but not too often if he's smart.
He was smart. He wouldn't be doing that. Sure.
Traffic wise, what's worse, the Palmetto or 595?
The Palmetto 87.5%, 595, 12.5%. But it doesn't show how many people are voting on
here. That's very disappointing to me, footy.
You know, I wonder if Larry Craig listens to footy.
What do you think? You think you want to play footsy with footy? I doubt it.
Especially his old footy looks.
My God. He almost never smart. That was a good move standing next to Tony
cigarette when he had that picture made in that magazine there. Plus all the
slifes down. If you want to look young, stand next to Tony cigarette.
Yeah, talk about a wrinkle that puts.
So that's the pull there from footy. And I guess the Palmetto is taking the
of course, so who now wants to be on the Palmetto or some George?
Yeah, right. Where does it go besides let me be my my me.
Kindle and South and all point South. I know that don't you don't you remember I
lived in Kenya years ago. In fact, Brandon was just he found a whole bunch of old
pictures online in his board today. So we keep sending him to me.
It was the Rascal House from a hundred years ago. And it was a grand union.
Remember grand union in supermarket? Sure.
And he said, when's the last time you saw one of those and I said on the corner
of sunset and a hundred seventh right by my when I lived in town,
Gait and Kendall. I lived on a hundred and seven.
All the way down the street. I started up on almost a kindle drive and I
kept moving horizons and finally I bought a place in Tangui right on the corner
there by the gas station.
Yes, it.
107. Now that's the last grand union. I remember they had just remodeled the
thing too. It was a beautiful supermarket.
Won't see them no more. Now what was the one that was extra where you had a bag
your own right?
Like in Europe, in Europe, you have to pay for the bag. If you want to and you have
to back the bag your own. America's got to pay for the bag too.
We're not talking about your domestic situation again. Okay.
We got 835 at our pool. I wonder how many footies got it and that thing's been
on there for days. What's better paper or plastic, dead or alive? Huh?
You like it sunny or cloudy? And you think we got anybody who dares to knock
our pools, man, you should rot in hell. That's that's my comment.
Rotten hell. You want to say that emotion for Chris?
Well, since we're not concentrating on the pool, he's like laid out now.
What are you going to do? I'll be okay. I mean, I think you're earning your
pay now. No. Now they have nothing to do yet.
Because we're not taking the calls. You don't have to screen a call.
I bet you like you were in a panic for a while there.
Well, Georgia's under in the summertime. Now, now let me ask you this.
When did you start screening calls, George?
From the start.
Well, you never did the screenless thing?
Trying to think. No. Maybe a little bit, but not routinely.
No. So no under Chris hates you like for it. I know. I know it is.
A lot of you know. And then when I came back on, I said we were going to start
to screen him because somebody who really knows radio very well told me that
was I was going to solve the problem. I bet you were like a cold sweat.
And then I really.
Oh, you want to and I'll take him on call.
Don't call me. I'll talk to Chris.
What? He'll just take the calls over there and I'll take the calls off for you.
Yeah, sure. And then the callers won't feel like they're left out.
Sure. And then maybe maybe somebody will pass along some meaningful information to you.
Like, oh Tony cigarette. Oh, 76. We just found out or something like that.
You know.
Wouldn't that be good? Oh, yeah, sure. Of course.
He's not going to answer the phone. Trust me.
Well, there's only one line blinking right now.
Well, yeah, because they don't know that you're going to talk to them.
Why would there be any lines blinking? Don't don't don't think I'm going to turn that
monitor on and look at it because I'm a good don't.
MSNBC's David Schuster marveled on Tuesday that anti-war libertarian representative Ron Paul has
managed to develop a huge fan base online, especially among college students.
It is bid for the GOP presidential nomination.
There are almost 30,000 Ron Paul videos on you.
You about 30 men and Paul is more than 64,000 friends on my space.
Well, we've got 1443. How do you like that? He's got 64,000.
We're not I guess we're not doing as well as Ron Paul.
Gee.
Oh, many articles about Paul and Ross story receive unusually high numbers of hits.
It's stray recommending sites like dig and Reddit as well.
For example, Ron Paul Republicans need Reagan's courage.
MSNBC's Tucker Carlson advice Ron Paul to give freedom to tutorial and Ron Paul teams up with
Democratic candidate to win the war. Those I can't explain to Paul told Schuster on be
willing but surprised and pleased as anybody else.
But all I can say is maybe the message of liberty is very popular with young people.
Huh. He's pretty a student.
Paul said that if he had the kind of money that the firm runners enjoy, he used it to promote
his message of a non interventionist foreign policy and personal liberty.
We don't need the pay-free act. We don't need warless searches and we don't need secret prisons.
Paul stated Paul said he'd support the Republican nominee in 2008 only if I can find one that will
take the same position I have on the war that we ought to end it and come home.
When asked what he would do with his growing support if he is not the nominee, if he is not the nominee,
he answered, I guess the question is what are they going to do with me?
They've sort of joined me spontaneously and I'm delighted, but I would work hard to keep them together.
They're continuing the process, Paul.
Continuing that we caution that he had no interest in the third party candidacy.
He emphasized that this group of people now can be very influential.
I don't think this is going to be just put away.
I don't think we can close these ideas off just like Howard Dean who he was the internet.
This extremitous event in 2004.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
And what happened?
He didn't get in with the right group.
He went on TV and the people of the ABC made a monkey out of him with a one screen.
And that was the end of Howard Dean.
Oh, he's a screamer.
He's too emotional.
He's a nut job.
You don't want his finger on a button.
We're certainly anywhere near your back.
Them and so they did him in so so easy to do just to destroy them.
A federal judge in Detroit yesterday struck down his unconstitutional misogynized law that allows police to force pedestrians out of the age of 21 to take a breathalyzer test with that first obtaining a search warrant.
In a 32 page opinion, the US District Judge David Lawson struck down the state's MIP law minors in position because it authorizes police officers to perform a search of minors without a warrant or legal excuse for not obtaining one in violation of their fourth amendment rights.
The decision does not apply to drivers of motor vehicle and laws police officers to minister breath test without warrants and emergencies.
Michigan is among a handful of states nationwide with an MIP law that makes it illegal for young adults and minors who are pedestrians to refuse a breathalyzer.
Even though police don't have a search warrant, those who refuse to take test and misogynized the civil infraction must pay $100 fine.
In addition, police in some places including Michigan State University tell students that if they refuse to submit to a breathalyzer upon demand, they could spend up to a dozen hours in jail.
As a dammit, they didn't do that back in the day when I was there, of course that's 100 years ago.
I mean, what is that all about? They just walk up to you in a European pedestrian?
I guess they don't want you to drunk and walk in on them.
Walking drunk? WDI?
Yeah. No, you could stagger. You could bump into something and hurt your head.
The American Civil Liberties Union and Michigan filed a lawsuit involved on behalf of four people in two separate incidents.
Two Sagadale County women, Katie Platten, and Ashley Burton, represented by the ACLU, claimed Thomas Township Police in Sagadale County forced them to submit to breath test even though they had been drinking.
Two Mount Pleasant men, Collins Stewart and Sam Mann, claimed they were forced to submit to testing by the party patrol, which is comprised of officers from the party patrol officers from the Mount Pleasant Police Department, Michigan State Police, Central Michigan University Police, and the Isabella County Sheriff's Department.
This is a tremendous victory for the civil liberties of young adults, Carrie Moss, executive director of the ACL of Michigan State of the Bird Statement.
Three years, police officers throughout Michigan have violated the rights of countless college students and others under the ages 21 by forcing them to submit to breathlesses without a court order.
You're just walking around crossing the street, hey, you're walking under the influence, baby, WDI UI.
Moss had all the tenants accept the state of Michigan and Michigan State Police in Thomas Township, settled the cases before yesterday's ruling.
The ACLU released said that the plan was 19 years old when she went to a small party in Thomas Township in July 2004 and honored a high school classmate who had listed the Marines was leaving for a rack.
Although the plan insisted she had been drinking any alcoholic beverages, the Township Police told her that, and others at the party, that if they refused to take a breath test, they would go to jail.
You're supposed to be innocent until proven guilty, but in this case, young people were assumed guilty until they were innocent by having to take a breathless test.
The plan said and prepared a release from the Michigan ACLU. He noted that he wasn't drinking or causing a problem.
Bird was 18 years old when she attended a party at a friend's house to celebrate a graduation from Swan Valley High School.
After she left the party, the Michigan ACLU said Thomas Township Police officers arrived and found her purse which had been mistaken left behind.
Police went to Bird's house at 4 in the morning, woke up her family and demanded she take a breath test.
Although police had no warrant, the ACLU claimed Bird was informed she'd be violating law if she refused the test.
She registered a .00A blood alcohol level, the state MIP law considers the pedestrian under 201 to be intoxicated with a blood alcohol level of .02 or more.
I don't understand this.
Isn't it preferable to be walking while you're drunk? Maybe you're going to walk on a couple of blocks as opposed to be driving?
What are we supposed to do? Just lay down on the ground. I don't get it. There you go.
Just lay out?
The Michigan ACLU claimed that in its suit that Stuart and Manus were at a shaperone graduation party in May 2003 when the party patrol arrived,
the Central Michigan students were then placed in a circle with others who had been detained, as whether or not they'd consumed any booze.
Mr. Stuart told police to flee hadn't been drinking the ACLU said was still required to submit to a breath test.
Judge Lawson's decision yesterday strikes down Michigan's MIP law in a similar case in 2003 that Jets struck down a base city ordinance based on the state law.
The ACLU said that for Lawson's 2003 decision legal director Michael Steinberg sent letters or emails to 425 city village and university attorneys advising them to instruct their police to stop forcing minors to take unconstitutional breath tests.
I never heard a such thing. Did you? Did you ever hear a . . .
No walking breath test?
No, never. I've heard of a walking cancer. I think we've got some in there.
What's your biggest name?
The best out of two is no logics.
Fortress of 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
One to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to the dumb people go with the gas that we sold him.
The first time a crescer nation and the only one that's growing now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing or get about Korea.
The nooks there toe to namba right wing is drilling it over and over into our head.
That Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
The
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be gotten going after said down to playing Kato summer.
There's no longer mention of the name in law then but no it seems concerned all of me in complacence believe in every word of the
state.
This car tell administration that control this by fear through the day I'm manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over into our heads.
That Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide table parkers all are saying I know
being in cattle don't have any reservation.
That would have broke that land world annihilation.
All regimes must fall in halverging its no with no objection at all.
Democrat don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade watch pants.
Iraq has some weapons of master's destruction only I've racked has some weapons of master's destruction.
I'm dying on the head.
That is the best.
The best and how come he never sent that back to the services the company service.
I don't know he might have.
He might have and they didn't they didn't put it out who knows.
Everybody in everybody in the world needs to hear that but nevertheless why should we why should we worry about things like that four and a
half years later with all these dead people all these trillions of dollars being fleshed on the toilet when they're important things like.
And how there anyone out there make fun of.
Like that right.
Get your priorities in order folks okay.
How dare you make fun of Brittany Bob Higgins has got to speak of that really good calm here on Smirking Gym chicken hawks chicken schmitz cowardly candidates in a Craven Congress
ain't that America.
He says the progress being made in our four and a half year war of terror on Iraq is phenomenal so impressive our recent gains that the top tier Democratic candidates who line up and competition to become the
ears of this great struggle for freedom for Middle Eastern democracy for oil and gas rights for Western corporations and of course for lucrative contracts and arms sales and private security for campaign contributors last night when way out on a limb and declared their goal of removing our troops from the
quagmire in Mississippi by the end of the first German office in 2013 meaning Wednesday night despite their boldness they didn't before whether or not they could guarantee the
colonization of Mars a cure for cancer or flying pigs within that time frame.
The Congress of the USA allegedly to body established by the American Constitution over two centuries ago has declared itself to be toothless, spineless and ultimately meaningless.
Wednesday they condemned a reputable political organization for running a completely truthful newspaper ad and voted to clear the military of a sovereign nation a terrorist organization in order to present their fewer with a gift wrapped excuse for his next adventure.
They were asked by Bush's defense secretary for additional $190 billion to continue their criminal enterprises in Iraq and Afghanistan and despite the fact that the size of a majority of the people of our country won't end this war the cowardly swine will approve it and they did.
That will bring the total publicly reported expenditures to $800 billion most of this has been spent squandered swindled by a moose all the way since our chief arrogant little ass wife stood on the deck of an aircraft carrier and declared the mission had been accomplished.
Hell they sacked one of our principal generals at the outset of this insanity for deterring the war would cost as much as 25 billion when rum strulding Chinese very a very a staff were burning that could be done for seven billion which we finance through the sale of get this Iraqi oil.
Congress will of course make another face saving gesture and ask for full progress reports which will be dutifully drawn up by the neocon advertising marketing propaganda staff in the White House and fed to an ass kissing little chicken general for a presentation to our parliament of Gov.
We will continue on the same path following some vague vanishing point into the future where only things that are certain are the deaths of thousands more of our troops and ten to thousands more innocent Iraqi civilians.
Since our current crop of wars in empire progressing so swimmingly as planted highest levels they're not preparing to employless in another war with Iran and this time they plan to pull out all the stops and use the nukes that they've been slathering over all these long years.
Last week on television I witnessed a room full mostly a young college student sit specifically and watch passively as a half dozen hired goons brutalize another student with tasers for speaking for speaking.
I felt that I was seeing a vision of America's future no matter what this criminal government and the corporate masters do no matter what the excess no matter what the crime no matter what horrors they commit in our name on the people of this country they're sitting as acquiescally as that room full of meek children sitting and cowering in the face of authority.
I think in the first decade of the 21st century it's beginning to look a lot like Germany in the third decade of the last century and I'm beginning to be relieved that this is my last decade says Bob Higgins in other words.
I'm dying over here.
How do you like that?
Do you like it?
I mean I mean oh Christ.
By the way Boka Prime says he resubmitted that several times and they wouldn't know takers and he also sent me the link to that YouTube of the black water joy ride with their shooting civilians.
So you have that I forwarded it along to you.
Let's put it on our website.
I?
For any doubting promises that might be out there okay?
We're doubting anybody's.
Days before hard financial numbers with liberal hard facts and comments of movement are suggesting the John McCain.
Now he's on his way back to being a presidential contender. He's a crazy person.
The Arizona Senator is no higher than third in national and early state polls of Republican presidential field and as low as fifth in some of them.
And the fiscal and personnel personnel turmoil that overtook his campaign in July led to cutbacks that have eroded his visibility, viability and supporting key states.
People like him if he could resurrect himself they'd cutbacks at it and saw a suppelist and independent pollstered Michigan but I don't see that happening.
Yet resurrection is exactly what McCain and his aides are planning.
Yesterday he gave a speech on terrorism policy announced his first TV ads and celebrated a six point game and then gained a poll in no ham sure.
He also made a more explicit pitch for his claim on the nomination in the presidency.
The next president will need tested experience political courage and strategic clarity to make sound the difficult and difficult decisions he told about 100 people and a breakfast for the Hudson Institute a conservative thing.
Top talk or managerial successes in the private sector aren't enough. He added an an illusion to rivals Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney.
McCain is trying to gin up as much momentum as possible in advance of a third quarter fundraising deadline on Sunday the better to brush off whatever the numbers show.
We're doing well enough McCain said yesterday I've never wanted campaign on money.
He said to rebuild his campaigns since July when top aides left him it news that all $25 million he'd raised was gone.
It's gone. Bye bye. Fneeto like him.
The revised campaign is tightly focused on contest in five early states Iowa, New Hampshire, South Carolina, Michigan and Florida.
The campaign strength is a campaign or his personal stories of former prison award Vietnam.
Long time national leader on more informed policy issues is and his fit with the historical moment.
If Islamic terrorism is the issue the answer is so clearly John McCain says is media advisor Mark McKinney.
And in the background he was going bomb bomb bomb bomb or who is it doing everything he will. He's a real clown real comedian.
McCain said yesterday he would enlarge the army marine from a plane 752 900,000 developed a deployable police force.
Revived public diplomacy and had a career military field and strategic interrogation so psychology and not torture could be used to get information.
The Pew Research Center recently asked people which candidates they associated with various traits. McCain did not prevail on any including being honest and down the worth.
That says a lot about how his images change center director Andrew Khoz said another change independence.
Key to McCain strength in New Hampshire and Michigan in 2000 are turning away from Republicans and from him.
USA Today Gala poll show that in September of 99 independence divided evenly between leading Republican and leading Democrat this month in the same poll Democrats have a two to one edge.
In New Hampshire 62% of voters who didn't register with either party participated in the GOP primary in 2000.
A new University of New Hampshire poll shows only about a third plan to do so in 2008 of those McCain is third choice 17% behind Romney and Julianne.
In Michigan's 2000 primary for the GOP McCain got 71% of the votes of independence in 2008 only 4% of independence planned to vote Republican pick McCain 44% choose native son Romney.
How do you like that?
All right son of former Michigan governor George Romney or real dollar if there ever was one.
John McCain.
Anytime you hear that name just make that sound.
This early on was a tough time.
She was just getting Roger.
I'm sorry I'm just fine.
I'm the only one.
The fourth player.
I bet you best do.
There he was just a walkin' on the sea sand.
Do I get it, get it, dumb, get it, do?
He's a man from the land of Gallaudin sand.
Do I get it, get it, dumb, get it, do?
He's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he's good, he
my dog, my dog, walk down to my dog, then he curtile per source, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa some say he's the son of God
Yes they do, but there's other people think it's a lot, now he's the reason that we have an Easter day soon
I'm in the war of 40 crowns, you I did it, did it, done, did it, do, I did it, did it, done, did it, done, did it, done, he's a Jew, you I did it, did it, done, he's a Jew, you I did it, done, he's a Jew, you I did it, did it, done, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew,
He's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he's a Jew, he
don't stir the pot Don't make waves Who gives a shmit, 178, that's what George voted and that's exactly what I respect you to vote you're being honest, we always knew you'd been here this little red light on this thing by the way just stays on, most of the time I see here shit are off and it comes back on and I look behind there and there's like two or three things plugged into that maybe on Monday morning start pulling random wires and see what happens Oh yeah there are three things plugged into the
back of that thing and I know one must be with the delay now the intercom thing I don't know if that really works or not is that just I think that's that amplifier on your end okay it's probably tied on right down pochky with it
me all right let's throw a ball and if we got that we got that on the oh let's see where it's on the other side
no that's not it's the wrong disc all right the right one it's stupid to pass up
show about it can you hear me it's all about me all it's all I said lower the that was special I'll find it deal Joe Bell here
hello do you read can you hear me Neil hello oh Neil it's a Joe Bell I hope I'm not interrupting your show
of course not oh yeah eight hundred eighty five vote what's your take on a poll they're fine four eighty one who
gives a Schmidt 179 they're okay but Neil talks about them too much hundred and fifty one that's down to
seventeen percent and that's because I I shut my yeah if I stop reading this like every five minutes
yeah I did I was overdoing it and of course that was you know what that was what was that was
again the obsession with trying to get a zit in votes on there is if that proves something you
know and of course it does not it's just stupid you know Chris Chris say no we're going to get our
thousand votes today we got to go for twelve hundred fourteen you know yeah but on me it's okay it's your
fall okay even George agrees yes it is the polls they suck your rhythm thirty nine and their
pondress thirty five well see since I just mentioned that in the last time that so few people voted
they suck their pondress a few people gratuitously have had to come in or vote for that get rid of them
no we won as long as footies doing paper plastic work and we can do better than that even if we
just start repeating it I can go through the history of we've been doing the polls for seven years
so when people say oh enough of the polls already we've been doing it for seven years and
during most of that seven years we were doing just fine in fact especially before Johnny Joe came
along we were doing great we were kicking big nasty smelly ass and then Joe Bell came along and
well Mark more for rights more for it in the San Francisco Chronicle the Republican who likes
gays behold an extraordinary event the most astonishing speech you'll hear all year
it was one of those surreal suspended moments and I'm expected a little hiccup in the
otherwise bleak socio-political continuum where you actually couldn't help but pause and gas
and sit back and let your bitter sinuses in your hard one in you we fall away and actually
allow yourself for now just as once really and truly to believe what you were saying
that video is up by the way on the website okay the video is up there then I'm
blowing away the black water thing there uh-huh i'm your Rogers dot com the jaw ride could
it really be happening was there any way in hell a straight wide male bush co-era Republican
would dare step up to rely microphone in front of a TV camera in a major american city and honestly
admit that well he was wrong and he's very sorry and is now officially reversed his position
and now fully supports gay marriage will actually sign a city council resolution acknowledging
and advocating the same and furthermore can this politician during said citizens the
citizens of the fine announcement actually choke back tears real human tears not to be creepy
con you see from Ted Hagrid or Larry Craig or Lynn Cheney after former Arteenies and our steering
at her husband such a genuine display of emotion that you can't help but think it might actually
be coupled away living breathing human soul yes it happened just recently down in San Diego
Jerry Sanders is the political and he's apparently very much a moderate Republican mayor and former
police chief and he apparently has a gay daughter no one really knew was gay and members of his
mayoral staff were also gay and somehow some way both these facts played into his decision
reverses position on gay marriage and go public and what has to be one of the most honest
humble and heartfelt public displays of ideological evolution by Republican since well i can't
think of any can you but truly it's one thing to read the Sanders announcement it's quite an
under the scene here for yourself do it go to you cheer see it for yourself and there's a link here
here's why you must the speech contains the rarest of displays for an American politician the
thing we've all been convinced through years and decades simply no longer exists anywhere in
the political biosphere but especially among the famously heartless members of the famously
homophobic GOP that is astonishing honesty humility open his heartfelt emotion in
matters of love and human connection sans rhetoric or spin or a political balschman this speech
is simply put a deeply touching thing to watch clearly Sanders isn't playing to the audience he's
not stumping for votes or saying what he thinks people want to hear responding to sinking poll
numbers or trying to modify a whiny special interest group his decision was not a flip flop
that is it wasn't made to appease or attract a particular voting block or tow the party line
nor was it poor forth because Sanders secretly works for mid-Rondy and therefore has no freaking
idea what tally actually believes about anything at all unless the church and the polling data whisper
into his creepy robotic ear in fact it's hugely likely that Sanders is right this minute facing a
huge outpouring of a poll protest from large hunks I was Republican constituency possibly most
vehemently from the forms of the event evangelical Christian mega churches stationed all over
that region of California like a perky STD of moral righteousness places like harvest and calvary
and saddleback where it's a safe bet that all the congregants of the nerds to write angry confused
letters and hang Sanders and effigy and organize secret gate cuddle parties at the pre-gis house
in protest just to guess but there is another fascinating element to this story there's one more
thing to ponder is it not curious that on the rare instances such a personal breakthrough occurs
in public political figure it's most often in favor of a progressive idea humanistic switch away
from cultural conservatism that is to say is it not interesting that you almost never hear a
democrat or a liberal step up to the microphone and choke back tears and say my people I've been
all wrong about say the death penalty or gun controller women's rights and after searching my
heart and following my intuition and seeking inspiration from my loving family I've now reversed
my position I wish to wholly support killing prisoners what's more I now support torture will
hold for unprovoked bombing of a man I just signed a decree that everybody must get a large
handgun and by the way turns out sex really is deeply scary and we can't let women have such
control over their bodies and therefore I no longer support condoms or argue 486 or low rise
genes in public thank you truly Sanders seems to follow a wondrous though not often notice law
humanistic expression echoes something like this when you find your heart when you look to your
own family in your own life and your own soul for the answers and you go beyond limitations of your
political handbook and disregard the bitter decrease force fed you by some dogmatic religion or
belief system while chances are just incredibly good you'll emerge a tiny bit more progressive or
liberal open-minded than before is that not fascinating sadly there's almost no point in trying
to draw out this atypical event to imagine say someone like w or james dobson or dick the darkness
chaining pulling a similarly radical about facing announcing in public they've had a personal
revelation and they actually now understand something nuanced and messy and gorgeous about the
concept of human love given how paramongers at that level have by and large had their souls
surgically removed by the devil's own chainsaw no matter regardless of his other stances on the
issue I've been on almost nothing else about the mannerist political slanderer to i cure all that
much Sanders evolution is something to behold indeed the Bush Republicans and evangelicals
alike his humble wonderful speech contains the most abhorrent trait unimaginable at admission of
wrongness but it's more than that the speech actually expresses one of the most precious and
endangered ideas in all of american society that human beings their views near beliefs and their
notions of love and sex and what it means to be alive on this weird blue dot these things can
actually evolve beliefs can shift the heart can open and no matter where you live and who you are
and what you do for living it's never too late to let love in
the biggest name the best talent here is no
rejects 4.25.60 QAM
thanks for its leader it's a twa friday you bastard
we're getting run now back for the
version
the
Blackwater, corporate pollution, a thirsty bastard's in a tailored fruit,
S'brother, she's like water of the login,
Mercenary killer smugly smile and juke.
Blackwater, high decided,
Profiting a death-thirty human beings into boon.
What kind of criminal traps,
With your very own corporate media,
Till everybody ever thinks I'll rat.
Don't make it good, Bonnie.
Don't mind if it's bloody or wrong.
Come on, get some villian,
Glorna hands, plentiful,
So taste it, businessmen,
You're out of date, those funky,
Businessmen, they could run,
I'll make in people dead.
They had a license,
Poles don't make me laugh,
They're above the law of fairyland.
If you need an open contract to land,
And treat it, changing,
Is your man a bunch of corporate,
What the fennel ball?
Reports is shot fired at a high school,
Or a health California,
See that on CNN?
Shot fired, I see.
And anyway,
We had a problem here,
Houston, we have a problem.
Because I just went out to our NeoRodgers.com homepage.
And the YouTube,
Excuse me, the YouTube video that shooting,
Doesn't come up because it says this video,
When you click the link,
And it goes to YouTube,
It says this video or group may contain content
That is inappropriate for some users,
As flagged by YouTube's user community.
To view this video or group,
Please verify your 18-year-older by logging in or signing up.
So what do we do about that?
You log in or you sign up, it's free.
Well, how do you like that?
Guess he told you.
I'll whistle the tune.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
I'm on in a job.
Houston, you done.
I'm on in a job.
And he's kind of like Mel,
Gipsy with the big scripted beard.
And he wears a brown jacket that looks like he bought it at Banana Red Public.
That was his job.
Yeah.
So, Son, what do you tell me?
Log in.
Sign up, it's free.
So, we should be telling people that they're going to have to sign up for you.
Chew!
I know it's free.
We're just going to have to go through that exercise.
Most people know that or they've already encountered that.
It's because they don't want kids in there,
Not that that makes any difference.
Like a kid can't sign up and you know,
Have an email address, but still.
They like to act like it's a security thing.
Well, excuse me.
Okay, so just before warned that you'll have to eat the sign up or you don't have somebody else do it for you.
Wait till you hear this.
And I guess this leaves us out.
Thee voice men have more kids.
Do you know what that?
To what now?
Thee voice men have more kids.
Okay.
Men with thee voices tend to have more children than those who speak at a higher-pitch scientist.
Wow.
Wow.
That was incredible.
Never in a million years.
Well, that was like a spontaneous fas of wasn't it?
Their finding is based on a group of hunter-gatherers in Tanzania known as the Hanzah,
Who can be studied without bias because they use no birth control.
Nails who had lower notes as they talked had about two more children on average than squeaking speakers.
It fits with observations that women find masculine voices more attractive to the team reports and biology letters.
I thought maybe this is because guys with thee voices had big balls.
Is that the general stereotype?
Is that what they say?
I really have never paid any attention to that, by the way.
I'll have to start making a survey.
There are a lot of reasons why lower-pitch and reproductive success could be linked to Koran Apicella
from the Department of Anthropology in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences at Harvard.
Deep tones have suggested increase testosterone levels,
which could lead females to perceive such men as better hunters and therefore better provider,
she told the BBC.
Or it could be that men with thee voices simply start reproducing earlier.
We really don't know what is...
Be a witness.
Oh my god.
Who's got a deeper voice than Luke was?
Hey Johnny Cash.
I've been very white.
You can see it in.
This is serum.
James Rolke.
I'm not going to keep you up.
Apicella's group study, they haze them because they provide a window in our past.
They live their lives as much as our ancestors did.
And their behaviors could illustrate two facets of evolution
and otherwise be swamped by modern culture.
Hives and females gather buries and dig for tubers.
And you, or you, or...
While the male...
When you see you're supposed to chop that off before I step on it.
I was right.
While the males hunt animals and collect honey.
Marriages are not arranged so that men and women choose their own spouses.
The haze they are monogamous,
but extra marital affairs are common and the divorce rate is high.
For the study, voice recordings were collected from 49 men and 52 women
between the ages of 18 and 55.
The experiment was really simple, said news, apicella.
I went to nine different camps.
I'd get them just to come to my land rover and record them saying the word
hujambu, which means hello into a microphone.
Alright?
hujambu.
Back at hujambu.
hujambu.
I then analyzed the voice in pitch and compared it with the person's reproductive history.
How many children they had and how many were still surviving?
hujambu.
The results indicated the deeper the man's voice,
the more likely he was to have a father and more children she said she had that voice pitch was not linked to child mortality.
We found that for women the voice pitch was not connected to reproduction.
I see.
Of course if you see a woman with a really deep voice, she's probably not going to be reproducing anyway.
It doesn't work that way.
That's what Connum Plesa told me.
Because of the similarity with which there are 100 gatherer lifestyle barriers to men of our ancestors,
the reproductive success of the haze could be indicative of the way human beings evolved.
If females had grown to deeper voices, this would rise select in the population toward that trait.
In other words, lower pitched male speakers have become dominant over time.
It is possible that local dimorphism has evolved over thousands of years,
probably due to mate selection explained in his apachella,
perhaps at one time in to him his voices were closer and pitched than they are today.
Her group has plans to extend its study.
It is analyzing data gathered from an experiment designed to test whether lower voice pitch in haze demand is really any kind of indicator of performance.
I set up the hospital Olympics, she said,
the tribesmen participated in lots of activities like archery competition, racing, hunting, etc.
I'm going to look now at these to see if there's a link between honey success, reproductive performance, and voice pitch.
Research was undertaken by David Feinberg of the Master University in Frank Marlowe at FSU.
FSU where they suspended those so-called student athletes.
So what's that word again?
Mudambo.
Mudambo.
Mudambo.
I like it.
He reproduced.
Yeah, he's reproducing like a Jewish rabbit.
Yeah, like a bunny rabbit.
Was he got two kids?
I guess.
That's the standard amount.
Well, I think he may have a squeaky voice, but there are other rumors about Kelly that may explain that.
Her biggest name is the Blackstab.
The new Rogers.
435-60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
And they don't come any better than Neil Roger.
Well, what is this spot?
I've seen this spot a million times over here, friends.
Have you ever seen that spot where the young couple is out there in the shade's lounges and their bathing suits?
No.
Wow.
Look at that another.
Yeah.
Oh, did you see it?
Yeah, yeah.
Holy moly.
You can have her outtake him.
Okay, deal.
It is.
Deal, and that was an easy sale, man.
Wow.
Almost makes me feel like I remember what sex was all about, almost.
Anyway, we got, let's take one last look here at Chris's pool.
And you know something I was right, if I would have gotten this day or the early, early, or late night like I usually do, or even like who knows when.
At a reasonable time, we had topped a thousand easy without pushing it without, you know, we don't need to push it.
So hard.
We don't need to sit here in big.
Although that thing yesterday, for anybody who tune in late, we finally sold those hundred certificates for land lovers for just 19 hours and 18 minutes.
I'm surprised.
Must have come in and say, what's wrong with me, Alayla? What's wrong with you guys?
Of course not.
What do you mean, like that?
He loves you.
He loves me?
Dearly.
I like him.
I don't love him.
I like him.
Good guy.
He loves me.
Oh no.
Love you.
What's your take on these pools?
Is our pool question today?
A pool on pools.
And you know something?
It'll be a pool on light pools, and it'll still be more interesting than traffic wise.
What street is worse?
The A7 Ann Street Causeway, or Yenem'sville?
Oh, footy.
I'm promoting the hell out of that show of his man.
I can't wait for that to start.
What's your take on these pools?
They're fine.
497.53.7%.
Who gives this Schmidt?
193.
That's Georgia's choice.
Who gives this Schmidt?
Who cares?
They're okay, but Neil talks about them too much.
158.17%.
Even Stephen.
They suck it with them.
40.
And they're Pondress 37 out of 925.
And that's fine.
You know, considering what now they're like about 10 o'clock last night?
What's not to life?
And you know what I'm going to do is over the weekend, and I better I should probably tell
Erithus.
You should tell him.
I'm sure he's listening now, right?
Right.
This weekend I'm going to fix him a different pool and change it over the weekend.
Well, do our presidential thing, you know?
The election.
Okay.
Well, I mean, it's only the end of September, but Monday is October 1, which means the
elections only a little over a year away.
You might as well milk it for all we can, right?
Right.
The white supremacist who posted the home addresses of five members of the so-called Gina
6 on a website, he says he also plans to reveal the personal information and revenue
in Jesse Jackson.
He's already posted what he claims are addresses for Reverend Al Sharpen, and Martin Luther
came third on his block, which also clears the Gina addresses.
I know where Sharpen lives, Bill Whitehead of the American National Socialist Workers
Party said in the phone interview late Sunday night, Jesse Jackson, too.
On his blog, which is part of Google's blogger network, White published four separate
addresses for Sharpen, including a list of that for porting to be the home of the Reverend's
mother, Yamama, and Atlanta address and phone number were listed for Mr. King.
King Sharpen and Jackson have all been vocal supporters of those six black teenagers, Sharpen's
sister, with beating a white teenager at a high school in Gina, Louisiana.
See, it's okay to beat the crap out of a white kid.
That's okay.
Putting up a noose and I didn't get hung in those nooses, by the way.
Nothing, I know.
No.
I don't think any of those kids were hung.
Prior to the incident, a school had been the side of haunting racial tensions, including
hanging of nooses from a tree on campus.
That's the noose.
That addresses, that addresses for my residence in offices are now public listed on the
webpage of the neo-Nazi group that continues to listed addresses of the Gina six of their
families, is outrageous, said Reverend Sharpen, an email statement to Ross Story this week.
Sharpen added that the new development shows they're now tagging leaders that have come
to the aid of the Gina six.
This illustrates why FBI efforts aren't taken seriously.
You continue referring to a recent announcement from the FBI that was launching a probe into
White's website.
We're in Washington, DC, today asking for intervention by a federal government because this is
a dead amount to mocking them.
It also jeopardizes me and those who travel with me, he said.
The FBI's Washington Press Office, which had no comment about White's latest actions,
referred Ross Story's inquiry to the Bureau's New Orleans office, and a call there wasn't
returned, of course.
They're busy in New Orleans, they're trying to, like, you know, look at QA and put all the
pieces of the egg back together again.
Humpty Dumpty.
Following up on a story from the Associated Press, which reported an unable to contact the
experienced leader for comment regarding his publication of the Gina Teens Address,
Ross Story reached White by telephone at his Roe and O'Colem late Sunday night.
During the call, White stopped short of directly calling for violence against the three civil
rights activists, saying only that it was important that those angered by the leader's
support for the Gina students nowhere to find them.
Hmm, nice.
I'm just going to put the information up there so people can tell them how they feel,
he said, adding that he had just spoken with members of his Illinois unit about going
outside of Jesse Jackson's house.
White was far less cautious in discussing his posting last week of addressing phone
information for the five teenagers charged with beating 17-year-old fellow student Justin
Barker.
If there were quitted, he said, the black teens, they should be murdered, hang them in
the public square, he said.
If the legal system should fail to continue, then clearly there'd be no log against murder
and should be legal to go and lynch them.
Oh, brother.
Hmm.
As in sendy areas, white tactics and comments may be, the Southern property law centers
Mark Protox says it's unlikely authorities have much of a case.
White understands the first amendment pretty well.
He's a pig, but I think it's pretty clear that what he's done is legal, Protox said,
although he's quick to point out he's not a lawyer.
Protox is civil rights expert who edits centers intelligence report which tracks hate groups
across the country, saying he doubts white's most recent posting or his comments to raw
story, need the standard required for charging and white with a federal crime.
Typically the courts have found that there needs to be a direct incitement to act.
One piece of it isn't excited atmosphere, continue to explain that white would likely
have to be on the scene in Gina promoting a specific violent act or to be in violation.
Basically, there has to be a real immediacy to criminal incitements, Protox said adding
that his own personal information has been posted by white multiple times.
I can say, all police officers ought to be killed and that's absolutely protected.
There's nothing you can do, it's unfortunately said.
White first showed up on the radar of the Southern property law center in 2003 when the
26-year-old was profiled in a compendium of running extremists called 40 to watch.
These people need more than an investigation they need protection, Reverend Jesse Jackson
told the AP about the Gina 60-year families on Sunday saying he'd be in touch with
the US General Attorney, E. N. Michael McCasey.
The AP also reported that the end of one of Gina's students charged by an innocent
received calls at the number posted on white site, including one incident where a caller
used the inwardly her young son.
Public attacks and private citizens are out of ignorance and hatred is appalling and
anyone who stoops to such unspeakable persecution will be investigated and subject to the full
penalty law Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said in a statement.
Heck of a job, Kathleen, by the way, heck of a job, Brownie, heck of a job, Kathleen,
and certainly heck of a job, Ray Nogginhead.
Did he do a heck of a job?
He did such a bad job that they elected him again.
You're such a moron and you did such a bad job.
We're going to stick you back in here again.
Ray Nogginhead.
Well, you know too much reading, too much pop, pop, pop, pop out and like by the end of
the show it's a good thing I got my 85 gallons of died soda here.
Caffee and free.
So what do you think?
Now, do you miss the calls today, gentlemen?
No.
Oh yeah.
Let's go through real quick.
Oh no.
I run.
It's not.
Yeah, that's it.
I think we're done.
We knew probably I didn't hit where.
That's on the Yovan.
I am the Yovan guy.
And also what did I ever do to you guy?
Cut it.
So, you know, I guess maybe we're done.
How long did that take?
What, twenty seconds?
What?
How long did that take the call review there?
Oh yeah, about fifteen seconds.
Three of you, I may leave the call.
Oh, Neil, I don't agree.
I think it's so much better when I hear you interact with the callers, both of them.
Oh boy.
Now that's what we got.
Like I said, pop out, Jenko.
Look what we got.
One more look at that pool for Chris for all time's sake.
All right, the last time.
I beg your pardon?
All right.
Was that like an ultimator or something or what?
No.
Well, no, I think it's significant because it's a pool on the pools.
Maybe we ought to take a pool on what do you think of footies pools?
And most people would say who the hell is footy?
Because I don't think most of our audience are like Y100 listeners.
Right.
And of course when we had Kenny Walker on that grotesque, awful, unspeakable morning show,
the Kenny and Boe morning show.
Anybody that might have heard him on Y100, first of all, that's not our audience on this station.
But if you see how some of those pumps would have been listening, they would never know he was here anyway.
In fact, I would bet you dollars to donuts that the overwhelming majority of the people who did listen to Kenny Walker
when he was on foot of your Y100, they never knew he was even on this station.
And of course in retrospect it's probably just as well.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
I don't want to...
Well, don't be so name-y, pamby.
Eh?
Well, of course you never heard that show.
Nope.
That's one good thing about George.
He's not going to be knocking any of those shows.
Oh no, that's not true either.
He just knocked them all.
And at the concept of it, yeah, they're all doomed to fail before they even get on the end.
Did you say doomed to fail?
You're going to be getting a call from Kim Boe, Boe, Campy, tomorrow, and maybe from O.J. McDuffey and his 42 friends too.
You better watch it, Mr.
We're doomed.
Never will be young to fail.
It's a real real real, right?
And by the way, he, at last time, I checked he's still dead.
Hey, Robby!
She had you in the photo.
I checked my body.
I checked my eye with him.
And then, sports leader.
You got it!
Young Britney Spears in a wake-up girl.
She's apparently, does it with girls?
The rumor is that she's from far down the alley.
Oh, she tries to come play the upshakes.
Doing all sorts of naughty tricks.
Because she's a fun time for lessons.
She has lived with the chance to change the song.
Because she's a recreational lesson.
Taking up girls and boys, but baby, we're eyes.
But when she wakes up, who's next to her?
Who is it, girl?
What, guys?
She's okay, Ben.
Call him a punk.
Ben's that'll work with Shannon Fuck.
Her former employee is her fun time for lessons.
Oh, my God.
When she gets to the gusty, Ben, she's on the prowl.
But gone in-gen.
Because Britney is a fun time for lessons.
All right.
When she gets to the college, she turns to days.
And sometimes she goes to liberty if that's good for kids.
I guess she just came up to making days.
It's not fun time.
Maybe it's just a phase.
Her head is like a linky sips.
She don't know what signals to give.
Essentially confused.
All the time, let me-
Uh-huh.
She's out all night just chasing tail.
It could be a male or female.
It works for Britney's best.
The fourth time, let me-
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names, the best talent.
I'll come around.
And you're home for Miami Dovens with you.
Oh, my God.
Sports radio, 560 WQAM.
Oh, my God.
For the latter days.
