No portion of this program will be produced.
Let me ask you Zach, what are people to say they're doing?
We are doing the broadcast group incorporating.
Besides, there's no middle term.
There's no middle term besides that.
There's no middle term.
A couple of shops say middle term.
There's no middle term.
A couple of shops say one.
Five, sixty.
That way, you way out.
Real.
A day.
For a lot of day.
I do.
There's no middle term.
Or for Boca.
Ladies, this Halloween be the trashiest trick or treater around.
Thanks to Hello Ho costumes.
Boo, baby.
Hello Ho costumes has all your naughty favorites like naughty nurse,
Officer Nadi and naughty pirate.
Plus, Hello Ho has new naughty numbers like naughty lunch lady,
naughty illegal immigrant and naughty proctologist.
You might feel a slice discomfort.
There's also naughty mother Teresa,
naughty Walmart greeter and naughty amoeba.
I'm a single salad.
Scary sexiness.
It's all at Hello Ho costumes serving spooky sluts for over 17 years.
10, 1, and 5, 60 WDQ.
I'm happy Halloween and happy Wednesday, October 31.
Okay, now let's just get right into it because I didn't obviously hear any of this.
Well, I just on the drive in this morning,
right when I got in here.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, what's the matter?
You're not going to tell me what Chris already told me about
across the streets in the years that we want to tell you about stuff like that.
I don't care.
You see, unfortunately there are other people I guess who haven't been doing this long
enough, they don't understand that getting sucked into that business,
when other people talk about you all the time,
what they're trying to do is attract your attention and have you give them
publicity and they're trying to siphon off of your listening audience.
Ain't going to happen, said bye-bye.
Hi Taylor, back to New York baby, maybe I'm a still put you on the December.
I'm not playing that game.
I don't give a crap what he says, what anybody.
And I also don't give a crap about that station.
How do you like that?
Zach.
Me either.
I couldn't care less about that place.
That's not our competition I'm to show, which of course we have many people
including our management, too stupid, but to understand that.
I don't care.
Good news is my blood sugar is 100 points less than it was yesterday.
See, even less stressful, less stressful than 24 hours.
No, it's not less stressful than just that I made up my mind.
It's called survival.
If you have a desire to stay alive and you die,
better you say, oh, no more, no more crap.
So for the next several days, anyway, I get to get off all that crap.
I just can't do it.
I like it, but I can't eat it.
Guess who died?
Somebody need to want to view will love while you probably know the name.
Who Robert Kule is dead.
Oh yeah, I know.
Oh my god.
Robert Kule with the mustache and the big deep voice.
Well, guess what?
He must have been a heavy smoker.
Robert Kule, the handsome big voice,
Beratone was Broadway debut in Camelot,
launched an ordering stage in Recording Career Dining was 73.
The singer died this morning in LA hospital while waiting a lung transplant
said, Glei spoke to the Norm Johnson.
Maybe he was waiting a Johnson transplant.
He'd been waiting a lung transplant at Cedar Sinai Medical Center in LA
after being found last month.
Have a rare form of pulmonary fibrosis.
Glei remained in good spirits even as he waited for the transplant
said.
If you're a Glei, his wife at 25 years.
Just watched my vocal chords.
She said he told doctors before they inserted a breathing
The Massachusetts, well, they're right next to each other.
And the Massachusetts born Glei, who spent much of his youth in Canada,
gained started in 1960 with Camelot.
Glei played it's her Lancelot.
The American French Knight who falls in love with Gleinevere.
He became a hit with American TV viewers with appearances on the Ed Sullivan show
and other programs.
Sullivan labeled him the American Beratone from Canada,
where he'd already been a popular star in the 50s, hosting his own show,
called General Electric Showtime.
Robert Glei is dead.
Oh my god.
Wow, it's going around, man.
I better watch it.
Don't get hit by the death bug.
So I thought when Joe made that crack there,
that there was something said on their show.
No, no.
No, that's sad.
So in other words, I should feel free to knock them all I want
and they're not going to respond.
Because I'm not, I don't really care what they do or not.
They can say whatever they want.
I just, I remember you were asking me yesterday,
an embarrassing question about which morning show did I think was worse?
Yes.
Don't ask the question today.
See, the problem, Chris gets stuck in traffic.
And when they were judged there,
Chris doesn't show up till like nine o'clock every morning now.
Yeah, I'm trying, I'm leaving early today.
So I was sitting here from like about 820 or 825 until 9.
I don't have to listen.
I could turn the monitor down,
but then I would never know when Chris shows up when the audio
crafts out and when when you shut it off.
So I'm sitting here and I've got that on the background.
And all I'm hearing is,
bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap.
Spots and spots and more spots.
And the heat, the heat and a lot of that,
but mostly spots.
The association.
It makes me think back to the days of WFTL,
the original WFTL, the light bulb.
And Mr. Ego, he was the one that started all of that.
And I guess he's probably still doing that in order
to make a living to stay alive and support his 85 kids.
But that was some of the worst excuse for radio in history
because everybody was on their normal cant and Alice Rantel
and Craig Worling and Mr. Ego, of course,
doing 6,000 live spots.
And then they would record live spots and every commercial break
would have a bunch of other live spots
recorded by the other people on the air.
In addition to the live spots being done by whoever was on live
at the moment, if you catch my drift, I'm sure you do.
And you can't complain about our new morning show
with Big Dog and Jacks because there isn't any.
We just have spots and a little bit of screaming every now and
then a little bit of NBA noise.
BAM!
Like that, whatever they were playing this morning there.
I don't know what it was.
See, I don't care about the NBA.
So obviously I'm not the least that interested
in whatever that was all about.
I don't care about the heat, about the bulls,
about the lakers, about Kobe, about Shaq, about any of that.
What about Kyle Chvippel?
But, huh?
What about Kyle Chvippel?
Big Kirk Herbs?
We don't know.
Minimal.
Very minimal.
Why do I care about Kyle's football?
I went to Michigan State, which is like a girl's team.
We don't care.
Although then they win last week and they beat Iowa,
they were way ahead.
I know that.
I believe they did.
You believe they did is then answer the question.
You're supposed to be from the sports part of this radio station
and I believe they did is an answer to the question.
Yep.
Did they win a game or what?
I mean, I double-checked it.
You are so fat.
Anyway, let's get to the poll stuff here.
Okay, I don't want to talk to you last night though.
By the way.
Good. Good for you.
I'm telling you, man, believe me when I tell you,
if I ever tell you any advice,
I don't tell other people I live their lives,
but I try to be helpful though.
Don't get diabetic.
Don't do it.
Why are you young enough to lose the way?
Don't become diabetic.
It's horrible.
It's nasty.
And then of course, if you get a little kid out of control,
then it really becomes nasty when you start with the amputations
and the kidney failures and the blindness
and all of these...
All of these things.
...because of these things that God hasn't served for us,
you know, because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He's a loving God.
They lost it over time.
What?
They lost it over time.
They lost it over time.
Is it an old date?
Like, I can't say it.
34.20.
So what do I care about college football then?
I don't.
It's not like one of those football factories,
like Alabama or, you know, you know the ones.
A football factory.
USC.
Those.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
What's the best perk you can look forward to
on turning a 65 on Monday?
Monday, November 5th.
I'll be 65.
I'll be older than sawdust, baby.
An old fart.
I mean, an old...
Don't say fart.
Monthly Social Security checks 269.
I could start collecting them right away.
Pronto, but I'm not going to do it.
Because if you wait till you're like 70,
then you get more.
That's the way to go.
But of course, don't wait if you die when you're like 68 or 9.
You know, oh gee, he could have had his Social Security.
If he's ever on a sinking ship,
children, women and old people get the first life books,
I said chip again.
And that's because I am on a sinking chip.
206.
Half price off the early bird special.
164, but I'd have to come back to South Florida for that.
I don't think that's going to happen.
Not old enough yet.
Can I tell you the age, the perfect age for living in South Florida?
That.
Death, that's it.
Good guess.
If he's ever assaulted, there's an added criminal charge
for being up an old fart, 155.
The senior citizen discount, 120.
That's what I want, sonny.
I want my senior citizen discount.
I'm an old fart.
And therefore, I deserve something special.
A bigger federal tax deduction, 114.
Medicare, 91.
Free bus and metro rail rides, 41.
Oh yeah, I'm going to start taking the bus.
AARP Membership, 28.
1188 vote.
That's not too bad.
We did okay yesterday.
We got over 1,000 during the show.
In fact, didn't we get over 1,100 during the show?
Yes, we did.
Yes, we did.
I told you we could do it.
And you guys are both saying, oh no, you're crazy.
Yeah, well, you know, I do know.
I'm a grizzled old fart.
I just, oh, and then I want Zach to tell us the story
about why he's here today.
I want him to tell everybody about the honest story
about having a good clearance.
Because I sit down this morning, Chris finally shows his fat ass off.
And he says, did clearance call you yesterday?
I said no.
Zach.
Yeah, oh no.
Clarence told me that we had stuff,
there's stuff to cover today.
You know, the heat or the dolphin stuff that-
Yeah, cover his ass in other words, right?
The dolphins don't play this weekend.
So, if I-
No, but maybe there's media availability today for the dolphins.
Yeah, well, what we do.
Let him go out there and cover it.
At least he'd be doing something.
I think that's what he's doing today.
He's covering it.
Good.
Get him out of the building.
And don't let him back in.
And I was taking off it so I could work out the mirror.
Roger show.
No, that's not the real story.
The story was that he said he was going to call me
and tell me that you couldn't work this show today
because he had to assign you to go out and cover the dolphin crack.
Isn't that the real story?
I believe he was going to call you after the show.
Well, guess what?
Nobody called me and then he called you back half hour later
and said, oh, can the so-and-so,
or whatever's name is Greg,
you're covering the dolphin thing by himself.
And you said, sure, he said, okay,
we'll go ahead and do whatever.
Isn't that correct?
Yeah.
You are such a whist, man.
I'm embarrassed.
Oh, I see Sean, Paul Sean, not to be confused
with Sean Felix the cat guy.
Sean and Hollywood, there's got a couple of polls here.
The worst thing that ever happened to you
or the best thing that ever happened to you.
Wow.
What we do there?
Nice job, Sean, good.
Today's poll, we got 764 votes.
So we'll do a thousand easy today.
No sweat, no pressure.
How much of the Elijah show do you listen to?
This is moderately interesting.
All of it, I'm an addict.
I can't quit.
212.
Well, we love all those people.
None of it, but I still check on Neil's website, 135.
17.6% who voted on the poll say they don't listen to any
of the show, but they just check out the website.
Do you believe that?
No, no.
Two hours, 110.
A half hour or less, 105.
772 vote now.
Just long enough to hear if the old Cooot is still alive.
71.
I'm still alive.
I'm going to do a lot of shouting now.
It seems to work for the morning show.
Going to shout a lot.
I've got to do a lot of stuff.
Through the three hour on, I'm doing one in a second.
Three hours, 58.
All of it, and I've re-listened a part of it on the archives, 50.
That's sick.
The one to two hour only, 10.
The 10 to 11 hour only, 10.
The 12 to one hour, only, 8.
And the 11 to noon hour, only, 2.
Which I don't understand.
I can understand noon to one.
Like maybe people under lunch break stuff like that.
But we will take it in really loved ones.
Maybe we will take anything we can get.
12 minutes after 10 and 5.
60 WQM.
Oh, good.
Pass your dog's friends, the lights are low.
Kids are walking up and down the road.
Some are wearing costumes.
Some are wearing masks.
There's one thing that's they ask.
Will you give them something sweet?
When they come down, they trick or treat.
Give them something like that.
Everything is fine.
Then they won't kill your car.
They won't keep your yard.
Cause in this family,
we trick or treat or jelly fee.
How we can't trap dogs just like a femoral.
They will come to your house
until your candy runs out.
They will try
to love me
coming to Halloween.
10-17.
It's Halloween.
Alright, baby.
All the gremlins and the goblins and the spooks
are going to be out there tonight.
Magnum is sick about that.
You know what you said?
You heard what I said.
All the gremlins are going to be out.
Now, what's that candy?
Colonel corn candy corn?
You know what I'm talking about?
Is that it?
Yeah, looks like an orange and yellow and everything.
Yeah, that's the nastiest tasting crap.
Give out a lot of that stuff.
Maybe we can like finish off with Halloween.
I don't mind it.
I mean, people are having fun.
Which is fine.
Life is short.
Have some fun.
But I don't like those pain in the ass.
People that come down the street with their kids
and knocking on the door, banging under them.
And you know, go away.
I'm not there anyway.
So it doesn't bother me.
And like I said in this building,
no say per miso, Aki, not allowed.
It's going to be really great.
804 votes on our poll, by the way.
We're smoking today.
I think we're on fire.
Let me just offer a program.
It's just enough that anybody on this station
would ever listen to it.
But for anybody out there who might
someday be in radio in a management position,
and who might be in a position to make these decisions,
any commercial break that contains more than one live spot
should be illegal.
Should not be allowed.
Ha ha ha.
Now what are you laughing about?
Am I right?
You sure 100% right.
Any commercial?
I remember when Joe first came to this,
when I first came to QM,
Joe Rosen, the D-Fo and the Guilty were on a morning show
for worst team.
And Joe was apoplectic about the long,
ponderous commercial breaks.
And the fact that they had all these live spots.
Every commercial break would consist of Joe to do
in a live spot and D-Fo to do in a live spot,
a jelly to a live spot,
plus a bunch of other recorded spots.
And by the time you got through,
you were exhausted.
You were exhausted.
Just, are we ever going to have any program here?
No.
We're not here for programming an entertainment.
We're here for spots.
Give us the spots.
We want the money, baby.
That's what we're here for is the denerel.
And so we comes back.
And rather than saying, well, listen,
you know, I got hooked in all that crap the first time.
Let's put it in the contract.
Let's make it part of the deal.
Like I'm the new Roger Show, for example.
We're only love 14 minutes,
an hour, cover 60 minutes an hour.
And one last spot for break,
which they pay me for all of them.
By the way, you notice how many of them are not on anymore.
Because they don't sell live spots in a show
because they sell them on all the other shows,
which is fine for me.
Much less work for the old man
and much more money in my pocket.
Nice go-and-sales department.
Good.
Keep it that way.
But it's a tune out.
It's impossible.
And like I said, it's like light bulb radio.
It's bad.
So like George said, you know,
George is on vacation this week.
But he has his thumb.
He's been involved in this crap for a long time.
He has his thumb stuck right in the middle.
Back down the situation, baby.
And that being that if Clarence and Jolly Joe like it,
it's going to blow, it's going to suck.
It's going to fail.
That, you know, hit to say that.
It's just my perspective on it.
So I guess they thought I was going to get into a peen contest
with somebody across the street.
Let me say it again.
I wouldn't dignify him with like more than like 10 seconds
on a show.
That's number one.
And number two, I don't care about the ticket,
about Waxi, about Daniel Abaster,
about Stugasso, and trying to help
Stu sell some of those certificates though.
But other than that, I don't care.
I'm sure he appreciates it.
We compete with Skier America and with Rush on IOD.
Those are the two stages we compete with in midday.
And these people are too stupid.
We even understand that.
When they send them monthly,
is there every when the ratings come out?
When they send them monthly is to me.
They sent us and Waxi.
They never sent anything about IOD or IAMZ.
Nothing.
Because these people don't know from talk radio.
They don't know from radio.
Period. All they know is,
give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
And...
All right.
That.
That's all they know.
That's it.
And live spots.
And I want a lot of live spots.
Don't forget those.
So how could I?
If you wanted to forget him,
you couldn't because we're always doing
a feeding a pulporeal of live spots.
And I think I heard the line the other day
about when Joe wasn't back yet from London.
Well, Mr. LiveSpot is Mr. LiveSpot back yet.
Oh, ho ho ho ho.
It's not funny, Joe, but nevertheless.
How's Tippy doing, by the way?
He's good.
816 votes on our poll today.
Well, I'm going to keep you abreast of that.
I was speaking of abreast.
Edward New York.
Plenty men have been arrested in a sexting
in a Westchester County highway rest stop,
including a Catholic priest,
a registered sex offender
in a local rotary club president.
All of these things.
Oh my god.
The state police says the month-long sting
was prompted by a complaint from man
who stopped the arrest area off.
Interstate 684 with his 10-year-old son.
Police say men cruise the area looking for sex.
Most of the men have been charged with either
loitering or trespass violations or both.
One was charged with forcible touching
a misdemeanor,
forward charged with exposing themselves
in two with public loodness
in the rest stop,
including a Catholic priest.
Hey, father, what's that?
You got there for me, father?
Uh-oh.
Speaking of that, I can't believe
when I had my little bit of lunch
in my pill yesterday
that both of you tell me you never ate a raw hot dog,
especially two fat slabs like you guys.
Whoever heard us such a thing, what's wrong with that?
I barbecue them or boil them
when I'm gonna eat them.
Or even nook them.
But like for a snack, like, uh, you know,
if you don't have time to like do all
that other stuff for a snack,
you're a little refrigerator.
A microwave takes like 45 seconds.
No.
66 seconds. Trust me.
Oh, okay, I'm sorry.
At least in my microwave,
all the microwaves have different power,
so maybe you got a high-power microwave
all the way down it.
Now what's your living situation?
Do you live, uh, we have your own place?
Yeah.
Um,
I'm a producer at a Koyam Senora's.
So you work with mommy and you live with mommy and daddy?
Yeah, unfortunately.
In your 30 years old?
Correct.
Here's a 30-year-old man who lives with mommy and daddy.
He's got a girlfriend though, that's good.
But he lives with mommy and daddy.
Well, I don't play me.
That's cute.
We get up to be able to afford to live in a place.
Well, how about mommy and daddy?
They got some cash or what?
Um, enough for them?
Yeah.
Enough for them, but not enough for Fatso, huh?
Now do you have brothers and sisters all the time?
No, they don't.
They'll reach out.
Oh, good.
Well, thank god for that.
Can you imagine for mommy and daddy?
We have, let's take up a collection for George and for Chris and Zach.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what kind of a deal you got.
I know.
You're probably getting well taken care of
because you're an underling to Joe Rose, the, the underling.
I live with my girlfriend.
Really?
Yes.
You also have a girlfriend?
I have a girlfriend, yes.
Well, I'd say I must have done something wrong in my whole life, you know.
Not that I wanted a girlfriend, but I was wondering.
No, boyfriend.
Too late now.
Old and
gay.
Grey.
No, not grey though.
If I let my hair grow out, it's mostly black, real dark.
Isn't that great?
And I got all my own teeth and no bag.
I've reached that point in my life where I have to start, you know,
grasping for straws.
Like, I don't look all that good and of course now.
I am 187 by the way and I scale this morning.
Aren't you proud?
Very nice.
I think I'm going to start giving my blood sugars and my weight every down here.
Just for those people who tune in just to see if I'm still alive.
That's more numbers.
Well, that's right.
I'm also part of my mailing it in program.
Here's a great story from the Guardian.
It's news when a man bites a dog, not when a dog bites a man, but what about when a dog shoots a man?
That's news.
In a nasty twist to the old antage of journalism, an Iowa man is nursing a leg wound after
a hunting dog stepped on his gun.
James Harris, 37, was shot last Friday while out with a party shooting for
peasants in Pauissia County in the Midwest state of Iowa.
See, it says Midwest state because it's in the
Midwest state because it's in the
British and the British know where Iowa is.
Although it was supposed to believe that the Iowa caucus, that's what makes him
brace presidents.
And of course, Iowa is so representative of the rest of the country, not like New Hampshire, not.
The Iowa natural resources department said that Victor Mercedet has gone on the ground while
retrieving a sharp fesent as he crossed offence a dog trot on the trigger.
He trot on it and shot him in the camp just from a meter away.
What's the meter? Three feet?
Although he was hit by more than a hundred birdshot pellets and injuries are not life threatening.
Thanks, thanks God he's recovering in a hospital Iowa city.
Alan Foster, he spoke to the National Natural Resources Department
of the day of the news agency that it was not uncommon for hundreds to be shot by their dogs.
I hear it happens about a couple of times here. He said they step on the trigger assembly and if the
gun for whatever reason was non-safety, it doesn't take a whole lot to trip the trigger.
That's what Roy Rogers says.
Wow, just to cut your leg and trip old trigger and he goes tumbling by.
So it's said it's not uncommon for the dogs to shoot the pea shoot somebody and maybe if Dick
Cheney would have been there, he could have pulled off a real deal.
Where the hell is that again?
Iowa.
Oh, Iowa.
Now that's a good poll question.
Which state is most representative of the U.S.?
Do you think that's an excellent poll question?
I don't know how you answer that.
I don't know.
I'm not thinking like maybe Michigan, having lived there for 12 years.
Michigan.
Of course, how do you say representative?
Because you know, what is mainstream USA?
You've got Georgia and Louisiana and Florida and a lot of Yehu Redneck states too.
Because it's basically Yehu Redneck country.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes.
828 votes on the poll.
We're going to have maybe close to 900 this first hour and then we'll be on the front page of
the freaking Wall Street urinal.
Let's see.
Big news.
The best hour.
Keep going.
Younger coming to your mail-in.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
10 and hold it.
This is Iowa, this news.
White House is defending a meeting between President Bush and the Dalai Lama today.
George, you're meeting with the Dalai Lama.
Party with the animals.
Yeah, the Dalai Lama is a religious leader.
He's not a Lama.
I know that.
It's not Dalai Lama.
He's not an animal.
Animals or people.
Birds.
George, I know how much you enjoy the petting zoo.
Dogs and chickens.
I know, but the Dalai Lama is a human being.
I know the human being and fish and cords just peaceful.
Okay, George, let's try to focus.
I like the fish.
White House as the president has met with the Dalai Lama before and has no reason not to meet the
again again.
I love animals.
1031 at 560 WDQAM 845 votes on our award-winning poll on Neorongers.com.
Take that and put that in your piece by pinch smoke it.
Okay, all you losers, all you want to be is really interesting.
You'll notice when they want to start taking shots.
Who do they talk about in this market?
They all got it.
They all get one of the losers who's ever come down the pike.
All the so many, Dicky Farcle and the Joey.
They all got it.
And then this clown from New York, this reject from New York.
They all got it.
Same old crap.
Doesn't work.
Never work in the past.
When you don't bring anything to the table besides just talking about me,
nobody gives a crap.
Okay.
But keep it up.
I need the publicity.
Believe me.
ABC News has learned the exact wording of the immunity deal.
The State Department granted black what?
By the way, before I finish with the story,
because it is more important.
Let me just say this to Zach.
The next time clearance tries to tell you to go cover the dolphin's ear.
I would like I told you I said just kick him in the nuts.
Okay.
As hard as you can in the nuts and just laugh as he sprawls on the floor screaming
and wailing in pain.
Okay.
Done deal.
I'm not joking either.
I mean, if you're going to get pushed around by him by a little
quizzling like him, he's a simpleton man.
He epitomizes everything that is wrong
at this radio station.
Clarence.
And by the way, the Humper invented him, so.
You know, we're going to miss the Humper.
But I boy, you're paying a big price for what you did to us.
Between stewbots and clearance.
Two protégés of the thumper.
You know how I mention that every time?
Yes.
And there's a good reason for it too because I'm bitter about it.
Yeah, he came in here.
He came in here.
What?
He came in here during the break and I have like a clearance.
To talk to a Zach and I have a little ball of like, you know, candy for people.
And he goes, starts, he's like, wait, is this poisoned?
I'm like, no, it's not.
He's like, oh, okay.
And I just like walked away like, you know, I'm going to poison him in front of everybody,
you know?
Hey, we back you up.
Okay.
Then we're going to get that point.
We're going to be pissed off if you don't do it.
All right, we're going to get the poison.
I'll do it.
In fact, the answer should have been not yet.
But if we knew you're going to eat it, just give us a little time.
Give us about 20 minutes.
Anybody got a vials of cyanide because they don't come any more vial than clearance.
I'll tell you that.
ABC News has learned the exact wording of the immunity deal.
They state the environment granted Blackwater security guards involved in a
September shooting incident that left 17 Iraqis dead.
And by the way, for those who are keeping track, they're still dead.
These security guards were given a limited immunity called use immunity.
In the United New and Exchange for giving sworn statements about their
involvement of the September 16 shooting incident.
The wording of the immunity is included at the beginning of the Blackwater
guards one statement which had been obtained by ABC News.
In each of the statements the guards began by saying,
I understand the statement has been given in furtherance of an official
administrative inquiry in that I further understand that neither my statements
to many informational evidence can have been gained by reason of my statements
can be used against me in a criminal proceeding, except that if I knowingly and
willfully provide false statements of information,
I may be criminally prosecuted for that action under 18 US code section
of 1001.
The immunity deal was granted in the immediate aftermath of the shooting by
state department officials in Iraq who under intense pressure
to quickly explain what happened in the face of allegations by Iraqi officials
that the contractors murdered civilians in cold blood.
What they did?
News in the immunity deal called state department officials in Washington
off guard.
If anyone gave such immunity was done so without consulting senior leadership
at state, a senior state department official initially told ABC News.
State Department spokesman Sean McCormick would not comment directly on the
immunity given the security guards but said,
Secretary of State, the anxious obnoxious totally unacceptable condolenza,
is determined to hold anybody guilty of wrongdoing a condo.
Right.
Just like Scooter Libby, anybody, uh, right.
Secretary Rice's added to this that there are individuals who broke rules, laws,
or regulations, they must be held up a condo,
a former told reporters, every action that he's taken during the course of the
aftermath of this incident has been consistent with that approach.
McCormick refused to discuss these specific shooting in subsequent investigation.
However, he did say that the state department wouldn't have asked the FBI
and Department of Justice to get involved in the case that we did not think they could
potentially prosecute.
The kinds of quote immunity that I've seen reported in the press would not preclude a successful
criminal prosecution, the insisted ride.
It's high ever.
You know where I get that from?
You know who used to say that?
Long before either one of you were born.
Who?
Ike.
Dwight Eisenhower.
President Eisenhower was illiterate as the day was long.
However, but even as a
decorated general, War Hero, he was the one that warned about the
military industrial complex, about the
grotesque takeover of the whole world by the US military industrial establishment,
and look what's happened here now.
That's why all these wars are going on.
It's all about oil and it's all about billions of dollars
for Boeing and Lockheed and Halle Burton and Blackwater, all these crooks,
all these gangsters, all these graverabers, all these lunatics and maniacs, butchers.
And a public sits by wondering how they can find enough money to scrape together to pay the name of a mortgage payment.
860 votes on there.
Of course, exactly on afterward, about six new physis, he lives with his girlfriend.
Yes.
And Chris don't worry about it because he lives with mommy and daddy.
Well, let me ask you something.
Chris, I don't want to know.
Let me make you feel bad.
Okay.
But how long, I mean, what's your long range plan?
I mean, how long do you plan?
Well, I'm trying to do.
You mean, it's not, they try to muscle you out.
I think you know what I mean.
No, they're not muscle we out.
As long as I do stuff around there, help you know, do things there.
They're like chores.
Yeah, chores, cut the grass, we don't pay for bills.
I pay a couple bills because I'm the one who usually uses a cable TV, so I pay that and stuff like that.
Really?
Yeah.
How can I like you forward cable TV?
Well, because I can afford the cable TV, it's only going to have to pay for the apartment
to watch the cable TV in right now.
Oh, you see?
Yeah, that's a better choice, you're right.
Yeah, so I'm trying to save up some money.
I'm trying to hopefully, you know, when our new year starts here,
maybe they'll like also open up the purse strings a little bit.
And then I can move out.
Never going to happen.
Well, I can hope.
They're going to open up the purse strings and you think you're going to benefit if they did that.
They're going to take care of some of the stuff that you know.
For me, I've been here long enough to see what happens to people who work on this show.
Haven't you seen the episode yesterday where Clarence tried to play Bush Voss
and he was going to make sure that Zach wasn't here on the show today,
so we could stick his boyfriend, Robert Creeper on the board,
in which case I would not be here talking right now.
I got only knows what would be on, but it would not be me.
They were glad you're here.
If he ever sticks Robert Creeper on this show in any way, shape or form,
I'm even coming out that day.
I'm going to have one of my sick days.
And contrary to that puts that wrote that 85 page
skating crafty of the day, I have almost no sick days.
Maybe two in the last two years.
And both because of psychotic breakdowns, you know, it's just one of those things.
But physically, it's amazing, isn't it?
For a guy who doesn't take care of himself at all,
and that had that horrendous blood sugar yesterday,
I'm going to go be at my meter, mister.
I'm going to go be at my Johnny meter during a break.
Although you don't want to do that again, do you?
Because I don't want to waste all those strips there, like 88 cents a piece.
We should have an hour, every hour you should check it so we can...
No, we can't.
We can like track it.
For track people, people we can promote that.
Of course, we don't promote anything, but that would be different anyway.
Tune in to hear Neil's blood sugar this hour.
Be careful.
You'll be doing live spots for your strips.
That's a good...
Hey, you know, if I could get them, I would do the spots if I could get the strips for free.
Or if they're very reduced price there, they are expensive as hell.
And you use several of them a day, like maybe 8 or 10 or 15,
when your sugar is high, you use a lot of them.
Because you're an opanic.
You know, oh, I better take my blood sugar.
I better see if those pills are kicking in yet.
I better go eat a raw weenie and take a pill again.
I'm not going to do that today.
Maybe till about one o'clock, I don't know.
It's just a piece of weenie.
Did you have a third of one yesterday?
Is that what you said?
Yeah, a little chunk.
Didn't help though.
Wasn't until later in the day that that number.
And when your sugar is high for an extended period of time,
it takes like two, three, four days before we get it back down under,
you know, under ridiculous number where weenie needs to be.
You'll see.
No ice cube today.
No crap today of any kind.
In fact, it might be wood buying Wednesday.
I have no idea.
Yeah, you know you're going.
868 out of hole, man.
That's good. We're not going to read it all read it once an hour.
And then we'll do the blood sugar once an hour.
And then we'll... all those numbers, man.
We don't have time left for anything except live spots.
For example, week after week, more and more people are taking advantage
of Niels Hamprice deals on wdqn.com.
By the way, a notice there's only one live spot for break on this show.
We don't sit here and do bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap
I am a pal, Rosie O'Donnell here to reduce greenhouse emissions I bought here an entire fleet of fusses that run on bio diesel dyke type fuel
They run on almost anything but they gotta be driven by a diesel dyke and no I mean anything
Look I'll just need to see a bag of french fries and zeppelies
I just buy you into this tube
Now just watch how smooth this baby runs
Hey
And well it's still working on it
If you still don't think it's not a good alternative to oil, let's ask this republic an oil executive
I am Mr. Oilman
Say you think I got a chance with this here bio diesel dyke
That was a good one
1045 at 560 WDFMC I almost sound like I'm alive and human today although my bloodshare is not on that good
It's still like way it's 276 right now
Let's get lower
Well no when I woke up this morning it was like 230 or something like that was still 100 points to a high plus
But much better than yesterday it doesn't
Rome wasn't built in the day you know
878 on the pole how much of the neorages showed you listen to see here's more numbers for the sending it into mailing it in guy
You're mailing it in?
Yeah I am I'm getting paid a lot of money for it too so screw off jackass go do a live spot
All of it I'm an addict I can't quit it 243 28% of the audience listens every minute
None of it but I still check Niels website 142 16% we don't believe you but that's okay
Website is there there's no charge you don't have to pay to go on our website you know who I was doing that for a while
Are you sure? Yeah crazy fill
Used to be funny feel and he became crazy fill
Two hours 127 length of listenership that's what it's all about jolly joe and clearance length of listenership that's one of the keys to success length of listenership as opposed to turning people off with 85 minutes
Rakes and 600 live spots
Half an hour more or less 127 just long enough to your feel kuda still alive 81 I'm alive now go away
Three hours 69 all of it and I really listen to part of it on the archives 58 now keep it my Charlie be made this poll
And you know he's such a groupie that it's this is the reason that he puts these butt sucking choices on here just he loves it
He's out of control he's ridiculous he's embarrassing but keep the polls coming Charlie 58
Listen to all of it and the archives the one to two hour only 11 the 10 to 11 hour only 11 the 12 to one hour only 9
And the 11 to 12 hour only only two solventade dose 11 to 12 hour I wonder why that is really breakfast really lunch whenever it is
What they how are you talking about that's what they were listening 11 to 12
86 on the poll now we're gonna be over 900 by the top they're afraid and close to it and then they will fear us big time and then they're gonna
They're already mark this date down out of market Wednesday market on that big calendar in the wall there Wednesday of
November 21 10 a.m. That's the next trend that's when Wednesday of November 21 is it a Wednesday two weeks from
So say anyway market down on their 10 a.m. trend okay, that'll be the first trend of the fall rating book and since it's a rolling three month trend that month of
July is gonna drop off it'll be August September and October which means that that Phantom bogus month of July across the street since these people are so
whipped up into a frenzy about them that month is gonna drop off and keep in mind it's not important that we succeed because that's unlikely anyway but it's
much more important that they'll fail across the street that's what counts that they're gonna just fall flat on their face Joel
Feinberg that's the goal and of course we'll do anything to hurt them you remember him saying that oh yeah
Joel Feinberg now is he that kind of an a hole on me I can't get you out of your shell to say too much about him and I know
They don't owe you any more money no listen he he is a bold owner I guess you could say as I like to say
over there and he's like the mark Cuban they like to call him over there but if if he's
He's got his own money not daddy's money that's a good point but he admitted on your show he doesn't know anything about sports sports
right is so how does it look like he doesn't know anything about sports or about radio
So that's what I think that maybe that's why he and jolly joky along so well
Wait till you hear this this is gonna make you so depressed you're gonna turn off your radio and throw it down the toilet
I might just go in and crawl into the toilet if I were a little bit smaller I could crawl in there and push the button on the side
Despite President Bush's perpetually a visible approval ratings it appears his increasingly hostile rhetoric against Iran has
Drummed up enough fear of a nuclear holocaust or WW3 that a majority of Americans are in favor of a U.S. strike against the country and
It's curtailing its apparent nuclear ambitions and new poll shows they didn't learn from the mushroom cloud from Iraq
And all the other cliches that they use they didn't learn from that they keep getting sucked into all of this rhetoric from this illiterate goofess
Dufus
The Zabi International survey shows 52% of Americans would support a strike on Iran 52% would support a strike on Iran
While 53% expect President Bush to launch such an attack before the end of a second term
Democratic candidate swore to be Clinton and by the way Mr. Debate last not a couple of stories about it
Then it's considered said he saw flying saucer
Yes he did
In fact I think he got off of it
Did you see the debate?
No I heard highlights, well I like to know what everyone would say
No
Democratic candidate swore to be Clinton as voters member one choice to deal with Iran with 21% say they'd like to see or take on Tehran from the White House
Republican Rudy Giuliani was the voter second choice with 15%
He might not wipe out their nuclear ambitions but he's sugarbin of all the porno in Iran
Not that there is any but
Just 29% of Americans think the US should not attack Iran with one in five people unsure about military action
Of those who would support a strike 28% believe military actions should win until the next President's in office
While 23% want to see Bush let loose U.S. missiles against Iran
Turn him loose baby
The poor result reviewed with a here we go again attitude from the bloggers
Shagrided the apparent lack of lessons learned by Americans as the war launched against another hostile Middle Eastern regime
Strasches toward its fifth year
The Iran attack
It is utterly stunning
Did I that actually the great defugal these we've clearly faced in Iraq a situation far from finished by the way
Then absolute majority would favor a strike on Iran at this time rights dr. Stephen Taylor at poly blog
Poly want a cracker
Even if we assume that the diehard 25 to 30% who still approve of the way the President's doing his job
We're also in favor such a strike where the other 27 or 22% come from to get the pro strike total to 52%
How can there be so many stupid people?
So many dumb people and so little time
The support for an Iranian strike coincide with substantial fears of further terrorist attacks demonstrated the Zogby poll
More than two thirds of Americans 68% believe another terrorist attack is likely on U.S. soil
And early one three believe such a strike will come before 2010
Polls conducted proudly invasion of Iraq showed larger majority of Americans in favor of military action
Around 80% of all Americans believe Iraq posed a threat to the U.S. in late 2002 and early 2003
There are threat
Don server blogging for West Virginia's Charleston Daily Mail compared the speculation over strike on Iran to another showdown
Over nuclear proliferation nearly half century ago
He said I was in grade school when the Cuban missile crisis happened 45 October's ago
I was gun hole for taking cast around wiser heads prevailed
In the Soviet Union as well as the U.S. he said
The security of the world rest of the American shoulders I've been against a military strike
There were enough wiser heads in both sides he said
Oh yeah they're pretty wise just like our management here at QA and they're like
Raving morons man, dumber than sawdust, dumber than dirt, dumber than as mad dog would say a box of rocks
It's a real crock when you work for people dumber than a box of rocks
Take a puket that poll baby I'm gonna refresh it and I have a feeling I have a sinking, stinking feeling
It's not even close to know how it is 8 minutes till 11
901 look at that number are you impressed or what?
Very, any bold predictions today on how many votes will be?
No, well if you want to go ahead and make stupid comments go ahead
Now Chris did yesterday we got there though
I'm waiting I'm saying it's 12, 1200?
Yeah
Zack, it's pretty bold I'll stick with it though I'll say 1200
Yeah
We got a lot in that last time on the internet
I think footy gets on his polls
They won't show you the number of votes
That's never good
I'd like to find maybe we have George as one of our old friends still at IOD working for them over there
I'd like to find a way to get in on his
Private page you know I mean so we could find out how many votes actually are coming in
You want to hear what is this poll is this week?
Short footy street dot com maybe some of our people will hold on and goose up the total
I'll be business sure of the total
Can you live off what you earn?
Well that's good for you guys
Just be happy
Yes I can live within my means or no every day is a struggle
That's the poll
Is that penetrating and is that good or what?
I'm writing yes I can I'm scraping by all or I do have 100 people I support
41.67% say yes and 50.3% say no
They're scraping their struggling over there
Of course that's the IOD crowd you know
That's footies crowd
Hand them out
Unlike our crowd we got the prestigious crowd
But before we get into the meat of the debate I didn't watch it because it's a waste of time
Did they want to watch it? No
No
Anybody out there watch it? No
Dennis Cousin is his presidential campaign is hardly being taken seriously by the major media in this country
And that fact was on full display Tuesday night when NBC's Tim Russell took time from the Democratic candidates' debate
To ask Cousin is views on little green men? Why would he ask him a question like that?
To make him look like an idiot? Yes
It worked
Russell asked Cousin is about a recent claim by actress Shirley McClain a long time friend of the Ohio Congressman
That he was very moved by an encounter with UFO many years ago
Cousin is acknowledged the encounter with a mysterious hovering triangular craft
But he left open whether he thought it was carrying space invaders
I guarantee he got off that ship
I guarantee he's one of the people who got off the ship
Oh he's a little jai kind of funny looking
I did he said it was not identified flying object or it's unidentified I saw something
McClain wrote that Cousin is from the experience extremely moving
I had a really moving experience this morning believe me, wow
Must be from not eating any crap yesterday
Well you don't eat any crap you well
The smell of roses drew him out to the balcony where when he looked up he saw a gigantic triangular craft
It smelled like roses
Silent and observing him she wrote
It hovered soundless for ten minutes or so and spread away with a speed he couldn't comprehend
He said he felt a connection in his heart and heard directions in his mind
Wow after the debate Cousin is joking he was planning to move his head quarters to Roswell in New Mexico
The side of that suspected UFO crash
Cousin is compared himself to former president Jimmy Carter who also claimed to have seen the UFO
And he joked that more people in the US have had a close encounter with a strange flying object
than who approve of president Bush's performance
Nice going Dennis you little silly person you
New Mexico I want to build a bigger part with the hot wife
New Mexico governor Bill Riches and they post a bit interview with Chris Matthew
Riches and told Matthews the government is hiding evidence about UFOs
How do you like that about UFOs?
Oh yeah that's what we really need to be talking about right now
With all the other tourists going on the world all these dead people with global warming
The planet is like floating away and we need to be worried about UFOs baby
We're going to die
The best talent is in the world
This is the new project, 4.560 QAM
The sports leader
This is the new Roger show
This is his brain
Any questions?
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
I'm not sure
And at night when i'm alone
I grab my pillow and saw
I'm not sure i'm human too
I'm the insider in a cry for what to cry if i want to
You would cry too if you were president
He's a great leader.
Yeah, right.
Maybe he's younger than you are and that's why you like it.
Anyway, I haven't read the lineup yet for today.
It's already 11 o'clock hour.
That's not good.
You're supposed to chastise me for that.
Read the line up.
No.
We got Mad Dog at 2.
The power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together 4 to 5.
The Humper all by himself, 5 to 7.
And you better like not miss too many Humper shows because you have them left too much to go.
And then it's bye bye.
That was funny.
Bye bye on QM for the Humper.
That's what you get for a foresting clearance honest.
Then you got Dolphins all asses with, and isn't it interesting how Dolphins turns on everybody sooner or later.
You can be damn sure that he was part of the decision making process there with the Humper.
Just like he turned on Dolph when he was assistant program director to Dolph.
And now all of a sudden one day, Clarence became the program director and Dolph got pushed into a meaningless title and then into the sales department.
Nice go on Clarence.
You backstabber man.
You're evil.
You're like the Pete Bolger of Beatsley Broadcasting of Measley.
You notice that?
Oh yeah.
Backstabber.
Kick him in the nuts.
Zach.
Backstabber.
Tank 5-7 followed by that horrible, unlistenable as Tom Zick called it.
Dolphins all asses show with O.J. McDuffy and Bow.
Oh boy.
At 7 o'clock, 7 o'clock, 7 o'clock.
And then night of midnight we got World Series Game No. 6 joined in progress.
Well, we'll make one up how's that?
We can do our own world series.
Wouldn't you think he would change the schedule?
Is it any Kagan tonight or what?
Do we know?
No idea.
We don't know.
We will try to find out.
Yeah, we'll find out.
See, if he was more concerned about that as opposed to worrying about whether Zach is
going to be out there covering the dolphins who don't play this weekend, maybe we might have
a schedule that makes them sit.
Oh, O.J.
Please offer their shot in the head while off duty.
They're like breathless on CNN.
You notice when a cockage shot, everybody likes to post-event nervous breakdown.
If some slumber, if the shoe shine kid on the street, if he gets shot in the head, it's
well, you know, too bad.
He was a nice kid.
Tough break.
Yeah.
928.
Boy, we might get to 1,000 this hour.
What did you say, 1,200?
Holy Mackerel, baby.
Woo!
Heavy, heavy duty.
Which is what I did this morning.
Maybe that's why we'd 1,87 this morning.
That's why the bloodshed is lower.
No, that's got nothing to do with it.
What do you know about bloodshed?
When is the last time you were to the doctor and had an exam?
I go from my early checkup soon.
Is there an answer to the question?
That was not an answer.
That's 9 months ago, something like that.
Yeah.
And what was your blood sugar?
Can you give me a number?
No.
And you want to know why?
Because doctors don't tell you these things.
When you go to the doctor, you should tell him, I want a copy of my blood test results.
Did you have blood drawn?
Yes.
And?
And he told me I need to lose weight.
That's what we said.
He didn't tell you anything.
Typical.
Dr. Rees, baby.
Typical Dr. Double Talk.
You need to lose weight.
Like you needed to go to a doctor and have somebody tell you that?
My dad told me that.
Yeah.
A deaf dumb and blind kid can tell you that.
Just by the vibrations if you walk by.
They're not that bad.
Lose some weight.
So you don't know what your blood sugar is.
You have no idea if you die of edicure.
If you have high blood pressure, any of these things.
Right?
You know what your blood pressure is?
No.
Okay.
I'm just trying to be helpful.
That's all.
I'm not trying to pick on you.
I'm calling it helpful because I know what it's like to be fat and out of shape
and just a slave to sugar.
And you people out there who think I'm exaggerating when a tenor that sugar is more powerful than any drug.
Heroin, cocaine, crack, you name it.
Sugar tops them all.
And the worst part about it is it's cheap.
Unlike a lot of other drugs, it's very cheap.
Even Zach can afford it.
And Chris.
And if he'd been Chris can afford it, that tells you it's really got to be cheap.
Exactly.
Senator Harry Clinton's vote to authorize the US Warner Rack again came under attack.
But her major rivals indicated last night's Democratic presidential debate that the parties focusing for in affairs
could be shifting to a potential showdown with Iran.
While Clinton continued to separate herself from opponents who called for an immediate withdrawal of US troops from Rack saying,
I stand for ending the war in Iraq and bringing our troops home, but I also understand it's going to take time.
Former Senator Janet words of North Carolina zero-din on Clinton's vote for a congressional resolution that declared Iran's revolutionary guard a terrorist organization.
That vote he said cleared the way for President Bush to invade Iran.
I mean, is anybody read this thing Edwards asked?
I mean it literally gave Bush and Cheney exactly what they wanted.
The contention over the Iran resolution was the sharpest disagreement in debate that saw Clinton come under a gang assault from a field of rivals hoping to chip away their commanding lead in national polls.
Clinton Edwards and most of the other major Democratic contenders gathered to fill it up for the debate, which was telecast an MSNBC after all about it, thank God.
Also on stage were Barack Obama, Chris Dodge, Joe Biden, Bill Richardson and Little Dennis Kussinch with his flying saucer.
NBC News and the Democratic National Committee excluded former Senator Mike Revella of the last ten grounds.
He didn't meet fundraising and polling thresholds. He's got like 0.00 like the ratings across the stream host of the day.
0.00 like that.
On July.
The after July for August man, how do you like that at night time?
Who's that guy they got on their Kevin Rogers? All he's doing is playing off of my name.
There's only one Roger that people listen to in this market. It's not Kevin Rogers. Is he any good by the way I never heard him.
He's alright, young guy.
Yeah, and...
And he got a big share last month.
Or that July.
He's a lie, yeah.
What happened to him in August? They all die. They all go away for the summer.
I think they turned the station off maybe.
No, good. Good thinking.
Richardson, a former US ambassador to the UN, said he would be willing to talk with Iran, claiming to have been the only candidate on the stage to negotiate it with a foreign power, which your objections from Biden and Dodd?
I believe it's critical that if we're going to resolve the situation and release it, we're going to get Iraq to stop Iran's helping terrorists.
We have to engage them vigorously, potentially also with sanctions, Richardson said, adding that it was important to evolve Russia and Washington's European allies.
Who's Senate's campaign has founded an opposition to Iraq war said, flatly, we need to adamantly reject any kind of a move toward war with Iran and criticize Clinton's vote for the Iran resolution.
When you say all options are on the table, you give license to President Bush, who said the war in Iraq is illegal, even planning for the war against Iran is illegal.
But Biden, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, raised a different specter saying that while Iran was an important concern, the deterioration of an out of control Pakistan was a bigger threat.
Let's just bomb everybody, alright?
The Saudis, the Pakistanis, the Iranians, all the ragheads, look out, you're going to get it.
The fact of the matter is the Iranians may get 2.6 kilograms of Hami and Rich Uranium, he said that the Pakistanis have hundreds thousands of kilograms of Hami and Rich Uranium.
As Clinton's lead in national polls grossed double digits, so Bams made no secret visit, attention to turn up the heat on a decision that met with favor from Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee.
Senator Obama needs a performance where the media in the national press A boy showed some strength, he made some points, he looked like a leader when Dell told NBC News, right now the bus from the debates is he's an exceptionally charismatic bright guy, but he's not ready for prime time.
Maybe he ought to go on the prime time tour, what do you think?
Take Dianne with him and leave him wherever the hell he stops off, just leave him there, on a street corner somewhere.
At Pfizer's to Obama told NBC News that Obama reviewed tapes of Bill Clinton's debate performances in his victorious 92 campaign for a clues to how to ratchet up his attacks on the senator without sacrificing his likeability.
Looking to strike a balance, Obama took the first shot last night, but only after complaining that reports of an anti-Clinon festival were greatly exaggerated.
Some of this stuff gets over hyped Obama said that that was quickly followed by an accusation that Clinton was changing positions whenever it's politically convenient.
It's over hyped, but banishy of bitch, is that what he said?
Now that may be politically savvy, but I don't think it offers the clear contrast we need, he said.
Edwards was more blunt in Obama, citing what he said were Clinton shifting positions on the order of our consortial security.
I think the American people given this historic moment in our country's history deserve a present of the West that they know will tell him the truth and won't say one thing one time and something different at a different time, he told Tim Russell, NBC's Washington bureau chief, pasty of face from Buffalo, pasty face.
As for the restudeless characterization of Clinton's rhetoric is double talk, Edwards applied firmly, I do.
After every attack, Clinton resolutely refused to respond in kind. Time after time she ignored the barbs and returned to her platform, turning Edwards's double talk, charged into an opportunity to reiterate her support for overhauling the healthcare system and fighting the special interest in Washington.
She has no zero qualifications.
None. She's Bill Clinton's wife, that's it.
Is there any doubt about that? No.
The Iraq and Iran provided the main clashes last night as the candidates generally agreed on strategies to bring down energy cost and prove education, make healthcare affordable and relieve the middle class tax burden.
Dodd straight most of the other candidates disagree with their call from massive move to alternate alternative energy technologies.
Consumers are not going to be in a position where they can afford the more expensive fuels.
The alternative fuels and technologies instead of urging a so-called corporate carbon tax, which would raise taxes on companies than where they pollute the environment.
That was also the only candidate who raised his hand with Brian Williams of NBC and the news asked whether anyone believe the illegal grammar immigrants should not have driver's licenses.
This is a privilege not a righty said. They should do like in Florida, maybe when the illegal wash up on shore, give them a driver's license and a thousand dollars and they, whatever else, load of registration card.
Right? You bet.
Price to be named later.
935 on a poll. Maybe we got a real good shot again with 1000 by noon today. That would be a real feather in my cat.
And you know what the reason is? Got that blood sugar down to under 50,000.
I'm going to use that blood sugar on the form. I'm going to use real objects.
4256QAM.
The fourth leader. You have to stand up for that.
I'm going to use that.
I'm going to use that.
I'm going to use that.
1118 at 560 W.Q. I'm happy. I'm going to use that.
952. Oh yeah, you're right. 1200. Easy today. Easy. Even the ZAC is buying that.
Now what are you guys getting for lunch today?
How is how is how is how is how is how is how is how is how is how is how is how you say that like oh yeah every day how is.
God love how is we do love how is we love to take care of all our people man whether and we don't give them all that much publicity.
How come they have to rely spot for how is for free?
Like we did for those sandwich guys but I wish George was there for just like 30 seconds.
I can't think was it Hollywood. I can't think of the name of the place.
How long ago?
A few years ago.
I don't know.
I used to bring in the stuff sandwiches and then the long guy and then the city subs.
That's the one. Very good.
I think you just put a lot to a lot of spots together.
A Atlantic city subs.
Isn't it?
Atlantic is the I think the mortgage company.
Atlantic city subs.
Yes it's Atlantic city subs.
Not Atlantic.
How's it going with you man?
Hey how's Chippy doing?
He's good. He's fixing my hair.
Go ahead.
Low some hot air Chippy.
Where's Dan?
So let me ask you what about Joe Rosen and Sid the kid.
How did they get along?
They were okay. They didn't get along like great friends but you know they saw each other.
Better than Joe and Mo.
Oh yeah.
That was a disaster.
That was not good and he was right.
Of course anybody in Mo, he could fill in the blank and Mo.
Disaster.
Not good.
Zach and I actually talked about that during one of the breaks.
I was talking about what?
The howard from Bookabit.
Joe and Mo.
Yeah.
I should probably play that thing where I mean it's you know it's like a chief shot.
And who am I not to take a chief shot?
How did you give you an update of what took place just now off the air?
Yeah.
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David.
Who I get along with great.
I thought.
Don't don't don't call me.
He called me and.
He's there.
I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to one on one point five.
Let me see what age group.
One on one point five for Howard.
Maybe one on two point seven.
Some easily listening love music.
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids.
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard.
The caller like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca.
It's like you know it's okay.
So anyway.
He's he's listening.
So just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
No.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station for everybody else.
But it's also in you.
Done.
Bye.
Wow.
Yeah.
It was a day from Britney Spears or was it Saturday right?
Surrogid your Friedman.
Blackout.
Spears new CD was to be released to stories yesterday.
Well, fans, buy it or ignore it.
You guys buy it?
No.
No.
Or they already downloaded it illegally.
Did you download it illegally?
No.
Yes.
You did?
No, but that's the answer I wanted to give.
Those are the questions for Give Records.
It's a week-long mail by the Run Folds.
No Give.
They success a blackout with a detail.
What kind of future Spears described by a family court judge as a drug user who doesn't listen to his rules has in showbiz.
Already there are troubling signs.
Blackout has been available on iTunes for legal downloading since Saturday.
Never less.
However, it hasn't turned up yet on their album chart.
It could be if fans didn't realize it was there.
But still Amazon.com.
Blackout is number six right now, which is good.
But not great.
Meanwhile, the single Gimme More is number eight in iTunes.
Give has released a second single yet, although heaven on earth is likely choice.
Stay tuned, says Rodriguez Friedman, because Spears is getting a public referendum this week and the truth could hurt.
Aww.
Poor baby.
And?
Bruce Springsteen should be very happy.
He has the number one album, a possible Grammy for Best Album of the Year for Magic.
An album full of singles and a sold out concert tour.
But, however, Radio will not play Magic.
In fact, my sources tell me that Clear Channel has sent an edict to its classic rock stations not to play from Magic.
Why?
Well, can I finish the story?
Yeah.
But it's okay to play old Springsteen tracks such as Dancing in the Dark Boran to run and born in the USA, eh?
Just no new songs by Springsteen, even though it's likely many radio listeners are already on the album,
and would like to hear it mixed in with the junk carpet on Radio.
Why? One theory says a long time rock insider is that the audience knows those songs, of course they'll never know these songs if nobody plays them.
Magic, by the way, sold more than a half a million copies since its release October 2, and likely will hit the million mark.
It's not a small achievement these days and wanted to be embraced by Chief Channel, but what a situation.
The number one album is also not being played in any radio stations according to Radio and Records, which monitors such things.
Nothing.
The rock songs aren't on rock radio and two stand out melodtracks.
Magic and Devils Arcade aren't even on the light stations.
Light, L-I-T-E.
The single kind of hits Radio No Where living in the future, which would have been hits no questions asked in the 70s, 80s, maybe in the 90s, are also absent from the top 40.
What to do? Columbia Records is said to be writing a remix version of the Girls in their Summer clothes, a pop-8 Beats Boys tag track that has such a catchy hook fans were singing along to what the live shows before they had the album.
Bruce and Savers are hopeful that with the push from Sony, Girls will triumph.
I'm not so sure right to write you though.
Clear Channel seems to have sent a clear message to other radio outlets that at age 58, Springsteen simply is too old to be played on rock stations.
He's old man.
Old. Unlike Mick Jagger, he's old.
Does he look as good?
This completely absurd notion is one of many ways Clear Channel is then more to destroy the music business than downloading over the last 10 years.
It's certainly what's helped create satellite radio where Springsteen is a staple and even has his own channel on Sirius or Sirius.
It's not just for Oh Near, you ought to go across the street and work for Sirius, you know, walk across the street.
It's not just Springsteen, there's no sign of major radio stations of new albums by John Fogridi or Annie Lennox either.
The same stations that should be playing Stannis New Singles with Chad Croger or Tina Turner are avoiding them too.
Like Springsteen, these older artists have been relegated to something called Triple A format stations that is either college radio or small artsy stations such as WFUV and the Bronx,
which are immune from the Clear Channel virus of pre-programming, where the number of plays per song is a fraction of what it is on commercial radio.
How do you like that?
Car of.
Not bad enough that Chief Channel room talk radio with all the right wings swill if they put on here, but now they're like also a ruining, well they have been doing it for years.
Rooting music. Of course in South Florida, be hard to ruin music radio. Oh, guess what? Speaking of music radio, Ricky Tickie still hasn't read my email. Maybe he's on vacation.
Maybe he's out of town or maybe he hates me like poison. I don't know. Oh, he loves you. Has it read my email? Doesn't that bug you when you send somebody an email on my space or anywhere?
Well, you can't tell on regular like, you know, regular emails, right?
Correct. That's a one good advantage on my space is that you can read the emails. I would see if anybody else read them.
What are you trying to say? Why don't we send an email and ask for receipt with the email so you know if they open their not an irregular email?
Just ask for a receipt? Yeah, it's like a few years later. I never heard such a thing.
Yeah, through my email looking everything in. Yeah.
I can send an email to you and when you open it, it's going to ask you to send a receipt back that you opened it or read it and then I'll know.
But of course you can just say no when they don't get the receipt. It's a good point. Which is what I always do.
Why did you do that just to be a bastard? Correct. Not a nice. Not at all.
What if it's a bad email? You think it's stupid. They ask you. Well, if it's a stupid email and somebody who hates like poison, then no it's good. That's a good answer. Just say, uh, I don't have a clue.
What? If it's like a bad email, you're like, what the hell do you send this to me for? And then you see them all, hey, did you get the email? Oh, no, I didn't see you.
Well, I get lots of those. I get plenty of bad ones, stupid ones in my space. And by the way, all the rogues don't send me any more crap.
You and Dennis could send us to get on that spaceship and take off, baby.
965 and a pool by the top of the hour were predicting a thousand votes. And then, then they're going to have a nervous breakdown.
Joel Feinberg will be sitting on the street corner of 441 Lives Dairy Road with his head in his hands crying like a little child.
Wouldn't be the first time, Joel.
Best out of two of his neo-rojects. 435-60 QAM.
The first leader.
Our David's a bitch.
1131-29-TIL-NU. Let's just play that till 2 o'clock. What do you say?
That's one of the funniest things I've ever heard.
Is it really? I'm telling you right now, just from working with both those guys and going through the whole thing with Howard and this show for time years here.
It just needs to end with the taser and then it would be perfect.
Oh, yeah. Well, that was PT, pre-taser.
Wow, don't chase me, Mom.
Maybe I'll add that on in my spirit time.
It's hysterical.
It's good. 28-TIL-NU. At 560, we missed the moment. I'll tell you that.
I thought I would say that, but we missed the moment and badly.
It was like a human punching bag. Yes, it was.
It was easy to do. And you don't have to embellish anything or you had to do his tell it like it was.
In fact, we couldn't even begin to tell it like it was.
There was stuff going on behind the scenes that nobody would believe, even now.
Nobody.
A new scientific finding that AIDS came to the US from Africa via Haiti, probably arriving in Miami is early 1969,
stoked to controversy among researchers in the Haitians yesterday reopening deep wounds over the medical communities role in perpetuating a stigma against people from the island.
That's the herald now. Fred Tasker and Jacqueline Charles wrote this and that was the spin and that first paragraph they put on this, perpetuating a stigma.
Published in this week's proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the study aims to better explain the origin of AIDS,
whose history involves a virus with a sketchy storyline that began in Africa in the 1930s and emerged in LA in 1981.
The findings were based in part on blood samples taken from about 20 Haitian patients at Jackson Memorial, as early as 1979.
The samples were frozen, stored at the CDC in Atlanta, and re-analyzed by the study's office, including researcher at the University of Miami.
We're seeing patients at Jackson Memorial who will be now called AIDS, and at the time we didn't even know it's a Dr. Arthur Pitchnic, co-author of the study in Professor Medicine at the U of M Medical School.
I started seeing Haitian immigrant patients with TB, and it would get better from the TB only in the diet three to six months later for what we now call AIDS.
Dr. Michael Gottlieb, an assistant clinical professor of medicine at the University of California LA, and one of the original discoverers of AIDS said the analysis placed the HIV virus that causes it in the US nearly a decade earlier than previously believed.
It's pretty clear evidence for Haiti as a stepping stone, he said, is suggesting that the infection was further below our radar than I previously suspected is kind of unnerving.
It's unnerving, folks.
This is very credible work at a Dr. Margaret Fischel, a pioneering UM-AIDS researcher.
There are approaches the way it should be done, some of my colleagues think this is a really remarkable piece of work.
The findings drew immediate anger from my mutation community, and raised concerns among some AIDS scientists as well.
People are going crazy, said Dr. Lerunia's Pierre, executive director of the Center for Haitian Studies in Little Haiti.
Pierre said he has fought stigmas against patients from the first day of AIDS, in which researchers blame the epidemic on the four H's, homosexuals, Haitians, hemophiliax and heroin addicts.
In February 1990, the FDA borrowed Haitians from donating blood and the rest of policy that had made its scores of protests and highly publicized blood cuts of blood drives.
By December 1990, the FDA had scrapped its policy to develop a more rigorous screening of all blood donors.
To many, the policy portion already taboo subject to the Haitian community deeper in the shadows and discourage many from seeking treatment of phenomenon sets and the latest findings could cause to happen again.
This does a disservice to the Haitian community who feel like they already went through this 20 years ago, said Dr. Paul Farmer, professor of medical anthropology at Harvard, and founder of Partners in Health, and international research and aid organization, Fighting AIDS and Haiti.
This is very slender evidence in which to base a such a grand claim, he said.
I don't think this is very helpful, said Dr. Lawrence, Deputy Lawrence, Professor of Medicine at Wild Medical College of Cornell University.
People often play history and would be great to figure out who patient zero was, but there are doubts.
What does this say?
You tell me?
I've already facts them this thing, but this just bugs the hell out of me. I hope you're enjoying your vehicle in this nice weather.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, yadi, I already sent them this information, but I'll do it again. Very annoying, the safe least.
I don't think this is very helpful, said Dr. Jeffrey Lawrence, Professor of Medicine at the, I just read that.
The studies lead out to Michael Warrobe, University of Arizona, evolutionary biologist, defended his methodology Tuesday and denied aimed to service to the Haitian community.
Warrobe and his co-authors analyzed the frozen blood samples from about 20 epitonization patients of Jackson from the late 70s and early 80s.
They set up a medical timeline that they say indicates the HIV virus arrived in Haiti in 96 and mined by 69.
Warrobe said he estimated the timing of the virus arrival by taking samples of the virus from the late 70s to 2000.
By knowing the rate at which the virus is mutated, he said it was able to create a picture of what the virus looked like in 1969, and by comparing viruses from the US and Haiti during this time, he could deduce
when the virus arrived in the States. He could deduce it.
It's a common technique used in genetic analysis and human evolution world we said yesterday.
The study concludes that AIDS arrived in Haiti after Haitians went to the Democratic Republic of Congo as workers after that country won independence in 1960.
It debunks the original patient zero theory that said the HIV virus came to LA via a gay Canadian flight attendant named Gaytan Dugaz.
That theory was created by Dr. William Dero. I wonder if he's kind to Josh Dero and others at the CDC and turned into the 87 book and the band played on by journalist Randy Schultz.
Dero later reputed it and repudiated his own study.
Pitch and Ex City realized this week's study would be controversial in the Haitian community.
I want to stress this as nothing to do with race or sex or color of skin he said we shouldn't stigmatize any particular group.
It's not whether your Haitian or homosexual, it's the high-risk behavior you engage in when you have unproductive sex, whether you're a drug user sharing needles.
In Haiti where 6% of the population was HIV infected in 2003 the situation is improved with HIV rates dropping to 2% in 2006.
And a partridge in a pair of three.
Oh don't pick on us bro don't pick on us.
Yeah. Sometimes the truth hurts.
What does it matter when we found out when HIV or AIDS was brought here?
Why are they going back and trying to find that out? Let's take in the help.
I don't think you're going to help anything by doing that. He says getting research and writing stories about it.
He says getting research so he can help figure out what it's all about.
Yeah but from an age line to cure.
From patient zero.
How would they find out from patient zero? How they're going to find out who patient zero was or patient X?
I just gave it the name, Gaiton douchebag or something like that from Montreal.
A legend. It was allegedly some frog in Montreal.
If you see a frog step on it.
Until it croaks.
995 somebody upstairs just dropped something on the floor. I hate when that happens.
I never hear a people when they drop something on the floor. It sounded like a tick-tack.
You could hear that?
Yeah I could hear it upstairs and whatever the thing is above me.
I like it.
I like it.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Excessively old trick-or-treater.
Excessively old trick-or-treater.
You're supposed to be the one doling out the candy.
But you still live with mother anyway.
So she can drag her oxygen tank to the door and give it out herself.
Please don't give me no pennies.
You should have given it up years ago.
But hey, your Frankenstein.
You're supposed to be a foot taller than the rest of the trick-or-treaters.
Fire, man!
Fire, man!
More than one youngster is suspicious.
But you don't care.
You're chosen for a baby-ruth and nothing is getting in your way.
Candy, candy, candy!
The coast is almost clear.
When the Johnson twins are picked up by their mother,
who remembers you from the third grade.
Reluctantly, you hand over your pillowcase of free sweets
and be ended back home before the authorities are alerted.
I will creep in!
So we salute you.
Excessively old trick-or-treater.
Your disability check, your charities, and your candy corn.
You are a real American angel.
That's what they call a candy corn.
Oh, man, that stuff is nasty.
Can you imagine how much of that's going to be distributed tonight on Halloween?
Too much.
Wow.
One kernel of it would be one kernel too much.
Nasty, horrible stuff.
Tastes like mung.
Garbage.
That was never one of my favorites.
One of your favorites?
Yeah.
Ooh!
No, I'm saying it would never was.
But that's not how you say it.
You say, you hated it like poison.
That was never one of your favorites.
It was always-
Why don't I hand it like poison?
It's just-
Maybe you don't need it like poison.
Maybe that's why you're such a big fat tub.
Maybe you'll need anything.
You know?
No.
Yeah.
But that was one of the ones when like, you know, after you were done treating-
Maybe you can't complain about your taste because you don't have any.
That's exactly right.
But when you've done trick treating, you get like all your friends would get in a circle.
And you don't-
Yeah, I know what they would do with that.
And then trade.
Well, no, that's what you would do.
And you trade like, okay, I don't like this.
What do you got for this type of thing?
That was one that I was always training way to someone else.
You know, Clarence is all his friends getting in a circle.
Yeah, but they do something else.
1007 on the full.
We got a thousand plus and it's only 1145 and we're still alive, baby.
They hit us with five shots.
And we're still alive.
Keep trying, Clarence.
Take it by shot.
You little twerp, you idiot.
You quizzling.
You cypalten.
You know, yesterday we had to stir about the top-end learning celebrities, but top-erning dead celebrities.
Obviously.
But this is a better story because it's got the numbers.
And we prefer numbers on this show because if you're going to mail it in, it always helps to have a lot of numbers, right?
Yeah.
A lot of us have been spending a lot of time looking for good numbers all our lives.
And every now and then you find one.
A thousand and eight vote on that poll about how much you listen to this some marginal show.
Just because you did, it doesn't mean you can't stage a comeback.
Web site Forbes.com said on Tuesday that Elvis Presley began the top spot on list of the highest-durning dead celebrities, ousting Kurt Cobain, who'd beaten him last year.
Elvis shimmied his way back at top of the seventh annual list of 13 top-erning legends that it ruled since its inception.
He had ruled it with an estimated range of about $49 million in the year ending this month.
$49 million last year and he's been dead forever.
The rise from 42 million last year comes after CKX Entertainment, which blocked part of his estate from daughter Lisa Marie, embarked on a mission to be new interest in the late senior and actor last year.
Forbes.com said in the statement that the top 13, who generated massive amounts of merchandising revenue, rose to combine $232 million in the year.
In second place came Beetle John Lennon, here in $44 million, while the creator of Pena's comic strip Charles Schultz took the third spot, with earnings of $35 million.
Cobain was one of four who fell off this year's ranking. He just vanished. He debuted on list in first place last year after his window Courtney Love sold part of a son catalog for a reported $50 million bucks.
Rounding off the top five on this year's list George Harrison from the Beatles who died in 2001 with IPA-22 million and German-born physicist Albert Einstein only $18 million.
Einstein has become a key trademark in child education due to the disney owned baby Einstein brand of videos and toys.
The Beatles did well in the latest list of the wake of selling too long-standing legal disputes with the settlements believed to have exceeded $100 million.
Newcomers on list were actor Steve McQueen and the Godfather of Thole James Brown who died late last year.
Rapper Tupac Shakur began to slot on list listed Jimmy Dean.
Rounding off the top 13 repop artist Andy Warhol theater gazelle better known as children's author Dr. Seuss, silver screen legend Marilyn Monroe and Reggae superstar Bob Marley.
The other three bumped off this year's list were R&B Pioneer Ray Charles. I think it's a racial thing. Author J.R.R. Tolkien and Captain Singer Johnny Cash.
Well, I'll see you. Here's the schedule. Now what is this? Oh, I see nine to midnight Eddie Kay. Clarets got the message.
He finally went out there made new schedule of Eddie Kay. Wow. We don't have World Series game number six tonight because there wasn't World Series game number five.
So likely there won't be World Series game number six. Clarets nice work, baby. Nice work. You are doing it. You almost deserve to be on the payroll almost being the operative ward there. You cyphaled him. You're fairy.
Shmeckle bad news. He's just bad news on two legs. That's Clarets. How do you really feel? He's an idiot.
And then this company this supposed to be a multi-million dollar company listed on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange, BBGI.
Go buy her. And they hand the keys to the kingdom over to this puss who tells people like Zach.
Oh, well, don't go on that show because the dolphins may be out there addressed up in their uniforms and some crap like that could have been out there right now.
They could be out there right now. We ought to send Clarets to camp. Oh, I got some good lines about that, but I can't use them.
1015 on the poll. I could use them, but then Joe be getting calls from those old Jewish ladies again. Now Mr. Bell, did you hear what he said? It was disgusting. Mr. Bell is such a high mionkel.
Maureen Dowd, New York Times today writes Hillary LaFont-Chez. She has Shea LaFam question mark. Too much frog in there, man. I don't like the frog stuff.
If she starts using big words in her, getting really good pissed off. I love Maureen Dowd, but she's a suit because she writes for New York Times.
She said it's an odd cultural inversion. The French First Lady, the one in a role where wives traditionally ignored and overlooked their husbands' peccadillos for the greater gain of keeping the marriages intact and running the L.A.J. Palace as Flutter-guilded perch acting all American.
And bringing over with feelings and feminist impulses. The former American First Lady, the one who's supposed to be bringing over with feminist impulses, has ignored and overlooked her husbands' peccadillos for the greater gain of keeping her marriage intact as she tries to return to the gilded perch and run the White House.
Cecilia Sarkozy acts so American while Hillary Clinton acts so French. Cecilia at one point left a marriage to go to New York and seek Love American style while Hillary lost the public love in the 90s when she tried French style healthcare reform.
In Essence magazine, Hillary sounded trade French, trade La Céphère, talking about her marriage. Now obviously we've had challenges as everybody in the world knows, she said, but I never doubted that it was a marriage worth investing in even in the midst of those challenges.
And I'm really happy that I made that decision. Again, not a decision for everybody, and I think it's so important for women to stand up for the right of women to make a decision that is best for them.
In addition to warrior strategy, the one that led Hillary to back president Bush on the Iraq War and the Iran drumbeat, the senator has a girlfriend strategy.
Hillary recently told an interview that they should talk like two girlfriends in the last speaker campaign team was, women changing America.
She returns to Wellesley to march along Hild Blazers, a bid to attract young Hillary to the campaign.
She'll be back in the setting of her 69 feminist triumph as the commencement speaker who described her class and desire for a more immediate, ecstatic, and penetrating mode of living and who spoke truth to power, chastising Edward Brook for being out of touch.
Hillary doesn't speak truth to power anymore, now that Mark Penn believes women can carry her to victory, Hillary speaks girlfriend to girlfriend.
That tack Caitlin Flanagan writes in the Atlantic would only work if she were willing to let us women in on the big underlying struggle of her life that is front and center in our understanding of who she is as a woman.
Her husband's sexual behaviour, quite apart from the private pain that it is caused her, is also solid, her deepest and most womanly ideals and convictions, for the Clinton's political partnership has demanded that she defend action she knows to be indefensible.
Decolon or husband a Philanderer is almost to whitewash him for he's used women far less sophisticated, educated and powerful than he, women especially susceptible to race characteristics, blend of conjulery and deceit for a sexual gratification.
In glass glossing over her husband's actions at a betting his efforts to scourmory from the scrutiny and judgment they provoke, Hillary is too often left into her customary hot tour and self-righteousness and added into the pain delivered upon these women.
That's French hot tour, of course, the kind Nicolas Sarcosi showed when he called his press secretary in Imbecile and refused to answer Leslie Stahl's question on 60 minutes about his marriage and ripped off his microphone.
He may have failed to realize that unlike in France, he can't call his powerful buddies and simply get the story killed.
Hillary certainly hopes this is a harbinger in Argentina where voters just be worthy of their former president for his economic prosperity by electing his wife to succeed him.
And why not former First Lady Christina Fernandez decryuching her said about Hillary yesterday, another woman wouldn't be bad.
Miss Flanagan is not so sure. She was especially bothered by Hillary's callousness in dumping socks, the beloved White House cat and best-selling author on Bill's former secretary Betty Curry.
But maybe the qualities that many find, off-footing in Hillary, her opportunism, her triangulation, her ethical corner cutting, her shifting convictions from pro-war to anti-war, her secrecy, her ruthlessness are the same ones that make people willing to vote for a woman.
Few are concerned that Hillary is strong enough for the job. She's cold-eyed about wanting power and raising money and turning everything about her life into a commodity.
Yet the characteristics that are somewhat troubling are the same ones that convincingly show she'll do what it takes to beat Obama and Rudy. She'll not be softer vulnerable, she'll not melt in a crisis.
And unlike Obama, she doesn't need to talk herself into manning up. Obama whiffed into debate last night when Brian Woodens and Tim Russell teed up the first question frame to take on Hillary, something the debate dominator ex never would have done.
He whiffed on it. I'm not good. Poor Barak baby stared out with such great promise and now it's like, you know, kind of flickering out. Visually, remember my friend Flickr?
1022 on a pull we're going for 1200 a day, 1200 or bust, we're a big fat bust. We're gonna give it. Tony Snow who's not dead yet, former White House spokesman, according to him critics of Fox News, it'd be better off learning from the controversial 24-hour news never thin sniping at it.
Boy, wow. The former Fox Puppets comments came during your conversation with people, magazines managing editor Larry Hackett at the American magazine conference and focus Sunday as related by condon-ass blogger Jeff Burr-Tavichi.
There's perceived bias on the part of Fox because they don't free conservatives as knuckle dragging morons. I think the rap on Fox for having biases on the Pharaoh one snow reportedly said, my sense is rather than grousing with the winning formula, people ought to learn from them.
Yeah, let's have all Nazi news networks. Tony, that sounds like a great idea.
Think Progress takes note of task for claiming that his former boss George W. Bush is not the type to dis-depress by reprinting an old picture of Bush holding a copy of Bernard Goldberg's anti-media-screed bias which Bill Press said at the time was a message to the media.
According to media beastro snow remained remarkably on message during the interview.
The site reports a magazine head who currently heads up corporate communications at a major media conglomerate. Marvel the was after the interview. I was fascinated by all the questions which snow said, I don't know too.
In communications, you're supposed to have the answer for everything to us. Snow's question mark makes him seem uninformed like a Fox uninformed like a Fox.
Got it? Got it.
Like one of our management types like a Fox dangerous.
Anyway, we got a thousand twenty two votes on the pool.
1200 seems well within our grasp as if this broad sends me one more email about the ownership of that car.
Oh, look at that. The facts receipts as 2004 and 2007. Oh, sorry, my apologies, it does read 2007.
I will forward it to head office today again. My apologies. Thanks. You bitch. How do you like that? My apologies.
It says 2004. My ass. Okay. What is wrong with you, honey? You bitch. You splut. You whore.
Do you know what you reminds me of? Another choice.
You made it a stage. You made it a stage, honey. You made it a stage, honey.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Look at those gay Republicans, those righteous the allugians, who sit upon the right finger of fries.
I mean them gay Republicans, these things, my little Republicans, struggling in between each other's ties.
Frighteous and boring, so they say they are. They like to go full and smoke up into the garden.
These guys are down upon their knees, crawling around so they can see and glance from under the toilet stall.
Who asked if they could have them all?
Oh, who are? What would Jesus do? Those gay Republicans who know what's best for you?
They tell you what to do. Look at those gay Republicans and you morons who talk to them.
They intimidate, they tie their killings to. They're just some gay Republicans,
they're hating games who decide you're men. Just two, that they say not as they do.
If the critical fate is claiming home miles, religious haters, then they're married, you know.
Or their life's just a side, it's best they become protein to win jazz.
So they drop their pants and take a chance to take a glance at another man's plan. Or maybe tap a shoe.
Those gay Republicans who know what's best for you, they tell you what to do.
I am not gay.
Senator Larry Craig.
I am gay.
Get open your eyes and move around.
What these guys have in their mouth, gay Republicans, they know what's best for you.
They tell you what to do.
Absolutely.
How about those gay Republicans? How would you have a dumb or that please got a man up in the old fascist rise?
I mean those outstanding Christian youths, he's corporately an important man.
Looking for a home to place their fire. Those screaming, claiming home miles, religious trolls, you're right.
Welcome.
Trump on 2560 WQM. Welcome on Halloween. No less.
Don't eat that caramel corn.
Or what? Not caramel corn. What is it?
Candy corn. Candy corn.
Caramel corn, something else I do like that.
Those, that's good.
Mmm. Well I could eat a whole big can of that or bag or sack or a trough.
Or tin can, right?
I think I'm going to be a tin.
That's right.
And what's some of the other stuff is very similar. What do they call it?
Um, poppycock?
Yes.
I don't think we can say that.
Poppy, right?
Poppy seeds.
And then there's several different kinds of cr... not crispy crout.
Fiddle faddle.
Fiddle faddle. There you go.
Fiddle faddle.
You say that either.
What's one that's got the sailor kit on it?
Old old old one. Old spice. No.
By the way if there's anybody out there, any guys who use old spice, we're going to shoot you.
Okay.
Man you talk about a generic nasty smell and oh brother.
It seems to me that the only kind of guys that would use old spice would be like filthy truck driving kind of guys.
We have a lot of truck drivers who listen.
We're not insulting them but I'm talking about filthy truck driver guys who never shower.
You know, never bathed and just splice it on over their stench to cover it up.
You know what I mean by that?
Mm-hmm.
You know what I mean because you're both fat.
You know exactly what I'm talking about.
The fat guy shower.
You sweating a little bit. You put a little column on them.
Oh god.
Ah!
Cracker jacks.
Cracker jacks.
And of course how can we forget old crack it up?
Take me out too. Let's see. I should probably play that.
The ball game.
By the way any interest in the Marlins? No.
Nice going over there across the street.
Nice going to all another tremendous coup.
Take it to Marlins.
A 1.1.
A 1.1 in the night time in the summer book.
Love me, Hilario!
A 1.
A 2.
A 3.
Take me out to the ball game.
Take me out to the crowd.
Why be something a tank rash?
Good jacks.
I don't care if I ever get back always rude.
We're good for the comedy.
If they go with it so shame.
A 1.
2.
3.
Go out and be old.
Oh, get it!
Now you notice the cuffs and sputters.
The pretensive actually going somewhere and doing something with past scenes.
Stunk the joint out eventually like they always do.
And I think they deserve it because the organization from Mr. Riggly,
what on Dottick Niggas, chewing gum and sticking the leg.
Correct them.
When Harry Carey died, what they should have done instead of having all these losers come on during the summer thing stretch.
They've got the recording of him singing and taking me out to the ball game.
Don't you think it would have been appropriate and a lot of fun if they just would have played him singing it forever and ever.
It would really feel like they used to do with Kate Smith at the Flyer Games.
Sure, why not?
It's embarrassing when they bring down. It doesn't even know the words.
They've all these losers that come on there and like mangling and butchering and like trying to be a clever and funny and amusing and they suck.
You know, like when Bill Murray comes out there?
No, I don't like when Bill Murray comes on. That's exactly who I was thinking of.
I didn't want to say it because I like Bill Murray but I don't like even though he's a big cubs fan.
He has no business. He ain't no Harry Carey, okay? And either is anybody else.
Farbis and a cubs are going to say, you deserve to go over 162 next year.
You and your stinking cubs. Oh, I do enjoy Riggly feel a lot. Have you ever been there?
I haven't. No, I haven't.
Wow, you enjoy that place.
I've actually haven't been to Chicago, sir.
Oh!
My God, another parochial South Luridine. Where the hell have you been? Have you been to Boston?
I've been to Boston. I've been all the way up to Maine on the East Coast.
I've been out west driving as far as Michigan. I've been to Detroit.
I've driven through Detroit on the way to Michigan.
Good, fast, I hope. Drought in real fast when you go through there.
Yeah, we just hit the border.
Yeah, it's so fort expressway and then get on the John Lodge and floor it.
Yeah, and I've been to, I've been to about a third of the U.S.
No, I've part almost a half of the U.S. already.
I just really never been to LA.
LA?
I've not been to LA. I've been to...
How are you going there?
Nobody speaks English.
It's Northern LA, as you know.
We use the following.
Why?
So in LA, it's not a place that's like, you know, appealing to me.
Maybe San Diego, but LA.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've been everywhere, man.
I've never liked to have my share, man.
How about Niagara Falls? Ever been to Canada?
Yes.
You have been Niagara Falls.
Yes, stayed on the Canadian side and then...
I was hoping you would visit the castle.
Yeah, I feel like Niagara Falls.
What do they call it? The horseshoe Falls and the Rainbow Falls.
Horsehoe.
Horseman.
There was some big flap there in the day.
I was going to sneeze, but I don't think I'm going to do it.
Do you have to look at the light?
What does that mean? Look at the light.
Supposedly, if you look at like a light, like a light bulb type thing, you know,
it keeps you from sneezing.
I don't want to keep from sneezing.
I wanted to get rid of it.
I wanted to sneeze, man.
I wanted to down sneeze it out.
But at any rate, I have to listen.
When you get to be lying, sneezing is like a tremendous thrill, you know.
Well, that's the closest thing to a orgasm.
Exactly. It's one of the great stimulations when you sneeze.
It's to get to be this old, because orgasm is something from the distant past.
1033 on a pool.
These guys say we're going to make 1200 a day and I think they've got a point.
We might do it.
I don't know.
We're going to do it.
Come on.
So you've been to where the...
Anyway, there was a promotional thing for America in the 7 or the 13 or...
Well, whatever the hell was, great wonders of America and all these landmarks.
And they showed the American side of Niagara Falls, but unfortunately for them in the presentation,
they showed the Canadian side, the good falls.
The American falls is like...
You could fill up the bathtub and have about the same effect as the American falls.
It's very boring.
It's very small and nobody goes to see it.
The real Niagara Falls is on a Canadian side.
Not that, you know, it makes any difference.
It just happens to me.
It's an accident in geography, okay?
And in this presentation, the propaganda is from the US showed a big chunk of the Canadian falls and everybody's all pissed off, you know?
Oh, I guess who's here in Toronto today?
Who?
Hello, Dolly.
The Dolly Lama, baby.
Hey, I've seen him speak before.
Why?
Why nobody who would go to see the Dolly Lama would ask them one question.
Why?
Why not?
The American public would say they're not going to vote for them.
It was not the knockdown dragout so many predicted, but it was pointed.
John Edwards, wheeled to the sharpest blade standing by his accusation of double talk.
Senator Clinton says that she believes she can be the candidate for change, but she defends a broken system that's corrupt in Washington.
They say she says she will in the war, but she continues to say she'll keep combat trips in Iraq and continue to come there.
Look, the fear she's given him like you're looking at.
It's an edge tour, but Clinton played the frontrunners game refusing to engage with her democratic opponents.
She was aiming higher because I have stood against George Bush and his name.
Oh, yeah, likely story, honey.
Likely story.
But anyway, you know, she's been a good and let's hope that the Republicans put up like hiding minutiae somebody like that who couldn't win a face delusion because they know how to fix him.
Let's hope they put up Rudy Giuliani with his 85 divorces.
This Chris Dodd, man, he looks good.
He looks presentation. He says all the right things. He's a brilliant guy. He knows what he's talking about and he's got no chance.
And then his little Dennis Cassini's here who comes up to their like, you know, to their armpit and Philadelphia.
It's bothering you.
Police in the United States say a boy playing with matches has admitted to accidentally starting one of those massive fires in Southern California.
Definitely Al Qaeda. No question about it.
Another one of those young terrorists.
Another suicide bomber. No doubt.
You know, that kind of looks like you can be Al Qaeda.
Oh, yeah. I think Zach is Al Qaeda. He pretends to be Jewish, but I think he's Al Qaeda.
Nope. Just Jewish.
No. Al Qaeda.
And Jew Qaeda.
That's the Al Goldstein.
Polish Prime Minister Desiglio Donald Tusk said his future government would seek to win the nation's military mission in Iraq next year according to an interview published today.
The Polish are pulling out.
Poland has stalked you. I sent combat troops to the 2000 war in a three war in Iraq and still has some 900 soldiers stationed in the southeast despite public displeasure with the mission.
Polish troops now primarily train Iraqi forces and renovate schools and hospitals.
We want to finish the mission in this form in 2008. Tusk was quoted as saying by the Daily Polska. He did not elaborate as in Potska Polska.
You know something I think in my old age. I'm going to take that up again.
When you get to be an old fart, you revert to like your childhood again. I'm going to start collecting stamps again.
You're going to go trick a trading cutter?
No, I'm not.
Trick part sounds good, but I ain't going to happen for me. But anyway, what do you think about that stamp collecting?
What does that call the kids still do that anymore? What?
What is it called when you're a stamp collector?
Flattily.
What?
Numerous Maddox's clean collecting. Flattily is stamp collecting.
Sounds good.
Well, what are you in the scene? Never winded that?
I think I collected stamps kind of. I think my parents were like, oh here, look, you know, collect this. I'm like, oh yeah, fine, whatever.
I'm going to find those magazines where you get like 500 stamps for 25.
Yeah, probably not for like 50 bucks. You get like 10 stamps, you know.
For the 41 cents now, first stamp.
You're asking?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll send it out to the same email.
Yeah, who the hell uses stamps anymore? I got a post as a meter at the house.
Must be nice.
Not exciting. And here I got my conoch stamp, say.
My Canadian stamps, which is a similar down there. I got to use two of them for Christ's sakes. Really bad.
1036 votes on the poll. How much of the Neil Roger showed you listened to?
As much as I can stomach would have been a good choice. Well, that's not good.
All of it. I'm an addict. I can't quit 295. Almost 30% for Christ's sakes.
Not 30, man.
None of it, but I still check and Neil's website 160, 15.4%. That number keeps going down because it's a ball-faced lie anyway.
We don't care. Stay on the website. Eric likes it.
A half hour more or less, 151. Hopefully more or not less.
Two hours, 150. Just long enough here if the old code is still live, 89.
Three hours, 83.
You'll never last a week in this town, Rogers.
Yeah, there are all those guys did.
Here we are 31 and a half years later. All those old detractors from the really KAT days.
They're all dead. They're all pushing up daisies, baby. I love it.
Hubman Drared.
Three hours, 83. All of it. And I listened to a part of it on the archive, 64.
The one to two hour only, 16. The ten to eleven hour only, 16.
The twelve to one hour only, 10. Like now. And the eleven to twelve hour only, only two.
Solomentate dose and the eleven to new hour.
Which does that mean? I don't know what that means. You can look at that any way you want.
That's kind of meaningless. But the good part of it is we got a thousand and what?
Forty votes as we continue pumping out the numbers, baby.
Mailing right now.
Stop on us, narrowed in.
Fortlegal 5. Sixty QAM.
Naked. Fort. Later.
Walk solid.
We could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kiss his butt.
Yeah, on a mountain road and a run down.
Shack, you got your two beds and billy right and tap his back.
Just to sell up the fray in the Christian way, after hanging up the failure that they thought was gay.
Life cried like a rabble, but the town's gonna do some man for it's end.
Oh!
Fail is ACM, baby.
So it's pumping out the pit in the fine church, going dresses like it is split.
At the first back the spirit comes and out of the green.
They got the light cranking out, meant the pet up me.
So fly a flag like a rabble, but the town's gonna do it some man for it's end.
So freak out.
Staying like a cradle hits down.
Breathe as much as your rabble moves around.
Your baby sister looks good and be proud.
And do like Jesus would.
Fly a flag like a rabble, while the town's gonna do it some man for it's end.
Anything's that's end.
It's Christian, well you know the gator only knew the ingredient, bread and dung.
Can't spell the words, that figure is for it, based on those on new books, the name of their lore.
Education is a devil, and it's a town's gonna do it some man for it's end.
Judges today is coming down the track for this time with the brutal boys and gals taken their lives.
Can't get any dumb or dense, other pride, grateful, trod, or sin and chubbies.
Jesus Christ.
Holy ho, I be proud.
You're 25% of me loud.
When debating, if you're sent to look around, or from hold the interval down.
You pants the pre-mortem, have another butk, because self-sorting, do it some man.
Or it's a...
Call 19 at 560 WDQ and we got Mad Dog coming up at 2.
The hopper is here today also, and we got after 7 o'clock, shut it off.
An explosive monologue, when basing President Bush and the Pentagon,
is ignorant for implementing a policy of using private security firms as protects for troops in Iraq.
CNN's Lou Dobbs said the US military should be mortified and embarrassed.
The extended outbursts followed the story from the network's Jamie McIntyre reported that US Army Brigadier General Jeffrey Dorco,
won an appropriate name, General Jeffrey Dorco, was wounded in Iraq on Monday when his vehicle was hit by an IED explosion.
He is the highest ranking officer yet injured in such an accident.
He was in a convoy that was protected by a private security firm,
one indication of the overstretched US troops said McIntyre,
who noted that the security contractor in question was a British firm and not affiliated with Blackwater.
A Brigadier General, US military forces in a convoy protected by a private security contractor,
ASTOMS, and indication of how stretched it's also an indication of how just ignorant the Pentagon leadership is.
The general staff is this President, this commander-in-chief and the civilian leadership that we have,
US military being protected by private security forces are, is V.
His voice rising, Dobbs blamed senior military leaders for making a grave error in judgment in his opinion.
Is there any sense of shame and embarrassment in the Pentagon he asked?
When McIntyre pointed out that many private contractors are themselves from the US military,
veterans Dobbs cut him off.
I don't care what their former Dobbs said,
they are private security forces being employed to protect men and women in uniform,
who are making a heck of a lot less money than they are to put their lives on the line in combat.
This is obscene, Jamie.
All I'm saying is the United States military leadership should be mortified and embarrassed to continue later.
Told by McIntyre that the Pentagon hasn't yet made any apologies for their policy,
Dobbs called on President Bush to do so.
Well then we have a President who needs to reverse course on this policy.
This is utter complete shameless disrespect for every tradition and value of this country he said.
And frankly in my opinion, Dobbs told McIntyre was reporting from the Pentagon,
it's an absolute disregard for the values of the men and women who have served in that very building that you're reporting from.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Right, like I said, absolute.
1060 on a poll.
I don't know what 1070 on the dial was.
1050 was WMGN, WHN.
Zach remembers that from his New York days.
Oh yeah.
And I have any New York days.
So you are born in Florida?
Yes.
Born out here, parents, both born in New York.
Brooklyn actually.
Brooklyn.
Oh, I have figures.
Jews from Brooklyn.
Have actually you been in New York many times?
Oh yeah, I have.
Because when I think about New Yorkers, men, they go back over and over again to get a taste of whatever was that they miss.
That's exactly what we go up for.
My dad has to hit Coney Island to get a hot boat from Nathan's and then Kat's deli to get some deli in the afternoon.
Where the hell are the good delis, gum?
Where have all the delis, gum?
By the way, did the chicken heck respond you with a window or did you not ask him?
He's not in the window.
He's not in the window?
Nope.
Maybe he's jumping out the window with Kurt Cobain's kid.
I mean, what's that all about?
I don't have no discs for this week.
Why sure?
Hope chicken heck didn't like have some bad accident.
Maybe he's on the way to the station to beat up Joe Bell because he can't get his money out of these bastards.
Maybe him and Georgia hanging out.
That's possible but highly unlikely.
Although they do a consort, they do confangulate every now and then.
Yes, they do.
Unlike me and George, which I never see him.
Even when I was there, I...
Like George always says, all these people who come to the princess,
oh you and Neil must spend a lot of time together.
No, none.
Zero.
Not that we don't like each other, but it's just, well, I'm used to, you know.
What do I have in common with him?
You're both on the radio.
That's it.
You work together for like 17 years, whatever it's been, but you know, have nothing in common.
Does it make us enemies or hate each other like that, but we just don't have any, you know.
We don't travel in the same circles, okay?
Okay.
But he and chicken heck, for example, they both had their share of tourists.
Not that I don't have my tourists, but it's of a different nature, you know.
I think most of mine is self-induced.
You know what I mean by that?
I think I create my own problems.
A lot of people are like that.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I don't have to make a big semi-summit out of minor things that shouldn't influence me.
I should just go ahead and live my life and other people, you know, the Comsi Comsa.
Whatever case Saras Sarai, you know, I go as they said.
Case Saras Sarai.
Now what movie was that in?
I don't know about a book.
I'll give you a book.
What book is your showtup, so I'm asking him.
I asked him if he sent me the stuff because I didn't get it yesterday, which I used to get it on Tuesday.
And so far today the phone has remained with the message.
We have a package out here for you.
Mr. Schmickle.
He says his disc is downstairs.
Is downstairs here?
We'll find out.
What does that mean?
His disc is downstairs.
I'm asking.
What does that mean?
You mean downstairs here?
I'm asking him Toronto or Florida.
Yeah.
Well, what does that mean, chicken?
Come on.
He says it's in Toronto.
Okay. Well, just relax then.
How does he know it's here then?
Oh, because you want to know why?
Because you can track your package.
Correct.
And it shows deliver to...
Well, they just probably didn't call it yet.
I'll go down there and get it when I feel like it.
Maybe during, in fact, now I'll go down and get it.
And then you guys can fill the next half hour.
I'll just walk down the stairs.
Oh, yeah.
I'm only nine floors up.
You know, let's say 18 stories.
We had a lot of stories, baby.
In the magic city, we got 1061 on the pool.
We're going for 1200 today, which would be a real feather in our ass.
Let me tell you the way.
Where are the FedEx?
You have it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What did I just get through saying that he's tracking it on FedEx?
FedEx is great, by the way.
I love FedEx and I love UPS, man.
Those two are great.
DHL?
Yeah, they're getting better.
Yeah.
They're okay.
Yeah.
1061 on the survey.
About how much, hopefully, we'll have a better pool tomorrow.
Brandon's probably out to lunch, so I won't say I already said him a message.
Resend me the polls that you suggested because I think I lost that email.
Maybe I deleted it or it's like, I don't know.
I got such a pile here, especially from Charlie B.
And now from a shron.
So it's not that we haven't assured it's a pool idea is here because you know what we send in every day.
We mail it in that pool, man.
Give it those numbers and read it over and over and over again.
I bet you're fully don't read the pool numbers.
He's got important guests on there like FedEx, Deb Bush and people like that.
Speaking of numbers, I was your blood sugar, don't.
All right.
I'll read you right over here.
Get my aspiratus, okay?
Now, do you, are you one of these people that's like, uh, wussy about blood, about drawing blood?
No.
Okay.
Maybe a little.
Oh, really?
Well, you know, when you take your blood sugars, you have to do like a little prickening into your finger.
I hate that.
Do you?
You have to see all the marks, all the, uh, on tips of my fingers.
So that always do it on my right hand and it's not a good idea.
I should probably start at just the angle, you know what I mean?
I should probably start at just the angle.
Oh, 14.8.
Okay, 266.
Not too bad.
Not too, not too good.
Better than that.
I could do 76 and actually gone down since the start of the show.
How do you like that, Mr. and Mrs. America, huh?
Yeah.
Less stress.
The Iraq has a calming effect on that.
I have that.
Yeah, you're a very, uh, that voice.
It's a throaty, very calming voice.
Very coma, coma inducing, I think.
That's right.
I just coma inducing it some morning shows, the ones that have like 8,000 lives, spots, but nevertheless.
Now, so what's your take on that?
Do you think I'm exaggerating?
Because you're, you ought to defend your buddy Joe.
I'm not trying to knock him.
I love Joe, but you think I'm over the top with that?
No.
I've had meetings with the people in the back before.
And about what?
About all the spots?
About the fact that they hired me to produce the show and it's tough to produce it when I have so many commercials and spots.
What do they say?
What about it?
What?
We'll work on it.
We'll get it done.
And you believe that?
No.
And you believe there's anybody else?
Who do you think?
Stop this guy's talent.
Give us their money.
Give us your effort.
Money man.
Give us your money.
For its leader.
Who's gonna give Ricky a blow?
Hey basketball fans.
What could be better than watching your favorite players slam dunk?
How about watching them get dunked in the slammer?
You can with the all new NBA criminally.
Yes, all your favorite players on the court are now in court.
This could be Brian, Darrow Armstrong, Damon Stoutemire, Glenn Robinson, Chris Weber, Jerry Stackhaus.
And of course, Alan Iverson.
I've heard you've got any scores?
When all the NBA superstars are in lockdown, the action is locked up.
The NBA criminally.
I'll tell you what this much talent is.
It's gonna be able to pick the NVP for the most violent prisoner.
Oh, detective.
They've gone from committing files to committing felonies.
And you can be a material witness to all the drama with the NBA criminally.
See, Dan Verne?
That's what I call a dead ball.
The NBA criminally.
I love these youngsters.
Call 32 at 560, everybody can't even don't forget if you like the NBA a lot.
Tune in the, whatever that show is.
Big dog and jack show 7 to 10 in the morning.
They are very intensive.
My right job.
Is that what every name is?
Yes.
Josh Cortis will be back tomorrow with us by the way.
To eat.
We believe so, yeah.
What does that mean?
Well, you never know with this place.
But he's never back or not?
Yeah, I've never dropped my T-side, you know.
He's gone from tomorrow, yeah.
Yeah.
The other Josh.
Are you picking on clearance again?
I would never do that. He's my boss.
Good.
Keep doing it.
I'll let him in.
I'll let him in.
I'll let him in.
I don't mean figuratively.
I mean, literally.
Go on his little orifice there and grab a hold on both of you guys and treat him like a Thanksgiving wishbone.
It's almost Thanksgiving time.
We're not that far away.
It's only about a month away.
Grab one leg.
You grab one leg and then exact grab the other one and just...
Pull in different directions and rip it his ass apart.
Okay.
That sound like a plan?
Oh, yeah.
That's the only salvation we got at QM is to get rid of him, man.
He's got to go.
Somebody take him out.
I don't mean out to lunch about it.
They're just take him out.
Fox News is Bill O'Reilly.
Host of the O'Reilly Factory appears on ABC's Good Morning America to promote his new book Kids Are Americans 2.
Written over the course of at least one sleepless night.
O'Reilly professes to have been a little thug as a child, according to...
Accordingly sent to a private school by his father to be whipped into shape in ways including strict formal dress code and a Paul Ankeh hairstyle.
Having briefly been a high school teacher O'Reilly gives us a take on what is transpiring in American classrooms today, what he calls a culture war.
A teacher can walk in and say, you pray right now and the teacher gets fired.
On the other hand says O'Reilly, a teacher can walk in and say your country is evil, America is evil, nothing will happen to the teacher.
O'Reilly and host I answer on agreement that today's youth are unacceptably dressed indicators of this include the flotting of low hanging pants and burkas.
Burkas O'Reilly says are an imposition of one's religion on others, but walking into the classroom and saying, you pray right now would not be I guess.
He eludes to such an expression religion as a path to chaos in the classroom and an acceptable loss that the discretion of school administration.
The incorrectness says O'Reilly of the rights of students, parents and teachers should be factored in when crafting school policy.
One recently adopted by King Middle School in Portland, Maine makes contraceptives available as students as young as 11 years old or righty regards that policy is an enticement into sexual activity.
It's just a wild zone where nobody knows what the rules are, complaints are widely of the Pubex school experience. It's a wild zone.
Let's spend some time on a wild side on a wild zone, what do you say?
I'm ready.
Major A-hole. What's this that you just faked?
Oh no! On this station you think I'm going to read this over a third of former American football players had sexual relations with men, study claims.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Like I said, send me another hundred pages of this.
I thought you might like that.
How many pages are there? Oh there's two. Two.
Solamente dos. Good. This is from a science daily.
A study of former high school American football players has found that more than a third said they had sexual relations with other men.
Oh my god.
Other men. You ferry.
In a study of homosexuality among sportsmen in the US sociologist Dr. Eric Anderson found that 19 out of a sample of 47 had taken part in acts intended to sexually arouse other men ranging from kissing to mutual masturbation and oral sex.
The 47 men aged 18 to 23 were all American football players who previously played at the high school level, but it failed to be picked for the university's team and were now cheerleaders instead.
Oh yeah.
They were at various universities from the American South Midwest and Northwest.
Dr. Anderson now of the University of Bath, UK said the study showed that society's increasing open-mindedness about homosexuality and decreasing stigma concerning sexual activity with other men had allowed sportsmen to speak more openly about sex.
He said that the sex act described different acts of hazing or team bonding that often include pretend homosexual acts.
A little bit.
The evidence supports my assertion that homophobies on the rapid decline among male team sport athletes in North America, all of us are play he writes in a study titled, being masculine is not about whom you sleep with, heterosexual athletes, contesting masculinity in the one time rule of homosexuality.
It will be published in the journal Sex Rules in January.
These findings different from previous research on North American men who have sex with men in several ways.
First, previous research describes heterosexual men in heterogeneous group sex as men symbolically engaging in sexual practices with other men.
However, I find informants actually engage in sexual activity with other men, but this doesn't mean that they are gay.
Second, my informants do not feel that their same type of George would have a field they were arguing with that.
Oh no, you're wrong.
Second, my informants do not feel that their same sex jeopardizes their socially perceived heterosexual identities, at least within the cheerleading culture.
In other words, having gay sex does not automatically make them gay and masculine peer culture.
If you see a male cheerly, don't you think-
You're a failure.
Yes.
Often, not always, but often.
Dr. Anderson, the University's Department of Education, said the same situation was also true for the UK, he believes the positive portrayal of homosexuality on television,
and the ease with which homosexual could gradually come out by using the internet, the ability for a straight man to talk with gay men on the internet, and that a kind of religious fundamentalism has made homosexuality and homosexual acts considerably less controversial for university-aged men.
This had made revealing the fact that they engaged in homosexual acts easier.
He said the study wasn't biased by talking to sportsmen or now cheerleaders, which has often seen as a feminine activity.
Those the interviewed were selected to represent men who considered themselves traditionally masculine, typical American football players, macho man-baby, macho, not as much as me, but close.
Dr. Anderson was the first openly gay male high school sports coach in the USA. He left coaching after one of his students was assaulted because it was assumed that he was gay.
Dr. Anderson is now working in the field of sports sociology at the University of Bath as the author of In the Game Gay Athletes and the Cult of Masculinity.
Man had traditionally been reluctant to do anything associated with homosexuality because they feared being perceived gay. He said it has been pressure on them to conform to the notion of being male is about having traditionally masculine traits in terms of dress, behaviors, and sexual activities.
Yes, if you have a nice dress.
But as more men are open about their very varieties of sexuality, it becomes less stigmatized to be gay or to have sex with men. It's increasingly not a problem to act in otherwise non-traditional ways.
I see this in other areas of my research too, including how men behave in straight night clubs, where I find that university age men dance as much with each other than with women and how heterosexual men are increasingly freed where clothing styles or colors that were once taboo for them, like maybe pink with purple polka dots.
This isn't something that would happen 10 or 20 years ago. Times are changing and they're changing rapidly for men of the age, says the study.
I don't know how to do that. You don't do that. Move over, we're taking over, we're taking it over.
Look at that pool, 10809. I think you're in the ballpark, I think you got it made 1.4 minutes to get to 1200. No problem.
Piece of cake, baby. Should have said piece of cake because of a chocolate cake. Zach's running to the thing that he gets a plastic fork.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Exactly.
1080 on your A&Dile.
So we need another 110 vote. Oh, that's easy. We've got hour and 21 minutes to do it. Yeah, we can do that.
Little boy.
Oh no!
Yes.
Where are we going to read?
That Osama married Saddam.
And Elvis lives in his car.
And the big boy lives in France.
Every time I chip down my groceries, you always make my day.
Look, Hillary adopted an alien baby. And there's a bad boy who lives in a game.
So, good bye, we will do when the headlines made us all how.
The only thing I will be proud is throwing you the towel.
No straddle is spent by us and a photo boy. I'm gonna miss it.
I got to.
You're fairly.
So now where can I read all the future lines without the weekly world news?
Yeah.
1245 at 560 WPM. Speaking of diabetes, I know I'm not taking my blood sugar again right now. Maybe in a few minutes.
Okay.
But I got this from CNN of Fandia.
What does it say, America's 20 million plus diabetes mean dollar signs for drug companies that sell a slew of new products, including successful drug based on the saliva of a heala monster.
And a failed in an inhalation device that's been compared to a bomb.
Say a bomb?
Bong.
Oh, let me say dong.
I didn't say ding dong, which is there. I said, bong would be as embassured, as in bitch, as in volishment.
The diabetes epidemic is expanding in step of the nation's aging population.
Oi!
And it's widening waistlines.
Obesity is the leading cause of disease and more than 60% of Americans are considered obese.
Josh.
I mean, a zack and the Chris.
How come I keep calling you Josh?
That's weird, because that's my brothers name.
Well, there you go.
It's like my father and my mother when they call my name.
Giving rise to a new word that Dr. Slang, diabetes.
Diabesity.
Diabesity.
Did you ever hear that one?
No.
I wish to hell.
You had one of those of the blood sugar testing things there, and we could put a little prick on the zack's finger.
And probably Chris too, I would be surprised.
Why do you get off the hook?
Fatso.
Weight loss can be an effective way to prevent and treat type 2 diabetes.
The most common form of the disease, but many diabetics, instead fight the disease with drugs.
Throogs, baby.
I'm going to start taking a lot of drugs.
Some of the drug's treat hard conditions that are related to diabetes such as high cholesterol.
Among the most popular are cholesterol cutting statins.
Don't take them, they'll kill you.
Statins like Pfizer's lipitor, the top-selling drug in the world, with nearly $13 billion in sales in 2006.
Lipitor.
This is the doctors.
The doctors have been brainwashed.
They've been paid off.
They've been pressured to push all these statin drugs, and they're bad for you, man.
All this cholesterol crap.
It's just another, you know.
It's the Quack Remedy Deusur.
But other drugs such as the pills actose from tequita and evandia from Galaxia Smith's client,
and the injectable drugs, baiera from Amelene Eli Lilly, or Eli Lilly.
How's that philidomyod doing?
Treat the disease more directly by controlling blood sugar levels.
Diabetics have difficulty producing insulin or processing insulin that their bodies produce
or both insulin as a hormone that helps the body converts blood sugar into energy.
Diabetics have been injecting insulin as they tried and true treatment since the 20s.
Nure products help diabetics control blood sugar levels, baiera works by signaling the pancreas
to produce the right amount of insulin after eating.
Not only did diabetics sometimes have trouble producing insulin naturally, but they also develop resistance to it.
Actose and evandia work by reducing that resistance.
But Galaxia's blockbuster drug ovandia, which served on $3 billion in 2006 sales, came under fire in May.
That's when the New England Journal of Medicine published a report from Dr. Steve Nissen,
chief cardiologist of the Cleveland Clinic of Elinctivandia,
to an increased risk of heart attacks.
Much of Nissen's data was based on studies conducted by Galaxia.
Increased risk of heart attacks, do you hear that?
Yes.
The British drug maker of Laxia, attacked the integrity of the study for being a meta-analysis of previous studies
rather than studying its own right.
And this goes on and on about how much money this one made and how much money that one made.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Fortunately for diabetics, there are other choices for controlling blood sugar.
Since it was approved for the US market in 2005, diabetics have been injecting baiera, and never heard of it.
A drug based on the saliva of the helamonstrate, rare venomous lizard from the American Southwest and Mexico.
In its two years on the market, baiera has yet to be hit by a farce-dermal allegations over side effects.
Baiena sales are growing rapidly, with Eli Lillian company reporting a 30%
of the third quarter to 165 million bucks.
Also, the companies are working on a more advanced version of the drug called Baien-LAR in the effort to keep sales growing.
Genuvia, a pill from Jersey-based Merkin company, is the newest infant of the diabetes field.
Like the other drugs that controls blood sugar levels, and is only used by diabetics with type 2 diabetes like me,
which generally emerges in results in adults as a result of obesity.
Genuvia's growth has been rapid since the drug was launched in the US market October 2006.
Sales for Genuvia, so here we go again.
I don't care about 200 million in the third quarter, I'll sell the money.
That's all they give or crap about.
The world is all about money, baby. Money and oil and the crazy crap.
Good life spots.
And life's that's right. Well, that's money, baby. Money, MO and EY, give me some more effing money.
That's what the whole, the evils of the world is all about.
Money and crazy religion is peddling a snake well for money.
One moment please whistle a tune for a second.
I actually like the whistle.
I like the music. I could do that sometimes.
So you're ready Chris.
Okay.
The whistleor knows, or I mean the shadow knows, well, the Mount Cranston.
Whatever it is I remember.
Wait before your time.
The shadow knows when radio was like, you know, innovative, creative.
When you sit around your radio and there was no TV, can you even imagine either one of you, no television?
No way.
No.
No internet?
No internet.
No internet.
What'd you guys do back then?
Look at around a lot.
1114 votes on the pool.
Oh yeah, we're going to make your 1200 easy.
I think.
I shouldn't say that.
That's always a bad idea to say that.
We're going to make it a religionist.
On Halloween no less, Wicked and High priest, L. Wood, Bunky Bartlett, who won an estimated $49 million in the Maryland lottery last month,
intends to use his money to set up a school for witches, a real life hog warts.
Bartlett who formerly operated a bookkeeping service as the winning ticket came to him after he promised the powers that be, that he would use his winnings to put his job in Teachful time.
He told his associate a press that a school will teach not just about Wicked, but also about multiple spiritual traditions as well as offering training and practical skills like financial management.
Bartlett has already contributed to a special Olympics event to mystical voyage, a new age chap where he currently teaches, and to a stone hinge for a reservation group in England.
School for witches, baby, on Halloween, I love it.
Which which, and of course the one thing about the Wicked is they don't bother anybody.
I'm like most of the other religions.
They're not in the ligament, like the other religions are.
They allow you to do stuff to me?
Like the Born Again Christians and the Muslims and the Orthodox Jews and the far-bisoned Catholics, people like that, who want to like, you know, bomb abortion clinics and stone to that home always and things like that.
For fun, you know, kill some good time.
Yeah, why not?
They wanted to have that gay, I think they canceled it, I'm not really sure.
I saw something about it and I thought, well, Hubman dreared, you know.
They wanted to have a gay, primiting in Jerusalem again this year at Tel Aviv and the Orthodox day went H mid-man.
Oh, you're going to kill everybody, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, like that.
Nothing like the Orthodox Jews, I sure hope your family are Orthodox, Zach.
No, they're not.
Although I do have a bunch of Israeli families.
Yes, he is?
Oh yeah, they're bad.
You have a bunch of them where?
Down here, they lived down here, but they're all from Israel. They all moved down here.
You mean you're relatives?
Yes, very, the core family.
What are they doing there? They like Israel so much.
Like I used to say to my father all the time, who was a crazed Zionist.
If it's so wonderful over there, what the hell you keep schlepping back to Florida for, you crazy old bastard you.
Funny, that's what my dad says to my uncle all the time.
Yeah, if it's so great there, what the hell are you doing here?
Then stop trying to kosher the house, by the way.
That's the worst.
If they try to do that to you?
Oh God, when we come out of her dinner, we used to go there for the Jewish holidays every once in a while and that's what I'm saying.
After a while, it was just like goodness gracious.
Oi, oi.
Marul Hator, anoy, yari, yari, yari.
All the religions all the time, man.
It's the evil of the world and nobody's supposed to say that because it's bad for business, you know.
Or you're going to offend somebody well good. It's about, they're offending me. Let me tell you that.
They're sure as hell offending me.
By their hate and their bigotry and their stupidity and by their money grabbing and all the other crap that goes on.
All the Lord says, that's why people ought to be watching that clip zeitgeist that we have on our home page, that movie.
Zitegeist, the movie. Have you watched it?
I have no. I have no.
Well you better watch it, mister.
What do you mean parts of it? What the hell is that all about? Parts of it?
I'll watch StarVitten and I'll end up doing something else and something else.
Well watch it all, okay. That's an assignment.
I don't give too many assignments how to show like we're in school, like we're in Dingdong School or something.
If you want Dingdong School, Clarence can handle that.
Do they still have Dingdong School for the morning show? They do that?
Sure. What's that? They do?
What do you think about that?
Dingdong School, we call it sarcasticly.
Like Francis Hurley, who used to have a show on TV a hundred years ago called Dingdong School.
She did. But anyway, it's when Clarence brings in the morning people and the producers and sits around and he brains storms with them and tells them I do this and don't do that.
Oh you mean like a meeting?
No, Dingdong School.
Or is he trying to teach her like an educational instructional meeting where Clarence does a thing for him?
Or Clarence plays butch boss and tries to tell the morning guys what to do.
And of course if the morning guys had any balls they get them and they punch them in a mouth and kick them in the nuts.
That's what I'm telling you Joe. Joe Rose ought to kick him in the nuts tomorrow.
I thought that I was supposed to do that.
Well and you too, you can line up right there with him. Double team.
And maybe give what's his name? Jason Schmendrick there to do it too.
Jason Jackson.
I know what his name is.
I'm embarrassed that you told me he likes this show because he might love this show.
He seems like a really nice guy. I'm from what you tell me and everything like that.
He goes to me yesterday.
Oh so Neil's not a fan of David Aldridge. Just starts laughing.
I'm not what?
A fan of David Aldridge.
I don't know who David Aldridge is.
Okay, excuse me. I never heard of David Aldridge. I'm not an NBA fan.
Excuse me.
You don't like the association?
In addition to the association.
They were playing some clips this morning. Some NBA cramp.
I have no idea what it was. Did you hear the Chris on the way in?
I didn't hear it. No.
It's just just a bunch of noise. You know.
I probably know something and sometimes that could be an improvement over the live spots.
It's a good point.
What do we got in there? You look like Joe Singh.
Now I don't want to interfere.
I'm one thing I'm very assiduously avoiding all the time for all these years.
As I don't step on anybody else's toes with their spots, with their sponsors.
Although Chippy kind of amuses me. It's not so much the name. It's the way that Joe says it.
Chippy.
Chippy boy.
Chippy boy.
But the way he sings.
Would you tell him it's headquarter and not headquarter?
How does he say headquarter?
Headquarter.
No, he doesn't say headquarter. He said headquarter.
I'm sorry.
He says it like he's illiterate and he's not illiterate, Joe.
Not totally.
He's not illiterate people on this station, but he's not one of them.
Maybe that's intentional.
I can't believe I got my attention.
Hey Joe.
The best out of the city.
Good evening Joe.
Say hi to Chippy.
Say hi to 5.60 QAM.
Thanks for the leader.
The one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
Lonely, but can't get to an airport in Benzroom.
Ben call 1900 Larry.
And you feel like you're in the next stall.
I'm a fairly white guy.
I call 1900 Larry.
Dear Lord.
I then describe my legs when I lower my pants.
How long before the honky hypocritical Larry Craig satisfies your every need?
Paul Menor too at the most.
Oh, he's good.
And how often should you call?
Almost weekly.
We agree.
So, resign yourself to your fantasies and call 1900 Larry.
Now, men whom may know women please.
I don't do those things.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
Okay, just reject.
There's a command performance.
I've played that again 20 or 30 times a star.
Just for you.
I love it.
And thank you so much for sharing your fat body with us these two days.
Because otherwise, it could have been the disaster.
It was my pleasure.
I mean, which would you rather be doing?
Me out there at Dolphin Camp with the O and eight dolphins
and listening to all the tales of wool?
Or would you rather be sitting there filling your fat face?
Filling my fat face.
Senator Larry Craig was...
Oh, that's another story.
102 at 560 WNF.
We've got a big...
I think it's because Zach is with us.
Don't you, Chris?
Oh, definitely.
That we have this tremendous response yesterday.
We got over 1100, which we never...
We had a bad star yesterday.
Today we had a pretty decent star.
We started over like six something.
I think we're 700?
Oh, yes, something like that.
Seven...something.
And now we got 1132, which means this arrow will go over the 1200.
Easy.
Piece of cake, I hope.
I sure don't want to say that.
And then, oh, well, he's got it made.
We didn't need our vote.
We need your votes.
We need your vote.
We need every vote.
Just like Barack Obama and Swillery and John Edwards and all those other goyms.
We need your votes.
And Chris Dodd.
For Chris Dodd, you know.
And even a little Dennis Cassini.
He just...he tells it exactly like it is.
But he's...he's got no credibility.
People look at him and they go...
Just like that, you know.
Robert Whitesill, speaking of crazy...religionists, far-bisoned goyms and others,
has a really great column here.
Is it too long for me to...
I got a couple of things here to start at a long.
Yeah, goyms only two.
What?
Yeah, goyms.
I'm going to...with your permission, of course.
Oh, okay, no problem.
Or without your permission.
I'm going to also take my blood sugar again in a little while.
I'm waiting.
I'll do it now because, you know, this is costing me too much.
I can't afford it.
I've got many other expenses these days.
Just read a live spot.
We've got to get to try a live spot for one of those.
No, I don't have any live spots to start.
They don't sell live spots in this show, you know.
I don't...I don't want them.
I don't want them.
You're too expensive.
Is that what the problem is?
Yeah, probably.
I don't know and I don't care.
They don't want one of them.
We are sold out all the time.
We got a lot of spots.
They're no short of just spots.
Only we only allow 60 to an hour on the show.
It's in my contract.
Still 14.8, that's great.
That's two...
Uh, 266.
Not good.
It's horrible, actually.
Better than after there.
Yeah, it's almost 100 points less than yesterday.
And you wait till tomorrow.
Tomorrow's going to be...I'm promising you this.
Since you guys are going to be filling your face, you and Josh.
I promise you tomorrow will be a much better blood sugar day.
Robert Whitesal, an open letter to the Christian right.
I'm writing to you because you are my last hope.
Let's understand each other.
I am an atheist.
I believe that if all fundamentalist religions disappeared tomorrow,
we would join in a better place that day after.
That said, I think it's possible for atheists and the Christian right
to put us out our mutual antipathy and join in common cause
to protect the sanctity of human life.
The idea for this unliked collaboration
came from a recent New York Times op-ed piece written by James Dopson
of Hocus Focus on the Family.
He wrote about a meeting in Salt Lake City,
which he and 50 other Christian right leaders voted unanimously
to join in supporting a minor party candidate
if neither of the two major political parties
nominates an individual who pledges himself
or herself to the sanctity of life.
In the 35 years since Roe v. Wade made abortion legal,
your side has been tireless, some would say ruthless,
in the defense of the sanctity of potential life,
along the way you've acquired the clout that makes politicians ask,
how high?
No more than a cursory glance at your accomplishments
as sufficient to commence the most skeptical atheist of your worth as an ally.
You have succeeded in many states in dismantling reproductive rights
in all but name.
Your muscle is pushed politicians of past legislation
allowing healthcare providers to refuse
a patient legal services related to abortion,
sterilization, and other forms of contraception.
Even in cases of rape and incest,
you've supported laws that allow medical personnel
to refuse victims' access to emergency contraception
for religious reasons.
You've been successful in replacing comprehensive sex education programs
in public schools with faith-based
platitude-laden abstinence-only programs
which study after study have shown to be ineffective
if not counterproductive.
More to the point, you've convinced the government to fund
these religious programs exclusively.
By far your biggest success today has been the cowering
of the Bush administration in recognizing the rights of a blastocyst,
a massive undifferentiated cells,
over those human beings suffering from Alzheimer's or the spinal cord injuries,
or any number of diseases who treat an ultimate cure
may be enhanced by stem cell research.
In your battle to protect the so-called sanctity of life,
you often triumph where a reason and basic humanity
would have dictated otherwise.
Now you have the opportunity to use your considerable clob to accomplish
something that any reasonable humane person would consider
categorically good that will need to tweak your no-compromised definition of life
to include postpartum humans of all ages and races
and nationalities to be successful.
What I'm proposing is nothing less than a constitutional amendment.
We'll call it the conscience clause, think rate-fictim
and emergency contraception in religious beliefs and reasons follows.
Amendment number 28.
Section number 1. No citizen of the way should be forced to support
two taxation or other levies, any government agency whose actions
disregard the sanctity of human life, if said action is contrary to that individual's
religious beliefs or moral convictions.
Section 2. Citizens of the U.S.
will have the right to allocate their tax dollars to government agencies,
proportionally, as their conscience dictates.
What this amendment would mean for Americans who find it a sanctity of human life
regardless of race, creed, national origin or neocon ideology,
is that they could choose to redistribute it to 27%
and consider the rest of the minute their federal income tax now going to the military
and its life-threatening mission to government agency whose mission is life enhancing.
To get a visual of the impact this amendment could have go to the interactive
tax chart at nationalparities.org, if you paid $15,000 in federal taxes last year,
$4,080 was dedicated to the destruction of human life,
$675 bucks to education, 390 nutrition programs,
$225 of environmental protection, and $285 to housing.
Now, reallocate your tax dollars according to your conscience.
This conscience clause amendment will allow the American people to decide our national priorities
if we choose life, we'll pay for it, if we choose death, we'll pay for it,
either way the credit of the blame for our priorities will rest squarely on our heads.
We'll no longer be able to hide our culpability in a corrupted political process.
My question and my challenge then can atheists and fundamentalists put aside our significant differences
and work together to protect the sanctity of all human life?
I have to be honest here, I need you guys, you know how to get things done.
If you're on board, we'll need to want quickly and decisively.
Airway indication is that the faith-based administration you've supported last seven years
is about to expand more of our good, gold, and children's lives on a new round of bloodlighting in Iran.
Robert Whitesall, who has essays that regularly appear in the capital times of Madison, Wisconsin.
Madison, Wisconsin, that's where the Freedom from Religion Foundation, Annie Gable,
that's their headquarters, Madison, Wisconsin, a bastion of like intellectualism
and like people who actually are thinking and breathing people,
as opposed to fundamentalist Neanderthals.
Excuse me for the redundancy.
I shouldn't be saying this because Zach's family is all through Uber villages.
And they have a lot of get-sees, a lot of get-sees from Israel who come with their past and their talus
and their sits and their mazzuzas and all that stuff, all that chazarai.
I think if I were you, I'd be slipping them a bunch of bacon cheeseburgers.
Oh, I brought a cheeseburger in the house once.
Oh, what happened? That was a lot of time I'd been there.
What do you mean by that?
I came in with the house, I totally wasn't thinking and I brought in a little McDonald's.
In the whose house? In your house?
No, into their house.
Whose house? To get-
To get-
Because of the house, yeah. My uncle not very happy.
Really? Because it was trafe?
Because it was cheese, meat and cheese together.
What I would tell them is, hope they're endured, okay?
That's what I would tell them.
Caxlachois et hub they're endured.
And then they will look at you and they'll kick your ass out.
Why do you even go there? Why do you associate with people?
Well, it's not that I was there.
Yeah, that was a while ago. That was a long time ago.
Oh, you haven't been back? No, no.
We haven't been back. That was a while ago.
A guy like you that guzzles down bacon double cheeseburgers.
Oh my God, you're going to burn in hell.
Trace, baby.
While I was drinking a glass of milk, whatever.
Oh my God, milkic and flashek. Now you're really going to-
You're going to double burn.
You're going to be double deep fried, man.
I'll guarantee you that right now.
In your case, that's a lot of deep fry.
Take a lot of cooking oil to double deep fry your fat ass.
No, that's a lot of oil.
No, that's a lot of oil.
Let's not go there.
Okay, we don't want to agitate that old Jewish bitch
that's going to call Jolly Jo Beldemar.
Mr. Bel, he's talking against the fundamentalist Jews now against the Orthodox.
The wonderful people with that long hair and the big hats.
And the heavy coats on Lincoln Road Mall.
In the middle of summertime, it's 140 degrees in the shade.
And they smell like death plus ten, man.
Oh my God.
With the heavy coats and the big hats.
Why don't you people come at least into the 16th century with me good?
Just like this Dalai Lama crap.
Oh my God.
Hello, Dalai.
When that big wave of fluke, I'm stronger still alive.
That'll be nice.
And as he stepped off the plane in Pearson International Airport here in Toronto,
Lui could be greeting him right there on the tarmac, singing,
hello, Dalai, and wiping his forehead, you know?
And as a matter of fact, I think he and the Dalai Lama have pretty much the same haircut.
Same barber.
Same barber.
Same, uh, Hanky.
Hanky, Panky.
How come Lui Armstrong always sweat so much?
Everyone do that.
That's a good question.
Well, he was a hard working guy, you know?
How does hard working though is the fly jock?
What's his name, Tom Joyner?
Well, what was Tom Joyner?
He's America's hardest working jock.
The fly jock, he does the mornings on how one of five likes to use to when I was there.
Okay.
Of course, that's 100 years ago at IOD.
The IOD days, boy, I can write a book about those.
Forget about all the other years of you cans.
Why don't you?
Why don't you?
Why don't you write a book about the IOD days?
It's about everything in the last 30 years of your life.
And who I would buy it?
I would.
You know what you haven't played in a long time?
What's that?
Read a book.
Yeah.
And another good thing about that is it kills some great time too.
The biggest name of that generation of all.
This is no watching this here.
4.560 QAM.
The Force Leader.
The Bandit.
Tonight on Fox.
Lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride when Fox presents
when Jews attack sponsored by the committee to elect George W. Bush and by KFC
where you can get the new GOP bucket.
The GOP bucket is all white meat, right wings and only 29.95.
When Jews attack tonight on Fox.
Yeah!
What's up, y'all?
This is your boy, Z-Mike.
You see how you even saw us with like hooks and concepts, isn't it, right?
But we can't stand trying to go black to some of the politics.
Check this out, y'all.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-K.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K.
Now the black is green.
What a block.
What a block.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K.
Now the black is green.
What a block.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K.
Yeah, now the black is green.
What a block.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K.
Now the black is green.
What a block concept.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-K.
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-A-D-A-B-O-O-J
So, click that, it's your white and neat, more
So, click that, it's my somebody, my somebody
We spinnin' rare, my somebody, my somebody
We spinnin' rare, my somebody, my somebody
We spinnin' rare, my somebody
We spinnin' rare, that's so deep, that's so deep
That's so deep, that's so deep, that's so deep
That's so deep, that's so deep, that's so deep
That's so deep, that's so deep, that's so deep
Baby, baby, baby baby...
Baby, baby baby...
Baby, baby baby...
Baby, baby...
Baby
cant Strand
It's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not
speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not speech
it's not speech, it's not speech, it's not Hoje weiteren blttожg
in the
a
textures
heard what? Read a book. Really? Yeah. And I thought it was very funny. How about if we
played it without the bleeps in it? Wouldn't that be good? Oh yeah, I'll start packing up right now.
Okay, and police officers were shot in the head and dug Dunkin' Donuts shop and filled it off
you this morning. They have another officer was shot in the shoulder during a chase.
Would you rather get shot in the shoulder or in the Dunkin' Donuts? Sure. The officer
injured in this morning shooting was taken to a hospital's condition not immediately known.
Police didn't know whether the suspect fled in the vehicle around foot. The shooting came about
12 hours after a mask gunman shot trap officer Mario San Diego in the shoulder during a
chase downtown Philly. San Diego is a splendid report of a gunman and an SUV shooting another car
injuring two men and a woman.
Rather shot in a Dunkin' Donuts shop. I could say something about that but it would be a very
poor taste and I'm not going to say it. I'll do it. Now speaking of poor taste, this is the first
story that I had this morning but it's got so much more detail at the risk of getting to,
because not everybody listens to the whole four hours.
Sexting, NADS 20, and Highway Rest Area, and only you think this deserves an instant
replacement since it's got much more information. Yes. Especially about the Catholic priest.
I thought you liked them. A public sexting at a New York State
Rest Area off Interstate 684 has resulted in 20 men being charged in a month including a
Catholic priest. A registered sex defender was also charged according to an article posted yesterday
by the Lower Hudson Online. Among others, the operation also stung a rotary club president,
a man of 72 years. The sting came about as the result of a complaint registered by a man
who would stop the arrest area with his young son. I wonder what Mayor Novel thinks about this,
and Kim Bo-Kamper and the Kenny and Shmo.
Said the sting supervisors are Jim Joseph Loots, as soon as we saw that letter, we took immediate
action. Charges range from trespassing the lettering to, in one case, forcible touching,
four men were charged within decent exposure to a public lootness, all 20 men expected to be in bed
from Tom Court, tomorrow. The only charge of forcible touching was brought against the Reverend
Gary Meade, a Catholic priest, who allegedly fondled and requested that he be permitted to
finger his rectum, an officer who was at the site in an undercover capacity.
The Reverend Meade simply approached the undercover officer and introduced himself as he placed his
hand on the officer's shoulder. He placed his hand into the pants of the officer and pulled
the pubic hair from his genitals. He then allegedly placed his hand into his mouth,
claiming to have eaten the hair. He then informed the officer that he was a Catholic priest,
and therefore he should surrender his rectum to his finger.
Wrecked him? How do you like that?
Surrender the directum to my digit.
First I heard of that.
The article said that Meade was assigned to a garterful parish saying Gregory,
Barbara Wigo,
Halle Luia, the post-an article said that calls to the art stasis had not been immediately
termed. They're coming up with a story, and they're busy. A level 2 sex offended in Sean
Cromwell, who the article said had been convicted 10 years ago for sexual abuse of a young boy,
was also charged on three counts, public lootness, loitering, and trespassing.
And the president of the Catoan-Arodery Club, John Cancelo, was also charged specifically
with exposure, loitering, and trespassing. 19 of 29 charged are married, according to police.
The priest was the exception. I'll always trust the priest.
The issue of public sex in the restrooms is gained national attention following the guilty play
of out-hobbery public and Senator Larry Craig. Senator Larry Craig was arrested in June after
allegedly soliciting sexual malnook, or also the Minneapolis St. Paul Airport. However,
I'd arrest up in question at this one in New York, three years ago a similar operation
resolved an 18-man being charged. Said Lucidisting operation, some of the activity we observed was
very, very disturbing, you think? Robert Becker, an employee of the maintenance worker,
who works at the restaurant, said, you can't believe this stuff we see. We're always calling
the police, is what he said. Phones ringing, you know what that means? That means that that
thing is downstairs. You're back in that package, that FedEx, that whatever it is, and they're
just getting around to calling now. How many hours ago was it that the...
About 30 minutes! ...chicken actuality was here. About an hour, and I'm just getting around to it now.
That's okay. Maybe it's not that. Maybe it was that big man who said,
oh you just want to consider your dollars, Neil? Just tell Joe Bell to stick it in, you know,
and you got all that money. Let's see, the latter tonight is 25, I'll admit, a Puffy 25 million.
Why would I want that? That's all. Now, if I do win it by any chance, which I won't, but I'll play it,
but if I won the 25 million, I will not be here tomorrow. All I crap about, oh I'd like to do
one last show. Forget about that. I don't need to do, you know, if you won 25 million bucks,
would you come to work tomorrow? Not even a chance to give some parting shots. I mean, who cares,
you know? Casa Coise, you know, like me too bad. Go away. Screw you. I'll call the show. I'll call in,
I won't come in. Yeah, me too, I'd call in and say, hey Chris, in whoever else's day,
we're a good luck to you. It's been a fun. It's been a agony. How much has Neil
arrived to show you? Listen to all of it. I'm an addict. I can't quit 332, 28.5%. Two hours,
176. A half hour more or less 169. None of it, but I'll still check Neil's website, 169. 14.5%.
That keeps going down, but it's still bogus. We know it. They just don't want to admit they
listen. Just long enough to hear if the old crew is still alive. 109. I'm alive, barely.
Two hours, a three hours 90. All of it and I listened to part of it on the archive of 69.
The one into our only 20. The 10 to 11 hour only, 17. The 12 to 1 hour only, only 10. And the 11 to 12
hour only, so lamentate dose. That's a challenge. What biggest name to the best talent?
You know his name is Roger. 435. 62 AM. Me. 4th. Later.
Good morning, sir. How are you? It's Robert Eiger, President CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
I'm not the saddest title every time. And how am I? I'm not good. I lost that bezel on the
dead game. The earth man genius turned into an egg. I don't know what the f*** I'm doing.
But sir, I thought you'd quit gambling. I haven't quit anything. I do it all. What's your problem now?
No, sir. Have you been through yet? Get into with that. Aren't you using me?
What, sir? You got to use me, man. I remember sweet so coming up. Get me on some of the ABC shows.
I know the network of crime outlaw. Well, sir, what did you have in mind? You are only 18 inches tall.
I would be shite jokes. So not on 18 inches tall. I am ratings goals. People love Mickey Mouse.
Oh, sir, what did you have in mind? How much have you put me on private practice?
Maybe write me a little embarrassing without us in Montgomery.
Baaaah. You better examine me on my table, hers.
Sir, she's no BGYN. So I could have a little BGYN. I think she's more of a...
Whatever. How about grace and anatomy or dirty sexy money?
I don't believe a mouse would probably work in a crime procedural.
Hey, this is television. It all works.
Yeah, I don't know, sir.
About dancing with the stars. I am perfect for this.
Perfect. You may be too small to do any of the dancing stuff.
I'm the hell of a dancer. I can have an affair with that Maxime Chica Scavia.
Sir, Maxime's a man.
Oh, well, who's the hot boy with a shirt back or two Leon?
Oh, yeah, Sheryl Brandy.
Oh, my God, that Julian on hot.
I like to get my big white hands all over that.
Sir.
Ah, sorry, aren't you a married man?
Maybe he doesn't do anything anymore.
She used to say no to nothing.
Now she says no to everything.
Sir, shouldn't you maybe go to therapy or something?
Hey, why don't you put me on men in trees?
Is there an H&C or DC this month?
Well, I believe she's dating her co-star James Cuppert.
So she's AC.
I don't know what that means, but yes.
AC DC.
Sir, I actually have an idea.
Wait a minute. Stop the presses.
Oh my God, that's an idea.
And what is it?
How about a griebetti?
Why would you put me on that show?
There's nobody hot on that show.
It's called a griebetti.
Well, Sarah, back in Rome, is in the show.
She plays a man.
Yes, she plays a man, but she is a woman.
But she plays a man.
Wasn't that stupid for my reputation?
Sir, wouldn't you just be acting?
Did you bet that Jack's this week?
Oh, no, sir. I don't...
Oh my God!
I don't gamble, sir.
What the hell happened?
Sir, I don't think you should either.
You've had a problem with the past.
Oh, hang on a second.
Did I ask you when I thought you thought?
Well, no, sir.
No, I didn't. Did I?
I thought since we were friends, we could...
We're not friends.
We're not?
No, we're not.
You're my puppet.
How did your butt hurt from having my big white hand up?
You're running the old day?
No, sir.
I'm the president's CEO of the company.
You're not bad.
I pull all the strings.
I'm your pet.
I'm your pet.
Well, sir, this is a great conversation.
I'm not sure if I go on an event,
but pick one and get back to me.
Yeah, I'll just work things out with the programming department.
Yeah, right there.
I'm getting beyond a place
where the dancing with the stars.
Right.
You want to be a hell of a dancer?
Right.
Yeah.
With my tango,
and I just go up and down that jewelry out of hot.
Yeah.
Goodbye, sir.
Fuck me.
133-207-202-5-60-W-D-Q-A-M.
Okay, I got part of your full print.
I have a real difficult time printing some stuff out.
I don't know what that is.
Why do I do that?
You have a problem with polls, is that what you're saying?
I have a problem printing some crap out.
Oh, okay.
Like emails, for example.
I just don't know what it is.
What it is.
I don't want to go through those things.
I'll get it done.
Thanks, Brandon.
Consumer advocate in 2004 independent presidential candidate Ralph
Nader sued the Democratic Party yesterday.
Why doesn't he go away already for Christ's sakes?
Containing officials can spare him to keep him from taking votes
away from nominee John Kerry.
I mean, talk about sour grapes.
That mean nothing.
I mean, you know, the fixed election is over
where the what difference does it make?
Nader's lawsuit filed in DC Superior Court.
Also named Disco Defendants.
Kerry's campaign,
the service employees of the International Union,
and several so-called 527 organizations,
such as America coming together,
which were created to promote voter turnout on behalf of the Democratic
Ticket.
The lawsuit also alleges that the Democratic National Committee
conspired to force Nader out the ballot in several states.
The Democratic Party is going after anyone who presents
incredible challenges to their monopoly over their perceived voters,
Nader said in the statement.
This lawsuit was filed to help advance a free and open electoral process
for all candidates and voters.
Candidate rights and voter rights nourish each other for more voices,
choices, and more open and competitive democracy,
but a beat but a move put about.
Among other things, the lawsuit alleges that the DNC tried to bankrupt Nader's campaign
by suing to keep him off the ballot in 18 states.
It also suggests that the DNC sent Kerry supporters to crash a
Nader petition drive in Portland, Oregon in June 2004,
preventing him from collecting enough signatures to get on the ballot.
The lawsuit seats compensatory damages,
punitive damages, and injuctive relief to enjoy the defendants from ongoing
and future violations of law.
I think that America ought to sue Ralph Nader
for an ego trip that cost the Gore the election in 2000,
and he continues to do this over and over again at the expense of the Democratic
candidate and taking close states and throwing over to the Nazis.
In fact, I think that some of the blood of all these dead people from Iraq,
including the nearly 4,000 American troops,
I think some of that blood is on Nader's hands, if you ask me.
Let's sue his ass, okay?
In the 2004 election, Nader received 463,000 plus votes,
or 0.38% of the total votes cast, about a third of a percent of the votes cast.
The America just loves Ralph Nader.
Don't you get the message?
We don't like you anymore.
Ralph, go away.
Castle Hoyes, get lost.
Right?
At this rate, yeah.
Enough already.
So you ate bacon cheeseburgers in a farb, in a,
just cheeseburgers.
Just cheeseburgers.
No bacon.
Oh, well, a bacon would have put you over there.
They probably would have burned you with a steak,
or maybe just cooked up a nice steak.
That's it.
Chicken and rice.
That was the only meal they ever had.
That's it.
Chicken and rice?
Not so nice.
When you're Jewish, man, you don't want any more chicken,
because that's all they feed you.
From the time you're an infant,
oh my god, no more chicken, please.
Enough already with a chicken.
1177.
You know what that reminds me of?
1177?
1177.
1277.
It's a Quillet from New York
to everywhere around.
He's still alive, by the way,
Chevy Checker.
We keep checking it, waiting for him to croak.
He's fat.
Every time I say, oh, I guess who else died?
I have a way down in my list,
because nobody ever heard of him.
Usually I do the obits at the start,
like Robert Kulei died,
and I put that on right at the beginning.
Where the hell did I do with that?
Oh, here it is.
Friedman Paul Earnhardt,
also known as Chef Tell,
dies at 63.
I've heard the name.
I don't know.
Yeah, I've heard of Chef Tell.
I don't know who the hell it was.
It was one of those life-changing events that showed a person's life in an unexpected
direction.
This one on a rainy night in Germany's Black Forest in 1972.
A prize-winning chef named Friedman Paul Earnhardt pulled his sports car over to
Ada Woman with a flat tire.
She turned out to be Janet Louise Nicoletti, former Miss Philadelphia on vacation to
Earnhardt with Smitten.
Three months later, he came to Philadelphia and married Nicoletti,
and took a job as chef at the Miriam on City Avenue.
In a very short time,
Chef Tell was born.
He was big and fat, and now he's dead.
I just mentioned that to you guys, and you know.
The legendary chef became a star of local and national TV open restaurants in
the area and authored cookbooks.
He wound audiences with his outsized personality as well as his knowledge of food and how to make it.
He died of a heart attack,
fried in his home in Upper Black Eddie Bucks County.
He was only 63, but he was fat.
Up until his era, Chef stayed in the kitchen,
said former acquirer food editor Elaine Tate.
Chef Tell wasn't about to stay in any kitchen.
He was out there with his big smile and his
two tonnaked hinged accent that some found almost unintelligible.
He was born in Stuttgart and dropped out of school at 14
to learn cooking under a strict European apprenticeship program.
He got his nickname, Tell, after playing William Tell in school production.
In no time, he was winning gold medals for his cooking or the master degree in cooking
from the University of Heidelberg in 1970.
He was named West Germany's chef of the year before he met Nicoletti.
She was the second of his three wives, by the way.
As the chef of the Murray,
he made his first TV appearance on the locally produced diving for dollars.
After that, he appeared on KYW's evening magazine,
Lifestyle's The Rich in Flaming,
Specials for the QDC Network and Westchester in the PBS program
in the kitchen with Chef Tell.
Survived by his wife at 25 years' money,
a son, Torsten Earnhardt, a daughter-in-law in
Jelecina, grandson, Maxwell, is in Trimony.
Chef Tell was dead. He was only 63. He was big and fat.
Like they said in Fatsome,
and the good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people.
Now, look at this.
Mount Longchard in Topber,
Heat Death. Now, who put this comment on here?
Was that Zach?
No.
Those are Faxers.
Oh, the Faxers has fried this bitch in chicken manure.
What would get to that?
It's just a second.
Then we'll fry her ass.
And I got a great, but it's much too long.
Story by Ray McGovern is one of my very favorites.
27 years, he was a CIA,
anglest.
He's great, Ray McGovern.
But this is not no kind of George McGovern.
And the story is too long to read, or at least today,
attacking Iran for Israel.
Question mark.
Ray McGovern.
11.78 on the pool.
We need 22 votes and 21 minutes.
We want to keep your nose to the grindstone because we don't want to fall short
and then blame me.
You either didn't push the pool anymore.
We thought you had your 1200 for Christ's sake.
No misunderstanding for Christ's sake.
Somebody go in with a million jokes.
205.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
I thought Christy and the tea was fairy tale.
Absolutely.
This village's thing was not for me.
Boy.
They held a big convention.
And let me in for free.
Or for sure for sure.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That book made me a believer.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
It was kind of fun.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believe in my tongue and we even from side to side.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
No, no, it's well now in Bracelet.
I thought my tongue to the feet.
You fell for her.
No, whatever I do, feel forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
Blah, blah, blah.
That makes me a believer.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I've had it's fun.
Blah, blah, blah.
Playing around with my mouth.
Blah, blah, blah, blah.
14.4, 258 of the Rick Biscayl and I've left it in my last check today.
It's not good. It's 100.5.
Well, it's better than yesterday.
Yesterday was like 200 points high.
How did I finish the show yesterday?
You guys should have called somebody.
911.
I don't know.
811, 911, 811.
1190 on the pool.
We need another 10 more votes to get to 1200.
That's 20 guys we do 1200.
Yep.
But now I think Eric has his foot on the break every day between like 1135 and 145.
He slings his foot on the break and all of a sudden there's nothing more coming through there.
See 1190.
We have 14 minutes for 10 votes.
What we should do it.
What's the mess with you?
What is it?
He likes to mess with you.
Yeah.
Well, so does everybody else. Too bad.
Like Clarence. Did you go in there and kick him in the nuts yet, Zach?
No, that's 205 out of that.
Good. 201.
A mother who left her 17-month-old son in the car for at least seven hours while she worked at a West Phoenix hooters
was charged with negligent homicide in the child's death.
Fry this bitch in the chicken wing oil says here on the thing somebody wrote.
Actually, Dushan in 22 was booked after investigators learned she had said she wanted her freedom more than her son.
Nice.
We're not saying this was a deliberate act yesterday but that does give insight to her mindset that
caring for her child was not her top priority.
Phoenix police sergeant Joel Trander told KTAR.
Trander said the family members told detectives that Dushan made statements that she didn't want to care for the child
and wanted her freedom.
So rather than put it up for adoption or something like that or stick it in the microwave,
she left it in the car for seven hours to fry.
Seven years.
Should have other working orders.
It's also my understanding that other family members perhaps had taken the child away from her for a brief period of time
Trander said they had concerns.
Concerns that she was a crazy bitch.
Police said Dushan had planned to drop off her son right out of the daycare before heading to work at the hooters near
20-9th Ave in Bel Road.
Instead of official says she went straight to work with the toddler still in the vehicle.
Trander said when she was driving to work she made a brief statement that she actually looked at a rearview mirror, saw a young child see the behind her in the child's seat.
Exactly what happened after that we're not sure.
She saw a young child said like a stranger, you know, you're a stranger!
Dushan arrived at work at 10 a.m. when her shift ended around 5 a.m. she discovered right inside the vehicle.
Unresponsive authorities pronounced the child not just unresponsive but more like dead.
The DED did.
The high temperature and finished Tuesday was 89.
Readings inside the vehicle upwards of 210 degrees, 110.
Police said the windows of Dushan, Silver, Honda Civic were tented making a typical frame but until the child was inside.
She's probably feeling an overwhelming sense of guilt said Michelle Fritz, a crisis counselor of the Phoenix Fire Department, Rye.
She's probably nervous about what her parents are going to think about what the public's going to think Fritz said.
Michelle, Michael Fagan was at the scene and said he was shocked.
There's no way you can leave a baby inside a car all day working just forget your baby like that.
Amy Robin was in a crowd who gathered outside the restaurant. She said the mother should face charges.
Where parents are ourselves we never once left our baby in the car Robin said I think that's cruel.
I mean even the microwave would have been a lot quicker you know.
If she don't want to do something decent like put it up for adoption or leave it on the street corner somewhere.
She should fry in the...
Yeah fry a russian oil baby and olio-liva.
Kate Pony, olio-liva.
Eli Waltman, he served and tend to life.
Probably one on the fool we did baby.
Thanks again to Zach for a fabulous two days not that we're done yet but we ought to be.
Looks through some life spots.
Alright.
It's just you know I don't want to keep dwelling on it because probably the management is to add I don't really care what the management thinks.
Management's been thinking in this place is an oxymoron anyway. They don't think.
Gee how come we only got like two shares in there I want because you know you make it unlistable.
If you have the greatest product in the world.
If you had the great if they had the greatest stake in the history of the human race.
These people would put a big dollop of dog do right in the middle of it and then put it on the plate.
How come you're not eating our steak it's the best in the universe it's USDA prime uh...
Schmeckle whatever.
Oh it's got a big dollop of dog crap in the middle of it.
Oh yeah but gee it's the best best by test.
They're just stupid you know.
It's all of us to it. They're stupid they're in it.
They're like George says George has got it down to a science baby.
Dumber than a box of rocks.
If they like it it sucks it's gonna fail.
Who are they?
Jolly Joe and Clarence and of course Joyce well forget about her.
She don't like anything.
Can't blame her for anything it goes on because she's against all of it.
If it's on our air she doesn't want it.
12.05 in fact I think back to the days when a couple of years ago when we were renegotiating everybody the new contracts maybe three years ago.
The Humper and me and Maddo and Joyce came up with this crap.
Everybody's gonna sign this document about and nobody signed it because it was the most...
If you could have read it I wish I had a copy of it to read on the air maybe enormous.
I remember Maddo talking about it where like if they just decided that they didn't like what you said you could be fired.
Right that's right you could be fired for any number of reads if you were breathing too hard.
If you like send anything bad about any of the teams or the coaches or the owner or the management or anybody or anybody else on the station or anything they didn't like you're fired.
It was very vague right it wasn't like specifics.
Of course not.
It was just an open book for them and if you criticize the B of these or any of their stations or anybody who ever took a dump in their tea room or anything like that you're fired.
Now nobody's gonna sign a deal like that I mean that's only a part of it.
There are all these other ridiculous provisions in there and nobody wind up signing it.
And of course Joyce was trying so desperately to impress Carolyn and the rest of the bees like oh you'll see I'll whip all these bastards in shape.
These overpaid sports nerd everybody in shape.
Did it work?
No.
Did anybody sign it?
No.
No.
She's evil man but you know something?
She's in a different category from Jolly Jo and Josh.
Dero.
Because they actually have hands on.
They're the ones who actually have their hands on the steering wheel and continue trying to drive us off the edge of the cliff.
As opposed to somebody who just wills it you know what I mean?
Oh yeah.
It's like the difference between somebody who's got a hududon keeps sticking pins in it all day and somebody who comes in and actually sticks a knife in your midsection.
There's a difference.
The first person is trying to do harm but probably isn't going to really do all that much and the second person is like killing you over here.
You know.
I'm dying out of here.
Exactly.
Okay.
One last look at that pool.
Tomorrow we got the Niels deal thing coming up and we also have a lot of free food coming in.
Chris.
Josh will be by.
Josh will be by.
But Zach too.
You'll come by for that death by chocolate thing won't you?
Oh you kid me.
They better be one for me.
1207 on the pool.
How much is the Eroger Show to listen to?
All of it.
I'm an addict.
I can't quit 349.
How long is this last break?
Three or four minutes.
One for one.
I'm going to be on the day we had the 5 second spots running.
I want to see the day.
I want to read the pool.
I don't have time.
I want to see the day when this sales department comes up with one second spots.
We've had 15s and 10s and 5s.
It's nobody in the world ever heard of a 5 second spot before on radio.
TVES radio and all.
Wait until we come up with ones.
Joshu Shai.
I am Verose by this.
Yeah.
That was too long.
Yeah.
Work on a little bit.
Cut it.
Chop it down.
I have no other name.
The best talent in your career.
You're a Roger.
You're a 2560 QAM.
Me.
Fourth.
Later.
It's Stacey.
Oh.
You're a 560 WQA.
Who takes the vote?
I'll start holding your nose.
I'm in town today.
I want to see the individuals.
New York, New York, all.
These I ran into.
Once to see her spray.
And eat a sandwich made by Jews.
New York, New York.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I want to visit this Italian commercialization of Hines Square.
And see that cowboy who sings.
In his underwear.
My boring pursuit.
I will trade away.
For one of those kids just that's made.
I hear, New York.
I'll spend time with Iran.
Each time I take a cab.
My wood loves you.
New York, New York.
New York.
Bye, bye, bye.
This is better.
This is better.
