I am a 4G
I am a 4G
I am a 4G
I am a 4G
I am a 4G
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now stop making mistakes
We know about it, we'll be jinglish
We're going to be more
We got yesterday beat by a million miles 1002 and we got 19 dropouts on our streaming so far
I don't know, get used to it there are issues in the building today
Really?
Yeah, issues but no answers that what you're saying?
Correct, I see
Anyway, that's what goes you know this whole I'm rethinking this whole business with the blog that I've been
Why did I even start doing that?
Whatever it was a novelty
Wasted time
Sure, it's one of our did one
Total waste of time and then somebody gave me the lgoldstein thing on boobal.com
So I just read Al's latest blog entry from the weekend
And you know, wasted time Al
Who lost 150 pounds with stomach stapline
How much fat?
Jew
Not anymore but you know he says basically the same old stuff he always said about you know every four letter word that's ever been invented and doing this one and doing that one
Animals and anything that moves
Still got the same pull on there from yesterday because I figured it was so good we'd leave it on there for next today
Isn't that sound like a good reason?
Sure even if it was
I'm re-examining many things in case you hadn't noticed that yesterday I'm re-examining many priorities and re-shifting my life
And one of them being this whole my space experience
I'm sure Miguel put it on there thinking that it would you know encourage a lot of young listeners and
Well whatever he was thinking it's emotional vehicle
Promotional vehicle well since we don't have any promotion at least it was something you know right and we do have
968 people on there friends and I use the term loosely
But I could live without it believe me would have enhanced my life tremendously without it would have been much more pleasant and much more
Product and the blog thing well I'll get to that in a minute see I really thought being as stupid as I am
Mm-hmm I really thought that once I started doing that because it's a whole separate venue
It's a different area and that there would be a whole bunch of people who would like have some comment or response
But it's the same as the phone or the same as the fax machine
Right what you wind up with basically are a few chronics and I don't say they're bad people some of them are
Nice people like gas right really have no idea who you're talking to
But and that's it
Well I'll get to that in a minute here's the poll updated main reason I listen to me is
Gee you did the same poll again you got yes I did for last
663 he's a freaking genius 557 if I'm such a genius how come I'm working for Joe Bell
How come we got 25 dropouts and it's only five minutes after 10 we've been on her five minutes and the streaming
Anybody trying to listen online good luck to them they'll need it how about Ohio State by the way
So they take a look at her what I don't watch too much of that I watched a really good movie last night with Harrison Ford from last year called something
I got something up don't I well I know what it's called let me
I am the you know you don't have to do that I can walk into the night same time I'm like you're a Ford
He and walking her to him buddy but he's holding you're taking shots good taking the carcass he's a turd
Let's see Harrison Ford Star Wars yoddy yoddy on okay really and I mean not a great movie but pretty good it's called
Firewall okay have you seen it heard of it no I've heard of it smelled it
It's pretty good about his he's a banking executive guy and his whole family gets kidnapped and they want him to go into the computers and transfer millions of millions of dollars
And it's a pretty good and the ending was okay I mean it was corny but it was it was fine
Anyway 1889 votes the main reason I listen to me all is for last 663 he's a freaking genius 558 he speaks the truth 222 the truth to hear him suffer 78
Those bedtime stories 73 better get used to a lot of those
Because I'm bored 70 and there's no charge that's one of the nice things about this show
We don't charge to listen four hours kill some time in the middle of the day in that outdoor septic tank called South Florida and then cost you time
The crazy colors only 64 I hate Neil look how many voted for that
We hate you
Well thank you so much and the Femium sure is mutual I hate this full 26 and it's a break from all sports 25
How about those gators huh whoo heavy duty I watched about five minutes of that firewall of Harrison Ford it was worth watching
I didn't give chance to watch any of the great stuff you sent me which was the jackass
Orat and Jack has the red rat was sure is very nice
So anyway to get back I'm really towing with the idea of having Miguel just a Schmidt candle hole my space thing say the word and it's gone
What do you think in fact that'll be let's let's do that for the pull for tomorrow. Okay. That's a great pull
And again there have been some very nice people on there and but again I think they're very nice everyone don't really know because I almost none of them do I know off the air you know
And then there are some chronics on there who just you know they want to tell me how to live the get the one guy who wants to tell me
I should take the pure out to a woodbine to wash my hands and get rid of the germs and how I should cross the street
Yeah, everything else they should drink it
But here's a classic example of what you get now on my blog yesterday
The first entry I put on the rescuing rip job on Beasley broadcasting and Joe Bell and deservedly so by the way these people are as clueless as
Today is long but the text do show up and I'm gonna show up every day too
But as an afterthought on there and even you agree that I'm not any longer obsessed with the two people who diddle me around for a week's on end on that thing but I
Just normal curiosity anybody I mean the Jacob thing well why is it even worth going into okay
I mean this is not somebody I want to know I don't want to smell them
There's just something wrong there you know I can take the blame the first time for the disappearing act in the shine job
You're all you're offered to put them in your will I went to fan okay fine then he comes back when I did that whole show about that
episode and oh like nothing ever happened like my long lost best buddy and then over the weekend he pulls the same
Disappearing act three days later again
When so let me just give you a little bit of advice all your kids out there if somebody gives you their phone number
And after a time if you decide you're gonna try to call and have a chat or whatever and you call them maybe half a dozen or eight or nine times
And they never pick up the phone when they see that it's you and they never return to call that is not
It is not a friend okay right
So why waste my time with that and as far as the other one is concerned even in spite of your insistence because you wanted to see me get hurt
That's it. No, but you wanted to see that I'm a jackass
No, which I obviously can be but the other one was not real and I and I did come across yesterday because Josh had told us and by the way
Josh is gone. We got Chris back today. Welcome Chris don't say too much. Okay. Well, he's been there. He's still was going in for it. No, he's alright
He knows what's going on. He knows what kind of a crap hole he's working in but
No, what was I just going into see now I'm losing my track. You were a huge idiot. What you had to get hurt and you know about the other day.
At any rate I came across a mic. I forget whose web whose page it was on and there's one of their friends and Mike was Josh.
And Josh told us about this. This guy had taken Josh's picture and stolen his identity and like you said with the right
Click at a mouse anybody can do that with anybody sure. So the fact that somebody sends one or two pictures and then goes
Through a whole song and then it's with it that doesn't mean you're talking to that person. No, it does not.
So anyway, so I just out of normal curiosity. I'm wondering is there really such a person as this one that I've been talking to for 11 or 12 days. I really have my doubts.
And I'll tell you another thing. If a person goes to lengths to hide not only their identity but where they're
Emailing from or checking your website from where they're located. That's not a person who's been anyway honest. That's an in player.
Right. Well, that's another thing. It could be a real person who is a game player. Well, whatever. So I wrote this as kind of an addendum an extra entry on the blog yesterday, which the blog I think is had it.
As long as I'm on this maybe some of you who know those two fan and friends I had on here will both believe me like a violin.
Be interested in hearing about it. The first of course was Jacob Vaugh 32 allegedly lives in the Nabil Cleary area in plantation sells health insurance. The other claimed is real. The first name was Bryce.
A high school senior. I think in either dear field, L. Ray or Boka. Anybody know these people question mark. That's all just a question.
I wasn't asking you think I should forget about this whole episode. You think I'm an idiot. You think I'm an emotional queen. Just anybody just seeking a little bit of information.
Yeah, assuming that there are a lot of people reading this blog, which of course there aren't. Here's the one response I get to this. I had a few responses on the beesleaves and about how badly we're treated and y'all that.
This is from Pedro. Who says, Laura, listen to this and says, doubled upon you during Hurricane Andrew. Pedro. He says, you're really sure to listen to George when he tells you to let it go.
You're spending in an ordinary amount of energy pursuing people who don't deserve it. If this is stick for the show, then never mind.
But if you sincerely are looking these people off, stop wasting your time, man. You made a mistake in judgment.
You were an internet virgin and got abused by a couple of veterans. Be more judicious when you next make friends via the net. Oh, yeah, that'll be real soon.
Yeah, nothing is ever as it appears and Bill Kamal can testify that says he grow. Be bitter, be mad, be hurt, and be at peace with yourself and make the internet a useful tool for finding free people.
You're a porn information and maybe a bootleg movie now and then with good porn.
It says Pedro. P.S. keep the callers. Well, see you later.
We've added that extra little line of that place at the end. Whatever credibility had Pedro and I'm glad you listened to him.
The last you've been on there a long time and y'all deyotted. But that wasn't what I was looking for.
It was a critique of my emotional stability or lack thereof. I was just asking for a little bit of information.
And the amazing part of it is nobody knows either of these people and never have.
But we'll find out tomorrow because I think the thing is an incredible waste of time and it's a baby craft.
It's for game players and nonsense. And I don't see how it in any way it gives people an opportunity like, you know, interact with me.
You have a little herbal interplay on there and I have been trying to answer as many as I can.
But what's the point to to what end? You know what I'm saying? Right.
Because like I told you, generally speaking, after the beginning, after the initial excitement of the thing and a whole bunch of flood of new people,
it basically boils down to about a half a dozen of the same people who are writing you crap.
Well, there are a couple of people on there who may have something to say or may not.
Oh God. Thanks a lot Miguel. By the way, you are the best.
Neil. God. Oi.
This is your president, a vice-president, Dick Cheney.
I speak on behalf of my darling daughter who has come under fire recently.
If you will, about her pregnancy, I command all of you to stop this at once.
My daughter is a lovely waf of and all of you to stop this at once.
My daughter is a lovely waf of a girl and on Godly as almost such a appetite may be as her father.
I stand behind her far behind her.
We got you. Thanks to a smell like hot baloney.
Pomoh and sex.
Chuality is an affliction.
That infects decent Republicans who don't pray to me.
Isn't that right, Princess?
Yes, Daddy. Fine. Fine. Now go help your mother.
Finish the sequel to her lesbian annavulu.
Okay, Daddy. Thanks.
Oh, mind if I borrow your spear or I can blow up, darling.
Well, no, not at all, Princess.
One final thought, if you will.
The red left may have defeated us, but I'd like to thank all of you out there with the tiny eyes and oversized foreheads who still support us for remaining confident that we have your best interest at heart.
And keep strong on your banjos.
Okay, 10, 19, 5, 6, you have everything.
Let's look at that schedule. Maybe we got Curtis for the man of dog at two.
Power Hour with the Hank in the man of dog at six here, but of course, obviously that's not true because there is no man dog.
So once again, clearance can't make the schedule up, which is not over a tough assignment.
Work at it a little bit harder, clearance in the schedule too.
Humber between five and seven solos. So I guess Hank's on four to seven is what that boils down to. Am I right about that?
Yes.
Hurricane hotline at gate works at seven o'clock and then returning to the scene of the crime.
Any case back nine midnight tonight.
She missed it yesterday. We found out from Barry Jackass's column that a K is back and he's going to be on seven to ten nine a midnight whenever we can squeeze him in.
And we're ecstatic about that. He's a good guy and never stole a freight train.
Okay, so I fast Eric a new pool. And as soon as he has his fat nimble fingers on Eric gets the one on there for me to switch, I'll switch the polls.
Okay, is he in his little box? Yes he is. Well good. That's not so little.
Say, hey, a fat show, get the new pool on please. Well, it's my bad because I just I thought that I just didn't want to be bothered with it.
Is really what it boils down to. I'm not going to lie about it. I just figured out after a day like yesterday and Joe Bell and the beesleys and the whole business screw them.
You know, I'm going to give about as much effort to them as they give to me, which is diddly squat.
And of course Joe tells Norma can't well, I didn't know. I guess goes through these periods. Yeah, I'm having my period, Joe.
George and I just fabricate these things. There are no technical problems. There are no issues. There are no, you know.
And by the way, Joe, if you're so enchanted with the colors, just like Peter was, I'll give him your number. How do you like that?
Let me give you Joe's cell number on here. Yeah. And then everybody about every two minutes he can punch up the way you're fine.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
At least, at least, we were called a Paxton.ioD, and we went over there and we had the meeting with the engineers or with whomever told them the equipment we need to do this show including the 360 that's got like that stuff in it and then the DCS which of course has got I mean everything
neon, god, all the bits in it and whatever we needed and the comment from Paxton was buy it whatever they need get it
right so they didn't try to shortchanges on equipment over there like you know take two
two pieces of two tin cans and time together with string and try to make a radio station on right when they made someone an operations manager
they gave them a desk with a computer on it how do you like that with a real computer that the operations manager person didn't have to
want to pay for himself because we have an operations manager using her own computer here but you'll be very excited to know that
jolly jo offered to reimburse me for the fast machine that you'll have there and maybe even today
I told it somebody doesn't even I don't I don't want it take the 248 bus Joe and wipe somebody's vote with it they all expensive
go ahead go right ahead
thank you the risk and expense I'll see the receipt which so here's the pool now let's see if Eric is on top of this and I was gonna take him and
No, it's not under yet come on fat. So it's only about four choices here
should Neil dump the my space page now maybe I've left something out of here that we can add on yes
it's nothing but grief. Yeah sure has been to me. I have had some fun with it. I thought it was a little bit of fun and there were times
I thought I was having fun and turned out to be crap you know I was just being played like a violin
No, it's fun don't dump it who cares I hate this pool or I hate my space calm those are the five choices
I have so far don't leave anything out. No, that's fine. I already voted
Well, there it is there's a new one. Mm-hmm. How do you like that? Like I said that Eric is the best
I'm voting yes
It's nothing but grief and of course people are gonna say well if you don't want it you can do whatever it's your well
I just am curious I've already heard people out there who think that it has added something to the show
I think it quite frankly becomes a distraction not just from the show, but from your life
They can and all that tracking crap see here's the thing I don't understand
There are many things I don't understand all there are a lot of sick people out there a lot of people with a lot of time on her hands
And a lot of people are desperate for attention
But people who have basically told you to take a fly and leap and who have shut their profile the private so you can't
You know reach out and touch them even a little bit
They're all over the the my space page likes think on Joyce man
They're all over the place as it is times today. What are they looking for what are they doing on no?
I beg your pardon. I don't know. I don't either. I don't get I don't want to know
Oh look at that. There's 23 votes on there already. Holy crap. Oh, man
Should kneeled up to my space page who cares 10 no, it's fun six. Yes, it's nothing but grief five
I hate my space dot com on I hate this full one. That's what we got so far it takes maybe the first hundred votes before it starts taking shape
Right I go to for who cares?
really yeah
What does that mean it's just there?
It doesn't have to take up any time
That blog was a bad idea
I remember what I had his blog, but then he wasn't he wasn't on the air
You know he was right that was his medium and that was his medium to communicate with people who would listen to him for years and years
And I got involved in I read it every time he put another entry on there
I read it either every day or whenever he puts them on there and it was pretty interesting and then of course
His wife Mary put the last one on there after he died
So it was it was like a ongoing soap opera
But was the only way I had to communicate with me
Why should I expect a response on there when we don't get a response on the phone the only people we have on the phone are the same three idiots who have like taken who have hijacked the radio show
So why would I expect on whether it's on the facts machine?
You know we got chronic fuel. I mean yeah, there are some of the factors come in usually with the polls those are the best ones. Oh, yeah
please
And the same thing with this my space there are a few people out there like chronic David who we like I told it was giving me instructions
And how to cross the street everything out how to pick my nose you name it I
Mean there you know there's Mike at FSU who seems like a good guy like a normal person which is fine
And then there's my friend Harry from Detroit
And that basically is about it in terms of people I you know email back and forth with and the thing that I find just amazing
And of course to show how how how to touch I am because I'm an old
Fuddy-bunny, but is that you'll hear from somebody like my cousin's son, you know mm-hmm and
Your exchange a couple of emails back and forth for a day or two and then you never hear from these people again. That's right. That's standard
It's standard sure what else they got to say
What does that mean? That's just the way it goes. She's a Scott. You see I'm an extraordinary person
And and people are gonna say well you must have an awful lot of spare time
I really don't I don't have time for this crap, but I just you just get involved in it and when I one guy said
It's the crack cocaine of the internet. I understand him fully because you become you become like a slave to it
And you're running in here. Oh is there another message from this wonder that wonder what whatever you know
Anyway, here's the final result on the poll from yesterday and early day see we did get another poll off from today
How do you like that aren't you impressed no? I had no no doubt
1829 votes the main reason I listen to Neil is for life 668
He's a freaking genius 561
Sometimes he speaks the truth 229 to hear him suffer
79 sufferingly suffering at the hands of
Jolly Joe Bell and the beesleys a match made in purgatory those bedtime stories 75 I listen because I'm bored 70 the crazy collars
65 I hate Neil 30 hate me like poison and that really hurts my feelings badly not I hate this full 27 and a break from all sports thank the Lord
25 holy
Mackinac this is Joe Boehme the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Do the left do the left without the mess down
I want to the left yes, I feel I have to go when I sit down
It ain't so mama gave me cats the world
They cook my knees your ankle red
No matter what it's all the same
This part of the patient drives me insane
Don't have a self-profile more six days
My
Tell you what my turn of clothing is all
I
Wish I could go
In a minute don't worry
I
Sit down
1033 27 before 11 at 560 WQ AM. It's the new year. We got a whole new altitude about this whole thing
You know the sun is shining here now. It's beautiful is it can't believe it although all at the toasty
Oh, whether all those temperatures although a Saturday it's supposed to be like 46 again here
For Friday 45 look they just changed the forecast
But right now it's minus what it mines once you know what temperature is here
I'm not
I'm not about 30
And only the saffron the highs only going to be about 34 but it's site
It's one of those days up north where it looks really beautiful from sitting inside looking out the window
And then you walk outside and you freeze your ass off so to give you an idea of how productive the mice-facing is
After my opening rant today, so I look under and here's a message
From again instructions lengthy instructions and very well intended and I can't believe you tolerated the couple these
Vosos now whole thing about Bell stuff will do this and this one will do that as if as if we haven't been trying for like
Ages to get some assistance from corporate and from a Joe Bell on this stuff and of course
But a meat but a boot but about you know, like I said let's go take the calls
Yeah, as if we're that stupid that we this is like the first job in radio and we have them before and have an entire
Stuff before these people what they know about talk radio you could stick in a thimble and have room for the Chinese army
That's over. That's what they know about broadcast like those comments talk to us when we you know try to get her assistance on this issue
Oh, yeah, joy see children like I've told him before she will do anything in her power to deep six this show to
So what are you going to do? She's the corporate legal baby
Corporate legal as a modest and corporately she wouldn't know a radio like I told him before if you look 75 old zenith
Table models and shove them up her fat ass
Anyway, here's a facts about to my space. It says I wouldn't think anyone would willingly
Participate or support anything on to control by Rupert Murdoch as in my space comm being owned by a news corp
It says get out of that place part and parcel of the evil empire. Oh my god. I know that. Did you know that?
Yeah, I think book of Brian wrote that thanks
You did yeah, they haven't you read his page? It's all about Rupert Murdoch and how much he hates in and
He likes that but he still got his own page on there with his boon in the box. Yeah, I got it twisted his arm a little bit to what to put a page on there
Yeah for fun for you for yucks. Oh, it can be fun, but it just don't take it too seriously
I'm gonna do I will abide by the result of this pull. I never do that, but I don't really care. I can take it or leave it
But I'll tell you one thing anybody that expects me to start a long correspondence on they were to get a lot of respawn
Uh-huh forget about it
I'm not gonna waste my time with it because you don't know who you're talking to
Listen, you can it can and even even in the one case where I did know who I was talking to where was an actual living and breathing person
It would turn out to be a nightmare like another game
Let's let's play the old man a second time now and see if we can get it. What was that all about?
And then of course you wonder what it was all about and you just and I don't really care
Should neobump to my space page 87 votes that are a new poll now very nicely on Eric
Who cares 41? No, it's fun 18. Yes, it's nothing but grief 16
Pretty tight. I hate my space dot com 11 and I hate this poll only one now. That's interesting only one 1.1% of 89 voters hate the poll
Pretty good for our crown for usual that's a great crowd
Speaking of hate longers contrary to an internet report Republicans in the House of Representatives a period of astro a day off less than a week into the 110th Congress
According to Raj story
The Democratic leadership consented and no action was scheduled on the House for yesterday
Congress will not meet to begin the official 100 hours agenda the Democratic members due to a request put into the Democratic
Leadership by representative John Bader of the Republican minority leader in the House of Representatives
Mr. Bader made this request and the interest of comedy Democrats granted it a sooner Democratic a told Raj story
Late Sunday afternoon news portal operator and closet queen Matt drudge displayed a large banner headline on his website set in capital letters
Which claimed Democratic vow already broken house sets four day work week
Miss Fudge accused the Democrats are shutting down the house because of the college football national championship being played last night
Between Ohio State and in Florida and the Gators kicked their ass kicked their ass
42 14 or some such crap
Hill sources claim the House is taking a Monday office week because of the championship football game missy drudge wrote
But a sheet lie like crazy or what huh?
Absolutely drudge is flash also included a graphic taking from a press release sent from the office a cinema jury leader
Steny Hoyer which has the internet journalist phrase that boldly declares Monday January
8 2007 the House is not in session a hundred hours starting soon drugs mocked at the end of his so-called flash
After noting that since next Monday is Martin Luther King day the five-day work week could be pushed back even further
But there's at least one house member will be rooting for touchdowns or interceptions and
Cosette about the reprice and Ohio State will they got their ass kicked? How do you like that?
So there you go miss Fudge again making up a bunch of right-wing crap as usual you self-hating fagot you but nevertheless
I
Much of George was enthralled in that game last night. I weren't you what?
It was the BCS National Championship game man. I watched maybe a total like I said of five minutes
Every time I watched it for the score another touchdown
I thought well, they don't need my help plus. I don't really like either team anyway
Just like Ohio State more some glad to see they got their ass kicked that goes to my back to my Spartan days
And also goes back to the Woody Hayes days man, what a lunatic what a
Certifiable crazy person he was what he has
104 votes on the my space pool boy it is let's see. You know, it's fun to look at that. They like it
No, I can't believe I was right. I had my finger on it. I can't believe he did that to me. That's bad
That is bad the old man is slowing down when you beat me on one of those
Already had it loaded up so and I still have nice
Burning you a CD today as a matter of fact Chris Wailin your burning one right now
Yes, and this computer won't burn CDs none of our own personal computers will burn CD
So he's gonna go find one that will and we'll burn it for you. It's like you'll find a fax machine
That works like no promises
Well, that would be nice if you could
On top of things and of course now what's the story with Josh? Are we gonna see him and did he drop in and say hi this morning?
He was already loitering this morning just to make sure that everything was okay before he got to go
Thanks for the great job. Whatever your name was Josh. He does not have no desk yet. He has no desk. He doesn't know
He's just that's why he's loitering you baby the whole
Loitering Josh because you got nowhere to sit your ass unless maybe in clearance is lab
I think that's what clearance has got a mine for him
Gonna go in there and sit on his lap
My job on the schedule by the way got clear a Curtis today a no mad dog from two to four
But then according to this we got the power hour with Hank and mad dogs coming in for just one hour with a Humper
Anybody buying that anybody believe it no, or even the audience knows better
You may not be good clearance, but least you're consistent and let me tell you somebody else who's not good and the consistent Brian smuts your buddy in our sales department
The man who put the schmutz in sales
Welcome
Down in burritos for heaters and tacos. I was in store for intestinal
You're fairy
My dish is twisted and then I said oh that's the last time that I eat taco
For the long time of the toilet I've sat
I made it higher with one healthy splatter. I was the fastest ass in the Southwest
With one lady up in the air. I was cramping who I was in trouble
But I was gonna die from equal life
After I finished my 15th cross puzzle I used a case of
1046 14 before 11 at 560 WQ and I got a really nice
email just now on my space from a guy that I've heard from once before who claims he worked for the bees
He's once upon a time. He's in Ohio and tell me about a global warming in Ohio and they haven't had any winner yet
Just like me here and that said him and so on and they said dump the calls. He said that they are already
They're a detriment to any talk show as you well know now
Didn't I do a whole diet track about this about two three months ago? Yes
And about how things change and how the one thing that's kept me going all these years is that I've been ahead of the curve
Most of the time I've been either
Perspectations enough or lucky enough to be ahead of the curve
Right just like when the old style that with the guest and all that boring old you know that when that was done
I was ahead of everybody on that I got rid of it. I Schmidt Candid
That's the same thing that would have caused all I might you know reach over and take one every now and then it's it's there
But let me also say this to you. It's not it's not only the fact that there are two three people who can
High Jack or radio show if they want to it's the fact that nobody else calls and has got anything to say that's what it's all about
right
It's only yeah, it's only they don't middle and like you've said so many times
Here's an opportunity to call up and to say pretty much whatever the hell you want as long as you don't lose use any
For for bitten words about anything
Give it off your chest about whatever the hell you want and they don't do it
And that's because South Florida more so than any place is the land of the walking dead. I totally that for almost 31 years
So maybe you're the expert jolly Joe. You know, you know, I don't even might be a
I give any clause that's that's how I described in the first day of song Santa Claus with a shave right
He would make a perfect sandy clause man, and of course he's jolly and he's patent everybody on him
That's great. That's wonderful
Well, you know what you also sit on Santa's lap at the mall there and
You're asking for a lot of stuff and he says you know problem and that doesn't show up either then and it never shows up on Christmas day
That's right same thing with jolly Joe for very good. That was outstanding George. It seemed better than a tape
No, don't go crazy
Well, what's your alien in the Pope one more time come on one more time coming up on Monday?
Hundred and four. Oh, that's right Monday. I'm not working, but you will
That's because your race is faster
Any choice
I'll be playing James Brown all day. How do you will now that would be I don't know
Two wounded outside lost Vegas Western high school more shootings at high schools in America crazy people with guns that's America
Crazy people with guns
You know the interesting thing I'm discovering is that almost everybody I hear from on the my spacing either is got a brother in Vegas
Or they're going to Vegas or they're selling insurance in Vegas or I don't know
Well, what's that all about I know Vegas is growing like crazy, but what else that all about?
146 votes on the pool, but this thing is taken off like wildfire, you know, and that's because of all the
154 now came in there to just be fresh and it came in a big chunk. Oh God, and it stinks too
Steaks like it stinks like we Tina
You know, it's out. I'm really happy that I've never been a breakfast eater
Yeah, because most breakfast the first of all it's all carbs anyway most of it
Or sausage or fat. Yeah, like bacon and eggs and sausage. There's nothing wrong with bacon and eggs. That's good on the scampkins man. Yeah
but
Mooshie like a cream of wheat and and of course all those cereals that are really killing sugar loaded cereals
Should kneel dumped in my space page 154 votes who cares 73 who cares already with that stupid
Much of rumor not crap, huh with that baby crap a bunch of little children and a bunch of pedophiles looking for them
And yeah, see I told you in the beginning
I was really a little bit suspicious on the page of that one there and have been a very beginning because
First of all you show me a 17-year-old high school kid and he's got a my space page
I would assume depending on how long it's been up there that there'd be a lot of
Teenage chicks on there when you think so I would imagine and we're like a couple but generally speaking or mostly
Teenage boys on there mostly well under the age of 17 like 14 15 and one of them
I mean a screaming queen like an underwear, you know that's not what I would expect is yeah on a my space page of some
heterosexual high school senior but nevertheless
Should kneeled up to my space page who cares 73 know it's fun 36. It's fun. Oh, yeah
Yes, it's nothing but grief dump it 23
So it's fun. Keep it is winning by a pretty good margin. I hate my space dot com 21
And I hate this pool still only one and you want to know why cuz it really have a new pool today
That must be it
Don't you think I imagine it's 0.5% when the hell did we ever do a pool in recent memory where we had like one person say I hate the pool
Huh, that's a good part. Uh-huh, right? Oh
Speaking of polls
On the eve of a major speech tomorrow night by president Bush a
Demented lunatic who needs to be baker acted
In which he's expected when I'm honest and listen reportedly 20 to 30,000 troops to be sent to a rack of new pool finds that a majority of the US are against the so-called surge or surge in over here
Remember that movie no time for surgeon. Nope
According to the USA today Gallup Poli American public opposes Bush's expected plan
61 to 31% with a presence of poor primarily within his Republican base
Anybody else with a brain is like oh are you kidding me send more people over to get killed nice nice
A number of polls have shown that when given a choice between a set of alternative ways of handling the troop situation in a rack
Only about 10% of Americans out for the alternative of increasing troops Frank Newport writes for the right wing gallop news service
The rest opt for withdrawal of troops either immediately within a 12 month time frame or by taking as much time as needed
When a doubt get him out okay bring him home tomorrow bringing home in time for Martin Luther King day next Monday. That's what I say
How do you like that? All right, but don't confuse him with the polls. He doesn't govern by polls
He governs by
Insanity a lunatic a maniac. I wonder if Doug Thompson's got a new com today never even check. Oh, please track
Well, I was so busy checking on my space. Oh, I know. It's like crack
Well 183 votes on here. Well, I said it and only oh now we got three hate the polls. See they don't want to let me down
That's a softball audience. We had 30 on there yesterday who hate me like poison
About 30 man, and that's fine and the feeling is mutual. Okay believe me. There's more than 30 of you that I wouldn't wish on
Heinrich Himmler, okay?
I would wish you on
Santa Joe Bell
So you also said he was uh look like sanny cloth the the very first day that I was on the air talking about and
That's that's how I described it Santa Claus. Yeah, he'd be the perfect sanny
All jolly and ring the bells and all the other stuff ring the joe bells and then of course on Christmas day
Guess what empty stocking man empty stocking
A Florida. Well, this is this story. I just for you and I'm sure you saw it about craft foods
No, I didn't oh
You're gonna love this I'm not I'll do I'll do it after the break because I don't want to like it a short slice yourself some sort of craft cheese while you read it
I don't have any craft. Oh, good. My friend
Good
nasty. It's all made out of the same crap
See what I love is processed cheese food product sure, which means it's not real cheese. That's just uh
Pastries and a whole bunch of chemicals in there pasteurized processed. Are you ripping a Louis past door now? No, not me
And what that was her name? Marie Curie Curie Kid Curie
Uh, Curie your curry
Well, I still can't get over the way Ryan Philippe looked and that foot go
I saw I saw who you did last summer Jesus. Man did he look good anyway
Don't get started on that crap again now. Let's make the New Year's resolution. You'll be a little less baggy in 2007. No chance
One thing about this show very few calls and a lot more faggery. How do you like that just just
Just why because that's that's where the way I feel that's me
Strong with little faggy, okay
Yeah, Ryan Philippe and even though you don't like him, but what was the
No, I like it was a terrible joke. It was James Conn
It was a home with Benicio Del Torrell was in them way of the gun the way the gun. It's a good movie by the way
The way of the talking like this. I didn't notice because I was very way destructive by the
Almost fun with him the point why you'll be with putting on my favorite scene was then and I probably we can't say the line on the year
Whatever the hell it was that when he went to the the blood donation
Oh, yeah, that was hysterical
Was it blood?
How about it was firm don't I thought it was yeah, but whatever the hell it was oh jeez. I would like to help them on that
How I can't go into it too deeply
191 votes on the pool. Look at that. We got almost 200 votes. What time did we put this baby up there about 20 after?
This is like the old days baby. We're making a big comeback
This because they don't want to hear two and a half hours of music again
And I did on the blog apologize for doing that because I know the audience doesn't tune in to hear that although the responses
I've gotten so far they all enjoyed the music
No complaints haven't had one complaint saying what I was really back everybody liked the music including the guy
Used to work for the beesleys all the phone is ringing that means there's a package downstairs
You hear it. I don't hear it back. I'm not gonna go get it though
Phone is ringing that means there's a you a something a FedEx downstairs
Maybe I'll go down and get it while you do about two three hours of the show or we play a tape
Let's play you get on in the Pope again for a Johnny. We got it. I'll load it right up. Of course. There's probably lots of things on there that we can't say anymore
Well, that's right. I forgot about that and lots of comedy bits that we can't play right
That's another thing to think about jolly sat a joe bell
Yeah, all those tapes that you're so crazy about and it's not worth going into
I'll take you one thing Gary Sarner. There's another him and Brian Schmutz
Maybe you could arrange for like a death trap for the two of them. Don't fight. This is the Neil Roger show
This is your dream
A long long time ago
It was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine
And no one knew what was in store just ended the Spanish American war
So they ported like it was 1899
The more events that made you shiver, but then what times we did deliver
A promise that was kept
With that famous one small step i can't remember each event or everything that man did invent
A century we will present
This is how it
My my how the time it did fly since it started some departed many tears we did try
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
It all started when two guys were right when they put an airplane into flight
And the start of radio
Signified had his mum to thank and want to theory and act blank and the Titanic that story
We all know
Well world war one it soon began with shooting arch du prens has heard and
Millions died from the flu
And last thing it was brand new and then Russia had each revolution
Connected both the fioshin's monopolies we won't see again
A hundred years gone by
And we were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started some departed many tears we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
I
Would had his valedictive a teen a mask produced a new model tea and then birdland in near Paris
Then some moldy brand gave panicillin wall street and the great depression and women would vote like you in me
And
Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and world war two it soon began made your return from land
The project man had ten
They're a pollution trial in Tennessee. We caught a first look at TV
Then the day that lives in him from me
And
Three years
Come by
And we were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started some departed many tears we did cry
For the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
I
Frank played Winston they were soon to be winning starting with the
Dane Bayon but at what an appalling cost
In Russia no one did the frost in Germany they find these laws discovered the horrors of them how it cost
Oh
That man little boy and old the gay changed the whole world on that very day
Meadow had just begun and trying to move by
The first player in baseball that was black is real got their home land back
Massachusetts selected Jack
Years come by
And we were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started something
Quoted many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
I
Separate for equal made such a bus a rosa to tide when on the bus
Holy old cured with the vaccine
Then rush out get us big time with spot Nick our troops into Korea quick
discovered
The double he legs
Oh
But promised to get us all to the moon
You is first in space
Yeah
And the French said we're going to the night cubus missiles gave us quite a fright
Southeast Asia is on to fight a hundred years
Gone by
You heard and we were singing my my how the years they did fly since it started something
In many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
Neal's giant step was the big news
Rover's way gave women right to choose
Mixing resigns about water gates
Got the troops at a Vietnam had hostage just taken by Iran and a virus made us too scared to go day
He's a test to babies held the loft some guy named Bill started Microsoft
Chernobyl explosion
The Berlin wall gets broken
The USS R says goodbye
Some students in China they did try seven died in the Florida sky
A hundred years
Gone by
Walk solid and they were singing my
My how the time it did fly since it started somebody bought it many tears we did dry
For the century it's time that we said goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye
A hundred years have gone by
We were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started some
Deported many tears we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye
Cause a hundred years have gone by
That's 11 away to five sixty double human by sure like that
But let's play another three or four times and we can go home right you probably have a cute up right there
229 votes on the poll and you can't believe all the comments that are coming in on our my space page about this forward taking as in none
Another classic example over incredible see that's the one thing on there don't ask anybody any questions
Because almost never will they answer them like well where are you?
Would you live?
Did you ever steal a freight train any of these things they they just don't respond
Have you had different experience in that?
I got similar experiences some positive some uh, you know
Most of the time responsive I find anyway two hundred and twenty nine votes should kneel dump the my space page
Who cares?
106 know it's fun 53 it's fun
Yes, it's nothing but grief 35. I hate my space dot com 30 and I hate this poll
Five now well, that's more like it 2.1 percent as moving up. Speaking of hate
Here's a real hate facts for WQM's Joe Bell the idiot of the week
Obviously trying to you know from somebody's website or something is it really yes? Yeah, the website is my idiots
Dot com or something
And it's obviously an Eddie Kay fan and he's very upset and says Joe Bell's an idiot which he's read about that and nitwitty says
But we'll no longer listen to the station thanks to Kenning of long running Eddie K show and about how we're our traditional radio
Thanks to satellite is dead and blah blah blah blah and
etc well the interesting part of this is this
Very angry and just a friday so listener or ex-lister
picked the wrong day to do that because Eddie K returns tonight at the end of midnight at a time when most people are still awake
And will be on a lot he'll be on a lot and he'll also be filling for the mad dog and for the hunter winner on vacation or on days when they're not on
Or on days when he wouldn't be on well, however that goes and speaking of trash your radio being dead
Before we get well don't let me forget that crap food stir. I'm sure you won't but I got other other fish to fry here first. Okay
Sirius satellite radio paid Howard's during a bonus worth nearly 83 million dollars today
For surpassing the subscriber goal sent a 2004 contract that already had turned heads with its 500 million dollar compensation package
The freewheeling and ride balls stir and join seriously here go jumping from the FM dog where he rose to become one of radio's biggest stars
But frequently bridal government and decency regulations and ties with this corporate bosses
So those maven's out there those experts those those self-appointed sensors of common decency who up to show Howard off to rest your radio
Congratulations. He's only getting about six hundred million dollars for it
Did a heck of a job
His defection marked a turning point for the nascent businesses satellite radio with both Sirius and larger rival XM satellite radio paying millions more
The sign on other talent attract listeners to their subscriber model
If I was on there I guarantee we'd have 80's in endless news and it would be the hottest things since Tallahable
But nevertheless, I'm not and I won't be
Sirius had roughly 600,000 subscribers when it signs during in 2004 for a contract valued at five hundred million dollars over five years
At the time analist had to forecast the company would grow about three and a half million subscribers by the end of last year
Sirius and Stern agreed to an added bonus in the event the number of subscribers exceeded that forecast by more than two million
Last week the company reported that it ended 2006 with more than six million subscribers at the middle of a forecast range made in December
Tricking the bonus payment of about twenty two point one million Sirius closed at three dollars and seventy six cents so shares today
Sirius said the bonus to Stern would not increase its diluted sheer count that expenses related to the payment of him reflected
Not operating results throughout 2006 but it would put a book about so there's 83 million more for Howard
I'm sure he'd be more delighted to write me a check for the three million just rounded off the 80 Howard
And sure hold off a check here for the extra three million else. I'll say. Yeah. I'll split with you guys a little bit
I'll send each a hundred bucks by the pizza
Oh for me
You don't need to buy big-bought pizza now. Let's see that was in the movie last night. What's always the name of the movie again with Harrison Ford
Firewall. Oh, okay
Howard David was in it
Mo Howard David was the pizza burger right and
And they they were she was expecting pizza to be the world. Yeah, you'll see it
I don't want to I mean that part doesn't I'm not gonna spoil it for you. That's it
Pizza liver guy turns out to be one of the thugs one of the kidnappers
And he comes he's got a pizza Bosch and he walks in the door and she just jams her down the floor and then the two kids in the whole deal and
It's not too bad
Wasn't now and I wasn't him it was uh who was it that was kidnapped and where was it Paul Newman?
Was in that movie in what movie kidnapped by this guy and
The guy was a crazy person like a lot of our listeners and taken out of the woods and his wife was doing everything to try to get him back
And then the end he died when I was Paul Newman wasn't it?
I don't know I don't know I don't
I really are you cereal somebody will know it somebody will fix it in
So I'll call it in but I don't know if he had to ruin it for me
What sounds like it would have been a good movie. Oh, it's a very good movie. But he does die me. Yeah, well, you're not gonna see it anyway probably not no
Look at all the time I'm seeing
But
Yeah
All the radio, keep your radio in full, full, full, in the heat of the world.
All the radio, that's what it is.
Yeah.
Keep it back.
1118 at 560 WQAM, 277 votes on the poll.
Well, here's that story about the craft that you hate like poison.
You know, I hate to admit this before I do the story.
Two nights ago, I had a dream about eating a certain kind of food.
Fish food?
No.
Macaronian cheese.
Oh.
Okay.
I like macaroni and cheese.
But not craft macaroni and cheese.
Nope.
I'm telling you whether they have good macaroni and cheese.
I told you this before, I'd call her in the lunchroom at call her.
And also, I'd would like to have, why is it at every cafeteria at every race track in the country they got macaroni and cheese?
It's one of those things.
generic.
Yeah, it like it's ubiquitous.
Really?
Yeah, everywhere.
A Florida woman is suing craft foods in, accusing the Northfield or Illinois-based company of mislabeling.
It's Capri-Sun juice drinks.
I think she's got an excellent point.
The lawsuit was filed yesterday in a Palm Beach County court by Boynton Beach Florida resident Linda Rex.
Hugo Linda and is backed by the advocacy group the Center for Science and Attribut Interest.
Both call the foil pouches almost juiceless and said the lunchbox staple doesn't deserve its all natural title since it contains high fructose corn syrup.
See, I said a gagan on it and just puke there, did you?
Just about.
Oh, I better take a drink of my fresco.
Ah!
Ah!
Though Capri-Sun claims to be all natural its main flavoring would be more accurately called fresh from the factory.
Michael Jacobson executive director of the Washington DC based organization, Senate statement.
That's organization.
Let's put it this way.
Unless you and your chemist friends are prepared to undertake a little Manhattan project in your kitchen, you won't be brewing any high fructose corn syrup from scratch anytime soon.
You might be scratching it, but that's about it.
Rex said in the statement that she bought a packet of Capri-Sun for a young relative thinking the foil pouches were healthier than soft drinks.
Surprise!
But when I got home and got out my glasses, I threw it in the garbage when I realized it contained high fructose corn syrup.
It was nearly identical to soda she said.
Loaded with sugar. Just loaded with sugar and chemicals.
The company said it's been working for a year on the new package that removes the all natural claim.
It took it they've been working for a year on a new package.
Oh no rush.
Yeah.
The new packaging is scheduled to go into production in about two weeks and then that would for real say two he was working for a year on a new package.
The new packaging is scheduled to go into production in about two weeks and we'll say that Capri-Sun contains no artificial colors, flavors or preservatives.
According to a statement from Mark Firestone, Krabs executive vice president for corporate legal affairs.
This new product description resonated well with consumers Firestone said.
Wow. It resonated well with consumers.
Mm-hmm.
High fructose corn syrup, a popular sweetener found in most offerings, is made from cornstarch and there's only one thing I can say to cornstarch and that is as the Chinese are fond of saying, F.
The Center for Science in the Public Interest which has sued quaker oats, freedually and other food companies from mislabeling food items said corn syrup doesn't qualify as an all natural ingredient
because its chemical bonds are broken and rearranged in the manufacturing process.
Craft shares, Georgia like this fell 15 cents and after I'm treating you stay on the New York Stock Exchange.
Good.
As Georgia would say, it's probably been very biased.
I still like craft macaroni and cheese.
Let's try with the other kind.
Such as like Borden or any other kind or even generic Borden.
I'll tell you what I do like is Borden's like paste rice processed cheese food.
Yeah, that's the one.
Yeah, it slices me.
They have good to eat the whole cheese in a food.
They're kind of like a cheese like the rats won't eat.
They're cheese like that's what you think man.
You put a bunch out in your front yard and you see how many rats it'll attract.
Yeah, that possible wouldn't have anything to do with it.
293 votes in a pool should kneel, dump the MySpace page.
It's an emotional time on MySpace for all of us.
Are we having an emotional breakdown about it?
I'm not saying nothing I damn near did.
That was just pathetic is what it was.
It was silly, it was ridiculous.
And again, like I said, that's my luck.
That's my lot in life.
If it would have been anybody else, I keep saying this over and it's the truth.
But this one schmuck, this one schmuck evidently has never grown up and is an overgrown child.
But there's two, a lot of booze, a lot of broads and a lot of bomb hits.
And eventually it affects your brain or where there used to be one.
And he's vanished from the face of the earth as far as I know.
Maybe he's selling health insurance in Las Vegas.
Should kneel, dump the MySpace page, 293 votes, but that's a lot.
Yeah.
That's it about an hour.
They're pent up.
Well, they're pent up because they had that stupid old report.
Right.
Although it's not moving at all.
Who cares 138?
No, it's fun.
64.
64 say keep it, it's fun.
Yes, dump it, it's nothing but grief 45.
I hate MySpace.com 39 and I hate this poll 7.
And one of the recent chronics now, what tells this guy's name AS?
And I think he left 1s off, AS.
Please don't dump the MySpace and he's just all over it like Stink on Joyce Man,
over and over and he has nothing to say.
He has nothing to say like our callers, you know, nothing to say.
Let me just look again to see if there's like another, see, and that's the thing about it.
So you think there are all these people that are going to respond and the fact of the matter is they don't.
And you want to know why?
Because you only deal with like 968 people.
So out of that many, how many are you going to get?
Now there's nothing new on there.
So we're taking a poll on it and obviously the people who are on it don't care enough to send it very best.
They could give a crap on where they're the other, because they've got 75,000 other friends.
They sure as hell don't need me.
Or they check it once a week like, you know, some of us do.
I see.
Well, if we do keep it, I'm going to be off it most of the time.
That's best.
Rock and roll, Hall of Fame, back to new members.
But that's enough to make me want to play some more music today, you know what?
Almost.
That's not.
Well, I don't know what the big stimulus was with him.
He was the Godfather of a soul, man.
Yeah, right.
Whatever you say.
He sucked.
James Brown.
He just needs a noise maker and a wife feeder and a drill.
He's the best.
She probably had it come in.
I'm sure she did.
Van Halen, the Ron Nets Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five, R.E.M. and Patty Smith,
a Grandmaster Flash and Furious Five.
Excuse me.
I don't even know from Grandmaster Flash to share what an old fart I am.
Come right up.
R.E.M. and Patty Smith will be inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame this year.
In the 22nd annual round of honors, the organization announced this morning.
The members of Van Halen to be inducted are the brothers, Alex and Eddie Van Halen,
the bassist Michael Anthony and David Lee Roth, who did such a wonderful job filling in for a stir and not,
and Sammy Hager will replace one another as the band's lead singer more than once.
Gary Sherone, who sang with the group in the late 1990s between Roth, Seconds, and Hager's,
wasn't recognized.
When it doubted us his answer out.
The ceremony scheduled for the twelfth of March in Waldof's story, Hotel and Manhead,
will include tribute to Ahmed Erdogan, the co-founder of Atlantic Records, who died last month.
Remember we had that on the ear?
Ahmed Erdogan?
Yes.
Or is that Ahmed?
I'm sorry.
Mr. Erdogan was among the founders of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum, which is in Cleveland,
was inducted in 1987 as an on-performer.
nominees who did not make the cut this year include Sheik, the Dave Clark 5, the Stooges and Johtex,
the Dave Clark 5 did make it on-pist off and fired up now.
That is bad.
What was wrong with him?
I thought these people are a bunch of Brit haters or something.
We went through that before, you know.
I don't know what their criteria is, but it's crap, whatever it is.
It sucks.
And who did they put in there?
Van Halen.
Oh yeah.
And Patty Smith?
Oh.
Artist become eligible, here's the deal.
After 25 years after the release of their first record, our voted on by panel musicians,
musicians, musicians, musicians, and professionals, and journalists, and a bunch of pseudo intellectuals
who would know a good song if you stuck it in their ears.
If you jammed it inside their heart, well, I got a heartburn bad from something.
Really?
No, not really.
Not in real bad.
Not enough to know.
Come and get a graph of 310 votes on the poll that are in my space.
You people have wanted to keep my space.
You better get on that in my space and start begging like a dog.
Get up on your hind legs and beg, please.
Pretty please.
Oh god, Neil.
Tom Tom, I'm looking for the 7-11.
Tom Tom, where's the Newtie bar?
Tom Tom, this is a golf shop.
I said liquor store.
You need to buy a blunt at the convenience store.
You want some Ho Chi stands in your face.
And you want your mad dog 2020.
It's not Tom Tom.
It's Jerome Jerome.
Jerome Jerome, I need to find the discount baby clothes store.
I'm missing what you do.
You take a lift up here.
It's the homeless guy.
You know the lamp folks.
Jerome Jerome, where's KFC?
It's new.
We'll live a drive.
Thanks Jerome Jerome.
Here we got to make a pit stop with my type of people.
Well, as you see, the wife was expecting me home.
I'm sorry.
I'm asking about him.
It was cut.
Jerome Jerome, I don't really know this neighborhood.
What you want your ass home?
Work off some of that man in.
New way to find your way.
Jerome Jerome, available at rundown malls cross country.
And I'm dying for some good macaroni and cheese.
I'll tell you that right now.
Maybe we'll get a call from our friends at Skyline Chili.
Get someone at Chili Mac.
Remember that?
Yeah.
What that was that all about?
I don't know.
But it's good.
And you do today.
They just wanted to say Skyline Chili on here a few times.
That's all.
And more power to them.
Anyway, Olmari, not Lindomati, but Olmari.
That's his name.
He's a dark, complex, young gentleman in Miramar.
He says, another of this, my space talk.
More bedtime stories.
Neil, that's what Olmari says, which I would say.
Calm down.
Yeah, I could be writing all of these.
And look at this.
Sean.
Yeah, you could be acting.
He's up and taking other people.
Sean Ripy there.
I guarantee you.
I took a look at all of Olmari's friends.
And most of them are also dark, complex.
But there's a young lady in Miami.
Her name is heaven.
And I guarantee you, you'd love to be in heaven.
But nevertheless.
All right.
Sean, let's see.
He says, Ripy.
As Mohammed is profited of a lot, do not allow George to do another music show in your
absence.
I am praying to you.
Look into your heart.
What are you doing music shows, while I'm not on?
A little bit.
I'm holding a piece of stuff.
You're the only person in a guy who's supposed to be doing a talk show who plays music.
Right, yeah.
Like yesterday.
It was great.
And that goes about, but it says, had Simon as torture as men in conflict, they couldn't
have devised suffering as more hellish than that which was inflicted by the counter-walling
George forced it upon us.
Yeah.
We love George for reasons we cannot articulate, but his taste is not his touche.
His taste is in the beast's touche.
What can be said about a guy who will not sit through Casablanca, but never misses an
episode of Survivor?
Right.
I love the first season for what it's worth, Sean.
And I tried several times, including last week, to sit through Casablanca.
Horrible.
You must remember that.
Oh.
A chicken.
What is he?
He's made a mind.
Oh, the male with the male.
There's a bunch of polls.
It says, sorry for being so gay and censored.
Me too.
I'm sorry, not for being so gay and censored.
Let's see.
Who is most annoyingly gay?
Which gay person you most admire?
What do you think of gay people?
Well, this is awfully gay.
Gay, Sean.
Boy, maybe he's going through a certain kind of a period.
That's what Joe Bell would say.
It's probably that time of the month.
It says, gay time.
Some people have play time and maybe Sean's got gay time.
Maybe he's got gay play time.
In a blunt challenge to President Bush, the leader of the Senate's New
Dimmer, I got another edition for the poll for today.
My space is boring.
OK.
OK.
Let's add that on there too.
Right there.
In a blunt challenge to President Bush, the leader of the Senate's New
Dimmer, credit majority, said yesterday, he will look at everything with this power to
wind down the war in Iraq, short of cutting off funds for the troops already deployed.
I think we've got to tell the President what he's doing is wrong.
We've got to start bringing our folks home.
Our folks said Senator Harry Reid, who's as dull as a 400-year-old knife.
God.
In remarks that for tend to struggle if as expected, Bush announced his plans tomorrow
night for an increase in troops' length of 20,000.
An other senior Democrat Senator Ted Kennedy said one option under consideration would
be for long make his devote on denying the use of funds for an increase in the US
deployment official said late last night that the Massachusetts Democrat was preparing
legislation that would require Congress to approve the deployment of more troops and
was hoping for a rule call vote on the measured swiftly before any increases implemented.
More broadly, Reid's signal that Bush's expected call for an additional $100 million
for the war would receive close scrutiny from the newly empowered Democrats.
We have a platform we didn't have before leader Pelosi and I, and we're going to focus
attention on his more many different ways said the Mealy Mouth Reid made different ways.
Speak with Nancy Pelosi, suggested over the weekend using Congress's power of the purse
to restrain any troop buildup.
Nothing like the power of the purse, baby.
I always carry mine.
Just like the Queen of England, every self-respecting queen ought to carry a little purse.
And you think with the money she's got, she can, you know, pick out something a little
bit more stylish but never like, or at least the clutch.
President Bush's new plan for a Rackwell call for increasing the number of US troops in
Baghdad and perhaps other areas by at least 20,000 as he will unveil his new strategy
tomorrow night.
This stammering dance of a fool.
And I'm not talking about Joe Bell right now, not this moment.
I'm talking about W. Your leader.
The fate within the Bush administration is from whether to send troops always in a big
bang force right away or phase them in for month to month contingent over the Iraqi leadership
meets certain political and military goals.
And whether we have that long queue pose hooked up to the oil fields there.
The whole struggle has been going on for weeks and even once is what Prime Minister Maliki
is going to do about radical Shiite cleric Moktaut Al-Sadr one source said.
The phased and approach seems to be winning the day.
It allows us to get the Pentagon to get its people ready to go.
They're good to go.
Right.
Let's see how many more people we can kill, huh?
600,000 Iraqi poor bastards.
Oh, they showed a scene last night.
Did you watch Brian Williams and BC evening news?
No.
Oh, one of the, one of the towns out there used to have a population of 60,000.
It's down to 5,000 now.
And all these huts and these have burned out.
Oh, brother.
Yeah, looks like we still got some work to do with this 5,000 people there.
No, that's right.
When did that take them out?
346.
How come my space is boring is on there twice?
Is there any special reason for that?
No.
Somehow I screwed up and I don't know how.
Well, whatever.
The pay is important.
It's not important.
The world is not going to go stop spinning around because George just screwed up on our
pool today, although it might.
Should Neil dump the MySpace page?
And I'm sure that the Omari and Miramar is not too happy that I'm bringing the result
of the pool again.
Guess what?
Omari, too bad.
He seems like a good guy.
He's got a lot of friends.
Almost all of them dark.
Which is, I guess, makes sense because when you look at white people's pages on there,
most of their friends are white, right?
Wow.
Amazing.
That's white.
Who cares about that?
The crap.
165.
Almost 50% say who the hell cares.
No, it's fun.
71.
It's fun, especially for people like ASS or whatever his name is out there.
Oh, don't dump the page.
Yes, it's nothing but grief.
53.
I hate MySpace.com.
48.
I hate this pool.
8.
Only 253%.
So I can only assume I may be wrong.
You like it?
Yeah, they do.
And MySpace is boring, which is under twice one, one on one line and not on the other
line.
Out of 346.
Curtis Stevenson for the Mad Dog, too, today.
And Clarence still came up the schedule right.
But we got any K-reternning at nine to nine for that guy that got all bent on the
shape and said, Joe Bell was the idiot of the week.
You are right.
He is the idiot of the week and of the year and of the century, but not for the reasons
you delineated.
Because Eddie K. is back, which we fought out about in the weekends and Saturdays, Sunday
morning's very jackass column.
French President Josh Sharak has unleashed a torrid of criticism against the U.S.
Light of War in Iraq, saying the conflict, which he fiercely opposed, has boosted the
spread of terrorism.
And I would say he is.
Absolutely correct.
And a wide ranging years foreign policy speech Friday, Sharak fired a broad side of what
he called Washington's adventure in the Middle Eastern country, torn by sectarian
strength almost four years after the invasion.
As France had foreseen in fear, the war in Iraq has sparked up.
People said if you have to show their full of heights, Sharak told the French diplomatic
corps in Paris in Guy Perrier.
He said the conflict, which the U.S. still describes as part of the so-called war on
terror at launch in 2001, has offered terrorism a new field for expansion.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out to see it, to feel it, to smell it.
Sharak said it and exacerbated the divisions between communities and threatened the very
integrity of Iraq and undermined the stability of the entire region where every country now
fears for its security and its independence he said.
As Bush prepares this week to announce a major overhaul of the military strategy in Iraq,
Sharak said the poverty more than ever is to restore a full sovereignty to Iraqi people.
Although Sharak had 74 staff, deeply unlikely to stand for a third-term in France's presidential
elections today, please deliver a string of combative New Year's speeches to defend his
12-year legacy and fight off suggestions that he is a lame duck president.
Nothing worse than a lame duck.
Where did that expression come from?
I don't know.
Old?
That's another stupid expression.
A lame duck.
Yeah, you ever see a lame duck?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, a big chanee was shooting at it.
I always hit him in the leg.
Right in that wet part of the foot, you know?
1140, 20-till noon, a QAM, 354 votes on the pole.
Our goal is 400.
Well, this was a, like, a last minute deal here today.
Based on my emotional outburst about all this time I'm wasting it about that stupid
blog.
Why don't I come up with that stupid ass idea?
I don't know.
I mean, you think anybody really cares about that crap?
No.
Uh, maybe not nobody.
Almost nobody.
I'm not next to nobody.
No word of consequence.
Well, good.
Huh?
Fuck it in and hold it.
Coming to the theater soon.
Rocky 6.
Rocky takes on the best of the best at the senior center slug fast.
I, let's play Bingo.
I got a bingo.
But what you think, Grandpa?
Oh, that's a bingo.
You came here to put me in a home.
I came here to put you in a hospital.
Raise yourself, Grandpa.
Party a light green now.
Oh, Rocky 6 rated PG 65.
No one number 65 allowed without bladder control.
I'm falling.
And I can't get up.
Oh, brother.
So Jeff sends me a note on my space.
And I'll have to go back to it to read it because I tried to print it out.
And like the first sentence came out and that was the end of that.
Mm-hmm.
Much one of those things.
That's because I don't do it right.
He says about your pool.
I'm a fan and try to listen every day.
Thanks, Jeff.
Once in a while, facts with something to add, et cetera.
Would not consider myself rabid or worse obsessive.
I really do think it would be a mistake to lose the mind space page.
As Jeff, I just know the child's after his life.
Let me click on the thing.
It looks like an old coup.
Jeff is 43.
Like I said, old.
Not as old as me, but he's old.
I heard from somewhere that less than 1% of the people that listen to any given radio
show are participants.
Right.
Call or whatever.
I wouldn't be similar to my space, et cetera.
He says question mark.
I have to think there are much more than the people who have, one, that the people who
have included you as a friend who read your page.
It's also nice to have something that seems to take very little effort in your part that
enhances the show.
It kind of makes the Neil Rogers show plus a nice bonus for people willing to seek it
out.
When in doubt, well, they are a second out of you, but not necessarily the show.
It says do all music shows, wonder what bedtime stories, even weeks of the bird just cackling.
I don't care.
I wouldn't even presume to tell you how to do your show.
I would hate to see you pull away access to the big world.
Well, thanks, Jeff.
It's very nice to see Jeff.
Everything has an opinion.
There he is.
You can play.
Oh, look at this.
Here's the chronic David again.
Probably tell me to wash my hands.
Oh, this is a response to the Beasley thing.
Let's see.
It's a Beasley Broadcasting.
It's a radio broadcasting.
What is this?
It's like a bio of Beasley and the stock price history.
What do I want that for, David?
God almighty.
Oh, this is David the stock guy.
Not interested in the stock price or anything like that.
Go away, David.
Go away.
You're a crazy person.
And then the spaz guy from a higher lea says, if you get a Neil, are you insane?
If you get rid of the MySpace page, who else am I going to chronic?
That's a good point.
I'll put that on here.
Yeah, he's needs help.
He's in a higher lea, what do you expect?
So there you go.
Now we're at least going a little bit of combat on there.
That's quite a feather in our cabinet.
Show.
Don't want to be a lame duck.
Israel vehemently denied over the weekend a report by British newspaper
which claimed that it plans to attack Iran's uranium enrichment facilities
using nuclear weapons, YJ.
Accordingly before quoting Israeli military sources,
two Israel Air Force squadrons are training to blow up an enrichment planet
in the tons about 120 miles southeast of Tehran using bunker buster nuclear bombs.
Two other sites will also be hit with conventional weapons.
As soon as the green light is given, it will be one mission, one strike,
and the Iranian nuclear project will be demolished
on the Israeli military sources told the newspaper,
however labeling the report is incorrect.
Israeli military spokesman Mark Reagan told Deutsche Press that Israel supports
an average of about 1% of the efforts of the international community
by the UN Security Council to stop Iran's nuclear program.
The nuclear weapons would be used only if an attack with conventional weapons was ruled out,
and if the West decided not to intervene, the Sunday Times report would be saying.
Meanwhile in Tehran, once again Iran voted a valid retaliation
in case of any military attack by Israel against its nuclear sites.
But a bit better will put them out.
The red heads against the Jews, the Arabs and the Jews, the Jews and the Arabs
and leave the rest of us out of it.
Okay, will you please?
Will you please?
Cracker please?
When did that leave us to hell out?
Of this age old conflict?
And then again they showed us a little town in Iraq.
I forget what the hell in name of it was, not as a making a difference.
And who is the Shiites and the Sunnis?
They're all blaming each other.
Oh no, they're the ones who are doing it, and they said that the Shiites couldn't
even walk down the street without the Sunni killing them.
Oh.
Yeah.
It sounds just like Northern Ireland all over again, doesn't it?
Those Protestant marching days.
You either have your kids walked down our street and by the Bing man will, yeah.
All your religious nuts out there, man.
You're the ones who create all the tourists for the rest of us.
Those of us who are maybe a little bit sane, a little bit rational,
don't believe in all these ridiculous fairy tales.
You're the ones who create all this nonsense, all this insanity, this hate.
Hate!
That's what religious is all about.
It's a big tax-free scam for big bucks and spreading a lot of hate.
Oh look at this, facts.
It says from WB.
It says, oh, all right.
Whatever that means.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
All right.
Elaine Duck, I suppose, would call it flight challenge.
There's one unable to keep up with the flock and it was just easy pray for predators.
The phrase, Elaine Duck, was first applied to the London Stock Exchange.
Oh, don't start with the Stock Exchange.
David will be fixing me again about the beastly.
David, go wash your ass with Pirell, okay?
Will you please over the Firell?
Get out of here.
First applied on the London Stock Exchange in the 18th century to brokers who couldn't pay their debts.
Oh, let's put some lipstick on this pig.
I'm this Elaine Duck.
Beginning in the 19th century America, Elaine Duck was used to describe a congressional representative who had failed to horn swagger the voters into re-electing him in November,
but who was not due under the Constitution to actually be booted out until the following March.
Thus free to even the pretensive accountability of the voters, such Elaine Duck's usually voted themselves as scandalous jackpot of perks
until a stop was put to the practice by the Elaine Duck Amendment of 1934.
Today, new Congress people take office in January.
Their defeated opponents no longer have a chance to loot and pillage on their way out.
And thus Congress has become a temple of honesty.
And you thought the duck story was ridiculous, you said.
Excellent job, okay?
So, oh, all right.
Why did he, why did he preface it with, oh, all right?
It was a good facts.
Yeah, it was.
With some information there, I mean, not the most fabulous in the world.
But it was pretty meaningful.
Something I shouldn't know about the Elaine Duck Act of 34.
Should Neil got the MySpace page, 386 votes, he just got off to a phenomenal start,
and now all of a sudden it's kind of like tailed off, kind of like a Elaine Duck poll.
Who cares, 179?
No, it's fun, 78.
Yes, it's nothing but grief, 60.
A lot of game players, a lot of Soros, a lot of heartaches, a lot of emotional angst.
I hate MySpace.com 55.
Now let's see, do we combine number three and number four there together?
You could.
Could, if I want to.
We'll see, we'll see how it turns out tomorrow.
I hate this poll eight, only nine, only 2.3%.
And MySpace is boring five out of 386.
Can I tell you one of the reasons that it's really boring?
It's like taking phone calls on the show.
Mm-hmm.
Same reason.
I know.
Because you're looking for, well, whatever you're looking for, you just don't get it.
Right.
In other words, I'm not just talking about sex.
I mean, it's another whole kind of thing.
I was.
Obviously, a lot of those people are getting it.
But if you're looking for some kind of intelligent dialogue back and forth or some kind of a, whatever it is, it just doesn't happen.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Very rarely.
Sell them.
I'm still waiting.
Huh?
And although Mike from FSU, who's from Cooper City, he's about as close.
And of course, Harry from Detroit, who's now in Hawaii, on vacation, I assume.
Or maybe he's chasing around the young Hawaiians, I don't know.
But they seem to be the closest to like real people that I've spoken to on here.
And how long we've been doing this crap since October?
I guess not for yet.
Since Miguel got his brain storm, we're going ahead and sticking this thing on here and screw up my whole life.
And practically putting me in a silo, I'm in a straight jacket.
I think we ought to make it Miguel's responsibility to go out and fight all of these people.
Not just Jacob and Bryce, whatever it is there.
Fight all these people who've been on there.
Line them up.
And say, will the real, please stand up.
Like to tell the truth.
Where's Gary Moore when we need him? Where's Chickenack?
So Chickenack was on there reluctantly. Is that what you told me because he hates the Rupert Murdoch?
Yeah, well, you know, he's his own worst enemy and he's always talking about, you know, he'd like to gain some notoriety.
So I said, well, here's a free promotional vehicle. Why don't you do it?
And he's like, he's got one of the best pages on there.
Right.
I told him, do whatever the hell you want with it. And it's hysterical what he did.
With his old boon in the box.
Yeah.
That's the way I'm.
Greetings and happy new year. How are you?
Back to you.
I'm having serious thoughts about reinstate my my space site.
I had dropped it because I got tired of a lot of the game playing you're talking about.
But if you're going to keep yours, I'll reinstate mine.
Really?
In other words, if I show you mine, you'll show me yours.
Essentially that's correct, sir.
Mark's on another subject.
I don't know if anybody has reported to you about the new Marty Groff.
The hall formerly known as Highly With Greyhound Track.
Right.
I went by there this weekend.
You talking about God's waiting room and the poker room.
Yeah.
Oh, a constant flow of all the cockers.
They play one hand.
They play one hand. They go outside, have a cigarette.
You know, then they, by the way, you know, you're more of a car.
You're more of a gambler than I am.
Do you know if it's appropriate if you're a carcable to pull out a book and start reading it?
Because I swear to you, one of those that is racing form and start,
and later on the carcable and start looking at the takes for the race,
you know, make up your mind, you old coutes.
So, if they pull out the menu for the early bird, then no, it's time to leave.
Well, they gave a, they gave away a, I'll set up the joke.
They gave away a Hummer Saturday night.
The first name they drew, apparently she lived in Century Village.
She left on the bus so she didn't win.
So they had to give it to the next guy they drew.
Well, don't make them a sticky-in, Pellie.
I certainly won't throw out the movie.
Look for it in our space in your place.
God bless.
Bye-bye.
Well, seeing what this fax is over here.
A lot of faxes today, tracing the addresses I would like to add,
don't know from my space to the pool.
I begin to explore anything in my space, and after hearing about your last plight,
I plan to put it all together.
Good thing and trace, you don't get started.
It's like getting started on drugs.
I unsuccessfully tried to fax an email your article about the Gerlido.
Now, it came through.
A good article about his band 30 seconds to Mars.
Sounds like it might actually be decent.
Last, I don't know if you read that Vern Troyer is an alcohol rehab.
It's a bummer, but I hope he does well.
Vern Troyer is an alcohol rehab.
Yeah, I got the check.
Oh, no.
Have a great day.
You two trades in Kendall.
Well, if you were like a little midget like that,
and everybody's making fun of you.
Yeah, he's making a lot of money for being a little midget.
Yeah.
No, he's having problems with it.
He's not here.
That's what Timmy said.
And look what happened in Port Little Tire.
That's right.
And Irvay Villachez, who, uh, who he brings in.
Yeah, look at him.
He can't even find his plane no more.
Irvay.
And what do they do?
They bury those people like a little tiny coffin.
And that's bad.
I'm just curious.
They do?
Yes.
A little tiny one.
They find one of the pits.
I can relate.
Oh, Port Tiny!
Where's that guy, huh?
Well, we took one caller and it was pretty damn good.
It was real.
Like a huge caller.
And I'm not promising anything more like that soon,
but that's the way I'm going to do the show.
We're doing our own agenda here in Joe Bell,
but out, Sandy Claus.
Okay, keep your nose out.
I told you a long time ago.
Keep your ass out of this show.
I don't need any assistance from you.
At least not in that category.
The things we do need assistance from, uh,
have an help us.
As Duffwood say, attention men.
Well, he says that a lot.
Yeah.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shake my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
It sounds that you hate.
But I'm an idiot.
And I think they're really great.
I doubt that you can't handle one or two.
Much less or eight.
It sounds that you hate.
Come in from the boys.
They will surely separate.
I tell you what they are.
Guaranteed you'll go, yeah.
I like fingernails on a blackboard.
But people back then, next to the nose,
when I rough style a phone together,
that just makes me shudder.
Eight sounds you can't stand.
But you could tolerate if you were a half the man I am.
And to the list of eight.
A fork and a knife scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate scraping on a plate.
Scraping on a plate.
Here's what I really love.
You might want to try it.
Give me feedback in my headphones.
Oh yeah, that's more like it.
Little more, little more over there, little more.
Yeah!
Eight sounds so unique.
Now let's review so you can really, really free.
Figure nails on a blackboard.
When people crack their neck or their knuckles,
rub and sire phone together.
Cause it makes me shudder.
I like when new sneakers on a gym floor,
raising in a room and a window.
When a guest is drilling my mold,
that makes me think,
bingo!
My boy singing on his record.
You tets all on fine china.
Oh yeah, it's a game.
It's a game.
It's a game.
That makes you a whiner.
Hey, do you go nuts if someone bites their fork like this?
Cause I love it.
Here.
I'll do it again.
Do you have a nervous system left?
How about the squeegee wiping a window?
I'll crack my neck.
Surprise wins.
Suffer wins.
Oh wait, I got one more.
I got one more too.
Oh yeah, nobody can add a lad.
Now let's see if I did this right.
Oh no, I got 40,000 little Brady quins as my desk.
I got to get the bigger picture.
Cause when you do that, when you set your background on the next time,
it'll put however many of the little pictures you have.
You have to have a big pile.
At least I got rid of that crap with the phony guy with the phony girlfriend.
And I also finally got rid of that track.
I'm just getting off all of that neurotic stuff.
Very good.
I am.
Well what's the point?
You have to cut the cord baby.
If you want to go on air and confabulate with somebody once in a while, that's fine.
But getting obsessed with it with all these imaginary people,
it's just a waste of time.
I looked at that tracker thing twice and it was cute.
It's like, I gotta look at that somebody in Seattle, you know, no, no.
That was it.
Yeah, and of course in the meantime, they're not really in Seattle.
They're probably in Proxy, but they're never really though.
They're playing games and they're pinging it around.
They're playing ping pong without the pong.
And with King Kong without the Kong.
And that's it.
Game players, man, it's a just a haven for game players.
I mean, I got played with twice.
I didn't even feel it.
426 votes still on that pool.
That's not too shabby.
You know that one thing about X-Strange versus walk into a molecule and killer bees.
I remember that.
Got that killer bee story because there have been a lot lately.
Broward County, what is it?
Embouried?
What?
Is a buzz.
Recently, a swarm of thousands of bees attacked a couple of their Duog and two firefighters in Fort Lauderdale,
leaving the people with nasty things and sending the pet husky to the vet.
Officials are waiting on test results to find out whether the insects were Africanized bees also known as killer bees.
I think that's a racial thing if you ask me.
So if they were not Africanized, would that make them less killers?
They see what I'm saying?
Right.
What if they were?
Sounds like a racial slant on it to me.
Oh, there's Harry Reid.
God is he ever boring and milked toasty and just, oh, good God.
How about you, a fistful of agriculture and work for that old coot?
On Thursday, a pest control company removed a three-foot long hive from a tree in Cooper City, Parkinglot, after customers got nervous.
A three-foot long hive.
Be Keeper Wainsworth Brown, here's of such incidents and worries, but not for the reasons one might think.
Brown of Lauderdale is afraid the Arab-Africanized bees will provoke residents to kill off the more dacile European bees that are vital to self-roaders ecosystem and economy.
He also worries their negative reputation will lead to further decline in local beekeeping and,
I practiced the Florida and Promethetic culture caused the first and best defense against Africanized bees.
The old beekeeper.
What is anybody getting involved in that?
For the money I mentioned?
That's the honey, Junior.
For the honey, for the money.
Do you get people who are not educated and they just want to get rid of them?
The old man's brown has about 400 hives spread out across the state, including seven in Broward County on a small farm off Griffin Road.
If we don't have bees, we don't have food, he said.
What does that mean?
They pollinate things like plants.
Like cows? Well, cows eat grass.
And you smoke it.
Yeah.
As bees go from flower to flower, gathering nectar, they pollinate plants, everything from Brazilian pepper to watermelon,
enabling them to reproduce and bear fruit.
In North and Central, maybe that's where our governor came from.
Bear fruit and a fruit.
In North and Central, Florida, where citrus grows and other crops still proliferate, beekeeping is big business, creating about $1200 worth of honey in 2005,
ranking the state fourth in the nation.
Did you know that?
No.
Did you know that?
No.
Beekeepers fight the spread of Africanization by maintaining more dossal bee populations, which compete with the Africanized bees and dilute their numbers.
But because of development, there aren't many beekeepers left in South Florida.
The old beekeeper, will he?
Will he be a keeper?
Oh, I'm going to be streaming.
Yeah, yeah.
I want you to surprise the front of him on our space.
We have fewer and fewer because of all the construction set.
You'd harden them in the West Palm Beach beekeepers, been in South Florida since 1974, but only as five hives left.
I've only got five hives left.
Ever get hives?
I don't think so.
In the wild, Africanized bees are a hardy-year strain that reproduce faster in tech with greater ferocity.
A single Africanized bee sting is no more venomous than a regular bee, but the attacking greater numbers creating danger, especially for those with bee allergies.
Oh, so anyway, in the movie last night, in this movie with Harrison Ford?
Right. The one that you're rooting for me.
So his little kid, the little boy, he's allergic to peanuts.
Okay.
And of course, one of the evil doers, he gives him a cookie that's got peanuts in it, and the kid almost dies.
He doesn't die though.
But anyway, when I was on the plane, where the hell was that coming?
Was it coming back up here, I guess?
I guess so.
And there was an announcement on the PA that there was a kid on board who has a severe pen analogy, and requesting that none of the passengers eat anything containing peanuts.
Okay.
And who is even the aroma from it, if you're allergic, if you're seriously allergic to it, even the aroma?
I guess not.
I will say this.
The aroma that I put you in a coma is like Joyce Farding.
Have you ever been with an arm's length to someone who is or has been recently eating peanuts?
Because that peanut breath will kill you.
I've smelled breath that was close, I think, and that some of those letters in peanut, but not exactly the same word you're looking for.
What?
African bees were originally brought to Brazil as an experiment to see whether they can improve the productivity of Brazilian bees to scientifically control intervening.
As Ms. Kharkin resholtate it, she's out of this world.
But the visitors escaped into the wild and bred of their own pace with the locals creating African eyes offspring.
This does sound like a racial thing to me.
Sure does, but...
A hybrid spread through the South and Central American of the Southwestern US in 2002 African eyes bees were first found in Tampa of all places.
Most made their way to Florida on freighters from Guatemala, according to the State Department of Agriculture,
a few large commercial beekeeping operations, so existing on the belt there is a South Florida like Locksa Hatchey in Western Palm Beach County,
Lee Del Signori owns one of them, 4,000 hives in homestead in Miami-Dade County.
See how we're in Miami-Dade County, I apologize for the promise I would never do that.
Well, there's soda being hanged again.
There's the new video.
All right, well, all swear to God.
Oh, there he goes.
He's still dead.
4,000 hives in homestead inade candidate produce about 650,000 pounds of honey every year. Well, that's a lot of honey.
Grab my junior honey.
He says the biggest threat to his DOS on European bees isn't a human encroachment of African eyes bees, but parasitic mites,
which destroy hives in a caused a decline in the nation's bee population.
In 2005, honey bees had to be imported from outside North America for the first time since 1922,
according to a National Academy's report.
Once mites weaken the European County Del Signori noted, it's much easier for African eyes queen to take over, like Johnny Metrus.
For this reason, beekeepers like Del Signori check their hives regularly for African eyes bees.
Kind of like checking the hood, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, there's some African eyes to bees in here.
It's like a tough job.
Time to move to Pontiac, man.
We got more Africaners in here.
Or how do you say that after?
What is it?
438 votes on the pool.
Not too bad.
Our goal is a 400.
That whole business with goal.
And we do, if we are going to keep the mind space thing, it looks like maybe we will.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let's see.
Now, yeah, at the moment it's running ahead.
But so we got to get to a thousand by the end of the month way of what?
961, what did I say?
968.
I don't know what you said.
968 friends.
And there are two or three of them that actually enjoy communicating with.
And two or three that I just assumed never would across my path.
Should Neil dump the MySpace page?
Who cares?
203.
Enough already with this crap.
With this swill.
No, it's fun.
In 92.
Yes, it's nothing but grief.
66.
I hate MySpace.com.
62.
I hate this pool 11 and MySpace is boring like most of your calls.
7.
Get in stickin'.
5.
5.
5.
5.
This was fun.
Where you can smoke and you can chew and you can really die.
Do it, smoke and 5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
Oh, right.
5.
5.
Oh, my God.
5.
5.
5.
5.
before you again try me to take a decision make the ball
I would have allowed blues and everybody out there was smoke and fire
That's all, fire and railing is in the middle of chill and pepper
The road jam is my break and it's like that's not the fire
Oh
That's not the fire
You're failing
That's not the fire
Oh
That's not the fire
WHAAAA
That's not the fire
That's not the fire
From 19 to 560 W.Q.A. Happy Tuesday from all your close personal
Pizons of Q.A. M. Cheryl, by the way, not the sure you're thinking of, not somebody we know
What a nice lady who got her my space page, just so she could communicate with yours truly
Aw, let's see me in nice note and she had nice things to say about you
Aw
Yeah
Thank you Cheryl
And I asked her a question
You like it?
She said yes
I said her a little nice, yeah, I try to respond to some of these people
Right, so my number one response is some of the other response
I believe you can comment, I say okay and I read them and that's it
455, I wish I had followed that policy from the very beginning but nevertheless I'm learning
I'm a slow learner but sometimes
456 votes in a poll should kneel down to my space page
Who cares to 10?
No, it's fun 94, yes, it's nothing but grief, it's
Soros, it's mind bending and mind blowing 68
I hate my space to calm 63
I hate this poll 12 and my space is boring 9
I hate this poll so I got 2.8 percent
That is shocking, ain't it?
A little bit
Only 2.8 percent
But then again that goes back to the same territory
And I'm so glad, who told us about that tracking page?
Who the, you that told me about that?
I told you and I was told by one of my my space friends
Well tell them that you hate them like Poisonoke
Okay, hey Rosie
Or her, whoever it is
Because it's bogus number one and then number two
It's even more aggravating when you go on there
And see that the same people are on there over
What are they looking for?
What are they poaching around for on your page?
What's the point?
And so I finally deleted that whole thing
I just got rid of it, you know?
It's not accurate anyhow people that are playing
Let me say it again, anybody that wants to play games
And won't tell you what county they live in
What their shoe size is
And even some who will tell you what their shoe size is
They're game players, how do you like that?
Mm-hmm
Jolie shocked by Madonna attack
She is shocked
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie
She, I tell you, she's not looking to good these days
Not the, no, for Wado
No, she's looking to good
In fact, this picture here I wouldn't wish her on
Jolie a Santa Joe
Oh, I just noticed too that this is this story like let missing
Oh geez
That's a good thing I just seen that
Hollywood actress Angelina Jolie said she was shocked
By attacks on Madonna over adoption of a Malayan Malawian boy
Malawian?
All right, Malawian
Maybe I don't want to come in
For adoption of a Malawian boy
But she says she would only take it to her from her country
Where the rules on adoption are clearly defined
Where is Malawian? I never heard of it
I don't know
Oh, I see, in other words, I was waiting
Because it sounded like you're, you know
It's in Africa
Says who?
Malawian, okay I'm going to read it from Wikipedia
I'm going here to the free encyclopedia
Ah!
The Republic of Malawian is a democratic densely populated country located in
South Eastern Africa
It has Zambia to the northwest, Tens and Eve of North, and Mozambique
Surrounding it on the east, south and west, Mozambique
When I was a kid collecting stamps, I had stamps from Mozambique
Triangles, no less
Yeah
Madonna's adoption of the boy last year led to some rights groups in Malawian
A question whether the American pop star had used her celebrity to bypass laws governing
the adoption of Malawians by foreigners and argument denied by her lawyers
I was horrified by the attacks against her, Jolie, who has two adopted children herself
told French magazine Gala
Gala
But Jolie ended up that she would have steered clear adoption from a country like Malawian
But down a new situation in Malawian, this country there's not really a legal framework
for adopting
Personally, she'd be saying, I prefer staying on the right side of the law
I've never been record child from a country where adoption is illegal
That's what Miss, what's her name?
Said too
Come on
Jolie and actor Brad Wally-Nobot
And we don't want to hear any more about frangilina, manjilina, it's just, it's ponderous
Only the most desperate of the desperate one here such crack
Yes, who died?
Who died
And you'll have to help me with this too because I have no idea how you pronounce his name
Iwawa Takamoto
Okay
IwAO
Sounds close enough to me
Iwawa Takamoto, the animator, created the cartoon, canine, scubidoo
As well as characters on shows like the Flintstones and the Jetsons
died yesterday after suffering a massive coronary spokesman said he was 81
Must have got a phone call from Jolie Jobelle
He's killing me, I'll tend to that, he is killing me
See, when he told me he'd like me to work at QM until I croak
I didn't realize he was working on it
I think I'm going to make me a couple of...
Then, oh my god, talk about I have no life
This one new chronic, my spacer around there, talk about a space couldn't
He says, boy, those hot dogs, you're sounding delicious yesterday, and you're like, oh...
Wow
I mean, is that pathetic?
Well, what is the word that you would use other than pathetic?
It's tragic
Sad pathetic
It is, it's beyond said, it's indescribable
Oh, and here he is again, he just came back again
I'm going to tell you, my psychic powers man, take me to the track with you
His name is Matt AS, I'm sure you left the last S-off
He says, um...
Subdict of Marlins
Sound Florida about to be frauded again, Florida Market
Florida Marlins coming forward to their days from announcing a stadium of blocks from the Triple A arena
And then it says again, for the second time today, don't leave my space
I don't know whether I will or not, Matt, or whatever your name is, but you're enough to make me do them
Oh, Jesus
This is the guy who told me how much he enjoyed hearing me eating those weenies yesterday
Why did you just come back on their ASS or whatever your name is?
I have no life, I have no life, I have no life, I have no life, I have no life
Takamoto died at Seeders' Sinai Medical Center in LA where he was being treated for respiratory problems
See, he died in the hospital, they'll kill you man
Just like they then near Diddemi and Mount Sinai over there in the beach, they then near killed me when that gallbladder offers
You remember that?
I do, I remember that phone call
Oh, to Rick Riley
Yes
Well, that's enough to make you sick and just write off the van
That's how I do it was serious
Yeah, when I would call him
Takamoto designed Scooby Doo was equally famished and cowardly master Shaggy and their pals Velma, Daphne and Fred in the late 60s
while working at the Hand of Arbor Animation Studio
The great name was inspired by an improvised line at the end of Frank Sinatra's Strangers in the Night
Scooby Doo would be doo, how do you like that?
Wow
Of course, if you didn't know that, you're an idiot
He also designed a snickering dog, Motley was featured in the number of productions and Astro, the family dog on the Jetsons
Both Sons don't think he created the great Kazooegreening, I never heard the great Kazoo did you?
The little green alien that followed Fred around, you never watched the Flintstones
What are you talking about?
You must be a crazy person and you are a Kamuni-stog guarantee of that
Kazooegre was featured prominently in the latter seasons
Well, I probably didn't see that
I don't want him, okay, because chicken elk will probably send me the NDVDs
He sent me all that, how do you do these stuff and what was the other stuff he sent me?
I don't know, just do it
I know he does with the best of intentions, but stuff that I'll never watch
But he said his wife was pretty close to you
So you sent me a bigger part, I thought he said you're Rocky and Bowwinkle
Like I said, I remember it as being much better than what I saw
Beyond God
You were a kid, you took Flintstones vitamins to make sure you'd grow up big and strong
But today, big and strong isn't good enough anymore
That's why you need to give your kids Flintstones chewable steroids, a non-vitamin with the extra punch
Ask yourself, what do my kids need most?
Healthy balance nutrition or a lethal muscle mass that makes them feel like they can crush anything in their pan
Flintstones chewable steroids come in glory-tasting flavors like Brent Flintstein diol, Bam Bandrelone, and Oxendino Dread
With Flintstones chewable steroids, your kids will love their new bulk and striated muscle tissue
And it'll be years before they even care about their ever-shreaking genitalia
And what little girl wouldn't want to be the first in her brownie troop to have her own goatee?
God bless, mom, we're on a pyrmousal
Rocky, I should move, we're on a pyrmousal
Make your kid up, Flintstones chewable steroids, kid, 10 million strong and bulging
1232, I'm speaking of bulging, I've got my weenies in the flavorwave right now
Are you gonna be here for that guy again?
By the way, it's Mark not mad, I just got a correction on there
It's Mark not mad, whatever the hell it was, okay, you're saying I know how mad or how you spell it the matter of the name is it still comes out the same
I have no right
And speaking of the flavorwave, so my close personal friend, Harry from Detroit, who is one of my my-space old fart buddies
He also got the flavorwave because of my suggestion, he said he's okay but he's got some other new one thing he likes better
In other words, whatever I like, they got better, you know what I'm saying?
It's always the case, isn't it?
Yeah, I really don't care, I love the flavorwave and I, you know, I've got some better, enjoy it
Thank you again
Enjoy life, that's my message to you
Do not harm, take no crap, enjoy life, those are my three year rules to live by
Should Neil dump the my-space page, 487 on there, we're gonna make 500, we're gonna make 600 maybe
Maybe we should do that as our goal today, 600
On a full restarted like 25 past 10
Not bad, huh? Not at all
Not good, but not bad, what do we care?
Should Neil dump the thing, who cares 223, almost 46% who gives a crap, enough with it already
No, it's fun, 100, 100 people say it's fun
When does that start?
I'll let you know
Oh, well actually when I started hearing from people that I, you know, like people that I thought I knew
Like my cousins kid and some other people I thought, what is this gonna be a lot of fun?
I'm gonna hear from all these people and then the rest of all these phantom people, you know
Yes, it's nothing, and let me say this to you, okay?
Because I noticed very interesting, but most of the teenagers that seem to be on there are all illegal, they're all jailbait, they're all underage
Male, female, you name it
You know what I mean? Like what do you mean?
Like that
Like a trap
How come I don't get a friendly email from somebody who's like a high school senior who's 18?
Even if it's only imaginary with some real hot picture, you know what I'm saying?
I wouldn't mind getting suckered into somebody like that, even though of course some old fart is probably reading it, what do I care?
It's still fun
For the dimension, yes, it's nothing but grief, 71 Dupet, when did Dupet out of it? I was pretty close
I hate MySpace.com 68, I hate this pull 14, and MySpace is boring 11 out of 47
Over L, I forgot to see, because I didn't get to these yesterday because you made me play all that music
Sorry
No, I'm glad I played the music, I enjoyed it
Me too, it's, you know, it should be up
Did it really?
Yeah, I did, I had a lot of fun
Oh, you could have jive into it
Were you really?
Yes, I was
And what about Josh Kordes on his last thing? You probably, you know, he enjoyed it?
Did he?
Yes, he did
We were talking about it
You know how much I like Josh, he's a good kid, but when I played ELO, I had telephone line
And when it ended, as expected, I asked him, you like it?
And he said, yeah, it's okay
Yeah
He didn't know ELO from HMO, okay, what you talking?
He didn't know, Matt from Mark, Mark in the dark, that is shocking, isn't it?
Yes
These punks with his garbage, I don't want to sound like an old fart, but I am, and I do believe that
When did they stop making music? What year was that?
Well, it just kind of went underground, that's what happened
I see
On Saturday, over a thousand protesters occupied the Sands of San Francisco's beach
Part of a new Democratic speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi district in order to spell out the message in peach
I think there's a word missing, there's a lot of stuff, oh this is chopped off
America is a great country Brad Newshemilocal CampGrav in author who organized the event, said in the press release
But President Bush has betrayed us, he must let us in a way disastrous war and is trapping on our constitution
That's so really correct sir
He has to go now, I hope Nancy Pelosi is listening
And it shows the picture of him with this big guy that says in peach on a beach
In Anglo-Speech
San Francisco's ABC Affirmative KGOTV COVID-19 protest
You think the country has the stomach for another impeachment ashtah
See and it's chopped off, somebody, Nobles is Nero's
I don't think we don't have this stomach for another two years of Bush protested, Dan Schmendrick said
While the station's legal analyst noted you can't impeach a president for incompetence
He does think the strongest legal case against Mr. Bush would lie for the national security agencies
More and less wiretaps of Americans American telephone calls
Plus of course, now he wants to open up your mail
He's probably going to read your Myspace comments, he's probably going to trash your Myspace messages
And find out if you're really in Mount Laurel, New Jersey or in the year field beach Florida
Or wherever they have your hangin' it out, you know?
Yeah, Phoney, Bologna, Phoney is a 72 and a half dollar bill
This is going to time out really well because my thing is going to...
It's going to be beep
Right during the break
Am I wiening?
Maybe this would be a regular feature on the show every day between noon and one
Neal eats a wiening on the show?
On the air?
A couple
Well one is never... I mean, you know, for a big more like me one is never going to be enough
So I heard... I have to have a couple
Schneider is by the way
Same as that the microwave bacon I told you about that you can't get
I know
And they're really good
Nothing like a good wiening at lunchtime to keep you going through the day
5, 6, 7, I'm going to give the number out just out of habit
I'm not taking any calls but I'm just... well you never know, I might sneak one in like that
Other one I snuck in there?
Right
Pretty good
Pretty good and I believe that's the way we have to do it
And next time you see Joe Bell you tell him
Muscle out, get your nose out of our ass
Okay tell him that right to his face
Because I know you, you would never speak beyond anybody's back
And you would never say anything about him to anybody else that you wouldn't say right to his sandy cloth face
Right
Tell him listen, Neal is not happy with you
In fact he had you and he are done
Done just like my wieners mayor, they're done
We're done, we're finished
I did like how it's thinking a lot and as soon as I said that
Here you go with my Blackberry Buzz
Oh it's from Tompane.com
Did Sodom die for our sins
And guess what else just happened?
At the same time that I deleted that
Guess what others sound just came for?
That one
So the wieners are ready and there's your president
Look at him
Look at him
He's slumped back in the chair
He looks like a real slumber in which he is
He looks like kind of a slumber that got thanks to daddy
A gentleman C in Yale
And didn't show up for his national guard duty
And is a real piece of dreck on two legs
And there's Maliki, man
It says Democrats made posters but will not cut funding
And we know that
499
I'd like to get 500 before I go and get them
500 even
Nice going
My queen
God
And your trail was his name and it turned off his favorite part too
He kept the channels for the play
He got three runs
This runs no time to put food
In the strain of 92
Like the strain before he had another little dude
He heard a rumor
All Angela spelled
And was the time
I remember
Oh so well
The night that
Queue was
Durge Brown
All the poems were ringing
The night that
Queue was
Durge Brown
All the people were singing
The night that
Queue was
Made of some dead cattle
Turned on the news
Over the ground
Was a dangerous cow
Though she lived in RTV
He had a child out of her life
This blue dance reality
Now he's wandering
If old boy found
Had a hand in break
And nothing commonly done
Burden burning
Now after a flame
Winded big bird
To come an agent
For South of the same
The night that
Queue was
Durge Brown
All the poems were ringing
The night that
Queue was
Durge Brown
It's water singing
The Georgian
Over the sea
Made of some dead cattle
Turned on the news
The club 46
How do these dumb people
Get to be president
And vice president
And stuff like that
Of course you're a forward
He didn't get elected to any of it
But nevertheless
Now he's dead
And Dan Queue
Like that
And George W.
Like that
I mean now we need now
There's the Jetsons
Isn't that the Jetsons?
That's Kazoo from the Flintstones
Oh it looks just like the Jetsons for me
It looks like they Jetsons kind of thing
But it's hard for me to remember me
No I don't
Not really
What's up with the Jetsons?
He called Fred Dundum
All the time
Well you've got a better memory than I do
Oh look at that
I better take care of this
This is a thing
Another thing
A real fact that actually came in on my facts machine
Oh
I'll eat my heart dog now
Go ahead and stay
517 boats on the pool
Got several people on my space saying
Oh please don't dumb it
What are the things that is
I don't know
Well they're probably trolling for ready to eat late on there
Maybe
Probe
And more power to them
I understand that it has worked for some people
Okay
Ask Miss Kamal works real good for her
That was that on my space
That was a chapter from what I hear
A chat room
Yeah
Well there's one thing that comes to my mind
When I hear chat room
And that's it
Look out
My my my
Look out
Say haven for lunatics and preverts
I'm not just talking about ordinary perverts like me
And you
Right
I mean more like dangerous perverts
Sure the illegal kind of perverts
Mm-hmm
The ones right
And by the way if that whole thing was a
Harming trap which I'm sure it was
Didn't work did it
Nice try
Very weak try
And like I said maybe
Maybe my next encounter is on there will be somebody who claims to be at least illegal age who looks really good and really puts their own picture on there
Or even if it's somebody else's picture you know what do I care
You can only hope
Only hope one
But it's a real person that's you know of age
Mm-hmm
Or it doesn't make any difference if they say they were of age and that's how do you know how are you supposed to know?
You check ID
Perth certificate
Yeah
Shoesize
Mm-hmm
Carbon dating
You'll be pleased to know I did get you a shake of shoe size by the way said 11.5 to 12
And then he went on to elaborate with some kind of a with a sexual
That was a joke obviously but with a sexual comment and I'm thinking to myself isn't interesting how these other people are the ones who make the sexual comments
Yeah
These 30 years old but that's beside the point
But anyway I'm finishing up my winner
I hear you messing with the mustard there
What do you mean by that?
Here the knife clink in the jar
The knife in the jar first of all I don't have I don't use a jar man you better get with a 20-a-centre mister
I got a squeeze bottle
Oh what's clinking?
The knife on the uh...
Oh it's a slice man it was a slice
I thought you were dipping it in the jar there
Yeah dip this
That's the word that goes after dip
Dip this
Okay
Take your take your time with my lunch
Let's get back to these really good calls not
Now you can tell Jolly Joe that Neil took calls today and he had one really good one
One for one even baby root never bad at a thousand
And we got 527 votes on my space page I'm pretty proud of that
Officials believe White House chose the new intelligence chief in effort to darken Iran intelligence estimate and broaden domestic surveillance
Oh my god
nominees company audited the swift banking spy program the nomination of retired vice admiral John Michael Mike McConnell to be director of national intelligence
is part of an effort by the vice president to tighten the administration's grip on domestic intelligence
and grease the wheels for a more aggressive stance toward Iran
current and former intelligence officials believe he's greasing it
Your vice president the anxious evil dick chaining
He's greasing up his chaining
If confirmed McConnell will replace current national intelligence director John Negra potty the butcher of the Honduras who was tapped
Frighted become deputy secretary of state under secretary
Condoleezza rice oh condom Lisa I think I'd have played that a couple times today
According to officials who spoke on condition demand and the meeting Negra potty says it felt a lengthy internal administration battle
Between the office of the vice president and the two-year-old office of the director of national intelligence
According officials close to both men to issues surrounding Negra potty's departure and McConnell's nomination
A forthcoming national intelligence estimate on Iran which the White House could use to buttress a case from military force and
Pressure from the vice president to augment domestic surveillance they're gonna come knock it on your door baby with it without their bathroom bond
Tour three in the morning just like Xavier Suarez
Checking to see who's been naughty and ice you'll see
Negra potty had resisted both efforts tension sword after he made a public statement last year
That counter the administration position that Iran was an immediate threat and that it's alleged nuclear weapons program was in advanced stage
The NE on Iran is that issues have one former senior intelligence officer close to the butcher of Honduras Negra potty
And it goes on and McConnell will go along with whatever change he tells him to do and make sure that no objective NE comes out one former senior intelligence officer said
He's a yes man kind of like what we like here at QIM man a yes man yes
In fact remember one guy who used to say that he not here anymore though who
See out of sight out of mind. I'm still for time because I'm sure it's in here somewhere. Oh there it is. There's a boss knows the boss. Yeah him
Although most of them was noser
535 votes are to pull the one good thing is I don't see guilty on the schedule very much anymore, but that's a real relief. Oh brother
How about those Panthers if they were gonna play again or what?
Odomar night against the penguins that must be a home game, huh?
Let's be now what about Chris is Chris into the sports nerd thing or not?
Yes, your sports nerd not quite a narrative, but I do enjoy them. I was asking whether we enjoyed them just asking whether you have any concept of who's on first and who's playing where and what's okay?
Because that's very important you understand a QIM because that's our number one priority
Forget about their ratings forget about the revenue forget about the spots forget about the sales forget about the listeners forget about all that stuff
There's only one thing that counts that's that's it got it we got it good
Panthers and the penguins I believe at the macarena tomorrow night I wonder if the make believes are playing it in my I just kind of like lost touch with all the hockey stuff going on
Yeah, especially when John pull missed the empty net at the end of the leaf Buffalo game there wide open that hey Johnny over here
Maybe okay, you look pretty good, but you don't stick it in the biscuit in the basket
But there's leaf practice on these TV talk about people with no life. What kind of people watch practice? Oh, geez
It's like the people would go to Dolphin camp. Oh, we're gonna over watch practice
But there's Bob cool. He was only 110 when that game was played
Yes, seriously, you know, it's like I can understand people might want to go to a baseball game early to watch batting practice
Even though I mean, you know, that's pretty boring
But at least they're gonna be there to watch the game there will be an actual game played afterward
Yeah, but people who show up to watch practice whether it's NFL whether it's a hockey people who show up to watch guys practice
And not even again, those people are really pathetic good God
I'd rather spend the whole day on my space trolling for somebody pretending to be a legal agent look pretty good
And you'd be pleased to know they got my Brady Quinn. I got my desktop all straight and new now
Not the best picture, but the one of the boxers short bathing suit with some chick on his arm. Well, then you didn't straighten it out, did you?
Well, I straighten something out
No, it's got it's got into five five Brady's on there, which is okay
Back on it. That's me. That's me. I'm a magnopologist for it. That's my thing
Shortly after the US military debt to honor rack reached three thousand about 60 anti-war grandmothers gathered mid-night time
Man had to read the names of soldiers from the region who died in the war and by the way that the gas they had yesterday
Must you do about nothing? Did you see that? Yeah, that's what I heard it was just a fragrance onions
Yeah, it was just Jersey the smell of Jersey walked across the river. That's all it was. Oh God is that thing? Yes, Jerry
The only people who have suffered out the young people in their family said Rebecca Lubiton a Lubitkin a
Participant at the vigil with curious tourist-snaping pictures members of grandmothers against the war read the names of the dead from New York, New Jersey and Connecticut
This is after the death to a now it's three thousand eleven and it's climbing in the course of many since all these additional troops over
They only have this surge. It's just another surge in dead people and the people mutilated with no body parts no eyes no arms no legs all of these
Already stories man and the country sits back and wants to know important stuff like
They even go to Alabama or not, huh? Who won the BCS game last night?
That was no little contendry man. Oh, how is they should be embarrassed to hang their heads in shame and my right Chris they stunk
Yes, they did
When you lose to the Gainers man you really because I don't pay attention those teams anyway who cares?
See college football to me is so it's so it's embarrassing
I mean, it's okay for the people to go to school there and for the alumni and for you know families
But all these other people all these bandwagon jumpers you jump on the bandwagon can beat that gator me pathetic get a life
544 votes on a pool. I think we got a real shot at 600 if you put the pedal to the medalist are we could do it and then Joe Bell will fear you
I would say this to you. Okay. I want to go overboard on him
You know how there are people in life where I disappointments to you. I like Jacob for example to me and I'm sure you've had your share
Sure, you wife
Yeah, but I would say Joe Bell probably is the biggest disappointment of anybody I've ever worked for in my life because I really although I did tell you early on you know
Yeah, I should kneel but as time went on I thought well, maybe there's a little bit of hope and guess what there's
Not should kneel dumped the my space page who cares?
451 no, it's fun 109 109 I
Hate my space calm is moved in the third place 79. Yes. It's nothing but grief 76 drop that baby on
It's hate. I hate this pool 15 and my space is boring 14
This got the real and when I'm up in Boca Tika slapping all women with paint and lips around the pool
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the old Rogers there in balance one to two hours
I
Can't get over that you
I'll have you know
I know what I'm talking about
I'm
I said the boy in the back of town. Why you lose?
I have my car, a whole new sport, whole boot. I know everything that's going on in that
rules. Why I even know all the new Majot rules. I've hit the jack that he owns.
Two badges going down tonight. It's a bad idea when I take your place. I know I ain't no way
play with him. But when they drop my boys will chase.
Yeah, little smoothies.
Oh, he's got it.
One, two, at five sixty W. Here. Look at this. Justin wants to be our friend on our
mind space. Justin is 26 years old and my spine. He's got a picture on his page of a guy
about 80. See, this is in reverse. I like that. No problem. We approve it. We need to.
We need the numbers. Okay, we don't care. We'll put just about anybody on there. No more
minors though. Nine sixty nine. We need only thirty one more to get to a thousand.
I won't be that it won't that be a feather in your Yankee Doodle. What was that Yankee Doodle
stuck a feather? Where was it? Oh, Pau Kregman writes. See, I'm got stuff saved up here
that I never got to because of that crappy music show you did yesterday. That's right.
There was one person I complained about. Oh, and likewise Sean, every other time I'd have done
some music shows where I play a tune here and their rave reviews from wall to wall.
And I played music nobody's ever heard before or things that they never ever heard or haven't heard
in years. Something really. Yeah, all over the place. Paul Kregman writes, Kregman are the
vanities. He says the only real question about the plan surge in Iraq, which is better described
as a Vietnam style escalation is whether its proponents are cynical or delusional.
Senator Joseph Biden, chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee thinks they're cynical.
He recently told the Washington Post administration officials are simply running out the
clock so that the next president will be the guy landing helicopters inside the green zone
taking people off the roof. Daniel Coniman, who won the Nobel Memorial
Prize in Economic Science for his research on irrationality and decision making, thinks
they're delusional as in like that. Mr. Coniman and Jonathan Renjon recently argued in
foreign policy magazine that the administrations of well-emissive face reality in Iraq reflects
a basic human aversion to cutting one's losses the same instinct that makes gamblers stay
at the table hoping to break even. Oh, yeah. Of course such gambling is easier when the
lives at stake are those of other people's children. Well, we don't have to settle the question.
Either way, what's clear is the enormous price on nation's paying for president Bush's
character flaws. I began writing about the Bush administrations and
fallibility complex. The president's kept in quick luck in ability to own up the mistakes
almost a year before the invasion of Iraq. When you put a man like that in a position of
power, the kind of position where he can punish people who tell him what he doesn't want to hear.
And base policy decisions on the advice of people who played it was vanity. It's a recipe for disaster.
Consider on one side the case of the CIA is bagged at station chief during 2004 who provided accurate
assessments of the deteriorating situation in Iraq. What is he, some kind of defeatist as
the president and the court of the Washington Post at the end of his tour of the station chief was punished with a poor assignment.
On the other side, consider the amendment to Bush's turn to since the midterm election that constitute a remarkable
coalition of the unwilling, men who've been wrong about Iraq every step of the way but are not willing to admit it.
The principal proponents of the surge are William Crystal of the weekly standard and Fred
Rick Kagan of the American Enterprise Institute. Now even if the joint chiefs of staff hadn't given the surge a thumbs down,
Mr. Crystal's track record should have been reasoned after ignores advice. For example, early in the war, Mr.
Crystal dismissed as pop sociology warnings that there would be conflict between Sunnis and Shiites and that the Shiites might
try to create an Islamic fundamentalist state. You're sure national public radio listeners that Iraq's always been very secular.
But Mr. Crystal and Mr. Kagan appealed to Bush's ego suggesting that he might yet be able to rescue a signature war
and in my view, only person noticed that after all the end of the end of the war in the window surrounding the Iraq study group,
that ease men come into fixed juniors, mess, etc. Mr. Bush turned for advice to two other sons of famous and more successful fathers.
Not that Bush rejects all advice from elder statesmen. We know that he's been talking to Henry Kissinger, but Mr. Kissinger is a kindred spirit.
It remarks published after his death year on the fourth set of a secretary of state, Henry and his mind never made a mistake.
So whatever policies there were that he implemented in retrospect he would defend.
Oh, and Senator John McCain, the first major political figure to advocate a surge, is another man who can't admit mistakes.
McCain now says that he always knew that the conflict was probably going to be long and hard and tough, but back in 2002, before the Senate voted on the resolution authorizing the use of force, he declared that a war with Iraq would be fairly easy.
Mr. Bush is expected to announce his plan for escalation tomorrow night. According to the BBC, the theme of his speech will be sacrifice.
But sacrifice for what? Not for the national interest, which would be best served by withdrawing before the strain of the war breaks our ground forces.
No, Iraq has become a quagmire of the vanities, a place where America is spending blood and treasure to protect the egos of men who won't admit that they were wrong.
Here's a fascist from a Sammy who says, I finally ordered the deluxe flavor wave and they offered a deluxe cookbook for additional bucks.
Who wants the cookbook? Perry Sammy.
It says, is the standard cookbook the heavens would be oven good enough to start with? Listen, if you don't know how to cook something, I forget about it.
I too fired up a couple of Nathan's dogs yesterday if you're hearing you developing yours down and was singing telephone line all night.
And it says Josh knows squat. Well, it comes to music. Josh does squat. And then it says, mmmm, you're so good, Neil.
As Miss Foley would say.
Huh? Let's start hearing from some real hot people on it.
You somebody else's picture like that guy just did the 26 year old. I don't know whether it's a really old guy saying he's 26 or a 26 year old guy saying he's old.
But judging from his friends on there, I'd say it's really a 26 year old guy.
Who's being clever and creative? Now they're all being clever and creative. Just don't make up a whole bunch of crap, okay?
That's my warning to all you people who get involved in any of this crap online. Beware the evil, the hostile fag and all that stuff.
Just beware where we do. Well, there's Candy Cowley, man, with no makeup.
She's got a mustache. Look at that. Man, she has never looked more meose. I mean, no, she's, she's an okay reporter. Look at that.
Candy Cowley on CNN with a mustache and with no makeup. A little bit of lip gloss, but that's about it.
And there's Ted Kennedy. Say, look, no additional truth. No, we don't want to hear you, Kenny. We want to hear what Teddy.
And look at all the way he lost. He's looking pretty good.
Who? Ted. Remember for while there, he was his biggest house. Yeah. His biggest apartment complex. He was bigger than the Humper almost. You go Ted.
He's looking pretty good.
But of all of his flaws and all of his pimples and all of his, you know, stuff.
Candy found all the weight Ted lost.
See, found it all right. And what she didn't find the Humper I think found. I'm a ground.
Should Neil drop the MySpace page? We have 576 votes. 600 is a given, man. We're in.
And there are probably people out there saying 600. What the hell is that usually going for a thousand and for like 1200? Well, this was a spontaneous thing, man.
Right. We started five minutes ago. That's right. Just like this call here. Q. I. M. Hello. Go Gators.
Oh, another bad wagon. But probably a hurricane fan. No doubt. Yeah. Go Gators.
Although I'm glad they won. You know, I don't really care. And didn't certainly wouldn't be betting on no college football game.
You know, that that really, I'm not going to go into it. I'm not in this station. It's the waste of time. Waste of my breath.
I'm going to say it again. People who bet on ball games, and you're going to say, oh, yeah, well, you're playing the slots over there at woodbime. Yeah.
At least I'm having a good time. Oh, whatever. Exactly. You're playing a game. You're betting on yourself. Sort of betting on blind luck. That's all right.
And betting on nothing to win. But at least you were doing it. So you're engaged in that activity. Right. I'm not sitting back and then and having to have an over his breakdown over whether or you know, somebody else does it so that I can cash a bet.
Right. That to me is like, oh, you know, that's the same as that. Now horses though. I mean, I'm not driving him out there. I mean, it's not he braided out there five wide on the middle of track. And they just started the race. And he was on the rail.
Should Neil see now what do you start with that stuff again? Because I'm a bastard. You are. Although what's your name? Cheryl likes.
Thanks, Cheryl. Should Neil dump the my space page. It's certainly something I was thinking about very seriously before the show today. I'm thinking, oh, brother. And again, from a personal standpoint. And I did that blog, which is an active lunacy.
Thinking that people would read it. They would respond to it. Then I have something to say. You made a good point before the show. It's just too much work for nothing. Right.
I don't mind doing the work if there's something to be accomplished. There's some rights. Right. I got four hours a day here to irraculate you know, to ramble on and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
I'm just, I'm just a, I'm just a, stay, stay, stay, stay for the next about the next six, so much to do, maybe in fact, the first person to make this happen is, every, the next member, everything that can happen is like, all right, all right, all right. Can, the few farmers, you know, you know, I mean, I honestly, this is my environment, I mean, okay. I've been trying to balanced policy, the policy will be, I think I've been, I've been trying to, I really, I appreciate, the great effort, I appreciate, the power now driving up finally, the real thing about this, I agree, the power of potNG, nonbalance like when all types of centers come in, when they drive up and the house are actually legislators? Yes. I agree, it's the right treatment, the values you'reYeah, I agree, but if I knew that, when I said that, I actually said, I feel well and, I agree
Yeah, right?
The MSC is proposing today another vote in Congress.
They got it.
They won't put it on either.
They got the audio and they got this bitch on it or whatever.
It says in.
Here we go.
The American.
Everybody's interrupting them.
This is an informal.
Whether to fund military action and Congress can demand a justification from the President
for its ejection before it appropriates the funds to carry it out.
This bill will give all Americans from Maine to Florida to California to Alaska to Hawaii
an opportunity to hold the President accountable for his actions.
The President's speech must be the beginning, not the end, of a new national discussion of
our policy in Iraq.
You go to bed.
Nice going.
9.588 in a poll.
Who cares?
270.
No, it's fine.
Keep it 120.
I hate my space.
I come 87.
Yes, it's nothing but grief.
81.
You know, you add number three and four there together.
It's not too good.
My space is boring.
15.
You throw that in there for a bit measuring.
It's not good.
I hate this poll only 13.
15.
Whatever the hell it is.
Where are their elected representatives stand on one of the greatest challenges of our
time?
Don't tell me the Democratic Party is going to get some backbone, get some balls.
We're nepian ovale, huh?
Oh my God.
Wake me up.
I'll be a Zoom.
Don't like.
All the heartburn.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Don't know, don't know every time I see.
Why they wanted one to have a night here.
First known to the four years.
With President Thump's ****.
Oh, what I get to know both ones more.
And get to we all voted more.
Oh, why?
If you want this.
Don't know, don't know this.
Drum and stupid me.
Don't know, don't know.
I'm this drunk in rich kid.
Don't know, don't know.
He's even numbering me.
Oh, he's President Thump's ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got a man by hook or crawl.
I'm a Christian.
I know what's best for you and I.
But how no fear we've got a great leader here.
With President Thump's ****.
President Thump's ****.
Oh, President Thump's ****.
President Thump's ****.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
When it's time to punch a.
Because I feel you in human being.
With a bachelor of all tough you get fired.
I hope to study harder.
A few more years to show.
I hope to keep on spending high.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
When it's time to change the post of the town.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's the party we've got.
Now to be in the face to change.
I always hope that everything was the fine.
Everything is fine.
Don't you feel repression?
The post of people are all.
Who are getting scared and scared and scared and scared?
Don't you feel scared and scared?
I hope to keep on spending high.
And I hope to pass the difficult to watch you since you are don't know.
Who is just so known?
It's the best you've ever seen.
It's the worst you've ever seen.
It's the worst you've ever seen.
The havin' is the right thing.
Cut the end of the fast.
Able to see fun can close.
A havin' cut the time.
A havin' cut the time.
When you want to talk to the goal,
Then set it here for fire.
So, I'll take your best and go.
So, if you have a little feeling for the first,
I'll be the only one who can't help but be one who's fine.
I'll be the only one who's fine.
I'll be the only one who can't help but be one who's fine.
I'm not afraid of your expectations.
I'm not afraid of your expectations.
So, if you think that you're the only one who can't help but be one who's fine,
The only one who can't help but be one who's fine,
The only one who can't help but be one who's fine,
The only one who can't yet help but be one who
is fine because you never know.
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
We can't make it happen, we can't make it happen
Almost 30 years later, and here we're going through the same crap
It's like Desi Luw all over again, man
Lucy, Lucy, anyway we got the 615 votes in the poll
How do you like that?
The Vatican didn't know that former Warsaw Archbishop had spied for Poland's former communist regime
When Pope Benedict XVI with his fancy shmancy red shoes nominated in last month, the senior cardinal was quoted as saying yesterday
He didn't know he had spied
Archbishop Stanislaw Wielgos resigned on Sunday after meeting the collaborating with Poland's communist secret police
Convector of the Vatican's top shmancy red shoes had gravely compromised his authority, just like Ditalin with little boys, with alter boys
Benedict had defended Wielgos in the face of a rising tide of allegations
And the Vatican said on the statement last month, saying it had taken his past into account when he elevated the former bishop of Plach to the prestigious post
Well, Plach him
But Cardinal Giovanni Bates de Ray who had the congregation for bishops
The powerful department which decides the future careers of aspiring churchmen said the Vatican did not know the truth about Wielgos
Just like they don't know the truth about Jesus and about the child molesting priest and any of these things
And about all that money that was stolen from the Vatican bank, they don't know nothing, you know? They didn't do nothing
When my senior wireless was nominated, we didn't know anything about his collaboration with the secret services
But he said he was quoted saying in Italy's,
Codilletta della Sada newspaper, Codilletta della Sada, I just like to say that it rolls off my tongue
Just like that delicious Italian food, the real Italian cuisine in Italy
Not at some place where they open up a can of pre-fabricated sauce, sauce and a can
Here I have sauce and a can
Yes, oh there's the floating one, it must be something important
The atheist lever with some phobabies and a nice candy
Mr. Lector, save me a piece
Huh?
I'm disappointed you passed on Clarice
Still eating people right after you kill them
Not even eating behind a tiny crow, the Lector
Finger-looking, he quins if people taste just like chicken
If you see them all fall on the streets
Better honor you, I'll death me
Absolutely
Okay
I love this, it's a huge apacol, eat the clins and on your next free
Just remember your best today, see
Wow, what's that filthy thing you just sent me on my own?
I'll look at the express
Let's say a funny thing
What was it, a funny thing?
A funny little video
Well, it's a funny thing, who do I look here?
It's put on my call
What's it called?
I don't know
Flumber.com, couple of replays the political way
Rule plays, whatever they're playing
Right
Looks like somebody was playing with it
632 votes on the pool about myspace.com
And I'm getting several messages on there from like real living and breathing people
Good
Which kind of encourages me?
I mean, see I can be on it as much or a little as possible, you know that's right
I can be on it, as little as much as possible
I'm gonna be as little as much
Which is why I've removed certain things on it
Yeah, it's like a neurotic repetition
Get the Brady Quinn back on it, which I didn't at the early boxer short debating suit
Barry Lando is a former CBS 60 minutes producer and journalist with Timelife
author of the Web of Deceit, the history of Western complicity in Iraq from Churchill
The Kennedy and George W. Bush, and he writes this article on TomPay.com
Did Sodom die for our sins?
The disappearance of Sodom was saying means that a lot of current and former top officials in the U.S. and other Western governments can breathe easier
The story of the West complicity in many of the termest most horrific crimes or remain untooled, at least by the one man who could have spelled it out most clearly
The purpose of the special Iraqi tribunal was supposedly like the Nuremberg trial to educate Iraqis in the world about Sodom and his barbarous regime
That at least was the fiction, but the crime for which Sodom paid with his life the torture and execution of 148 men and boys from the town of Dujal
was a trifle compared to the dictators' far more vicious acts
On the other hand, no foreigners replicated those killings, which is just with the Americans who set up and rode heard on the tribunal head in mind
In fact, one of the regulations of the tribunal constantly overlooked is that only Iraqi citizens and residents can be charged with crimes before that court
Foreign leaders and businessmen certainly had a hand by omission and comission in the second case which is not continuing without Sodom, the charges against them have been dropped
It's kind of, it is in drop dead
It's based on the charges that he and his lieutenants carried out the genocidal slaughter of tens of thousands of Iraqi Kurds in late 1960s, which includes the gassing of men, eighties, men, women and children
With a key actor missing the tribunal who's all interest for the outside world and even for most Iraqis
But the damning fact is that Sodom's forces were carrying out their liquidation of the Kurds, American officials from the Reagan and George Herbert Walker Bush administration blocked attempts to the US Congress and the UN to condemn the Iraqi tyrant
They had similarly squelched early efforts to condemn Sodom, first chemical attacks against Iranian troops
US officials, not only claimed to have no specific knowledge of Sodom's ruthless attacks but refused to even meet with Kurdish leaders with first hand evidence of Sodom's barbarities
Sodom had been America's de facto ally and what would become a bloody eight-year war against Comenies Iran
The United States fed the configuration providing billion dollar loans, weapons and satellite until just then enabled the Iraqis to precisely target Iranian troops with chemical weapons
Ironically, even after the war ended, the Bush White House with its eyes fixed on Iraq's huge petroleum deposits and potential markets continued to defend and push trade with Sodom's regime
In fact, according to a memo written by Alexander Hague, Ronald Reagan's crazy secretary of state, it was the Carter White House in 80, which encouraged Iraq by the Saudis to invade Iran in the first place
Since Jimmy Carter has always denied that charge and would have been interesting to hear Sodom expound on the issue, Iran had originally requested that Sodom's invasion of Iran, which led to the deaths of more than a million people on both sides, also be considered one of the crimes by the Tribunal and that request was turned out
On the other hand, Tribunal officials had indicated that one of the major atrocities that would be dealt with was Sodom's slaughter of tens possibly hundreds of thousands of Shiites in southern Iraq following their uprising in 1991
They were asking the repeated public calls for rebellion by President George Herbert Walker Bush, they didn't realize that Bush and his pragmatic secretary, St. James Baker, didn't really mean it
When it looked as if the insurgents might actually succeed, the American president turned his back
The White House and its allies wanted Sodom replaced up by a popular revolt, which they couldn't control, but by a military leader more amenable to US interests
So as the US permitted Sodom's attack helicopters to decimate the rebels, American troops just a few kilometers away from the slaughter, ordered to destroy huge stocks that captured weapons rather than let them fall into rebel hands
How enlightening it would have been to hear Sodom recount his feeling of relief when he realized that President Bush's pair was actually going to help him stay in power
Forget the trial, what if instead of the special tribunal were along with it, Iraq had established a truth commission such as South Africa did following the fall of apartheid
So I might have explained what degree effectless US diplomacy was responsible for us concluding that there would be no reaction from Washington if he were to invade Kuwait in 1990
It would have been equally intriguing to hear Sodom expound on his relations with the French, who sold the dictator a nuclear reactor in the 70s, though it was clear he was after WMV
Or what about Sodom's views of the German government's east and west who closed their eyes as Scorsor's and German industries also helped Sodom build his chemical arsenal
Sodom might have had a few words to say about the British under Margaret Faxir, who were equally eager to cash in on the Iraqi arms venanza, Faxir's son included
Or what could have gone back to the beginning, to the charges that the CIA was involved in organizing the first act that brought Sodom into the limelight, his participation in the box 58 assassination attempt against the Iraqi President Kassim, who had proved too nationalistic and close to the Soviets for American and British Cold War tastes
No, not to worry, there will be nothing inversing out of Sodom, no, not since his next step as he plunge through the trap door and bagged that, unless somehow he managed to write or transcribe his memoirs
Now that thought might still make for a few sleepless nights
Very good
638 votes on the poll
And Monday, I'm Martin Luther King, then I'm going to be off that tape, it's a damn good thing I saw that this morning
Because unfortunately, it's one of those holidays that because of the racial thing, because it's a racist, bigoted country
It's like not the fourth of July or even President's Day, which used to be George Washington's birthday in April and now it's just President's Day
Because they don't want to give us too many damn holidays
That's right
Well, screw them
So anyway, being lazy like I am, and also since Joe Bell is a jackass and treating us in this show like garbage
I'm going to, and I'm entitled, you know, and you're entitled to if you wanted to but you won't
I won't, because otherwise he might talk behind your back
See, there's a lot of talking behind a lot of backs
Let's play the OJs in the backstabber
Come right up, I like that song
Me too
You got it?
Not that's the whole thing, the whole thing, let's just play a little of it
You got it, if you got him smoking baby
All right, I love this
OJs were good
Yes
OJs bad, but the OJs were good
Yes
Now what's this for Sandy Claus?
OJs were on no time, were they?
No, they were not
I think we're on ABC Paramount, but I'll look it up
Where the hell am I going to look it up?
Oh, I know where I'll look it up
And look, it's in the hook, look in the hook
You got time
I'm long talk about this
Is it a long talk about this?
I can do it
Whether report and the lost dog
I can do it
Now, but you can hear by the drum begin
Bop, bop, bop, what they do?
What they do?
See, the OJs won too many
Yeah, and I know somebody had won too many
Don't be drinking and driving Jacob, come on
Let's see, honestly, you'll have to pray the OJs
They were on Philadelphia records
I never could have told you that
I never heard no Philadelphia records, did you?
No, but I'm not up to date on the record labels
I am
Like you and Bokobrion and stuff
Well, and that goes with the territory
I've been the old parts back when we had records
See, now that you got CDs, who the hell looks at the label as on the CD for the CD?
It's a solidated now, see, it used to mean something
And now it's the EMI capital blah blah blah
It's on five label
Blah blah blah
That's exactly right
It's either blah blah blah or it's like that
Blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Just like that, what reminds me about the Mee's pop band
It makes me want to vomit up those O'weenies
Pretty good lunch, by the way
That's good for the diet, though
Just have the two O'weenies for lunch
Mm-hmm
Of course, the only problem is if you go out right at two o'clock
And get like ice cream instead
Yeah, that's a problem
OJ OJ OJ OJ
You kill the cool
You kill the cool
OJ OJ OJ
You kill the cool
You kill the cool
How beautiful
How beautiful
How beautiful
How beautiful
That night
When she turned off all the lights
There's no place where she could hide
Oh no, OJ was gonna get hurt
OJ went out to kill her
OJ went out to kill her
OJ went out to kill her
Oh no
OJ went out to kill her
That night
One day
The jury's gonna set free OJ
O'row we know we've got to head your way
Oh yeah
OJ is gonna get down
It's true
OJ is gonna come after you
And then who get away with that want to move
Oh yeah
OJ is gonna get down
OJ gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
OJ is gonna get you
One night
OJ OJ
You kill the cool
You kill the cool
OJ OJ
Okay, okay, you kill the cold, you kill the cold, I kill the cold.
I kill the cold, I kill the cold.
I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold.
I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the
cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold
I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I
kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill
I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I kill the cold, I
make actual mistakes, to article a
D
I don't know maybe he commutes.
What goes to you and if
What is you in it now is that is that University of Florida is that something else whoever we were says you and F is what is you and F
Hmm Chris I
Have never heard of it. So I'll look it up
Well, how they're gonna look it up if you find it'll be a good that's not Florida nobody refers
I mean you would be not you and F University in North Florida for me
Is there such a thing I'd ever heard of it?
But maybe it's in Jacksonville. Yeah, we'd try to help a thing. It's northern Florida
Well, like I said he goes to northern Florida. So he's from Delray Beach by way Jacksonville
Probably pretty lonely up there in Jacksonville
Although not for a guy who looks like that with a body like that, but anyway Eric Margolis writes lynching won't help you us
Anyway, the bug me of Saddam's for all that execution hurts America's reputation
Just when it seemed the Cheney Bush administration couldn't drag America's reputation a lower it did
The US is now being rebukeed around the globe for living president Saddam Hussein of a right-to-way Shi'ai Glinch mob
This was in the Sunday's Toronto Sun by the way
Washington Professor Price and I blame for this disgusting gruesome atrocity, but Saddam had been under US guard in the US run
Prison in the US green zone what did US officials think the model of US back to you act dogs intended to do it Saddam give him a parade?
The US has already been heavily criticised it for stage managing the Kangaroo Court to condemn Saddam
It was hurriedly executed to prevent him from really feeling embarrassing details about the involvement in Saddam's crimes of the US Britain and Arab oil monarchs
Ironically Saddam's courage to dig into the on the gallows will reinforce his claim to martyrdom and make him the hero in death that he was not in life
By contrast he went to New South Korean Secretary General who was shoehorned in office by Washington
shamefully supported Saddam's execution even though he went as long opposed to death penalty and an auspicious start for a timid yes-man
Following this latest violation of international law and basic civilised behavior the Bush Cheney administration is widely expected to announce plans to deploy another 20,000 troops to Iraq
This will be Bush's petulant reply to the bipartisan Iraq study groups wise proposal that all US combat forces withdraw from Iraq within a year
Senior American generals charged with the wreck including General John ambassade and General George Casey have openly disagreed with Bush's plans for a surge in US troop deployment
These able officers told the media that they don't need more troops. They warned additional US troops with the terror rack sheer regime from developing its own security forces and keep it dependent on the USA
These statements were shocker generals are not supposed to publicly disagree with their commander in chief
General Casey's expected to be fired soon and replaced by a yes-man general ambassade is retiring early and discussed his friends say
Good responsible presence no one to listen to their generals and when to retreat from stalemated or lost wars
If Bush does send thousands more troops to Iraq to be risking more American lives in a desperate
11th hour political gamble to show voters
He has a new plan to resolve the horrible mess in Iraq he created 20 or 30,000 more US troops thrown into the cauldron of Iraq
Will make little military difference 150,000 more might but the US has run out of soldiers
Senator John McCain the current Republican presidential frontrunner is joined Bush and Cheney
Energy more troops be sent to Iraq all three have clearly lost touch with reality and the nation's basic values
Call it Sodom's curse to Zurich Margolis
So mark in where is he Delray Jackson will where we're going to heli is let's go. I'm going to go find him
