I'll be back.
No, I'll be back.
You tell him, Sherol, it's the one square for our movement.
And of course, the best way to fight that battle is just don't ever pull again.
I kind of poo-pooed that idea, but nevertheless.
10-1 at 5.60 W.D.C.M. it's a Wednesday. Georgia's out sick today. All poor George.
What's his story? Do we know? Is he just a screw-in-off?
Yeah, he's what I heard this morning.
What?
That's what I heard this morning.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Who are you, kiddin' Georgie?
Okay, we got a 2.5 hour show. We figure his McGurll come, you know, slapping his way in there.
Did you at least get some of the food that he was gonna have?
I got two pieces of chicken, yeah.
Well, there you go.
That's not much, you know. We got to get after Duff on that whole deal.
You guys are still getting screwed badly by what the Charlie deal?
I mean, I know the response around the morning show, which really...
Don't say it, okay, I won't.
Man, am I in a good mood this morning? I wonder why?
Because I'm gonna go when a zillion dollars today would buy.
Anybody believe that?
No. Well, you got this gambling problem, Neil.
And you got a problem on line nine, too.
Car of that!
Yeah, that's what we got.
Anyway, let's get to it. This is a great story.
Now, where did the somebody fax this in, I guess?
The London.
Oh, no, I found it.
You found it?
I found it.
I see.
Senior citizens let it all hang out, Orgy and London.
Oh, no.
A group of nine love-hangweed codgers, old codgers, were booted out of an old folks home after they tried to have an Orgy and London.
And the recreation room.
Well, if it's supposed to be for recreation, what's wrong with an Orgy, eh?
The unidentified oldsters who rage an age from 73 to 98...
Oh, my God.
I had a fairly planned unauthorized after ours get together for weeks according to Melinda Headaford,
spokesperson for the well-respected, even Scarborough nursing home.
Because you know, everything in London is so uppity and so right and proper and prim and full of crap.
Constipated is the word.
They don't have to worry about that one square toilet paper routine, they're all constipated over there.
They somehow got it on their heads to celebrate the 90th birthday of one of the women with kind of a sex party, Miss Helterford said.
This may sound harmless or amusing to some people, but Scarborough's got a reputation to uphold.
We can't tolerate that kind of conduct.
No hanky spanky.
The nursing home made a concerted effort to keep the bizarre story out of the press.
No details, so details are difficult to come by, says.
But according to British papers, they let it all hang out party took place just after midnight last October 28th.
Boy, it sure took a long time for this story to leak out.
The three wrinkly Romeo's in six sagging seducrises.
Now what's that song at the 12 Days of Christmas?
Wouldn't that be a great line in there?
That a fit in there, yeah.
How many geese are gaglin' and how many are six sagging seducrises in three wrinkly Romeo's?
Gathered together in the rec room and stripped to the buff.
Oh, God.
They really set the scene in nursing home staffer whilst they identified total London tabloid.
They got their hands on candles which they lit.
When I started, I was thinking about getting the candles.
I was real nervous what was going to follow that, but they lit the candles.
Thank God.
And they even put on music to create the mood.
The new geezer gala went on for about 20 minutes before Orleys heard rumble music coming from the recreational room and went to investigate.
Rubber music.
Kind of like...
Like that.
When they opened the doors, they were shocked to find.
Old-timers crowded together in their birthday suits, slathered in baby oil.
Slathered in baby oil.
They hadn't gotten too far.
I guess it was taking some of the gems to laugh to get started.
It says.
I see.
But they were all naked.
Believe me, it was the scariest thing I've seen in my life.
Said the...
Goofall.
Oh, there you go.
I can only imagine.
So anyway, getting back to my death.
You know, this Wikipedia thing, which is...
See, there are some people who are uptight with your rehab said about this.
I really don't give a crap.
I could care less because we have feeble minded people out there.
And because anybody in the world can edit a Wikipedia entry and put any crap they want on there.
And so they do.
And I don't care.
I mean, we got a light on them.
In case you haven't noticed, we have some lifeless people out there in this audience.
Here?
No.
Maybe one or two.
100,000.
So anyway, here's the new Roger's entry on Wikipedia and the Audi Audi Audi.
And he did this and said,
And then it says here,
Roger's died April 30th, 2007 in his home due to a massive heart attack
that's believed to have been caused by the host abuse of fish food ice cream earlier in his life.
All right.
Well, he's done pretty good for a dead guy.
Yeah, for a dead guy, that's what I said at the beginning.
I'm doing pretty damn good for a dead guy.
So there you go.
Oh, Tom Poston is a dead guy.
This is not a Wikipedia print.
Tom Poston, anybody remember him?
And the thing that kills me,
not just a generational thing.
Because it says here in the bio from the Associated Press,
he was played a coolest handyman or every man on such a TV show,
he did not a handyman.
That was a pet, what was the name?
Pat Harrington.
The handyman.
And that awful show was it one day at a time or one of those awful show comes.
Oh, with Valet Bernelli.
Love right.
Love her.
She had a funny button nose, but she was on it.
She was super cute.
Anyway, he played a coolest every man on such a TV show,
his new heart and more can mend his diet.
He was 85.
That's old enough, unless you're 84.
Poston, it was married to Susanne Tlauchette of the Bob Newhart.
But you're not over new that.
Jesus Christ, she used to be a hot number a hundred years ago, Susanne Tlauchette.
That is correct.
Died Monday night at his home after a brief illness, a family representative,
Tanner Gibson said, yesterday, the nature of Zellus wasn't disclosed.
Bob Newhart, remembered Poston as a versatile and veteran performer at a kind heart individual.
See, he really started a big TV thing, and I don't think it even says so in the story here,
on the Steve Allen show.
Tom Poston and Louis Nine, all those people.
Dayton Allen.
Tom was always the go-to guy in Newhart in addition to being a good and long-time friend,
Newhart, sent a statement released Tuesday.
Poston's run as a comic bummer began in the mid-50s with the Steve Allen show,
like I just said, I'd missed that.
After Allen plucked the character actor from the Broadway stage to join an ensemble
of Accentrics, he would conduct Man in the Street Interviews with.
Don Nots was the shaking Mr. Morrison.
Louis Nine was the swab over confident Gordon Hathaway,
and Poston's character was so underer by the TV cameras, he could remember who he was.
He won an Emmy playing the man who can't remember his name.
But when Steve Allen moved the show from New York to LA in 1959, Poston stayed behind.
Hollywood's not for me right now, my Broadway can't, he told the reporter at the time.
When he finally did move west, he quickly began appearing in variety show sitcoms and films.
His movie credits included Cole Turkey, The Happy Hooker, Rabbit Test,
and more recently Christmas with the Cranks, Beethoven's Fifth,
and The Princess Diaries II, Royal Engagement.
Besides, Placette Poston survived by his children, Francesca, Francesca,
a Poston of Nashville, Tennessee, Jason Poston, RLA, and Hudson Poston to Port Laugria.
What kind of name is that? Hudson Poston.
That's a bad name.
No wonder he died when you give your kids bad names.
The Lord, he smites you, he smites you and smokes you and sprites you.
He gets really peered about that when people give stupid names to Hudson Poston.
Not a bad name, was I just my imagination?
Just you.
It was just my imagination, I guess it was.
We had 1,600 and 10 votes to see this is the thing that really cracks me up about the audience.
I mean, I could get aggravated just like that thing about...
We could pee, but I could cure less.
I would, I'd care.
So I'm dead, yeah.
And I'm still a raken...
I got news for it, other than Elvis and maybe John Lennon.
How many other dead people are raking in the big box?
See what I'm saying?
James Brown.
Oh, some of...
And Robert Brown.
Biggie Tupac.
How is James Brown and his body doing?
Is it still smelling pretty good or what?
I'm sure it is.
I don't think he smelled too good when he was alive.
He was all sweating up a storm, you know, kind of like...
Who is the other guy?
I always had the hanky.
Was it a little Richard?
No, who is the other guy?
I always had...
Oh, it's the Louis.
Jerry Lewis.
Not Jerry Lewis.
Jerry Lewis, my ass.
Louis Armstrong.
What is wrong with you?
Jesus Christ.
Jerry Lewis.
When did he ever have a hanky?
No idea.
Jerry Lewis.
Well, you know, he had Louis Armstrong.
Yeah, Louis Armstrong.
And Jerry Lewis, see there?
There you go.
Trying to make an excuse for your feeble mind.
Well, I know he didn't do no CD or cruise music.
So what would you know?
1600 and 110 votes.
The point I'm making is that yesterday's pull really sucked.
I apologize for it all day long.
It was a bad pull.
We still did.
1600 and 10 votes.
That's a pretty damn hefty total in today.
We got, I think, a pretty good pull.
Wouldn't you agree?
The one about the Amish?
Yes.
I'm not saying great, but it's certainly better than one yesterday.
And we got only 586.
We're not going to get anywhere near a thousand because we're out of here at 1230.
So that's the dilemma we got, guys.
We can either stay on the air until we get the thousand votes on the pull or leave at 1230.
Am I getting paid by the vote?
No.
They were off at 1230.
Yeah, I vote for leave at 1230 and Miguel doesn't count.
Here's yesterday's pull result.
An estimated 900,000 Floridians drive our roads with suspended licenses.
Your response?
Confiscate their vehicle 371.
Throw their asses in jail, 324.
What do you expect from third world drivers to your 05?
That sounds like a real ethnic shock to me, Miguel.
I can't figure out who they're talking about, but it sounds like a shot.
Third world.
I bet most of them are here in South Florida, 236 votes for that.
Just shoot them.
158.
Find them and slap them on the wrist, 77 on their limperist.
I'm one of them, 73.
And we've vocalized them permanently, 66.
Rich Raus is hanging it up pretty soon.
And Glenn Garvin, who writes his Harold blog.
All these people write blogs.
Now Michael Mayo's got a blog and Glenn Garvin's got a blog.
And they've linking it a bunch of blogs and he builds a blog cabin.
How about a blog cabin?
That's something to work on.
Let's all build a blog cabin.
And hope it doesn't get too windy and blow the whole thing away.
So anyway, Glenn Garvin writes this thing about Lou Dobbs and Rick Sanchez.
And just kisses up to Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
I'll spare you the pain.
I'm not going to read that.
Because that'll make you puke your gut shot.
Just a lot of suck job, Glenn.
I mean, what's the story on that, huh?
What is the story on that?
Is Ricky Tiki Sanchez giving you some kind of sexual favors or something?
What is that all about?
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
Jesus, God Almighty.
But then also, Glenn says, Rick Shaw's replacement, bad news for all these fans.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Do walk, do walk.
And we got about 4,000 facts this year today.
And I really like that because it's a short show anyhow.
Right?
By the time we get through with that and messing with today's poll,
and before we know, it'll be like 12, 15.
We're all going to be carrying against that pet Riley press conference, are we?
Yep.
We're not.
You sure that?
Maybe we'll do a picture and a picture.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Let's have a split screen on the lot of the...
Do it in the stereo.
And your left speaker will be here in the pet Riley.
I'm talking a lot of crap about the heat and about that garbage.
And then on the right side, to be here in the...
A lot of garbage.
Baseball garbage, yeah.
How do the Marlins do last night against the meds?
They want again?
All right.
Ask me if I care.
No.
You love it.
Well, no.
The fact they want a couple in a row means maybe...
Maybe a couple people on my list today, we won't get butchered so bad in the ratings today.
From a 1230 to win over the game finally ends.
What happens after the game ends?
Oh, talk about getting butchered.
Look at that.
After the game till seven, it's guilty.
No hover today.
He's in Louisville for the Adobe.
Hurricane Hotline at seven to be state to ten.
And game night with Craig Mish from 10 to nine to one in the morning.
Oh, brother.
So like I said, 1230 we're shutting the station off.
Wow.
One year full.
W-2-A-R-R-5-16.
Go back to sleep.
It's Kenny and though.
Advise it though.
I've got the sport danger.
Well, that's all we're allowed to talk about.
Sure.
Hi everybody.
You're hi, Gell.
Hi, Gell.
I just got done chasing a hot sport.
Please.
Oh, please man.
Fill the time.
Sure.
Well, Bito is little.
Long go.
He looked.
I got his jacks track.
Wow.
Now at least we have something to talk about.
Yeah, man.
Look at the size of that thing, dude.
That's quite a dinkle, very harmless to you out here.
I'm glad I'm here.
He's active.
He was a little bit black.
Of course.
Oh, hi, Clarence.
What are you with?
I just want to touch it.
The jacks track.
Yes.
Can I just go back to the house?
I just want to touch it.
Oh, it's a little tight.
Sure, I hear it.
Oh, it's still warm.
Clarence, you think we'll have a break a one?
It smells good too.
Yeah, and if you look closely, there's a slight yellowing around the size.
Oh, see this dude?
Like somebody had one dirty, buddy too many.
Right there, girls.
It's too bad it's almost 10.
I can't believe it.
Yeah, I can't believe it.
It's not going to be going over.
This is an important, this guy.
Yeah, maybe I can earn an extra point in the book situation that has...
What is it?
Yeah, those are like whatever radio stuff is.
Oh, hey, those ratings are coming out Friday morning at 10 o'clock.
The winner book.
Oh, man.
And what girl's going to be running all over the building and handing out stuff?
Well, no, it'll be close.
It'll be close.
It'll be close.
We pull them out of Josh's office now.
Oh, yeah, there's a lot of things getting pulled out of his orifice.
But at any rate, so Friday morning, right at 10 o'clock, right out of the box, we're going to sit here and everybody's going to be on pins and needles and needles and pins and whatever in the...
We don't expect much.
So speaking of radio, you remember that, don't you?
Oh, so speaking of hockey like Roberto Longo, mango, mango Jerry, Savior's got screwed last night.
That was one of the most pathetic.
I mean, that was a goal, baby.
That was a goal by Daniel Brier with 13 seconds left.
They should still be playing overtime.
So you're Ranger friends.
You should kiss the ground, baby.
You should kiss whoever put the fixin' on that piece of crap.
That was a goal that got this allowed.
I mean, even a blind man could see that.
But anyway, let's talk it to hockey intense tonight.
Even the girl knows that.
When did you stop going to the games?
Ooh.
Long ago.
I used to see that once in a while, but were you there to see the game were either for promotional purposes?
Both.
I had to be there for that, so I might as well stay for the game.
Yeah.
Well, we had other people used to show up there, but they didn't stay for the game.
I don't want to mention no names.
Anyway, Bruce Kelly will replace Rick Shaw's The Morning Man on Magic May 14.
I'm getting to that, okay?
Bruce Kelly.
When Shaw retires after more than 50 years on South Florida radio as a matter of fact,
Magic put out a press release that really frosted my fat ass.
I'm sure Rick's not too happy about it either.
Sorry, Ricky Tickey.
Here's the press release.
It says there's only one king of radio in South Florida, Magic's very own Rick Shaw.
Oh, I see they got king and capital letters.
That's okay.
I'll take the queen.
He can be the king.
How's that Rick?
We can sit on the throne side by each.
Oh, God.
Keep the cap on, though.
And anyway, it says Bruce Kelly.
Oh, here, getting Kelly's name may be familiar to South Florida listeners.
He worked at top 40 stations, WMJX, known as 96X, which eventually morphed into Power 96.
And Y100 still doing businesses Y100 all these years later from 1979 to 1981.
And nobody ever heard of Bruce Kelly.
That's the thing that amazes me.
Did you?
Yeah.
You're the radio maven.
You're the one who keeps slipping that dial from one end to the other, AMFMPMVM.
No, never heard of him.
It's Kelly's most recent job holds include the future of WMXJ, Magic.
He developed the All 80s music channel at XM7 by radio.
And by the way, isn't every fresheness he's serious to next M.
Most of them losing their ass and they're start taking a big dive.
Oh, boy.
How are we told in there?
I was going to really be big.
Yeah, okay.
Whatever you say.
Magic has remade its oldies for a matter of the past three years,
dropping 50s music altogether, instead of leasing out 60s records in favor of the 70s.
So 50s and 60s are vanishing.
Kelly's arrival almost certainly presages a magic that plays only 70s and 80s music.
Material.
Well, we already have a hundred of those stations.
Is that really play on big during the three hours when Ron and Vincent Paul aren't on the air?
Well, different kind of 70s and 80s.
I see.
Now, is corny what you're trying to say?
Is he in a magic place corny music?
Well, big plays rock.
Classic rock.
Right.
And magic doesn't.
Magic will play pop.
Yeah, pop.
Rock and pop.
Pop goes the weasel.
I wouldn't be surprised if this time next year it says here, Cornic Lengur,
when a British invasion weekend a magical means lots of banorama and culture club records.
Oh, well, the Beatles were fun while they last did, he says.
Ah.
Oh, whatever that means.
But he said, it's bad news.
What it'll teach you to hang it up if you take it.
So here's the press release from magic about the retirement party.
Should I read this on the air?
Is this open to the public or what?
Go for it.
Oh no, I don't know.
Well, they put it out as a press release.
So I guess those about the real Charles retirement party, I wasn't invited.
I won't be there anyway.
It's a week from a Friday.
Do you think I'm coming down?
Nice going, Rick.
50 years, baby.
We love you.
You're a good guy.
You've been really good to me in the show and everything and all that stuff.
Has any?
I don't know why because he says I do great radio or something like that.
And he also says, it's a lie.
I am not.
I'm not safe.
Like that.
Yeah, this is from their website.
You could read this.
There's only one king of radio and stuff for to say that people at Magic Magic's very own Rick Shaw.
Join the entire Magic family, Friday night, May 11th.
That's next Friday, not this.
A week from Friday.
7 o'clock, PM at the 10 pounds restaurant at Gossetting Park, Waysing and Casino,
is beyond a rickshaw's extraordinary career in celebrate his retirement and kisses cat.
I think that would be a nice thing to do, Rick, is hold that cat out.
Some people like to poke, you can kiss his ring and Rick's going to lick your kisses cat.
Join us for a 60s and 70s style buffet dinner and soft drinks.
What does that mean?
60s and 70s style buffet dinner.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Does that mean the food's going to be real?
It would be real.
Yeah.
Chris McDonald's memories of Elvis Live in concert, Dancing Raffles, a cash bar and so much more.
Tickets 75 bucks each proceeds except the cash bar, all benefit the Magic Children's Fund.
The purchase tickets call 1-877-650-501 Monday through Friday.
Look now.
877-650-501.
In some cases, you may be asked to leave a message.
If this occurs, clearly leave your name in a phone number.
Or you can be reached between 2 and 7 PM each week.
That's so they can get back to your prompt as possible.
You can also email your name, phone numbers and how many tickets are required to.
How can one stop in...
What does that say?
Sestopian.
That's the one stopian.
Sestopian at MagicWMXJ.com.
Well, who's going to know how to spell Sestopian?
I'm not...
And the represent will contact you within 24 hours, except check cash visa master card.
It says, we hope you'll honor a soft-footed radio legend and our friend Rick Shaw Friday night.
May 11th.
Nice going, Ricky Tiki, maybe 50 years.
Hang it up and go have a wonderful time.
Have a wild time and enjoy it before they stick your ass in the cap and the ground.
That's the way to do it.
Meanwhile, he's retiring.
I'm extending.
I just this week and we'll extend 400 more years.
And why not?
Because like I said before for a dead man, I'm doing pretty damn good.
All that fish food and you know something?
There was a guy that called yesterday and I very seldom...
You know, very seldom in the call as we piss me off, you know.
Because they're mostly morons.
And I've said that for 100 years and I know that.
I expect that and I very seldom disappointed.
But the guy that gave me that song that I had just said,
remember Chris about this?
The sugar is not addictive and all that other things.
Yeah, remember that?
You just have to make yourself not do it.
Yeah.
Well guess what?
I had a pint of hogging nose after the show yesterday.
Just an honor for him and that was my last.
That was my last sugar until the next time.
That's up to today.
No, I'm serious.
It was month of May.
Listen to me.
Month of May and I'm going to report honestly every day and a month of May.
I'm going sugar free.
No crap.
Do you think I can do it?
No.
Why not?
Because you can.
Now that's not a very...
George is out sick today and Miguel is there.
Give me a bunch of crap.
I thought you were supposed to say, you can do it.
That's what George was saying.
You can do it.
You're saying, no, you won't do it because you're a weak and fat and old fat.
Is that what you're thinking?
I'm not sure how to do it.
How about that?
What?
Prove me a rockman.
No, I'm going to work on it.
I never did get to our poll today.
We don't have time right now.
But we will have to the break.
Hey, take it slow.
We only got two hours and four minutes.
It's not time to count it.
You don't think I can...
What do you think, Chris, being the fat slut?
I mean, the guy that you are.
I say you can do it.
You say what?
You can't do it.
I can't do it.
We have some faith in you, boy.
I got news for you.
I got faith in both of you because I'm leaving right now.
I can be with my 11-15.
What is wrong with you?
That is bad.
Well, of course I've got...
I haven't said a very good example.
Well, that was like a farewell but I ended up hugging those yesterday.
I'm like, oh man, this is really good.
And then that was it.
Today you'll have one for...
I don't know.
I'm not going to have any because you know...
It's wood buying Wednesdays.
You know, it would be there so you won't have any.
That's right.
I'm not going to be heavy.
They don't have no ice cream there.
At least if they do, I haven't found you yet and I don't want to find it.
I'm not looking for it.
I'm looking for a good machine mine.
We'll just think you can get there an hour and a half early
so you can leave an hour and a half early to go have it.
Oh, you're such a slut, man.
I didn't use that.
You're such a fat slut.
It's just...
It's terrible.
That's the way fat slabs think about food all the time.
Eat and eat and eat.
I'm just following the...
And by the way, thank you for pointing out that my close friend Ricky
put a really great YouTube with it.
I'm sorry, you...
I don't know.
A lot of our people have put a lot of really good ones on there.
The one with the guy explaining the banana.
That's great.
That is sensational.
It's worth a look.
Thanks, Ricky.
You're okay.
Okay.
Oh.
I think you can be a slut, but...
I'm not worth thinking of that, but...
I saw you almost as sure as that.
Just make sure the door is locked.
Whoa!
Hey, Fitty.
Can I join the...
J-Unit?
Yo, I'm gangster.
I was too tall.
Oh!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
Get on!
1033, 2077, 411, 560.
Here we go.
The Marlins pregame show at 1230.
Marlins and the Mets in New York at the 105.
Now, here's a whole bunch of fans as they came in.
I guess yesterday.
Right?
George is out sick today, by the way, so I'll you George fans.
See ya.
What does P of A mean?
Prince of Ass?
What does P of A have 14 years?
What does that mean?
I got mad.
Yeah, I saw that.
I wasn't sure what it means.
P of A?
Open in the ass?
I don't know what that means.
Says good morning.
Friday, May 4th, a Sean of Hollywood's birthday.
That's Sean the Faxor, you know, with the polls.
Who used to be our really main man in the polls till Charlie B shoved him off to the side.
He's still a good guy, Sean.
Could you possibly wish him a good birthday on one of your shows?
Thank you.
Okay, don't let me forget again on Friday.
I'll put that in my pile over here.
We'll try to do it again on, you know, because like today's Wednesday, it's two days before the
fact.
Happy birthday, Sean, and get with it.
Here's some other crap.
Oh, and I never got to the poll yet, denied today's poll.
Well, we only, we got less than two hours to go.
You better start pushing me along, man.
Push it all, man.
Come on.
So you don't think I can do the month of May.
I mean, I already screwed up yesterday, but that was like, you know, the first, that's a throwaway.
Yeah, that's your last one, right?
El Cameroon, one more time.
What?
Just one more time.
Just one more time.
One more time.
What?
Each or pint.
That was your last one, right?
Eat this.
677 votes on the poll.
Well, the last one until the next one, but that's not going to be the month of May.
If I had a little among the Amish, I don't know how I'd ever get through a day without blank.
I don't think it's a pretty decent poll.
677 votes are gold of 700 by game time.
Well, I'm not going to set no high number today, even Chris knows better than that.
Don't you?
You know better than we do in that.
Correct.
I was pretty impressed yesterday.
We got over 1,300.
I was just, I don't know how that we did that.
Sympathy for me.
Is that what it was?
Sympathetic or just pathetic?
Okay, anyway, if I had a little among the Amish, I don't know how I'd ever get through a day without electricity.
It's just not going to see we should have taken that out of there.
That doesn't belong to me.
Well, don't take it out the way, Eric.
We won't have any votes.
256, 38% say without electricity.
Could you hear what I just did?
Do you hear that?
I think I may die of a fish food fit.
Maybe Wikipedia was just early.
Yeah, maybe Wikipedia was prescient.
Maybe somebody didn't stick that in.
Maybe they knew something.
Although it was Tuesday.
No, it was Monday I died.
They said, actually, we had a decent show on Monday.
Believe me, there are many days you die when you're on the year in this town.
Many a day.
Rich Rock would tell you that.
Electricity 256, after that, it's like small potatoes.
A computer, 82, I voted for that.
How could you live without your computer?
I couldn't do the show without a computer.
I couldn't live my life without a computer.
Clalbeer 71.
I am Amish.
So what the FMI doing on a computer answering this pull of 57?
Yeah, likely story 57 Amish people we got to get out of.
And I just went to 58.
Right.
Do you believe that?
No.
Amish my ass.
Give me a break.
I am Amish.
These people are a TV 54, porn 53,
refrigerator 27, a car 22, casual clothes 15.
These are all the things the Amish can't have where you use, do's,
CUSSING 12.
A radio only 9, so tant' donove.
A cell phone 9.
An iPod 5, a sneaker's 4.
Amish can't wear no sneakers?
Really?
Wow, CD Player 3, DVD Player 1.
Fast food and a microwave so far have got the big none.
How about nukeable fast food?
I didn't need to talk a bellia, but that was not good.
I mean the food was good, I love taco bell, it was just not.
I mean two burrito supreme's with no beans, that's a lot.
So that's why I got to do this month, like an emergency month in the month of May.
No sugar, no picking out, just maybe I'll just starve, maybe I'll have like a
litusly fair be day, I'll do the curing carpenter diet, and make Dr. Sange pooped
are real happy on CNN.
You got to be pretty good.
You're all eat much, you're gonna live to be 120, of course you'll be miserable and,
you know, pissed off all the time.
Who the hell wants to live a life without enjoying great meals all the time?
Am I right about that?
The point of living.
What is the point of living if you can't have great sex and great food?
Other than that, what else is there?
Tell me what else there is.
Great friends?
Yeah, great friends that I've sex with, I guess, I don't know.
And they're going to have great meals with, right?
Right?
Yeah.
You're doing your friends.
You don't need friends?
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Anyway, getting back to these factions now, let's circular that,
that pool.
I don't know, what's our goal?
710-701.
Thanks for taking my facts to somebody who facts this, and I guess yesterday, I thought I was
going to get right on, and first of all, I didn't receive it till this morning anyway.
Because at the end of this, I'll go back to my desk and listen to your response.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for taking my facts.
Don't you think it would have been nice for the station to let you know why Mendes was
a broken son yesterday since it was actually for a good cause and not just the usual remote broadcast?
The club hosted a fundraiser for the Bonemiro Foundation, a not-for-profit organization created
to provide financial assistance education and support to Bonemiro transplant patients and their families.
If the purpose of the remote was to draw attention to this cause, why wouldn't the station want you to tout this as well?
The lack of center, here is the, I like this line though, and it doesn't really have to do with mad dog being a broken son or anything specific just in general.
This particular sentence happens to be dead on or is the Brit say, spot on.
Spot on as you've got a spot on your shirt.
And I think I know what it is.
The lack of synergy between the host at your station is appalling.
Absolutely correct sir.
How do you like that?
The lack of synergy between the host at your station is appalling. That is correct.
So, we're all at, you know, like on the different radio stations and some like that.
It's always been that way.
Other than when Hank and I did that horrible crossover, what did I hate that?
I mean, you already anticipated that?
I mean, I liked it.
Oh yeah.
Oh, you did not.
No.
No, see you didn't like it.
Chris said, didn't hear it.
I used to hear it as a listener.
And it was okay in the beginning and then it kind of got to the point where it was just Neil talking.
There we go.
See, you're just talking up to me now, but that's true.
I did all the talking because the Humphrey didn't have the energy by that time of day.
He had gotten up at like 4.30 in the morning or whatever.
And by the time we got to the 10 o'clock, he was like puffing and puffing and like a big fat old man.
Oops.
I bet you if I clicked that thing, we might have 700 votes on there already.
We got our goal.
We can go home.
699.
The West Side of macaroni degeneration.
Little white dude, newtally looking lines on your nose.
Those are noodles, those are maggots.
Who you calling a fake?
I said, not a fuck, not a...
You need your earring check.
What do you know about this house?
I'll see here.
The health of sport wholesome folks.
The case management has an encounter with other sport wholesome.
And there is sure of demvian in the pink, so to speak.
And more exciting in the bedroom.
I've seen a reason why they run so many men's health spots.
Why sure?
So as they can see, I don't have any better here.
That's why I'm telling them about the macaroni degeneration.
It's macaroni, who need digital degeneration.
Come and hatch her.
Go and strong, go go go.
That's not to a degeneration!
Watch her jump.
I don't like no mysterious way.
Now, switch us up behind some place.
We got a lot to see.
See?
When you go driving on the street.
And have an ice day, Mo.
Mo, we hear you the Mo.
We hate you.
1046 and 560, everybody here.
This is kind of cute.
This play ball thing.
Speaking of the ice queen, I mean, we're nearer.
I don't read these long corny joke things.
This is kind of cute.
Wouldn't you agree?
What?
Did you read it?
Why didn't send these facts as crisp?
Yeah, it sounds like I didn't read them.
I just had them.
See, I'm just making sounds with my mouth.
Okay.
In other words, I'm just...
We figured out the P.A.
See now you blew the damn punchline.
We just shut up already.
God!
Bad influence.
And don't be pushing me now.
Listen, from now until the first of June,
they'll premiere with De Huneo.
I want you to shut up about all that fattening food.
I don't want to hear about it.
I don't want you pushing me to go to bastard robins
and have it like Rocky Road with hot fudge and stuff like that.
Just because you're fat, you want everybody else to be fat.
Isn't that true?
Huh?
Bill and Hillary are at the Yankee season opener
sitting in the first row with the Secret Service agents
directly behind them.
One of the Secret Service guys leans forward
whisper something to Bill.
At first, Clinton stares at the guy,
looks at Hillary, looks back at the agent and shakes his head.
Then the agent says, Mr. President was unanimous request
of the entire team from the owner down, down to the Batboy.
Bill hesitates, but begins to change his mind
when the agent tells him the fans would love it.
Bill shrugs his shoulders and says,
okay, if that's what the people want,
well, that Bill gets up grab Hillary by her collar
and the seat of her pants,
lifts her up and tosses her right over the wall
onto the field.
She gets up kicking, swearing and screaming,
I'll kill you, you mother bleeped the,
and it's got a lot of bleeps.
The crowd goes absolutely wild,
fans are jumping up and down, cheering, hooting, and hollering,
and high-fiving.
Bill is bowing, smiling, waving to the crowd.
He leans over to the agent and says,
how about that?
I would never believe how much everyone would enjoy that.
Noticing his agent to go and totally pale, he asks,
what's wrong?
The agent replies, Mr. President, sir, I said
they wanted you to throw out the first pitch.
Thank you.
Wasn't that cute?
Yeah.
Pitch with a cap of pee.
You got to see the pee in print,
otherwise, you know, you're thinking, bitch, you know.
Wow, we got to explain it for some slow people.
Some people are a little retired.
It's throw out the first bitch.
The ice princess, my ass.
Now, we got over 700 votes.
We made our goal in an sum, and every vote
we get over 700, Chris gets a million dollars.
Sounds good.
121 votes.
Well, you share with me or what?
See the good people.
I'll put you in my will, how's that?
Let me just say, oh, you're...
Oh, man.
Woo!
You just redeemed yourself.
Well, that was good.
Good line.
Now, let's see.
Here's somebody who says you were watching.
I was talking about making sounds with my mouth here today
about where I saw the flamingos from higherly.
Remember that, Chris?
Yes, I do.
And somebody answers the question.
These facts is like on time delay.
This is dated.
I'm not sure if you're going to be able to see them.
Monday, April 30th.
Have these just been sitting around or something?
Well, I don't know.
I mean, you were getting faxes from Georgia City, weren't you?
Yeah.
Yeah, because it said there was a paper jam, and when I unjammed the paper
that wasn't actually jammed.
Oh, jammed on it.
It's just starting on it.
Pushing all of them out, so...
Yeah, jammed.
It says you were watching the heat.
ABC showed a shot of the flamingos during the regio of the heat game.
That's why I did see the flamingos.
And it says, I thought the same thing said flamingos.
It looked so lonely, you know?
But now, maybe if that thing goes through the legislature,
which is unlikely, but maybe if it doesn't highly open to getting a job,
or any of the party doesn't screw it up again,
and they get those phony-belony slots over there,
or maybe if they get to a thing on a ballot in the day voters this time,
approve the real slot machines, and they open a higher layer.
Once upon a time, that was really a beautiful place.
Once upon a time, before John Brunetti.
And what he did to that place, anyway, it says,
I know what happened.
They forgot to write about...
They forgot to write the U on the NFL draft card,
so the pick was,
Ginn instead of Gwyn.
I see.
And they got like a little thing through the G and Gwyn, you know,
making it into a thing.
Very weak, very desperate, desperate desperate.
When you agree, that's the kind of desperate...
Stretching, big time.
Really stretching it, baby.
Oh, Ginn rhymes with Gwyn, you know?
Maybe he said into his ver, he said it's a Brady Gwyn.
He thought it was Brady Ginn.
And it's like, listen, just diskey-parachializing yourself.
All you doll fans out there, you ought to be used to it by now.
You know, losing is... it becomes like a way of life.
You start to enjoy it after a while.
So T.R. in North Miami Beach says,
sorry if somebody already corrected you.
No, no, I hate to break the news to you.
I never said Eddie Levert is dead.
See? This is the audience out there.
Everything I say is wrong.
Everything they hear is whatever they want to hear.
I said, Gerald Levert.
Remember, I don't even know who Eddie Levert is.
Am I right, Chris?
No, can be not.
No, one 301 jazz, any more readers.
Gerald Levert is dead.
He did this. He was in the standing in the shadows of Motown.
You maniacs, you lunatics.
Crazy people.
Oh, this has been Harper.
Who's been alive?
Oh, I've been walking.
God, I love Ben Harper.
Where is Gerald Levert?
Oh, he's on Reach Out and I'll be there is what he's on.
He's got a couple of these.
He's dead.
Sorry if somebody already corrected you,
but Eddie Levert lives.
Well, who cares? And who knows?
He was in the old James.
It was his son Gerald who died in 1906.
Just like I said, Gerald Levert is dead.
I mean, correct, you knew you made a mistake.
You knew you had.
Now it's the field that you can't hold on.
But I still nailed it.
Even Ricky Tiki is like tipping his cap right now.
Nice talk of Neil, I thank you, Rick.
What a career.
How 50 years of oldies, moldy oldies in that camp.
That smelly, stale calf.
You're a good guy, Rick.
Unsung hero.
In this business, he's the king of South Florida radio.
You should live so long, Rick.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Rick Shawline, hello.
What an open, John's beat.
Any Levert was in the OJs.
It's in Gerald's eye in the remember 2006.
They didn't have a few songs together.
The voices were almost identical.
It says Gerald possessing a bit more power.
Gerald was as popular in his time as his father wasn't his.
Have George check out the song, Cassanova.
He also sang the chorus on No Sex in the Champaign Room by Chris Rock.
Also, it says I thought the guy was being asked for.
You're Wikipedia does say that.
And we looked it up and it does say I cropped.
For me, too much fishwood had a massive heart attack
on Monday, April 30th.
And here it is, two days later, I'm still making sounds with my mouth.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh,
so for a dead guy, I'm doing okay.
Here's another fact.
The last one of this pile.
Boy, there was sure a pile there, did it, wasn't it?
Man.
It says I know you don't watch a comedy show.
But in Greek Aeglacius, well, I sure love you, Enrique.
Buh, buh.
It's making a tin.
He loves me, he's a big fan.
I don't nobody believes it.
They think I just made that up.
Now Miguel knows that.
Don't you remember what he used to have his people send me his new CD every time when we're
at a comedy with autographed person, and we're going to be like a big kiss by long distance, you know?
Before my time.
Is it really?
He's making a TV debut.
It says here next Monday, he plays a handyman, make your own joke.
It says, what's a joke about what?
He's pretty handy, man.
I like to hand it to him.
I'm two and a half men.
That's the name of the show, two and a half men.
I guess he's the half part.
They showed the clip with him with a white tank top and tight jeans, all full of sweat.
Enrique glacius with a white tank top and all full of sweat.
Rrrr, tight jeans.
Rrrr, and it says, by the way, don't want to insult your drag queen listeners, but, and then this is this comment here,
where do people come up with this will?
Brady Quinn looks like a really bad drag queen and the size of her nose.
Does that make sense to you as you're talking about the size of Brady's nose or the size of his or a pastiger?
Now, Miguel, you must have seen the thing on Saturday, right? The draft?
Yes, I saw it all day.
And you saw Brady Quinn's blonde, very marginal looking girlfriend, didn't you?
Yeah, she was a cutie.
Get out of here. You're crazy.
Oh my God, she was a cutie.
Rudy, toody, look at that booty, man.
She was just, oh.
And he's going to Cleveland. He's not going to find much better.
More, just keep making sounds with him out.
Just keep, just keep making the amenities, okay, with the nonsense.
Georgia's out sick today, Miguel's here to talk crap for two and a half hours.
And you guys do realize we only got an hour and a half to go?
Yes.
So I'm thinking to myself that during the latter part of this next upcoming break,
I may just have to go and put on my pantaloonies and my shirt, get my shoes ready.
Don't hurt yourself.
Probably it takes you about an hour and a half to get dressed to pull your pants up over the big pooping you got hanging out there.
Chris, not that I've ever met you or anything like that. No, wherever will I ever.
Doesn't that make you sad that I'll never see you?
Oh, yeah. We'll never meet and shake hands and have a sure of warm embrace.
If he'd like to make me feel better, you can just throw him in the will.
Miguel will not have already shared many of warm embrace.
Yes.
Wasn't the elevator?
That was, that was George Cordis in the elevator. He just kind of cornered me there.
I stuck my stomach on the way down my throat.
Oh God.
If only he was, yeah, I could think of a lot of other people he could have been, but he wasn't.
That was the problem. He's good.
And he did cast that check finally.
And I'd go on there, Jack. Hope your dog is okay. Did we get an update on the operation and how it came out?
I sure as hell don't want to find out that I spent, oh, I mean, it was only a couple hundred extra there for the dog.
Is that, is that what the operation cost? The 200 or was it the whole 1200?
1200, what are you saying?
Wow. So I should have given the other thousand on top of it, right? Because he had that coming.
No. I didn't even want any of them.
But I don't want to be spending 1200 bucks to find out the dog died in the operating table or something like that.
That would not be good. Although he wouldn't be at work. What if his dog died?
Well, it was a Monday operation and he was here yesterday.
So, and today's Wednesday or today's, it'll do GDM I.O.
1056 at 560 W.M. were just leading up to the Marlins.
You got to find some good music for the Marlin lead in today for the pregame show.
You know how we always do? Yup. And certainly that one like this that starts with that crowd.
And then, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
Well, it's a fabulous man. He's a sports figure. No, he isn't. He's the former leader of the Soviet Union. I know. Yeah, he passed away just last month. No, he died on Monday. I know that. Right. The most decent man I have ever known. George, you have no idea who this guy is. Do you? White man in a suit. Right. George, what did you do when you heard about his death? We prayed and teared up and laughed some. Oh boy. All the dead people
all the dead bodies, all the human sacrifices and what can I say? Bush's video of her rack funding bill officially arrives in Congress. Look at that. They're looking at her. There's an anti-policy with that. The mouse. He look on her voice. We're talking about me. Skite. Anyway, 748 votes on the poll. So Chris is getting $48 million. Sound sure. When's Paul is if I had if I had a little among the Amish, I don't know how would ever get through a day without electricity to 82. Now, is that
true? They have no electricity. The Amish. They can't have no electric. I'm not sure, but I think it is. Well, that's not sure. Miguel, I don't know. It's close to his people. No. A computer 89, some of your old people, some of those old domino playing Julio's down there in Domino Park, fast domino park. Let's read in honor of a Katrina, fast domino park. What do you say? Cool beer 81. How about Luke Wormbeer? Can't have
that either. Cool beer 81. I am Amish. So what the FMI doing on a computer answering this poll? 65. And you can be damn sure that every one of those is a fake vote. We got no Amish. There may be a little Amish, but they're not no Amish. Maybe they got long periods. Maybe their Orthodox Jews would think that they're Amish. That could be. And big silly hats. A TV 59, a porn, porn 58. Oh, refrigerator 29, a car 23, casual clothes 17, cussing 13.
A cell phone 10, a radio, a radio, still, elementary, new. Only nine people who would have missed their radio. And that's in our audience too, but that's is that a real shot of my silver flashes? By the way, did that thing say PVA or P&A? Is that me, I know PVA means piece of ass. Even though I don't know my ass for my elbow. What? Yeah, I was in a P of. PVA. PVA. P.S. of ass. And you don't know that? Oh, I got my L.A. PVA. What? PVA. PVA. PVA. P.S. of ass. And you don't know that? Oh. I don't know. What? PVA. PVA. PVA. PVA. PVA. PVA. PVA. PVA. And you don't know that?
Oh, Radio 9, iPod 5, Sneakers 4, CD Player 3, was it, said, Brady Quinn PVA, a DVD
player 2, and none for fast-drew food or microwave.
Yeah, who the hell would miss fast food?
Oh, I didn't enjoy that Taco Belly, I bet it tremendously.
And that's what I'm going to be if I keep eating, man, tremendous.
Again, I'm going to just balloon back up.
I'll be back over 190, back over 200.
I'll be huge.
I'll be dead.
And then they'll say, see, look at what the PD, they knew what they were talking about.
They knew their crap.
They knew this was a fat man in a chair.
Waiting to die, Chris.
756, I don't sure like that as in Q56, I do like that new jingle, by the way.
Chicken except me a couple of new jingles, which I've already played in both.
The one I like is this one.
Wonderful, W-T-A-L-L-1-5-6-B.
And I'm sure in his honor, in honor of this big, well, it's not this week, it's next week,
isn't it?
Okay, next week's his last week.
We got to play.
I got a great idea.
Let's just, in honor of Ricky Tickie's 50 years and his retirement next week from Friday,
I guess it is.
We ought to just play that all week next week.
Here we go.
And still probably get a bigger number than certain shows that I don't want to mention.
Don't forget the ratings come out Friday morning, baby, and I'm calling them sick right
now for Friday.
It could be a really ugly scene, could be a lot of people showing crap and...
Can you imagine?
I wouldn't be walking around in the halls about 1045 on Friday.
That just might advice to you people inside the building.
I wouldn't be walking around where I might not be safe, you know.
I think I could be right in the middle of a hostility going on.
No, that'd be fine.
A lot of finger pointing, a lot of eyes, you're a fob.
It's your fob.
You would have damn squared table.
I think they're going to burn toast on Friday.
WDQYM, hello.
BIM co-camper.
WDQYM, hello.
How about the portion?
What the portion?
WDQYM, hello.
It puts plenty of love in the bathroom.
WDQYM, hello.
Can you believe that he made 50 years in this market?
Why not?
Because just take a look at this market.
It's terrible.
Yeah, so what does that mean?
Okay, listen.
As far as the Kentucky Derby goes, it's...
I mean, I'm talking about the Kentucky Derby.
What are you talking about?
That's on Friday.
Nobody gives a crap on Wednesday about the Kentucky Derby.
Go back to New York with that horrible accent, okay?
You silly queen.
You're fair.
Jesus.
My God.
You know he's from Queens.
What a silly...
I mean, see there, I'm just like Shylock Holmes.
How long did I talk to that silly piece of turd Pula?
No, but regardless of that.
Just a few seconds, everybody, I picked up pieces from New
Woc, and he's a Flamer.
But I mean, nothing wrong with being a...
Flarming!
Lots, wrong with being from New York.
Lots.
All of the good parties at least you got out.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, buddy.
Did you ever determine a panel?
WDQYM, hello.
The savers.
Staaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaант.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes.
That's what the fact said.
Yeah, that's what I just got to say.
And today's Wednesday and tomorrow's Thursday and after that maybe reach out and I won't
be there.
Oh man.
The sun is shining and I'm kissing the ground but I'm not there.
Now it's still real that you can't go on.
A big white juicy kiss to myself or not being in South Florida.
Oh my God.
These by the way if there's any visitors down there you want to get out of there as fast as
you can because of my kids stuck.
And number two these people you heard calling in on the phone.
These are the people who put the duh in Florida.
These are the ones.
759 in the pool.
What do you think we should shoot for again hour and 23 minutes to go?
What about 850?
Think we can do it?
Yeah, thanks.
That would be a real feather and Miguel's cap.
How about a feather and Ricky Tickie used to cap would that be nice?
Maybe I'll send him a feather.
You think I'd send him something?
I wouldn't know where to send him.
Oh, I'm not going to do that.
He's one of our Myspace.
He's one of our top friends on there.
Ricky Tickie's shot.
Do you know that?
Yes I did.
Well, there you go.
I'm going to send him a nice email.
I'm going to say nice going Ricky Tickie and enjoy your life whatever you got left.
What is he got 92 now?
Good guy.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
Pretty good.
Great.
You know what I'm understanding about WQAM is they obviously don't have a drug policy because
all the weed's smoking going on.
They don't care about stealing and sharing music as far as you know all the music and the
stuff that comes in there before you play a part time on the radio and I'll see you
in court, baby.
What's that all about?
I'm getting so fed up just hearing these calls are really good.
For the pool, what does it say?
What is that first word?
Kong, Kongding.
What does that say?
Love that hate this love.
What long says I'm not voting because I don't want to help Chris get more money.
Oh, I see.
Can you make up that first word?
Bastard.
What does it say?
I'm going.
Get out of here.
I don't know.
It's another one of these chronics.
You think we got chronic calls.
We got chronic factors to the facts machine, the phone machine, the computer machine, the
car.
Every machine man is like going to wood button.
That's right.
I am going to 12 foot.
I got my shoes and all not my shoes.
Explain to me which are which now.
These are my pants I have on my legs or these my shoes.
Got my pantaloons and my shirt on.
I feel like a real munch right now, like a real old Jew boy.
You know what I mean?
All dressed up in some place to go.
Wow, the sun is shining.
It's going to be a beautiful day here in Hogtown.
I sure wish I knew why that's the nickname for Toronto.
It's not a very pleasant nickname.
I mean like Rochester is the flower city which used to be FLO you are because they had all the flower plants there.
And then it was FLOWR because they were famous for the lilacs and the pansies.
56 is going to be in the low 60s today.
The sun is shining so beautiful they go and LYA you know what that is don't you?
Luzio S. The name of the game is Luzio S.
WDQYM Hello.
Hey guys remember me?
No.
Oh, okay never mind.
Okay WQYM Hello.
You got a machine that does all the borrassons like.
WDQYM Hello.
Oh Neil.
Yes.
Miami Health did a travel piece on Toronto on Sunday.
Yeah.
And based on what they wrote I don't see any point in visiting Toronto.
Good, excellent.
And?
They got the Hockey Hall fame.
Yeah.
And C.N. Tower.
City Hall and the C.N. Tower.
Yeah that's right don't come here believe me the last person in the world we want coming here is you okay?
Do not come here there's nothing to see here.
There's nothing going on it's a boring ass place that people are rotten.
Yadda yadda yadda.
Right.
See there's another guy telling me about my life here on that.
Whatever I say is wrong.
And this is a terrible place and why would I want to be here in the Yadda because you're not.
That's one of the good reasons why I want to be here is serious because you aren't and never will be okay.
You couldn't find Toronto if they gave you a roadmap or compass in the search party.
You still couldn't find it.
And even if you try to swim across like Ontario you probably wouldn't get even halfway.
So have a nice day.
Have a nice South Florida F&D.
Seven Irish 68 votes on the pool.
I got it and I think that's really true that there was a doubt it but there could be.
And of course what is the Harold no about Toronto talk about a rag even even the national observer which is a right wing piece of garbage.
Even the Toronto sun.
Any newspaper any of the four daily news paper do you realize we have four daily newspapers here?
Wow.
Yeah like it like a real city.
I understand I'm talking about like a real city with real living and breathing people with people who speak English.
But they're all printed in English by the way just thought I would mention that.
We have no L sun.
We have no L tomato star.
We have no La Pupi D Campo and none of that.
I'm sure there's a French paper.
In Toronto?
Yamama.
Yamama so socks in Paris.
Get out of here.
French paper.
They don't speak French here.
See this again it goes to show this is the parochialness of the is there such a word?
The parochialness.
I just made it up.
I'm sure.
Of the South Florida masses including Miguel who was born in Chicago at least spent at least five or ten days of his life.
How long did you live in Chicago before they dragged your ass down there?
Ten years in your life.
Ten years and I've been to Toronto too.
And did you survive it?
Was it bad? How long ago was that?
I was a youngster very young.
No.
And?
And I don't remember it.
I remember it.
That's good.
I remember going to that before.
You might want to come back.
We don't want too many of you people from America coming here okay?
We'll take your money.
Just put it in a bottle and send it across the lake.
Remember being in some high tower seeing the Blue J Stadium?
There you go.
Well it could have been that long ago that used to be the Seagrass Tower which is now the CN Tower which is the tallest freestanding building in the world.
And it's right next to the Sky Dome which is now the Roger Center.
The Roger Center.
So you didn't think I had an impact here did you?
I thought you.
778 in the pool.
What's our goal again?
A50.
We'll do that.
If we can't do that, Chris ain't never coming back again.
Now what you said?
Okay.
We said we don't get some serious food in there from Duck Pretty soon.
He's going to go on strike.
He's getting really pissed off about it.
I don't blame you.
He got you like Reaper gave us some, I guess it's leftovers from charcut.
I see.
Is that Robert Greeper the Grim Reaper the Lord of the Board?
Yeah that would be him.
Oh.
Seriously, you have my formation next time.
If anybody here's Kenny Walker say that, just shoot him right on the spot.
If he ever says that again.
Okay.
1113, a QM, the pregame at 1230.
We got an hour and 17 minutes to go over to talk real fast.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
What's the man behind the black curtain car roll?
Whoa!
I don't usually step out of my closet, but I am so outraged about shallow crowd touching me.
Let this be a warning to all of you out there.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Touch me baby.
Have you seen the almost ice of an ice decai?
Another spring you might be crying.
Don't care what the middle will have to say.
Don't touch me, Charles, the Lord.
Oh, I miss jet gun.
I dressed as rich.
His lovely voice.
I miss jet gun.
That kind of gun will catch the rose.
The roving light.
The roving light.
I didn't know that the car roll had a brown roving light in you.
This one, I sure didn't know.
Well, there you go.
1119 at 560 W.M. George is out sick today.
There are people wondering out there.
Where is George with his caustic cryptic comments?
He's in the crypt.
So he sounded bad.
I don't tell me he's going to be out the rest of the week or something like that.
He's a trooper.
Now, what did he really say?
I'm just screwing off today because it's only a short show.
What did you tell us?
I didn't feel it going into the cover for me.
What was it?
Cover for him.
He didn't sound like that.
Oh, you know, I'm going over there.
He's kiddin' George.
Now he's starting to be a slacker, you know.
Since he finally talked me to put him in my will,
guess what?
Too late, change my mind.
See, I still say that I'm not telling anybody anything except Norma Kent.
You know, I'm going to swear him to secrecy that silly queen.
I'm just going to yell, I've decided one day when I'm in the right mood.
And I'll sit right down and write myself a letter.
And I'm going to make it up.
And then when I croak, then everybody can yell,
Oh, gee, how do you like that?
And George can go whining.
No, he didn't leave me anything because I called him to sick that day.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
And of course, if I don't leave George anything,
that means Chris Sharers, I'll get another mess for Dame Sharer.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you?
Pretty good, sir.
Good. I think you remember before you were saying,
why did they call Toronto Hoth Town?
I'm going to feeling that that guy was one of the founding fathers of the city or so.
I'd talk to him.
Exactly.
I just love Hoth.
Yeah, I don't know what the hell is famous.
But I grew up at the north end of the city, north of North of Lawrence, South of York Mills.
And there's a pocket in there called Hoth's Hollow.
So you would think that it has something to do with it, but.
Could you wait?
They're just a little bit of trivia for you there, buddy.
Well, thanks a lot, Palli. See you around, eh?
See ya.
Okay.
How's it going, eh?
They don't really say that. They're new.
Yes, they do.
And they're very nice people.
They're very friendly.
And they're very, like, you know, personable and very polite and courteous.
And not paranoid and psychotic and angry and hostile.
And mad all the time.
RAAAARGH! RAAAARGH!
He hates you.
Not like that.
No, like friendly.
You know, I understand it's like foreign language.
Like no speaking English and stuff.
And they all speak English.
Wow.
Even a woodbind speaking English.
Which isn't to say that they're...
I think that's what they do.
They've taken all the obnoxious people and they've all heard of them out into that place.
They bust them out to woodbind.
Well, they know I'm going to be there.
All the old smelly Russian women and the other...
Oh!
Oh!
Would somebody tell somebody Europeans you know,
aren't the French famous for making cologne and stuff like that?
Yes, they are.
You the toilet?
Yeah. Oh, you toilet.
I got you toilet.
And they just don't use any, you know?
So many of these, and I'm talking to an Eastern Europe,
I can't even imagine.
I've never been there.
I can't even begin to imagine the aroma,
put you in a coma.
Oh, gee, you've been sleeping in that suit for how long?
About six years or what?
Seriously, when you smell that bad,
that when somebody is sitting, you know,
a couple feet away from you and they can smell you,
they can get the...
That's bad.
Am I right or am I wrong?
Yeah.
Huh?
I feel we're right.
I got a pretty good nose, man.
I can sniff out some things from a long ways away.
Mmm, you know.
And if it's a bad thing, like, oh, fat.
WQYM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yeah, get lost.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, those fine things are out of the gang.
John's a street night, so they have him.
And for the guy that owns that house, go have some time.
Okay, good. WQYM, hello.
QYM, hello.
No, we're doing that.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just want to tell you that best thing you've ever happened is that guy never shows up in Toronto.
I've been listening for years and went to Italy first,
went to Amsterdam, Venice, Toronto.
It's a fantastic city.
Yes, sir.
And it's got everything you could ever want.
And the best thing about it is people like that aren't just there.
So, you know what?
That's correct.
He's calling me to tell me how unhappy I am.
Exactly.
Like, you don't know.
And tell me how miserable a place is because he's never actually been there,
or doesn't even know anyone.
He's right in that hair roll.
It's something about the only thing that's there are to see is the hockey hall of fame and the CN Tower and Yaudi-Yaudi.
And great, don't come here.
If you don't like it, don't come here.
I'm not selling it.
I'm not working for the Chamber of Commerce.
They don't need it.
Exactly. So, he's an expert.
I mean, there's so much culture and history there, but what the hell is this guy now?
So, I think I got like two years left, so I get my pension and I am out of here.
I hope he has a real good time in sweet water is what I hope.
Exactly.
Take care, Neil.
See ya.
And don't forget, what's that other place?
I can't even think of the name of the place anymore.
It will come to me.
Not in a ranger.
What's that little, uh, dinky place?
Redlands.
What do you think you do, huh?
The Redlands.
No, not the Redlands.
Don't be knocking the Redlands, okay?
Little man.
Where's it?
Little home.
I'm talking about it.
No, I don't.
I'm just throwing names out.
You don't even know.
First of all, you still live in Dave County, which I'm embarrassed for you.
That's bad.
That is really bad.
WQA Am Hello.
My name is Joe.
My name is Mama.
WQA Am Hello.
WQA Am Ola.
Free claims get a big one.
You know, this is interesting because we only have an hour and five minutes to go.
And they're coming like in spontaneous bursts today, you know what I mean?
Now, it begins with an eye, whatever little dinky, uh, two blocks is.
I can't believe I can't think of the name that that's because I'm out of touch like Tom Jekyll would say.
How's it going, Tom?
How much do you pull?
Not in mockery.
A mockery is not in Dave County.
No, he's not in the middle of the way.
God, are you dumb?
Jesus, God Almighty.
It's scary.
You got to get out of that place.
I agree.
Huh?
I agree.
It'll come to me.
800 votes on the nose.
And what was our goal?
A 50?
We got an hour and five minutes.
If we can't do 50 votes, I think we're shooting for 900.
What do we start with?
About 10 votes this morning on his horse ball pole about the homage and the amish and the
amish and the uh, goyish?
Too many goyem, man.
That's the problem.
When I kicked all the old Jews off of South Beach, that was the, that was the kiss of death.
And all those plastic people with all that jewelry moved in there and took it over.
And all those, uh, muddy conis with cheese.
Now, how many blocks would you say of South Beach really is where it's happening?
I like 10 blocks 15.
What would Gianni Versace be saying right now if he could hear this?
You know what you'd be saying?
I'm dying on my hair.
How many blocks would you say, Miguel?
You're an expert on that part of time, I'm sure.
And what now, I'm sorry?
South Beach.
South Beach is uh, 15 streets.
15 streets.
15 streets.
Remember that song by Tennessee Rene 4, you load 15 streets.
So what do you get, huh?
Remember that?
No.
I'm sure you don't.
And George would play it if he was a little bit.
George, we't already only once at New��s are you in it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
What?
B нихing your require, Kayne Le Shamoffrot toilet paper abuse deadline.
Delكن by recycling your TAP.
You know TAP does have two sides.
If you are wanting to report someone using two whole toilet paper squares when going for
dookie, please depressing one.
If someone is using three squares of tp, please depressing three.
And if you are knowing someone who is so ecologically irresponsible, has to be using more than three
squares.
Someone who thinks is badokie doesn't think.
They are to be a serious better good problem with them.
What is wrong with you people?
In my country we don't even have toilet paper.
We don't even have toilets.
All we have is a stick and a hole in the ground we call Pakistan.
The shind of your search you should be.
Thank you for calling.
A stick and a hole on the ground.
Backed home.
I guess they got two holes.
Now how would you know from OGIS?
That's a little nothing.
Where did that come from?
Well, we just talk about OGIS.
It's a bit of a joke.
Because it's like ten blocks or something like that.
And to me it's the epitome of what that places all about.
It's a series of bedroom towns, none of which have really anything.
Nothing.
I mean, does anybody go to downtown Miami and don't tell me about how they built all these
shops.
Nobody goes to downtown Miami unless they are a crazy person.
Look, if you are going clubbing at night.
And downtown for Lauderdale.
Downtown.
Downtown Solas.
That's all of the fun.
What is it?
Riverfront.
Downtown Miami.
It's like a place without identity.
You got your plantation and Pemberg Pines and you got your Hallendale and Dania and OGIS
and Sweetwater and Arrange and Cutler Ridge and Homestead and Kendall.
Somehow OGIS doesn't fit in the mix there for some reason.
Sure it does.
Come on.
OGIS Miami, man.
You better learn your OGIS because you know if you ever been OGIS.
See, I have one thing about OGIS.
Yeah, I have.
I've driven through it without knowing.
And you don't even know you're there.
Yeah.
See, you go to a real place, you know you're there.
And you go to OGIS and let it say, oh look at this, we just came to OGIS.
Let's write this on our resume.
Stick this at my tombstone when I throw.
He made it to OGIS.
Stickerware.
God.
You don't want to be in Toronto.
There's nothing to do there but a bunch of those picking cabocks and I only know it
is hockey, hockey, hockey.
I just played that so I could talk it off and I nailed that baby perfect, man.
I'm proud of myself for a dead guy that died from a fish food heart attack.
I'm doing alright.
That's usual.
That's right.
See, even you admit it.
All right, let me know this.
And you notice in your honor I've taken a ton of calls today because I know all the
way I do have to read this story.
And thanks by the way to Angie Simbittium.
Do you know who she is?
I don't mean who she is personally but you're on the Myspace thing.
Who are you talking to, meh Krith?
Yeah.
Well, both of you.
Yes, we know.
She's one of the really great contributors.
She said she very rarely says anything.
She just post all these great comments.
And today she's sending this article which I already had in fact, it was next in my pile.
So Angie, thank you so much.
She must be psyched.
She's always going to be doing this next.
And in spite of the fact I'll have to read it.
And Miguel will start paving like a child and take his spoon and start banging on the counter
there.
Too bad you got that spoon, you got nothing to eat with it.
So what was it?
You got Robert Greeper, the grim reaper to the Lord of the board.
The tote of the load.
He aborted some leftovers.
Wasn't that nice from him?
He sweet.
He's what?
He's sweet.
In the latest embarrassment involving Howard Judges, this is in the hero, so it might be
true.
The county's chief criminal judges has to be reassigned after coming onto Fairfring,
the derogatory remark following a criminal trial.
This is one of the worst things I have ever read in the history of my life.
This is a judge.
Criminal administrative chief judge Charles Green, who has been on the bench for nearly
two decades, requested the transfer one day after public defender Howard Finkelstein
asked the county's chief, now isn't that to ask Howard on Channel 7 or whatever channel
he's on?
Yeah, I believe so.
Yeah.
Sounds Jewish to me, Howard.
As the county's chief judge is removing for using the acronym NHI, which Finkelstein
says stands for no humans involved.
Oh, that's kind of like that station across the street.
The projure to phrase no humans involved dates back to the 1970s and was used to describe
why some crimes against prostitutes, gays, or blacks may not be pursued as vigorously
as those with white victims Finkelstein said.
NHI, my ass.
The case he was presiding over involved black victims, a black defendant, and a black witness.
It is a deeply, deeply offensive term that is at the very least classist Finkelstein
said yesterday, once the term is used, judges don't have to work as hard because there
are no humans involved.
In quotes.
Finkelstein said he wanted green removal from the criminal bench, but does not have a
problem if he presides over civil cases.
In order to chief judge Dale Ross yesterday, Green requested him to reassign from the criminal
division.
He said he did not know there was any racial implication or overtone of the comment he
made, but said the incident has become a distraction.
No humans involved.
No, I can't imagine why anybody pissed off about that.
Can you?
The hero was unsuccessful in reaching Ross for comment, it says here.
This is the latest and the long list of incidents involving brown or judges.
Most notably, the recent arrest of his Lawrence court are for smoking wacky weed in a public
park.
For smoking a big fat one, baby.
In March, lawyers from eight software to minority bar associations criticized Ross for
making sarcastic comments about his spanics and rap music from the bench during a weekend
bond court session a month earlier.
Green said his comment was meant to characterize the credibility of the witness, not the witness's
race.
No humans involved.
After the case ended, they not killed he verdict.
Now, let me ask you something.
What do you think is more egregious?
Napi headed a hoist.
Of course, that was said on the air, but nevertheless, Napi headed a hoist or no humans involved.
Napi headed a hoist.
No, it's not even close, is it?
No, I just wanted to play it.
I know you did.
I wanted you to play it.
I didn't even know you knew where it was.
I found it.
Well, good.
Is it probably an ojas?
After the case ended, they not killed he verdict.
Green said the defense attorney in prosecutors was an NHI case according to Finkelstein's
letter.
In my 16 and a half years on the bench, I've always conducted myself in a manner I thought
was appropriate to ensure that justice was evenly dispensed green ruinous letter to Ross.
Now, it appears that a misunderstood comment is creating a situation that should not continue
in the best interest of the circuit in the criminal division.
Finkelstein said he did not think that green was a racist.
I really do believe he's a good man who spoke stupidly, but unfortunately, there were the consequences.
Try like I'm it.
I'm a good person who said a bad thing.
Remember, I must say that about for a...
I'm a good person who said a bad thing about 4,000 times.
Hey, still got can.
Minority bar associations criticized the Barra Gigi's year ago after court of commanded a battered
wife, signory, restraining order to speak English instead of Spanish.
Speak any English, speak any English.
To combat the negative publicity, Ross ordered all Barra Gigi's magistrates to take racial,
religious, and ethnic sensitivity training here in praise for sending an example by taking the course himself.
Well, let's judge their Ross.
Not Judge Green, mean Charles Green.
Says no humans involved.
He must have been talking about a radio business.
Huh?
No humans involved in H.I.
823, you know something we're going to make the 900.
And I'm going to take you something else, Chris, and you won't believe me because you're a doubting Thomas.
You don't even believe I can do the a month with no sugar.
Do you?
Get that blood sugar down there nice and low.
Have like a little vim and vigor and you'll see.
You'll see, I'm going to shock the free world and the people in Ojos are going to be like marching in the streets with big placards.
Can you see that now?
No.
Neither can I.
First of all, I mean, Ojos isn't Dave County.
I know that.
If he was, if he, huh?
It's barely there.
No, but what is it?
Like a hundred and it's between Miami Gardens and I've there.
So between 183rd and I've there is what?
One, don't tell me.
Two, two, 12th.
No, two 12s too much.
Two, two, two, three.
Well, I was going to be giving me a little bit of crap.
For as out of touches I am for being the old Toronto towed turd that I am.
Well, how many?
You know what the longest consecutive street in the world is?
The tallest freestanding building is the CN Tower.
It's in Toronto right next to the Roger Center.
And the longest street in the world is in what city?
Got me.
We'll take a guess.
I'll say Toronto.
They're good guests.
And what's the name of the street?
It's not old, but it's new.
New is way.
It's New Street.
If you're not old, you're young street.
My junior honey.
A grandma's cave got blown up by a misshoel.
Falling from the sky over Kabul.
Laying in her sacks, she heard the whistle.
And I've done to the back of her pet mew.
Slowly rolling through the desert.
I'm on wolf your lazy ass.
Naked from her head to toe.
And her tri-movie.
Somehow she had a skip on her.
But for grandma, been letting had no more clothes.
A neck and a back.
The world that knew like she was a man.
A neck, a neck.
As the sand held in her face.
A neck and a back.
As guarded by the Taliban.
A life-filled woman headed for her.
Summer's place.
That's because grandma's cave got blown up by a misshoel.
Falling from the sky over Kabul.
Laying in her sacks, she heard the whistle.
And I've done to the back of her pet mew.
Let's go to Ojas.
Fairly to Ojas.
You're fairly.
1146-14 bill known.
I'm going to tell you something.
This thing is flown by.
I can do 10-12-30 every day for the rest of my life.
I agree.
Careful.
Don't you think this is easy?
Huh?
10-12-30.
It's a piece of cake.
We love the moral.
That's going to be really depressing.
See the good news is this new deal I'm cooking up this week or whenever it's going to happen.
Very soon.
The last two years of my deal I work only four days a week.
Every week.
Well actually, in the summertime, only two days a week.
Is it true that there's tapes involved in that deal?
Are you going to start this all this crap?
Did George start poisoning your mind again?
That's what George was saying.
Yes, that's correct.
That's what who was saying?
George was saying Friday's will be tape days.
Yeah.
And that's not good.
Let me draw you a diagram, okay?
Here's the way.
Here's my perspective on the situation.
You don't care because you won't be working.
There you go.
I'm going to make the same money.
I'm not going to work on Fridays all year.
That's a long ways off.
That's 2009-2010.
I should live so long, right?
You should have the job so long, Mr.
That is true.
But hopefully by then you ought to be getting to raise if not.
If you're still doing that for like 14 cent an hour.
You better learn a little self-respect.
You know something?
I got a good idea for you.
Force them to start paying you by the pound.
I like the vote better.
Huh?
I like by the vote better.
What do you think, Miguel?
Good idea.
Well, I'm sure Beast will agree too.
I'm just talking about him.
How's the Beast doing by the way?
Is he still married?
Uh-huh.
He hasn't opened a rise yet, huh?
He told her way back when.
Close your eyes.
I got a surprise for you, honey.
And I'm thinking maybe she never opened a rise yet.
Tom Poston is still dead by the way.
They're talking about that.
I'll see it in with a picture of him there with that silly ass overalls on.
And with Bob Newhart.
Bob Newhart was really bad, by the way.
I like Bob Newhart a zillion years ago when he was funny.
That's a long time ago.
That's back when I was was funny too.
843 votes and we're going to make 900 make Chris really proud.
He'll waddle out of there today.
He'll say, oh, I'm going to go get me a few meals now.
I'm so excited.
Maureen Douds is better than ever than late.
Instead of George Tennant teaching at Georgetown University,
George Tennant should be tough at Georgetown University.
There should be a course on government called the ultimate staff guy.
A morality saga about how much harm you can do is a go along,
get along guy, spending so much time trying not to alienate the big cheese.
So he doesn't can you that you missed the moment where you have to can him or lose your soul.
If Colin Powell and George Tennant had walked out of the administration in February 2003,
instead of working together on that tainted UN speech,
making the bogus case for war, they might have turned everything around.
They might have saved the lives and limbs of all those brave US kids in innocent Iraqis,
not to mention our world's standing in national security.
It would certainly have been harder for Timid Democrats like swillery Clinton,
John Kerry and John Edwards to back up the administration
if two members of the Bush intercircle had broken away,
did not increasingly apparent truth that big chainedy Rummy and the Neocons
were feverously pushing a naive president into evading Iraq with junk facts.
General Powell counted on Slam Dunk, a slender reed,
tailed and ridden the speech at most of the garbage Mr. Chainedy's office wanted in.
Slam of course tried to have it both ways,
helping the skeptical secretary of state and pandering to hire bosses.
Afterward when the speech turned out to be built on a no-legged stool,
General Powell was furious at Slam,
but they both share a blame, they knew better,
they put their loyalty to a runaway White House ahead of their loyalty to a fearful public.
Slam Dunk's book towards mesmerizing in a horrifying way.
The irony of the whole situation is he was bluffing Slam set a Sodom on the Raking Live Monday night,
adding, and he didn't know we weren't.
Mr. He-Man Tenet didn't understand the basics of poker,
much less Arab culture.
It never occurred to him that Sodomite fainst ranked the flex muscles at his foes in the Middle East.
Slam couldn't take some of the $40 billion we spent on intelligence annually
and get a cultural profile of the dictator before we invaded.
If he was really running around with his hair on fire knowing the Osama,
he would have been a bad danger,
shouldn't he have set off alarms when W. and vice went after Sodom instead of a real threat?
Many people in Washington,
stored in his dramatic cloak and dagger description of himself to Larry King,
I worked in the shadows my whole life.
He wasn't Jason Bourne working in dangerous locales,
we were just talking about him yesterday, weren't we Chris, yes we were?
Matt Damon.
He risked life and limb on Capitol Hill among the backstabbers and cut to a bureaucrats
from whom he obviously learned a lot.
He spent nine years on the staff of Senate Intelligence Committee,
the Forest Staff Director.
When Bill Clinton appointed him to run the CIA in 1997,
the profile of him and the Times was headlined of time to reap the rewards of being loyal.
It observed that old colleagues had said he had an ability to make many different subperiers feel at ease with him.
Six former CIA officials sent Mr. Tendon Letter via his publisher,
no wonder were in trouble,
as Spooks can't figure out the old head Spooks' home address.
Be raiding him for pretending he wrote his self-serving book,
probably defend the honor of the agency in the manning that at least half the profits be given to wounded soldiers
and families of dead soldiers, there needs to be a son of slam law.
One of the sonners, Larry Johnson, told CNN that slam is profiting from the blood of American soldiers.
By your silence you helped build the case for war the former CIA officials wrote.
You betrayed the CIA officers who collected the intelligence that made it clear that
Sodom did not pose an imminent threat.
You betrayed the aimless to try to withstand the pressure applied by Cheney and Rumsfeld.
They also said, although CIA officers learned in late September 2002 from high-level member of Sodom
St. Inter Circle that Iraq had no past-to-present contact with Osama bin Laden,
and that the Iraqi leader considered bin Laden an enemy,
you still went before Congress in February 2003 and testified that Iraq did indeed have links to Al-Qaeda.
In the end, you allowed suspect sources like Curve Wall to be used based on very limited reporting and evidence.
They concluded that your tenure as head of the CIA has helped create a world that is more dangerous.
It is doubly said that you still seem to lack an adequate appreciation
of the enormous amount of death and carnage you have facilitated.
Thus ended our lesson in our class on the ultimate staff guy.
If you have something deadly important to say, say what it matters or just shut up and slink off,
says Marine the Queen, Marine Dow. She'd be good man, she's great.
Despite what we're going to go with things.
When you come around, you're off that right wing neo-fascist abandoned wagon finally.
Oh yeah, I was on that.
You what? Yeah, I was on that abandoned wagon.
Yeah, you were on it already, and you want to know why?
Incrawling.
Communistic, Communistic, Communistic. One dimensional thing man.
At least you broke away. At least you had a colonist to finally break away.
And let me tell you man, you're going to pay when you break away.
They're going to hang your ass in Domino Park, and they're going to say,
Communistic, Communistic, you'll see.
You look cute though hanging there.
Remember Mussolini hanging in, I think it was Emilano, the hung Mussolini.
Ask some bad news now.
What's that?
Pregame doesn't start at 12.30.
It starts at 12.35, so you got five extra minutes.
I'm looking at my schedule here that was made by Clarence Dero and it says 12.30.
Well, I'm looking at the law.
The law says Freddie Gonzalez show.
What is the Freddie Gonzalez show?
That would be the manager.
Freddie Gonzalez, that's like Cam Cameron.
My name Jose Jiménez.
Well, what kind of made up names are these? Freddie Gonzalez?
Is he came to Ponsio Gonzalez, for sure?
We had that.
George would play a Pat Boone.
I actually think it's 12.35 on this schedule.
Speedy Gonzalez.
No, it does not.
It says 12.30 on the copy I got here.
It says Marlon's on the clock.
12.30.
That's what it says right here.
We're looking at the Arrogers.
Speedy Gonzalez.
What?
But look at it in the Arrogers times.
10 to 12.35 on the Arrogers and the Marlon's on the clock.
Maybe there's a slot over.
It's a crossover.
Yeah, we're doing a crossover.
You and Freddie.
With a Humper, okay?
Although the Marlon's aren't as fat.
So now Chris was a riff and a hand can ask there about that crossover.
I kind of interrupted you.
I don't want to interrupt.
Obviously, it was all I said was, uh, became the new Roger's Usher.
Well, it was supposed to be the new Roger's Show, okay?
Well, nothing.
It wasn't, but it was supposed to be the new Roger's Show.
Not only my listeners, but nobody wants to hear it.
And I'm building it just as much as the Humper about the racetrack.
Okay, and all the tracks we've been doing, and about, you know,
I had a big day at Monmouth.
Who cares, you know?
Nobody cares about that.
It's one thing that this, I'm not going to go into it, okay?
I got that big deal and the works there.
I got the 80's, and the $10,000 is coming in.
Who cares about such nonsense?
So you've got to give me a little pat on the back for that, okay?
Come on, give me a little slap in the head.
Ow!
At least, finally, I've been threatening to do that for years and years.
I'm just going to, I'm just going to, uh, divorce myself from all the hysteria,
all the BS, all the below, all the mistakes, all the, uh, full listeners,
all the radio-ish moves.
I don't care.
I do not care.
And I think I ought to be commended.
How do we expect it and pat it on the back and squeezed in the going for that a couple of times?
By people of my choice.
860 votes on the pool.
So we got, we know we got 900, right?
Especially if we're on 1235?
Correct.
Well, what are you guys going to do that extra five minutes?
What are you guys going to be doing?
I'm going to spot the situation.
You got this stuff.
That was just to screw you up.
Okay, and now I'll change the queue, too, so.
Just, just to keep going your toes.
Although I think about it, take a little drink.
Wow.
The pre, what, why does the pre game show us that all because the game is a 105?
110.
My schedule says Marlon's on deck, 1230.
Marlon's at the midst of 105.
Okay, that's the schedule I have right in front of my ugly face.
And this, by the way, is a new schedule.
This is a revised or the original one.
We got a program director that can't even make a schedule.
Ask me if I care.
No.
No, I just got through San, I don't care.
The audience knows, they know clearance.
If you know clearance like we know clearance, oh, hey.
A lot of you people will be hitting for tall buildings right now to jump.
I'm just telling you that right now.
1156, a queue, and we got the pre game show coming up at 1235.
And I'm sure you'll be very excited to hear that.
I'm going to get some of the pre game music going.
Oh, I just got to replay that.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my ball,
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-to-One hour.
Garbaskava, Garracy, Gar變 V次 V Marian V Founded Huge,
That Chick Always Do Got Garb.
Oh,ご注 appropriate, formula.
Oh, yes, that's what this radio thing is all about to me.
Oh, he plays, what Dan?
Oh, yeah, me.
Me.
Oh.
What's that?
Oh, that's our new bandage promotion.
Oh, he's not coming to the boat with me.
Oh, God.
The biggest fans.
They fight me, and then we're like finished yet.
Oh, yeah, but his new gun is going to kill time on me.
Is that second?
Oh, real bad.
I'm not done cladering myself yet.
How about you?
Now bring back with a flaky ball, guys.
Go before it's real, before it's real, before it's real.
Before it's real, before it's real, before it's real.
Before it's real, before it's real, before it's real.
Before it's real, before it's real, before it's real.
I don't know where I've been so...
Three days woman and a grand old woman and a grand old woman and a new woman and a new woman.
A group of...
All the gays, homeowner management.
And sports of your ass all day.
560.
We're 8M.
He's no, not yet.
Let's just 40, so I'll play out.
I don't know.
Play more magic in the manger.
Everyone wrote a little chase.
Oh, speaking of lab.
So I mentioned to Miguel no something about this, because he sticks his nose all around the building.
He is the freedom to wander around and stick his nose in this meeting and that meeting.
Everybody's meet.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Well, we're not going to have the panthers no more.
We've had them for the last season and they're not going to be on the station no more.
Of course since Kelly is the voice of the panthers, one would assume that that means he's going to be moving on.
One would assume yes.
And?
And that's the assumption.
Oh, okay.
I just wanted you to verify it.
So Miguel says, get these out.
Okay, now here's our Miami correspondent on MySpace, whoever this guy is with the pump.
He's always got good radio information.
It's probably somebody who works in the business.
Maybe it's Kelly.
I hope not.
In the Herald on Monday about Rich Ra's retirement, it said,
who's this guy, Bruce Kelly, is going to replace him on magic, never heard of him.
It says he'll receive the handing off of the hat.
Shaw's trademark Greek fisherman's cap that he's worn for 35 years at a huge list of appreciation party may 11 to go.
Well, we talked about the party and gave all that information out.
So thank you, Miami.
How do you like that?
I think this guy's reading out Miami.
I think he's OGIS.
He's OGIS.
And by the way, Ruben, whatever you're looking for, I'm not interested.
Okay?
I think he's looking for one thing.
You know what's called M.O.N.Y. looking for my money.
That's zero on MySpace, man.
Ruben, Ruben, I've been thinking that your emails are really thinking.
874 votes on the pool.
Not bad. We're going to get that 900.
And, yeah, you're laughing at this.
You're laughing hysterically, Chris, but nevertheless,
if we'd have really put the old full-core press on, we could have made a thousand.
We could have pulled off a miracle today.
Do you believe in miracles?
No.
No.
We've got 900, you'll look to your worth, then.
Yeah.
You may rest in peace with asses of your favorite peddicor into a new law.
Oh, tiny.
Here, tiny.
South Floridians who want to be buried with their dog, cat,
parrot or other pet would be allowed to do so under legislation passed by legislature
and sent to Governor Charlie Gaye, Christ on the yesterday, on Tuesday.
The rural provision was included in the cemetery regulation bill by a state senator
who wants the asses of his beloved black laborer to retribute and join him in his grave.
Boy, talk about morbid, huh?
I mean, oh.
Don't things like that distribute a little bit.
You want to be buried with the asses of your dog, or your kitty cat, or your cockatoo?
I call it the Felix and Fido amendments that Senate rules Chairman Jim King, Republican and Jacksonville,
whose long time came in friend was given to him by his wife.
The dog named Valentine made many campaign appearances with King over the years before
dying a decade ago at the age of 14.
What the kind of dog was it?
Um, said here a minute ago.
What was it? I just got through reading it.
Black laborer to retriever.
See, once I get rid of this story, I'm not paying any attention.
Are you guys not at all?
Huh? What?
Yeah.
Now that we got this ballgame coming up in a half an hour, and it should be in 25 minutes,
Clarex, you idiot, man.
During the abracur, I just called my cab gun.
It said it'll be a five minutes later unusual.
It'll be 12.35 and I'll 12.37.
I'm going to put up a big bomb in your building.
King rewrote his will so that her ashes, as Valentine, house didn't earn, would be buried with him.
That's when he learned that state regulations on cemeteries before only the human remains,
making no allowances for animals.
My wife is going to be cremated and rashes spread across the river, so I was going to be lonely.
I wanted Valentine's earned to be buried with me, King said he was earning for yearning.
Or, how's that going?
Oh, yearning for an earning?
Another change adopted yesterday by the sentencing, a 38-to-1 vote animal remains in an earn,
can be buried with human remains rashes, as long as the ashes are not intermingled.
Oh, God!
Can you begin to imagine if the ashes got intermingled?
Whoa!
I'm young and single, and I'm intermingled.
The House of Proof of the Bill 118 to zip on Monday.
I'd like to find out who the one idiot in the state senate voted against that is.
Probably some far-bison.
Now, it's fate is up to a Christ, gay, your governor, who was inscrutable when asked yesterday if he supported King's idea.
Let freedom ring, he said.
What does that mean?
Do you have any idea what he means by that? Let freedom ring?
No.
Dr. Rachel Steele, head of an area of plantation animal hospital.
I can tell you I don't want to get into that.
Since some of her clients want to spend attorney with the pet companions,
don't let me get started on plantation animal hospital.
They're okay.
I just don't want to get started.
Are you supposed to interrupt right now?
What about it?
What about it?
I'm not going there.
Over people think about it because they're very, very attached to their pest offense because the pet's got a connection to a spouse deal said.
I've won over the pet that she wants to put in the casket with her or if the pet outlives her,
have the ashes sprinkled on her grave.
How about just if the pet outlives are just sticking the pet in there and drill some air holes in there so she can have a companion for a till now?
Some food a little bit.
You'll be good.
There you go, little doggy food, little like a doggy door on the side.
You can come in and out as the thing and how bad it starts smelling in there.
While in his own several dogs, King 67 said he had a special connection with Valentine.
She went with me wherever I went.
We went through some difficult times together.
I lost my father and my mother but she was always the one living thing that was predictable in my life and I loved her.
He said, aww.
I mean nobody loves dogs more than I do.
I'm a big dog lover, but...
King said he's gotten closer to support from throughout the state far more than he has received on other more substantive legislations.
He's sponsoring a course.
Of course, this is a heart and flowers thing.
You know, he's got nothing to do with like issues.
With real living and pressing and urgent and with things, you know, with all of these things.
It wasn't supposed to be a big deal.
It's just something I felt strongly about.
But all of it, all of a sudden, it says you're all of it sudden.
All of a sudden it hits someone's heartstrings, King said.
Zing went King and the string of his heart.
Did that touch him?
I guess not.
I don't guess you guys have dogs?
I used to.
Yeah.
Chris has got a dog.
Is it fat?
No.
Well, thank God for that.
Because, you know, fat people we generally tend to overfeed our animals.
You do know that, don't you?
Yes.
Well, I'm glad you knew that.
And as a matter of fact, my golden retriever was fat and then I put him on a doggy diet for like a long time.
And he lost a lot of weight.
He was slim and trim and then of course he died.
And the, and tiny, of course, while a little tiny.
He's dead.
And one guy out there, oh tiny, you killed tiny.
Did you give tiny other fish food?
What is it?
Did you give tiny other fish food?
No, actually, when I, what tiny was crazy about was whipped cream, you know.
Because if you ever have strawberries now, so you always have to have a can of whipped cream.
And when you're like, you would be going out fishing with another dimension, never really thought about that.
And you go to the refrigerator and take out that can and just shake it.
You wouldn't even open it yet and just shake the can and tiny would come in into the kitchen running in there.
And jump up in the air and then you take the nozzle and you'd like,
like, a little whipped cream and he would lick it off the end of that to the nozzle.
Is that what I think?
Is that what I think too?
And the whipped cream too.
He just went nuts.
And of course, if someone like driveled on the floor, then he'd be lickin' all the schmutz.
Oh, God.
And then you think about, you know, times when you broke glass on the kitchen floor.
I wonder if I got every little piece of glass up, you know, because tiny's a...
You know.
So one thing about dogs, man, they'll eat anything.
And I don't want to get too graphic. It's right in the middle of a char with they'll eat just about anything, just about.
Freshly like in the backyard.
Still Roger, huh?
Well, he wears balloons in the back of the bench and he wants to be president.
He went top to make sure he had a cute baby.
He can't go free.
If he wants me, he's not his baby.
If he's just his cat, then he's not.
And Johnny knows, and they can do it when you go.
He's in the race, but he's a good place.
He's in the life.
He's in the life.
He's in the middle, but not in the good news.
He's wanting a child, but he knows why.
Shining every word that's down, claiming a child, is saying the life.
Yes, he's a dog.
I would say that tiny, even in his present state, in ashes, is more presidential than John Edwards.
He leaves me limp.
He's got the charisma of a dead dog.
I think I just said that.
888 in the pool.
Now, what I would like to do is get that 900 real quick.
890.
We need 10 votes.
And as soon as we can do it, get with it.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because George is off sick today.
And I certainly don't want to lay it on Chris or Josh or, certainly not Miguel.
Miguel's got nothing to do with his crap.
Changing the pool is happening to him.
So I'm going to change it before I leave.
Because thanks to a good fat Eric up there, the good people are the fat people, baby.
And the fat people are the dead people.
But anyway, he already, you know, I have facts in the pool for tomorrow.
Thanks to Charlie B.
Not a good one, but nevertheless it's one.
It's a pool.
So I'll change it as soon as we get to that and her vote.
Well, it's not hard to change it.
So what is it?
It's not hard to change it, if you really want to lay it on.
No, it's not hard to change it, but it's hard to remember to change it.
Ah, there's the rub.
I, there is the rub.
Yeah, rub this.
Nothing.
890.
So we need only 10.
Well, that's what I said a minute ago.
We need 10 and now 891.
891 and now we need a mere votes.
So you get to 900.
Of course people out there are asking themselves, why does he make such a big cynicism about this?
Well, who cares whether we get, because I want to.
Okay?
Because that's me.
That's me.
I want to be me.
Okay.
I want to be me, me, me, me, me.
And Mimi Rogers, and that, what I was ginger-rod.
Bell, go.
Mimi Rogers.
You know who used to say that, that's Screamin' Mimi.
What's the deal with that?
That's what Screamin' Mimi.
You're out there listening Archimole.
Okay, I hope you're gagging on your lunch.
Gagging on this.
You miserable old fart.
We get to like them a lot though.
Sure.
Yeah, that's how you did.
Now, do you ever have any deans with him, if any, uh...
No, nothing bad.
I'm going to get out of here.
I'm serious.
So you're the one that got along with him, huh?
I didn't, not get along with him.
You didn't, not.
See, even that, he puts into a negative kind of...
I'm not going to get in the discussion of the mole man.
Okay, he is what he is.
Okay, it's like I was talking about what you find on the ground
in the backyard when you have dogs.
He is what he is.
A four more votes.
We need what, seven, how many more?
Four, you've got eight, ninety-six.
Pick up six.
Eight, ninety.
Let me see.
I just clicked that baby, and uh-oh.
And it went to blue now.
Don't you hate when it does that?
And it's eight, ninety, uh-six, like you said.
Four more, baby.
You can do it.
It gets a nine hundred crystal.
He really proudly is going to make nine hundred dollars all month.
You don't make more than nine hundred bucks a month.
Yeah, a month, yes.
I don't want to get into how much they're paying,
because I'll get depressed.
And then, of course, people who aren't making any money,
they lay a guilt trip.
I'm like, oh, look at all that money!
Yeah, well, I'm 100 years old.
I've been doing this for eight thousand years, you know?
Someday, when you're old and gay, gray, you know,
maybe you'll be making some money, although, probably not.
But you never know, you might fall into a bucket of stuff.
That's what happened to me.
I fell into a bucket of stuff.
And then I don't even have a favor.
This is Capitol Hill Blue, and I'm going to read it,
but then we can't get all of set.
So keep your eye on that clock, though, boy,
because I'm all confused now.
My timing has been throwing way off.
Because we got 17 minutes.
In fact, I better go on city pulse right now,
and get that atomic clock going.
Make sure I know what hell is going on here.
It's just, you know, it's just a throwaway.
12 18 49, so it's coming up on 12 19.
So we're just 16 minutes away.
Now, who the hell was that?
That wasn't one of the raptors.
One last night, by the way, there's still live.
Any interest?
No.
Including by me, I could cure less.
But there's still live.
Like that John Edwards thing, I just played, staying alive.
There's the raptors got a white guy in that team.
Looks pretty good, too.
I better get out on the streets and find him.
Those big tall guys, they are very intimidating.
You know what I'm talking about?
Big tall seven foot guys tend to be very intimidating.
899, Chris.
Eat your heart out.
Eat your parts out.
Here we go.
I'm clicking that once more, and we got 900.
Oh!
Change it now.
Change it fast.
Switch that pull.
I just switched it.
Okay?
Okay.
Now, let's see if I...
Well, you don't even know what's going on.
You don't know what I'm doing here right now, okay?
This is very important.
I want to make sure that I switched it right at 900.
View previous.
I'm going to print it out, and I hope it's exactly 900.
There's the Ranger Buffalo game in the Rangers looked out.
Buffalo got screwed by Lindy Ruff ought to be like shooting people today.
ought to be really pissed off and fired up.
View the current pool.
I better hold on and get it started, shouldn't I?
Favorite theme song?
What's the one that George hates all the time?
Good times.
No, that's not my favorite.
I like the Jefferson's, though.
Anybody don't like the Jefferson's?
We're moving on up.
Anybody don't like that theme song from the 70s?
No.
Nobody don't like that theme.
Nobody don't like that show except Tom Jicke.
He thought it was a racist show.
Bald-headed Tom Jicke.
Jesus God.
Talk about lacking in sense of humor.
Okay, let's see how many votes we got at the S.N.
Ah, Jesus 901.
Whoever voted at the S.N. there, see they were probably trying to be nice to us too.
They were probably trying to be the 900 vote.
And how they held with they know, right?
They're not psychic.
They can't tell.
So they turned out to screw it all up.
901.
So Chris gets a dollar.
Give it to him again.
Chris gets a dollar.
I don't got one.
They held you down.
I don't.
Now, how are you doing?
Are you making any money these days or what?
Because I know they really screwed you over bad there once upon a time.
They make up for that or what?
I don't know if you'd call them make up for it, but, you know.
They're slowly but surely.
They're coming around with a couple bucks.
Not too much.
They don't want to overdo it.
It's like it would buy.
They don't want to overdo it.
You know, if you get a spin for 100 next time, you get like 25 or 30.
They don't want to overdo it.
They don't want to get carried away.
And then it goes like 600 bucks without another spin.
I could go through a whole thing about that wheel of fortune.
It's just a wheel of torture.
I could have a wheel someday.
Here's the whole result.
If I had to live among the Amish, I don't know how it would get through a day without.
901 votes.
Oh.
Electricity 345.
A computer 113 old bean.
Cold beer 91.
I am Amish.
So what the FMI doing on a computer answering this poll?
81 fake votes there.
Fake, airs us.
Make believe.
I can't wait to put it.
It would say it's only make believe.
Trust me.
A TV 71, porn 67.
A refrigerator 31.
A car 26.
Casual clothes 21.
Cussing 17.
A radio 12, cell phone 10.
An iPod 6.
How could I get through a day without an iPod?
Sneakers 5.
A CD player 3.
A DVD player 3.
And guess what?
Fast food in the microwave.
Still got the big.
Out of 9 her plus vote.
Microwave.
I guess there are a lot of people out there that ain't nukin' it.
I use my nukalot.
I don't know if I lot.
I don't know.
You know?
I nukalot.
Good to have it there.
And then of course if you eat my criss then you puke a lot.
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio.
It makes me smile like a child.
The old Rogers on my radio.
The old Rogers on my radio.
The old cut.
That's taking up these orders station.
It's out to get our bathing skills.
A lawyer for a corporation.
Up that these that don't pay their bills.
Boy, they change their clothes parts away.
That Joyce Hitchpitch that's thinking nasty things.
Like the other Wilson of a bitch.
Who is 30 birds hard?
Plays to be an attorney but it is.
She stopped the trigger past the bar.
Oh, hey, they tell us what to say.
That Joyce Hitchpitch that whiteness melty bitch.
She's a part of mine.
Don't look out from radio.
All the mission from Christ.
You let her go.
You'll need a wire to show her.
I thought I was hanging with her husband.
And I put my sleep on.
I'm the cool man, though, she's able.
She take them all away one by one.
Oh, Brian.
Oh, hey, just said that bitch your way.
That Joyce Hitchpitch that's thinking nasty bitch.
Amen to all of that.
That's all I can say.
Amen to somebody we know would say.
And that would say amen to that.
I think everybody in the building would say amen to that.
And the audience would say amen to that too.
But anyway, we can't say duty bag but other than that.
I can't play no fart sounds.
I can't play this and can't say that.
44 votes already out of Mars pool.
51 votes.
Now, let me just finger this out.
Okay, stop and think about this.
901 and 51 is 952, right?
That would be correct.
So in other words, if we really would have put that push on,
if we had another 40 votes, we could have made by a 1235.
Especially if I knew we were going to be on the 1235,
we could have made 1000 today.
Wow.
Well, you got some repeat voters now.
See, we don't care about that.
We don't like nitpickers on this show.
Mr. Interlofer, we appreciate your being there today.
However, that being said, but out.
Not to raving a parade.
Yeah, you're peeing on our parade, Mr. See?
There's the Joyce influence.
Or it nearly said not to pee on your parade.
But because he's afraid Joyce is going to get him,
he said not to reen on your parade.
How about REIGN Reagan?
Oh, and how come they're making him with some big semis now?
Do you see all the stuff about Reagan?
And what are they releasing?
His memoirs, his...
Well, whatever they're releasing.
His stool specimens, something.
I don't know.
Like all of a sudden, he was some kind of great leader,
some kind of visionary, some kind of, you know,
besides a stooge and a fool and a right wing lunatic,
and a pawn of the right wing fundamentalist,
all of these things.
And of course, I'm not going to...
Let's not get into that.
Okay, because we got important stuff coming up.
Okay, we got the Pair Riley Press Conference,
which is probably going on right now, but we're not carrying it.
Don't you feel like we're letting the people
to puberty down, including...
Yeah.
We could have had a month for five minutes.
You know, something that's good thinking.
Why didn't you tell Clarence that?
We could have carried five minutes,
and then we're going to chop it off,
and said, hey, nobody cares about this crap.
They got swept by the bulls' enforced rate.
Let's go to the important stuff, the Marlins,
who haven't been, you know, statistically eliminated yet.
Yet.
And they actually won a couple in a row.
They're taking on the next in New York today,
and it's sunny, and it's like 60, and it's beautiful,
and the sun is shining at the Shae Stadium.
I've been to Shae Stadium.
I don't think I ever want to go back.
I've been to Yankee Stadium.
I've been to Fenway Park.
I've been to New York last year.
I was at Tiger Stadium, the old one in Detroit.
Aren't you proud of me?
I've been to a Forbes field in Pittsburgh.
I was a little optical, but it also fields.
What?
I would love to go visit all those fields.
And we're going to course Riggly Field in Chicago.
I've been there, man.
I've obviously been there.
Been to Managames, I've really fielded you.
Obviously, I've been there just because you're from Chicago.
Yes, thank you.
If I'm from Chicago, I'm with the right thing.
Why would anybody in their right mind move from Chicago
to South Florida?
That's what I like.
I don't have trouble.
What kind of family have you got?
Crazy people.
Crazy people.
Moving, that's like people that say,
oh, I'm from LA and I moved to South Florida.
I think of myself.
Now, after LA is any great shakes, you understand that.
But I asked myself that musical question that I can't answer.
And it's like, why?
I keep asking myself that over and over.
Are these people crazy?
Are they massacres?
Oh.
Is it a sloth thing?
So what's the manager's name?
And poncho Gonzalez?
Freddie.
Poncho Gonzalez, the pregame show coming up.
And then we got the Amarlands and the Metz.
And one, ten, did you say it says 105 on my schedule?
Well, we're going to horsewood,
clear into the parking lot after the game.
And after the game,
the West said the game.
If you catch my drift.
Are you expecting me?
Are you expecting me?
I'm keeping you.
Do you like it?
Maybe I do.
Oh, no.
Maybe you do.
Maybe I do.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Oi.
Look up, Rashi, stay still, the fish.
Marpeasus, game.
Look up, Rashi, stay still, the fish.
Man, what a loser.
Absolutely.
