Station is now the ultimate power in the universe. This station stands for nothing. That's correct
Time for the doorbell. Hey boys pass four hours of
The oldest four of all and usually in a shape of a school
A sport of
That you hear my Christmas animal from the school hall a tough talking school
Who will regalia with sound of Congress a sport that only dreams about behind his back
And now for men who enjoy it anyway, it's the joy not we get sports back
It's Friday you bastard
Why have you done that?
I know too long it gets me like you're pulling up
And the slacks are like
And the pins we want that funny back here had in
1910 oh you look good to me honey
Oh that's a fact but
And again I can't see a blasted thing with these cataracts
So I might be over but I'm not dead so let's mess up the
Seagunary Clep, manic band full
You're one like you're one
I'm pulling down I can't get up and pretty sure
Well what's begun is a one
Ha-ha-kama
Oh what is she?
Granny?
You wanna
Ha-ha-kama
If you don't mind then deal
Help taking up please darn pajamas
But you're one
Ha-ha-kama
Oh what is she baby?
Oh
Oh no what is she Granny?
Oh
Where's my bagra?
And what are you doing?
10 on 356 to QA it's the George Rodriguez show a special guest star
He'll rock her
He'll come from that stuff that you just played
Just downloaded it this morning you'll be getting it like next week or something like that
Oh it's in HCN I do believe
Wow
Yeah
Well I'm sure the audience is very concerned about that
Hey you know what's the trend coming out
July what is it June July and August?
I know
No it's July
I was hoping you tell me
May June and Julio
Let's hope that some of the Julios are rotostown
Oh please
Very Jackass has got to come and I heard what I'm gonna read even though it's your show
No please do because I don't have it I'm not gonna read it
Well very Jackass knows everything that's going on
Supposedly and of course he's in the
Always have a distinct part of it is he's in bed with the guys across the street
Because the hell's got the incestuous relationship with the tech ad
790 make believe radio you know
A little work kind of make believe too
But and then Norma Kent calls me this morning about there sent me a thing and I called him
He's back in one piece anybody if they're worried about Norma he had about 45 operations
And they put him back together again like like an erectorsign
So he's back in one piece although I think they may have put part of the brain in it
Right though because he's you know starting it up again
Don't start any kind of conflict with you please Norma just leave the fat ass jolly joe alone
There's no need to be talking to him at all or sending hostile emails
It's amazing how people can send back and forth 10 words and create some kind of hostile
Because I just read the emails that were sent back and forth and Joe's got a good point
What's the big rush I got 15 16 months left in this toilet I mean
You ought to go to serious Neil we're serious you ought to be on nationwide
You ought to be on all over the world Neil and not work for these sports nerd
Well you know that's something to think about
So you want me to read this or what?
Yes I do
Because you're a young punk audience now what the ratings are supposed to be coming over at 10 o'clock
Which is now 10 o'clock and thanks to Kenny who can't read the clock anymore
They went to till 10 o'clock too
I paid him to do that
Did you?
I slipped him a little salt and salt and salt and he said they want to do another hour
All right very jackass says my me's radio war is heating up
Oh yeah the radio war sounds like something Joey Reynolds would come up with
Very right since been a two mulch of us five months on local sports talk radio
Where the dolphins moving from 790 to ticket to WQAM
The Panthers and likely the Marlins doing the opposite
Bye bye
Well Pacquoise allow me say I would just specially the Marlins especially both of them
And multiple host shifting from one station to the other
And now WQAM is non-committal about whether Hank Goldberg's contract will be renewed in September and December
Hey stop it
As the ticket approaches its three year anniversary September 1
Some news and thoughts on where the station stands says Barry news and thoughts
After the ticket be WQAM for the first time in the January through March ratings
Booked the stations were tied in the most recent ratings period
And the key demographic group men 25 to 54
What the ticket is accomplished in three years
And some more established competitor was impressive
And the race figures remain highly competitive
It's impressive
In fact that we don't promote or where we evolve all the way to the Marlins that's another story
I'm not going anywhere said ticket president Joel Feinberg where six years left on a 790 lease
He's not going anywhere except in the nearest street corner to sit down and put his head in his hands and cry
They don't care about our business
Still WQAM clearly got the better of the summer's transactions in terms of prestige and potentially ratings
For 790 the dolphins moved to WQAM also met losing Joe Rose among the market's most popular personalities
And a winner in the last four rating books
Rose paired with Jason Jackson will begin WQAM after Labor Day
What's the date is it September turd?
What day is Labor Day? It's a week from next Monday
I'm not sure if it's the calendar
Yeah, but you got a calendar right on
The third is what Labor Day?
Monday
Is the third?
Correct
So in other words he starts on the fourth or the third I don't know that week
Predictively Feinberg insists he's better off without the dolphins
If he lose money it's a bad deal and the ratings we sell are Monday through Friday
I'm tied with the station that said I'd be out of business after three years
But WQAM general manager Fat Ashto Bell said that the dolphins will be a moneymaker
This station is absolutely stronger now if Fat Ashto Bell says
Absolutely
WQAM in the ticket are essentially flip-flopping evening programming
With the dolphin programs having a relocated WQAM
It'll air every weeknight beginning in October, Oye
And the Marlins in Pantas headed to 790
The Marlins deals being finalized better than us
In the latest rating book the last book the ticket 79 at 7 to 10 p.m. programming usually Kevin Rogers
Easily beat WQAM often Marlin games 4.8 to 2.5 among men 25 to 54
But the Marlins traditionally have drawn solid ratings so that drop appears to be an anomaly
Analy I thought that analy is like motor role in it, isn't it?
Isn't that redneck it's like BC powder analy?
All the redneck's put that in their crankcase
And their suitcase
However WQAM's nighttime ratings during Pantas New and Basketball season were low
0.9 in January through March this year
So the tickets nighttime ratings with hockey surely will decline from Rogers strong numbers
Meaning Kevin Rogers certainly not
This Rogers
No surprise here the ticket which has a marketing partnership with the Herald continues to be WQAM comfortably
Among pages 18 to 34 but the core of our radio station is then 35 to 54 Fat Ashto Bell countered
That's where I make the most money
And we have an almost two to one lead on them said Fat Ashto Jolly Joe
Fat Ashto Jolly Joe can you hear it out that?
No no no
I do, something
With Rose gone no full time host on the ticket is older than 40 and that factors into 790s
Edge among 18 to 34 year olds
The tickets last higher George Sedano will work 10 a into 1 p.m. fits 790s prototype
Young 29 animated highly opinionated
He's young and animated in highly opinionated
He's young and hung and has a song that needs to be sung
And a big fan of this show by the way, if you were to sit on it and tell me that
Yes it is
He's a big Neely
Encouraging callers to do comedy as Dan LaBaster does also tends to attract 18 to 34 year olds
LaBaster show on the ticket expands an hour 3 to 7 p.m. beginning September 4
With Boob Shamby working 1 to 3 p.m.
Look for WQAM to continue to develop young hosts primarily Evan Cohen and Curtis Stevenson
Now we get to the real meat of this
Goldberg lost to LaBaster for the first time in January through March book but tied in between 5 and 7 p.m.
In the last ratings book with each holding a 4.7 share among men 25 to 54
WQAM will have a formative alignement from 5 a.m. to 7 p.m. Orlando Alzacquiri, Rose Nearardges, Demandage and Goldberg
But Bell is non-committal about Goldberg's future beyond the end of his contract in December
Although Bell won't discuss it, it is known throughout the station Goldberg is blocked a thing of pay cut
Which WQAM seems adamant about
If Goldberg doesn't swallow his pride and accept to pay cut WQAM's potential options in that slot would include among others
A Alzagiri Kim Bo Camp preparing
Oh my god, when are we going to stop repeating if it failed in the morning?
Let's put him on any afternoon Kim Bo Camp or part of the anxious failed morning show that's going off in a few days
Oh, why?
The ticket has no interest in hiring Goldberg. I wouldn't touch Hank Goldberg with a 10 foot pole 5%
Although there's a lot to touch, I'll take it up
You need a 10 foot pole over there
That was funny
Sid Rosencrantz, Verstein, Rosen's replacement on the tickets morning show deserves credit for overcoming gambling and substance abuse problems
And rejuvenating his career. He sustains high energy throughout his 4.5 hour show
Offers a dive verse line of a guest and ask the right questions, but
But Rosenberg needs to stop telling guests how fabulous they are also when Rosenberg feels calls about New York teams
And evidently because of his background there or has guests like his former Rangers Goldtender Mike Richter
It can have a polarizing effect depending on whether you're a native or northeast transplant
Although it's primarily a sport show, Rosenberg offers a heavier mix of politics and news than any other sports show in the market
Isn't that interesting? The shows that aren't like purely sports like Ella Bastard and that one are there the ones that seem to be doing the best, huh?
But Rosen's track record suggests this will be tough competition for somebody to win in the morning meeting
News note, the ticket is launching its own dolphin show opposite QAMs during the season with Armando Celgaro joining Rogers from 7 to 8 p.m
That's Kevin Rogers, certainly not
Bill, come on!
So that's what very Jackass is taking on the thing in the market. I don't see any numbers coming over here. What's going on?
I don't see any coming in the room, so...
Well, it says 10 a.m.
Yeah, well you know how that works. They come over with one machine and they got to take them over the economy.
Yeah, I'm going to get this over with.
The price stakes for a crime out loud. I'm not going to sit around here all day with my finger mode, my thumb up my butt.
Oh, he wants to sit, I hope they take their time.
With my foot up my butt. Well, okay, you've got to do the stuff. I'm ready to do the ones that don't have a library or anything like that, dude.
Well then, do your thing.
1012-1-560 QAM watch.
Great kids!
We are F-N-
Really afraid!
We are F-N-
Ooooooooh!
Who's the first to take all kinds of late dates?
F-N-
No!
Most journals are safe, but I tell you these days!
F-N-
F-N-
It's made in China and will be recalled!
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
Hurry up now, where they will hurt us all!
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-N-
F-R-
Can they make anything in China that's safe?
Nope!
F-N-
1017-560-QAM, no numbers yet.
By the way, in case you're wondering, if you're taking a survey.
I'm wondering, sitting here and wondering what I'm doing here.
I don't really...
I tell you, Emily Josh took them down to Jobell.
Maybe they're not going to let us have them.
It's it means Josh took him down to Joe Bell. So in other words, we're not gonna get them. Is that the deal now?
I know I asked something Josh wasn't there and she said he took the numbers down there or he took the numbers down there
She took the numbers down there Josh maybe the Freudians left. No, I think I think he had a stumon
So what does that mean? We're gonna are we in some kind of a conflict around here that I don't know about some kind of
Unannounced nobody told me. Obviously were the anti-sports people here on the show
Maybe we're in a full-fledged battle going on. How many years have we been doing this that we as soon as the numbers come out
They bring them in and I put them on the air and that's why I'm here this morning. Well, maybe you're just presuming that that's gonna go on forever
Well if it wasn't gonna go on forever would be nice if somebody would have told us that I could have slept another maybe we're just being paranoid
Maybe it's just you know, they're gonna take their time. Well, how do you know he took him down to a Spanish joebell?
Because Josh wasn't in his office. So I asked Alice and about the number. Yeah, he said he just took them down to joebell
Well, maybe they're gonna have a big meeting and pour over them and decide whether or not they're gonna let you see them
I see maybe we're involved in a bruhaha that we don't know about yeah, I just like saying that I just look very hard to say that
Uh-huh, bruhaha. Yeah, I see a
Bruhaha, I see
I don't know so that leaves me kind of like sitting here holding my
Life I can always send Josh a text message and say you know something like you
Send him a message and say are we getting the numbers or what kind of game are you playing as it is?
What's the stuff? Maybe they're really really bad
Yeah, right. Maybe that's why they want to get back. Oh, we don't want to put deals on here. These are right. Yo, or maybe they're really good
Who knows I have no idea and of course he never did send us any monthlies from the last year so
Yeah, send him a message and tell him I'm very nice if they would never bring us the numbers yo
How many years have I've been
Connered you have a hundred years that every time a trend comes out the reading book whatever it is
They bring them in and they it's like a part of the show of course Miguel used to bring them they fired his answer
Yeah, well they fired him for mentioning my name in the meeting and that was that
So what about last word? Yeah, he suggested that we do some sort of a promotion since I'm doing the summer shows
You know, maybe we do some sort of a promotion to you know draw attention to a show
And we don't want to draw to this show no no no or the nation. Oh, no
So did you send that message or what I said it says I said yo, yo, are we getting you know the numbers yo
Copies and numbers see here not being a paranoid person. See here's what I suspect is happening
Yes, I there you know
He took them over to Joe Bell and then they were using one of the copy machines over there in the sales corner
The building and they're making all these copies for different people and we're gonna get our copy you know in due time
Because they just give us the number one hell to that ever start
I
I assume that that's sort of the procedure because if they give us the original copy then it delays their ability to get their
Never been the procedure before when when when when ratings coming at 10 by 10. Oh five
We always have I'm always getting the stuff off my facts machine. Well, maybe norm piston off that that could be
It's here sounds like it sounds like it for me
Maybe I got a cooperation more maybe they're gonna pull the plug on the all the studios over here and just you know, yeah, leave us dark
No, I don't know are we dancing in there? I could read the results yesterday
I asked Joe Bell and clearance the two of the evil triad two two thirds of it. I hate no response on my text yet, so you have no response no
I could read yesterday's poll results
Go ahead after living in South Florida
I'd become so disenchanted. I can't wait to leave 344 26.6% that one
But the boat that I added late the one that I added late the angrier one came in 7252 because yeah every day
Angry or every day a big it like you 178 13.7% and alcoholic 139 a more kind of that ecstatic
109. Yeah, excuse me
bilingual 65 unemployed 62 a drug addict and gay each that 50 gay
Suicidal 44 out of 1293 and yesterday's poll today's is
Yeah, there's not enough money in the world to pay me to be a and
Sky scraper window washer and even I'm
No, no or
Euthanizer at an animal shelter both have 20 their time for the lead and I voted for one of those things
Euthanizer at an animal shelter. Did you vote for one on this new one?
Yeah, I don't remember I just hit one do Bobby call minor 18 bomb squad defuser 12
And we don't know if that's a real word and we don't care prison guard six five each for inner city school teacher and crime scene blood and guts cleaner
Upper there must be a better name, but we like that one three by the way
Thank you Charlie B. This is another one Charlie people talk about you can use this one mine sweeper in the military
Three oh restroom custodian at a sports stadium to also two four forensic scientists who studies how bodies decompose corner amputee
Surgeon all that has to and one for lab tech who analyzes stool samples, which is funny because you just brought that up yesterday
But those samples in the mail that's what I vote of you. They do really so that's it. That's you
You're the one guy
See I figured that you know you could always wear like this. This is really
Aggravating you can make light of the aggravating is the
Understory because we're in the communication business and nobody has communicated to us
That we aren't gonna be privy to the number. I should make lighter dark of it
It's not gonna make them move any faster unless I don't know you want to just stop talking and see how long the dead air is gonna motivate them
I don't get it. I mean it's so unprofessional
It's so bush league. It's so typical of these people. It's just you know
We don't want it. We're not gonna do anything to help that show today. What do I tell you on yesterday? Sure
What they want is a sports show back in mid-day
They're not the they're not they don't cotton the business. No, no, they don't not at all
We won't we won't go along with the program. They are not amused the kings are moving to the dolphins
They're not the fault Bob. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. We're getting some go. Yep. Here we go. Yep
I asked you to brought them in big stack of crap who brought it in
Clarence men 18 plus
I'm not gonna look at them simple then I'm gonna pass them a
Clarence in fact in chunks. He's gone now. So I guess Joe my jolly Joe must have approved it
He put a little squiggle on the bottom like we just do on there's a squeal of approval right here
I don't matter if I call you to do his pocket
Stringes over the over the numbers. So did you look at I was currently looking at anything?
He
Didn't have a face on no his model. He said he was a simple
Who's that he knows he is he's a sports nerd
We're having problems apparently with the effects of me. What do you mean you're having problems? I don't know
He's saying oh lordy hold on so oh my god. This is well
You know at least when it's out dragging out there's a good way to kill your shoulder then I mean really kill
No, no problem. I'm an old hand at that
It's styling
Yeah, and
Mom bitch. He's doing a hawk. Oh right now
He's bang on in the fax machine too
One moment please
All operators are busy right now
It's done when you're sending you nothing and I can't stop it
Let me ask you this can't you find another fax machine or why or why can't you read them? Why do you have to send them to me?
Oh read them because you do some of the
You do such a better job. Yeah, well, yeah something the numbers are gonna be the same no matter what whether I read it or you
Read it's gonna be the same funeral okay
All right, I'll do that because
The machine ain't even stop and trying to dial go ahead with nothing in it quit dragging this out. Oh come on
This is fun. We don't want the other overall or do we Monday through Sunday the whole face. Yes. Yes
First page not on the second whoa. Oh look at that waxy is way up here with it from a two eight to a three five
This is many teen plus. This is the overall number
Monday through Sunday six AM to midnight. That's the whole thing right and we are down here from a three two to a three oh
Oh, they keep it fast
Many teen plus of course. That's not the demo. You know, we that'll be the story on that
Right, nevertheless. This is what we got all right six AM to 10 AM
Uh, not on the first page
Waxi from a three me do you want this because that's the first one and two three three two a three seven from six AM to 10 AM
Mm-hmm, okay
Right looking looking looking for wq. I am good. God. Where is it? Oh my god way over here from two five to a one nine
All right Kenny and all right
Boenny afternoon so we can bring that out of the one
23 okay
10 AM to three the one that we like um
Yes, uh nothing I just have to here we go from a four five to a four six so
For who I tied for fifth to a solid fifth
Yeah, so there you go. This thing. That's 10 to three stop it
Yes, that's 10 to three so at least uh, we're up in a direction as opposed to the other numbers that we read
Which are done all right three and what do they have across the street and today?
Oh, it's gotta go back he started the gets to the next section
Come on, let's get with it. This is uh, you should listen to this to me the way you're reading
I know like a wild dire reading I tried telling you and you wouldn't believe it. What do they have? I'm looking I'm looking
Waxie 26 to a three four
Whoo from 14 to a tie for 10
But that was the said the kid is now on the morning so the see the problem with them is that all the numbers that they got
Though people aren't on in those time slots anymore at least until the afternoon
Okay, how do you like that and what do we have in the afternoon there with a hump three to seven looking down
Waxie from a two nine to a four oh
Oh, seven to six
Alabastered no wonder they were hiding these numbers here and right below them
W Q a m from a four six to a three nine from second to tie four seven the edge doubt the thumper
I don't know
You know the evening number
No the evening number we don't
Yeah, go ahead and the midline for what it's worth three one for Waxie three one to a four four from 11 to tie for
Yeah, it's those billboards and Q a m somewhere somewhere. I'm looking you know
Yeah, he's keeping my he's just keeping here we go right love from it marlins when I go up a room from a two two to a two three from 18
17 tied for 18 tied for 17 and there you go and I got a whole bunch more of these things
I don't know what I got personally 554 you want me to send you these later on in does
Okay, I think I'm
Done I'll stick around a good good. I'll send you these all get this things
I'm gonna have wild diarrhea during the break. I'll fax them all over to you during the break which is great now
1027 the five sixty Q a m
President George Bush could set a record for relaxation was become the president who took the most vacation time while in office
So far President Bush has taken 418 days of vacation during his presidency in his hard work
It's hard work
It is hard work
I
Know the hard work
Have a nice vacation sir president Bushman on the last one vacation. I'm on vacation. Good luck on your trip
How do you like your vacation still fine? I just want to lie on the beach and the hot dogs in the past
There have been beef is the storm. I'd like to use my beach house
It's hard work
I
It is hard work
We went on vacation
All right 1033 560 Q a mic just sent you some more fun. I don't forget that this is you even though
Jelly I'll take it. I'll eat you was all I worked up about let's get some of those tapes on on Friday
I know I know they hate numbers they hate writing you actually went up a little bit. I know the book. I said I would
You said you would want to feel it. I said it's feeling good. It's because you know old you like me. Oh, yeah
Yeah
What do you think about that I'll take it no
Why are you fencing me all the stuff that I just read why wouldn't you send me the
Got it you lined your birdcafe with it rather have you line my
My
It's getting that
Some monthly stuff on here actually do we really that's that's coming across right near great over there
Well, say something that you have it so I can read just so you can digest it and see
You know the love and what do you say who did what I was great? I'm sorry for it by the way Joe
I thought budget we got to stop panties old fat Jews all this money. That's what it's all about
That's right. That's how they're going to make some money. What was that line about Beasley?
What was that line in book as but yesterday he called them what that was back with billionaires that came from
Liz one of our emailers don't we got more Liz male today
Backwood billionaires all right
That's our crowd very that's the beesleys backwood billionaires. They really know their craft
I thought I understood how to do business, but I guess I'm wrong
Monkey business. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I thought I knew how to do that too
Yeah
That's the backward billionaire theme song right well monkey sang out in trees
Okay, now. What are you sending me right now? The um sending you in the most you're mailing it in the all we here is numbers numbers on the pole numbers
And they're waiting that's all we're in the petition. They love this. They eat this up. This is a part of this is a meeting potatoes
There ain't no other show that does this from here and the fact that they kicked our ass across the street at least in many
Plus that yeah, and we're still giving the numbers out
Maybe that's why they held them back so long after you get the 18 plus then the munklies are gonna come across both for the
Why are you sending me nights? I mean does anybody care about seven to mid-night?
Maybe yes, a stack of papers. You think I'm gonna separate these things. I put the stack in the machine and press the butt
Stack that remember it was that he was the mayor of a brown
I think it looked like it would stack it look like
Sure of Nick and now you got Ken Jenny who he may be going to slam or all these all these
So politics and then of course your police chief and Dave here
Here's a preview from six a.m. to 10 a.m. For the monthlies. Oh
April 39
May to eight
June are you ready? We might need a drum roll for this is the morning number. Oh
1.4
Ah in what demo is this man 18 plus or 2554 what 18 plus 10 a.m. to 10 a.m.
Here's these are all weird out of order six a.m. to 12 midnight. Is that like an old day?
Sounds like it's me
April 38 may for one June
Yikes 22
Wow, what kind of name is that for a dog?
10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Oh
Zaw
I'm not gonna even read this the 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. I don't like it. That's you. That's all you know. It's nasty. I'm leaving
Come on. Let's hear it. 536427. Well, that's you man. That's me. Oh boy. I know
27 what I really boys. That doesn't work. I can't buy any calls on those I know days
Comes back full time September 10th by the way
Oh, how precious
Well, what are you following though? Uh, two two
No, no, in the morning, whether they have a one. What do you see a four or something like that?
Some horrible grotesque unacceptable number eight and you're sending me weekends and stuff
Well, you stop wasting my time. What is the garbage? There's nothing. There's no stopping it. Yeah, no
three to seven
486135 35 in June
No, run it by me 18 plus in April 48 may 6 1 and in June of 35
Yeah, not good and this is the evening number two six in April two foreign may
one five in June
Oh in June. Yeah
Now the monthly person's 25 54
If you want that the whole thing you're you're reading see you're right
You don't know how to do this because you're just reading that there is nobody who's gonna still be listening if you think that last number
You read was low before when you get through with this uh
Ram Ramble of thumb that you're doing out there. You're just it doesn't it doesn't even hold my attention
You're just mumbling numbers. Oh, I wouldn't I wouldn't be doing it in George. You're mailing it in one for this guest appearance
I wouldn't be reading number one. I wouldn't be reading numbers at all. It's gonna help kill you an hour
You ought to kiss my ass for that. Uh, I'll mail it to you. I'll kiss a piece of paper and mail it to you. How's that?
Oh, I know you say what happened to the person's 25 to 54? That's what I want to know
Then we can figure out the man how we're doing and to get a number that makes him sense to us. Okay
Jesus got all mighty you are
militant no wonder they hate you like like Chinese rack poison
I think they're gonna start stuffing you in motel toys
Yeah, jean we really got hoaxed bad in june big time
I think it doesn't frozen. I think it's stuck
You think what stuck the facts machine
I'm just getting in that good and okay, well, that's why it's broken
That's why sitting there not going anywhere
I'm not getting good stuff
So the the one see everybody's gonna have a story and the story's gonna be across the street
Joe Rose had a good trend, but of course he's coming over with us in a couple days
And uh, send the kid he had a good midday for them although I still kicked his ass, but um
We used to you still kicked his ass. Well, what whatever the hell was the combination
Now while I was saying that uh the numbers that we were reading were off said in the morning
So I don't remember when it was that said went to the mornings
No, they were not all sit in the morning. He didn't he he was not in the morning and uh, I don't know when he went on
But I'm sure his hell wasn't in the july. Was it july?
I'm looking to see I'm trying to find it online to see when he went over. I don't think so
I think you're you're dreaming. There's no way that it was july and in addition to which the months aren't like the entire month
At july like it chops off in the middle of the month like about the 18th of the 20th
There's no way he was doing mornings over there in this so who it's another one of his boyfriends from New York
You know another one is New York groupies. Oh, he looks just like Howard Stern with less hair, you know
All that other crap him and Howard. I think him and Howard he would like to a look with Howard
Howard probably don't even know who the hell he is
And you keep sending me all these these mostly is now that maybe very I don't think for somebody doing anything
No, why you just put a big stack of crap in there
That's exactly what I did and it went through and it's already out and the mission
What did I tell you before the show today what they accomplished across the street basically?
There's about a five share
I'm talking about the entire in fact. Let's let's take a look
Overall for the entire week many teen plus including uh, let's see
They got a three five and we got a three so it's a six five so that's generous
I would say but 2554 there's about a five share and what they've done by going on the year is they've divided it
They've split it up and some places they get a little bit more and some places we sometimes get a little bit more
But generally they've divided the share in half so both stations can fail
In terms of the only difference being that we're reeking in the dough
We got that sales department out there baby. They're raking in the dough. They're making the big bucks
Anybody want to buy a spot on this show?
There you go and over there across the street dollar holler
Joel Feinberg standing right in front of the building now trying to wave down traffic dollar a holler baby
Any tapers?
I'll keep getting from you man is more and more of these uh, monthlies
Which which doesn't really tell me anything because it's April, May and June and this trend is July. Oh
Well, there's a wonder
We have to extrapolate
Wally that to you. You know how to do that math
I'll sort this thing out then the fact machine is still uh, unpermanent of like freeze
It's frozen. I might have to unplug it
So I'm not gonna get the person's 2554 the only thing that I want. I'm not gonna get of course you're gonna get it
I just have to do it in my life did all the things I wanted and I you can be damn sure I'm not gonna get that just your life man
That's all of us leave me. I see a lot of things I want and I'm not gonna get them
Well, we go into the brace and there's more things out last night
It would buy them boy. I saw some things in there. I wanted did you
You didn't get to grab them?
I would like to know all right. We'll sort this thing out during the break. It's giving me a big
People from India by the way that they smell
Oh, say that you used to you always do some of them do some of them like curry in their blood
Baby that curry is in their skin. It's in their it's in the pigment of their skin curry. Okay, there was one kidney area
Like a tent to a kid curry on his ass. Oh, how do you know that how do you see that?
This isn't seen it in the tea room
18 to 11
An alt-tea radio five six. Okay, for was in there by the way doing stuff WQ a.m
All right, yeah, 18 to 11. So I just had a call from fat ass jolly joebell who emailed me the extrapolations for July
Right and you're getting them facts too. So you're getting them from all sides. I don't need them
Fat ass. They kicked our ass, baby. Welcome every day part of sediment day where you edged them out
Hair ass nose hair and I found out the date that a
Sid went to mornings July 9th
July 9th correct. So maybe like one week
One week out of this he was on in the morning
You follow what I'm saying because we could
Because it isn't the entire month of July the the trends right brother
All I was hoping you to have even do this before is this the first time first time for me in a month in July
6 a.m. To midnight raxi 49 Q.A. M. 2.7 joebell said
like that
And you know what I'm thinking if we could just get a few more those sports writers on there we can get down to a
oh point all day long, but then what do we know about it? Right? I'm gonna start bringing them on to one. I'm on see
They're doing entertainment and more stuff and just talking about the same give me to volume involved with a bunch of dumb sports writers
Who don't belong on a year and we're doing a bunch of dumb sports writers who don't belong on a year and look at the morning in the month of July
There is a number baby
This goes to show you when you spend your entire life in the tea room and for a lot of day looking for a bunch of fags doing each other
You're not gonna get much of an audience
Me Kimba
Waxi a 4.5 share 6 to 10 a.m. That's Joe Rose who's coming over to us. Thank God and the combination of kinda and bow and their 85
Boyfriend sports writers with their best filing ball movements a 1.5
1.5 a
An infundia and
Joe said to me said I guess we're made to be making them move at the right time and I went
Just like that
I said better late than ever another good news is because I can always find I can excrap or eat some good news
They had a huge time spent listening by the way across the street. Yes
I see that because like I said they're doing like sports entertainment and we're doing a sports writer
Is it nobody I heard of and nobody wants to hear little boy sports writers
Let me say again clearance your fire buy a clearance don't come in on Monday
Now let me see in afternoons or let's see midday a QM47 waxi 4.6 which they've never come that close
I didn't have the heart to say to Joe because they've never come that close in midday as cause George is on in July
Anyway, but you still beat him yeah
And again, that's 10 to I'm assuming you attend to three
Right, so we still had over a five in the life and he looked at that afternoon number in addition to which
2554 persons we had a two nine which means we had about a five seven or five some from 10 to three in
two
So from 10 to two we had about a six that's not bad man 2554 even in spite of all this and in spite of you being on which they you like
We still are doing okay. Yeah inside the building in midday right and Joe said by the way if you think we're going to renew your contract your dream and I didn't say
I don't really care
Waxi in the afternoon. I'm going to tell you to love bastard a six point three and QM a two point one wow
Holy cow
Yeah, who's stupid now Humper and at night waxi 59 and QM a three point oh
Now let me give you an interesting number persons 25 to 54 in the morning
Okay, six to 10 a.m. Do you know you know what we had no across the street
They had a two point four which means they had about a four something in
men 2554 decent number
Q.I.M. The Kenny and Bo morning show
Was went from tied for 23rd to 26 from a 1.6 to a 1.0
Oh my god a 1.0
Kenny and Bo and Ethan and Alex and Alex and Ethan and Evan and Ethan and oh and Shmendrick and wow
And you know something that hasn't got anything to do with it how old I am or how old Hank is or how old mandatges or how old anybody is or Manasha school like is
It's got nothing to do with it
It's got to do with who knows how to do a radio show and who's entertaining and who can draw an audience
1.5 now we're gonna have any promotion when Joe Rose comes back on the station
Or is it gonna be like on the ear thing, you know
Because if it's strictly gonna be in house thing who else gonna know about it?
Said people already listening which had iod remember they were very famous for doing that and also on this station
Oh, yeah, a lot of region. I just called preaching to the choir sure. Oh, you're gonna love Q.I.M.
And but if you're already listening to Q.I.M. see the mechanic sense to me if you want to get a new audience
You go outside and you beat people overhead with a baseball bat and a hammer
There's a lot of people in this business need to be beaten overhead with a baseball bat and if I had a hammer
Oh, here's the extrapolation
We already got those from fat extra. Yeah, well, you know, that's the experience
This just makes the cheese more binding as they say in the cheese they were stuck in the buffer
Yeah, family had a lot of buffers
The family had a lot of buffers
That was that cheaty. What was his name? Yeah, Cheech
Cheech he said
Family had a lot of buffers. It's suffering take buffering. I'll tell you one thing
I bet there's people inside the the the banjo Beasley crowd what do you call them again the um backwards billionaires
plenty of them
That are taken lot of buffer right now. They probably taken a BC powder if they're smart. They should take a powder
Wow
But like the guy said yesterday, and if we could just play those we'd probably have a head over
What I'm gonna tell
What that was for real man. I can't I'm old. I can't control my syrup rule
The golden brody is bag forming the golden brody one. Yeah, his bagpipe
Look at those numbers in the month of july man
And you know they're gonna be trumpeting this and very jackass is gonna be right in about even though it's just a trend
They're gonna be all over the place. So I want to give big trumpets and horns and all this stuff like that
Oh, we kicked their ass. We destroyed that and if you look at the numbers
I mean, that's what it looks like except of course in midday
Right see if I was fat ass jolly joe
I'd be on the phone with Norma Kent right now before normal croaks and I'd say let's
Write something out right now. Let's renew Neonia for like five more years
And of course that'd be a bad mistake on my part
You need a serious Neonia and you can mail it into the whole country
You're gonna need a lot of stamps though somebody pre-send me a bunch of stamps all right. Who's looking because if I'm gonna mail it in
So what do you think pretty uh desperate? Yeah bleak bad, but uh whatever we'll take it
I'll take it and and by the way your four seven which is yeah you and me but nevertheless it's so mostly you
by far
Is the highest number on the station in other words we did at night I had a three
And the other day parts we never cracked a two we had a two seven overall a one five in the morning and a two one in the afternoon
And you had a four we had a four seven in midday even in the year some other words over a five in midday
We tend to two two out of the six years that we've been doing this thing over the summer
We have not been number one four out of six time. You know something we had way over a five because they only had a two one in the afternoon
Even those times would have been another reason why they only had a two one in the afternoon because a mad dog and a hupper and every
On a year they got some kind of a deal, you know, I mean with me. I know scammers all you
Slikers scammers not me. I listen to four lazy days and Thursdays you'd add a one-share you know that put shuffling
Footing your way of life foot shuffling. Yeah, footy shuffling. Here we have footies gonna be on the mornings tomorrow
Hey, I shouldn't laugh what they're crazy enough to do it
They are crazy. There's no question about that. Well, it's been you know interesting sure
It's been done now and to hear the sound and Joe's voice like oh
The truck the tremors in his voice the more they kicked our pot thick and they sure did
They wiped up the floor with our ass. I'm telling you right now take a look at that. Mm-hmm. They had a huge you know
Although I will say this guess who was who I had number one in time spent listening in midday
Uh, we did okay. Yeah, I was gonna guess that you know Georgian
Number one in times for listening with Dave but the rest of the day parts they had a huge
Uh, times for listening huge gigantic sure people are glued with you that means they have a lot of wired diaries
Or you can't keep using that as an excuse or they're kicking our ass right kicking our ass
Well, they must be sports a year
No, they're less sports you that's why would you say something like that?
Sports you the line in which they the lodges were played
I asked you had a six-trick in the afternoon because he's doing sit-down comedy and stuff like that
And not just pure a stupid ass. Oh, let's talk about the dolphins all day because we got the dolphin games back now
You know you must be wrong about that. Clarence needs to go. Okay. He needs to go give him a cork
Get a wine bottle take the cork out because he needs to go real bad. I think once he starts going
Going going gone by Clarence nice knowing it. Maybe he can get a job as Joseph Ecky's a valet or something
Speaking of buyer you done? I'm done. See you. All right. Every weekend everybody and don't forget
By pops three to eleven five to suck Q. I have
This week
The new light hog in and out of the guys are usually hiding from what they realize
They want their nose in a happily excited
You know
What's like it's more fun to see their ears by talking down sports
Well
two
Won't
I'm a big hero, who's our designer today.
Anyone who wants to hear just sports will stay today.
His dream is about a lot to rule.
Golden Shower Springs!
Hello, Jotsrat!
They have also got this what a game they played.
And somebody's skin with the furry cane.
He's talking about it all the time,
and she was begging, I'm afraid.
Who like yellow Jotsrat?
Turning and burning out morning shows.
No interest in learning about radio.
Just the sausage party for a few portable bowls.
Who like yellow Jotsrat?
Hello, Jotsrat!
Hello, Jotsrat!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Who all is out?
Hello, Jotsrat!
Hello, Jotsrat!
There are no mind to be in your mouth.
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Sport Hoses, Bees!
Let me know 3.
560 WQAM, so yeah, I feel fine, actually.
See, here's a funny thing about the numbers
and me filling in and stuff like that.
And it's something that they say.
They say it to me in the building, Joe Bellas said it.
In so many words, you're no Neal Rogers.
I get that all the time.
See, you don't have to hear that, do you, Chris?
Nobody else does.
No.
You don't have to fill in for Neal.
And I do mean half two.
Because whose idea was it, Neal's?
After exhausting all these other ideas,
but here's the thing that always gets me.
I get beaten the face for not having numbers as high as Neal,
which sometimes, you know, because numbers fluctuate,
there have been times when we've come on in the summer
and the numbers have been higher than they were in the previous.
Or they've, you know, rare occasions, whatever,
because there's a fluctuation.
And nobody ever mentions that or anything like that.
And that's not to say that I have the ability to keep the numbers up as high as Neal.
No one else does, but no one else is expected to, except for years truly.
But I've got the numbers, and I've got the chart, and I've got the graph,
and I've got the graph.
I wish I had some graph.
I'd like to go into politics for that.
There are lots of people employed in radio making a lot of money, Chris.
You might know this.
Making a lot of money is that don't get numbers anywhere near Neal Rodgers.
No, don't get a quarter of the ratings.
And they're making a lot of money way more than me.
So I don't have to worry about my ability.
You know, if Neal is the best, being second best is good enough.
Because let me say it again, and you're something that you won't hear outside of these studios.
Even in the, because I was trying to tell Neal, and he knows this.
Even in the, we've been doing this, this is the seventh year that we've been doing this kind of thing
over the summer, which was not my idea at all.
I wasn't present while they were cooking it up.
I was told about it after the fact.
You're told about on the air, aren't you?
I will.
The first film, I mean, the year leading up to the summer schedule thing,
Neal threw me on on a labor day.
And I was told about that on the air.
It went off.
Okay, it went off, uh, acceptably, adequately, satisfactorily.
At least, uh, Neal was satisfied that it was doable.
I didn't crash and burn.
The audience was 80% positive.
I got the, the main thing that was said is like, yeah, rough, really rough, really rough, sloppy.
But, uh, he was doing all the right things.
He, uh, kept the spirit of it alive.
He understands how the show is done, and he was doing that.
Even though he couldn't put one word after another without tripping over his own tongue.
Kind of like, no.
Only less so.
So that led to that whole summer idea, which was not my idea.
And it was all worked out.
Unbeknownst to me that I would be doing three days a week, and then there would be tapes.
And Greg decided that he didn't like me, didn't like the sound of my voice, didn't like me personally.
He switched it to tapes three times a week, and me twice a week, and Neal went nuts,
and put it back the other way, because he, it's Neal's show.
And he's very protective of his show and his ratings.
Right, so.
Because, uh, he gets money based on the ratings, based on, uh, how we place.
So it's very important to him what goes on when he's not on, and it's his choice, and it's his decision.
But here's the bottom line.
We, this is the seventh year.
The previous six years, we have maintained our number one status four out of six times,
which is a record that anyone would be happy to have.
The other two times we were number two and number four.
And in each one of those two occasions, we were still the highest rated show on the station by far.
And those other two years, you follow, in other words, those two years, the whole station got lousy ratings.
This show included, open up the mic, and Neal will hear you.
Sorry, I hit the wrong button.
Oh, yeah, you just got it swallowed up in the numbers, but overall you were still up.
It was everybody took a hit, and we were included, and we got edged out by, you know, one year.
We got edged out by one station, and another year we got edged out by, uh, by three of them.
We were number four, no bonus.
The only time that we got no bonus money over the summer.
Still, the highest rated show on the station, and you'll never hear anybody mention that.
Outside of these halls.
Outside of these, I mean, in the halls, you'll never hear it outside of these studios.
So I'm not worried about that.
And it is sad for the people of South Florida that there is no general interest talk station in town.
It's sad for them, not for me.
It's not sad for me that when the Neal Rogers show comes to an end, then it will someday.
If there is no other general interest talk radio station where I can get a job in South Florida, you know how I feel about that?
You'll be moving.
Extatic.
Extatic.
Let me tell you with something that has never, ever, ever, ever, uh, a thought that has never formed in my head.
Staying here permanently.
In South Florida.
Here's a, here's a, here's a thought that has never crossed my mind.
Staying in South Florida permanently.
Ever, ever, ever not once, not for a second, not for a tenth of a second.
Every day I wake up wondering when and how am I going to get the F out of this pit out of this, you know what an ant lion is?
It's a bug that he's ants and it does it by building it's like a, you saw Star Wars the big thing in the pit.
It's like that.
It digs, it digs itself under the sand and it makes a cone and it waits at the bottom of the cone and when an ant slides into it and eats it.
The ant, because the, the, the, the, the sides of the pit or steep the ant can't crawl itself out of it.
Okay.
South Florida is like an ant lion trapped to me.
I'm an economic hostage of this place.
I came down here to go sailing.
That didn't work out.
I had to find a job.
When I went to get a job, it was with the intention of making just enough money to get out of here just like I had done four years earlier.
When I graduated from high school, I'm going to work just long enough to buy bus fare and a little bit of bum and around money to get the F out of this hot hate filled pit where I couldn't get laid.
Where whatever I was was wrong for this place and like, we'll get to you Liz because I'm wrong for this place.
I'm right for you though.
I like Liz.
She hates, I don't know, she might have mixed feelings about me.
My wife thought she was really funny, but that's because I didn't read the whole email to my wife Liz.
I didn't, I only read the beginning of it.
My wife thought it was really funny that Liz called you Chris a long head.
My wife thought that was hysterical.
Is there anything new email?
This is a new email that you don't know about.
I'll be you getting to that.
Called you a long head.
Then I didn't, I didn't read her the part where Liz took shots at my wife.
By the way, right on honey.
I'll, I'll adjust, I'll adjust your shot.
I'll fix your sights for you.
Yes, you did, you did hit close to home.
I'm going to, the hand of your rifle so that I can adjust your sights so that you can hit right at home.
Okay?
Because you're not far off, absolutely correct ma'am.
You're not far off at all about things that impress me, but we'll get into that.
So why am I?
I got trapped down here, speaking to the wife, that's the, that's the segue.
I got trapped, I got stuck in South Florida.
And you know what?
If somebody were, if, if magically miraculously some facial order appears somewhere where I might have a future and they might offer me money, it's like, yeah, okay.
I'll consider it because you know what I'm lazy and moving is work.
Is it not the big pain in the ass that I'm moving to another town?
And it would be very difficult this day to my life because I got all this stuff.
When I moved down here, I had a giant box full of things and a day pack.
That was it.
I left all the rest of my stuff in a friend's basement, which got flooded and I lost everything.
Like my high school yearbook switch, I wish I still had so that you could see, speaking of yellow jocks wraps that, you know, I had when it wasn't yellow.
I trust.
I laundered mine.
You can, you know, I mean, I'll bring my letterman's jacket, all the pins fell off of it.
I got those in a cigar box.
I'll just bring the pins.
I'll just bring the letterman's pins, you know.
I mean, all right.
The little shoe with the wings on it.
If you want to put them on the door outside, you might reel them onto the bullet.
Everyone else, maybe.
You know, it's, yeah, I'll, I'll see if somebody has, you know what?
I got the classmates thing going.
I'll see if anybody has some yearbooks and see if they can scan some of the team pictures and everything like that to show me in the group picture with all the teams.
And everything just for proof that I actually wore one.
And I was, I'm eliminating from the door.
Yeah, sure.
Point up.
But the bottom line is I can take the numbers that, that we have achieved here in the summer and many radio stations anywhere in the country.
And I have the ability, I hate the Southwest.
I just dry desert.
But anywhere else like Northwest, preferably Montana.
Sure.
Although not a whole lot of radio.
I'm thinking Washington state.
You've never been to Washington state.
You know, I have not the beautiful, beautiful area.
It's like just right.
Seattle is great.
Spokane.
I love Spokane.
Boy, when such shows up, we're going to be talking about Spokane again.
Yes, it is going to be a spik and such Friday.
You are right about that.
So I don't, I don't have to worry.
Everybody, point the figure, you know, inside the building that is, you suck.
Based on what?
Based on nobody gets a number like me in the station except for Neil or in town except for Neil.
I suck like that.
Is that how I suck?
Then what are the other people doing?
You understand, it's whatever they do no matter what kind of a number anybody else gets.
It's better because it's sports.
And you got two stations competing over a narrow slice of pizza pie while the rest of the pie is sitting there in the sun rotting.
The flies are having it.
Obviously, and this station, this station, this town used to support four talk stations.
There used to be four local general talk stations in this town.
How long was that?
15-ish plus.
I don't know when they started to fall, when they started to drop like flies, when they started to just wither and die.
And of course, the popularity of WIOD in the day when Neil and Rick and Suds and Phil Hendry, Micronary, Hank, all the half the people that work here were all on there.
That was instrumental in it.
Other stations couldn't compete.
We were rocking it.
We were kicking ass on that station over there.
So it's sad for South Florida that there is no local general interest talk outside of this show.
When this show comes to an end, that will be it.
Assuming some other stations that doesn't start up or something like that.
And I don't know, people are, what are you going to do?
What are you going to do with the show?
What are you going to do?
I'm going to get the hell out of this town.
Finally, once and for all.
And it's an excellent out because the wife's like, this is my home.
I was born and raised here.
I don't, you know, I don't want to move anywhere else.
This is my home. I want to born and raised here.
And I'm like, gee, you know, radio for most people is white color migrant labor is my friend who once said.
And I don't have a problem with that.
I'm a traveling man.
I don't have a problem with that.
That used to be my life traveling around from one place to another.
I'm fine with that.
Hell, I like it.
Discovering a new place, meeting new people.
That's just fine by me.
You know what? I miss it.
I miss traveling.
I miss moving from town to town, living in all these different places.
Look at all the wonderful stories and all the wonderful wife experience that you get living in all these different places.
If you've never been in Neil talks about this all the time.
If you've never been anywhere else but here, you don't know nothing about nothing.
You don't know that there's another world out there where people aren't hostile.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
I can't wait to get out of this town.
Where are you going?
Anywhere.
Anywhere.
But the stop west.
Why? Because of my tie rate?
I didn't hear your tie rate.
Oh, okay.
Did you have a conversation with the real love?
You got a message here and listen to any of the time I know you go.
I was just thinking of a story and I got two bottles of caffeine-free diet Pepsi.
Okay.
Is that okay?
That's fine.
And I'm having lunch with my Mexican buddy at noon.
So, you know, I'm just, I'm killing some time.
That's all.
Tell him, all right?
Yeah, he knows that one.
Okay.
You know, a whole bunch of other ones too.
Tell him, tell him, no more though.
Yeah, all right.
1114 to be continued on 5-6th of the EQIM.
I'm going to see the radio shopping club.
Welcome to the Radio Shopping Club.
I'm your shameless host, David.
By the way, stick around next hour for RSC's two-carat gold naval ring extravabration.
But that's next hour.
Right now, I've got a little something for those sexy seniors out there, specifically the ladies.
And you know who you are.
Oh, I love you.
Now, just because you're well into your 80s doesn't mean you can't still feel hot sexy.
And that's the theory behind this next product.
It's an all-new adult undergarment lingerie collection that we've decided to call Victoria's secretion.
Aha.
The name says it all.
Take a look.
All of these seductive French cut panties and thongs by Victoria's secretions are designed to be alluring and absorbent.
That's right.
Each of these seductive lacy feminine pairs of panties designed to not only look hot, hot, hot, but also soak up nearly two pines of whatever bodily liquid you involuntarily let fly into them.
Imagine feeling downright devilish and downright dry at the same time.
It's possible with the Victoria's secretion adult lingerie from the Radio Shopping Club.
If you're a red hot mama who's looking for a bone dry bottom, pick up the phone and order Victoria's secretion adult lingerie from the Radio Shopping Club.
Oh, look, look.
A fondly waning baby.
They will be right back.
I am seen the Radio Shopping Club.
So what time's Ethan Scolikon, George?
On what?
Let's bring him on now.
On drugs.
Let's do it.
So you're going to do the show today?
This is better than me doing the show.
I mean, absolutely not.
I mean, I like the way that.
So you did a tirade and a heroine, what were your scars?
That's not one of the things that I was going to write.
You know, it's going to happen when the show comes to an end.
I keep saying I'm going to get the hell out of this town once and for all.
That's what's going to happen.
This is the only day part on this radio station that had a story.
This is the only day part.
I mean, the other day parts had a story, but it was a sad one.
Well, you'll never hear the telling that story in the hallways or in any other rooms except these studios right here.
Because in July, in spite of the protest numbers the rest of the day, we hit over five.
And that was more for you.
A little bit of me.
Oh, no.
Don't say that.
Monkeys?
What?
Don't trouble.
Don't.
It must be the more I've just...
The last person said anything good about me got fired, all right?
When I was Miguel.
Anyway, if you look at the morning drive, look at these numbers in July.
They had a four or five.
We had a one or five.
A triple.
A little bit of me.
A little bit of you.
A monkey.
A fine white label.
A good question.
What was the name of the year label?
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, no.
Listen to me.
Are you listening?
I'm listening.
At least, triple.
Four or five or one or five in the morning.
And the afternoon, three to seven, a six to three to a two on again, exactly.
Triple.
Triple.
Not double.
Not 50% more.
Triple.
Wow.
And in midday, we edged them out.
Actually, we had over five from 10 to two.
I'm sure of that.
And I feel good about August.
Why do you feel good about August?
I just don't.
What happened in August?
I don't know.
It just feels good.
I feel it right here, you know, in the cockles of my heart.
Back home.
I see.
Well, no.
My heart.
And what a lot of people don't understand is that this constant
parade of losers that they kept putting on here.
I mean, you just knew it.
How many times did I screen the power of carrying on about hour, hour, hour, hour,
so much.
It's so wonderful.
You know, something.
There ought to be people on death row.
I don't want to mention that morning prayer.
For what they did to this radio station.
And of course, the people who enabled them to do it by putting them on here in the first
place.
I mean, talk about ill-conceived.
And then letting a little clearance there run around.
It would be like letting a little 10-year-old kid come in off the street and play radio.
That's basically what we did.
And we paid a wicked price for it.
Well, that's what you mean.
The mean time there, concept across the street is let's put some people on to do some entertainment
and some stick and to yuck it up and have some fun.
That's what people want.
They don't want to hear non-stop.
So basically that's what I think you got.
The other station that was doing sports and entertainment.
And we had a station that was doing sports, sports writers who don't belong on here.
Even to say hello.
So although they do have this yet, sports here, right?
Yeah, that's great Perry.
He'll tell you all about it.
You know, that's exactly the conversation going on right now.
We just weren't sports enough.
That's the problem.
You just go rid of that mid-day show and get all the ones in twos on it.
We're just the big fat sandbag on their big ratings balloon, you know?
And that's right.
We're the anchor.
Yeah, the anchor.
The anchor.
The anchor.
He's like Paul Anchor.
He's Canadian by the way.
Does he have any laser?
Or something.
Where is he from?
Somewhere in the middle east.
I don't know.
I think lesbian is.
Paul Anchor.
Boy, could he build out a tuner?
No.
What?
How'd he make me play?
Diana.
Oh, Diana.
Having your baby.
Mm-hmm.
Paul Anchor.
That's what we need.
This is some music baby.
That'll do.
Put us over the top.
Let's get Rick Shaw on board.
Come on, Ricky Tiki.
Out of retirement, baby.
He's all the older talk in here.
What?
I'll come back for him at all the people that are retired.
Rick Shaw.
Rick and Suds.
Yeah, let's talk about Rick.
It's that demographic up to about 90.
That's Paul Anchor.
Yes, it is.
The song I never heard in my life.
That's right.
That's how we roll here.
Who will surprise his baby all day?
Load up, load up.
Yeah, load up.
We load it up, all right.
In fact, I can smell it.
It's either Ethan's Gold Expo movement, or it's the rating.
She's over for.
Okay, that's enough of that.
I think so.
Paul Anchor.
I'm in fact the first time he opened his mouth, I was too much.
It was okay.
I'm in fact.
Okay, it was all right.
It was his version of smells like teen spirit.
Mmm.
Oh, smells like Ethan's Gold Expo.
I know that smells like bokeh.
I can't believe it.
He likes it, by the way.
It's smell like lilacs.
Yeah.
So I guess very Jackass had his fist right in the middle of it there when he suggested that.
The big O and Bow in the afternoon.
Right.
It's the big, if the bow camper can duplicate the success from the morning show in the afternoon.
Is that your blackberry going off?
I don't think so.
What's that?
No.
That ain't you?
No.
Hmm.
My blackberry is as dormant.
I know.
My white is a church mouse.
We're getting some sound.
Your red light is not on the dump thing.
So everything on this end is fine.
Whoa.
So when did that tie rate about you still want to, I'm not hearing anything.
I did tell you.
I told you the did the tie rate about getting the hell out of this town when everything comes to me.
We got to get out of this place.
Right.
Yeah.
Animals, right?
I got out.
And then of course I got these knitwoods saying, oh, you should do the show from your house, Neil.
Oh, yeah.
All the other crap that he sees, he's the trivary down there more on this.
Which I love.
No chance.
Missouri loves companies.
They don't like it that you're happy up there.
They don't like it that you're happy.
I'm very happy.
You found a piece up there.
A piece of pie.
They do not have good pizza pie here.
I'll tell you about it right now.
A piece of burrito.
I told you about that.
I've seen pizza pizza.
If you've been like bound up for a period of time, trust me when I tell you.
Go in there and get it.
Just a slice.
I'm like pizza.
The bird would say a slice is nice.
A slice of pizza.
And you'll be on the throne all day.
I feel like the queen.
Well, this is great.
I like all these, you know, like this show of centeruptus here.
It keeps me on my toes.
It's almost like a crossover.
Almost.
It's really, really.
But before a crossover.
Back with Kenny and Bo the last week.
Now you're on mine.
Just when you're on.
You have to be the one to cross the dress, though.
You know, you know, you know, you're banged already.
You know, got that ready.
So what do they got?
One more week or what?
What's the, what's the, the 27th?
I guess that they have one more week.
The Kenny and Bo morning show.
It's not, I'm not keeping track.
I'll just know when I see Joe in the hall.
I'm going to give him a big bear hug.
I'm going to stand on the chair.
Give him a big kiss.
I'm going to give him a hug.
Kiss on the back.
So in fact, you being about two feet tall.
You can write up two box shows.
I have to stand on the chair.
I will not be grinding on him.
Well, I'm going out of here.
I'm getting all right.
I keep trying to do that.
Now I'm going to come back in.
That's not a good story.
Don't worry about it.
Whatever you know, it's always your show just jumping whenever, man.
I'll sit back.
No.
Just take the wheel.
I'll back.
I'm going to give him a 27.
See ya.
On all Stormtrooper radio, 560 QIM.
And now a message from old school football guy.
Michael Vick in his dog fighting dogs.
What the hell?
Jack Labbert fought the dogs himself.
He wore a barbed wire jock strap and rubbed himself with bacon.
Back in my day, we didn't have cheerleaders.
We had hookers and we liked it.
Go to hell.
Which, by the way, back in my day, had fire in Brunstown and gnashing a teeth.
Not like hell today with your MC2 pack and your Lee Harvey Oswald.
Oh, Jay's innocent.
And show what if he did do it?
Shut up, I'm leaving.
We do not agree with old school football guys.
27 till 12, 560 WQAM.
Is it, they did just eat something over there.
I'm awfully loud back at myself today.
The old world.
We're QAM right now.
We're at the control room right now.
Boy, no, it's nice having, I don't know, level, volume, some meat.
Yeah, it's very noticeable.
It isn't here.
That's great, man.
I'm turning everything back down and everything.
So yeah, so the end of the tirade is I'm not worried about the future.
The people of South Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida.
Florida, yeah.
People who like this kind of show, not just this show, of course.
A lot of people like this show.
Or you wouldn't be listening right now.
But this kind of show, because, you know, like back in the olden days and the salad days as we say, back at IOD.
Yeah, what does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't know where it came from.
Somebody will call and explain it to us.
I can only venture a guess.
So this is just a guess based on nothing.
Salad is food and in the olden days we had some salad.
And these days we don't.
Okay.
I don't know.
You know, I'm sure it has something to do with something between the hell knows what.
But there were lots of shows to enjoy.
In this town, once upon a time.
In those days, in those WIOD days, we would listen to each other's shows and they would feed on each other.
And they would refer to each other.
And something that happened on one show would wind up becoming the material on another show in vice versa.
And there would be friendly slap fighting.
Sometimes not so friendly slap fighting between hosts and shows and things like that.
There would be camps within the building of the soap opera going on and producers battling other producers to see who could embarrass the other person's host the most.
And things like that.
Fun stuff.
Fun vibrant stuff that was good for the audience.
The audience really loved it.
And it showed in the ratings.
And that was then, and this is now.
And so it's sad for y'all.
People of South Florida who like good, locally based, general interest talk radio.
It's sad for y'all that no one has any interest in putting anything like that on.
It's not sad for me.
It suits me just fine because see, I'm looking for an excuse to get the F out of this town.
And the response to that is, I miss you honey.
I might miss some things about you, honey.
I'll let you know what those things are.
People say, you wife does things for you.
Doesn't your wife do things for you?
It's like, yeah, for the most part things that I've always been capable of doing for myself and sometimes I do.
Still do them for myself.
No, I can't do that.
I'm not double-join it.
I can't do that.
But you know what?
I've never had a problem finding someone to do that for me.
Up until I met her.
That's a huge impediment.
It's very unattractive.
If you think that you're physique and you're facing your thinning hair is unattractive.
Nothing is as unattractive as being married.
Let me tell you.
I've heard about, you know, these girls who are attracted to the only thing you're enjoying.
Yes, we all hear these stories.
We all hear these stories about big foot in the Sasquatch and the Loch Ness Monster.
But who the hell has ever seen one?
I have it.
All right.
Who are these people?
Where are they?
Is there a club?
Is there a meetup.com group?
Chicks who dig married guys?
Where do they meet?
Where are those meetings?
They're meeting the wrong bars.
Where's the right one?
Laurie Schutz was in here the other day.
Giving me the motorboat treatment with her breasts, which is great.
Thank you, Laurie.
Love it.
Telling me, I know girls.
I got friends.
They're only date married guys because it's just no must, no fuss.
They're just about a woman by the bigot.
They go out, they have a good time.
They do the sex thing.
They don't have to worry about the baggage, the commitment, all this other stuff.
And I hand her the stack of Post-it notes.
And I say start writing.
Start writing numbers.
Or you know my number.
Here.
I'll hand you some cards.
I'll write my cell phone on the back.
Start passing them out when you run into these people that you claim to exist.
Oh no.
Oh no.
You're a liar.
You're all liars.
These are just stories that you all make up.
So there it is.
Oh and speaking of that, you know, speaking of Segways.
Here's a from Hector on MySpace.
This came in, I don't know when.
By the way, everybody on behind on all the returning people's emails on MySpace
and everything else because I'm doing the show today.
But Hector says, hi, Jorge.
And he stalls it, you know.
Jorge, hey, that's, you know, I'm cool.
Although, you know, he's still doing it.
Harry, the sales guy Harry, who I call Heinrich.
He doesn't understand why I'm calling him Heinrich and only speaking German to him.
Harry, I know I'm a spick.
When you run into black people, do you say, hey, how you doing?
You're black.
Reminding them what they are.
Do you do that, Harry?
There are people that do that.
When you meet, when you run into one of your, you know, co-workers of color,
you go, you're broke.
What a bro.
Do you say that to them?
Because every time he sees me, he goes, oh, Jorge.
Oh, I see your.
And I'm like, what?
What, what, what, oh, yeah.
He's just, I'm as rich as your native.
I'm a spick.
That's right.
I forget, you know, I want ears forgetting that, you know, that I was born there until somebody
would remind me by a CV and some spikish to me.
Thanks, Harry.
Heinrich.
Guten Tag Heinrich.
So, Hector says, hi, Jorge.
Hey, what's up, dude?
Fellow Cobra here, class of 1991.
Anyways, I'm not one of your typical weirdo colors for starters.
Whatever.
Like you got to qualify yourself.
We don't care if you are a weirdo.
Just wanted to say thanks for all the years of good advice about marriage and he wrote it in all caps.
I just hit a fork and wrote with my girlfriend, meaning get married or hit the road.
Well, I hit the road and I'm enjoying my mid 30s single for the past two months.
Take care, dude.
And hopefully we can light a little fatty someday later.
So, it's Hector.
You're on Hector.
It's the least you can do for saving your life.
And I did save your life.
Trust me.
So, unlike many at the station, he took your advice.
He took my advice, unlike some people.
Right.
I don't know what people think.
I don't, I don't just wake up one day and say, you know what?
I'm going to make up some bogus advice and start peddling it to people just to mess with their lives.
You see me being all passionate, jumping up and down about something.
There's usually a good reason for it, right?
Like you saw me being all passionate and jumping up and down about the malries for a long time before you actually had a malerexperience, right?
Right.
And now you can see why I'm so very excited about the malerexperience.
That was awesome.
It's an exciting thing.
We'll get into it in greater detail later, but see if I'm like sour on something.
Especially if it's something that applies to my life like being married.
And every time the subject comes up, you see me just go off like somebody shot me out of a cannon.
Take it as a sign.
But that's the South Florida f-ing way.
If somebody's saying something, they must be out to get you.
They must be out to f with you, which is, you know, reason number, I don't know, one that I want to get out of this town.
Because the atmosphere down here is as if.
As if everyone is an A-hole out to get you.
And you are treated as if you are.
No one believes anything coming out of your mouth because everybody's a freaking gummy liar that you run into.
Everyone's looking to, you know, to get you.
And that's how you're treated.
And that's the atmosphere.
And if you're a nice person, a good person, and you're trying to be nice, they look at you like you're a weirdo or like you're a putz, like you're a victim.
It's like, oh look, there's a person who trusts people.
Poor guy.
Cash, ch-ching.
I can bank, you know, I can totally rape this guy.
Oh, I'm not talking about you this time, honey.
QA and hello.
Although.
Hey, hello.
Hey, George.
Hey, caller.
Hey, it's better up here in Palm Beach.
Is it far enough a waste for you or not?
I don't know.
I would have to, um, I'd have to sample it, you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's a thought.
I'm an open minded kind of guy.
I don't want to have opinions about things that I know nothing about.
I've never lived in Palm Beach, but it's worth a sample.
All right.
Are we lost here?
God, it was up here like 30 years ago.
I understand that.
But are the people hostile up there?
What's the atmosphere?
What's the emotional atmosphere there?
I'm looking for a place where people are friendly and nice, not out to get each other,
and not treating you as if you're out to get them.
Hey, it's not too bad.
Okay, well.
It's not too bad.
One of the things that the wife always says, you know, she's, when I start talking like this,
she goes, you have to, like, everywhere else is perfect.
You have to, like, all you got to do is move somewhere else,
and all your problems will disappear.
And I say, because this is what people do when they can't argue with your points,
is they put words in your mouth, and start arguing with the point that they wish that you made,
because they got a response to that.
I say, no, honey.
I never said that any of the other places where I live were perfect.
There are polls everywhere.
I said, this is the worst place I've ever lived.
By far, no contest don't even have to take time to think about it.
Any one of the elements that I dislike about this place would be enough of a reason for me not to want to live here.
Any one of them, and there are many, and just choose one.
The traffic, just based on that alone.
I don't want to live here.
And that's not even the worst part, as we all know.
QAIM, hello.
George, how are you, sir?
George, I'm from New York, and I'm not a typical New Yorker.
I made sure when I was like, so, teen, I'm 43.
I was a kid.
Florida Shogsboro.
The people that are from the island.
I'm a musician.
I'm a new school.
I was doing original music for a long time, no sport, just the way they all went to the teens and sports and all that stuff.
I just wanted to tell you, I was driving across Cluiston last night,
because I worked a hot hours in my call.
I do air conditioning, and in Cluiston.
I was listening to the station.
The only one I could pick up out there, which was, it was 8.50 am.
What's the station I heard Steve came on?
I had told Bill about it.
Why?
You would have said, why?
No.
It's a crazy station, you know?
But I just want to tell him last night at 3 in the morning, who's on the Greg Budeau?
Hey, thanks a lot.
You started the call by saying you're not a typical New Yorker.
I'll give you that.
But I would rather have heard from a typical New Yorker than somebody talking about people that are beneath our notice and beneath the notice of all human life and most animal forms on this planet.
18-12 on 5.60 am.
This is CBS.
I'm about to be your son.
Definitely.
Dad?
Yes, I'm.
On one day like this, I can't help but feel you're not so fresh.
You're telling me, swap ass, right?
Oh, yeah.
Well, son, I used to have that problem.
You don't get swap ass?
No, no.
I get signed your bottom's just as much the next guy.
But Daddy's got a little secret.
It's man ponds.
What?
Man ponds.
It's the only masculine dampness product in the market.
See, it's like 10 ponds, but for men.
Wow!
Does it work?
You bet your swivel as it does.
See, it's patented ergonomic design keeps it snug.
From your sack to your crack.
I could pull this entire beard on my shirt to stay completely dry.
Wow!
So where can I get some?
I'll set you up with one out of this beer.
But then you got to get your own.
Hmm.
I love these talks, introducing man ponds.
The only masculine dampness product in the market today.
Guaranteed to keep you feeling fresh from sad to crack.
Pick up a pack of man ponds dry for regular days.
Or man ponds plus for those heavy days.
Whether you're going for a jog or just have the worst hangover a matchable.
Give your undercarriage that fresh from the shower feeling.
Check your bruises masculine hygiene out.
Man ponds fresh from sad to crack.
11 till 12, 5, 60, QAM swamp ass boy.
We know it well down here.
We would have had that yesterday.
Hey, God forgive me for bitching that they moved the venue yesterday for the Maori show.
In the Native American show and everything.
We walk over to the circle.
And here's this like a sign.
You know it was like a sign because it was one.
Saying that they had moved the show to the performing arts center, two blocks south.
And I'm like I got to walk two blocks south.
I just walked all the way and I had paid for three hours of parking over there in the circle.
And I'm like I got to walk two hours south or I'm going to pick up the car and move it.
I'm not going to move the car.
I just paid for the park and spot.
I own that parking spot.
Can you imagine if we had been sitting during that show out in the heat out in this nasty swamp heat?
I don't know how you people move around outside.
But it was a great show.
We had a lot of fun.
The only thing like, you know, in afterward we had our meat and meat and green and picture taken session.
I'll be doing some nice face stuff and I'll be sending some pictures to Eric so that he can put them up pictures of us with an hour.
And I'm like, I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some nice face stuff and I'm going to be doing some
And I've realized it's not helping me to think about a lot of the things I've done, I've done a lot of crazy things, I've discussed and I've integrated this with this Tara, and we are going to be doing a lot of things I've discussed and I've discussed and I've discussed that I've met Kat in Alina,
us. So, so yes, one more of that and I can't believe you weren't and she just went on and on. I'm
wearing it. I tell you what honey, I'll drive us there. You can go your way. I can go mine. You
don't have to sit anywhere near me. There are people that I know are going to be showing up. I'll
sit with them. You go find some, you know, somebody go find some single men to mingle with. Go
single with the mingles. You and RJ were dressed pretty similar. So, you know, sure except I didn't
have my hair in a bun because I don't have enough hair for that. And that's the sad thing is
like, you know, eventually when I jammed with the moweries, when I did my hack with the moweries,
which by the way, you know what that felt like? Like, let's say, because Lincoln Park was just in
town for project revolution and I missed it. And like, if you're a big Lincoln Park fan, it was like,
hey, can I sing break in the habit you guys? You know, can I sing one step closer with you guys?
You know, after the show hanging out, after the show, it's like, we just do a little bit of,
you know, one step closer altogether. I have to admit that. I mean, I was impressed just seeing
you do the hawkah. But then seeing you do it, you start, like, you start the whole rhythm thing.
They maybe leave it. You started the whole rhythm thing. And then like, the three guys, like, okay,
maybe he knows what he's doing a little bit maybe. And then you got going into it within like
three or four seconds. They're like, oh, wow. So they had to like do it with you. It was just like,
wow. And when it was over, I mean, I've, there was, it was exhilarating. It was what the,
where the area where I go with that's called, the four years of life. Yeah, a lot of personal
lobby. Those at this time, it's almost nine o'clock. There's maybe 15, 20 people left in the air.
Right. The hangers on. Yeah. Shmuzin. And I'm, now I'm standing there right next to you guys,
basically, like, watching this happen. I'm hearing behind me, wow, who is that guy? And how do you learn
to do that? And I just hear one person like three or four people like, wow, who is that guy? And
you know, how did our day like? Wow. If you're listening and seeing, I wish that RJ had been there
because he's the one that taught me how to do that. And that would have made him proud. It's always,
it's always good when you can impress the teacher. You know, and then afterwards I could say that guy
right there, that cousin of yours, he's the one that taught me. And, and I appreciate it because
see, it's fun. And they, you know, it's, it's so beyond words. It's so unlike anything that we've
ever encountered because, you know, that's what they call song and dance. Nobody else would call it that.
They have, they have martial arts and they incorporated into their music for training. And there's,
they do martial arts to music for training purposes and for working out and to get you used to the
movements and all of the various things to make it fun for the kids. It's like, it's like going to
karate class, but we're going to do the routine. We're going to do the kata to a song. You understand,
it's just this weird, a whole very unique approach to everything that they do and it looks cool.
That's the bottom line. That's what hooked me. The first time you see it, see anybody doing anything
like that. You go, oh my god. What the hell? What is it? Oh my god. What is that? And as soon,
you know, I don't, you know, you know, I'm a hard ass. I'm not easily impressed. I'm very jaded.
I'm not easily impressed. And you see that it's like, it was not only impressive, but so impressive
that I wanted to learn how to do it.
Impressive. He must be impressive.
Salam. That was just awesome. I was so stoked and charged from that whole night.
First of all, oh, I mean, we were in a lobby. It was like, you had like five Cuban coffees because
you were just sure every sure and and you did you notice what my wife was doing the whole time sitting in a
chair looking at me with narrow eyes and purse lips, harms folded across her chest going there he goes
again, there he goes again, there he goes again. She doesn't like me. Oh, I don't think she likes
certain things about me like I don't want to, you know, leave my children in her hands. She likes
that about me. Yes, Liz, I'm starting to address your facts here a little by little. Don't worry,
I'm going to milk it slowly. You're wrong about some things. I'll set you right. You know, we
disagree. Otherwise, I wouldn't be having this back and forth thing with Liz, but you're very close
to home on some points. I'll give Liz credit words do. I'd like to know why I'm a lung kid.
Oh, don't you know why you're a lung kid? You're the poster child for lung kids.
Because says you called her money, money, money, money, grubbing and she's going to correct you and
you know, I'm going to side with her on that one. She says some things about Lucy that I'll
correct her about. Lucy's doing the right thing. Lucy's helping herself Liz. You'll understand
once I get into it. Here's another thing that you didn't notice is I had to,
unfortunately, I was drinking a lot of soda so I had to sneak out and take a break. Is that why you
ran? Well, the worry would happen because why ran? I heard this like emotion and you're just
like starting up the thing. When I knew that they were going to start, you know, they were doing
the the mellow or song and dances and they said that they were going to start Haka Eng later on.
And I didn't want to miss any of that. No precious moment of that.
So I had to go to the bathroom and I was throwing a sitting there at the at the urinal. And here's
this guy. It's just sour, sour, typical exactly what I was talking about. Typical,
self-lurety and kind of a thing. So, you know, what do you think about this? And I said about
the Mori stuff. I said I think it's the greatest thing ever. So you think it's worth it?
Worth it? It's free. The parking is free. There's no tentative. Worth it? It's free.
I've drive to Orlando to see this show if that's the only place that they were coming.
You know about it. Yeah, I'm just not on and on. You know, I could have said some things. I thought
about saying them some things. But you know, you know me. I'm not going to I'm not going to spin
the cycle that way. I'm going to spin it in the other direction if possible. Unlike a typical
self-lurety and if somebody's being all nasty and hostile, instead of doing the gut thing,
the reaction thing of, you know, telling them what you think of them. It's like,
what aren't you a piece of work? You come here to a free show. These people traveled halfway
around the world to share their culture with you. The seminoles are paying for this.
And you're sitting here winding in bitching because they moved the freaking venue. You'd rather be
sitting in the sun right now, getting swampas. You miserable sack of self-lurety and crap. You are
why I hate this place. Sir, I didn't say that. Instead, I just said positive things about the show.
And how glad I was that it was indoors and the AC was nice and cool. Wasn't it nice and comfy
and how the acoustics in there were great when they were stomping on the stage during their
hot-cut stuff. It was just that made this big crunchy boom all the way through the auditorium.
Wasn't that great? I was like, you were either facing there, then that... See, what's better than a
band that gets chicks? A band that scares chicks. So what's better than an act, a Polynesian native
indigenous peoples act that sounds good? Something that'll scare you. That's a it was cool. They were
great. I'm Okura people. They got another show tonight. As a matter of fact, the flyers are
around here somewhere. Yeah, look at this. At the Seminole Tribe main auditorium. Not too late.
6,300 sterling rodent Hollywood. Hey! Well, if I didn't have plans for Horan,
maybe I'd go see them again. It's not too late for you guys. There you go. I'm Okura. Great show.
The house was packed. Wasn't it? Yeah. And the boolean there eventually. Yeah, when they had
us all stand up to kind of learn how to do one of the simple dances. Audience, put your hands
in. Wow, this place is totally packed. Place was totally packed. It was fun. Nice people.
And see, here's the thing about them. And you know, the one lady was shooting me a dirty look
because the girl comes out and she says, I'm cute. And I said, cute, I'm back. And she shoots me
this dirty look. And I was like, that's hello. That's what they like to hear. Bitch.
Sound looking green for some and sucking bitch. Did you notice that? No, I didn't see that one.
Oh, great. We're going to lose power today. That's fine. We just had a little bit of a
lightning strike. Is it raining cats and dogs out there? Oh, no, that's a bitch. She said hello
I said hello back, bitch. Yeah, now I was asking him a Craig and a couple of them said it's
almost a combination of everything. It's how low it's like a low hot. It's like a low hot. It's
all of it. It's like, chow. It's great. And they were great. And here's another thing that I
know haven't hung with them at least for five minutes. The memories and most people, most people
like it when you like their culture. Most people are very flattered when you take an interest
to their culture. And they like their culture. They're proud of their culture. And if you
enter it and impress by it and everything that makes them feel good and they epitomize that.
The memories epitomize that. They're just touched and flattered. The Maori guys, yeah, after I did
that, the Haka jam with them. All backslap and backpatton, like I paid them a compliment. Of course,
it's a compliment when somebody takes the time to learn something about another culture.
And that isn't easy to do, by the way. Because learning how to do a chant or a song or something
in a language that you don't speak when you don't know what the hell you're saying. It's way
harder than when you do know what you're saying. Because how do you know if you're saying it right
or not? Only by memory. So that's the plan now is we're going to teach you and Josh and all
these other people. And like next time we're all drunk at a party, we're going to do the
comment. It gets chicks. If you don't think that it gets chicks, did you hear the women talking
after the show? The women that we were with talking after the show? Oh, yeah. Oh, man. Oh, man.
You paint some swirly designs on your face, put on a grass skirt, and then start stomping and
making faces. You're going to get laid. It's 12. It is 12. On 560 WQIM, 12.5 on 560 WQM,
12.6. You know why is the clock perpetually wrong in here? I just reset it. I'm reading the
time off my watch over here. By the way, come see a dirty DNA. If you like that kind of thing, modern
punk sound, retro punk sound, former members of Creece and their Creece is on hiatus. This is the
new act that they got going on. Pompano. Tomorrow, 28. What is it? 2480 Hammondville Road?
What is that? Is that the Pompano Beach Ampitheatre or something? I have no idea. It doesn't say it on
here, Fritz. 24. Whatever is it? 2480 Hammondville Road. Sweet 3. Really? Oh, at the scene. The scene,
never heard of it, but of course I don't get to Pompano that often. It's 10 bucks, two minutes
from the term pike, coconut Creedex, it also appearing red sky south, seasons lost, and
India, my assume these are local or up in coming bands. That's tomorrow. And don't forget tonight,
you know, one more chance to see Amokura. Yeah, now we're in memories from New Zealand, 6300
Sterling Road in Hollywood at the Seminole Tribe of Florida main auditorium. So is that on the
somewhere on the res somewhere? Yeah. And the Seminole stuff was good. I missed the story telling
guy. I would have sat through the story telling guy, boy, but if I had been sitting through that,
how long was that story? 40 minutes? If I had had to sit in the sun, getting swamp ass, listening
to the story telling guy, I might not have enjoyed his story so much. I wanted to hear the Native
American creation myth. Not that it's any more likely to be true than any of the other creation
myths, but why not? Why not hear it? QAIM, hello. Hello. Hello. Is this a new ride to show?
This is the Neil Rogers show. Neil's busy right now. Can I help you with something?
Oh, yeah. I'm just trying to talk about what you were talking about. The marries. Yes, sir.
I really enjoyed that stuff like that. What you were talking about, they put their stuff to music.
Yes. They're martial arts. Yes. Okay, if you look at the...
For training purposes, you know, they get the kids used to doing the martial moves by making dances out of it.
Yeah, exactly. Because you hear like programs like a lot of Spartans that used to do the same thing.
Yes. Yes. They make it fun for the kids.
Exactly. They are going drill, but they have... Sure.
...like the best musicians and drummers in the world they used to have.
Go see the show. Oh, yeah, I have to see that. So we get...
It was spectacular. There's another good show they used to have, but I don't know if you ever seen it
before. It's called Rangani K then. No. And that is sort of from India, like, you know,
like, Oriental people, but they're from India. Yes, yes.
And they had the show all over the place. They had an Howard Christian at Temple in Miami.
And they used to have another show too, going on. And that's where exciting to an ultimate
thing, martial arts, but with music and dancers. Right on.
And Anam Kamba, and Kamba with Thor, and Spear. That's very exciting.
All right. I love stuff like that. Me too. Thank you very much.
Go see him, man. Go see him tonight. 6300 does Sterling Road.
Main auditorium. The Seminole Tribe. I mean, it says Seminole Tribe before. I guess that's a place.
QA Hello. Hey George. How are you doing? Fine.
I'm just out of question about you were announcing the location for the X numbers of
Cree. You know, we're on Ham andville Road. Yeah, the place is called the scene. I wasn't
reading ahead. I'm a bad reader, you know, the. They're going to be performing tomorrow night at
the scene. There is a new group now called 30 DNA. Okay. 30 DNA. Check them out. My space.
Listen, my space.com forward slash dirty DNA. I just want to make it calm. I mean,
uh, that that area doesn't lend itself to that sort of music. It really, really.
I was just locked your doors. You know, lock your doors. What can I do? Oh,
believe me. In the daytime, you have to. Okay. Hey, by the way, George, you're really just
stored. I'm not cutting on. I'm saying like you're overmodulating on the phone.
A second time, I just thought I put that in for. I was going to run it. I know. So that is
beyond our control. I have absolutely no ability to regulate how hot we pour into your phones.
QA hello. Hello, George. Hello, caller. Hey, uh, a question. Sure. A couple of things. Why can't
you guys get rid of the Spanish station in the background for Christ? Say. Okay. Next question.
It's because it's beyond our control. How's that? All right. Next question. What does the rating
mean? Like if you have a five share, how many people are listening? If you have a three share,
how many people are listening? That changes during the day. What you hear when you hear that number
share, let's say a five share, that means 5% of the people listening to the radio at that time.
And that number changes because different, the number of people listening changes continuously
throughout the day and and by the minute, by the hour, there are more. You understand, but that.
So all you can do is is get a percentage of the audience listening at the moment. So depending on,
so you there are a whole like when we get that number, there's a whole row of numbers there. Do you understand?
Twenty thousand people, a hundred thousand people. Sure. Yeah. If many is a hundred thousand. Absolutely. Sure.
No kidding. No kidding. Okay, George. I'm listening to you. I'm getting. I'm begging you to be over the right.
A hundred thousand and one. QA hello. Yes. I've been listening to your show and I like the way you say you've been doing the
Haka with the day. Yes. Yeah. I'm I'm one of the guys who dance with the Haka for 15 years. Are you a Maori? Yeah. The Maori.
Kia ora. Are we out of show here? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. I said Kia ora. Yeah. Kia ora. I'm right. Don't leave me hanging on.
You through that. The kamati for me someone knows I do the Ka'mat. The man. Damn it. Guys.
How  Malo here? The den? Burudu here? My pocket ita down, open.
I've opened 2.?
Open it. My appetitea how do you like that? Yeah a very great.
What you know, man? I was lonely. Yes, today. I do it. I do it right, man. I do it right. I'd put the face on,
I lump Islam. I slap. I get myself all red. You should see. I haven't listen to your show although
I was listening to those guys and to the football show but now I'm interested in you.
That's right. You like that guy, my piece of...
You know it. I'm gonna...
Listen, I'm gonna get a tie-ah-ha. I'm gonna learn a pedo pedo-haka. You wait.
All right, guys.
All right.
All right, sir. I'm my friend for RJ. He knows me.
Well, I know him. I know RJ, I know Joanna. I know Heymana.
I used to know Leilani. I guess she took off.
And now I have to finish the radio. All right. Hey, key on him, mate.
I'll be here for later.
All right. Kia ora.
Kia ora.
All right. Take it easy, man. Don't leave me hanging like that.
I was pulling all the mowries in, giving them some nose and everything.
It's like, whoa, oh, okay. The nose. Here you go. 1212 and all those radio, 560, QIM.
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports.
I like reading the sports section.
I like reading the sports section too.
Have the pafer is better news in a computer. You can read the paper on a toilet.
You have to like computers because...
What's it got to do with sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
We got a girl in here.
Yeah. A girl.
Hello.
We're straight. That's a girl.
Girls are okay, but I'd rather stare blankly ahead and just talk about sports sports.
Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports
Spice, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Pulse sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, communion and Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports trough and Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sport, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Spice sports, Sp
Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores, Spores.
I hold with us today, and this isn't half your same.
It's time for the spit and some jaw.
And I'm not wearing any clothes.
Stay there, okay, that's me looking her small.
That's me looking her cleaver.
Just right over in my tongue, right up her cleaver.
Yeah, boy.
Okay, and how do you get in that picture?
Okay, so you can take your seat now.
Just showing suds some slideshow, bringing them up the date.
It suds Coleman, ladies and gentlemen,
the world famous suds Coleman of Rick and suds fame.
The way about your gum.
You know, you got garbage next to you over there.
These are your user-friendly studios since we designed them ourselves.
Sorta kinda.
Where there's a garbage with an arm's reach of anywhere you might be at.
You got the big list, Michael.
Yes, look.
For you, for you suds, for you spare no expense.
Now they would not do the engineering staff at WQM.
Oh yeah, WQM.
I heard about the book.
I forgot what the caller is.
Yeah, don't worry.
And so did everybody else.
Congratulations on cleaning up this microphone in his absolute stack.
He took it apart and steamed it.
No kidding.
They put it in an auto-clap.
You know those auto-claves that they have at the hospital for sterilizing the equipment?
We auto-claped that microphone.
And so now, any food that gets in that microphone is going to be coming out of your mouth.
Very soon.
The suds Tony shows up with some people's pie.
Oh, for me!
No, no, no.
It's for us.
Oh, now this thing's all cleaned up.
People will be able to understand me.
It's going to smell like weed and pizza.
Because of the heat.
That's where we've been.
The sour apple marinated pizza.
The pizza you can't stop eating.
Well, you know, part of that doesn't matter.
Really?
Sure.
And it works.
It didn't do any harm.
Okay.
You know, I can't say honestly because I've had the brownies and I can't say honestly that I've ever felt anything.
I have to agree with the brownies.
Plus everyone says, oh no, you're full of crap.
I know.
I'm back to brownies like that.
They're really tasted very good.
They were always kind of...
I have one though.
Well, it doesn't taste good when you chew on it quite frankly.
It's not a very good lightest.
It's like putting a big water pot in a tea bag and stay there.
People wasted.
We've been accused of that.
We've been accused of that.
As a matter of fact, I got another picture I want to show you.
We've been accused of wasting it all the time and that's because of our method.
I see.
Because the life doesn't like bowls.
She like rolls.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to know that's not very efficient but who might argue?
I got so many real problems with her that don't include that.
I can't keep it.
You know, it's such a wonderful woman.
Of course, I only see her a couple of times.
She sure will.
She likes you.
She likes you and you're wise.
She likes you.
She doesn't like you.
No.
No, no.
She likes things about me.
She likes my paycheck.
She likes how easily manipulated I am.
She likes the, you know, I'm a stand-up guy that does the right thing.
She likes those things about me.
She likes that I'm hooked up with all these freebies that she can glom onto.
We go to a lot of restaurants for free and what not.
She likes that.
Sure.
I think I'm done.
She likes them like that shirt though.
She doesn't like the pirate shirt with no sleeves on it.
She likes that I impress other people because it benefits her sometimes.
But she is not impressed by me at all in her own right.
You know, but she acknowledges that some people are impressed.
She laughs at those people and thinks that they're silly for being impressed by the likes of me.
But not that she's not willing to take whatever comes along with that.
You know, oh, you impressed someone and we got something free because of it?
That's great.
You still suck.
You still allow the excuse for a person, but that's great.
Oh, man.
Well, they're not such a...
See, she has a high opinion of me.
She just...it's like this.
There's business and there's personal.
Yeah.
She has a high business opinion of me.
Personally, she can't stand me.
Personally, she has no warm feelings for me.
So you're half way there.
Yeah, I thought that, you know, I thought that I could make progress in that department.
But she's really nice.
She's a tip to all these guys out there.
You know, you got a woman and she doesn't like you very much.
You think you're going to get her to like you by being nice.
Guess what?
It doesn't work that way.
Leave.
You know what?
Leave and then she'll like you.
If they like you, they'll like you if you're stupid.
Like me?
Oh.
Look at Pam, you know, I think it's too late to put that act on.
I already used too many big words.
I don't think she would buy that.
Speaking of stupid, did you know that Chris was a lung head?
Well, I sort of heard that on the way.
Yes, I've heard Liz.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I don't know who he is.
I have some tip point.
I have some tip point.
Okay.
Yeah.
Great.
I have some tip point.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Great.
Like a popular toy.
Amazing rock star Brittany Spirit.
Ha, ha, ha.
A lot of Tabloid stories about you.
These these these these these these these things.
These these these things.
Mm hmm.
its and
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
Whats the story?
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
They are Founder.
But you mentioned in previous interacted chat.
You mentioned in previous calling you the wrong one.
At the time.
What's the biggest misconception about you?
I love sex in the bed.
I love my girlfriend.
And you could possibly never realize you could love something that much.
Girls just go to her foot.
I love that boy.
The station calls, cards, something Pennsylvania.
Hello.
Hello, Brittany.
Hello.
You're completely single right now, right?
Completely single.
Well, I've always had a crush on you.
If you wanted, you just kidding.
Cool.
Will you do me tonight behind the bowling alley?
Yes, I will.
We'll be right back.
I'm Larry King live.
I'm going.
29-1-560-WQAM.
It's the Spik and Sud Show Friday edition as usual.
Yes, we'll.
Can't get enough of this.
You know, she's way more than you.
What a freaking oist.
What, Brittany?
I know.
I know.
She could have been re-invited after all of this and she just
I can soul myself with this.
I wouldn't have been able to get there anyway.
So what difference does it make that she can get?
I know.
By that bit, you might be able to.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, but no.
Realistically speaking, I never had a chance anyway because I don't smell like Kevin
Federline.
He's stunted.
You hear that story?
He had bad BO.
And I guess she likes that kind of thing.
Remember the guy that she married for five minutes?
She's got a son.
I remember like Goober with the giant ears that she married for five minutes.
It's obvious the kind of guy that she goes for and I'm not it.
Well, I still have a chance.
Josh?
Josh, if we took Josh and gave him a different haircut and didn't allow him to bathe
for a week.
Or shave for three days.
Josh might have a chance.
As a matter of fact, what we'll do is, you know, and here's more things that we can do
to make you more attractive to Brittany.
Dress you up like you're a wannabe rapper.
All right.
You get the new hat.
Put it on your head sideways.
Take your fists and pound them up against the asphalt so that you get some knuckle
abrasions going, you know.
Some knuckle abrasions so that you look like a fight a lot.
And she'll just dive right into your bed.
She'll dive right into your pants.
You know, Nicole Richie's already ahead of Brittany in this respect that Nicole's already
lighting her baby dry.
I'm going to save Liz's letter for Monday because Monday ain't going to be nothing going on.
Even having a waste precious suds time.
I'm going to have nothing on Monday.
Monday's going to be all Chris's a long-head radio and my wife is a, I don't know what name Liz is trying to call her over here.
Slot is a slider.
My wife is a sloppy slacker.
Liz, are you one of our neighbors?
Have you met my wife?
Are you looking in the window, Liz?
You're still, and she goes, she goes, um, we're just reading the letters.
Sorry, George.
Am I hitting close to home?
Close.
But not there.
I'll adjust your sights for you, Liz.
I'll adjust your sights so you can hit the bull's eye.
You're not far off.
Okay, and I'm a stickler for accuracy.
But I'm going to put Liz's letter over here.
What does that have to do with New Castle ice cream?
I've never heard of New Castle ice cream.
That's why you came here.
New Castle.
We are on the cutting edge.
I've heard of New Castle ice cream.
I've heard of it.
Well, right.
Were the cutting edge ends?
That's where we begin over here on this show.
New Castle ice cream.
New Castle ice cream.
Somebody sent this Lincoln for me over here.
It's in England.
It's available now.
It's New Castle brand.
Ice cream and it's beer-flavored ice cream.
No, kidding.
I'm not.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I assume.
Here's the picture.
You can't make it out.
But you can read the article over there and read the, oh, that's a New Castle.
Got her.
He's a New Castle.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So now what we have is a matter of fact, I had New Castle last night.
The ale house has New Castle on top for what it's worth.
Hollywood ale house.
Yeah.
If you want to know.
They also have, well, all the ale houses.
They have, at least the one in the day.
They have Guinness.
But here's what the deal is.
They serve it in one of those mud.
You know, that's frosted and cold.
Yeah.
Guinness doesn't, you know, I know.
But see, I'm not a fan of the carpet beers.
Oh.
I, I do like my beer to be really cool.
Well, here's a nice one.
I like everything to be cold, like my wife's heart.
I like, I like, like, red wine is supposed to be served at room temperature.
And I like it chilled.
Call me a barbarian if you will.
I don't care.
I like it cold.
QAM, hello.
Spikensut Show.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Are you taking phone calls?
I'm, you know, unless this is an audio illusion, it sounds like I did.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm, I'm on the air.
You're on the air right now.
So whatever stupidity you got to say, this, this is your time.
Okay.
Well, I just wanted to comment.
This is Ed Jordan.
I wanted to comment on, I know you all are burnt out about the Michael Vick story.
No, we're not burnt out.
That would imply that we've been discussing it at all.
But go ahead.
What do you got?
We'll make the best of it.
The bad thing of it is, is usually, I'm not going to say anything to him.
I've already been said.
But you know what, what he did was wrong.
I agree.
But I think, you know, the people, the media and some people act like he just killed 50 people.
Okay.
Well, you know, like that's the thing.
Here on, here on this show, we don't, we don't play the, what is more bad than anything else, you know, like, like, for example, you know, if you kill one person or if you kill 50 people or if you kill one dog or if you kill 50 dogs, we don't play the, that kind of a game.
If you do something scummy, we say your scum.
Period.
And that's it.
The point is, at all the things that are happening in the world and also in the sports world, you know, is this way.
We could, you know, somebody fixing games or whatever.
And the media certainly does not, you know, does not, you know, air the things that they should be airing most of all, you know.
But this is the story that has, like, people like dogs.
I could understand it.
There are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there
like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like, there are, like
where someone thinks that sometimes you are having your third family and you get up and you get up and you get up  at the table. That no one cares. I don't know jeans, and I want two jeans. No one is SBS and I, don't even tell me
when I cash out a lot of hair and I do it every day. For every night. I spend like, for every day. So, so, so, so, so, of every night, I spend like, everything is cute, and, and it was even a few hours later, like that I would go shopping with a guy in full hours
and from Newcastle, he's actually from a little townhouse out of Newcastle called Reading.
And he says that the people from Newcastle don't even drink Newcastle beer because the
plant that it's made in and so disgusting that you wouldn't even want to have a dog to
truck out of the bottle.
All right.
So more for me, I was like, right up my alley.
Add extra road should taste better.
Yeah, they give you extra kind of zing, but you know, I just want to let you know.
Okay.
You know what?
When you talk to your friend, ask him what they do drink in Newcastle.
We'd like to try that.
Hey, George.
What?
You got to be like, no, I'm not drinking at all.
I just ended up with the fire.
Fire.
I'd do it all.
Hey, you got to be 420 a day.
The alcohol you put in your system, I get it.
Listen, if they let us smoke inside the building, we'd be high now.
Hey, George.
I got the coffee.
I got the coffee.
Oh, thank you, sir.
Oh, I thought he was gone.
Too bad.
QA M Hello.
Hey, George.
I'm here to talk about cooking with marijuana and here also.
Now, you cool with them both together?
Okay.
Yeah.
So the cooking with marijuana, you can't just throw the pot into whatever cooking thing
you're making.
If the pot isn't reached a certain temperature, the CHC won't release.
So you're just eating pot for nothing.
Okay.
So when you eat it, it won't.
The pot with brownie, which comes, you know, most recipes are butter and oil is usually
added to the brownie mix.
As you put that butter and oil into a pan, on your burner, put the pot in there and you
steep it in that and bring that to a real light boil.
And that will release all the CHC into your butter and your oil.
Mmm, butter, pop, wheat, butter, popcorn.
You actually strain all the pot out and throw it with our research.
Pot, pot, pot, okay.
And all the CHC is in your butter and oil and you mix that met recipe as follows and
you start to weave in.
Alright.
Second, as far as I'm talking about the Guinness and ice cold glass, that's the bartender
should be shot dead.
Hey man, brother.
Full pot, basic bartender rule.
You know, I don't want to warm, but jeez.
Oh, I think cold, but they never would play anything in a frosted ice class.
No, no.
And he's a stranger.
Yes, he is.
They don't get any stranger.
Thank you very much.
See, I don't, you know, everything is subjective, including taste and I talk about this.
I didn't, I had to learn to like beer.
I wasn't one of these people that liked it.
My friends forced me to Montana people.
They did it on purpose and we were going to go out and shoot and we're going to load the
cooler up with beer and all kinds of munchies and chips and pretzels and things like that
and we're going to be gone all day and there's not going to be nothing for this little
spicted drink but beer.
And so eventually you choke down enough of it where it doesn't taste like bitterness.
It just tastes like that right.
It's like a beer beer.
Oh, we weren't drinking honey.
Honey was serious business.
We were just, you know, when you'd go drink and we would just call it shooting but there
was no such thing as going shooting unless you were also taking something to drink.
Sure.
No such thing.
It studies your hand.
You know, every deersive where I lived in Pennsylvania, there's a in a middle of nowhere
but during hunting season, all these guys from Pittsburgh and Buffalo, they'd show up,
you know, every year, no season.
Every year, somebody should...
The non-hundreds.
A giant buck.
Don't know, but a cow.
Yeah.
Every year.
To people that don't know, no, no, no.
Do season is like what?
One week long season where you can shoot the females only and the rest of it, you can only
shoot bucks.
Yeah.
Oh, listen, we could tell stories all day long about the out of towners that would come
to town and shoot all kinds of things that they didn't.
On my favorite one, somebody shot a farmer's mule.
No.
Listen, I'd joist you not.
And they were deadly serious.
They were deadly serious.
They actually gutted it and took it to the checkpoint, tagged all proud.
And here was the actual excuse.
I thought it was a mule deer.
Straight.
Listen, if I hadn't been living there at the time and no one would have done that, got the
mule shot, I wouldn't have believed it.
QAM, hello.
I thought it was a mule deer.
Hello.
No time for that.
We got other collars on here.
QAM, hello.
Hey, great.
But in that great radio mixture, forgot Phil Hendry.
Yeah, I mentioned him earlier.
I mentioned him earlier.
You can't even laugh at the him.
Because it's syndicated, shows off the air.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The suds know?
No, I don't.
No.
We don't know how to hang out together.
People think that all this radio people hang out together.
Just me and suds.
And if suds is busy, then me and his wife hang out.
And I like that better.
I just did.
So does she.
Because that was great.
So do I.
Phil Hendry and Neil Rods.
That's what it was.
Take a lesson to somebody.
Hey, anybody in town with some idle money, want to make some?
I know how.
Put a radio station on.
Nobody else is doing it right now.
18 till.
17 till.
One on 560 WQAM.
I don't know.
We're getting ready to go back to school.
Back to school shopping.
So it's not all just fun games.
I've been going to this high school for seven and a half years.
I know, don't.
Very teachers respect.
It's back to school today.
It's like an in-all summer long.
There's no way I'll get out.
Keep sleeping.
See my friends.
Hope they aren't all lame.
Don't want to worry about one hour.
Don't want to be a geek.
I'm a sicker.
It's really a geek.
Because it's back to school time.
Teachers and principals there are high and break and I'm breaking out my zizzar.
I'm right.
Don't even, don't even want to start to cry.
I can't stop crying.
I'd rather go out and hang.
But I got a pile of homework now.
This is hell.
This school is so free.
Because it's back to school time.
The teachers and principals there are high and break and I'm looking like a pizza face guy.
I don't even can't even think I'm going to cry.
I'm going to cry.
Because it's back to school time.
Teachers and principals there are high and break and I'm breaking out my zizzar.
I'm right.
Don't even can't even think I'm going to cry.
I might talk to a one five sixty Q.A.M.
That's what would be wrong with that system.
So we're just explaining the Don and Mike system.
I want to share that with the audience for the jokes.
Which we don't do at all.
Anyway, we would have to apply it to our own format over here.
And that is, if you want to get on the air and make a comment.
I don't know if it's a great idea or not, but I just never heard of it.
Not for us, it's not.
I will tell you why.
Because what they do is, if you call and want to tell a joke, they make you give them your cell phone number and then they'll call you back.
And you can tell the joke.
And if they don't like it, don't laugh.
They put your number out on the air and on their website.
That's great.
The other problem is that we have people in the audience that would like that.
Exactly.
They're starved for attention.
They don't have any real friends.
And that's the problem with it.
When you don't have any real friends, anybody to call and share good times and bad times with.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell the joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
And if you want to tell a joke, you can tell a joke.
Which month are you in now?
I actually have only got three months probation.
And November 5th, did I have an English call for that?
That's Neil's birthday.
No, November 5th is by Independence Day for the July.
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Do you celebrate your Independence Day for the July?
Yes, I know.
Oh my God.
but sad.
Oh, a man, of course, knows.
Nobody is safer than somebody in a Smover.
Somebody is safer than somebody in a Smover.
To a certain point, but the Justice sees, oh, yeah, well, he don't care.
He sees that I had a possession.
Doesn't matter how much...
Whatever.
I mean, what could he do?
Hey, what about Lindsey Lohan?
She got...
haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha
haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha hahaha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha
go back at you
i could be a lot of you know you two
the day for korean
the grandfather
question is that book of ryan who's korey
oh no korey selvin leefelman flees are new promotions director over here
uh... every time i hear the name selvin i want to think of korean front of it
okay
well as you know a george if you like dark beer
yes you got to try the sear Nevada and it's called the poor because here
are about a just a company
it's kind of at the gift flavor but not as strong in use the energy for shilling
but this is good dint it
c
uh... one of my favorite things to do man i were cool one i start quandai
with her
centi forever
the do it for a heart to
cutan the
George yes what's up buddy I didn't you tell us hey can you play that CD for me the CD yeah
CD not no I don't see them really you're showing me and I still don't see them wow that's so old we're
telling that joke and I love you know I'll wait till the break what why oh you know I have
spell I hot and then put a nest on the end I H O P's what QA hello 714 that's Jack
Web's badge number yes that's also the quid hey hey still Henry is on overnight on wings they
buried him now all that's right that's right and as far as that call from the old days that was
definitely the best lineup it just goes to show you the clear channel now as their head up the
rest as they got the same morning show on for 20 hours a day and on Saturdays and then the guys
that are on the morning show when they play their best of play guys that aren't even on their show
anymore so what does that tell you about the state of radio it tells me I don't even listen anymore
really I know it rocks it rocks in the them the bill of bond is gone I know I cry we we we
know we want to the L house yesterday would have been a no-brainer we would have just gone over to
the Bung well the L House I'll get out of sponsor there's beer's good but their food was oh we
didn't have there wasn't a good meal between us they're not a sponsor sorry if you are but we
had nothing good nobody got anything good to eat last night yeah well yeah that's and that's
widespread George want to show keep yeah take it easy man is like it was like I'm gonna eat those
chips are still it's like oh still I like stale you know a little bit of extra chewy they weren't
they were stale they were wet they were liquid they were like I don't know what that guy is like
when he's coming down I don't you know I don't I don't want to know speak out of which the other last
week when the beast did the show for you that one thank you again beast I was doing something and I
turned the radio on and it was down some and I heard him on there and I thought holy crap sounds
like George is just about ready to split a blood vessel and I turned it up and it was the beast
oh cuz that what I sound like when I'm ready to split a blood vessel I had I had split several
that's why I wasn't there I was all bleeding on the inside of my leg three two one and all
internal bleeding radio five sixty wqa m
have a million dollar weekend wqa m 56
i'm gonna tell you about my younger days when my health was good but my mind was great by chemical
interactions in my brain all right yes I got high you know it's true but what I'm gonna relate to
you will keep you just like me and going insane cuz you know fear is good for you
yeah yeah keep on crashing no you don't get them every time
rock then you're ahead no wonder is false stone your heart could satisfy red as hell the
month you just get bigger tell your money's lunch and mine will all be full but you know there
is good for you and you feel here is good for you and there is good for you
here is good for you and you feel here is good for you and you feel here is good for you
here is good for you don't cut a bulls inside your head can turn into a freak show instead
thanks to every American horn home to you people can expect a paranoid
If I cut it, there's nothing left but saw nothing, but it's through
Hey, don't feel bad, don't feel blue about all this jive I'm laying on you
I'm just trying to make a point and make it clear
No, don't get angry, don't lose hope
Just because you can't use dope, you can always make a rude good ace of fear
Cause you know fear is good for you
Fear is good for you, fear is good for you
Fear is good for you, fear is good for you, fear is good for you
Fear is good for you, dark or light, it's brown or sunny
Worked, waiting, gold or money, all baby that fear is good for you
Give your tongue a tingle and your mind a buzz
Wake up in the morning with a mouth full of buzz
All baby that fear is good for you
And you know fear is good for you, fear is good for you
Fear is good for you, now it's good to stack the better the jail
Lookers cough and so does mail
Off baby if fear is cheaper too
So fail the man behind the bar, be e e e out
Oh, oh, oh
Fear is good for you, and you know fear is good for you
Fear is good for you, fear is good for you, fear is good for you, fear is good for you
Here is good for you, here is good for you, here is good for you, here is good for you,
Here is good for you, I've been in there,
in there, it's good for you.
Woo!
104, 560 WQM, what was topical?
Well normally you know I like to play that song when it's such as here anyway.
It takes me back to all its old types, we like to nostalgic trip back to the days when we worked at a radio station and we were all together.
We had really really really good times on and off the air.
And I really enjoyed Rick pissing off management.
See I've come, you see everything that I learned about talk radio I learned there, you know from Neil and what was that?
Oh I'm sorry, it's my pace banker.
Oh wow, I think I have a little tone here.
Well listen I think a lot of people will attest to that.
Okay I will bug Brian sending me messages.
Oh I got to disable the sounds on this little chat thing.
I had to reinstall everything over here on the computer so that I could get this one program to work.
Oh fine, yeah I did.
I'll disable the little tones.
Yeah they have Newcastle and Fuji Finos on tap.
Wait or just they just have it.
Oh, I was just reminded of, I hope I'm saying it right.
Fuji Fino, the Oakland Park or something like that.
I don't know.
It's a sports bar.
I'm not allowed to go in the forest in university.
So mom won't let you cross the street across the university.
That's too bad.
Lucy was just in here.
I got to tell the story where we'll recap it.
One of the million, hey Liz, you know and I got to correct you your opinion about Lucy.
Just because somebody doesn't agree with somebody else that doesn't mean that they are something other than just whatever you disagree with.
Lucy is a pimp and doing all the right things and I don't know if I'm supposed to say this on the air but I will anyway because
I was going to say before I tangent off into Lucy.
Everything that I learned about how to do talk radio right, I learned at that place and I noticed a correlation.
You know I tend to figure things out and put things together.
You know I think about things.
I'm a thinking kind of guy and I've noticed that whatever management hated the most, that's what the audience liked the best.
You bet.
It seemed to be a universal principle.
Like management was pulling their hair out, running up and down the hall going, W-T-EVERLINE DOING NOW MY GUN I CAN'T BLOW THE DOING!
That means we were going to have a really good book.
That meant that somebody is doing something really great and exciting on the air because management is having a heart attack.
That's the yardstick.
That's the qualityometer right there.
If some bean counting butt plugs suit.
If some tie wearing number adding M-F has a problem with it, you know it's good.
You know it's going to be great and that's the problem with letting those people run the station.
You know you can let them run the station and count the beans but why not let the personality people, the performance people, determine what should be on the air and what should be programmed.
All you need is a bunch of guys to come in and do the shows and then you need one guy with a key for the door.
Okay.
Okay and then you need a lawyer.
Oh yeah.
Good one.
You need a lawyer to make sure you can do whatever you want.
Right.
You need a lawyer to block you.
Not to tell you.
Don't do that.
You need a lawyer to tell you what you can do.
You know what you can do.
You need a lawyer to protect you from the people that want to stop you from entertaining the audience.
Joyce, not a lawyer that's going to use a sports analogy and I was telling this to Clarence the other day.
It's like getting blocked by your own team.
It's like you're own defense of line.
Instead of defending you, they're the ones tackling you.
What good is having a lawyer who when somebody says,
well you can't do that and the lawyer sells you what?
Yeah, no, you can't do that.
I can't save them a lot of money.
No.
The lawyer is supposed to go, what do you mean you can't do that?
Sure, the law says you can and we'll stand, you know, see, I can save them a lot of money because if the lawyer only knows one word.
No, no.
You know, no.
This machine here is like, like, what, one day's paycheck for a lawyer.
No.
I'll do the lawyer's job for half and I'll just sit in a room with this here machine and whatever, whatever someone says, hey, how you doing?
No.
Whatever you want to do, no, the answer, no, you can't do it.
No.
I'm thinking how much to pass the savings on to me.
Oh sure.
Yeah, pass the savings on to somebody else.
Pay some of the hired help.
Pay some of the people that actually do some work.
Some money and stuff.
You know, I am always wearing a pirate shirt yesterday.
I'm kind of with no sleeve.
Didn't you see?
No sleeves.
I was a lunatic.
I showed you the pictures, right?
Yes.
Jammin' with the Maurees.
You know, you never get to say that.
No.
At least I know.
No.
I've never.
And that's, you know what, that's a me thing.
That's a George thing.
I like to be able to say things that don't often get hurt or people don't often say.
When the Beatles album, what does that mean?
Let it be.
From the soul.
Sergeant Pepper.
Ah, Sergeant Pepper.
Okay.
When Sergeant Pepper came out, I remember exactly because it was that time that I got really into the Mauree music.
Really?
Yeah.
Now they say Mauree.
Mauree, yeah.
Don't worry about it.
You're a Pakiha.
Yeah, so I know what that means.
No.
Not a Mauree.
It's real simple.
They got Mauree, not Mauree.
My uncle was lived in New Zealand and, uh, in New Guinea and down to there for years and years and years.
That sounds great.
He brought all these albums back with him.
Oh, yeah.
No, they have, let's see, it's more than just Haka.
The Haka is a particular kind of thing that they do, but they have all kinds of songs and all kinds of dances.
And the women were doing the thing with the, uh, the poi, which are the, I don't even know what's in those bags.
Sand, flower, cornstarch, ground up bones of their enemies.
I have no idea.
But, uh, you know, the thing where they swing them around, it's just really cool.
Yeah.
Cool things there.
Uh, and nice people.
Just nice people.
We did not go out of room.
We went out drinking, but just not with them.
Yeah.
We went out drinking with the other.
What do they make to drink themselves?
You know?
They drink beer.
Did you ever see once we're warriors?
You had to have seen once we're warriors.
They drink beer.
Beer is good for you.
No, I didn't.
And good for them too.
They're, they're a hard drink and bunch.
And, um, my movie, I saw was that Hilary Duff movie.
I'm perfect.
Which was what?
Oh, drama queen.
Yeah.
Oh, in serious.
I thought it was a last one.
I thought you were just making it up.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60 and Dayton Broward.
It's the spik and such show.
Call on that line and insert your own area code in front of 5, 6, 7, 05, 60 to talk to suds.
8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5 is toll free everywhere else.
And pound 5, 60 is free if you have AT&T or Verizon Wireless.
So here's what Lucy Lopez did, which is great.
As I'm walking out of here yesterday, I see film people showing up.
Are camera crew people with the microphone in the cameras and the equipment?
Not unusual happens all the time when you work at a radio station.
Some news crew or another showing up to shoot somebody for some reason or something.
And I don't know what the particular occasion was, but they're interviewing people and they're asking for some reason about internet radio,
streaming the radio and this and that and asking people things.
And they get to Lucy, who we love.
It's a deep, deep love for Lucy Lopez.
Because she has a sense of humor and let's see what it's all about.
And she's not working for free.
She's working for attention and for exposure and to advance her career and to branch out, which is a survival game.
And you should respect that Liz because she's a professional person just like you are.
She just happens to be very, very young.
And tall and talented.
She's much taller than she sounds.
Much taller than the munchkin that she comes off like.
So they ask Lucy Lopez, you know, what's, can you explain the importance of internet streaming of your radio station and Lucy responds?
And I'm only going to do justice as I can.
And she goes, let me ask you a question with an email.
Dear Lucy, and then she goes into this email, I want to tell you how much I appreciate your radio.
So because here in prison, we can't listen to the radio.
And she goes into this sarcastic thing, which I'm sure she made up.
And everybody was falling all the pieces and everybody that wanted to take it serious is sitting there all frowny.
And, you know, with her arms folded across her chest like my wife was last night watching me run around being all squirrely with the moweries.
And seriously, I was like a little kid and I guess it embarrasses her when George acts like George.
You seem to get all excited about something.
I remember the day they brought all the bean bag chairs in.
Yeah.
And I was all excited.
And so we're a whole bunch of others.
All of us, all were grown adult.
All we're grown children.
And we piled them all up on one end of the hall and it took turns taking flying swan dyes into the pile of them and sliding.
Sliding the pile across what was left of the hall until we until it hit the carpeted area.
And we were right to them.
Oh, I know.
See, we piled them all up really close together.
And then there was like this length of hallway left over and then the carpeted area behind that.
And so we would take the, we would run full tilt down the hall, take a flying leap.
Leap like, I don't know, 20 feet through the air, arc 20 feet through the air, land on the pile of bean bags.
And then the, the, the armamenta would slide the pile of bean bags over into the carpeted area.
And as soon as they hit the carpet, they would fall all apart and we would go sprawling bean bags and bodies would go sprawling all over the place.
And, and we were all doing silly crap like that.
And I was just be silly.
So I was giddy.
I was excited last night.
I was all buzzing around.
I was passing my Maori yearbook from one Maori to another talking to him.
I was, you know, rubbing noses.
I was grabbing Maureen's and, uh, and rubbing my nose up against theirs.
Hakaing.
And the wife is sitting there in a chair by the bar.
Arms folded across her chest.
Lips first.
Eyes narrowed.
Oh.
Nostrils flared.
There he goes.
There he goes.
Looking stupid again.
There he goes.
Making a fool out of himself again.
QA hello.
Hi, George.
Hi, Collar.
Hey.
Hi, George.
Hey, George.
Hey, just good to hear you on the radio again.
Thank you.
Um, I want to say something.
I want to call it.
I heard your bean bag story.
Black cow now.
Come on, they call wild people.
Charlie Cran.
Oh, well, it was a crank.
Wow.
Um, I wish we could have understood what he said.
Oh, really?
If you got a crank, I see all at least.
I try.
I could give, as a matter of fact, I did when I taught at the Connecticut school for a while.
I would take some time.
Here's how you crank call.
If you don't, if nobody understands what you're saying, it doesn't count.
It's like, it's like a tree falling in the woods.
They have to understand your line.
342 votes on the poll that I'm mentioning for the second time today.
There's not enough money in the world to pay me to be a euthanizer at an animal shelter.
I voted for that 74 and it's winning a coal miner, 53.
I'm, you know, coal mining might be fun.
51 for it.
Sky scraper window washer.
That would be cool.
That would be fun.
I would so love that for a day.
I would have liked it maybe a few years ago.
Like I said, I think I'm, I think my brain is over.
It hides.
Yeah.
How about an inner city school teacher 39?
No.
Boms squad diffuser.
They diffused the box.
Oh, what?
31.
Restroom custodian at a sports stadium.
20.
17 each for lab tech who analyzes stool samples and crime scene blood and glut and guts cleaner
upper each have 17.
Prison guard 13.
Mind sweeper 12.
Coroner 7.
Amputation surgeon 5.
I think they just call that a surgeon.
Why can't do that?
Forensic scientist who studies how bodies decompose 3 out of 344.
QA hello.
What's going on George?
It's fine.
Yo.
You man.
How you doing?
What do you think it's still got?
QA hello.
Hey George.
You know, you were talking about people who just like would give the right on to everybody.
You know, that's the way.
That's the reputation guy.
Yeah.
Okay.
No, that would be like me.
That would be like that.
You know, like you maybe.
It would be nice to everybody.
Sure.
It's not forward.
They call us suckers and fools.
Exactly.
And you know, there's too many of us out there and nothing's enough.
But you know, it's funny.
I don't keep your show.
And I think about like Abin Costello, War and Hardy.
I always think about you and Neil as the team.
By the way, I'm the straight man in that team.
All right.
Just remember that.
You're the straight man.
There's no doubt.
Uh-huh.
Get it.
Listen.
But when reality, you know, that beast will you, whatever the company,
that represents the radio station, uh, without you, without being in the radio station,
maybe it doesn't mean the...
So you're funny.
You're funny.
You're funny.
You're complimenting me and you're the funny person.
Let me tell you.
Let me tell you.
You're a contract chosen.
Paying big dollars.
You deserve it, buddy.
It's fired.
It's fired.
It's fired.
This is what they value.
If you're talking sports, you're good.
Even if nobody can understand a word coming out of your mouth, even if you're an idiot,
even if you have a speech defect.
And if you're not talking sports, even if you've got big numbers and a big audience,
then you suck.
And that's how it works here on this station and, uh, in this company.
116th on all sucks radio, 560 WQIM.
We being at the bus stop for the school bus in the sparebie lane.
Yeah.
We're happy to have the days when we work catch rays on fun and games.
Now pretty soon, gonna be in home room in the garden, I can aim.
Yeah.
It tell me how the person must live by like a bullet train.
Yeah.
Have a summer job that I've been living in here, but it's better than school.
Yeah.
You have to be aggressive before I ask you to buy the book.
On the first day, get around and say that so uncool.
Yeah.
Things are normal, I'm retained.
I'm sick.
Colossary.
Can't believe that we are back.
In school, someone's waiting the bad joke.
On me, get believe that summer's done.
By me, get believe that summer's done.
You need me.
Get believe that we are back.
In school, someone's waiting the bad joke.
On me, get believe that summer's done.
By me, get believe that summer's done.
You need me.
Get believe that we are back.
He says we need an agent.
I think you need a tape.
We need an agent.
We need an agent.
I'll put up an agent.
I told book Brian, we need a tape and he says we need an agent.
And then I say, oh, that's right, I'm here.
Yeah.
But we need a tape to it.
Oh, okay, I got it.
Yeah, but we need a tape, Brian.
I was in, was that it?
I need, because he'll believe me.
I don't know why you're worried about this job.
I don't worry about anything.
I know.
I already got this job.
Not this job.
Well, you have this job.
Oh, that job.
Oh, you talking about the XM job in DC.
You know, I was just talking to Joe Castello the other day.
Did you see him on the slideshow there?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
You know, he does this show.
I was sitting in Joe, or, or, or, Brian.
No, I haven't told Brian.
No.
So Joe Castello does the show out of his house.
Does he?
Yeah.
I was just, I witnessed it.
Yeah.
You know, in all likelihood, you guys won't even have to move.
Yeah.
No.
See, come on now.
You heard not to be here.
Yes, I do.
I have to move.
Oh.
SUDs!
Oh, I see you.
I have to!
Honey, I can't stay in South Florida, I have to move.
You know what?
It's unfortunate that you don't want to move, Sorta, but I have to move. I guess I'll be sending you some checks.
Every place ends up sucking after above four or five minutes. That's not true. So can move, uh, smoke can.
Suck here than this. Uh, I said to the robot. I told people I was going to touch you with a spurt can. Yes.
Listen, there's other stuff besides temperature. There are more important issues.
I hate being in that house. Well, the windows all closed. Hey, wait a minute. Just summer. Yeah. Exactly. I was just going to say.
But the windows all closed and like you don't want to go out and shovel out the car and scrape the eyes off the windshield.
Listen, walk through the mud. There's a principle. You heard the people for mud. I do it slush and mud. Yeah.
Well, we have our share of mud down here. Remember this mud encrusted cars for at least a month. Oh, yeah. Of course.
Listen, here's the thing about winter. If you have the means and it no problem, if you have the ability to buy snow tires, the engine block heater, a garage, a snow blower.
I had none of that. I still created a blower, but didn't you know I had a make a. That's good. Yeah. Did they.
Did the you find in Montana or at least that time? It used to be. I understand that they made their way there too. Yeah.
Because don't get me started on that. What Mexicans? Why not? Why should I be the only one? Oh, yeah. Oh, well anyway. What were we talking about? I forgot.
Mexicans. Oh, are you trying to segue away? Yeah. Don't you trying to do? We were talking about Amokura. If you missed last night's show in Hollywood, they're going to be performing again tonight at the Seminole Tribe of Florida, the main auditorium at seven o'clock. RC North and Sony Marano of Ulaani, Ulaali.
So we got some Native American stuff. Yeah, who recorded with. I know that. Robbie Roberts. Robbie Roberts. Oh, who am I? Why? Why? The only time that she hooded or sounded like, you know, not mad at me the whole night. Did she hoot? She did. She went.
Robbie Roberts. You know, she went for a while. You know that movie, the last Waltz. Yeah. All right. You know how many times I've seen that movie? A hundred. How many times do I what I have had to have seen that movie once?
What? Oh. With all due respect to all of the people performing there in that movie. But you know, if you've never seen it, it's just that it's a concert movie. It's the band's last performance and all these people show up as guest stars like like Muddy Waters.
Who was interesting? And Bob Dylan, who was wearing a hat. You know, just and Johnny Mitchell, who was blonde and just cat or walling and singing awful, awful songs. And every time it's on, my wife puts it on every single freaking time it's on. It's like, why do you need to put the what else is that? What else is that? You find something else is going to put it on. Otherwise, I'm going to leave it on this.
And I say, I was going to say that might be a good poll. What's a movie you really, really like that you're embarrassed about? That would be a good idea. But if you really, really liked it, you know, I guess you wouldn't be embarrassed would you? Right. Well, we were talking about Valley girl the other day, but I like it because it's got boobs and good music.
Like Nicholas Cage movies. Somebody brought that up. We were talking Nicholas Cage. QA hello. Hello.
Hey, Holmes, why are you talking about Mexicans? Why not? You would cocks the sugar. Oh, okay. Oh my God. Who is that guy? Who's from Oaka? That was for you. He was saving to you. He doesn't know me. I don't care.
127 on all CS radio 560 WQ I am.
Hello, Jockstras.
Hello, Jockstras.
And where's what's to hear? Sports all day. Hello, Jockstras. Hello, Jockstras. Somebody drink here. It's a lively game.
Anyone who wants to hear it just for so sick of day. His dream inside a locker room. Call the showers, please. Hello, Jockstras.
They have a foot dog that's what a game they played. And somebody's kid with the hurried cane.
He's talking about it all the time and she would beg it. I'm afraid you like hello, Jockstras.
Shooting and burning out for me shows. No interest in learning about radio.
Just the sausage party for a musical host who like hello, Jockstras. Hello, Jockstras. Hello, Jockstras.
 Should I sound like it's so good to hear it, Jockstras.
this really oh it's good to the last drip you know I'd like to be up at
Brian's house like when when you know suddenly it comes to a yellow chalk
dress yeah yeah see the look I was basically oh listen what you'll have to do
is come too much with us on me because that's when a lot of these vits are
born just out of the conversation or we're talking about something that
happened on the show or I mean it's sometimes more deliberate than not like I'll
have an idea or he'll have an idea and we'll discuss it with each other but
sometimes it'll just happen Chris witnessed it just in the course of
conversation Bokobrinal start grabbing napkins and start writing things
yeah oh yeah you have a great idea for a bit I got nuts so if you want to be
in on square I know come to lunch you know he loves you I used to come come
home with all kinds of napkins in my pocket oh yeah
driveled on half a I would and show ideas too for a long time now I didn't
today and I don't think I did the last time I would bring stuff in here that I
had written down half of it I could never read sure you know well have
somebody else write it for you you know Bokobrinal loves you right he wants to
lay here next so please come to lunch with us and watch watch bits like that be
born as a matter of fact I can't wait to hear the ones that he said that he got
an idea from from the last time that we had lunch you know you don't know what I
said all process on YouTube just once oh man wouldn't that be great let me tell
you because no during the production phase nobody's gonna want to see that you
don't want to know what he's wearing when he's actually recording these bits you
know Neil does the show in his underwear yeah guess what oh Q.I.M. hello
hey speaking for yo yo yo 10 10 checking in 10 10 wins hey you get to hold
here a whole different show on the internet huh apparently yes yeah like the
CS guys it sure yeah I told these people over here these broadcasting professionals
that we're gonna get in trouble not you know broadcasting pre-delay over the
internet that somebody's going to say something slanderers and libeless it's
gonna sue the place when I'm owning the radio station but you know when
every time I say something they go who are you why are you talking you're just
dingleberry on Neil's ass you don't know anything about anything shut up go away
you're only working here because Neil works here and he wants you here why
you talking to us yeah that's crazy yeah you're talking about that you want to
get out of town I could always go up for white and
do a radio show oh yeah for what there is nothing on up there I know I have
family in was there go there often then well here took me for what I said
sit right or white white white but up there they say for what you got to learn
to speak like local when you go up there 30 miles north of games they'll know
yo yeah I got all my family lives up in high springs so yeah yeah yeah yeah
high springs high springs high sure float the edge of the knee used to be able to
take beer down there now you don't know you can't they don't like to take a cooler
earn float the cooler remember how you just float the cooler right there next to you
you got to be here you can't take beer with you anymore what the hell what's the
point of that if I can't float with my beer I might have just stay home for real
what's the what's the little island off of you know when you go west of
Gainesville Catalina no oh what what is it I don't know there's no island yeah yeah
well somebody'll know anyway no no he's no Georgia
no head island no I was this is a Florida I don't know and during the Civil
War it used to be the pencil capital of the world well you totally derailed
this guy's calling sure yeah I'm sorry that one anyway thank you so no no okay
Fort Watts see I'm not crazy but although St. Augustine I love St. Augustine I
would so live in St. Listen everything a boy could want there a castle of
lighthouse a weapons museum slash shop where you can get light sabers and
muskets and things and here's the coolest thing about it maybe even cooler than
doing the Haka you can actually join the cannon brigade and learn how to
shoot one of those cannons and then dress up like in colonial gear
during the the holidays or so my second yeah and with the tricorder hat and
fire cannon balls off into the bay well I'd be all right I've refired balls off
well not into the bay QAM hello hello
Georgia where's the name of the are you QAM hello hey
I love learning new cultures QAM hello me
yeah I don't know if you've seen the promo for the new movie coming out about
the Mormons when they massacre these people in the late 18th
September morning nobody would like to I can't wait Mormons then I mean the
modern Mormons yeah you know they're nice I haven't met a Mormon I didn't
like but those old school Mormons there were loony the reviews are kind of a
weak but okay because I think that's the only time Shane Buchanan showed any
backbone because he did send troops and afterwards good for them they were
nuts they were nuts man they were a bunch of renegade nuts no question even
James Buchanan said it was a kind of a weak movie yeah can't wait take it easy
yeah boy Joseph Smith and the Mormons consider him a martyr you know we have a
lot of things to disagree about but one thing that I can't I mean and you know
from the Northwest because you must have met a lot of Mormons too ever meet one
you didn't like come to my house here sure yeah but aren't there one
talking to me through the hole in the door when I have the door knob out yeah fixing it
and I made him talk to me through the door there the nicest people yeah just
they're just nice really really nice it's hard to mess with on me I like it right
here oh okay well you're in the right place I walk out of the house in the
morning I want a guy to spit on me within 13 seconds you're the right
place man you open the door get hit in the face with heat and heat QA m hello hello
George yes 396 oh man you're just divisible by three all the way we were all
in the bag when Ted the head was always calling man oh yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah hey mr mr. Coleman do you remember the day of two food the puppy dog oh yes
that was a great time my brother that was a time and don't forget Lucy remember Lucy is a dog
hey maybe that's who they were talking about is Lucy Lopez even back then you don't know
there was a spray paint on an overpass on i75 and all I said was Lucy is a dog
and for some reason i just oh i remember that so funny hey guys keep up keep it up man you guys
it's great job and we'll never forget okay we will keep it up it's 20 till 2 560 QAM
on present white layer of Fort Waterdale gym novel thank you
as part of my crusade to eliminate the gang community to make my world safe of it Jesus
i'm pleased to be here today for the unveiling of our new robotic toilet i give you the robo tronic
k y 69 toilet stall
oooh
there's my privilege to be the first ones of crisp i think j's new demands
Oh!
Oh, this is nice.
Not a homo inside.
Uh, welcome to the K-Y-C-D-N-I-K-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-L-
Oh, that's that. Remind of me. It's a 40-th anniversary of the Big Mac. Is it really? Yeah. Oh, well, let's celebrate. Yeah. Let's go to the robletoy. I really enjoy those big Macs. You notice my buddy Jesus over there from Dogman. I like that. That's going with me. You know, because that's a great... That's a great... Sure. The great addition to any studio anywhere there. Buddy Jesus. That's how we should pick your Jesus. By the way, speaking of... Like, because we were talking about old days at IOD, you were there when Mottie Van, Rodriguez, Lv.
And you know, who's a sweetheart, a sweet person. Her accent is almost completely gone. Oh, yes. And I got to talk to people that remember her from those days because I thought it was really cute. Her accent, if you remember, and you know, Neil would make fun of her and she... I do. Meos os caros. That's not enough. A fellow Rodriguez. You know we are part of a not-so-segrate organization, right? The Rodriguez is... Oh, I do. I do. I do. Sure. Sure. Yeah, we're replacing everyone. We're going to replace everyone by...
...breeding out, breeding and replacing in disciplines. It's called replace and displace. Displace and replace. That's what it is. I'm sorry. I got it wrong. Displace and replace. I'm in charge with knocking up Irish sluts. You are? Yeah, me. That's my job. I'm making... I'm making mixed picks called McRiggas' out of Irish sluts. But, Buddy, I was watching. She's on the channel 33 news. I guess Channel 4 lens. It's news tab. The channel 33 thing got this relationship there. So I watched the... The Mimbo Bimbo News in the morning. It's light-hearted.
Fluffy stuff in the morning. I don't want anything too heavy. I want a traffic report. And Maddie Bell has been sitting in almost indistinguishable. If you weren't looking for an accent, it's there. Remember it was thick as molasses. But still, I mean it was adorable. It was cute. I just wanted to throw that out of their Maddie Bell. You know, congratulations on the new baby. You still look great. Oh, she has a... Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, she was pregnant for a while there, which is actually... It looked good on her. She wore that well. She filled out nicely. She filled the maternity outfit out nicely.
Congratulations. You look good still. And you sound great. Sound better than everybody. Sounds exceptionally well. And the first time I saw her on Channel 4, I was looking at her and I'm going, is this the saddest... She was a kid. You remember they fired her, but nobody would tell her? Yeah. I remember that. Thanks for reminding me that. It's like it's so embarrassing. But that happens to everybody. See, people find out in radio, you find out that you're fired by listening to the rejoin, promoting a show during your time.
That's how Joey Reynolds found out twice. And to that, I went, I loved it. It was just terrible. One time I got to tell him, because he didn't notice. Seriously, that was one of my favorite stories. I'm her, George. The commercials bringing the rejoins in and I set them aside and he's like, aren't you going to put those away? And I go later. Yeah, because the slots were already taken up with the new show, because that was the one that got to switch the carts out on that shift. And those slots were already taken up with the new show work parts and that part of the cart rack.
And so Bill takes it all, I'll put them away and I'm like, oh, no, go ahead. What do these do in here? And our slots, like, that's for the show. Well, you know, sent it in your slot. We're waxing nostalgic here. Nobody gives a crap. You were talking, maybe this week, about the guy who used to work at Hot 105 will raise the antenna up into the...
Spencer T. Johnson. Bought weed from him. You know, he was a nice guy. He was. He was just a great guy. And the weird thing was, I had just been thinking about him or not him, but that situation in him about the day before.
He was a smoker. We were just guessing earlier about smoking during work and let me tell you kids, listen, there's a time and a place for everything. And if you've been a job where you should be sharp, like raising electronic equipment over to the air,
you should really not be smoking during that job. Well, I'm just going to say, you know, if he'd have smoked a couple of joints before he did that, that probably wouldn't have happened.
You figured he would just want to stay to sleep enough for work. QAM, hello. Hey, hey, great to hear you on the radio. Well, it's great to be on the... Well, I'm here at QAM. Yeah, it's great to have him on the radio.
It's beautiful. Plus and up. You don't know if you've been over it, but what happened to Ted?
We don't know. I've heard Ted calling definitely once and maybe twice since I've been subbing. Ted has always been very mysterious.
He knows that he has an open door here, always, an open blanket welcome here. But Ted is a force of nature. He's a mystery man. He will show or not according to his own whim.
Probably best, just as a memory is probably a statement. No, I think you're right. Yeah, I want Ted. Okay, I think I'll take it easy. Hey, what? I don't deserve Ted. QAM, hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. George. Collar. Can you hear me? I can hear you. Hey, I have some bad news. I don't know if anybody's heard. I heard the Del Castro died and they're going to announce it at 5 o'clock.
Yeah, we know. Okay. Yeah. We all know the thing about this show is if you're going to call and tell George or anybody here anything, we already know. That's right. We have crystal balls. QAM, hello.
Listen to me. QAM, hello. QAM, hello. Yeah, hold through the lighting. No, no, you can't. We don't do that. Those days are gone, although speaking of nostalgia. That was fun. Those are fun.
Interesting. Of course, we had a different calling pool in those days. QAM, hello. Hey, George. Just one on. Yo, I don't know. You know, I know what I, this guy just talked about Ted. Now remember, he was pretty funny guy and stuff like that. But my question is, how did Boca Brian join up like with you guys and becoming false? I never heard the story.
Boca Brian, like many listeners do who have the ability to do so would make comedy bits to the best of their ability and send them in in the hopes of hearing their art played on the air. They wouldn't charge for it. We still have people that do that that just want, you know, they want to contribute to the show out of the kindness of their heart. I know that that's all those words sound weird here in South Florida. People want to do something for other people just for the joy of it. And he was one of those people and it worked out well. He kept contributing things that were that were good and were played on the show.
And somebody by the name of George Rodriguez campaigned heavily and arduously with management to get them on the payroll to pay them for their bits to keep the bits coming in regularly because the became such an important part of the show.
And after a great deal of wailing and gnashing of teeth and beating the head up against management's wall, they acquiesced and thus Boca Brian started getting paid and started a couple other people who were not up to his level because no one is, but we're also contributing good stuff too.
Those that come up with something artistic and creative, where would they send this material? Me to meet to Jorge Rodriguez, care of don't 560 WQ AM 20295 North West, second avenue, Nanner, Nanner.
Go handle it in the back of the tube.
And of course that'll blow any copy. It works like this. It's a very complicated process. I will listen to it. If it makes me laugh, it goes on the air, if it doesn't, it goes in the garbage.
I know that sounds very, very complex, but that's how it works. A lot of people don't know this, but Boca Brian before he got into this was in the lawn service business.
Yes he was. It was all those years of breathing in those gas fumes and everything right and clipping.
Right. Coming up to where he is today. So I suggest kids get yourself a can of gas and just hover over right at all.
It's a work hard for years. You'll be drowning in debt to 80 till 2 on 560 WQ AM pound it silly and then whatever comes out eat it.
I asked you the bathroom and he said it didn't care. He was reading the Sun Sentinel. He is underwear. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be.
And there was a piece of crucifix of faith for all to see. I didn't see Excel. I had come to mold alone.
But I found Jesus in Rig Vali's chart. Yes, for the rig he changed my life up all that people laid.
I was watching my hands. I'd watch my sins away. Now I'll learn to be intolerant. I'll watch that Robert Sun. And I'll vote for that. You can't even hit me just to run.
I'll pretend to be a hipster. But my liberal days are gone. Cause I found Jesus in Rig Vali's chart.
Bye bye bye!
