Oh, you know it, T-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
And now it's the latest installment of Who's Done More?
It's Mo'HawiDate on W.
Mmm!
All right, I'm back!
Back, I tell you!
And Mo'HawiDate here with my famous cover in Terry.
Who did more?
So let me ask you something.
Who's done more for this country?
Jerry Ford did it!
Or Ford did a Frick!
See?
My heaven lost my touch.
Who had a better idea?
Jerry Ford did it!
What a guy there who invented the Swing Away Steering Wheel.
Eh?
Come on!
Get on the horn and start dialing, see?
FabBank's nine in it!
What do you think more?
How easy is that?
And while you get the lines of smoke in,
let me tell you a little bit about my good friends
of their coolly whites.
Don't dig in the cheeks.
But think what I say!
Use no coolly whites, then stay fresh all day.
That's right friends, if you've got a problem
leaving the debris behind it and touching it by a day.
Coolly whites will clean even the hottest for each area.
No more chafing, no more itching,
no more ducking into a corner for a good dig.
Coolly whites will put a spring in your step all day.
No matter how many times I have to go.
Why suffer the hot break in dingleberries?
Stay fresh day and night with Coolly whites.
Eh, alright!
I'll try this one on you.
Put a war in commission.
Carry forward with the Northy Co-Gallon.
That as I still some room, if you move quickly.
Who'd get more for Betty forward?
Captain Morgan, what Jack Daniels?
Ah!
Come on, I'm waiting over here.
I ain't got all day.
What's wrong with your people?
I think they're ringing or they're doing it.
Oh, that goes on home.
All alone.
Oh man!
See if he gets sad, be pressed, whatever.
Just think about him and then you'll think,
hey, your life isn't really so bad.
But nevertheless, 10.0.2.5.60.
Everybody, cue, I'm happy Monday.
It's May 21st.
Well, this month just didn't even exist in it.
Well, I mean, you look like a flu right on by.
It did that.
Tempest Fugent.
Yes, it does.
I'm pretty upset if you G-I-T.
Fugent.
And fugent.
Carefully, I remember.
Is that my Pugent Sound?
Just like it.
I wonder what Pugent Sound's like.
I think I know what it sounds like.
A jug.
Oh, speaking of that, that's a great segue to this.
So little tidbit we have here.
And then I'm going to rip the beastly's Georgia beastly by the way
who's a very nice young lady.
She came in there.
Now, what is her title?
What does she, she has a salesperson?
Oh, I didn't know that.
Yes.
I guess that's why she went out and sold that account.
I know.
She had clearance coming and asked me if I would do it.
And of course I would do it.
You know, I'll do anything.
I mean, at this point, I'm going to worry about credibility working for these people.
Oh, my God.
You know, you've heard me say this before.
Many times.
But in my lifetime, I've been doing this for about 600 years.
I have never worked in an environment.
And of course I'm not there.
I'm a long ways away.
Thank God.
But where you had the feeling that you've got a whole bunch of...
And I'm not saying that there are some good people there working hard in the Audi Audi.
I don't know who they are.
But going through the motions, remember I was saying last week about how they're not competing.
They're not even trying to compete.
They're just vegetating.
Remember Vigie from Boka?
Sure.
Well, he's open from Miramar, though.
There's a crazy person.
Yeah, this guy comes onto my space thing last night or yesterday afternoon, whenever the hell was.
Oh, and how did you do with your gambling problem this weekend, Neil?
I broke even.
I lost on Saturday.
I went back yesterday.
I broke even almost to the penny.
And I ran right out.
So that's not so bad, huh?
That's a good time.
And I come home and here's a email from Glenn from Miramar, who I hadn't heard from a long time.
Thank God.
One of our former chronic school and all the way back to the Audi days.
A gun nut.
That was this whole big thing.
He loves his guns.
And so he sent me a nice note about how Howard's during his boring, but how I still get him through the day and blah, blah, blah.
And his picture, his profile picture, was like naked.
Only obviously cut off just above the, above that.
Yeah.
And I thought, God, for a 43-year-old guy, that's kind of a strange picture.
And I wrote him back, some kind of a note about, well, I see you're still wielding a mean piece.
Of course, meaning gun.
Oh, whatever.
And this morning I go on there and I see profiledly that no longer resisted.
I know that famous stuff square with the red extra.
Mm-hmm.
So either he deleted it himself or he just went a little bit too far with them pictures and they just chopped him off.
So to speak, they chopped that off.
And of course, he doesn't need that because he's got his pistol over to keep him warm.
You're a crazy person, Glenn from Miramar.
But I'm a little, little, little.
Anyway, Judge on Friday dismissed charges of attempted sexual assault against three men accused of trying to dig up a woman's body to have sex with the corpse.
Noting that Wisconsin has no law against necrophilia.
Huh?
As in, can I feel you?
I guess probably, you know.
The men still face less of charges, however.
Twins, Nicholas and Alexander Grunkey, 20 and Dustin Radke, 20.
Oh, I see you, three of them.
We're arrested after an alleged attempt to dig up the body of a 20-year-old woman who was killed on August 27th at a motorcycle crash.
Would that be a gang bang if it's with a dead person?
Why not?
Officials said a call reported suspicious activity in the cemetery September 2, and deputies found somebody dug down to her vault.
Now, 303 were not acquainted with the woman, but it's seen and it was seen.
They had seen an obituary where their photo, obviously, you know, somebody asked them,
Do you like it?
And I said, yeah, sure.
I never heard it called that before.
What?
Vault?
I guess, Circuit Judge George Curry said there was no law that addressed necrophilia.
There was enough evidence to continue the case because the criminal damage to property and the alleged attempt to break into a burial vault.
And I guess maybe they're going to do a pool vault.
I guess?
On the body.
Well, they saw the obituary with their photo and they liked it.
They said, hey, she's pretty hot, baby.
Even though, well, she's not so hot anymore, but maybe look warm a little bit.
Right, room temperature, I imagine.
Or maybe vault temperature.
Yeah.
Now, there's an idea.
Maybe they could have listened.
Maybe they could have like a necrophilia cemetery.
And they could have like, you know, heaters in there, like for heaters to keep the body temperature.
Yeah, to keep it like 98.6.
You know, they have that warming gel now that I see advertised.
Do they really?
Yes, they will.
What are your shmurred on?
I'm afraid to ask.
Yeah.
Don't.
Oh, good.
I won't ask.
Well, whatever you want to warm up.
If that's not warming up in the first place, then I guess they won't be stuffing.
But in any way, so they liked their body and they, you know, they were desperate, I guess.
I don't know.
They were told, I imagine.
There's a totally ugly, ugly or something.
I'll try to think of it.
Maybe they were just shy, you know.
You don't have to have a lot of social skills to bang a corpse, a stiff.
That's true.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll result from Friday.
Well, Friday seems like a lifetime ago, you know what, oh, man.
And the good news is it's Victoria Day.
Happy Victoria Day, eh?
How's it going, eh?
It's a holiday.
And man, the sun is shining.
It is beautiful.
It's going to be like 65 today.
But it's, you know, spring is great when it's really spring, you know what I mean?
No, you don't know what I mean.
I do know.
There is no spring in Florida.
It's like summer time.
Yeah, it gets hot again.
Right.
1635 votes on the poll on Friday.
What's the worst thing you ever got sucked into?
And you people are so negative like George, all of them may be honest.
But they're getting married, one hands down your pants easy.
455, 27.28% getting married.
Worst thing they ever got sucked into.
Religion 278.
My job 207.
Supporting the War in Iraq 207.
The stock market before it crashed 180.
Going to college or grand school is 76.
The Atkins diet is 67.
How did you know when you died over the weekend?
Yesterday I did perfect and Friday I did great.
Saturday, eh, don't ask, I won't tell.
All right.
Well, I was, Saturday was bad.
Wow.
And you know what I got Saturday night?
Ice cream.
No.
I'm trying to think I didn't have any ice cream over the weekend.
See, I had an ice cream free weekend.
Very good.
Worst.
Remember what I was talking about on Friday?
Macaroni and cheese.
I went and got a frozen, craft macaroni and cheese dinner.
You're going to die up there.
The Atkins diet is 67.
My space is 64.
Especially when you get people like Glenn from Miramar,
you stick their gun in their mouth or off to anyway.
Well, at least it was a short hello and goodbye.
I guess that's what I can look at.
You know, I send me a nice note.
He's still listening.
Glenn, you're a crazy person just like you always were.
I hope you and your gun have a wonderful life together.
Joining the military 57, at least these people are still alive
and still have enough body parts left to be capable of tapping out a vote on the poll.
And parenthood 44.
I guess they're 44 people out there who got rotten kids or maybe kids who hate them like poison
because maybe they're really rotten parents.
That could be it.
I know what that's all about.
1635 votes on Friday's poll.
That's pretty good.
Considering it's the middle name.
What I was going to say is today's Victoria Day,
and we got to work, hey?
In fact, I'm looking out on the streets here and it's like a ghost town.
There is nobody around.
One thing about, I don't know about it,
Ford is because the geography is a little bit different.
But here they have what they call cottage country,
which is north of the city.
And all these people got cottages on the lakes up,
I don't know how many miles north, but.
And so on the weekends, they bail out when it's a 3-day weekend,
like this one is here for a Victoria Day.
And the city is like empty.
Do you know what I mean?
I mean, really empty zone.
I love course in Ford.
It's like after Eastern Passively,
it goes on until Christmas.
But that's not because it's a long holiday.
That's because it's a horse and buggy seasonal town.
And when it starts to earn 100 degrees in the shade,
and humidity isn't up to melt your bowling balls,
and that's when everybody bailes out if they can.
Oh, let me out of here, please, please.
But you know how to out of touch I am.
And of course, I'm just mailing it in.
You know, with the cost of stamps now,
I better start mailing ahead of time.
I better get what they call us for forever stamp.
Yeah, I better get a bunch of those.
You know that's definitely a default line.
Oh, he's just mailing it in.
I got news for it, default.
You must have run out of stamps a long time ago,
because you never even mailed it,
and there was nothing to mail in.
Once Steve Nichol got a hold in,
not that he was ever a town in the first place,
but once Steve Nichol got a hold in,
and planted all those corn kernels in his,
where we planted them.
Back to, yeah.
Oh my God.
All right, so he'll have to ask you a favor.
What's that?
Push the break back a couple minutes?
Why is that? The audio of all the scooter?
Yeah, they had to reset the audio vault
because it was acting up, so we're going to go back online.
No problem.
I don't know when you're ready.
We'll be here at home.
We're very informal on this show.
Chris is here, by the way, today he's not caught in sick,
which we're very appreciative of that,
because if he caught in sick, then we have to have like,
Miguel come in again, and you know how much he hates this show.
Though it doesn't hate to show the way it is now.
In fact, I kind of hate to show a little bit the way it is now,
too, but you know what?
I'm going to do it's called survival, right?
Since we get such tremendous assistance from Jolly Joe.
In fact, when Georgia Beasley was in there,
I should have given her a couple of good words for Jolly Joe,
what a loser he is.
And how he just, he's just kind of hung everybody out to dry.
At least the one good thing about us,
we shouldn't feel, you know, picked on,
because the whole station has been kind of like left out to dry.
You know how in places where sluppers live,
they put the laundry on the line, you know, or open the vents?
Right.
Like my neighbors behind me, they're put there,
oh, I don't want to go into a thing about that,
because I'm not there and I don't want to cause any disturbance
or whatever, but these are the same people that filed a complaint
with the city when I put my first satellite dish in,
which is like, I don't know, 19 years ago.
Remember that?
I did.
And I had to spend $1,000 to plant these big palm tree plants
back there to shield the dish,
because they didn't like the way that it looked.
That dish is long gone, by the way.
That was the big dish.
And of course, now nobody worries about big dishes anymore,
because it's not what it used to be.
Everything is scrambled and caused the money.
It's too bad, because back in the day, man,
you saw a lot of really interesting crap.
And I don't want to say anybody puts their laundry
over the back fence or stuff like that.
But $592 votes on the days,
pull, we'll never make 1,000, Chris, I'm sorry,
I apologize, it's my fault.
Oh, look at that.
No, we will laugh.
We're not going to get there.
I mean, it's possible, I guess.
Are we going to do it?
Tell me what we're going to do to break.
Are we like anywhere near, getting ready to do the break,
or is it going to be like, I just called Tim and he said
he's going to come over here real quick to tell me when it's up again.
So hopefully, within the next minute or two.
Oh, so it's not even up right now, the audio fault?
Yeah, they had to reset it and it takes about five minutes.
And that could be because it's Monday morning,
because when George came in this morning about 8.25
and I'm sitting here, he says, oh, this place is all torn up again.
It's all screwed up.
Yeah.
Now that couldn't be because on the weekend,
they were in their budget children playing games,
like it maybe.
Like it's tinkier toy town, man.
That's what they do in a studio.
It's supposed to be a business.
It's supposed to be a freaking radio station
to broadcast the company.
We got a bunch of kids running around,
and a pochkin with stuff like, like,
Mandate's kids used to do it at the IOD.
Remember those days?
Very, very vividly.
Used to come in the newsroom and rip up the UPI machine
and just jam up everything.
Jam on it.
And all those kids are, I guess,
are graduating college and stuff, right?
Yeah.
And they probably still, it will be haved in ripping stuff
other than whatever.
Huge, they're giant.
Are they really?
They must behave all they want.
Well, they're football players.
And they're probably getting a lot of action up there too.
I would imagine.
You know those football players, like Brady Quinn,
he's getting a lot of action, but not necessarily with the ladies.
Okay, here's the schedule for today.
We got Mad Dog at two.
We got the Power Hour, Hank and the Mad Dog 4-5.
Well, that race on Saturday really sucked.
That was a crappy race.
Street Sense, you know, Calvin Broward,
wrote him like he thought he was a champion, baby.
He went right on by Curlin, and he just kept looking straight ahead.
He didn't bother looking back until it was too late,
and here comes Curlin again, nipped him on the wire,
with Ravi Elvarado.
Hey, Craig, you're an old coot, man, Calvin.
All that crap about Calvin Broward.
Should've put some false teeth in or something.
Kept him awake.
Anyway, he got beats.
But we gave you the three horses, Dave Johnson,
and if you hooked those up in the triplet,
you got about six bucks back, not much money there.
Curlin's Street Sense and hard spun.
It was a crappy race.
And that's close through, Brad Racing,
generally speaking, is crap anyway.
598 on the pool.
How would you describe your sexual orientation on the scale from 1 to 6,
where one is full on straight and six is full on gay?
I didn't write this, by the way, one of our listeners sent this in,
because that award is said full on.
I would've said, you know, totally, like, totally for sure, yeah.
Yeah.
Totally, yeah, right.
Come on, everybody.
Totally absolute, I beg your pardon?
Whenever you're ready.
All right, new to the break.
Well, let's do that, because once we get to these numbers,
man, that could take till midnight.
You can...
I can't, baby.
Tonight, on Bravo, James Lipton hosts inside the Cartoon Actors studio.
He is frostbite falls, favorite son.
Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Bullwinkle J. Moose.
Eat great to be here on the campus of Witsamadu.
As a child, Bullwinkle, you fancy becoming a magician.
What happened to that dream?
Well, if it turned out, I always had the wrong head.
And now the questionnaire made famous by the great Bernard Pevel.
What is your favorite curse word?
Oh, that easy.
It's swell.
Tell us why.
Well, when you work with a playing squirrel,
you find a lot of it in your at-le.
It didn't do.
And finally, if heaven exists,
what would you like to hear God say when you arrive at the pearly gates?
Hmm.
Well, what I'd like to hear is, and now, here's the thing we hope you'll really like.
Oh, Wiggles, James Moose.
Tonight, on the inside of the Cartoon Actors studio.
It's been my pleasure to be your mooster of ceremonies.
Oh, 1,000,000 at 560.
Anyway, I never finished giving it that schedule because I probably wanted to interrupt it
just to make it more exciting and tell you about how the precness really sucked.
Not a good race.
Power Hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together, 4-5.
That's kind of unusual because usually one of them is over here,
one of them is over there, like, you're rocking Bullwinkle.
Remember that one?
Mm-hmm.
Over here, over there.
Sure.
Thanks, Scott, from 5-7 all by himself.
Two hours, maybe you'll work off a few calories during that two hours.
And then we got 7-9.
Mime Dolphins All Act Access.
What is that?
Chris, that is also known as the Mime Dolphins Hour.
But it's two hours.
Oh, it looks so annoying.
Well, I believe part of the contract is that we have to, like, you know,
have Monday through Friday, that's all, like, an hour of Dolphin stuff.
So, I guess since we can't do an hour of this Dolphin, they're not doubling up.
You believe because of what?
Since we have Marlins games on, so they can't just do an hour,
an hour, three hours, an hour, an hour, an hour, and a day,
since they have the ability to do two hours today, they're doing two hours.
In other words, we got nothing else to put on there.
We could do with your gambling.
If I had the ability to...
Yeah.
Well, then I was spending, if he had any ability, it'd be a miracle.
What a loser he was, huh?
Winey.
Winey.
Well, I was watching television.
He television.
Remember him?
He was just so bad.
Remember that one time we tried to do a little bit of a crossover thing,
and he sat there.
He came a little bit early on my show.
I invited him, I guess, being unsuspecting.
And we just had nothing to talk about.
I mean, you know me.
I can talk...
Well, crap was just about anybody on the face of the planet.
I'm not, you know, a social butterfly to say the very least, but nevertheless.
He didn't have a less and full of crap, and so I'm usually pretty good at talking crap.
And he just...
I don't know.
He drove a meyada.
What's I'm not saying it's a bad car, just the way he said it.
He was just so...
Meyada.
And T-alibes.
Alex Bennett, a real reject.
And now he's on the serious, I think.
So, everybody else in this business is syndicated.
They're on serious, they're on our exam.
They're on 8,000 channels.
But you know something, I'm making more money than most of them.
So, who cares?
Sitting here in my box, you're sure.
It's looking at the beautiful sunshine.
Let's sing in the sunshine.
We'll sing in the sunshine by Gail Garnett.
Don't you dare play it.
How about you got it, though?
I know you.
No, but I got another song for you to look for a couple of songs in a minute.
Really?
After we take a look at today's pool,
wow, he's just mailing it in.
You know, you just know that was me, Faux, don't you?
You just know that's him.
I can smell it.
Yeah, you can smell him from a movie, and by the way,
he's going to be like a great B-del of talk radio.
Everybody hates you, D-Faux, like Poison.
How would you describe your sexual orientation on the scale of 1 to 6,
where 1 is completely straight?
I'm not going to read that full on.
Completely straight and 6 is completely gay.
In other words, like George is a 1 and I'm a 6.
Right.
Can we use that for reference?
I'd buy it a little bit.
It's about a Reverend Jones and his boyfriend.
George is gay, and with that sound.
He was full thinking.
Yeah, he was full thinking.
Yeah, he was full thinking.
Yeah, they watch your body, and they watch your ass.
They watch your ass, and we got each other.
But they can mail it to him.
All right.
Anyway, they won.
Which you'd expect there would be leading completely straight, 421.
66.8%.
That's two turds.
But that leaves some other people.
Out of 630.
Two, 79, which means almost completely straight, but you know,
who knows once in a while what these people might be thinking doing,
looking, sniffing.
Six, completely gay, is 41, 6.5%.
Three, which to me a three would be like bisexual, right in the middle,
when you think?
Right.
Because whoever made the poll didn't put bisexual.
Well, they didn't put anything.
They just put numbers, which is a 328.
I'm a Catholic priest or not an 18.
I don't believe any of those, but that's okay.
Which means, you know, that's interesting.
It's 6.6% percent.
So if you add that with the three, you got 11% exactly,
gay or bisexual.
Which I think that's, I would say about 10% in like big cities,
in small towns, most of the gay people, they get that loud.
Because they're not too free to be with the farm animals.
Right.
And they don't want to be like, less alone.
Five, 17, which means mostly gay, but once in a while,
maybe they'll do the straight person if they can find one,
who's really, really desperate.
It varies by the day, eight.
By the day.
Asexual, six, or as they say here, no sex, eight.
Six.
Four, five people said there were four.
I don't really even know what that means.
That means a little more toward gay than straight.
That's not like opportunists.
I don't know.
Desperados.
It varies by the hour four, and I'm not, I like that.
And I'm not really sure of three.
I like that it varies by the hour.
In other words, if it's alive and available, I'll do it.
If it'll get close enough to me to like a cat, you know,
rub up against my leg, I'll do it.
No thanks.
I'm strictly stuck with my six, and you're stuck with your one.
And a lot of these other people out there are sticking it.
But more for you.
Huh?
More for you.
And more for you.
Right.
And Chris, of course, he's got that, you know,
we're not going to talk about that in the air.
Here's the good news though, aside from Glenn from Miramar,
who's a gun nut, and he's profiled either by deleted or deleted.
I'm sure it must have gotten deleted, he probably put,
he got so carried away by my message, he probably must have put the completely
naked picture on there.
And you know what Tom does when he sees that?
Tom, he leads your profile.
Tom don't like it.
He don't like that hanky spanky on my space.
So anyway, we got 1399.
What next one will be our 1400th friend?
Won't that be three, 1400 friends?
And Miguel, who was there on what Thursday?
He was pretty impressed, I think he actually met it.
There were some people say, oh yeah, that's really great,
and they think that it sucks.
1399, the next one will be number 1400.
And boy, if we had any budget on this station,
if we had anything going, we give away a prize to that 1400th friend.
Wouldn't we?
We would, but we don't, and we won't.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
1099, the last one.
The Rock Band CREED was arrested yesterday.
What are you laughing about?
Because he's an ass and a phony Christian and all this other crap.
Oh, not a Christian.
A phony Christian.
The rest of the Amsterdam domestic assault charge at his 4.9 million dollar home in Long Lake,
a state's west of Boka.
Scott Stath, 33, who's had runnings with the police for allegedly drunken behavior
in reckless driving, was being held at the county jail in Palm Beach.
Nobody was injured in the incident.
Sheriff's spokesman Paul Miller said, but there was evidence of assault in the house.
In the 8800 block of Prinley Drive Miller said,
Stath co-owns the house with his wife, former Miss New York Jacqueline Neshawet.
Why?
Neshawet? I don't have no idea.
Oh, Jacqueline.
Sheriff's officials didn't give more details.
Stath married Kürr.
Scott the name again, but I can't read it.
In 2006, the couple of change vows at this guy in New Zealand Gardens.
Why on their way to the honeymoon in Hawaii,
he was arrested on suspicion of being drunk in public at the LA airport.
Oh, no.
He got into a widely publicized fight in the Baltimore Hotel with members of the Rock Band 3-11 on Thanksgiving 2005.
He was arrested on a reckless driving offense in 2002 by the Orange County Sheriff's office.
After the appearance, Stath promised to get his life together.
According article in the Music Magazine, Rolling Stone, Stath was traveling with a sobriety coach.
A sobriety coach? Well, I'm too last year.
Maybe I need an ice cream coach.
I think you do. A goon to follow your route and smack you.
And Athens coach to keep me on a straight and narrow, at least an arrow part.
In January, Stath and his wife had a baby girl, Milan Hayet Stath.
Milan Hayet, H.A.Y.
I guess named after a hotel.
He also has a son Jagger from a previous relationship.
Why can't people just name their kids like Sally and John and Tom Nelson?
Nelson and Steve and Eddie and the Rock Band 3-11.
I don't want to grant me a word in 2000 for the song with arms wide open.
I like that song by the way a lot.
In fact, I like Creed's music.
I mean, he may be a jackass, but I like the music.
You don't like the music? No.
Well, that's why you're ripping him because you hate the music.
If you write that with arms wide open.
Probably. I love that.
Don't you like that song, Chris?
No, because they want to be a pro-dem.
He went out in this own last year with a solo album, A Great Divide.
It didn't sound like that.
It's been the director of Public Affairs for the Scott Stath Foundation,
which promotes healthy parent child relationships,
and the court of people magazine.
Well, they know something.
Let me know when you've heard enough of this because I already had it.
I like it a lot.
You're a lot.
Earlier this one, Stath announced his sponsorship post of the Haven,
a group for a recent executive voice voice to both.
This is a great song. I don't care what you see.
I don't know. He's a jackass.
He had a drunk and a wife he doing a piece of shit.
Whatever else you sit in here.
A leg.
I'll close my eyes.
Didn't mean that it's a great song.
I've got a particular love for you.
What are you, some kind of me?
It's nice to meet you.
Like this.
I hate creeds.
I hate the existence of creed.
I hate every note from every instrument they ever played.
From the first one to this one right now.
There we go.
Here comes this part.
Oh!
With my life.
I'm going to rap.
I'm going to rap.
I'm going to rap.
I'm going to rap.
I'm going to rap.
I don't have time to hold you down.
Jazz and flute.
The beats are terrible.
I've seen my vocalistads.
I'm trên, I'm rolesoo.
They're all dumped.
I've seen absolutely bored with them.
I don't.
Never plantation afterwards.
We might make a thousand if we do boy there they're gonna be just peeing in their pants across the street
What is that next trend come out the first part of the spring book when everybody drops there?
We had the real bad January and they had their bogus one
I like it up during the break. I'll look it up because you know clearance isn't gonna come running in there saying all the next trend is on
May 30 or whatever you know
Clarence you're just a loser. Okay, that he's he's the part of the problem him and Joyce in fact even Georgia
Beasley hates Joyce like poison Georgia wants you to die Joyce
She said you're evil
One hit wonder Tommy two-tone made the phone number 8 6 7 5 3 0 9 famous in the bands 19 8 2 and single you got that
Which uses the digits over and over again. It's catchy refrain very annoying song by the way 8 6 7 5. Yeah, I wrote
Now are you gonna play a little bit?
There it is now we're not only company in a national firm our battling over the right to use the number
Which doesn't reach the gem in that two-tone?
Since a coupon call is a decent promise
Two years ago gem tunnel and he didn't make a problem
This I'm okay. I'm sorry trade mark the phone you gotta get you the hokey. I gotta get to the phone the thing
Trade mark the phone number in the early 80s hit which reached number 400 billboard hot 100 chart
Gemma querb the number Merud Island wins original owner Brown University gave up 8 6 7 5 3 0 9
If you're going weird the constant prank calls go ahead and play a little bit of it for Christ says Jesus got all mighty to get the park you'd up
Okay, I said
James never works in the 401 area code Rhode Island and the 617 area code in southern Massachusetts
The Florida Blast a based clockwork home services also a plumbing company uses a tool free version of
8 6 7 5 0 9 in New England they argue a company can only train but trademark of vanity number like 1 800 flowers
Gem one round one its legal fight over the number one a federal judge in Boston reached recently blocked clockwork
From using the number in Rhode Island and Massachusetts effective this week, but clock works or a lot of clock works orange lawyer said they would fight on see
That's me clockwork orange one at all time best movies ever. Yep, especially that ceramic thing
Tommy two-tone heat told the Boston will be preferred neither companies the number
It's ridiculous. He said if I wanted to get into it
I could probably take the number away from both of them
But he's probably got better things to do like those two-tone shoes. He wears and up. Betty got him a brandy's
Probably if you were smart
Oh
Big cause of some bitch cow
Just to bring the ratings down she don't want Neil around and that's why she took them away
And she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow
she blow she blow she blow she blow
she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blew she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blow she blowelle she blow wedding
No you grow ain't no buts of anymore
Just that yeast infected heart
Can't be joyous
Took them away
There's a part of America loves yeast infected heart
Can't be joyous
Took them away
Not just a nappy head of yeast infected heart
Let me tell you
And when Georgia Bees that was in there this morning
I asked her what do you think of joy she said
She stinks she blows
Which I thought was really I thought she really had her peg perfectly
And maybe she's listening to the shows she blows
713 goes anyway she seemed very nice Georgia
Very nice young lady she's in our sales department
And she already sold something on this show
Nice call in Georgia
We love you
You're uncle enough too crazy about but you're you're alright
In fact the rest of your family we're not too sure about either
Let's be these officials believe millithins connected to Alcatta
The ones who are like doing all this fighting
And the dead people and folks and folks and they smoke them at the bottom
700 and some odd 715 I think we're gonna make the thousand Chris how do you like that without too much defuble thee
Yep
Because we'll be way over 800 by the time we get to noon
I mean way way we'll be alright
Now that's of course this is easy because if you got like a thousand listeners and eight vote once
Or if you got like 500 listeners and eight vote twice
And by the way we still don't have our 1400th our friend on my space
100th we don't got it
It'll happen today
Well I mean you know most of the people on my space
First of all they're probably not homesick if they're computer
They might be a worksit in their computer
But most of those people are already around there
You know I mean what's our potential on there
Especially when I work for people like these
Who go out there and build the audience one at a time
It's like one a week
So maybe before the end of the week we'll get our 1400th my space friend
Or maybe if Glenn from Miramar wants to put like a real profile on there
And I put himself naked on there with his peace
I think he was singing hang down your head Tom Doolier or something like that
Glenn what is your story man?
He wrote me a nice message and I replied back
Maybe that's all he wanted you know
Because I do confavorably with the people on there
I know some
Once in a while you'll get somebody
Oh you didn't write me back
And then the only reason I wouldn't write you back is if you're just so boring that it's pathetic
And guess who hasn't written me on there in ages now
Gee
I know I was just gonna say
Johnny
Gee
He's still a friend
I hope I think he still loves me
But he just got the message
He couldn't take any more abuse on here
And see that's the way it works sometime
I say
Holy Moses and people just vanish
Like in the thing here
And I'm glad
I'm glad because Johnny G is a good guy
He's a big fan
Long time
He's great
We like him
I don't say we love him
We he's all right
We don't hate him
But
I guess it's a far cry from saying we love him to say we don't hate him isn't it
Right
But there's something good to be said about don't hate him
But anyway he's still on there I guess
And haven't heard from him in a long time because he just
But what I'm trying to say is I do write to most of the people of the
You know not always like a long thing or a book
There are some people I write long books to on there
But there's few and far between
People I really know a little bit and the likes a lot and stuff like that
You know
719 on there man we've got a thousand licked and who would have thunk it as they say
And the people say who to thunk it
We're gonna like Glenn from Miramar loose on your ass
With all his ammunition
Who to thunk it
Oh brother
Who to thunk it
Joyce
So what's the story is joebell still work there what is he show up at all
I saw this morning over there in the bullpen having a meeting
With having a meeting with whom
The other people the other employees the other staff in his corner of the building
Well who are they
Wait no Clarence the other the other sports people the producers and uh what not
I don't know who was in there I was just on my way to the bathroom
Oh
You should go right in there and done it
People the sports people
The real the people of count this that's right. Oh he's having a big meeting with him
Boy you guys really suck. Can we get those numbers up at least to a two come on guys
How would you describe your sexual orientation on a scale of one to six where one is completely straight and six is completely uh
gay
One four hundred eighty three sixty seven point one percent almost exactly two turrets of this very
Heterosexual audience. Well that leaves a third
93 say there are two
44 a six like yours truly six point one fat goat not a cone completely true and true
tried and true and
True blue
Three which to me is by is 32 see and those together you got ten and a half percent
And what did I say I think ten percent generally
Right that's about right. I would say that's about right and I'll care what the alkenzi said
Yeah, what a kinsie know anyway. All he was doing everybody. He tried it all out
Even that and nobody knew anything before him anyway. So you know he's a lot to be wrong. That's correct now
He was he was a pioneer he had good. Yeah, he did oh boy. Everybody said no question everybody said because he was
With every brother. I'm a Catholic priest and I'm 18
Okay, you would think we've got 18 Catholic priests and on or just a bunch of wise guys. Yeah, we better check those IP addresses
Five
Seventeen people say there are five which is almost completely gave a once in a while
They might do what somebody to opposite sex or at least rub up against them in a crowd
It varies by the day 11
Um a sexual in other words no sex a seven even on Victoria day
I'm looking out my window here and man. There's usually you know a sea of activity in pedestrians and cars
It's it's like after a bomb scare
You know, I mean sure there is just nobody out there. It's Victoria day
A sexual seven uh six people say there were four which I still in other words
They're like bisexual a little bit more on the same sex side you got that
Mm-hmm. They lean in that direction
And hopefully they don't fall. I said let's say
Well, you never know sometimes they lean okay go ahead right on me like billb at us lean on me
Speaking of the weather is ain't no sunshine and now
Do we have that because that's the no no fart sounds
parody
Is she blowing she blows
She blows
Everybody knows that Joyce blows. I'm not really sure for just
And it varies by that no you could have kept
Raised by the hour
She blows she blows everybody knows
Get to the hook part here
She blows fast forward
Oh, no, it's all right
The Monday man is the Monday the dog days are puns is almost the moral day man next Monday you're working them not
Good thing I took care of that isn't the other day remember like yeah good. That's what I was thinking
I was really good thing hasn't been involved in that
Hey, you're a slave labor, you know that
I know she blows there you go
That's my favorite part
That's the hook get the hook
She blows
Everybody through water cooler all over all of her south Florida singing Joyce blows
I know she
Though weather is the original man yeah, I mean if he got a song parody nobody knows what the original is now
I bet you we got some creed song parodies in here, but I know which ones they are
And of course you're trying to block it out of your mind. No, no, I would rather listen to the song parodies any day
Than the real song sure I love creed I know
But you just don't like him because of him because of Jackass and I'm more on and I can't
List off all the reasons that's the one come bucket and then the music song and the douchebox gets that and there's not one note
Don't want to hear again and other than that they're great. Oh
Well, look at this look at these polls now
New Mexico John nickel I don't have time for this right now. Do I?
Now I don't want to I don't want the article interruptus
Frank rich by the way rips are a jury follow on ass
You're gonna continue ripping jury follow has been dead almost a week until nobody writes about him ever again
Yes, I'm gonna continue ripping him the ass. He's so the big fat ass. He so richly deserved in life and our in death
phony phony peddler a slime ball peddler peddler of snake oil
Making money off these pathetic old people with their old-time religion
Put your hands together a paper lord leave one hand to call on the phone though to dial that phone back in the day when we used to dial member dial phones
Sure for those were bad
Slow and now we got cell phones then but I beat better boop you know you just sometimes I'll accidentally hit my um
Blackberry, which is why I make sure I have no phone numbers stacked up there in the a member thing
You know what I mean? Mm-hmm like when you click the phone thing if you have a number up there and you accidentally hit it
Oh, he's all the sudden did you call me I had Joe Bell one time. I think I called him
And I said them jeez what the hell would I waste my time calling you for
He's a good point click
732 votes so he's still working there, huh? He was actually in the center now does he actually know where to find a bullpen?
Does he who was there? Yeah
Wow, does he know where to find our studio? He's been in here too
Hmm might have been lost, but
Yeah, get a surge party
No
Ah
I got what is that?
I'm staying in a world that I got
I'm frozen fat
The things take away everything was a lie
To make it so tough for me to be kind
You think that they would have had them right
If I didn't choose on I think I'll go blind
To take people where I hope they leave
That they dress or take you to sleep
A fairytale in a bikini
Confession police of media
Hey Mo
Mo
They're talking about those checkered things
7.49 of checked in
I'm saying we're going to make our 1000 Chris easy
Not even a contest
I was never worried
Neither was I because who cares
John Nichol says Richardson starts to break from the pack
How do you like that?
Bill Richardson
And you see who also is in that way
Heading the pool in New Hampshire
And the Republican side
Mitt Romney
All right
I don't care about that
You sure? Go ahead run him
Yeah, I agree
When he tells everybody that if they like them
They're going to have to wear the magic underwear
I say bye bye
I don't want to make fun of Mormons
Because like you said last week
They're wonderful people and they
They're nice snappy dresses
And they're squeaky clean
And those young Mormon guys
They ride around on the bicycles
But aside from that
New Mexico governor Bill Richardson
Who's combination of humor and unscripted responses
May yet make him the John McCain of the 2008 presidential race
While McCain remarks himself as the
Remakes himself I should say but it doesn't
As the grumpy Bob Dole of this year's contest
Seems to be making a break from the also rampack on the Democratic side
Several new polls from the early caucus and primary states have Richardson moving up
Not quite even with the Prince of the Second Tier
Former North Carolina Senator John Edwards but up
It's up
Consider New Hampshire the first primary state
Where a new Zogby telephone poll likely voters puts Richardson the former Congressman
Cabinet Secretary and U.N. Ambassador
Who would happen to his running on his resume
In a much more solid position in the past
According to Zogby
Swallowy Clinton is leading in New Hampshire with 28%
Barack Obama is right on her ass with 26
28th first Swallowy, Barack Scott 26
He's got a passer like she's laying out flat on the street
Edwards is third with 15%
The number that's frankly disappointing
Considering the amount of time and energy is poured into the state
And the fact that his wife's got breast cancer and he's trying to exploit that
The poll has got Richardson who's gotten good marks for his debate appearances
He's not promoting himself with good humor to ads touting what he and his backers clearly see
And superior experience in domestic and foreign affairs
Breaking into double digits he's got 10%
He's number four
Famous and he's got 10%
The only other contender registered better than 1% is little Ohio Congressman Dennis
Chris Cinnich who is from anti-war stance has gained him 4%
He makes the most sense that's why he's last
Does this mean that Richardson is going all the way that's still a stretch
He's better funded than many of the candidates
And as a potential based in the Southwest as well as among his spani voters are the parts of the country
How do you like that?
Yes, still the best bet is that the governor is positioning for the vice presidential nod
How about Barack Obama and Bill Richardson
That sounds like a weaning ticket to me
Mon
All right
That said he's good deal better position than he was a few weeks ago
And if he overtakes Edwards everybody might have to alter their expectations about democratic race
That could see a woman and African American and he his spaniac is the top three contenders
Rights John Nichols whose new book is the genius of impeachment the founder is cure for royalism
Lebanese army battling Islamic militants of camp and there's smoke and there's all at the smoke and mirrors
And a bunch of people were in funny schmokhas running around killing each other going
Like the Indians used to remember that?
Sure
And then of course the white guy came along and he was a really good and so there ain't too many engines left
Thanks to Mepho and your buddy Marvin
700
Oh man
750 seminar on air have and some of them are out evidently from what they're saying
756
How would you describe your sexual orientation one being completely straight?
6 being completely gay 3 I guess means buy as if I wanted I got a buy it
1506
67% that's two thirds men right on 66.9
That's about as close to two thirds as you could mathematically get without being flat dead on it
100 people say there are two which means mostly straight but every now and then maybe a little
Dalian's here or there
Right right maybe those are the people I'm talking about you say well it can't be completely straight
Well evidently they're not
Evidently they're a little bit open-minded every now and then you call it well whatever
Open behind that minded
48 people say there are six that's completely gay 6.3% like what's his name?
Oh god
32 say there are three so when you add the gay and bisexual together 6 and 3 you got 9
10.5% 10.9%
Isn't that a lot higher than it used to be?
Maybe that's because only the times you're still listening or maybe that's because we're getting more audience
You think we're getting more audience?
No
Why do you say that?
You got to lie a little bit you got to get more
89 share because it's tremendous promotion because the beesleys and joebell are really out there
You know
I'm a catholic or priest you're not in 20
We don't have it yeah I mean catholic priest I guess they could be what else they could be what?
Could be looking at porn in between voting on our pool
17 people say there are five which means mostly gay but once in a while maybe you know
They get booby trapped
11 people say it varies by the day
Well let me know which day is good for you
Send a picture
8 are asexual
Which
I don't know is that code for like desperate?
In other words nobody would touch me with a 10 foot banana like me
6 people say there are four which is like a little on the gay side of buy
A little on the east side of something
I'm not really sure four and it varies by the hour or four
I'll let you know which hour to set the alarm clock and I'll let you know when to come by
763
Oh yeah we got the thousand look because this is just a check-in kind of a thing you know
It's not like I'm asking if we're like an opinion something like that
Oh and look at this you're going to be real excited about this
The National Association of State Boards of Education
We elect officers in July and for one office president like there's only one candidate
A member of the Kansas School Board who supported its efforts against the teaching of evolution
Scientists have been active in the nation's evolution debates
They want to thwart its candidacy but it's not clear if they can
The candidate is Kenneth Willard
A flat eartheny antithol
A Republican from Kansas who voted with the conservative majority in 2005
When the Kansas School Board changed the state's science standards to allow inclusion of intelligent design
and ideological cause of creationism
Focus, focus, that's where the focus is
Voters later replaced that majority with Willard and insurance executive from Hutchinson
retained his seat he kept his honor
The group based in Washington is a nonprofit organization in the state school board whose website says
It works to strengthen state leadership and educational policy making
Brando Wilbur and its executive director said Willard's only opponent that race withdrew from personal reasons
Each state's got one vote in the election
Some scientists trope that when states submit their votes they're writing somebody else
Anybody, one possible candidate is San Schlomer
Which I guess that's a cross between Schlameel and Schlumper
Schlomer, keep a retired businessman from Cincinnati who want to see the Ohio board last November
Well the half of scientists are organized in a feat creation as candidates
Schlomer said he had no particular, maybe his name is really Schlomo
But it sounds a little bit too Jewish
For all him right next from the Midwest
Schlomer said he had no particular design for the office of banana
And rather served and see someone of his persuasion
Represent school boards across the country aka can you spell Nazi
The association's bylaws make no provision for writing as Willard said
Willard who's in his fourth year on the 16th member national boards and front of their ship such as the
Teaching of revolution or best left to the states
You know the progressive states like Florida
Alright y'all come back now here y'all have a good day
Y'all get that nose all cleaned out
767 which is not you know not a bad plane I wish to fly
Although I prefer the nice 747 upper deck
I don't like the upper deck you want to know why?
Why? That curly, curly, cute staircase man
Oh, you know what that is?
I'm getting ready for my senior citizen discounts
You know that they're not a whole lot of good things about getting to be an old fart
But one of them is senior citizen discount, alright
You have a long way to go to land
Sure I think during the break I'm going to do two things
Okay remind me to do two things
Number one check and see if we got our 1400th Myspace friend which I doubt very very seriously
That could be
And number two check and see when that next trend is coming out
Good plane. Is that a plan?
A plan by the man for an important brief
Oh God!
A spider
Somebody go ahead chef
JJ Walker as kid dynamite
I'm going to blow up spider man right
Because I'm kid dynamite
And Michael Richards as the racist
He's a black widow
He's a black widow
Spider man for a stack of the washed up sitcom stars
Spider man for his film in front of a live studio audience
He's a black widow
Well kiss him good morning and that kid
It's 11.16 at 5.60 WQM
We got 776 baby on that thing on that survey
On that sex survey which are you
And we still got 13.99
That's the bad news on the Myspace
And I'm moving off the dime
Later in the day I'm sure there are once these people get home
Then there will be like a whole release tour of three
You believe me?
Sure wonder
And the next trend is long ways away
June 7th 10am
What day of the week is that?
That must be a Friday?
No, a Thursday
We'll check. Chris will have to flip the calendar
Well how difficult is that if I can do it?
Oh I need to put it around and walk
It's a Thursday
I'm not in my right about that
Thursday yes, June 7th 10am
Mark that on the calendar trend
Okay put it like a skull and crossbones underneath it
Got time?
10am let me say it again
See if we're like still on the ear
See if Jolly Jo is completed the
The assassination of QAM
You're working on a pretty good Jolly Jo man
You're doing a heck of a job just like Brownie
Former South Dakota Republican state lawmaker Ted Klaut
Is facing criminal charges including eight counts of rape and additional charges of stalking
And sexual contact with a child
Another one of those good family values Republicans baby
They're all over the place
One of the victims was a former legislative page
Who we poorly was a soldier while staying with Klaut
In his Pierre Hotel room during the
2006 legislative session
Klaut 49 of Walker
Was arrested Saturday
The charges which involved two girls were filed in two South Dakota counties
He's accused of performing over each ex and breast exams
And one of the girls under the guise that he was helping her to donate her eggs
When the girl began to cry
Who would give her beer or alcohol
I guess the camera on
He's not the only one
On February 2nd when the Division of Criminal Investigation agents interviewed Klaut
He initially denied performing any tests on the girls
But when agents confronted him with
Contents of emails he's accused of sending the girls
He changed his story
Klaut then stated
Maybe I did some things I shouldn't have
According to the court effort david
In Hughes County which is home to the state capital
Klaut faces four counts of second degree rape
According to an arrest warrant
A complaint two of the rape counts state to march 2005
One is led to a occurred Jane who recorded the court records
In Klaut's in county where Klaut is from he faces four more counts of second degree rape
And two counts of witness tampering
He's accused of fraudulent influence witnesses to testify falsely with whole testimony
Other charges include two counts of sexual exploitation of a minor
Stalking and sexual contact with a child under 16
Klaut's in the custody of the Klaut's in county sheriff
And on his way to deadwood
Oh no
Maybe that's his problem
Klaut a Republican who was elected to the house 1998 is a farmer and a rancher and a prevert
He served four to two year terms ran for the senate last fall
And lost to Republican Ryan Mahor of Isabelle
During his eight years in the house he served on the appropriations committee
During his last term he was chairman of the government operations and our committee
He's got some friends said
For more details stay with Saturday's anus leader or August leader
That's the newspaper
That's the newspaper there in South Dakota
You know not so many people are familiar with the South Dakota with anything in the Dakotas
And probably for good reason
Because it sucks it sucks and it blows like joyous South Dakota
And North Dakota I would imagine you know even more remote
Right even more so at least South Dakota has like badlands and you know
Paracter a little bit goodlands and badlands right that didn't take a good oh badlands
72 on that survey if we can get up to around 800 but oh we got it licked we got that thousand made in the shades
Oh there's my hammer of hot die
Mohammed hot dies on there the former levities ambassador from lesbian on
And he's looking at those pictures and saying oh hey
I'll tell you one thing I bet you that the lesbian he's like their deli
You know I could be wrong about that
I think they're up to eat the deli
You tell me I mean I know they eat philophilum
They've got their own cuisine if you can call that
I guess philophilus is pretty good isn't that made with lamb?
Mary had I don't know but I don't like lamb
Oh is it gamey?
It's sweet and greasy and I don't like that duck we were talking about
Oh not a duck poor little Donald duck think a Donald duck or daffy duck next time you dig into a one of those duck dishes
Like the peeking duck
If you go to the window and there's a duck peeking in go away and have it for dinner
People would eat duck oh how about people eat rabbit like the brits
You like rabbit?
Rubbery it is
Yeah you've had rabbit? Sure
And it tastes like what?
It's rubbery it's chewy it says like stringy meat it's uh
Oh I'll pass
Oh poor little bunny rabbit yeah so bad it's so sad
Longured rodents
Oh no like rats or bats
Or bats you just rats with wings
That's rats
Well the lord you know he must have had something in mind when he created all these creatures
Or maybe he just got up on the wrong side of bed that day
785 let's see how the game in bisexual population is 10.6%
6 is in threes
1 is of course 66.8%
About 2 thirds
That's a pretty good balance I would say
Not that we really care we'll take anybody at this stage
If you're breathing if you're like under the age of 100 and we'll take you
Even if you're even at this point if you're over the age of 100
We'll take you
Because under the leadership of this current regime man
QAme is on fire we are absolutely
Fiiiimei
Don't tell anybody though keep it a secret
Or on fire
Not the way we'd like to be on fire but you know
You give that guy like jolly joe a pack of matches and he can be really dangerous
Frank Rich has got a long column and it's much too long for me to read don't you think?
No. The Reverend Falwell is heavily timing from yesterday's New York Times
It's on our website nearrodges.com
Hard as it is to believe now a jury of Falwell came in second only to Ronald Reagan
In a 1983 good housekeeping pool
Anointing the most admired man in America
By September 2001 even the Bush administration was looking for way to ditch the preacher
Who would join Pat Robertson on TV
Depend the night 11 attacks on feminists
Aversionist gays and implicitly teletubbies
As David Crowe from abortion official for faith based initiative sells the story in his book
Tempting Faith
The Reverend Falwell was given a ticket to the Washington National Cathedral memorial service that week
Only on the strict condition that he stayed away from reporters in the cameras
Mr. Falwell obeyed the once he was inside he cracked jokes
World as she looked frumpy he said of Barbara Bush and troubled non-stop
Oh I like that even better than Gaffa he chordled
Like kind of like jolly Joe he chordles a lot and Gaffa's
Now when the numbers come out though it's more like oh boy like that
And of course we're in here the tears are running down our cheeks
Not tears of joy either tears of this May and frustration and borderline suicidal tendencies
This is the great spiritual leader whom John McKinley met Romney raised to praise when he died on Tuesday
Just as the GOP presidential contenders were converging for debate in South Carolina
The McCain camps illigic press release Illigiaque what is that I never heard that word I like
I'm gonna look it up
Beat out his rivals by hair but everyone including Senator McCain knows he got a right back in 2000
When he labeled Mr. Falwell and Robertson agents of intolerance
Mr. Falwell was a crack in a knuckles again I can hear it all the way up here
I can smell it
Ng Ng Ng Ng Mr. Falwell was always on the wrong intolerance side of history
Speaking of wrong side of history
No, no, no, no, no
He fought against the civil rights movement and ridiculed Desmond Tutu's battle against apartheid
Years before calling AIDS the wrath of God against homosexuals
In 1999 figuring the anti-Christ isn't unidentified contemporary Jew
Though Mr. Falwell had long been an embarrassment in a laughing stock to many including a new generation of Christian leaders typified by Mr. Quo
the timing of his death could not have had grander symbolic import.
It happened at the precise moment that the Falwell Robertson brand of religious politics
is being given its walking papers by a large chunk of the political party that Christian
right wants himself to grow.
Hours after Falwell died Rudy Giuliani, a candidate he explicitly rejected, won the Republican
debate by acclimation.
When the marginal candidate Ron Paul handed America's mayor an opening to wrap himself
grand eloquently in 9-11-1-1-1-1-1, not even the most conservative of deep-south audiences
because he resists cheering him.
If Rudy can dress up as Jack Bauer, who cares about his pension for drag?
The current exemplars of Mr. Falwell's gay bathing and Tyros style of politics James Dopson
of the focus on the family and Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council see the writing
on the wall.
Electability matters more to Republicans these days than Mr. Giuliani's unambiguous support
for abortion rights and gay civil rights no matter how clumsily he's tried to fudge it.
Last week Dopson was in full crybaby mode threatening not to vote if Rudy's on the GOP ticket.
Mr. Perkins complained to the Wall Street Journal that the seconder side of the Republican
Party was serving its religious right auxiliary with divorce papers.
Yes, and it's doing so with an abruptness and rudeness reminiscent of Giuliani's public
dumping of the second of his three wives down a handover.
This month even the conservative editorial page of the journal chastised Republicans
of the Perkins Dopson ilk for being too bellicose about abortion saying that a focus on the
issue will make the party seem irrelevant and cost it to White House in 2008 we can only
pray.
At the start of two days debate the Fox News moderator, Britt Hume coldly put Mr.
Fallwell's death off limits by announcing we will not be seeking any more reaction from
the candidates on that matter.
It was a preemptive move to shield Fox's favorite party from soaring its image any further
by association with the moral majority has been and is striding causes.
In the ensuing 90 minutes Fox News questioner skip passed the once burning subject of
same sex marriage as well.
What a difference amid term election is made.
The Carl Roll theory that Republicans can't survive without pandering the religious
right.
Poo Paws is Poo Paws is yet another piece of bush dogman lying in ruins then in by two
synergistic forces.
The first is the raw political math.
Pulse consistently show that most Americans don't want abortion outlawed.
Do want legal recognition for gay couples.
Do want stem cell research and never want to see government intrudon a Terry Shiveau
again even with her.
CUBE!
And on election day 2006 voters and red states defeated both an abortion ban in South Dakota
and for the first time a same sex marriage ban in Arizona.
But equally crucial is how much the family values establishment has tarnished itself in
the bush era.
Some of that self-destruction followed the time on her Jimmy Swagger, Jim Baker, paradigm
of hypocrisy.
The revelations that ten Hagrid headed the national associates to be vangelicals finding
God in the arms of a male prostitute.
And if the vice president's daughter and her partner were violating state and bush white
house doctrine by raising a child with two mamis.
But a greater factor in the decline in soling of the fall well-flavored religious right is
its collusion in the worldly corruption ocean by this particular presidency and Mr.
Rose now defunct Republican majority.
And it goes on, there's not more but it's on our website.
I don't want to put you into a coma reading the whole thing because George will pass out.
He'll smell well.
And Miguel will come running in there carrying on and screaming in Espanol about religious
hypocrites.
I love that kind of stuff.
Do you know it?
Do you want me to read the rest of it when I come back?
Could you?
Would you?
You've got to play that restitution song either one would be good.
Oh!
Well in that case prostitution.
You don't want to hear this whole thing.
They want us to find a way.
Double dog, Gary.
The reimbursed or backfinger.
You go first.
From 200 years ago when they were slaves.
People are David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
I'm going to jail.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
The policy from the White House has been to allocate funds to religious institutions, even those that channel those funds exclusively their own particular group of believers in a particular region.
Those things in my opinion are quite disturbing, Jimmy said.
As a traditional Baptist, I've always believed in separation of church and state and state and honored that the premise when I was president.
So I have all other presidents.
I might say accept this one.
So I have all other presidents except this one, he said.
White House spokesman, Blair Jones, declined to comment, referring questions to the Republican National Committee.
Republican National Committee, spokesman, Amber Wilkerson, questioned why Carter, who teaches a Sunday school in his hometown of planes, Joja, would attack Bush.
Apparently Sunday mornings and planes for former president, Carter, would truly wreck those accusations and your fellow man, she said.
It's hard to take a lecture on foreign policy seriously from president Carter considering he's the same person that challenged Ronald Reagan's strategy for the Cold War.
Douglas Brinkley, a Tulane University presidential historian in Cardiography, described Carter's comments as unprecedented.
This is the most forceful denunciation Carter has ever made about an American president Brinkley said.
When you call somebody the worst president, that's volatile, those are fighting words.
And the White House now, over the weekend, is saying, well, he's irrelevant now, and he's old and, you know, yada yada yada, all the sort of crap.
That's what they're saying.
And then he kind of like back the way, and while it's taken out of context, and but a bit, but maybe they made him an offer he couldn't refuse, you know what?
They're famous for that.
Maybe something like that.
Maybe they're trying to take away his peanuts.
Peanuts could be.
What word did you say?
You heard exactly what I said.
Peanuts.
Peanuts.
Speaking of that, here's our poll result.
Just in the nicotine, 851 votes on there, and you were worried about making 1000s, not even Nunea for Christ's sake.
Yeah, correct.
Better hurry up and get to be new, and I'll tell you that.
Because at noon, I'm going to Bastard Robbins.
You better talk me out of it, okay?
Don't ever say a word about it, what?
And what would you say?
I don't have the energy anymore.
There's no talking people out of it.
I said don't go.
See, Christ is trying to help me out.
Yeah, yeah.
And you're like just wimpin' out.
You're not like all you're working out.
You don't care enough to send you very best.
Well, not even a will, the quicker you're gone, the quicker he's rich.
That's right.
I never thought about it.
Very up and dialed, man.
I need that money now.
See?
The more slowers are expensive.
8.53 on a pool.
How would you describe your sexual orientation on a scale from 1 to 6?
1 completely straight.
6 completely, uh, completely gay.
1.571.
66.9%.
You can't conclusive the two thirds of that.
113 people say there are two.
Mostly straight, but, eh, you know, once in a while, if it's really good.
51 people say there are 6.5.9%.
Completely gay.
3% are, I mean, 37.3, say there are 3.
See, there's too many numbers in this.
I can't handle it.
37 people say there are 3.
That's by.
Okay, you got it.
So you add the guy, a gay in the buy.
You got 10.2%.
Did I say 10%?
I got my thumb right near it.
I'm a Catholic priest or no.
You better hope they don't have their thumb near it.
27.
18 people say there are 5.
In various by the day, a dozen.
I'm a sexual 9.
It's in the no sex, eh?
6 people say there are 4, which I still don't get that.
It varies by the hour 5.
And I'm not really sure 4.
They're getting a search party is what they're doing.
They need to compass in a road map.
This is Britney Quinn.
Whenever I shape my fault, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
8.
Oh, 4 sounds anymore.
Oh, oh, oh.
8.
No pun sounds like before.
8.
Oh, oh, oh.
No pun sounds anymore.
The sun's pinky corporate home.
Name joy struck them away.
Oh my God.
Can't say.
Crap.
I'll be cause of some bitch cow.
Just to bring the ratings down.
She don't want Neil Brown.
And that's why she took them away.
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows.
Blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow
From that epoch to that epoch, and that epoch to that epoch he blow, he blow, he blow, he blow, he blow, he blow, he blow, he blow, he blows
Egg no buts of times anymore Just like me infected ooo, sociedade
He's infected the whole that Nappy headed the East infected.
Can you imagine the time I saw this said, East infected Nappy headed.
Oh really bad.
He didn't got in the shot right on the spot.
Well you'll be very amazed to know that just like Chris that one of my other close
personal friends is even text message me don't go.
Don't go on me with Baskin Robbins.
Good.
Yeah, not just good but sensational see when people care enough to send their very best
rate like that you know like a big.
Yeah, I know it's not going to make any difference but for what reason please don't go
because I'm not going to go.
That's what I'm going to go because you say not go I'm going to go because the professors
is don't go.
Go ahead.
Thank you professor.
Go ahead.
Yeah.
Somebody who also may stand to benefit someday for my early demise but would like to keep me alive
for a while you know.
You're still worth more alive no matter how much Nappy put in there.
Oh really really well I think about that but that you know that trip to the bathtub
those sounds awfully good.
Oh God just just drowning in the sea of hot floods in Rocky Road.
Oh brother what a thought.
Well there's no that's remember that great call we had no such thing as sugar reduction
you're just a weekend.
Yeah I'm weak but I'm addicted okay.
I'm addicted to azucada because it's sweet.
Yeah you're addicted.
Do you hear that Chris?
He's trying.
He's trying.
Another shot or still I guess I guess you don't want to be in there huh.
I mean it's real easy just say you don't need to you don't need that money.
No I need it no not when I'm 90.
Oh man.
I guess I'll be able to buy a nice wheelchair by the time I get there.
It's going to be it's going to be a state of the art man you bet it's going to have
those real all those really great speakers on the side of the day.
And then you'll be able to nearly knock people down on it.
I'll make the best of it I'm sure.
Oh brother I need it now that when it was good you're going to get it all right and
that was your look at that I know wow.
We got 870 on your Chris we'll get to 1000 easy with no pressure no stress just the
way I like it man.
Yep no.
No strain no pain.
Senator Barack Obama yesterday directly challenged former president Bill Clinton's assertions
that Mr. Obama and Senator swillery Rodham Clinton hold the same essential positions
on the war in Iraq where they're dying like flies throughout the spring Mr. Clinton
had probably told his wife's donors and supporters that it was unfair for Mr. Obama
rivaled Mrs. Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination to be regarded as more anti-war
than Mrs. Clinton.
Mr. Clinton is focused on the similarities in the two senators voting records on Iraq
since 2005 when Obama entered the Senate none of their positions before the war when
Mr. Obama opposed it and while Mrs. Clinton voted in 2002 to authorize military action
in Iraq he was always again and she voted for it we just mentioned that in passing okay
as in Fony Bitch swillery.
This dichotomy that's been set up to allow him to become the raging hero of the anti-war
crowd on the internet is just factually inaccurate Mr. Clinton told the conference call
supporters in March according to the newspaper The Hill.
Mr. Obama was asked and if you want MSNBC yesterday about Clinton's point that the two senators
have voted mostly the same way on Iraq.
Well I suppose that's true if you leave out the fact that she authorized it and supported
it and I said it was a bad idea he said you know that's a fairly major difference.
Mr. Obama then suggested that a fundamental question judgment was at issue.
I think very highly a Senator Clinton he said I think she's a wonderful Senator from New
York but and I think very highly of Bill Clinton but I think it's fair to say that we had
a fundamentally different opinion on the wisdom of this war I don't think we can revise
history when it comes to that and as usual he is you're going to see he's going to run
circles around her he's going to make her look like a jackass like the ice princess that
she really is.
Mr. Obama's repeatedly noted on the campaign trail that he opposed the Iraq war as far
back as the fall of 2003 when Mrs. Clinton was voting to allow military action but until
yesterday Mr. Obama had not been so direct in contesting Mr. Clinton's claims that there
was a little difference between the two hopefuls.
Mr. Obama and the Clintons have created relatively little direct fire in the last two months
and Mrs. Clinton's spokesman responded to a ban me as they were emphasizing her desire
to look ahead on Iraq and not return to the 2002 authorization vote.
That's what Ted Bundy said too just when they were ready to pull the lever.
Let's look forward okay let's look at the future not of what I did in the past.
Senator Clinton is focused on uniting Democrats and ending the war said the spokesman Howard
Walson who sounds very Jewish to me.
Mr. Obama took a shot of the Clintons today after Mrs. Clinton was pressed by reporters
about whether she supported the idea of cutting off financing from major combat operations
next spring.
She voted on Wednesday for such a proposal as did Mr. Obama then said she wouldn't
speculate on how she'd vote in the future.
Later Wednesday however she told reporters that she unequivocally supported the plan
to end the war financing next spring.
As she's trying to keep up with him but she couldn't do it.
It'd be like me trying to keep up with like a 20-year-old long distance runner you know
racing down Young Street in Toronto.
I think I keep up with him.
Maybe if he looked pretty good I might.
Oh yeah I imagine.
You might be surprised at how quick I can move you know.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Yeah I know.
Well getting back to that pull then.
874 votes.
How would you describe your sexual orientation on a scale from one to six?
One being completely straight or is it here full on straight.
It sounds almost like some kind of an attack.
Like full frontal attack or full well back down attack.
Kind of a totally straight or a six being totally gay or full on.
586 say there were one completely straight 67% it's like two thirds baby two thirds.
114 though say there were two even though they look pretty good they might be you know
under the right circumstances sizes.
114 say there are two.
I'm not even sure I know what a two is.
Well a three we said is bisexual so a two is like you know occasionally available under
the right circumstances and have a prep price.
53 say there were six just like that old queen.
Alcott.
On a radio yeah me 6% 4.3% or 38 people say there were three.
That to me is by you want it by it 10.3%.
28 people say I'm a Catholic priest or none.
Well why not just say you know same thing.
19 people say there are five mostly gay but once in a while maybe a little booby slips in there somewhere.
Inferies by the day 12.
Monday Tuesday Saturday you know like appalonia speaking of boobies.
She did have very a large in the ample and the supple boobies.
Appalonia.
Appalonia no too late.
I'm a sexual nine.
It is victory day by the way and I hope some people are sexual today.
9.
I know what you're laughing about these are very there's a lot of people here.
Thank God and most of the age of 100 I'm like soft Florida like in Broward where you drive around praying that you might see somebody out of the age of 100 who's not a condo commando and you rarely do and you think what am I doing here even an old fart like me.
Well I got a senior this copy of the day somewhere.
Wasn't the drugstore some damn place she said you a senior I said yeah I'll take it.
Isn't that pathetic?
Why?
Why?
Because why am I not that it's pathetic that I look even George was saying last week because he hasn't seen me in a long time that I could pass for like 63 instead of 64.
I'm I don't like not know senior citizen.
I know you don't.
I look like an old fart but that's because I am but not a senior citizen that's an insult.
You know what I gotta say if you can save the money save it.
God are you cheap you sure you're not Jewish?
No because then you can just go to one by a duck and you doch.
No French no.
Four people let's see I was gonna say four people say there is seven we don't even have a seven.
Seven people say there are four see I hate the polls where we get all these numbers in here.
I mean there's nothing like a good number I've seen a few of those and I've dittled with a few of those two good numbers.
Seven people say there are four which means a little more on the gay side than by.
Kind of 50 50 but a little maybe 55 45.
It varies by the hour or five and I'm not really sure four out of eight eighty seven.
They're still thinking about it.
They're still praying and hoping that's something alive maybe even like a tree.
Might like fall over them like brush them maybe just a twig from a tree would like brush them on the way down.
Yeah.
Or or not.
The earth's ability to soak up the gasses causing global warming is beginning to fail because of rising temperatures
and long period of time to positive feedback new research reveals today not that we want you people to get nervous about it for yourself or your kids or their kids to grandchildren or these things.
Climate change itself is weakening one of the principal sinks and absorbing carbon dioxide.
The Southern Ocean around Antarctica news that he's found.
Wouldn't it be something if all Antarctica melts in them like all the water just falls down?
Yeah that'd be something.
Yeah.
Like if you soaked a volleyball and all the water on the bottom you hold it up in here and all the water drips off the bottom.
If you didn't have any gravity all the water already be peeing right sure.
As a result atmospheric CO2 levels may rise faster and bring about rising temperatures more quickly and previously anticipated stabilizing the CO2 level which must be done to bring the warming under control is likely to become much more difficult even if the world community agrees to do it.
The news may give added urgency of the meeting in three weeks between the GA group of Virgin Asians and the leading developing countries led by China in Germany and Holling and damn.
Holling and damn well what kind of a place is that damn when an attempt was being made to put together the framework of a new world climate treaty to succeed the current Kyoto protocol.
It's like that chick on the phone that time from American Express and I'm making my reservations to stay in Amsterdam and she reads to me she says oh is that the one on that she's reading from the book.
On the damn squares I didn't want to say it on that damn squares only spelled the AM 100 there's no end on the end of damn square you silly idiotic bitch about she knows Joyce.
This is a timely warning in advance of Hogan damn and that the G8 that the climate clock is beginning to tick faster said the leading environmentalist Tom Burke visiting professor at Imperial College in London.
The shift that's been detected in the four year study by researchers from the University of East Anglia the British Antarctic Survey and the Max Planck Institute for biogeochemistry published in the journal science is one of the most ominous in the development of climate change ominous baby.
Oh my god it implies a breach in a plant's own defenses against global warming we're breaching it.
Human society is hugely benefited from the north earth natural carbon absorption facility which means oceans and forests take up roughly half of the COT to pump in the atmosphere in the so called carbon cycle.
What is left in the atmosphere is known as the airborne fraction if sinks weaken the airborne fraction would be likely to get bigger although supercomputer models of the climate are for some time addicted to the weakening of the ocean and terrestrial sinks no example of it happening is actually been detected until now that's the operative word there until now.
I think anybody cares about any of this no oh it's not going to affect me I'll be dead by that yeah one word the other we got 900 look at that they're just focused on that lesbian easing and their smoke and mirrors and all kinds of ragheads there running around with their schmata's going like that just like a bunch of engines.
Now engines don't do that anymore do they they don't do it anyway.
Uh T.P. huh T.P. now they're allowed to take their people there of exploding balls Disney the people who bring you theme parks and theme weddings are now there for you in your moment of grief introducing Disney furoles right before dad passed away his last words were going to Disney.
I thought oh a Disney funeral that's how he would have wanted it give your loved one the Disney experience one last time.
Flash mountains grandpa's favorite what better way to say goodbye than sending his casket down the flu one last time.
Keep your arms in the coffin at all times and enjoy the road.
Ask about our premium Paul Barrow package with the seven dwarves and a funeral procession down Main Street USA.
Tommy is grandma going to heaven no honey I'm sorry grandma's going to it's a small world.
Discover the wonderful after world of Disney with a Disney funeral.
From 18 at 560 you got good news and bad news on the mice face I just went on to check and see if we had our 1400th friend and we did Natasha who's 24 and if he keeps taking it like that she's going to get a lot more friends too.
You go girl believe me and then the bad news is this all right well there's a couple of other messages on there including one from Lyle aka day Friedman fat boys.
Who for the 8th time after 25 years of listening I'm saying goodbye and giving up say good by and mean it say goodbye and mean it how many good prices is not good.
How get help for the sake of your children get some help Dave Lyle whatever you're calling yourself this week besides your children need you.
Oh my good thing just again ripping in gnashing and about fat boys said this and the metaman publics and they talk about me and but I mean and how he wishes there's some other good little talk to you.
Oh I'm just I'm just a little man and pop up up up up I think he's sending me faxes it's really fast and you know he said how many times he's said goodbye before seriously about 400.
The day that I think that you say goodbye will be the day that an actor turns into hell okay and believe you me and then that's the whole idea you know again just taking his own misery and ignorance and just you know venting it in my direction.
Another good reason not to be in South Florida is Lyle aka day Friedman aka fat boys friend who's fat boy you might be wondering well.
Hiya Sally.
That's who that is.
That's all you need to know speaking of annoying.
907 the one of four so we got Natasha is our 14-unit friend and we got rid of the Friedman alleged alleged but I don't think so.
AKA Lyle remember he was sending us the faxes.
Of course yeah that was fun for five minutes.
Right now it was really fun for about two seconds right after the first 400 of them.
Two intelligence assessments from January 2003 predicted that the overthrow of Saddam Hussein and the subsequent US occupation record lead to internal violence and provide a boost to Islamic extremists and terrorist in the region according to the law.
They can racial sources and former intelligence officials familiar with the pre-war studies.
In principle challenges in post-Sautomarac and regional consequences of regime change in Iraq the national intelligence council predicted that Iraq would split apart and there be a strong possibility of sectarian violence.
The report also predicted the elements of Saddam Hussein's military could join with the extremists.
Sources told the Washington Post that the reports even mentioned the use of guerrilla warfare against US troops.
The report about the consequences of the US invasion predicted that fear of US military dominance and occupation of a Middle East country,
one sacred to Islam would attract foreign Islamic fighters to the area reports Walter Pinkis.
The Senate still have committee on intelligence will examine the reports as part of the second phase of their investigation into pre-war intelligence, the defense department apparently dismissed the reports as being too negative.
In other words it was bad and screwed up all their plans.
Just like Tessio said, remember, screws up all my plans. Can you give me off the hook for old times say you can't do it town.
Sally, whatever it was. Sally, don't call me Sally.
Yeah, that thing, you know, I deleted it already and of course it's in the trash I could read it to you but I wouldn't dignify him by doing that.
I shouldn't be dignifying him by mentioning on here but I read that swillety stuff.
Like I said before, if you want to use the MySpace page to direct hostile, angry, psychotic, idiotic crap then go right ahead because I'm going to do just delete it right away.
And that's it. Well, what's the point? What are they trying to tell us?
I have no life. That's obvious. Outside of the show they have no life is if I carry, you know, I only would pray and wish and hope that he would disappear.
But he never will. Any more than fat boy will disappear because talk about preoccupied. This is their life. Me, this show, anything that's on the show and of course you guys buy association.
And of course fat boy, you'll be called try to throw you into the bus. So he's obviously a good friend of yours too.
Yeah, no, we're buddy. Yeah, best. 912 votes on the pool.
This is a good one fear of eating by Paul Krugman today. Fear of eating. That's what I should have.
Don't do it. I'm not going. I'm not going to get no ice cream to them. Good. Good. What? Don't.
See me. Bacon. What? That's some bacon inside. I already had my bacon. I got some more. In fact, I could make it during this next break. I might actually eat it on the air. Just aggravate the liel.
This is just a bile when you say liel. Yeah, who's who's spewing his bile for a while in real, typical style. He should go down the nile. Yeah. And drown a mile deep in the ocean. Wow. We could be rap artists. Yeah, we can go on. You're ever was. And I eat.
Swinton. You're going to start with that again. Oh my god. They want us to find a way. Anyway, just I don't even know why I go on about it. Just it just amazes me when you think you've gotten rid of somebody.
I mean, at least even Johnny G who I like who's a good guy who means well, who who never writes anything hostile or negative about me personally, even he had the decency to finally say, okay, I can't take you.
Remember me anywhere. I'm just going to go away. You know, I'm still a friend on here and I'll still listen, but you know, leave me alone. But not this one. Not wild. The pile. You can smell it. All the way up here. I can smell the aroma.
Put you in a coma. The aroma. The aroma. I would like to be in Rome. I'll tell you that. Although I'll be doing I be in there. I just got to stop eating. Just stop. That's right. No more eating. Maybe an occasional steak something like that. Yeah. Right. Just you stay.
Mm. Mm. Do you see that? That's not good. That does. Right now. Like that cowboy rib eye.
Mm. Especially when it's see I like my steak medium well when somebody gets a steak in the order like rare or medium or it is like blood swimming on the plate. I like.
I don't know. Not all that enthused about my meal. You know. It's like when somebody orders salmon or some kind of a fish dish and it's real real fishy smelling. Oh, not good.
If you're having a going out to lunch or dinner with somebody that doesn't like fish don't order fish unless it's like real. You know what kind of a fish doesn't stink.
Fresh as opposed to old and rotten correct like they freedman 915 votes on the pole.
54 say there are six completely gay that's 5.9% and 40 people say there are three. Yeah. Those two together. What do you got? 10.2%.
See my gay are my radar. I got my antennas up. Bowie.
He said honey got on the board.
When you make them back.
It's the private.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey.
Hey.
I'm going to hold it down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And we were actually looking fruits to the night and they were
going to be fourth school today, we were looking boys in the
kitchen that looked like arobe cleaning.
But in the last night...
I wondered what was going rear
you guessed today food safeties are but the food safety crisis is in
car by the arrangement of the boxes on the organization chart it's
caused by the dominance within our government of a literally sickening
ideology sickening nauseating just like that email that I read from your
friend Lyle who gives me a big pile okay where I sit back home
God lost a while and of course it must just be a coincidence that he ran
into a fat boy and sent me the my space at the same time
yeah it's it's really easy Dave just walk away I can't do it I know he can't I
know the word the word you keep in mind what it started as a video
former love of my life sure why nothing more love of my life how can you have a
love of your life when you have no life God and then that's how
thought of man it's just just neurotic repetition same old same old man well
all we hear the same jokes over and over again if you didn't listen then you
wouldn't hear any other that that's right just go away just walk away like you
said don't come back don't don't continue giving me it's like it's like the
you know the relative who comes who came I'm gonna go I'm gonna leave I'm
gonna leave and they keep threatening to leave but they never do just walk away
that's right and ever be an intro that the door hits in the ass on the way out
just say goodbye okay all the mouth contents all those people who can't stand
the show I'm a cranky nasty old fart bye bye see ya and the minute I say that
they turn it up loud because they know I'm talking about them they know exactly
what I'm talking about and those people will never leave until until the day I
either the last day on the air until the day I croak they'll never leave and
even then they'll linger around they'll linger and smell my finger
and our life from Rijel 7 it's the neo-roger show
I like to eat up and song for good writing
they do have time likely American pricing
they'll let me guys oh I don't sing off key this is my day for a karaoke
yeah I love the way that I've been ended the bitch haven't been the same
since sir go get by and I know I know I heard I was somebody quick read through
yeah but thing I didn't go much of dancing of course it's not easy flying
back there from Rijel 7 I know thank God I'm here it's all over for you
push left stuck on earth president oh well well if you're lucky that crack head
is the last bus to rig an election who's on this line don't we go I am
Mr. Rogers speaking I was in the public sugar
galactica today sir and let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper
are they shaving I discovered to my show no it's not too for 99 cents on the contrary
got them off was two break stones for 99 cents now I don't know about you that's right
to pedal me to break stones but a price it who breaks don't cottage cheese when
the coupon clearly stated well use the cottage cheese that's growing in your
toenails now who's this line chef at a nine clinging on penal colony hello I
forgot it in a three time no okay I'm not know you know I got a ring of course
you hate my contract how about a one minute show huh you can fill the other three
minutes that's right oh can't you find his next George bye bye bye
246 14 to one mad dog coming up in two o'clock we got the hump are in the
mad dog four to five in a power hour and then hump or solo five to seven my
meat dolphins all access seven nine it was very nice that Chris explained that
to us earlier and I still don't get it I get it to good thing I wasn't paying
attention it's part of the deal you know part of the deal correct the Linda we
got the dolphins we got the dog anybody care no oh well we do we're all
excited about it now if we can just book some of the other 20 hours today we'll
be okay at a boy Joe you got the dolphins man you sprung you open up that
checkbook you got the fins brought cancer you got Jimmy syphilis on here one
more could anybody want set up to make a grown man cry I just try 946 votes on
the pool how would you describe your sexual orientation the scale from one to
six same old jokes by the way George same old jokes he's mailing it in
then you use the h-eller FedEx when you mail it in I do like a heartful post I do
like FedEx man what's your union pony I don't like FedEx I love FedEx they are
good they're good no they're not good they're great anyway the scale of one to six
one being completely full on straight and six being full on Faggotty gay
Madacon 67.4% of you 638 hour one a hundred percent straight head of a
sexual thank god oh a hundred and twenty four are two which means head of
roll but you know once in a while little hanky spanky man on the side 55 say there
are six completely gay 5.8% and the three which is by according to our my
prognosis 41 and you have those two together that's 10.1% but we're getting
awfully close to that even 10% I'm a Catholic priest around look how many say
that but third man well that's the case you shouldn't be getting on right
mm-hmm twenty people say there are five which is mostly gay but once in a while
maybe they slip maybe they maybe they maybe they think it's a guy but it's a
woman you know or is it the other way around Trump people say it varies by
today tends to say I'm a sexual no sex a seven people say there are four five
say it varies by the hour and not really sure for I see I'm not really sure
understand that either sometimes you'll work in some of these profile on my
space where it says sexual orientation they'll write on a sure right not to
me that always mean yeah yeah right means in the closet sure I mean I'm sure
yes yeah we're sure that's what I take it is yeah you just don't want to
admit whatever it is that you are and why would anybody be afraid to admit
that they were straight so therefore it must be the other one gay what are you
trying to say you're very yeah yeah 9.50 on their Chris no
sweaty maybe we'll get to a thousand real easy I'm gonna have to you know
something we're gonna have to like redo the whole show for Dave Friedman and fat
boy retool anyone what else would they be talking about that that's a yeah
hope we've taken it before who is the most obsessed with new Rogers right
obsessed with Joey Reynolds mm-hmm fat boy sure and there was a whole list of
other a sure you go does he even still exist I don't know his people still
call every once in a while they do both of them yeah or they I don't know
their names what do you mean his people every once in a while some bonehead
old facts are sending a spy report mister ego was saying this Mister ego was
saying that he cares nobody exactly nobody even knows the name of the station
that he's on much less where to find it on the dial much less with one listen
anyway oh he's a born again Christian now he's a man remember that thing with
a school board whatever that deal was that's the last time he you know made
a little bit of a splash and hopefully for him he's making a little bit of cash
because we all got to survive especially when you're adopting 800 kids
and ever less a pair of priests arrested November for trespassing at Fort
Hwachaka it's in Arizona Hwachaka okay our determined to make it don't be
questioning now because I actually got one right there our determined to make
a court case of what they can tend is torture being taught at the South
Arizona Army post it's kind of like working for jolly Joe it's like torture even
you know as Georgia Beasley she came in said what what what an idiot he is she
knows he knows and the Beasley's around him you know they put him in here
because he's the yes man because he's a paper pusher in fact I think he's
getting the machine pressure he's a paper pusher pusher really sad you know
and I I don't want to keep saying it on the air but I told you we're gonna put
torture on trial the wherever Reverend Lewis by talent the Reverend Steve
Kelly told nearly 80 people Friday and the sanctuary of the Southside
Presbyterian Church in Tucson where the median age is death plus 80 the two
believe the post and the intelligence leadership prepares soldiers to
become torturers and a misguided attempt to extract information but major
general Barbara fast the senior officer on the post and the one who leads the
intelligence center denies torture techniques are part of any instruction the
training on the post is completely consistent with Africa the law and policy
according to Senator John McCain's amendment the detainee treatment act of
2005 the act which the Arizona Republican specifically insured for bad
torture requires that no person in the custody or under the effect of control
of the Department of Defense facility shall be subject to any treatment or
technique of interrogation not authorized by and listed in the US Army field
manual on intelligence interrogation but Kelly said that's what's happening
inside the wire of the detention center in Gitmo the main detainee complex
for suspected terrorists is taught on the fort and includes using physical and
mental torture techniques vital said a female rancher or student instructor
dog all peer-safe after landing look at that here's that plane and let's take a
look at little of a small plane I was at a sister in Tampa oh watch this bumpy
landing there little uh uh uh uh uh there's one wheel down two wheels down front
wheel you're watching the replay I know it's the replay it's just moments ago
okay my that's stupid I know it's the replay I'm trying to build a little
of something that suspense and you're like spoiling it they if they don't have
a TV oh geez nose down I was gonna say the front wheel down nose down oh man
it's not just that doctor asked Dr. Bob Hill says not that when you go nose
down because next thing you know you're saying okay student and instructor and
the dog all right well thank God the dogs okay by tell set a female rancher who
said she is property that a bus to the fort knows that torture is taught he did
not name the woman who purportedly spoke at a support meeting for the two
priests last week the two men by telepharenciscan and kelly a Jesuit are seeking
moral financial and physical support before doing after their trial which is
tentatively scheduled and the Tucson federal courthouse June 6th on November 19th
the priest performed an act of civil disobedience by walking out of the fort
though through the post-main gatorious part of us become an annual protest of
intelligence training the event is linked to a larger protest that takes place
in Fort Benning, Georgia every year the school of the merciless is located
in Fort Benning and the school has been accused of teaching torture methods to
lighten American militaries the two men both of who have served time in federal
lockups for anti-military protest I think maybe they want to get arrested you
know maybe they like it in there right wanted to deliver a letter to fast be
allowed to speak to students at the intelligence center as they didn't
November they wore priestly garments of the orders on Friday by talon a brown
cassock of Franciscan friars I wonder he knows friar tuck and Kelly and Black
shoes pants insured with a small white collar at his neck like shoes pantaloonies
and shirt as they walked across the street on the fort property November they
were initially approached by man and civilian clothing who didn't identify
himself and they continued on Kelly said there's more people from the fort
approach to one point he followed by talon nelt and began to pray but rule
hatar anoy see was saying the wrong prayer that's the problem it's like when I
go to woodbine everybody's praying for me they're all saying the wrong prayer
the prayer were eventually taken to a facility on post-encharged with
trespassing they were released on the wrong retrogance since that day by talon
Kelly with the first ever to be arrested for trespassing on the post is part
of the annual protest near the main gate as the two men went toward the fort
supporters yelled on encouragement while members of a counter protest shouted
disparaging comments like you felt like that 2001 the name of the
Fort vending school was changed to Western hemispheres to for security
cooperation over the priest still call the facility school of the
Americas something they constantly did the Tucson meeting because they don't
believe there's been a change in the instructional course at the Jojo
installation and it goes on on you know what they uh... go on his
dolphin because when you live in a police state when you under uh... you know
the the boot the thumb go on his dolphin right like that and the media is more
concerned with the talk I you know like tachamoon would nonsense foolishness
971 I'm like more concerned with hockey how about those sabers what a shame
it's all because of you fat boy that's why the sabers lost
all cause a fat boy they probably knew that he and they freedman were
consorting again
they were confabulating
i mean if there was somebody that you you know you decide it was a
crabby nassau person just about the logic in this would you would you
would you know the time listen to me would you argue right for this isn't even a
fact the facts you know you can look that baby in a in no time at all but to
create a phony profile that doesn't have nonexistent with no friends
yes and me a my space like it started it and you know you know that he was
listening that's why read it because you know it
i gave up on you my my love of twenty five years
get a life you idiot your quizzle and
goofball fat boy sick of fan you know something to be a sick of mine but to be
a sick of that
holy cow i think underlined the sick part
the fact comes from his elephant
애 zu
No one's raining suddenly evening new
Curly even like his clear eyes up he's hot she's loo
See me I think they can't as they're feeling sick
Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
They're our rumors that she's a cool girl in the back
But she can't be happy because she's playing the back
Bet she wants to back her head in without break
Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
Katie can't be fanciful, will you?
Found him down the pesto and the thong
Bet she wants to see never left this in the show
Come find me, be as she said and I'll sound low
So much much more, that's better numbers on the neck
Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
Katie on new lady Katie
New check, Katie Katie
On new check nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
No you are that's more people watching
People rather hear since I am sick
Boy
She's meaning that they are the saddest in the ass
She can follow the group I know you're in stress
Crazy little earring wearing blue lipstick
Nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
They are the local babies ring gold
Oh wait, oh wait
Man I bet they wish they had their weapons back
Cause they need a light as we get things on track
But if they can't get it my mind I'll be sick
Cause nobody is watching Katie Kerrick
Gold down my food by sending me
Okay get ready for the stunt ending
Get ready to check yourself in
Watching Katie Kerrick
Wait down
Alright
Can you do it or well excuse me I was just putting this thing out here
I'm putting out a thing
What do we got?
985, oh in this segment we might go over a thousand during this segment
You ready to strap yourself in
Wow
Guess who won the Sydney Peace Prize
I don't know
Cindy Sheen
Hans Wicks
You have any idea how?
Hans Wicks busy I am
If that isn't one of the greatest movies in the UK
In the United Kingdom of America
Just think about it makes you just build your life right
I like Baldwin
And that Damon
Forget about my Damon
Fag
So I got to watch it again this week
Yeah I just said
It can be the press put in the theme of America world
You'll just paint your face
All over the floor
Swedish diplomat Hans Wicks
Chairman of the UN weapons and managed destruction commission has been awarded
The 2007 Sydney Peace Prize
The Sydney Peace Foundation which announced the award this morning said Dr. Wicks
was the unanimous choice of the prize jury
The citation reads
Hans Wicks for a principal and courageous opposition to proponents of war in Iraq for
lifelong advocacy of humanitarian law and non-violence
And for leadership of the summer and programs to rid the world of weapons of terror
Dr. Wicks
The former chief UN weapons inspector declared in 2004 that the war in Iraq was illegal
Illegal baby
Illegal
In 2003 said Iraq had probably been stirring all its weapons and managed destruction in the early 1990s
The jury for the Sydney Peace Prize has made about seven community leaders from diverse fields including
Business, Media, and Academia
Who assessed the merits of an individual organization to promote peace and justice
I'm sorry, who promote the individual organization if it's a right
Although it's spelled here with an S because this is from the Sydney Morning Hero
And just like the Brits you know how the Brits spread all their stupid crap all around the world
And Canada Australia
Well there's that plain emergency landing on its nose again
And it's just the
Tool of the Long Nair and just comes to a halt in Tampa
Aren't you pleased with that?
Yeah whatever
What, well it's on to be heard
That's right
It was an accident nobody got heard
Including the dog
Alan Cameron chairman of the Sydney Peace Foundation says it's highly relevant that
In the 10th anniversary year of the Sydney Peace Prize
The jury focused on universal disarmament as a major peace issue
Dr. Bricks was a liberty, Sydney and Pidney uh uh the city
When I say Pidney the Pidney of Whitney
The City of Sydney Peace Prize lecture in November 7th and Sydney who received the prize at a gala dinner and awards ceremony
To the following night
The Sydney Peace Foundation's a non-profit organization created a 1998 with the University of Sydney
And Hans Britz gets it
One of the people that told the truth and for telling the truth they smeared and smeared him baby
They smeared him pretty good
Good thing he was the only one
Yeah like Scott Witter and anybody else who did speak the truth
93 in that poll
Now who wrote this?
Oh this is John Nichols about the Bush and Carter
Who's afraid of Jimmy Carter?
George Bush
How touchy is the Bush administration about criticism?
Very touchy indeed especially if the source of that criticism is a certain former president
John Nichols be saying
When Jimmy Carter who's approval rate he's worked those in George Bush these days gets to talk about what he's doing
So what's wrong with the current president?
The White House spin machine goes into overdrive and Carter has been talking
He told the conservative Arkansas Democrat newspaper Saturday that I think as far as the adverse impact on the nation around the world
This administration has been the worst in history suggesting that the president has presided over an overt reversal of America's basic values
Carter drew a clear line of distinction between the current Bush policies and those of another Bush who's occupied the Oval Office
former president George Herbert Walker Bush
Another crook
With his misguided approach to the war in Iraq Carter said Bush made a radically parcher from all previous administration policies including those of the president's father
We now have endorsed the concept of preemptive war we go to war with another nation militarily
Even though our insecurity is not directly threatened if we want to change the regime there
Or if we fear that sometime in the future our security might be endangered explain Carter
Who's long been a critic of the Bush administration but whose comments in recent days have been particularly pointed
You go Jimmy
Another interview late last week with the BBC Carter effectively referred to outgoing British Prime Minister Tony Blair as Bush's portal
Carter criticized Blair's blind supporter Bush's war in Iraq suggesting that the British Prime Minister had been subservient to the American president
Noting that Blair is almost un-vvrating alleged allegiance to Bush's Middle East dogmas had done much to legitimize them and precisely the time when they should have been challenged
Carter argued that the Prime Minister had promoted the ill-advised policies of Bush in a rack of an immediate tragedy for the world
Unless there be any doubt about his assessment of Blair's contribution to global stability
The Nobel Peace Prize winner termed the Prime Minister's failure to counter Bush's Messianic March the war abominable
Abominable I like that
Kind of like that email I read before was an abomination for this station
It's difficult to argue with Carter not just on the basis of his stanchor but on the basis of his astute read of the current circumstance
And that's what scares the Bush White House
When a well-regarded former president gets specific about the current President's dramatic failures
And about the damage that someone four meters aligned with Bush this and metal White House gets tense
So the President's aides are hitting back with all the muscle that can muster at Carter
I think it's sad that President Carter's reckless personal criticism is out there right for White House folks of Antony Frodo
is part of unusually bitter and specific response issue yesterday from Bush's compound and Crawford, Texas
As in Kushner and Texas
In what the Associated Press correctly referred to as a biting rebuke, Froidos set of Carter's observations
I think it's unfortunate and I think he's proving to be increasingly irrelevant with these kinds of comments
The irony is that there's nothing unfortunate about Carter's remarks for the U.S. by making it perfectly clear that Americans are unsettled by their President's reckless disregard for the rule of law
On common sense at home in abroad, Carter helps to separate Bush from our American the eyes of the world which is a very very good thing for the American people
Of course, in the Bush White House isn't attacking Carter's comments on the merit rather than the attack boils down to what suggests
And then even though they represent a rare example of a former President bluntly criticizing a sitting President, Carter's remarks are of little or no consequence
What is fascinating is that the White House has been in the Carter was increasingly irrelevant by going out of its way to attack him on one of the current President's many days of rest
It seems that if Carter was really as irrelevant as the Bush White House would have us believe, the President's aides wouldn't be attacking the former President such immediate and aggressive terms
The truth is that Carter is relevant, perhaps now so more than ever
Even as Bush's fortunes decline the need of descending votes as voices is great and Carter's descents go to the very heart of the darkness that this administration has brought down upon the U.S.A.
For a body politic story in need of the tonic of truth, Jimmy Carter's comments aren't just relevant, they're in a sense they're essential to a renewal of a country in a plan badly battered by the madness of a 21st century king George, to which I said
I'm so moving, correct sir
You go, John, John Nichols, stuck right to a man just like Jimmy Carter
And of course the media, but it booted up on the nation there, you know, with a big giaquoft here talking a lot of crap about who's advancing with the stars
How are we doing on it, the thousand votes by the way? Chris, you're right on it
99, baby, you need to repress, brother, huh? You need to repress
Yeah, I do, let me go and get some right car, thousand votes
And what did I tell you about it? First, when we sat down here and confedulated at 10 o'clock at 10 o'clock this morning
I said we haven't got a trinement chance again to a thousand votes, if we get it today, I'm getting the Sydney and the Nobel Prize for being a schmuck for working for these bastards
And we got a thousand now
Of course this is like not a pool, it's like a survey, right?
Exactly, it has to do with pools but nevertheless
Well some of it has, well I guess all of it has to do with, no, no, most
What do I know about such things? Only what I've heard
How would you describe your sexual orientation on the scale of 1 to 6 where 1 is completely straight? 6 is completely gay, not so straight
1, 680, 68%, 680, out of a thousand
Kind of easy to figure the percentage is when you have a thousand votes, ain't it?
Even you can do that
Well, 131 say there are two, mostly straight, almost completely but once in a while they maybe slip up a little bit
They feel like hand in their pantaloonies and they thought it was somehow a chick but it's oh it's some hot guy
Or Luke Warm Guy, maybe it's just Luke
56, say, 6, 5.6% gay, completely
Absolutely, 43 say a 3 by so that's 4.3%, 9.9%
Oh, it's under 10% I lied
I'm a Catholic priest who's not in 31, I don't even know what that's on there, who sent this pool?
So I, right, some different guy
I'm looking at it right now, it's got a different header in the whole deal, that's good
Not that we don't appreciate Charlie B's polls, he must not have sent any good ones today because he never sent any to me
Oh, I forgot, it's one good one here, I forgot to send it to the machine
Well, don't be, stick it in that machine, man
20 people said there were five which means almost exclusively gay but once in a while they get stuck into like a booby trap
12 people said it varies by the day, 10 people said they're asexual, eh?
Not for them, they don't, and now interest, maybe they just don't have the equipment
7 people said there were four, 5 people I'm not really sure, and 5 people said it varies by the hour
The hour of power, time for that shower, and by the way we need to do the body wash thing again, you know
I think there's a lot of people out there slipping up and using soap
Oh, cute
Slip it on the soap, slipping on the soap
I'm telling you, man, soap went out with knickers and high, high butt, what word did you say?
Which word did I say that was supposed to be, I didn't hear any of it
So, knickers now
I said knickers, you idiot, Jesus Christ
What an ocean provocative little stick man
They want us to find a way
Trouble makers
How you hold, is it that?
She's a spoiled rich child who needs someone to love
Now I know what you're thinking, that's gang deserves to be thrown in jail
Or just looking at her makes me want to wash my hands
But at the save the spoiled rich children's fun, we see things a little differently
Paris and other talent free Hollywood starlets and singer wannabes
Are ready spirit
Are human beings, and they need your help
For a dollar a day, less than a pack of cigarettes or a cocktail
You can make a difference in a young, bent, bet's life
When you join the Save This Foyle Rich Children's Fun
You'll get a not a graph date by 10 mug shot
A weekly report on how she's doing in jail or rehab
Unless she both rehab
And a copy of her latest CD if anyone ever gives her another record deal
And with Save This Foyle Rich Children's Fun
You know you're dealing with the most respected charity in the world
That deals with spoiled rich children
Holding one quarter of the money we raise goes in part
To help these unfortunate of gothish and ladies
Live your long hand
So please give the gift of hope
With the save the spoiled rich children's fun
As Paris would say, that's hot
Uh, 18 at 5.60 and I'm not, that's what you would say
Just like I would say, that's hot and I'm not
10.12 on the 4.012 votes
Well, I'm just, I don't know what to say about it
So the less said the better I guess
Right
Like you're governor
Yeah
Governor Charlie Criskin, the elections challenge Palm Beach County today
That's what the story in the Sun Central says
Elections challenge Palm Beach County
Otherwise they can hold that
They can do it right if you're hello
I was the up there, uh, don't ask
To sign into log two far reaching measures that eliminate electronic voting
And make the state's presidential primary among the earliest in the nation
One law does the way the touch screen voting in 15 counties
Including Palm Beach County and Broward and replaces it with paper trail ballots
The change will be an effect by the fall of 2008 and won't that be great
Maybe we can get the butterfly ballot again
With Teresa Lupor
How come she's not on death row, huh?
Yeah
Right in the foundation of our democracy is our cherished right to vote cigarette
Yeah, I want you to stop to think about this
All the people who participated in the fixing of the 2000 election
I mean the two four election, the 2.04, uh, you know, higher we know about that
But the people who put Bush in in 2000 including these supreme those people ought to be on death row for crimes against the nation
Because all these dead people all this bloodshed that America's got on their hands
Is because of these people putting this this lunatic into this butcher this maniac
The foundation of our democracy is our cherished right to vote
The Christ who was flanked by US representative Bobby Wexler, Democrat of Bucke, a good guy
Bobby Wexler who fought more than four years for paper trail of ballots
Chris signed to be Hey Charlie through fairy
signed to Bill of Palm Beach County Supervisor of elections office
out of the 2000 presidential election meltdown
where the judge had the eye to the sky
How could anybody who lived through that ever forget it
He's looking at the hole, you know, I've seen guys look at a hole with the eye popping out
You know what I mean? No?
No?
Yeah, you do
No?
No?
In the other bill, Florida's 2008 presidential primary is now on January 29
Wow, the new date is behind only the Iowa and Nevada caucuses
And the New Hampshire primary and on the same day is South Carolina's Democratic primary
Nothing will be finer than stand out of South Carolina
Believe me, it's a Schmidt hole
Florida has by far the largest population of any of the early voting states
at Virginia where it is the most expensive in which the campaign
giving well-funded candidates an even greater advantage
and possibly wrong attention away from the smaller states
Good. Who cares about those people in the small states?
Hubman Dread.
Is that what John Edwards said?
Yeah, twice.
This is going to require the serious candidates to spend very, very large amounts of money
in time in Florida said moral black, a public's professor at the Emory University and Atlanta
If you can't compete in Florida, that's going to be a sign you're not a serious contender
Chris to be publicant and gay
And other states you believe is VARGOOD Florida's diversity in size merit
more influence in deciding the nations leadership that delegate rich states
decided to be disputed 2000 presidential election as we all know
and I want to shed a tear right now, I want to cry
Another good reason to get there a lot of there
If it's screwed up, it's in Florida, you know that
We may not be the first in the nation but we're at the forefront
Chris said after signing the bill will be the first megastate to weigh in on the next leader of the free world
He said, oh yeah
And the Florida Supreme Court said keep counting those votes
and the US Supreme Court, all those right wing appointees said stop the vote baby
We got the man, the man is in, where the fix is in
Including your course, one of the most anxious of the law, clearance token freaking Thomas, okay?
What about Jackass?
Thousand nineteen votes in the appell
I just keep giving it a direct, because I'm not going to be there several more time for the end of the show
Because it's too confusing with those numbers
Yeah, I think what it boils down to is if you see a good number, grab it
You know, I'm in a lot of pressure like in some monogamous voting vote ship and you're very seriously familiar with that
And you, what do you laugh at about?
I'm sorry
And you think you won't get caught, see you didn't know I say finish
Madagamous relationship is what cracked me up as if
As if what?
As if anybody's in one of those
That's just, that's mean
That's what's happening
It's true, I mean yeah
But it's mean
A lot of people pretending to be
There you go, that's good, I like the other way
At least it's good intentions, okay?
Yeah, I had massive intentions, I don't know, oh god
Not even
Not in your case, no
Okay, and that's why you're hidden so much in home
And who says he's, you don't even have the best of intentions, much less common
I don't know, I do have the best of intentions
Yeah, for something else
For yourself
I'll get some bad news about the drug companies killing more people now
It's not good
Black so Smith Klein is time
A new analization
They reported the widely prescribed diabetes drug of Andia
Is linked to a greater risk of heart attack and possibly death
I'm dying on my hands
All right
More than six million people worldwide have taken the drug sold by London-based Black so Smith Klein
Since it came on a market eight years ago
Poor results of dozens of studies revealed a 45% higher risk of heart attack
According to the analization published online by the New England Journal of Medicine
And the conference called today Black so's chief of diabetes drug development doctor Lawson McCartney said
The analization is not definitive scientific proof
The company's not seeing anything like the risk reported the medical journal he said
Now of course you know Cino evil, here no evil and whatever, how does that go?
Monkey's a flip that
Monkey do
We remain very confident in the safety and course of the efficacy of a van be as an important diabetic medicine
He said otherwise we're going to lose our ass is what he really meant
The USF the year had no immediate comment on today's New England Journal report on a van deal
I'm just passing this along because there may be people out there taking a van deal
And you might want to go to your doctor and say are you really going to kill me with this crap or what?
And then I'll give you a duty look and then you'll have a heart attack and croak
The company stock was down seven percent in morning trading after the medical journals report appeared
The report on the risks of the diabetes drug follow Black so is two and a half million dollar settlement of a lawsuit filed by
former New York attorney general Elliott Spitzer over the release of that on the safety and effectiveness of its drugs
Spitzer now the governor of New York thank God, he's a good guy I think why can't he be present? That's where he's Jewish
Oi!
He'd be good
You know like how he's spitzer like him just fine, he's fine, I mean he's no Bill Richardson
I mean Bill Richardson is okay too, but only in our Barack Obama
You'll see, you'll see you skeptics out there, it's only the 21st of May
You'll see they've come toward the ass end of the year when things start getting really serious
Oven will pass swallowing like she's just delayed out in the prone position
Spitzer now governing New Yorker, he was a glass of a fraudulent leave with holding some results in studies that examined the safety of prescribing the antidepressant
Paxil to children
Black so it's mid-clined, it's been that attempted mislead anyone and said it's always been in favor of widespread disclosure of clinical trial results
Oven is used to treat tyctude diabetes, the most common form of the disease
You know it's a damn good thing that I don't take that, I take a metformum which is like what is it?
Glignia is, libyride
Which also is not all that good but at least I'm still alive you know it
Now you're not too happy about it because if I could quote tomorrow, I guess I'd be in a green
What?
Well I haven't put in there yet, don't get me stirred on normal Kent, okay?
I don't want to call him
No, don't even yet
Well no, I want to take care of that business, I've got a couple of pieces of business to take care of in regard to that
But I don't want to talk to her
Because I'm so, he was supposed to talk to your close fat fat ass personal buddy Joe Bell last Monday
Here it is Monday the 21st of week later, have I heard a word?
No
Except about Jerry Falwell died, which we had on the hour half hour before he told me
Norma, do you ferry?
Pathetic, just just pathetic
I'm out there under limb, I'm hanging by a leaf, by a maple leaf and he's like, yeah, but a bit of a moop but about Jerry Falwell died
How do you like my gay newspaper?
He's always got some other, it's either an online Fag newspaper or an offline gay newspaper or one eight-year wipe-year
Either one something, you know
Esmeran agent baby, let me tell you, you're doing a heck of a job, he's like brownie brown
Fendi helped sensitize the body to win some was considered a breakthrough medication for blood sugar control
Several experts said that Fendi was another viacx like example of US government failing to detect a safety problem
Till after millions of people had taken the drugs, how do you like that?
Don't, don't, yes, soon now that just because the drug companies are making Zidians dollars off killing you people
That they're doing it for money, but of course they are
1027 on the pool, there is a Bill Richardson, how many people do you think the who Bill Richardson really is?
I don't know
Third man, that was generous
And there's look at that Lou dobs who are on the middle class, let's kill some illegal aliens for Lou dobs baby and for Jesus
Alright, let's go get them, come on, let's go get them
How young is too young?
About third man
Jim LaGrieby's ex was bitter
Said she never had a clue
You're fair
Even in his body glitter
He knew like she never knew
She married an eight-show limbo
Sexual man, he's a gay American
The dean of
Never knew why she'll have his brown sand
Said she always looked delicious
And everything was fine and bad
But she should have been suspicious
Sometimes when they may love be called with red
She married an eight-show limbo
Sexual man, he's a gay American
And dean of
This should be why your homie love Barbara's dry sand
When she told a brother story
A brother he was gay
He seemed a better fit for more Ian
Only thing missing was the DNA
She married an eight-show limbo
Sexual man, he's a gay American
The dean of
Now you know why he went camping with his close friends
Stand you married an eight-show limbo
You're fairing
Sexual man, he's a gay American
And use the dress like
Peter Pan because he's a gay American
1037 on a pool, 1037 boats
It's not too bad, I'll tell you what we start with about six
All right, wasn't too good, start kind of shabby
133 a QAM and next Monday's Memorial Day
Georgia beyond next Monday for those people who want to call in and bust his boss
Could you be taking calls Monday, I'm sure
A couple out of no
I might just take one or two now, let's see
There's one, there's one not two
Where is it, what line?
Six, oh six, could my thing is coming on, QAM hello
Hello
Yes sir
Yeah, I wanted to ask the question
I heard a little bit of the part of the abandoned stuff
That Neil was talking about
Did I take a bandia?
Did I miss what he said at the beginning?
Could you tell me what he said?
It said that it gives causing a heart attack and things like that
I would ask your doctor about it if he can change it to something else
Yeah, I am, that's what I wanted to know
That's why I called
I've heard your doctor right now and called him a butcher and say give me on something else
Okay
Okay, good luck to you, Pally
Thank you
Okay, see there you go, I gave along some useful information
Maybe we'll save this guy's life
Or maybe he'll stop taking the abandoned as a butcher
Or go skyrocketing, you know, like that
What do you think?
Whatever
He'll be fine, okay?
Just talk to the doctor and say hey doctor, how about giving me some other fill?
Doctor, whatever you want
You guys are all killers for it's what?
The doctor would never steer you wrong
Are you right?
Unless of course he was getting maybe some free trips in the car or something like that
WQAM, hello
Baba Bui
WQAM, this is just a test
QAM, hello
Check it, we're interested
WQAM, hello
QAM, hola
You're gonna choose a QAM we own blood
WQAM, hello
WQAM, hello
Yeah, I received a call you mentioned my name on the air
Yeah, we said A-hole
Yeah
And last and probably least
Hi
There you go, okay, I'm sure we're gonna shut that back off
What?
What?
No, I'm old reliable there, he's like old faithful
Is there any doubt about it?
No
What we have three or four of the old faithfuls
I was surprised that he was the last
There were not a first one
Just like Dave Friedman, aka Lyle is out there
He can send all the emails, he can make up all the stories
He can kidnap that occurring, guess who?
Speaking of people that keep checking in
Guess who checked in a couple minutes ago, Johnny G
Oh, just to make sure
Now with a message, he said, oh, I, he sent me a picture of a rose
A comic
Oh, I've proved it no problem, a rose
About how he knew I always loved him, Baba Bui
Just stay away, Johnny, okay?
Just stay away, I don't have any problem with a comment
With a flower, with a rose, a pansy, whatever, a daffodil, lilacs
Just stay the hell away
There's so many emotional cripples, you know, get on there
I mean, I'm an emotional cripple, but at least I admit it
At least I admit it, I don't pretend to be like stable
And like mature and like an adult, I'm like an overgrown child
Are we all?
Yes, and then that's a good part
1047, I'm gonna pull this candy cally on scene
I have, I mean, if you take it
Oh my god, I'll tell you one thing
She must be a great, I don't pay any attention to what she says
Because I can't get beyond the way she looks, you know what I mean?
Yep
She'd be good on radio
Like me, you know, some people have a face and a body for radio
And some for TV, she definitely does not belong on TV, candy cally
Who is she talking about?
Oh, there's Bill Richardson again, they're making a big sense
He's focusing on his Hispanic roots
And better be, but it will put him up
Is he got any chance?
No
None
Although that wouldn't be a bad ticket
A Barack Obama for president and the Bill Richardson for VP
It wouldn't be bad
Alright, what do you think? I'll take it
I'll vote right now, I think I got my vote for it
Even loves Neil Rogers
Oh my god, I think this is going to the prom
What's wrong?
He does something different with your hair since the prom
Before she knew prom, I tried to wear style and eyebrows until the end of the night
Someone has to do it, but he simply needs a date to the prom
Still stinks and wears like prom flowers
Well, she's looking like a star and she's cruising to the high school prom now
Your fond date is a ho-girl?
The Frenchie stole some length of Burma Daddy's cabinet and she's vom now
Your honey wine and your de-you
And with her date in the car, she's spread to legs
Just as fast as she can now
And she'll have fun, fun, fun
Till her daddy finds out she got lame
Honey, fun, fun
Till her daddy finds out she got lame
Well, instead of the prom, they both decided to get in the backseat now
I got sex right here
And her date kinda likes it because she's wearing an easily removed gown
Make it touching, kissing
And when he's at his way, the next day, her name will be all over her desk
What's or not?
And she'll have fun, fun, fun
Till her daddy finds out she got lame
Honey, fun, fun
Till her daddy finds out she got lame
Isn't that interesting?
Someone has to have some old hearts and the night of my life
If their son is going to leave, it's like, anyway, way to go, but it makes him look like a real man
But if their daughter is getting ready, like, oh, geez, you're more as a shotgun
Let me find that son of a bitch, you know like that
Right
Kind of a separate set of stands, which I'm sure you're practicing on already
Even though you deny, you know, oh no, she's a, you know, I deny what?
Oh, here's the diabetes drug
A vandia may increase the risk of heart attack
A study by the Cleveland Clinic found the drug increased the risk of heart attack by 43%
And increased the risk of death from heart problems by 64%
Whoa!
More than 6 million people worldwide have taken that
I'm dying over here!
There you go
You're drug companies that work again
We're working like going to make a lot of money and kill you at the same time
And of course rape you too with the ridiculous charges
Yes
You're going to get raped and then killed
But other than that, you'll have a good time
Popping a few pills
1556 votes on the pool
Let's take a puke at it
We'll gain try to analyze it and see what they're saying
All right
Try to finger it out
How would you describe your sexual orientation on a skill from 1 to 6
Where 1 is full on straight, completely straight, and 6 is completely not so straight
Yay
719 said 1
68%
Completely straight
100%
No, you know, no hanky spanky man
138 people said it too, which means mostly straight
Like pretty much to generally speaking, but you know, who knows
59 said it 6
That's 5.5% said they're completely gay
45 said it 3, which is why
Yeah, those two together got 9.7%.
Almost 10%. Like you said
See, when it was over 10% was like I said, but now it's 9.7% so it's like you said
That's about 8.5%
It can't be 15 who knows, and if people were honest, maybe 20
Get out here
20% of people are gay
Ish, what's sitting here? You're living in a man
I want to know where that is
You must be 50%
You must be hanging out on church street in Toronto, eh?
Or anywhere downtown
Let's see, 21 people said a 5, which is mostly gay
But once in a great while they'll make an exception
Make it look good I guess
12 people said it varies by the day
11 people said I'm asexual
How's it going? A sexual? 11
You really believe that?
No, I mean what does that mean?
Well, exactly, I don't think those people know what that means
Well, a lot of people are very confused
As we get toward the ass end of this thing, there seems to be some confusion
9 people said they were 4
5 people said I'm not really sure
See, I'm not buying that, okay, I'm not really sure
And 5 people said it varies by the hour
Now that's more likely
In other words, they'll, anybody who will get closer to them, even like, breathe on them
They'll do it, anything you want, what do you want? I'll do it
It varies by the hour
But I'm not really sure, I mean, what is that?
And what age are you sure? Like 16, 17?
You tell us
10?
All right then
I'm just telling you for me, I mean there was no doubt
But I'm just not saying what? Huh?
Chasing girls around before I even knew why
Or what I was going to do when I caught them
Yeah
And what did you do when you caught them? What we don't want, we don't want to get into that
That's just going to be fun
Yeah, no
Steven Zulin's rights
I don't have, this is a very long article, it's on our nearrogears.com
Israelis from across the political spectrum
And boldened by the interim report from the government's Wino-Grade Commission
Which investigated Israel's ill-fated assault on Lebanon, lesbian on
Our expressing regrets over last summer's conflict with their northern neighbor
Upper over the way a relatively minor border incident managed to escalate into a full-scale war
Is leading demands for Prime Minister Olmer's resignation
And other top government officials under pressure are stepping down
Meanwhile, the US Congress lead as a both parties and not only still defending Israel's decision to go to war
But its conduct to the war as well
During the five weeks of fighting, 119 Israeli soldiers and 43 Israeli civilians were killed
It was the Lebanese who suffered the most, massive Israeli bombardments
Sturked lives of more than 1,100 people, the vast majority of whom were innocent civilians
And caused more than $3.5 billion in damage to the country's civilian infrastructure
And widespread environmental damage
Yet Congress continues to justify last summer's widespread attacks on civilian targets
By the US supplied as ready to vent forces
By claiming that, as well, the Lebanese civilian population is human shields
thereby seeking to protect America's closest Middle East ally from its moral and legal responsibility for its war crimes
For example, April 25th, the House of Representatives passed by a near unanimous voice
Voday resolution claiming that throughout the summer of 2006, conflict with the state of Israel,
Hezbollah forces utilized human shields to protect themselves from counter-retaxed by Israeli forces
In defense of the Bush administration's kind of racial backing of Israel's 35-day assault on Lebanon
The Democratic let House-Sided President Bush's claim that Hezbollah terrorists used Lebanese civilians as human shields
Sacrificing the innocent in an effort to protect themselves from Israeli response
And Secretary of State kind of leads a righteous assertion that Hezbollah and its sponsors have brought devastation upon the people of Lebanon exploiting them as human shields
In an effort to make the case that it was Lebanese, not the Israeli armed forces responsible for the deaths of hundreds of Lebanese civilians
The resolution goes so far as to claim that the majority of civilian casualties of the conflict might have been avoided
And civilian lives saved had Hezbollah not employed this tactic
The problem is that none of these claims appear to be true
Investigations by independent human rights groups during last summer's fighting did not find clear evidence
that Hezbollah deliberately used civilians to shield their personnel or equipment from Israeli strikes
For example, a detailed study published at the end of the fighting in August by Human Rights Watch reported they found no cases none
In which Hezbollah deliberately used civilians as shields to prevent them from retaliatory idea for attack
Similarly, amnesty international while documented report published November observed
While the presence of Hezbollah fighters and short-range weapons within civilian areas is not contested
This is itself not a conclusive evidence of intent to use civilians as human shields
Any more than the presence of Israeli soldiers in a kaboots is in itself evidence of the same war crime
In any case, the vast majority of Israeli strikes in civilian areas were nowhere near Hezbollah military activity
As Human Rights Watch noted, and dozens of attacks is ready for us as struck an area with no apparent military target
In some cases, the timing and intensity of the attack, the absence of a military target as well as we turn strikes on a rescue or suggest
that the Israeli forces deliberately targeted civilians
Similarly, amnesty international reported that Israeli forces carried out indiscriminate and disproportionate attacks on a large scale including those on civilian infrastructure
and directed attacks on civilian objects
Furthermore, they reported that these attacks seem to have been aimed at inflicting a form of collective punishment on lesbian-ons people
And that based on the available evidence and the absence of an adequate or any explanation from the Israeli authorities for so many attacks by their forces causing civilian deaths and destruction
When no evidence of Hisbela military activities was apparent, it seems clear that Israeli forces consistently failed to adopt necessary precautionary measures
Though subsequent investigations have only reconfirmed that large numbers of Indian casualties were the result of actions by the government of Israel not Hezbollah,
Representative Gary Ackerman, Democrat in New York, in a debate on the House of the April 25 insisted that the key reason that civilian areas were destroyed was the cynical strategy of Hezbollah guerrillas to states of attacks from the middle of towns and residential areas
And that the losses of civilian life in Lebanon was due solely to Hezbollah's cruel and uncivilized use of civilian areas as military bases
In other words, Israel'd be good, everybody else'd be bad. Gary Ackerman got it, as long as we remember that, we'll get along just there you go
When Representative Dennis Kassinitz raised concerned about Israel's use of cluster bombs since civilian areas which have led to the deaths of scores of lesbian-y children both during and subsequent last summer's fighting
Representative Ackerman responded by insisting that these dangerous anti-personal weapons were used in self-defense
Despite Ackerman's eagerness to defend and cover up for war crimes by this important Middle Eastern ally of the U.S., the Democrats have elected in chairman of the important House of Committee on the Middle East
And indicative that the new majority party shares the Republican counterparts lack of respect for international humanitarian law
It's a long article, it goes on, I can read the whole thing but then we'd be in the middle of the two to three hour mad dog. Well, mad dog, I'm sure we're coming on.
Or not.
Okay.
What do you think of that pool of Charlie be the favorite theme song from the 60s TV sitcom? What do you think of that?
Is that too old?
No, that sounds fine.
I mean, we did the 70s one that went over really as big as Halibut and Saudi Arabia.
For example, here's the list of shows he's got. I mean, everybody knows these shows right because they see them on what? What do they see them on?
Nickelodeon?
Yeah, Nick at night TV land, things like that.
Favorite theme song from the 60s TV? We got them all.
Yeah, we.
Adam's family. Andy Griffiths Hill Beverly Hill believes be which Dick Van Dyke show F-Troup, what are the F-stood for?
Family affair.
The first one's the flying nun.
Get smart. Gigid. Gilligan's Island. Gomer's Piles. Green acres. Hazel. Here's Lucy.
Here's Lucy. I guess there was a here's Lucy. Yes, there was. Well, excuse me.
Hogan's heroes. I'd be Majini. The Jetsons leave it to me. Ver. Michele's Navy. Mr. Ed.
The monkeys. The monsters. My favorite Martian. My three sons.
Petico Junction and that girl.
Now, why do I always give confused? It was what's your name?
What's her name? My three sons. What was his name?
What was who? Who's name?
Phara Fawcett is who he was a bangin.
Okay. Whoever that guy was on my three. Now, the fact I can't remember that, that's a bad sign.
I remember Uncle Charlie. Yeah.
You know, Demoriston, Bill, right?
But I can't think of the name of Robbie. Was his character on the show.
Okay. And he was a doing Phara Fawcett. That's before she was in that burning bed and got all beaten up and bloodied.
And we always call it the bed. That's not the right movie.
Well, there's two different ones. She did one called the burning bed.
But the one that you're thinking of where she locked the guy in the...
In the fireplace. Fireplaces. Not like that. That's called...
And she was scratching like the...
The flood in his eye.
That's prey in his eyes and stuff.
Yeah.
What's her call?
I'll find it.
Oh, Google Phara Fawcett, we run it out of time.
If I can't think of Don Grady, is that his name?
That's our Grady.
Thank God for me, Boy.
Thank God for that brain. It's still functioning not much.
Not much, Jolly Joe. Not much, Joyce.
Extremities. Extremities.
And who was the guy that was in it and played? He was good.
One moment, please.
James Russo.
James Russo. He was the guy in the fireplace.
And he was off. Yeah.
He pissed off and fired off.
It's David.
Oh, good Miami Town.
Grady had five six old WQL.
Ain't no parts sounds anymore.
Ain't no parts sounds like before.
Ain't no parts sounds anymore.
The sun's thinking corporate hope.
Name Joyce took them away.
I can't say.
Now.
I'll be cause of some bitch down.
Just to bring the ratings down.
She don't want me around.
And that's why she took them away.
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she
blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows and she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows,
Absolutely.
Bye, bye, bye!
