Friday, you play Steve.
If your toothpaste doesn't taste great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar buildup.
The solution, regular checkups, and brushing with new crust, but tartar control toothpaste laced with crack cocaine.
Hey, Shawn, almost got in there!
Wushing get lost, bushing!
Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive.
See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush and brush.
God, Billy, it's been 45 minutes!
Bushing!
Bushing, Bushing, Bushing!
If you're not careful, you're gonna wear those teeth down to little leaven.
Oh god no!
Crust, son!
Almost got a crust!
Cook your kids on a healthy habit for life, brushing with new crust with crack cocaine.
Sure, I'm gonna be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing.
Get out, man, this is a car jacking!
Billy, what are you doing?
I sit out!
Billy, where are you going?
Got a molecular to get one crust!
New crust toothpaste laced with crack cocaine, recommended by 9 out of 10 drug addicts.
And yes, what I got in my hand right now, I got my...
Chew of crust, I pressed.
Yeah, you're gonna be brushing, brushing, brushing, brushing.
I don't know, I went and bought this yesterday, a brand new...
Chew!
And this is with scope extreme, crust extreme, with forest at, whatever that means.
This is crested cinnamon ice, and you know what?
Is it nice?
It looks almost good enough to like, mmmm, oh yeah, the lish.
I think I'm just gonna brush my teeth on the oral, and when you look for the ingredients, remember I said that it used to tell us...
Well, somebody used to, you know, that crack when you were a kid, they made toothpaste out of garbage.
Who said, I don't know, they used to say that, whoever they are, you know.
My mother was always saying, well you know what they say, and I'd say who are they?
Well, I don't know, but that's what they say.
Everybody says that.
But anyway, there's no ingredients, the only thing it lists is the medicinal ingredient, fluoride, 0.11%, sodium fluoride.
And then that's it.
It doesn't have any other list of ingredients on here, so maybe there is garbage in your tutelabii.
But anyway, the good news is it says it's not from China, distributed by, or distributed by, that doesn't necessarily mean manufactured by, is it?
Not necessarily, but, proctoring gamble, traumatic material.
Oh, thank god, thank the Lord, this isn't from China.
That Chinese tutelabii with whatever that crack is that we're reading about yesterday.
Oh, I should have won a poison.
This is cinnamon ice, and sounds awfully nice, and I think I might just have this for lunch.
I got news for you, I've actually got no carbs.
Right?
I'm so excited I saw that.
See, I'm on the air.
The OJ, two bads, what an unfortunate name.
I mean, retrospect, I think, came along long before OJ ever killed those people, and before OJ McDuffie was polluting the airways across the street and then on this station.
He worked over there, so he must belong over here.
That's the mentality, just like toast was over there, and now he's over here, like Mo would say.
I was thinking that we missed our calling.
We could have called him back when he was still wearing that nasty piece before I reversed him out of it.
He could have been a crappy headed Mo.
That's a good idea.
Right?
Absolutely.
And our crappy headed Mo.
I got some very exciting news here today, and I'm going to do a holiday show.
Because I'm not going to do a holiday show all that you do that.
Well, you know, I haven't done one of these in a long time.
Play a lot of bits today, stuff we haven't heard in a long time, like that, cross toothpaste.
Well, I do it with my crest.
With my cinnamon, don't eat toothpaste, by the way, in fact, it says on here.
It says, uh, do not, where is it?
Don't have this for lunch.
Maybe for breakfast a little bit.
I thought there was like a warning on here.
Do not eat too much on it.
I guess not.
I guess it's okay for lunch and breakfast.
The osmins are going to be reuniting this summer for a TV special celebrating a half a century,
the entertainment business, seven osman siblings, Alan Wayne, Mirol J, Donnie Marie, and Jimmy.
What, no harpo?
Groucho, and Demo.
Our schedule to be on stage August 13th and 14th at the Orleans Hotel Showroom,
publicist Kevin Sasaki said, yes, they're from LA.
Tickets for the live shows ran from $75 to $125.
I got news for it.
I mean, you know, not that I dislike them or anything, but I wouldn't pay 75 cents to go see the osmins.
Would you?
Unless they were Niagara Falls like this weekend, it falls you.
But what if they sing puppy love?
No.
The shows will be taped for the osmins 50th anniversary, which airs next March on PBS stations 50th anniversary,
then can you imagine how old they must be?
Jesus, do a Google on it, see how old Donnie osmins is.
All right, do it.
How many years ago was that that I had him on my show on the IOD?
You weren't even there yet, so it's got to be.
Oh, long time ago, 20 years.
Close to it, 18 years.
So he was like, yeah, he's old.
God is healed.
At first, it was just a tribute to my brothers, but it came together as a celebration of everybody.
It's out of control, Jimmy Osmo, producer of the special set.
It's out of control.
Right, a Jimmy, I think, year out of control.
December 9th, 1957.
57, so that makes him, uh, 49.
Almost 50 and 49 and a half.
Doesn't that, doesn't that tell you when you get a note that you're going to be getting really, really old when Donnie osman is 50?
Holy moly.
It surprised me like Robbie Benson is 110.
Oh, brother.
Don't get old, folks.
That's my best advice to all you young whippersauppers out there under the age of 100.
Don't ever get old.
Look at George, man.
George was old before his time.
He had sure.
You had gray here ever since I know you, practically.
I started when I was 17 getting gray.
And by the way, don't feel yanta.
All right, I won't.
We started so young.
You think 50 years means we're a bunch of old guys.
Jimmy said we aren't a bunch of old guys.
Noting the family members perform frequently before audiences both young and old.
Like Wade Newton, young and old.
The Humper said the way Newton is really, really puts on a hell of a show.
I don't want to see it and I don't want to hear about it.
Well, I got a new screensaver here on my, uh, how do I get rid of it?
I don't want it on there now.
What do you want to do?
Get rid of it altogether or, um, no, I just want to get rid of it.
Now it's got all these tropical fish and stuff.
Well, just move the mouse.
I am moving the mouse in the screensaver isn't going away.
That's the point.
I don't mean don't you think I know that?
Get out of here with that.
There you go.
So really neat thing to it's got like tropical fish.
These are not swimming upside down.
All you people out there that think it's a really neat hobby to go get tropical fish,
especially the saltwater ones.
Forget about it.
You might as well burn the money in your backyard.
In fact, put the money on the barbecue over the weekend for the Memorial Day holiday.
Because it's the same thing, you know.
So I go into woodbinds like having a bonfire without the good time.
Congress sent $120 billion worth spending build of the White House late last night,
abandoning call from most US troops to leave Iraq after an earlier veto by President Bush.
Once again, the old sellout.
The bill replaces the earlier goal of withdrawing US combat troops by March 2008
with a series of political benchmarks for Iraqi leaders to meet in order to receive
continued American support as they continue flushing your tax dollars down the toilet.
Whatever money you don't have left over after following your tank with gasoline,
they're flushing it down the toilet as we continue human sacrifice and butchery in Iraq.
And are any of where else we can too.
But to move sharply split the Democratic majority in the House,
were 140 members, including House Speaker Nancy Pelosi voted against the plan.
In the Senate, leading Democratic presidential contenders Hillary Rotem, Clinton,
Swilory, and Barack Obama, were among the 14 members who voted against it.
But Senate majority leader Harry Reid said the bill still represented the step
to bringing the four-year-old war in Iraq to an end.
He has such a wimp, man. He has such a loser, loser, such a wimp.
In fact, he's the epitome of what's wrong with the Democratic Party.
His Harry Reid.
We've repeatedly forced our Republican colleagues in the Senate and the House to debate and vote on where the people stand with respect
to the President's failed Iraq policy.
He said, and with each step we've taken the pressure on the President's Republican allies has grown.
But a beep bit of a boop put about.
Bush vetoed an earlier version of the bill arguing the pull-off date would mean that the American failure in Iraq as if.
But he agreed to sound the revised major telling reporters yesterday that Iraqi leaders must show real progress
and return from America's continued support and sacrifice of all those lives.
3,400-plus troops, hundreds of thousands of that Iraqis, and billions and billions and trillions of your tax dollars down the toilet.
Another hundred billion dollars of the money will fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan through the rest of the budget year, which ends in September.
Because I'll tell you one thing.
He may not accomplish a whole lot between now and the end of his second term.
At the end of next year, which can't come soon enough.
But I'll tell you one thing. He is going to accomplish. Kill some people. There you go. He's good at that.
The butcher of Washington.
They used to call salt in the butcher of Baghdad.
We got the butcher of Washington anywhere else he can butcher it up. He's a slice of life.
Look at that. Israel strikes a Hamas training facility.
The Arabs and the Jews are killing each other again. How unusual.
That thing by Christopher Hitchens is more... Isn't it a shame that it's always A-holes like him that say the right thing?
Say the right thing. It's just that people say, oh, he's an A-hole.
Oh, I think that toothpaste is getting to me. Stop eating it.
I'm not eating toothpaste. Are you out of your mind or what?
I just tasted it though. It tasted pretty good.
Sit him. See, that sounds like it's got sugar in it.
Right.
Now, yesterday, and I did screw up and I said, our good friends just go, I admit it.
You know, see, I don't lie about it. I could lie. I could say, oh, I've had a perfect May of having any craft.
I thought I'd be lying through my teeth. I'm weak, man. I'm weak. I'm a sugar addict.
And yesterday, I go to my Chinese market and the lady there, I'm her best customer.
I'm there every day for five years now.
And I get my newspapers and I get my diet soda. And then she's got to come over to me.
Oh, she's got the byer score. Just came in. Just for me because she knows I've bought it before.
And so, naturally, I say, oh, I'll take me to your leader. You want it? You want it? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll take it.
And I had...
I like it.
No, I don't like it. I love it. Byer score. Oh, God. The leader. Do you know how much the leader is?
It's more than a quart, right? Well, I ate it.
And then I got to, you know, apologize and send down here and suck up so that just go doesn't come down here and spank me with a paddler up here, wherever the hell I am.
Yeah, I'm not there. But this weekend, it's a holiday, baby. And I'm just going to eat two-faced-oh weekend. I'm suck it off the crest.
All right.
Maybe I'll turn to drugs, you know.
What do you think? Well, you lose a lot of weight on coke.
There you go. Things go better with it. That's what I heard.
1321 votes on yesterday's poll.
This thing about Jim McGreevian is wife. I don't even know what we needed that on there. Well, Charlie B.
Was that his poll? I don't know. I don't want to blame him.
Oh, don't forget. Don't... You've got to encourage me to read that thing through about Seatbelt Enforcement that's going on this weekend.
Hey, don't forget. Yes, right.
Okay, I won't.
How would you react if you found out that your spouse or spouse or significant other was gay? Is that cinnamon spice?
Hmm. If your spouse or significant other was gay, suggest a threesome, 660.
Split up our divorce, 1060. Forgiven, forget, 93. I still haven't got a clue what that means. Forgiven, forget.
It'll take you back.
Well, okay. I'll tell you a fairy. Come back to bed.
I already know he or she is gay, 83. Name or kill the bastard of bitch 50.
Turn the tables and have an affair of my own, 49. And pretend I don't know and let it slide, 26.
We got to hear that again today. Let it ride.
By VTO. I just love that.
Not a good sound. Me too.
It's not a good sound.
I noticed that I was right when you start playing some of the other stuff. They all sound the same.
You got that sound. I mean, whatever.
They got to hear VTO sound. Just to be awesome.
Maybe we like this best because this is the one that they didn't wear out.
Oh, really? They let it... They let it roll.
We're going to make the sounds that they Chris eat it on a Friday before Memorial Day.
Well, that's going to be a real feather in somebody's.
You back down. You back down.
I do like that. Very that.
Even Jesus, I've never gotten enough like that.
Some have to identify 60WD.
That's enough. I don't want to get carried away now.
Here's the schedule today. We got Mad Dog at 2. Jim Manditch.
We got Power Hour with Mad Dog and the Humber 4 to 5.
Humber all by himself, 5 to 6.40.
And then looking at it, says 5 to 6.40, then the pregame shows it's 6.30.
This parent, he could make up a schedule if you're stuck in Uzioprox.
He's just an idiot.
Marlins on deck around 6.30, whenever 705 to Marlins on the Metz,
there must be a home game because it says Versus.
And then game that with Eddie Kaye.
I've gained H after the game.
He'll be over to Rickate or some people say H.
Gate H.
I guess that's like Anne H.
Oh, look at that. Now, who just fags this to me?
Why did you fags me this?
It came over.
Oh, it's about Dick Feinberg.
Right.
All right. Congratulations, Steve.
I'll read it after the thing.
He's an employer. That's good.
Remember how he had called in and come with you and put everybody to a coma
because we were talking about harness racing?
At least he won't be doing that anymore.
At least not local anyway.
Oh, he means well, but he just doesn't understand it.
They don't understand anything about it.
They don't want to know from it.
And it's just the South Florida FNW.
And of course, it, I'm not saying it's harness racing, fill in the blank.
Whatever it is, they don't want to know from it.
And don't bother them.
It's the South Florida you bastard.
You little mace, you little mace.
You little mace, you little mace.
You little mace.
You little mace.
Jennifer.
Jennifer.
What the hell's the matter, honey?
I think you're not.
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I think you're not by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
By aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens?
Where they done took you?
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
New Mexico.
Albuquerque is.
Yeah.
Falls in Georgia.
No, no, no, no, Mexico.
OK.
I don't believe you, honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
No, I want to get murdered.
I really do what you said.
I was kidnapped by aliens.
I don't want to leave you, honey.
Thank God, short hair.
Thank God, short hair.
Who does?
Thank God, short hair.
Oh, you say short hair.
You mean like, right?
See, cross short.
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
Never does a bigot, short hair.
All right, honey, don't yell at me.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-11.
7-11?
Yeah.
Can you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry world.
I just think kidnapped.
I think it's your slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey?
I'm aliens in a blue van.
Aliens drop a blue van.
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
It's a kind of van.
Did they do anything to you?
Did they probe you?
No.
Okay.
No.
Proud you.
No.
My love to you.
No, you idiot!
I'm not coming home!
I'm staying at the 7-11.
You don't want to marry me to you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
Come home.
I'm done with it.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
Okay.
And that's how our voice gets deeper and deeper there.
Like she just dropped a big pair or something like that.
Maybe she had a big pair.
Maybe they were dropping.
Anyway, here's today's poll.
We got 845 votes already.
And it's the Friday before Memorial Day.
It's still...
Well, it is the Memorial Day weekend, isn't it?
And all you poor bastards out there,
if you're in your car right now,
and just filled up the tank for about 200 bucks,
thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices
and an extremely weak American dollar.
That's just killing me, tearing out my kishkis, man.
You're just killing us.
And a lot of other people too.
At least he spreads it around.
At least I'll say that for him he's consistent.
So before I do the poll result,
where is that story about Dick Feinberg?
It says,
Sacramento Harnessed said it's hard to form a general manager
of the Pompid of Park Harnessed Track to fill that position
in operation.
Well, I love Sacramento.
I've proved it a million times.
It's a beautiful place.
Man.
You ever been there?
No.
Well, why not?
I never got around to it.
Dick Feinberg led the Pompid of Beach Track from 1999
to last June.
He scheduled to begin his new duties on Monday.
Best luck, Dick, and congratulations.
Okay, and don't call us.
I mean, call me, but not on here.
Sacramento Harnessed is the operating company
for the Calispo Harnessed Track.
The track is on the grounds of the California State
Fair and Sacramento.
And I've been there.
How do you like that, huh?
You have to really go, uh,
a step or two to name a track where I haven't been.
Feinberg held several management positions
at Calispo from 75 to 92,
including GMJ from 1992.
The Pompid of Park Facility opened their casino last month
now known as the Alavvaka,
aisle casino and racing at Pompid of Park.
Feinberg was prominent among per mutual industry officials
who campaigned for the slot machine-beiled issues
that state voters approved in November 2004
and Broward approved March 2005.
But then, of course, they shoved him out there in Aila.
And that's the way it works, you know.
All of us who worked our answers off to get that thing passed,
they just shuffled us off to the side, like me.
They probably want to shuffle off to Buffalo.
And I'm not going there.
Just down the road, but I'm sure it's hell not going there.
Have we been in Buffalo?
Don't.
Don't.
It sucks.
Which label best describes you during your school years?
Excellent poll, Charlie B, with 400 choices on it,
and we've got 851 votes already.
Loner, 132.
That's what I voted.
I guess.
I mean, there's all these different choices on here,
but I don't know there was anybody.
That was also an egghead.
Is that on here?
Nurt, I guess.
No, no, no.
You're an egghead that's different now.
The same.
And there's probably a group where he's no egghead.
We had this conversation.
They used to do something different, but now they mean the same thing.
Well, I don't really care about it.
Now, in addition to which I wasn't in school now,
don't you understand?
Which label best describes you during your school years?
Meaning, when you were in school,
and you have something like that on there, like brain or egghead or whatever.
Loner, 132.
You can put egghead.
Is okay.
We got airheads, someone that egghead.
How about dumbhead?
Doom cough.
Loner, 132.
Can I, I'm never going to get past Loner if you don't stop interrupting it.
Buh, buh, buh, buh.
A equipping ayenta.
Yeah, yeah.
Social outcast 102.
Class clown 98.
Pothead 87.
Jock 72.
Jock.
Nurt 68.
High achie-
High achiever 62.
Casanova 35.
Bullied 35.
Trouble maker 33.
Drugie 24.
Flunky 18.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
I think I said Doom cough.
Flunky 18.
RC415.
Well, excuse me.
RC4C sounds kind of like gay, like that.
Oh, there is, uh, what's his name?
That crappy headed demo.
Slot 14.
Sex Pot 14.
Teachers pet 14.
Dealer 9.
I see.
Bullied 9.
Airhead 5.
Bombshell 3.
Knocked up 2.
And Egghead just when I'm, don't have any head out of 855.
Oh, I had probably, well, I, I should have put that Egghead.
I suppose to Loner.
Well, I was a Loner only because I wasn't, uh, supposed to associate with the Goyang, you know.
And since I went to high school in town where there was only all Goyang, I couldn't really
associate too much with anybody.
We just, uh, you know, I was just the curse of having stupid parents who were just, uh, you know.
Just the way it was.
Okay, let me, I, I, I threatened to read this again, I will.
Now through June 4th, which is, uh, week from something.
Monday.
Right.
All right.
Well, you just agree.
You're not looking at the calendar.
You just agree.
Well, the first is a Friday, so the Friday could be a Monday, okay?
And I'm like, I can't say that out.
Even an old, funny, deady would guy with old timers disease like me can figure that out.
Now through a week from Monday, June 4th, BSO deputies will join with our law enforcement officers
throughout Florida and the nation, deferming enforced vehicle, seatbelt, and child restraint laws.
Motorists pulled over this Memorial Day holiday weekend who are not buckled will be ticketed.
No warnings.
And they're saying, click it or ticket.
Click it or lick it.
Or some of the cops will tell, lick it or ticket.
In addition, BSO will conduct DUI saturation patrols from 8 p.m. on May 25.
That's tonight, boys and girls, till 5 a.m. on May 27th, which is Sunday morning.
In areas of incorporated central brow, Oakland Park, Tamarack, Deerfield Beach, and Pompeo Beach,
impaired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced.
And probably they'll get shot on the spot.
No questions asked.
No screwing around, baby.
We find that you drink it.
And then I like blow your crap away.
We find your seat belts aren't buckled.
Blow your crap away.
And believe me in soft thirties, there's plenty of crap to blow away.
Like in speaking of she blows, she blows.
We need to hear a little bit of that.
It is a holiday weekend.
Don't you think put everybody in really sweet mood for you?
We ain't no thought sound anymore.
Oh yeah.
I say let's play the whole damn thing as well.
But not maybe not right now.
Friday, you bastard.
I think we're calling this as Titoa and I'm gonna help you.
I just picked up my 92 accord from your life.
And that is on huge turd in the back seat.
Are you turd?
Yes.
And there's one in the back seat?
I'm turd.
A big ass human turd in the back seat of my car.
Damn, I assure you our guys did not take a dump in your car.
If you want to bring that car back, we'll take a look at it.
You want to take a look at it.
My car is fine.
It's that big ass turd in the back seat.
Okay, what would you like me to do?
I said, okay, how about I go to your house and piss a loaf on your couch?
Damn, how about that?
Man, what would you like me to do to fix the situation?
I want somebody to come over here.
Get this turd out my back seat.
That's not gonna happen.
What do you mean it's not gonna happen?
You can bring the car here and we can take a look at it.
I am.
I'm gonna bring it back there.
You know what I'm gonna do?
I'm gonna take a dump in every last car you got there.
I'm gonna pee on your couch.
I'm gonna do it all.
Okay.
You know what you sound like a big girl in man, it probably came out your way.
Oh, yeah, I don't make it happen to go on and take your dump in the car.
How much do you weigh?
About 400 pounds.
That's your turd.
That's my turd.
Yeah.
That came from a 400 pound man.
That's a 400 pound man.
Even that old gorilla.
I'm driving this car right to my lawyer's office and I'm gonna let the whole world see.
You're gonna be on the news this evening, buddy.
I'm gonna get seven on my side.
What?
You gonna be on the news?
Can you describe the piece of shit?
I mean, what does it look like?
You know what it is.
It came out your ass.
What the hell is it?
What kind of ass do we look color?
I say what?
It smells ungodly.
That's what it smells like.
It smells like you sold your ass to the devil.
I don't hear it from the picture, hey.
Well, how many is it?
How long is it?
It's not as long as my arm.
I don't think it's spot wide.
This is not spot.
I got a damn two-pot four in my back seat.
I think this is racial shit too.
That's what they're talking about.
A little kid is running away from it.
Oh my.
I'm gonna find this funny.
It's okay.
You're probably gonna see a real suit, don't you?
All right, all right.
How long does it look like it's been sitting there?
Steve is coming off for it, okay?
Steve, Steve is coming off for it?
Yes.
It's been a long time.
I am taking this as a fresh shirt.
Okay, what you need to do is you need to bring that shirt back.
And we'll match it up.
We have a lineup.
We'll match it up with the other shirts that we have.
Well, what you need to do is learn how to use a pull.
You're saying I can bring the shirt back to me?
No.
You know what?
Is this the sample?
No.
I'm starting to like it.
You're gonna keep it as a sample?
I'm gonna keep it.
Because it's a nice, you know what?
It's a nice conversation piece.
Okay, cool.
Hey, thanks.
Hello, conversation piece.
It's 1034 or 206 before 11 at 560 WQM.
All the phone is ringing the other room.
What could that possibly be, huh?
I don't know.
Wow.
873 votes on the pool.
I ought to go running and get it, you know.
But I never make it in time.
Make it work.
No.
Too far.
All right.
Mary Chaney, the vice president's lesbian daughter, had her first child this morning at
Cibli Hospital in Washington, D.C.
Well, not this morning.
This was on Wednesday.
How come it took ABC News 2X2 days to get this on their website?
That's bad.
Anyway, Dykes haven't, uh, babies.
Samuel David Chaney was born in 946 A.M. Wednesday morning weight.
8.6 ounces.
A bouncing baby boy.
Her parents are Mary Hunter partner, Heather Poe.
Now, if you're trying to figure out how that works, well, just scratch your head.
The vice president pleased to be a grandfather for the six-time stroke's woman, Megan McGinn,
said.
The vice president's office announced in December that Mary was expecting her first child
and his spokeswoman said at the time that he and his wife were looking forward with eager anticipation
to the arrival of their sixth grandchild.
Chaney bristled when the subject came up in a notably testy exchange in January, with
CNN's Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Blitzkrieg asked the vice president about a statement from Focus Focus focused on the family
by whether having a child outside of Mary's mother or father is best for the child.
Chaney said Blitzkrieg was out of line even asking a question about Mary Chaney and said
he fundamentally disagreed with Blitzkrieg's perspective.
But Blitzkrieg did not read the offer his perspective and the only question he asked was whether
the Chaney wanted to respond to the focus focus family of focus on the family statement.
Blitzkrieg said it was a question that's come up and is reasonable a responsible fair question.
Vice president Chaney said that he was delighted to have a sixth grandchild and thinks the world
of both of his daughters and all of his grandchildren even his bull-like daughter Mary.
His daughter Elizabeth has got five children with her husband and filipiri, three daughters,
Kate Elizabeth and Grace and two sons, Philip and Dick.
President Bush told People Magazine in December that Mary Chaney would be a loving soul to her child.
The president said this in response to a question about his comment from 2005 that a child is raised in a married family
with a man and a woman.
The vice president took me aside and gave me the good news.
He said he and his wife Linda are very happy for Mary Bush said I think Mary is going to be a loving soul to her child.
I'm happy for so in other words a child should be raised in a married family with a man and a woman unless of course it's a Nazi.
Right, then it's okay. They must kosher.
ABC News is and Compton has to present December if in light of Mary's pregnancy there were any changes in law that he would support that would give same sex couples greater access to legal rights hospital visits insurance, all of these things.
The president said he thinks the government should review the law to make sure that people are treated fairly.
But he punted on Mary Chaney specifically saying it was a personal matter for Vice President Chaney's family.
I know Mary and I like her.
He said I know she's going to be a fine loving bull-like mother.
Well, I'll write.
I'm sure she thinks he's a mother too.
Oh, there's Hank on CNN.
Wow.
New glasses on the YC.
874 votes on the pool.
I'm really curious as to what that phone call was.
You know, it might have been Ed McMahon with my 10 million.
Could have been.
It might have been a wrong number.
It's most likely.
Well, what am I expecting?
Is there something that is something being delivered that I don't know about?
Like, nah, I didn't say anything.
Well, other name recently.
Good.
874 votes on our award-winning pool make a thousand easy drive safely, baby.
I'm telling you that right now.
It always sounds corny.
In fact, don't drive too much if you value your cash.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those really incredibly low-gas prices.
That kid that called out there, wish we could find him and string his ass up from a fag pool.
Remember that?
I'm over it.
I'm over it.
It was just yesterday.
Smart ass.
You know, defending this rack attack.
Oh, thank you, Mr. President, for the low-gas.
Like all of a sudden, we're going to be paying 50 cents a gallon because they invaded the rack.
And all these people are dead.
They're going to hook up the big...
Well, it didn't work out.
It didn't work out so well.
Schmuck.
Puts.
Fagula.
Which label best describes you during your school year's Fagula would have described me, I guess, and still does?
Well, not put no Yiddish words on here.
We're not starting to do, well, you know, Jew talk.
Lone or 135.
Class clown 103.
Kind of like Skyrimack, I bet, was a class clown, wouldn't you think?
That's what I voted for.
They asked clown.
Oh, you were the class clown?
Sure.
The figures.
Of course.
Well, don't be a Yanta.
All right.
Social-outcast 103.
Potthead 93.
Jock 73.
A Jock.
Like the high school football team quarterback who had all the chicks or all the guys.
Or both.
NERD 72.
High achiever 66.
Cassanova 37.
Bullied 35.
Trouble maker 33.
Druggy 26.
Flunky 18.
Artsy Farsi 15.
Slut 14.
Sex Pott 14.
Teachers Pett 14.
Dealer 9.
Bullied 9.
Airhead 5.
Bombshell 3.
Knocked up 2.
Boy.
And the egghead.
Well, I'm sure glad we put that on there.
And it doesn't have any votes.
But it's on there.
You think Robert Greenford, the grim revert?
The Lord of the Board?
Maybe he was an egghead.
Baby.
8.79 of poll.
We got 1,000 easy.
Then we're going to lay down on the floor and celebrate Memorial.
The U.
God.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran it and Lincoln.
Cash or credit.
I drove up in the hill.
He won the insurance.
And a recall how it happened.
Well, it's...
But luck, it still gives me cheer.
And what a weirdo.
Followed my map of star how says.
And was shocked to see.
Sitting on her front porch was...
Angelina Jollin.
La la la la la la la la.
Well, I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
And I saw her hesitate.
But the chloroporn started working then for her.
It was too late.
But her and my car and rolled the windows down.
Now she watched my queen and I made her crown.
Cook the stupid crown of me.
And I've got Angelina Jollin in my basement.
I'm in the basement.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello.
And charge her in.
I can't rent.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I've been to Facebook.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jollin in my basement.
Wait for me, I'm a kid.
Well, I'm scared to pray for her, man.
But I bet you've given your lesson.
I don't mean to have Angelina Jollin locked down in your basement.
Come here and press her.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'll hurt your dog, mister.
And push the dog in the basket.
901 votes on the pool today.
Boy, that's pretty awesome.
Pretty impressive.
We'll get a thousand easy and then we're all going to lay down on the floor and start breaking and get drunk.
Just get plastered for a memorial day.
That's what all holidays are now, isn't it?
You bet, and not it be.
In fact, they're showing it to keep raw meat cold until it's time to cook.
Keep that raw meat cold baby until it's time to flop that baby on the grill.
That was a disgusting thing that Kenny and Bo were talking about there at the end to show this morning.
You hear that?
Nope.
Good. It's a good thing too.
I guess the figure of thinking, you know, is,
Dirty is possible that that's probably going to win an audience.
The only problem is that the people aren't listening who might, you know,
if I found that disgusting and I'm using or whatever, they're not listening.
So everybody tell everybody you know that they're doing some dirty stuff on it, you know?
Alright.
Don't tell Johnny Jollin.
A report published today reveals a growing game of tug of war between L.
President A and numbered to his number two, Dick Cheney.
He's the evil to her baby, Bush is just a face man.
Just figure it out, Johnny Joe.
He's just a face man.
He's a paper tiger.
Vice President Cheney believes that he should not be pursuing a diplomatic path with Iran.
And a senior aide to the Vice President has been meeting with national security think tanks,
A.K.A. a bunch of Nazi groups, and consultants in Washington who help establish the policy
and political pathway to bombing Iran.
Steve Clemens reported yesterday and is blogging the Washington note.
As a crazy John McCain would say, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Iran, that's what he would say.
And the media, if they were responsible, would say, does this same person who wants us to make
a president really behave like this?
Is this supposed to be funny?
And does it amuse you?
Something like that is what they would say, but they're not responsible.
They're just a bunch of shools.
Cheney is the person in the administration who desires most a hot conflict with Iran, a hot conflict.
And believes the administration's pursuit of diplomacy led by Secretary of State,
Conn, believes the rights is a mistake.
The Cheney aide who's met with policy hands of the American Enterprise Institute,
along with a lot of other fascist groups, has stated that several Washington starters
that Cheney's plan to deploy an N-run strategy around the present,
if he and his team lose the policy argument, N-run strategy.
He's running things.
Who the hell is that bush bastard think he is?
Cheney's team wants to work with Israel nudging the country at some key moment
to mount a small scale attack on the suspected side of Iran's nuclear infrastructure,
which could lead to an Iranian counterattack on U.S. forces stationed in the Persian Gulf.
The Vice President in recent weeks has been wrapping up his rhetoric against Iran earlier this month
he spoke about a U.S. aircraft carrier just 150 miles off Iran's coast
to warn the country against continuing to pursue a nuclear weapons program.
This strategy would side-step controversies over bomber aircraft and over-flight rights over the Middle East nations
and could be expected in a trigger-way sufficient Iranian counter-strike against U.S. forces in the Gulf
which just became significantly larger as to compelled Bush to forego the diplomatic track
that the administration realises they're advocating and engage in another war.
We can't get the one done over in Iraq even closer to disaster.
They're dying like flies over there.
Let's have another war.
And then we can bring the draft back by Zazet Sound.
All right.
There are many other components of the complex game plan that this Chinese official has been kicking around
Washington.
The officials offered this commentary to senior staff at AEI and lunch and dinner gatherings
which would be considered strictly off the record, but there can be little doubt
that the official actually hopes that Hawkes, conservatives, and Neocons share this information
and then rally to this point of view.
This official is beating the brush and doing what Joshua Murabchick has previously stated
that which is to help establish the policy and political pathway to bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Iran.
All right.
Crazy people.
Crazy people need to be dragged out of their kicking and screen-ess and put in rubber room somewhere.
The zinger of this information is the admission by this Chinese AEI that Chinese himself is frustrated
with President Bush and believes much like Richard Pearl that Bush is making a disastrous mistake
by aligning himself with the policy course that counter-Lisa Bob Gates, Michael Hayden, and McConnell have sculpted.
According to this official, Taney believes that Bush could not be counted on to make the right decision
when it comes to being with a random thus Taney believes that he must tie the president's hands.
He must move in.
Wow.
I think Memorial Day, you know how in Europe they have like shorter work weeks and longer vacations.
Right.
I think we ought to take off like from Wednesday through Tuesday.
Sounds great.
Like on the Fourth of July and Christmas time.
But they can play table.
We just finished with the divorce two days and nobody gave me any time off.
I'm going to start suing for stuff like that.
When it's a Jew holiday, man, I'm going to put on the Forward Galea, underlying the gay part.
The Forward Galea.
And put on the Yamakar and the Pallas and all the Sittles and all of these things.
The Tafilin.
Going to leave it to Fillin.
906 on the Polk.
Yesterday we got to that 1200 and I just said here and I shook my head.
How the hell did we do that?
I don't know.
I mean Chris said it.
He seems to be the you know the keeper of the Polk.
He said his finger on it.
We had Robert Grieper, the keeper of the, what was he?
The Grim Reaper, the keeper of the Lord of the Board.
We got Chris in there, the Lord of the Pole.
Profiles in cowardice writes Larry Binehart on the Smirking Chimp.
This is short and right to the point.
He says, I live in New York.
I called my senators and representatives.
Hillary Clinton.
I called Hillary's office to ask how she was going to vote on the
Racks Upplemental Appropriations Bill without benchmarks.
The staffer at the other end of the line said she was studying the bill.
The rest of the conversation went like this and I swear my parents
grave that it's true.
Question.
She voted for the war and now she doesn't want to vote to get out of it.
Clinton staffer, yes.
Question.
Let me be clear about that.
You just said yes.
Clinton staffer, yes, I can pass your comments on to her.
Question.
I just want to be clear.
She voted for the war and now it doesn't want to get out of it.
And you said yes.
Clinton staffer, yes.
I started by calling the New York City Office and I was told to look on the website.
I said there was nothing about it on the website.
The staffer then told me she would know the senators positions.
They find them by looking on the website.
I said that was pretty out of their own stamp has to look on a website to find her positions.
She told me to call the Washington Office for the conversation about took place.
Chuck Schumer.
Like Hillary, his local offices don't answer the phone and all,
but he or don't know his positions in New York City.
His Washington staffer said that local offices ought to know and ought to be able to respond.
Which was something and better than Clinton's operation.
However, as to Schumer's position, he is and I'm not paraphrasing, checking for responses.
I presume from his constituents before deciding.
I said, doesn't he have any principles, any positions?
I think it's one of the most cowardly and disappointing moments in the history of the Democratic Party.
The staffer said she would pass my comments on.
Profile, encourage and competence, Maurice Hinchy.
I called the congressman's Kingston office.
I said, Maurice is going to vote against this or accept the mental appropriation of the business.
The local staffer said, yes, she knew.
And he was taking the position.
Neither one surprised me.
Congressman Hinchy takes positions.
He's clear and bold and well spoken.
That's what's happening in my state and district.
What's happening in yours.
Oh, God.
And the murder, the butchery goes on.
Wow.
What has long been got dancing with the stars?
Yeah, dancing with the stars then we know we're safe.
And of course American Idol.
Now is that over with now that they had that final resentment for the season, I guess, huh?
He's asking you, Chris.
No, I'm asking anybody who might not watch it.
Yeah, I'm sure they'll never take some calls.
Well, we don't know.
We don't care.
We don't want to know about all those fruit flies on their who-down cares.
909 on the pool today.
Next hour we're going to go over a thousand.
And I don't know what's going to happen after that.
I think we'll play all the mobs.
All right.
The one who's including ones that, who are the ones we can't play anymore?
There are a lot of those.
Let me see if I can find one.
One moment please.
Oh yeah, here's one we can't play.
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawada David and Shorl.
Across me, we can't play that one.
We can't even say the name of it much less player.
It has to do with Guzzlin.
And of course, since Joyce is busy in Muslim, we can't play no bits about Guzzlin.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Stop and think about all the stuff that we were in.
And I thought I'm belly-icking on him a more lay holiday weekend.
No way Jose.
I'm got a whole new attitude.
You noticed that last few days?
Sure.
What up?
Since that nasty start to the week, that really horrendous unacceptable start to the week when
we were told that...
Animo, far-send to the mohawada.
Animo, he's been playing no moh.
No moh on his show.
Oh, and I said, you've got to be kidding me.
I mean, are you like a crazy person and he's like, uh-huh?
I thought, well, I knew that.
I knew that.
I was on the right in the beginning, jolly joe.
Deadbeat joe.
912 votes.
When he actually sat there on the other end of the phone and tried to tell me that this was a
responsible reputable company.
And I went, oh, by the way, there was nobody on the phone.
They didn't leave any message.
See, here's the way I look at it.
If nobody leaves the message, it couldn't be to him.
Right, right.
Right.
Almost to his Ed McMahon.
Maybe if I had to answer the phone to win the 10 million.
What are these factors here, Senna?
I thought it was going to be more polls.
If there's one thing I don't want to see today, it's any more polls.
Well, eight.
According to an ABC News poll, 60s for, oh, this is just, oh, I want to die.
It does, 80.
Oh.
Paul says, as sad and disturbing as this is, why am I not surprised?
Excellent point, Paul.
Why are we not surprised?
A new ABC News poll shows that 60% of Americans believe God created the world in six days.
In Petersburg, Kentucky this weekend, a creation museum is opening that depicts a story far from what you may have learned in science class.
Exhibits at almost every natural history museum teach the dinosaurs are millions of years old,
and that they die out long before humans ever existed.
But at the creation museum, they say God created dinosaurs and humans at the same time.
The creation museum is a $27 million high-tech sensory experience with animatronic dinosaurs and a movie theater with seats that shake,
designed by the same man behind some of the attraction that Universal Studios in Florida.
They shake, shake, shake.
Maybe KC will be there.
KC.
You're fairy.
The museum is aimed at convincing visitors that evolution is wrong and that the biblical story of life on Earth from Adam and Eve to Noah's Ark.
It's scientifically verifiable.
The museum depicts Adam living with animals including a dinosaur.
You get a pectino, do you know the dinosaur?
Are you playing KC now?
No, I'm not.
Any excuse to play KC?
Come on, come on.
Can't hand present advances in Genesis?
The group that is spotted in the museum says that only secular scientists would maintain that the first humans never lived with dinosaurs.
Scientists can say that, but what's the evidence yet?
It's insisting that all land animals were made on day six.
I see.
He was busy on day six.
That's the main stream of scientists were that because this museum is so sophisticated it will be more effective at giving children a distorted view of science.
They'll show up in the classrooms and say, gee Mrs. Brown, I want to this spiffy museum lie a summer they say that everything you're teaching me is a lie.
Said you, Dean, he's got executive director of the National Center for Science Education.
Hand believes that's what should happen.
And I say great, amen.
He said that's what this plays all about.
It's meant to challenge people.
It's focus, focus and to check out our focus.
Oh yeah.
There's a good proof right there, okay?
Wow, KC, I told you he was in my house that time with a bunch of impolite favorite Queen's.
You know, if you're going to bring if you're going to bring Queen's to the house KC at least at least bring some cute ones.
No larger show.
We could talk to you.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
If you have a translation, pass us Congress.
Our interrogators can't use cruel and inhuman torture techniques on military combatants.
Like making them wear panties on their heads or forcing them to listen to Christine Aguilar music.
But they can do this.
Okay, I can't if you don't tell us where Osama bin Laden is.
We're going to have to give you this.
That's right.
Let's see how you like spending the night snuggle up to.
Tickle me, Gipmo.
It's tickling me, Gipmo.
From the makers of tickle me, El Mohammed and the Sunni Homemaker, Eelibaba.
There's not only three have what it takes.
The final three.
But only one can win.
You think you've done such a good job.
You never know.
I'm like what?
The unexpected.
That's why you're so thin, you're bulimic.
I think you want a cute one.
Sister, those are my new shoes.
Oh, she's going to go in the bathroom and throw up.
My new pants.
I got cute dogs.
When you're sure you enjoy throwing up every five minutes.
Oh, what are you here to?
The finale.
You've been waiting for a cool pretty America's next hot model.
There is vomit and dookie everywhere.
Vomit and dookie houses.
That what he just said.
Twice.
Maybe he was doing a dookie style.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 WDQM.
Happy Friday.
Happy more early holiday weekend to you.
I told you earlier before the show, he has another company that he despises like poison.
Dell.
Rhymes with a go-to.
Dell hooks up with Walmart.
That's all I had to say in a straightaway way.
Like that.
George was given several of those Florida cheers.
Like that.
And then there were a couple of them that went like.
Like that too.
North America's second largest computer maker, Dell Inc. says it will begin selling its products
through retailers for the first time.
Starting with the world's largest Walmart store is limited.
The move represents a dramatic departure for the company Michael Dell founded 23 years ago.
On an innovative concept of keeping costs down by selling directly to consumers, initially over the phone and later the internet.
And they had that annoying punky kid on TV doing all those spots.
Remember that?
Yeah, not no more.
Very annoying.
But rivals such as Hewlett Packard company, which overtook Dell as the leading USPC maker of recently pulled ahead.
They have no punches, they pulled ahead.
Partly on the strength of sales through retail channels such as Walmart.
Oh, PubMall and Dreyer.
They, Dell, need to go retail.
And they're finally doing it.
Said, Shaw Wu, an analyst with American technology research who has a neutral rating on Dell.
Shares and does not own any.
Shaw Wu.
How the prices of Dell computers sold through Walmart will compare to those offered direct from Dell remains to be seen.
Neither Walmart nor Dell would disclose enough information instant in their comparisons possible.
Dell said yesterday it would begin offering selected models through 3,500 Walmart and Samsung's Club stores in the US.
Canada and Puerto Rico within the next 2 to 3 weeks.
Walmart is just the first definite expanding retail strategy Dell's first person to weigh in Cox.
Said, customers want more and more new ways to buy products than we plan on meeting their needs on a global level.
And let me just say it again, the Shewlett Packard computer, this little mini one I got?
Yes, it's the Catch Me Owl.
It's the Catch The Bees Knees, the Catch Pajotas.
The HP Pervigian, what's the number 7200?
I'm not sure.
7200, slimline.
It takes a very little space, it sits right there next to the monitor and it's a beautiful thing.
What's not to lie?
And it works like a charm.
And of course, when you say it works as fast as lightning, it's really not the computer, right?
Isn't it just the internet connection?
It's better what you're doing, but both.
Both of these things?
Both of them.
I don't know.
Well, let me say it again, it's fast as grease lightning, baby.
Wow.
Wait till you hear this.
This is going to make you, if you thought that that other thing was really weak about the 60%
of Americans in the dinosaurs and God created them.
Yeah.
When are you people going to stop with the hocus, poucus?
What are you going to get a brain?
I mean, what is the thing that most defines the human being, that separates humans from amoebas?
The brain, the human brain.
A brain is a terrible thing to waste, America, and boy, oh boy.
Take a picture of the French fries on the Bridgeport.
Fury might as well just admit that you're a charter member of Al Qaeda, rights Tom Gagola.
You go, Gagola.
This was going to be a happy story about how two of my nephews love the French fries on the Bridgeport.
Jefferson Ferry.
Ferry fries, they call them.
You're fair, right?
Fries.
But that story went out the window Sunday night when I took the photograph below in a chair,
I guess we can't show it to you on the radio, but it's here, and we're threatened with the rest by the furry fascists for doing so.
The furry fascists, how do you like that?
He must be talking about Carl Rove again.
I was heading back to Connecticut after a weekend with the family when I took the photo,
I'd eaten the fries on the way over, but I couldn't stomach another round, so I snapped two photos of the food counter,
and as I was putting the camera away, two guys behind the counter started lobbying, lobbying,
hostile accusatory questions in my direction.
Why are you taking pictures of the food?
I'm writing a review, I responded and walked away.
I went outside to take some notes, then headed back into the camp, and I observed that there were two crew members standing near me.
I heard one of them talking about me and the photo I took, I'd been turned in.
I'm of the mindset that when the overzealous 9-11 hero wannabe start making ridiculous accusations,
I'm going to stand up and say something.
If I hear you talking about me like I might be a terrorist for taking a picture of French fries,
I'm going to interrupt and put some perspective on the matter, so I approached the mate,
and I told him I had a complaint about his crew, I didn't appreciate their hostility.
Yes, I was living stone cold sober, too.
Well Gilligan didn't like my tone, and I guess it's my fault for escalating the situation
by lobbying multiple F-bombs at him, because next thing I know, Gilligan's back with two big fellows.
I gave my name and phone number to Gilligan, I showed him the picture of the French fries,
which by the way are disgusting.
In fact, I showed him all three of the photos that were on the camera.
That should have ended it, but Gilligan demanded I show him identification,
because otherwise the police were getting involved.
Oh, yeah.
The French fry photographing police.
I asked him under one authority, he was demanding this to me, it's the captain's orders.
Kiss my ass, I said, I'm not showing you any ID.
Gilligan goes to consult with the skipper, comes back and repeats the threat,
show me the idea the police will be waiting at the dock.
Now this is the part of the story where little man and my shoulder
who wants to go home and enjoy the evening whisper is my ear, it's not worth it, my boy.
So I take out my ID and one of the big man grabs it.
He doesn't even drive, he's near as it's a forgery, he declares.
This isn't you in the picture, Gilligan announces.
Well, the idea is a New York State non-drivers' idea I've had forever,
and it is in fact me in the picture, but the big band declares he knows better
since he was a cop for 20 years.
That's my ID, take it or leave it I tell them, we pull out the dock I stole off the boat,
no cops in the story almost.
Intern Molly Aeronica went down to the ferry dock Tuesday morning to get a quote for me.
She found Fred Recall, vice president and general manager of the ferry company,
all photographs maybe subject to a challenge he told Molly,
due to the fact that there have been past incidents where possible acts of terrorism have been threatened.
Fair enough, but this episode was thoroughly brought to you by the same dangerously
Aeronica mindset that brought you freedom fries.
These were very fries, you very fry.
I like that.
Sign America baby, just like that other story about the American public and the God,
what the God squad?
Wow.
I mean what kind of a labanster this stuff like that?
938 votes on the pool.
Which label best describes you during your school years?
Loner 143.
How come Loner seems to be leading the path?
Yes, we have Loner's in the audience.
Wow.
Gotta be really worried about those Loner's.
They can be really dangerous.
That's what I voted by the way, I can be dangerous.
Class 515, social outcast 113,
Pondhead 95,
Jock 78,
Nured 73,
High achiever 68,
Cassanova 40,
Bullied 38,
Troublemaker 37,
Druggy 27,
Flunky 18.
Flunky.
What does that mean like you were a...
Dumbbo.
Dumbbo.
What do we mean it was that mean Flunky?
Flunky, yeah.
Not Flunky with a Y, Flunky, in other words,
Dumb and Flunked all the...
Oh, I see.
I'm sorry.
Well, what else would it mean?
Like you're somebody's Flunky, like you're...
No, this is...
F-L-U-N-K-E-E.
You better check out your spelling, Mr.
because you sure have it.
Flunky.
R-C-F-R-C-17,
SexProt 16,
TeachersPet 16,
Sluck 14,
Dealer 9,
Bowie 9,
Erhan, now that's interesting.
38 said they were Bowie,
and only 9 said they were Bowie.
Well, maybe the 9 that were Bowling
were doing like multiple punks.
Oh, yeah.
Multiple victims.
Okay, just pick on one kid.
That's correct. That's so fun.
Erhan 6,
Bombshell 3, knocked up to an egghead,
finally,
Sultanta Uno.
Bestie.
So, Spector.
He's the man,
the man with a lot of guns.
He keeps for fun.
And if the specter
asks you out,
when you're at the house of blues,
you should refuse.
And his home health say,
you must stay here.
For he knows it's a gun you will feel.
I would rather see
an apple actor
than go on a date
with Mr. Phil Spector.
On his walls,
on lots of records of gold,
you'll end up cold.
Dead and cold.
You'll be dead and cold.
Dead and cold.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
And you I did it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it it
it it it baby it it it it yeah yes yes yes yes yes again yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes N
To I did it it it it's dumb did it oh they praise him praise him kneel down kneel down
Praise him and kneel down the man who wore a thorny clad
Oh God
Do I did it it dumb did it do do I did it it dumb
Oh yeah
Do I did it it it dumb he's a Jew
Do I did it it it dumb he's a Jew
Do I did it it it dumb he's a Jew
Do I did it it it it he's a Jew
How do you like that right after she was in her playing stuff like that not good not acceptable
I want us another KJ a classics that we have like we've almost up in silent fart
Oh we can't play are you crazy?
It doesn't uh
Maybe it does how about God would be good
Why God would be good?
No God would be good my ass so yeah it does be good
I'm a silent fart there's no fart sound there
Even if it wasn't right it'd play fart sound less
It's amazing
Silent fart
This is hard it's just a piece of tithe right
You can tear your nose apart
You can't hear it but you can tell
Someone did it by that awful smell
What the hell did you eat?
It smells just like rotten meat
Silent fart
Deadly fart
I got one at a mart
I watched a woman sex swim along
She was wearing a terrible crown
I walked right out of that place
With a big smile on my face
Silent fart
Deadly fart
Doing it is white and art
Let one go but don't look back
At the victims of your guess attack
If you're in church when you do
That you'll have to stay in your room
In the memory of the experience that it's the sun
The I want to know who cut the cheese
Which reminds me I'm glad that you came up with that one
I ain't no fart sounds anymore
I mean talk about all the stuff that's going on in the world
And this is what we have to debate on this radio station
In this company
Whether it's some bitch
Some nasty self-annoying to the bitch
Decides that fart sounds can't be played on ear
The FCC doesn't care about fart sounds
The audience certainly doesn't care about fart sounds
Have we ever had anybody ever complain
Ever are you kidding me?
One
That's a joke right?
Completed about the fart sounds
Right
Bless what I'm saying
Course not
Anybody's saying any rational person
Anybody who's wrapped tighter than a loosely binder
Never
I don't know the history of my life
And then we have to go through all of the angst
That we went through in the early part of the week
The good news is that now it's the last part of the week
And it's a holiday weekend
And screw her you know
You
Because I hear the rumor I'm hearing around town
Is she blows
She blows that's why I'm hearing everybody even in Toronto
They're going around the neighborhood
I hear that joy
She blows
No fart sounds
Anymore
Because of some nasty unacceptable hoe
But anyway
Well do you know that the nappy headed host of I'mus
When that got thrown at me on the phone
I wanted to take the phone and throw it right out the window
I might have hit somebody though
You know there was a
I have to tell you something
This was so typical of this place
Where the hell was I
I was like in some strip shopping center yesterday
Yeah
And as I was headed for the door
There was a woman or maybe it was here in my building
I guess I don't know
And headed for the front door to go out
And she started to let it go
And then she realized like
Like sometimes in your peripheral vision
You can tell there's somebody behind
You can just sense it
Right
And she stepped back a step or two
And she pushed the door back to keep it open
Oh excuse me
I'm so sorry I didn't see you
And I thought
How wonderful
You know
How typical Toronto
How typical anywhere except South Florida
Except most of the US
Rude obnoxious nasty
Hostile angry
What is everybody so freaking angry about
That's what I like to know
What do you got
What do you got
Not seriously
What do they all angry about
I don't know they're here
Well that would piss me off
I'd say that luckily I'm not
But I mean she actually held the door open
Now she didn't do that
And she was so
She felt so bad about it
And of course she had a very heavy
How's it go and aid one of those real Canadian
Connuck accents
So I can tell she was like a local
Yoko
And I thought to myself
Well what a nice lady
What a nice human being
What a what a present person
As opposed to
You know
That
I just mentioned that in passing
In fact our close mutual friends
This go the Z-man
He one of his 85 emails last night
mentioned that he was in Niagara Falls
Not a few years ago
I guess I was there in the same weekend
But he was at the old casino
Casino Niagara
Old and
Stodgy and dumpy
But anyway he pointed out that when he crossed
Customs on the US side
There were really obnoxious and hateful
And what do you do
What do you got in the car
What are you doing
Where you going
And on the Canadian side
Have a pleasant stay
You know
There were
Politen stuff like that
How you like that
I just mentioned that in passing
That way I'm not putting words in his mouth
From everything else
That was just his report
961 votes on the poll
I guarantee you by noon
We're gonna have a thousand
Chris and then
Then we just sit back
It's the old fat and sassy routine
Okay
Well I mean we got the fat part
We got that licked
We got it down to a science
See I'm not thinking about food now
I'm thinking about that trip to
Although I will say to this
It falls to you casino
Boy they got some good restaurants there
When the food is comped
Like it is for some of us high
High
Roars
Man
They've got a place called the famous
Not and has nothing to do with the famous
That used to be on Miami Beach
Which used to be so great
That may have been the greatest restaurant
In the history of South Florida
Oh it's kind
I mean it was a deli
But nevertheless it could have been the best ever
You know that
What
Right
No I know you don't like me to go
Reminiscent about restaurants
They don't exist anymore
You can all bend out of shape
And you start acting like some kind of a yin-tie
You know
Right
But it was a really damn good
But anyway this place in the falls
You call the famous
And they've got the best and meatloaf
And
Oh juicy prime rib
Mmm
But anyway
Two new books on Senator Haley
We wrote him Clinton offer fresh and often critical portraits
Of the Democratic presidential candidate
That depict a tortured relationship with her husband
And her past and challenged the image
That she's presented on the campaign trail
She's got Sirus baby
The Hillary Clinton who emerges from the pages
Of the books comes across as a complicated
Sometimes compromised figure
Who tolerated Bill Clinton's brazen infidelity
Pursued her policy in political roles
With an methodical drive
And occasionally skirted along the edge of truth along the way
But you like that
Scored along the edge of truth
Ugh
Fire
The books portray her as alternately brilliant
And controlling ambitions and victimized
The Clinton campaigns
Nervously awaited publication of the books for a fear
They would include a bombshell revelation
Or at the very least revive memories
Of less savory moments
And the couples rise to power
The books both by a long time journalist
And both obtained by the Washington Post yesterday include
A number of assertions and anecdotes
They could confront her campaign
With unwelcome questions
A woman in charge
The life of Hillary Rodham Clinton
By Carl Bernstein reports that Clinton as a first lady
Was terrified she'd be prosecuted
Took over her own legal and political defense
And decided not to be forthcoming with investigators
Because she was convinced she was unfairly targeted
Her way, the hopes and ambitions of Hillary Rodham Clinton
By Jeff Greeth and Don Van Atta,
Junior reports that during her husband's 92 campaign
A team she oversaw her to private investigate
To undermine Jennifer Flowers
Until she was destroyed
Flowers that said publicly she had an affair with Bill Clinton
When he was governor of Arkansas
Undermind her ass until she's destroyed
Ketter
BAAAARGH like that
Huh, and she ain't even from Florida
So those are the two books that are going to be out
They're going to hear smear and smear and carry on now
Now if she gets an nomination for this we love her a lot
You know
Right?
Yeah whatever
Well let's let's just hope that we don't have to deal with that agent
Hey you bastards
Hillary from Hillary Rodham Clinton
Got to give her a year round
Till the door
Move to the organ workforce
Sell it all through the state
People sat in a gallery
You will never be truly on the left side
I need her
Seems so silly
Hillary from Arkansas
Hillary from Arkansas
Red out of the cold field on the hall
Husband Bill is a nasty boy
When you leave the house
You'll just enjoy white water
Now just a memory
Hillary
And a Reno doesn't ever do no sound
When you lost some dense memory
And a ring from Arkansas
Oh
Hey
Ha ha ha
I'm like he's your melody
Well hell yes I do
I'm like he can develop all your time to it
And I'll do a stimp
Well say I hope you know
Ha ha ha
I'll play Kara Bags
Playing Kara Bags
Ha ha
I'm a BTO player man
Ha ha ha
This Hillary from Arkansas
Is the damn thing I ever saw
Your runs with the listen
Go for your talk
Cause you never have them
In New York so change
You're mine running in a lawyer
With no believe in Jury Eki-Pan
No, sir
There is no beating that's dangerous
Hillary from Arkansas
Hey, try hell hell
Hey, oh why
Hillary
Hey, hey
Hillary
Oh I don't know what it is about
Now why are these little voices
Or their big noses
Those goofy hats
Tiny little meckles
I don't know they just
They just rub me the wrong way
And I see that there's a lips
And every speech
And love regains its
And the news
Oh ho ho ho ho
Hillary hates Jews
Absolute news
New England
Through the whole
Custom people's
Mouts of all
Since in the news
WHAHAHA
Hillary hates Jews
You will catch your light
In a manor
Ah
God, she must have a
Wonderful aura
When she speaks
I wanna cry
She could use a good wrap
By its in the news
Oh
Hillary hates Jews
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adulterer
One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly
But now is my turn to show him what I had discovered
On that auspicious day
Lunch was served on the grounds
Under an enormous white canvas tent
One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye
Then he said something that left me in awe
Hillary
I have a picture of you in my office
Mmm, delicious
Almost immediately
We crashed into bed
It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation
A few days later
Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House
I answered
Yes, you must come to see me
That night
I was ushered up stairs until to put on a wig and hoop skirt
And he periodically broken to giggles for no apparent reason
I'm not all that athletic anymore
But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth
Squealing
When Stevie finished, I felt numb
Another surprise soon followed
Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Mick Jagger
He still didn't mind
After all, what happens?
Ha ha ha ha ha
All right
She gets around that swittlery, you know
She looks at all the brothers that she was doing too
974 of the ice princess, the Bulldog
You know if we can have a gay governor in Florida
Why not have a Bulldog president
Why not
You know we're making progress with all the gay folks
Well excuse me
Now guess what I found speaking of KJ
And talk about timely
Haven't played this now
Is this guy?
This doesn't have any sounds in it doesn't?
That's what I know of
Oh, it ever sounds like that
Maybe just making sounds with his mouth
Because God forbid that
Anything from the back don't pop up
And then tell my tent
To tell the management
You want nobody missing with your show
Go round from pendant through
And when your shift is through
Tell George you can relax and smoke some weed
And then go tell Joe Bell
That he can go to hell
Yeah
He even almost makes you miss great read
But don't play a fart
The sound of a fart
I don't think George would understand
No
Because if you play a fart
The sound of a fart
You'll be in trouble with the beastly clan
Huh?
Don't play a fart
All right
See there was nothing wrong in there
And you get all hand-killing all words
There was going to be like
Some gaseous emission in there
And there was not
Yeah
See KJ doesn't mess with it
So ordinarily we don't have to bleed for stuff
Doing as he ever done a thing
And we had to put a bleep in
Not that I recall
No
See because he's an outstanding guy
Guy
Get up filthy like Boka brite
Not filthy like that chicken act
Who's just a little pervert up there in Boka
Which is of course why we love him so much
He's great
And the idea that we can't play that
I mean going into a holiday
We can
Ain't no fun
It's a pleasure that this will put him
Everybody's close
They'd be grinning from ear to your rear man
Ain't no fun sound
And it might be
Fowl
Oh like
All weekend
Then we go
And she blow
She blow it like that
Everybody else is going to be doing that too
And people are like
Who's that?
Where do we find her?
You know
Well anyway
Nine hundred and so
You don't want to know where to find her
Although Naples is the place
And she belongs in outer space
And you can
Fart in her face
977 votes on the pool so far
What I'd say to Chris
This is the hour to go over a thousand
Even on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend
Yep
We still got a couple people out there
I mean not
Big listening audience is like
You know Stuban City and Daniel Abans here
To where like
The crow used to have
Or like that
Or like Geldie has
I see we got Geldie on
Tomorrow afternoon
From 2 to 5
I guess he must be
And then we got Evan Kohn on
9 to 11 Sunday morning
Well we sure got a lot of Jewish guys on here
That's good
That's excellent
Which label best describes you during your school years
Loner 151
Lot of loners
Crazed loners like Lee Harvey Oswald
And Ted Bundy
And all the loners are
And nothing I was saying
Surhan Surhan
All the assassins were crazed loners
Right
Right
Well we got a whole bunch of
Minnesotians
751 to get ready to do something evil
Class 5122
Social Outcast 116
How can there be so many
Social Outcast
I don't know what to explain a lot of
Missfits
Pothat 98
Jock 80
Nerd 75
Not a lot of positive adjectives here for our crowd
High achiever 71
Casanova 41
Bullied 39
Trouble maker 38
Bruggy 31
Flunky 20
You got that now?
You got that
Fingered out
Yes
In other words, Dumbo
Teachers pet 19
RC Fartsy 18
Which is kind of like
GAY
I guess
RC Fartsy
They were in ballet class
And these are mostly guys
Our sex pot 16
Slot 15
Dealer 9
Bullied 9
Airhead
6
Bombshell 3
Knocked up 2
And Egghead still
Solamente uno
That's what Friday you bested
Introducing a revolutionary new product
Guaranteed to improve your sex life
Farts stop
It stops farts where they start
How many times does this happen to you
You're in the sack with the hottest baby work
It looks like you're gonna score
Then it hits you
That low rumble
That puffy feeling in your ass
The incredible urge to belt at the top of your lungs
Back them
Can you hold back?
Can you somehow channel this energy to your reproductive system
Can you determine whether you're gonna cut a big one
Or are you gonna make a big nasty mess of the whole situation
You need Farts stop
It stops farts where they start
Never again do you have to worry about blowing it
While in those compromising positions
Available in pine, crisp linen
And now new unscented
For those who enjoy not just fumes
Farts stop
It stops farts where they start
Call 1900 Big Sten
Yeah
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Whose muse her hate on you view
Seating angels view
Well we live in a free country
That always frags about me and free
I'm imagine how frustrating it can be
I can't say a word that the game's withsy
Cotter ain't a woman
Hands a man with an atom's apple and giant hands
Cotter ain't a woman
Hands a man
But that still hurts you on come on
That's who it hurts you on
Well and it's a good republicant
Who likes to flash her skinny gams
With no background all she can do
Is lie on her back and say kill the Jews
Cotter is a right wing
Partisan takes a little mini skirt
And nylon wings
Nothing bad will ever happen to him
Cause evil always wins you did
Evil always wins
Well when she's on TV you fools
Blankly stare with a little drool
And laugh alone with the hateful swill
A partisan pundit side show fill
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Cotter is a fascist party dog
Whose muse her hate on you view
Seating angels view
View view view view view view view
We don't say we don't say let's bury our heads
We don't say we don't say let's bury our heads
We see a whole big crap out there
Don't show a host on the fine
We'll never go down there
We'll never go down there
We don't say we don't say let's bury our heads
We don't say we don't say let's bury our heads
1147, 13 little little boy
They're gonna have some really good gems today
Because it's a holiday weekend
The Chris unfortunately was obviously another faker
Who faxed this yesterday with a crap about Jerry Paul Walls and heaven
And oh you can't play the farth sounds in the audio
And what did I just tell you before the show today
What did you tell me before this show
I said who cares
Right
So Chris is back with us again today
Yeah yeah yeah
Oh geez oh
I'm sure somebody already called regarding this
Well Chris if he were listening you knew we're not taking any calls this week
And probably maybe not for next 500 years
But uh so obviously Chris isn't listening
He's just in somebody's back pocket
He says I'm sure somebody already called regarding this
But if not this morning on Paul and Ron show
That's ancient Paul and old Ron
Paul invited all the neo-Roger's listening to listen to their show
If they want to hear all of Neil's material uncensored
Wow
And of course they already know that if they want to hear mine
Everybody else's material
They'll hear it there the second time
Paul went on to say that back in the day he and old Ron
Could have never beat your show in the ratings
He thanked your management for that as well as the QM promotion department
For not advertising your show
Well guess what we're doing just fine
Okay
And as far as beating anybody in the ratings
We'll see how it works out with them being on 15-18 hours today
Okay
We'll see how long before somebody finally pulls the plug on that really sad experiment
All Ron and Paul all day
Isn't that pathetic
If they want to hear my all of me
Everybody knows that they uh
Was here my material as soon or later on there
And everybody feels material
Everybody else that they ripped off
Because they ain't gotten the material they're on
But keep talking about us
We need all the information we can get
Paul and old Ron
Idiots
And Chris and this and other Ojohn provocative
Or Chris is trying to like oh jeez
Don't you feel really bad you can know
Not really i'm doing just fine Chris
I paycheck showed up two days early this week
And I guarantee you that paycheck is more than you make in a whole year
And that's only for two weeks
Chris
Whoever you are
Oh and i'm talking to our Chris
Well
Sorry Chris
Yeah no problem
Maybe it was from you
I don't know
Not with him from me
Oh
998 and the pool
And next time I click this baby we're going to go to a thousand
There's that Mahmoud Ahmedina Jud on her wow
I get sexual excitement from saying that
Mahmoud Ahmedina Jud
I get like a tickle in my tonsils when I say that
I don't even have any tonsils
Don't you
You know that's a funny thing about that
A hundred years ago when I was five years old
I had my tonsils out
Like most people do as a kid you know
And I can remember it
I remember it okay
I remember them giving me the gas you know
Maybe that's all that gas came from
Did they give you ice cream
By the way next time we're not giving me ice cream
That would have pleased me
I don't know I don't remember that part
But I'm serious I can actually remember
Waking up after being blacked out from the gas you know
That's still got none
Huh still got none
And the other thing I remember from five years old
As I fell down
Outside the screen door of our house
And we had like a um
We had like a little piece of sidewalk there
And it was like all really rough and rocky
Like rocky road
That's where that was to come from rocky road
That's what imprinted rocky road in my brain
Is when I fell down on that rocky piece of sidewalk
Huh
Makes sense
Yeah all of a sudden this craft has come back to me now in my simility
At any rate so I have even to this day I still have a uh
Scar on my forehead where you stay up here
Way up there on time and that's the hole in my head
You know always people saying boy you got a hole in your head
What are you right?
I got a hole in my head
That christia christian reminds me a little bit of a lie almost
But a little bit different bent you know I mean
Yeah thousand votes there you go christ
I'm talking about christ the facts you're not christ the fat board op
Yes of course
We got a thousand votes are you impressed?
Very
Good no you know
You even have two for eggheads
We have two for egghead we got a couple of eggheads
We got no eggplants I'm not big on eggplants
No
Slime eggplant parmesan you know I mean
I like parmesan and anything I like anything which is
But eggplant is I mean it's okay
And supposedly very good for you which is probably why it tastes really crappy
I'm thinking about that big tub of hot fudge again
No ice cream just a tub
Hahaha
Yeah why don't you just climb in the tub and uh instead of eating it
What do you mean by that?
Just bathing it just smear the ice cream all over your mouth
You smear it all over me
What do you think that if it was you think that if I was at a tub of hot fudge like it uh
Nice uh warmed up uh
Nuke the temperature I wouldn't be getting my licks are you crazy?
I'd be looking my elbows and my shoulders
Uh-huh
In fact I just realized I can actually lick my shoulder
Really
Ferranti war activist turning against housemajority leader Stan Hoyer was only the beginning
The liberal group move on.org ran radio ads this week
Chastising the southern Maryland Democrat for voting against a measure that would have forced to withdraw from rack within
Hundred eighty days
But that attack ed was nothing compared with the vitriol unleashed yesterday
As war opponents lit into the rest of the democratic leadership for a green and draper would draw a timeline from the erect spending bill
And abandonment of our troops and a silence of the will of the american people said win without war director Tom Andrews
Stick it to them Tom
It's remarkable that they can't stand up to president Bush and Susan Shayer director of women's action for new direction
Six months ago move on cheered the democratic takeover of congress leaders of the group which claims three point two million members
Express cautious support for the new majorities
A plan to start forcing them to the world by attaching conditions to spending
But after learning about the latest version of the bill after this sellout after Bush vetoed one that had timelines
The group began threatening to recruit challengers and democrats who supported voters elected democrats in November
Lead the way of the mess in a rack said Eli Periser is that how he says name. I would say wrong
Periser
Eli Periser move on school election director. How do you know it's periser?
That's a wall when we spoke to him. It was periser. Well Eli Eli is coming
He said his members want to group to consider all options for democrats
You're man on ending the war but both for more chaos and more troops the reaction swift and angry makes clear
The pressure confronted congressional democrats who find themselves coffeeed between any war activists and on the yielding commander in chief
Bush is about another veto
If congress ties fund you deadlines for withdrawal democrats like to both store for that action
And party leaders fear the political consequences of only cut off funds altogether
Democratic leaders have tried the cast that he only negotiated with the white houses
Step forward ending the war for the first time they say congress would establish benchmarks for rags government
And require Bush to report on progress
Zach Messeet director of the Center for Study of Democracy in St. Mary's College of Maryland said democrats might have not to have much to fear from angry
Liberals at least not for now
It's a year plus until primary time which is a long ways away
He said people understand the nuances enough to know that there are certain political compromises that
Need and have to be made in order to gather together the broadest consensus
But divisions over the issue are deep and widening even among democratic leaders
How speak your Nancy Pelosi's indicated she'll vote against funding without timelines
Wisconsin Senator Russ Fungal said he couldn't support a bill that contains nothing more than
Toothless benchmark what we saw yesterday they lack of will man. Yeah, we'll be done with the word
I beg your pardon to get to us you go Russ. I remember two flips from the race from pop it apart
There was a guy called topless. I'm at ease dead now
Fat Richard remember him but fat riches dead to Jesus Christ so many dead people so fine, huh? So is he
Thousand four rights
Thousand four votes on the pool now. What do you think of that Moa business?
You really have like a big Moa segment for me to be the only favorite
Are they really?
Yeah, and I will say this getting back to the don't play a fart. See there was nothing bad in there and I was KJ
But then I found a couple of several book of Brian bits that start right out with like
Like that one right, you know, I can't that's about all I can play that and then there's another one
I can't even play it all now there is one here that's just remember we played machine gun by the Commodore is yesterday right
I better not play it
No, no, no, no, I know exactly what I know exactly the drop you're talking about well
I mean that could be anything. Yeah, this business of what constitutes a farting suffer the interesting part of it is that none of these sound effects are real
Farts I know so what what constant is anybody ever heard farting sounds it sound like those are the
Sense of any of those decisions. What about the English language words? We're not a lot of use anymore. What about them
Like duchy box like that one. Yeah, like scum
Box right
108 maybe on the pool thousand eight votes that thing about Ron and Paul that is most amusing. This is a guy
Who desperately not that many years ago desperately wanted to come over to a QAmen do mornings
He wanted away from clear channels so badly he could taste it and then he lied about it on a year
Just like he lied about running into me at the sawgrass which I never seen him
You know I saw him once in my life. I was at a hockey him 100 years ago. They were my marina and he goes on here
Oh, I rented near Rogers of the sawgrass. You're just a big blowhard, Paul. He wanted to admit it, okay
God
Just pathetic and now he's gonna make hey, uh, you know getting the near Rogers listeners to tune in you should live so wrong
They know that you're there. You've been there a zillion years and once during my knock to rest for your radio
That was the only thing that left you that opening when he was on used to beat the crap out of you
But nevertheless, we'll see in the next this next trend. Okay, because then there have been on I think for a month
Without extended like from suit from what is it five in the morning till midnight something like that
Said the big one and the interesting part of it is in the book
They were doing great with the music after 10 o'clock now. We got Paul and Ron on 15 hours ago
If it's good, baby, if they're doing a number drive it into the ground
And I did that thing again, you know, I can't believe I keep doing that. They'll do it all because
That's enough of that I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers
Multiple an hour
baby
He's a football player you do a silent world of meat
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to build two feet
I want to hear him go on the day, but there's no chance at all
So does my baby a sports quiz if I want to see him grab the balls
Absolutely
Wow
See
I got a high-density screen that helps me see his bones
I can do what I want to but I ain't gonna never get none
No, the days of a busy school. Okay, that's not so great
But I'm just gonna know that it's not me at least until he's 28
Great
I want some wings
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy
Oh
Look at that kid
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy
Oh
I gotta call here is a number one graded in the mohalla the day when it is shown
At least according to my aspirations
Stay away from me. I don't even know how you have children. Bera-baah. Hello
I want to take on J. Feeder
J. Feeder is a great quarterback and a good Jew
I like J. Feeder
Well, not to mention he's got an extraordinarily smooth
The boxes
It's gotta be different what you say here
No, no wait a minute. Don't go
I have nothing else to say
Look at that how about this how's the weather down there in the mirror mod
I'm right down the street from you
I have to go oh wait by the way
Look I tell you what I'll hold you open a break house down
I'll give you one of my old tank t-shirts
Just that
No way true that was the only color we had
The things on your nose is blowing again
They're going going going going
They're going going going
They're going going
They're going going
They're going going
Wow
You got things with all things
On your nose and on your face
And around those golden pimples
You fall behind
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
If you go love it up here I don't see
A road map of YSL and C
You got your happy son
Way to die, die, die, die, die
Wow, wow
I know it's close when something stays
Almost every day I see
And my veins just really start to tickle
My underwear is a little bit too much
Oh, yeah, I hope I got one of my
And because I don't regret the old part
The more I tell the best
The more I go baby
Yeah, yeah, yeah
The more I tell the best
The more I tell the best
And say it's kind of the smell of rain
I would have to blanket
Cause it's okay
Mm, mm, mm...
Tell me  rpm
Tell him t rpm
Run out of strength
Tell me 
I'mbows
Oh my god
Hay

Wait a second.
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I just know how to do it today.
We're gonna have a little union here.
They'll be an eye.
They have the little problem with the starting show feed today.
I think that this satellite fell down as something.
Yeah! Like your butt!
Ow!
Why I'll have you know my butt tucks under likefully fine.
Thank you very much.
Now if they don't mind, let's return to the Sanctity of Sports.
How about a little touchy feeling?
Now see here!
Over here!
What's he hearing?
Yeah, it's so stupid.
I am so stupid like they say.
I'm the official voice of the Pantons!
Yeah!
Why I'll have you know I made my bones when you were in embryo.
How do you know?
There's something I never told you.
I'm your father.
Daddy!
Son!
I'm an embryo.
That's just dumb out of hand.
That was a boss of wild!
You see all readings for the last book?
Yeah! I know he's worth nothing.
Sure. He wouldn't possibly be us.
Watch your back, you fat guy.
When you won't wait for long, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Watch your back, you fat guy.
When you won't wait for long, no, no, no, no!
I got enough. I gotta think about them.
I'm top of getting right there,
and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do longer, the sun does not get anymore.
They gotta wake a little hotter on the guest you love.
A rose it gots to go.
There's a lot of fat producers here now.
That's right watch your back.
That's right watch your back.
When you won't wait for no more no more no more no more no more no more.
Watch your back.
When you won't wait for no more no more.
Oh brother, all that blah blah I don't understand.
Now you can eat from a truff while you was in both hands.
That big fat punch you made a rating.
You just like clinging it all your fuck.
And it's straightening up fat ass out.
When you won't wait for no more no more old.
First of all the fat stuffin' it all
Money free!
Now start the flame y
You don't know me where the hell am I?
Oh wait...
That' all my life!
Who would have known.
Here come back and get to the bag.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
Are you jumbled!
Are you jumbled!
Are you j blind!
The deaf are blind!
It is so lousy!
The deaf are blind!
Now that you learned how to hardly forget,
you can reply all those numerous questions!
I will fight with my soul, not yet what I want
Hey, Miss Poppao Man, please take me out of there
The doctor's going to run, and the doctor's gonna die to death
Save me, the mole man, they're dying to take me out of those
The doctor's gonna run, the doctor's gonna die
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
Now you
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
The doctor's gonna die to death
Theocola endpoint
The Doctor's gonna die to death
The, the mole man
Here
What the murderer's going to...
...for she
I don't know what she's talking about
but!
I never said pototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototot
You've been broke my internship at the Uretings and Dianne, and how?
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass, and I was to your hand, how?
You get quite somebody good enough to film my baggy pants?
Are you needy?
Very no chance, I'll ever be coming back.
How tight are you considering a lucrative income direct?
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the downder, why?
That's easy.
Sure.
Well, I want a brand new Uretings and switched it for no at all.
And even Phone they're just above me Massage them with Yom Shin-cheon.
And we did stop all you need to know
Now we can't control all you need to know
You can't control all you need to show
And don't blow
My boy, look at him, he's a little bit too old
And you have to fight away something
He has to take hold of you to give me this
You're a black-knit scene
What the hell are you gonna go fight me?
Crapie head and mole
That was a good statement I enjoyed
I got to triple and my tonsils from it
I don't even have any more
We got all about the tonsil operies
They're good to mow in the gildy there
That's one of my favorites
Is it really?
Sure
And of course there's a whole bunch more
But a whole bunch mow
But yeah, I don't want to overdo it
I might just do it though
Because it is a holiday show
It's May 25th
It's the Memorial Day weekend
We can't go out and Bobby Cue and get drunk
You can get out to 20 kegs of beer
And just lay in the backyard in the prone position
And maybe if you open your mouth
A zillion dollars from Heaven will fall in it
But I doubt it
Don't swallow it
Not a good idea
10-40 on the pool
You know something for a holiday here
Chris, you're doing pretty well
I say you
Because you're the new pool man
Now you're after the last couple of days
You're in charge
Why thank you
Chris is in the pool position
Gacing you're on QAM
We don't have any national guards in there
Because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now
Not the National Guard
Not the National Guard
No National Guard in Iraq?
There's no National Guard at now
Hey everybody
I can't do it again, it's not gonna get again
We got it, I know this boy, boy, can't
So take a beer and drink again
I'm enjoying it
Yeah, enjoy it
I'm enjoying it
Enjoy it
Enjoy it, enjoy it
Enjoy it, enjoy it
Enjoy it, enjoy it
Enjoy it, enjoy it
Hey everybody
Want a penny
because I don't know
But I know the first package
It's also for a success
A-attone!
Joey!
a-atone!
Big-Ie unemployment,
A-atone!
A-atone!
B-I-in-Feezing-Us-!
I thought I never said stand up!
I was just gonna take a shot over here!
I was gonna show you a knife!
She can't be that!
I'm doing a swagger now!
How are you doing all day?
Shopping for jelly shows!
Are you gonna be the best?
I'm gonna be the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I am the best!
I should have avoid the back of town!
Why you lose!
Ah!
I got a whole new sport-hole booth!
I know everything that's going on in Thanos!
Why I even know all the new Maja rules!
I'm hip to the joke!
Daddy, oh!
You imagine knowing that I like
It's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way for you, but when they drop my voice will change.
You little smoothies, you little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
Nobody can tell me what they're doing.
What's this?
Maybe I don't know where they're going to keep going.
Alright.
Alright, alright.
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
What's going on?
It's a show and a show.
Everything is a conspiracy.
That's right.
I've got one for you I'm pretty.
Yeah, if I could be back to the piece of mine.
Why am little I low?
You little boys.
You little boys.
You little boys.
on opponents
Thats sooo good
Oh see heakes in my mind
The Painlessness not Others
I'm the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people of the world, the voice of the people
The voice of the people of the world, the voice of the sound of scream Ninjigaki Four Tuesday off Saturday, 9 o'clock, 9 o'clock, 7 o'clock
Ra defines what we hate.
ge
Like a lot of weed game here for some hurry
Hey, knock for love, how I have a
Boy!
How family well underrated
No hope would be found
Boy!
I'd rather run back
I'd enough to bring some features down
Then you walk in the studio
And put the whole party in your bath
To meet that feature
And I'd rather run back
That's my key, sir!
And I'd rather run back
What, you dirty little
I don't care if I was your star
To death, it's no concern
Wow!
How have you known
It's more important for me
Who survived?
Wow!
You grant me
My soul never retain
In title, it's a besides
I only had an ugly
And you againshit
And you still
of the slass of the pizza
I wish I knew who I was
And I'd actually plucked up PC
Who essentially looking like a
I'd rather run back
I
think he made that story up. I think there was just your anti-mobiles that made it hold you up about all made up
Even though we have a low power 96 now those people still employed there
They all gone the one that I know of is still there really I never knew the other one in the story
Well, who is the other one? Like I just said I didn't know who the other one was like a music person a consultant
To you know somebody on the other side of the building somebody knows over and then somebody on
You're like in fact I can't wait based on that phony Chris who's obviously a studio over there
I can't wait until old Paul and ancient Ron star playing
Don't don't don't that yeah
Really said that they're gonna make a whole show out of my material
Hey, I've got credit this time. They can't play any of it anyhow. I beg your friend at least you got credit this time
Yeah, that's right. That's the first at least they're crediting me for whatever they're gonna steal
But they can't play it anyway, I just can't wait here
D'oh do D'oh do that
And then Tickin Echo over there like a P on their front lawn. You'll see he won't be too happy about that
Go for yet now through June 4th. That's a week from Monday
BSO deputies will join with other law enforcement officers to run Florida and the nation to make sure you don't have too happy of a holiday period
To firmly enforce vehicle seatbelden child restrain laws motorists pulled over this moral day holiday weekend
We're not buckle will be ticketed no warnings. Click it or ticket is what they're saying
uh... do it or
right through the head in addition via so-called the u.i. saturation patrols
from eight p.m. tonight till five o'clock on uh...
Sunday morning all weekend
and there is a lot of corporate central brown open park ten right here for
the beach and poppie no beach
and period raffles be identified you i was will be actively in for
the matches blow your way
just do that as a pivotservice to try to like you know advanced warning just
so you know
how we do not have to pull christ what are we gonna go for today
twelve
and
yeah let's go for twelve no way
yeah we can go to a hundred on on the Friday of Memorial Day holiday we can
get ten sixty two which ain't bad
i mean we have to do it
what we have now and a half we still got an hour and a half are you
smitten me
holy crap
better fight off that
old
and your official home
but my ammy dolphins football
jacentair festival
all right
and
and
radio
five
six
if there's a
but i smell
the
the
the
the
i don't give a
that very
if he was
the
the
i'll have you
know
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
and
uh...
ba
you
know
that
is
and
and
azing
Yuker
hat
and
Go in 6 to 10 and I'll get 5, a Gentile in the cranky duel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You gotta have your weary bed, strap on to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
And I'd rather die, with the graphics together.
I'll have you know that I'm a big buggy Jew, her Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raised by everybody but you, you're not high-tie.
Me and Maul, with that wood blow, the way that it we had a fight,
that you survived, who'd wanna hear a Gentile, and push it right.
That's happy to get out.
I'll show it to you and me, for me, is much better 6 to 10, not 5.
It's only right that I should get for sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think we might be happy to get there.
What can we be better?
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air because I think
it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and said I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the
grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca.
It's like it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So just want to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you and I don't want to hear
you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
No, no, no, no.
92 Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
No.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else,
but it's over.
Me and you done by done.
I know that.
So what's going to happen if Joe Rose comes back?
Are they going to just shut down across the street or what?
They're going to shut the door and throw away the game might as well.
They got a lot of money though.
Then of course if your Rose does, I'm going to be a part of it.
So they have a lot of money.
Maybe they'll become a real radio station.
When is that going to happen?
I don't think it will.
Here's a Pines Pig report from Pete the Board of Up.
Look at that.
I see the name of the top here on the header.
Eastbound just after I-75 is your exit speed limit at Pines Boulevard is 45.
They give you a free gift.
It says thank God there's no real crime in the lovely city.
Oh yeah, that's the big thing in Pembroke Pines in that whole area is speed traps.
It says four.
Can you read that?
No.
Right across from the police station in the apartment complex, four robberies.
At some point this week right across from the police station in the apartment complex,
good resources as well as spent.
Pete's pissed off because they got the upgrade.
The pigs are out there again.
Oh, the pig report there.
I know money.
And arresting criminals.
That's correct.
Well that's dangerous work.
It's not like shooting a fish in a barrel.
How are we doing out of public?
1100 yet because Chris says we're going to make 12 even on a holiday Friday.
I think he's nuts.
10-70-8.
10-76.
I don't think so.
But we'll see.
You fooled me.
You fooled a hell out of me yesterday boy.
You could have knocked me over with a feather duster.
I'll tell you that right now.
Scott in New York formerly Scott and Boston factures and says a quick heads up.
Last night I attended a party for the release of Joan Osborne's new CD, Breakfast and Bed.
Oh, do we love Joan Osborne or what?
Again.
We have so freaking lootly, baby.
In fact, what did I put in the top thing here?
I don't want to hear that in a love train.
I do like love train.
I love love train.
Who doesn't?
I don't know if somebody with bad taste, I guess.
If somebody with no taste in music, you wouldn't know anything about that.
What do you mean you like it?
You can't even taste the music occasionally.
Right.
And then every now and then you go off the deep end and start playing at the end.
Your taste died inside of you.
Oh, yes, you are.
What?
Oh, there it is.
What's about Joan Osborne?
There it is.
He sang a few tracks off the album which includes covers of contemporary classics like Mid-Ride
Train to Jojo, Natural High and Eight No Sunshine.
Oh my God.
Eight No Sunshine.
She brought down the house.
I wonder if she sang eight No Farts Sounds No More.
I don't have to tell you what a phenomenal talent she is, but I continue to audition where
talent she's a down-to-earth, generous person.
She warmly greeted and spoke it like with everyone who approached her at class act, called
Out About the Stage.
The album is great.
I highly recommend it to Scott in New York.
I've been off to play on four different dreams.
That was spine-tammer.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm going to take some right now.
I'm about to show you a lot of trash in the eight days.
Who's reading your boxes, dude?
Can you break it?
I dare you, where are still...
Recto!
I don't start yet now.
Too many recommendations.
I would run all the trains to Austin, Texas.
How many are we allowed for?
530, man!
Where the very love and laters that next to mine...
What you gotta think, dude?
She has to fight with all her sight.
I was more than happy to.
And now there's more I'd like to do.
I wanna kiss her, but she won't let me.
I wanna whisper sweet enough that I'm in her ear.
I wanna hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
Recto!
I wanna kiss her, but she won't let me.
When she returned, she said she was an actress.
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening.
Which she'd been sitting on.
The same as we did she could be.
But I could clearly see.
She was the kind of girl who stole and hearts.
Then Recto!
Recto!
Recto!
I wanna kiss her, but...
I'm hearing an echo.
She won't let me.
You heard me.
I wanna whisper sweet enough that I'm in her ear.
Recto!
I wanna hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
I wanna kiss her, but...
She won't let me.
Oh my god.
Well, I'll never forget that dream ran down to Austin.
We're shayr to sweet.
And we shared our tales.
Recto!
But as my heart flies to leave her behind.
Regrets are all I find.
Because I hope that you'll get that girl in the end.
Recto!
I wanna kiss her, but...
She won't let me.
I wanna whisper sweet enough that I'm in her ear.
Recto!
I wanna hold her behind.
Close doors and more.
Oh my god.
I wanna kiss her, but...
Recto!
I wanna kiss her, but...
Recto!
I wanna kiss her, but...
She won't let me.
Recto!
Hell!
It damn they're killing them.
Okay, calm down.
1249, 11 before 1.
Now you're gonna get Joyce down that.
You know, one too many rectums.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We have a cold up.
How that old thing goes?
One too many rectums.
As a broth?
Sometimes I don't know who it is.
Yeah.
Who's rectum?
Okay, anyway, let's take a look at that pool now.
A 1090 fold, man.
We're gonna have over 1100.
I don't think you're gonna make no 12.
I think you're dreaming.
I'm a screaming if you're dreaming.
I have faith.
Good article by Andrew Sullivan.
Hey, Andrew!
You're fair!
In the Atlantic Monthly Online.
I'm usual for him.
It's about Barack Obama.
My man.
Anyway, Andrew Sullivan says I went to CEO of Amal last night.
He had a fundraiser at age 20.
A Yuppie disco restaurant in Southwest DC.
I was curious about how he is in person.
I'm still absorbing the many impressions I got.
But one thing stays in my head.
This guy is a liberal.
Make no mistake about that.
He may in fact be the most effective liberal
I've ever heard in my lifetime.
As a conservative, I think he could be absolutely lethal
to what's left of the tradition of individualism,
suffer lines and small government that I find myself
quick, aesthetically attached to.
And as a simple observer, I really don't see what's stopping him
from becoming the next president.
The overwhelming first impression that you get from the exhausted
but vibrant stump speech that I've heard
from the crowd, the struggle of various applause lines,
is that this is the candidate for real change.
He has what Reagan had in 1982.
The wind at his back.
Sometimes elections really do come down to a simple choice.
Change or more the same.
Look at the polls and forget the ideology for a moment.
What Americans really want right now?
Change.
Who offers the best chance to turn the page cleanly
on an era most want to forget?
It isn't Clinton, God help us.
Edwards is so 2004.
McCain is a throwback.
Romney makes plastic look real.
Rudy does offer something new for Republicans.
The abortion-friendly cross-dressing Jack Bauer.
But nobody captures the sheer pet up desire
for news star more effectively than Obama.
From the content and structure of Obama's pitch
to the base, it's also clear to me that whatever illusions I had
about his small sea conservatism,
he's a big government liberal with for a liberal
the most attractive persona and best developed arguments
since JFK.
I fear he could do to conservatism with Reagan to deliver
aism and just as liberals deserve this lacking in 1980,
so do conservatives today.
In the Bush era, they've shown their own content
for their own tradition.
Who can blame Obama for exploiting the big government arguments?
Bush has already conceded.
And just as Carter brained a liberalism in a bad way
for a generation, so Bush and his academics
have poisoned the brand of conservatism for the foreseeable future.
When you take a few steps back and look closely,
you realize that Bush has managed both to be
trade conservatism and stigmatize it all at once.
That's quite an achievement.
Obama's speech began and continued with domestic policy.
War? What war?
There was one tiny fleeting mention of the terror threat.
Yes, this is the base.
Yes, the base's fixation is any war in Iraq.
Yes, you can make an argument that would draw there now
as a boon of the terror war, but Obama didn't make that argument.
And it seems to me that the two biggest obstacles
of battle have next year are residual racism and concern
that he doesn't fully grasp the seriousness of the Islamist
terror threat.
He's been proven right on Iraq, I'm sorry to say,
and that good call, and the reasons he gave for it in 2003,
will surely undermine the case against his inexperience.
Inexperience to rightly scoff if experience means backing
the war in Iraq, I'm glad I don't have as much of it as Clinton
and McCain and Giuliani, he'll say.
But he must tell us how were to stay on the offense in this war
if he stood over warriors like me?
To listen to a stump speech, five or so years after 9-11,
and wait for almost half a speech until he mentions it is disconcerting.
And yet, it is also bound up surely with his appeal.
That appeal is partly to take us past the 9-11 moment
and describe a journey forward that isn't obviously in the darkness.
Two further impressions, and a couple of points in his speech,
he used the phrase, this is not who we are.
I was struck by the power of those words.
He was reassuring that America is much more than George W. Bush
and Dick Cheney and Gipmo and Abu Ghrib and...
And Katrina and fear and obstancy and isolation.
And so it makes an argument for change in the language of restoration
that temperamental conservatism, Earth, Hero, former patriotism
and the ideological liberals who are a note of radicalism.
It's a powerful unifying theme. He'd be smart to deepen and broaden it.
My favorite moment was a very simple one.
We referred to the anniversary of the March on Selma,
how he went and how he came back and someone said to him,
that was a great celebration of African American history,
to which Obama said, no, no, no, no, that was not a great celebration
of African American history. That was a celebration of American history.
Yes, there's a reason for his wider appeal.
The overwhelming question for me at this point in his historic campaign
is a simple one. Who will stop him?
How do you like that from that self-hating fact? I mean, from my Andrew Sullivan.
You go right through. Yeah, through.
Far. You go, Drew. Drew Z. Come on.
Uh-huh. And now...
Okay, we got over 1100 votes on the full.
I think Chris has got his thumb right in there deeply, maybe,
and wait till he pulls it out. Wow.
There's going to be right in explosion.
1104 is what we got on the pool on Friday,
the Memorial Day holiday weekend.
You know something? This week, after that horrible start.
And you know why we had a horrible start to the week?
Because of that phone call, man, from Fat Geology.
Thank you, Joe.
Ain't no parts of that. That was the whole thing.
Ain't no fun.
And people like that, Chris, the facts here,
who, like I said, is obviously a set up in the phone
and trying to get everybody all whipped up.
We don't really care, okay?
Let me say it again. If that's the reason to listen to a radio show
with your fart sounds, if that's the only thing I have going here,
then there's no reason to listen to it. Period.
If that's all I got going,
anybody can play sound effects, okay? Like that.
All of them, nobody else can play that one.
And nobody else can play...
Because chicken echo will come there in the P all over your head.
Won't he?
At twice.
Okay, here's the pool thing.
Whits label best describes you during your school years.
Now, we're going to leave this up all weekend.
I mean, this is the pool for today. I don't know.
I feel unclean doing that, don't you?
But it'll do.
That was a pretty good article there,
even Andrew Solomon is mighty impressed by Barack Obama.
I'm Tonya. I've been Tonya for a long time.
He is the man. He's got it.
Whatever it is, he's got it.
You'll see, he's going to pass her like she's laid out on the floor.
And wouldn't be the first time in swallery.
See, I'm sure there are a lot of swalleries supporters like,
oh, you know, we're pretty upset with what you're saying about swallery.
Well, too bad, it's the truth.
She is the most polarizing, the most...
Nothing. She ain't nothing.
She's Bill Clinton's wife, period.
In name only, I think.
Do you think that's a two of them ever like, no, of course not.
I don't even want to think about it.
Fifty-twenty years ago.
Yeah, I don't want to think of it.
Yeah, how old are they?
Which label best describes you during your school year's loner 172?
That's been leading the pack ever since.
Class clown 136.
Social hot cast 125.
Pothead 108.
Jock 95.
I better play that boobs a lot.
Do you worry you're a jock a lot?
Yeah, I played a lot.
Boops a lot.
Nerd 85.
Well, that maybe, you know, that 850 on there,
it doesn't have any audience.
It's got that point.
Oh!
Even with man-counting, the billboards, they still can't find one person.
Listen to it.
That would be good for them.
Nerd 85.
Wouldn't be good slogan.
They're a fisher.
High achiever 82.
Boyd 45.
Cassanova 44.
You're likely story.
Probably Paul Castanova.
Packed Cassanova.
Trouble maker 43.
Drug E37.
Flunky 21.
Dumber than Durd.
R.C. Farsi 21.
Teachers pet 20.
Sexpot 19.
Slot 18.
Lots of goodmatch 19.
Sexpots and 18.
Slots.
Nine dealers, nine airheads, nine bullies, four eggheads.
We're moving up there on the eggheads.
Three knocked up and three bomb shells.
The one to two hour, it's a phenomenon.
So, uh, what is a...
Davey Gravy life?
I'm dying on the air, what you're sweet and full.
That's a duly.
While your window is open,
I'm out and turned.
I feel secure,
because your temper will watch while you're in the dark.
Oi!
Windows open!
Poor Eric Clapton, baby.
Let's teach him how to shut them windows or the maid or whoever we're saying it on.
I think it was what you're in, they're made from the Jefferson's.
What was the name?
I don't remember.
Florence.
Okay.
102-560-1.
You better get with your Jefferson's trivia man between stars.
Good times, not that I like good times.
It was a bad time.
It was bad times.
When I showed it was bad times,
but I did like that theme song.
No, I'm not going to play it again.
Whatever you want.
Orson, that's right, whatever I want is right.
And you notice how it's already two minutes after one.
We've got 1119 votes on the pool.
We will make 1200 this hour by hooker by crook.
I don't know, I have any idea how.
Do you think that the price of gas has caused a lot of people to stay home?
So what's the story here?
I thought we were going to be talking to a skeleton crew today.
Well, I mean, how would the Monty's trying to halala, how's that?
I don't know, I'm not going to be in a video.
He's never been in the other day.
The way things are going with the jolly fat Joe, you know.
Now we're doing all right.
You'll see, we'll crack a one in the next round.
You'll see.
We'll crack.
I'll stake my life on it.
We'll crack.
We'll crack the one in the next one.
And of course, there are some people out there who will not crack a one.
They'll start with a, like that.
I hate to think who they might be.
And North of the Irish Jewish synagogue that's been barred from opening an outreach center
in Cooper City's commercial district is suing the city, claiming the municipality's owning laws
are illegal and designed to protect its adfluram tax base according to a lawsuit found in
federal court today.
Orthodox Jews, man, all the guest fees all the time put on those big hats.
It's only 148 in the shade.
Now what is the temperature there?
Because you're Northeast, huh?
Like outside?
Well, I'm not talking about, I know what's the other whole window.
Hot and muggy.
Hot and muggy.
Well, that's all I'm trying to do.
I know what a temperature.
I don't need a number.
I don't need a number.
It's 27 Celsius here, which means it's like a 80 something.
I don't know what that translates to.
It's pretty hot yesterday.
It was hot.
You know what?
That's great with me.
Early summer.
I like it.
All the people are running around scantily, clad out there.
The guys are running around naked.
They're neat, cap stuff like that.
It's kind of fun.
Cooper City has a complete city.
And that's what I started to say about the Orthodox about the Hossiti meter with the big hats and the heavy coats.
And I mean, this is the time of the year when it starts.
Oh, man.
There's an aroma of something in the air, you know?
An aroma of guest fusing.
Cooper City has a complete city wide band and all commercial areas said four-letter day attorney Franklin Zemel, who's representing the Habbat of Nova, which is temporarily operating in Davy.
Oh, my God.
Who would have ever dreamed of Orthodox Jews in Davy, even though horses aren't too happy about that.
If you're an adult bookstore, you can operate in the commercial district.
But if you're a religious organization, you can't.
Well, I'm off for the adult bookstore.
It's not against the religious organizations.
How do you like that?
It makes sense to me.
Sure.
According to the lawsuit, the city is discriminated against houses of worship for 30 years.
I'm obligating them to the Western Agricultural and Lee Zone Board as a Cooper City in order to protect its valuable tax base.
Well, who wants a budget?
Getskies running them on in the middle of a valuable commercial zone.
Nobody wants that.
Zemel is the same attorney who successfully represented Habbat Lubavitch in its fight to operate a synagogue in two Hollywood Hills homes.
After the years of legal wrangling, Habbat Lubavitch received a $2 million settlement from the city's insurance company and the right to gradually expand without having to apply for a special permit.
Well, you know what a coxahoyce? That's my message to them.
Zemel said today the Cooper City case is completely different because it involves a citywide ban provading all religious assemblies from all commercial districts in the city.
Good.
I like Cooper City.
I always liked it and I like him a lot more.
It's all about money in Cooper City's Zemel said this is not a situation we're looking to move into a neighborhood.
I see part of this is chopped off.
There's some kind of an ad over here and I hate when I do that.
I go to all the work of printing this crap out and there's some stupid ad.
Damn it.
Condominiums on Los Olas and that one looks pretty interesting from 500 grand over two million.
Along with your new car, I think I'll buy your condo on Los Olas.
All right, I need one.
You can meet up with your girlfriend. That's right.
How does a place of worship begin if there's not a stir front in the city?
It can move into Zemel.
I asked and if you want to put it in a private, if you want to put it in a private house with 300 feet of front, it does make any sense because it's chopped off.
Christ.
Last October, Cooper City relaxed its ordinance by including houses of worship and recreation and facilities.
But the commercial district ban remained.
And it goes on about this one to this and who the hell cares?
Stop opening up all these places anyway for Getsvies.
Start coming in the late 18th century for crying out loud.
Put away the big hats and the heavy coats and the long beards and the payas and all this other meas of crap.
Meas of crap.
Speaking of a Hillary, meas of crap.
That's what comes to my mind.
Meas of crap.
Well, she was before, before she was against it.
It's just like, you know, Carrie, the same crap.
It's scary.
And here I thought she had balls, you know what?
1128 votes in that poll.
We need 72 votes in 54 minutes.
That should be doable, you know what?
It's a good thing we are here, but we are doing good things.
The last time I spoke with him was on his 19th birthday.
This is the kid that they found the body of yesterday and there's his father like supporting the war.
Troops deserve our prayer.
This is a guy who just sacrificed his 19 or 20 year old son.
It's his stepfather.
Oh, it's his stepfather, see?
I see.
It was his real father.
He would feel a little bit differently.
I don't want to diminish his, you know, not going for whatever.
You people have let your kids go and you know, sign up voluntarily.
We don't have any draft.
It's all voluntary now so they can be shipped off and butchered so that the neocons can try to get their hands on the oil.
In fact, I got a really good article here by Dennis Kassinich.
Little Dennis.
Boy, he sure makes a lot of sense, but of course he's got that one real problem that prevents him from ever being taken seriously.
Oh, he's a little jai, kind of funny looking guy.
And that's the problem.
He's got a teeth.
And he's got the funny teeth.
He looks to their goofy.
Steven Koff in the Eccleveland plain dealer says it's all about Iraq's oil.
Rich abundant and coveted by multinational companies waiting to line their deep pockets.
Or so said representative Dennis Kassinich yesterday and unusual hour long address on the house floor.
He laid out his contention that the White House and Democratic-led Congress are helping oil companies grab a stake in a racks vast oil fields
by claiming to be interested in merely in winding down the road in Iraq.
The claim is brought Kassinich's derision with his own Democratic party because they can't handle the truth.
Leaders reject this suggestion that they would help privatize Iraq oil and Republicans dismiss him altogether with Republican party spokesman Dan Ronan saying
it sounds like Congressman Kassinich is trying to get noticed with a nutty conspiracy theory.
But elements of Kassinich's claim appear to be based on theories about geopolitics and oil as much as on any conspiracy.
At the heart of the issue was a mission that if ratified by the Iraqi parliament would set the stage for rebuilding the war torn countries oil industry.
Oil and Iraq were the world's third biggest reserves could pay for massive reconstruction modernization.
But Iraq's pipelines and terminals have been neglected or sabotaged.
The industry needs to be rebuilt.
Yet there is promise since only 15 of Iraq's 74 discovered oil fields have been developed.
According to a study by Army Amy Myers-Jaffee, a fellow in energy studies at Rice University in Houston.
Who should develop what? What role should bag that play and what role should provincial governments have?
If private industry helps, how should it be rewarded?
The framework for answering these questions is the bill before the Iraqi parliament bill that's been gaining detractors in Iraq.
Some members of Congress, but Dr. Sennich, say it or some other so-called hydrocarbon that could serve as a benchmark for Congress and the administration to measure Iraq's progress.
It could be a measure on which the base of an eventual withdrawal of American troops, but the measure itself has mired in disagreement in Iraq with Sunni's incurs differing on the central question of provincial versus central control.
Some in Iraq see the measure as a way for Western corporations to gain control through revenue sharing provisions.
Everyone knows that the oil law doesn't serve the Iraqi people that it serves bush his supporters and the foreign companies all at the expense of the Iraqi people who have been wronged and deprived of the right to the oil despite all in doing all difficulties.
Hassan and Jim Wah Awad, head of the Iraq Federation Board Union, said in a make-troph-letters Democrats in U.S. Congress.
There's another view, Iraq's oil industry is in shambles and needs help and outside experts keep getting killed.
Multinational oil companies who share holders expect a return investment could help.
Iraq could go at a loan, but getting a higher oil law foot could require hard decisions, including possible under-investment other areas of the country's economy.
Jeffies and Alas said Iraq needs up to $10 billion to restore production to pre-war levels and more than 20 billion, a major investment program to raise output to about 5 million barrels a day, the high end of its historical production levels.
If it's decided that higher levels of production are desired, Jeffy wrote, it's inevitable that the potential role of outside investors and lenders will loom large.
While that doesn't mean companies would give the resource and expertise out of charity, carrying matu-stick as spokeswoman for the American patrolling institute says it doesn't mean privatization either.
She asks why consentants would not want to help Iraq which lacks the tools.
They don't have the kinds of funds or even technology needed to develop those fields.
She said, Senator George Voynewitch, a or how Republican shares that view.
That oil is capital and all sides of the Iraq need it, he said.
Consentants agrees with the sentiment, but he worries it won't work out that way.
It's clear he said that the people of Iraq run enormous pressure to give up their oil.
That's a little bit.
Who always makes sense, he always says the right stuff and unfortunately nobody takes him serious, you know, because he's a little easy-midgic.
He comes up to your kneecap, you know.
Like I told you that midget that was wandering around in Woodbine last week one day.
I didn't know whether a screen or like Pila Banana.
I don't like to be like, you know, stand there like a laugh.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
It's just impolite, you know, and this is one place where you don't do impolite stuff.
Because if you act rude and stuff, that look at you and say, oh, he must be an American, you know, like that.
I see.
All your people are going to be doing some traveling, maybe even out of the country this summer.
Here's a good suggestion for us.
How's it going, eh?
And they'll look at you and then they'll smile.
Where are still babies?
Aren't you couple missiles?
Tour to place we know.
And aim a madame.
Whose first name begins with a loop?
There's one thing we all underestimate.
Our palcator won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
We could chase him round forever with our tanks and all our troops.
The special forces are so tired of jumping through them loose.
You'd only need another plane.
All we're blind.
So let's cut out all the nonsense.
And we'll blow up Pakistan.
That's a holiday weekend.
Let's know this weekend.
Give it over.
How great a need to nuclear-tank.
You're fair, why don't we stop pussy food?
And blow up Pakistan.
And blow up Pakistan.
And blow up Pakistan.
And blow up Pakistan.
And blow up Pakistan.
We're heading down that danger highway.
Try to dodge the bullets.
I'm getting away.
I'm boiling land my name away.
I'm getting it.
This big is a whale that we're trying to run back to the fight right.
I got me a Hummer that seeks about 20 so hurry up and find that Al-Sar-Cow-Aid.
If I back in a little place where intelligence gets you, get them.
I'm actually being.
If I back in.
And I got to see I got stuck now.
With some action here.
With some skillet.
Hope you have been helping you today.
Hey, would you please be having a Bruce Lee or a H.G.?
We are having a sale on camera.
Our H.G.
We have had a lot of many flavors.
My brain doesn't exist.
Okay, I tell you everything.
You must keep baby's breath inside of you thing.
Yes, it's true.
We've got women and bags.
It is going to be coming.
Let us know bad as you can play a group of actions on a group.
And we don't want to drink out of you.
We should spend like our food.
We can't just stop baby for a little bit.
We can't just walk my beer through my face clean.
We can't just walk my beer through my face clean.
If you're a scousted eye, really?
She's right here.
She's H.G.
She's right here.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
One, two, three, four, more bombs drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, four bombs drop.
Oh, I ain't 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop.
We're going to drop.
A bomb.
Around the glass, we're going to drop them bombs and make up dead.
Blow that crack right off their head.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb bomb up out there like we're going to bomb.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
All right.
I can't give a damn about this.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
I'm not done.
Here's your meal, bomb.
So have a blast, we're going to jump.
Down the path, up your ass, we're gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb bomb bomb up out there like we're going to bomb.
I've been shown above a round of clock tonight
Oh my shit, if you could stop the bullies you wouldn't be able to break that up!
I'm dying out of here!
Absolutely
No one's started us hiding
A lot more than those
They say their weapons are mass destruction
I say they say a couple megatons by me right
In the Gulf War, letting off the hook
I think it's time to give this butter wool
Rack them
Absolutely
I'm here right
Totally, totally, totally
And there's a way, it's not so true
And the chemicals that burn
The need I've learned in our bones' curves
If we lay the fear
We're gonna be wet
Because we're so dead and scared for freedom
I'm here right
Bring it to an end
I'm here right
And blow it up again
I'm here right
I'm on CNN
I'm here right
Boy you've had some problems for us, you only got 1.43
You're short, man
You got that
That's when you started comping your chickens before they hatch
And all of a sudden you started getting 40th there
I think Eric put a fully great thought on a holiday in the West
Holiday weekend and he's sticking it to you
That thing's been stuck on level 43
You need 57 votes in 37 minutes, you're not gonna do it
I mean you might, but I'm, you know, my confidence is low
How's your confidence, Chris?
We're gonna do it, you know, okay
Got some hockey news here
I bet you George is gonna be sitting on the edge of the seat
Some hockey or jail news
Former NHL player, Rick Tockett
In fact, Hank once upon a time years ago in W.I.O.D.
He referred to him as Rick Toche
And I said, wow, that's pretty, uh, music
Toche, maybe a Toche on his mind
Or Tucci
From NHL player Rick Tockett played a guilty today
Do running a sports gambling ring
But might not have to serve any jail time
Tockett who played for Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, LA, Boston, Washington
And Phoenix and a career that's fan 22 seasons
Is on Lee from his job as an assistant coach for the
Phoenix Coyotes
He pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to promote gambling
And promoting gambling
Such offenses usually don't carry jail sins for first time offenders
The 43-year-old Tockett is the third man to plead guilty in the case
Which new Jersey authorities dub operations slackshot
The others, including state trooper James Harnie, are expected to get jail time
They're going to the slammer
That's what I heard from the ham
Okay, Janet Jones, the wife of hockey great Wayne Greskey, was accused of betting
But wasn't charged in the case, well
That's what she's blonde and attractive and he's got a lot of money
Right, and a big nose
Prosecutor said in February 2006 that the ring handled $1.7 million in wages
During a 40-day stretch that began at the end of 2005, included college football, bowl games and a Super Bowl
They said there were no bets on hockey games
Oh, if they were betting on hockey games, they should be in jail
They should be in a mental institution, okay?
1.47, well you can eat 53 votes, I'm doubtful
I don't want you to fall short because I'm going you to a holiday weekend that would leave a sour feeling in your stomach
Oh yeah, sure
Tockett didn't speak during today's court hearing except to answer yes and no questions
When asked by his attorney if he ever been on professional hockey, Tockett said no
No, it's a huge operation I think it exposes to the people of the allure of gambling
Illegal gambling in New Jersey criminal justice director Greg Reapaw set outside the courthouse
Maximum sentence for the charges tockett played a guilty or ten years in prison and a $50,000 fine
Paul wouldn't say what the prosecutor's rants for jail time for tockett
He played 1144 regular season games scored 440 goals, 952 points
He also appeared 145 playoff games with 52 goals and 112 points for those who are keeping track like yoga
He wouldn't know Rick tockett, nobody else on this station would have any idea who that is
They don't know hockey, they don't know much about hockey as George knows about it
And at least he's got a good excuse to say you were stupid
John Farn, a taxi car about that driver, central park
You looked at me so quickly I could tell he was in a dock
So I acted out my puncture read and with my arms the trees I made
Bunk speaks English and in my home
That's a good excuse
I went down to my home and we reached where the weather business and shunning
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real funny
I was asked and bought a pint of whole gym beamies and said no on the end of what doesn't mean
The butter's the English I got a mall
That's a cornered deli
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English and mail-in
You can go back to the L.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A.R.A
Yeah!
Okay, 131.
29 minutes to go and you need 45.
Oh, it's for this is going to be really tight.
Maybe 10 to the know which is a snare drum.
I'm telling you right now.
You ever snare drum from a witch?
Let me tell you five is what you got.
I guess if we read the result of the pool,
there's too many choices on there.
But maybe they'll like, you know,
spoole a little bit of interest, you think?
You might spoole them a little interest.
Yeah.
Wish label best to scratch.
That sounded really enthusiastic like,
who are you kidding you silly old queen?
Come on now.
We only got 28 minutes and 14 seconds to go,
but who's counting?
So holiday weekend.
In case you haven't noticed today,
we would kind of like on holiday ourselves here on the show.
Have a week.
And why not?
And why not?
Why should they be grudges a little easing into it, huh?
Everybody else is easing into it.
And you pour bastards who have to really work on an honest day today.
I feel bad for you.
Absolutely.
You really doing some work?
I'm sorry.
You believe me?
I don't care.
We got 43 votes.
We need, we got 1157 to get to 1200 by two o'clock.
Which, you know, it won't change the world.
I'll tell you that.
But it'll change Chris's life.
Because just this week he's been called the pool master,
master.
And, you know, if we can't get through the whole week without like,
falling short, that would be bad.
That would not be good on your resume.
And not speak well to a generous paycheck either.
Oh, yeah.
Which label best describes you during your school years?
And this is one everybody can vote on.
I mean, it's not like rocket science.
Not like I have it, I have it in an opinion.
It just, you know, asking about use.
Oh, 1161.
Oh, they're starting to come in in tiny chunks.
Loaner, 181.
A lot of loners out there.
Be very worried about those people.
They're dangerous.
I should know.
I was one of them.
Well, I guess not by choice just by the way it worked out.
Don't hang out with the Graham.
Well, everybody's Graham.
So what are you going to do?
Well, don't hang out.
Class Cloud 141.
Social Outcast 128.
Pondhead 115.
Jock 100.
Maybe they can change the call that is if a lot of 100 have ever got the dolphin games,
they could be Jock 100.
Wouldn't that be good?
Oh, but we don't want them to get the dolphin games because we got them.
That in 40 cents will buy like two staples.
Nerd 88.
High achiever 84.
Canson over 46.
Bullied 46.
Yeah, I'd really be bragging about stealing other people's material.
Now, everybody knows you do it, Paulie.
But if you go on here and brag about it, keep mentioning my name a lot.
Okay, and Tom, what station we're on and now promote us a lot.
Trouble maker 45.
Drug E37.
RC Farts E26.
Flunky.
Not as if somebody's flunky was in it.
That's just a bad word for it.
How about Doom cough?
It would have been better.
But flunky is going to it's cute.
It's cute.
Teachers pet 22.
Slot 19.
Sex pot 19.
Well, then there's a good match for it right there.
Whatever that means.
Airhead 10.
Deer 9.
Bullied 9.
Seven eggheads.
And thank God we added that or you fall short.
Bombshell 4 and knocked up 3.
Still the same 3 knocked up and hopefully, well, not hopefully for their case, but hopefully females.
Might have been 3 guys knocked up or knocked out.
Yeah, that could be it 1166.
Oh, I think you're going to do it.
I don't know though.
Yeah, we're going to do it.
Come on, everybody.
Don't start getting too complacent though.
You know, it's Memorial Day weekend.
I'm amazed that we're even on the air to be honest with you.
We've had no dropouts on the streaming today.
It's been a furly, you know, and painless play a lot of little mo bits, huh?
Sure.
You're amazed around the air because it's a holiday weekend or because it's QM.
Both.
I mean, that we're on the air, but I'm just amazed there's any kind of response on there because not that we're not taking any calls for the next seven or eight or ten years.
You know, the responses obviously online there.
Thank God for the internet, baby.
We didn't have the internet that said feel like totally naked like isolated like all alone.
Oh, I mean, we've been playing Mr. Lonely by Bobby Vinton.
And if you have that in play, it man, you're done.
You can forget that car.
Oh, that I don't have it.
They're all good.
Lonely.
I'm Mr. Lonely.
Oh, boy.
He ought to be.
Bobby Vinton, you ever see those infomercials with him where he's peddling that P.P. music from the 60s and 70s?
Oh, God.
Mr. Lonely, he's just evil is what he is.
Where is Polish?
Oh, sorry.
You know that I'm this thing.
You can't be talking about nappy headed polls.
11th, 60s, maybe we ought to do that.
We ought to put a picture of a nappy head on top of our butt.
Probably not a good idea, you know.
Because Joyce will get into it and they'll start checking the website.
Oh, gee, you saw some pictures on there.
And there's that Brady Quinn with his hand on his goods.
You know, we don't want them sticking their nose in our goods.
Just keep your nose where belongs and your own goods.
Lolita Baldur.
I wonder if she's Baldur that I am.
writes for the AP hearing sought over linguists discharge.
Lawmakers who say the military has kicked out 58 Arabic language experts because they were gay.
Lot the Pentagon would explain how it can afford the left-of-the-valuable specialists go.
They let them go because they were gay.
And of course the headline, their linguists discharge,
meaning we wonder what she's talking about, but they don't have to worry.
Seizing on the latest discharge involving three specialists,
House members Rothey, House Armed Services Committee Chairman this week that they continue laws of such capable, highly skilled Arab linguists,
continues to compromise our national security during time of war.
Former Navy pity officer, Second Class Stephen Benjamin said the supervisor tried to keep him on the job
and urged him to sign a statement saying he was not gay.
He said his lawyer advised against him because the statement could be used against him later if other evidence surfaced,
like if they found him in, you know, some kind of a compromising position.
In an interview with the AP Benjamin said he was caught in properly using the military secret level computer system
that said messages to his roommate who was serving in Iraq.
In those messages he said he may have referred to being gay or going on a date.
Well, if you're going on a date with a gay, does that make you a guy?
I'd always been out since the day I started working there Benjamin said we had conversations about being gay in the military
and what it was like, there were no issues with unit cohesion.
I never caused a vice-divisiveness or ever experienced a slurred said Benjamin who was in the Navy for nearly four years.
He was fired under the Don't Ask Don't Fair law passed in 94.
It lets gay serve if they keep their sexual orientation private and don't engage in homo-sexual acts.
The law prohibits commanders from asking about a person's sex life and requires discharge of those who openly acknowledge that they're gay.
Representative Marty Mean of Massachusetts, who had sought a repeat organized letter to Representative Ike Skeleton of Missouri asking the committee to hold a hearing about the Arab linguists.
At a time when our military has stretched to the limit our cultural knowledge of the Middle East is dangerously deficient,
I just can't believe that kicking out able-compited Arab linguists is making our country any safer me and said,
the letter signed by about 40 House members says that military has discharged 58 Arab linguists under the policy and that Congress should decide whether Don't Ask Don't Tell us or Vignanation Well.
For Benjamin 23 the discharge ended a military career and hoped to continue.
He said he was about, among about 70 people investigated for Gordon and Georgia for using the computer to send personal notes.
He said others who are not gay kept their jobs even though they were caught sending sexual and profane messages.
Well if there were heterosexual, sexual and profane messages then they're okay.
Those messages are good, gay messages are bad.
Got it? Got it.
Benjamin said investigators from the Defense Department's Inspector General's Office pulled the message blogs for one day and reviewed them for violations.
Some people said we see administrative punishments for writing dirty jokes, profanity and explicit sexual references.
Thank God I don't write any of that stuff on my computer.
All right, be discharging.
I'll bet.
Major General, a Marine Major, Stewart Upton, a Pentagon spokesman said the Pentagon's enforcing the law.
The Defense Department said must ensure that the status for an employment of members of the Armed Forces reflect a policy set forth by Congress.
Benjamin said the computer review was done last December but his discharge wasn't finalized till the end of March.
His roommate he said was about to finish out his tour in Iraq and came home in February.
Then was discharged in early April.
A lot of discharge going on baby.
Can almost smell it.
I was always discreet and ever considered to be an issue said Benjamin when asked why he joined the military knowing the policy existed.
I thought if I don't say anything they're not going to ask me but it was more aggressive than I thought he said.
Means bill to repeal the non-ISO tell law has 124 co-sponsors but efforts to get Congress to take an envelope of the issue have not yet been successful.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates has said he was not reviewing the policy.
He is far bison.
He is adamant and stubborn and the bigoted and stupid because he's one of the Bushcraft.
He's an Aussie and they like him.
1171 I don't know.
We need 29 votes in 21 minutes.
I mean again run or at 1174.
Like I said they're coming in little tiny chunks.
Like the kinds that sometimes fall out of your nose you know.
You ever have it?
Like just fall out.
Yeah.
You ever have that shirt?
Just fall out?
Right. Just fall out.
Right there.
Like to while you're exhaling or something.
Oh yeah.
Little chunk just falls right out.
And you hope it don't fall like on the front of your shirt.
Like I said when you put your finger on one hospital.
Oh Jesus God.
Checky sucks okay?
It's Game Cowboy Songs from the Game Cowboy Movie featuring.
Home oh, home oh on the range.
Where the queers and the candle loaps play.
And mamas don't let your babies grow up to be Game Cowboys.
Don't let them wear chaps and lipstick and stuff.
Make them play football and kiss girls and such.
And we'll we're back here in San Fran again.
Where the women don't outnumber men.
First I was afraid.
I was petrified.
And more.
I can't think of a Cowboy's best friend is a pony.
I'm not your bad boy.
And happy mails to you.
It's fun to stay at the YMC.
Game Cowboy Songs from the Game Cowboy Movie.
The soundtrack is on the range.
I'm 45 at 11.45.
Jesus God that would be a slap in the poison.
145.
Don't scare me like that.
Sometimes you will sound your own voice making sounds with your mom.
And you wonder what did I just blurred out?
When did that I blurred it out?
We got 1182.
I think you got you got some problems here man.
You got a challenge Chris.
We're gonna do it.
1183.
I was worried.
17 votes in 15 minutes.
That's just like one minute.
A little bit more than that.
But I would imagine that most people now are gone.
They're gone.
People who are going, they're going, going, going for the holiday weekend.
They're bailing out of work early and they're getting hell out.
And when in doubt, why not get out?
1183.
It's just stuck there.
Maybe Eric now waited to put the foot on the break until this part of the show to get you really scared.
Damn it Eric.
Yeah.
Cut the crap Eric.
Get that foot off the break you fat tub.
Or maybe he's just laying on it.
Boy if he's laying on it forget about it.
Maybe he's laying hands on it.
And the break too.
1183.
You know this is, you almost have to do a play by play on this.
1185.
There's a little chunk for you.
That fell out of your nose.
Can you imagine what falls out of Barry Manlow's nose?
Holy cow.
Wow.
A lot.
Probably fell up a whole dumpster with that.
15 votes in 14 minutes.
That should be doable.
That should be easy.
I'm an ordinary day back when we had the ordinary audience.
Back when we had ordinary I know.
Back in the saddle again.
Back when QA was really on top of things.
Before Jolly Joe came in there along with his partner in crime's joys into Josh Dero.
The triple Jake arranged.
1185.
That's what happens when you get too many of Goi-men.
They're all or Josh Dero.
Clarence is Jewish isn't he?
Well that's everybody's got their cross to bear.
That's what Jesus said.
Nobody said twice.
1186.
14 votes in 13 minutes.
This is going right down to the wire baby.
They're playing hard to get now.
Or nearly when this happens you see a big chunk coming in like oh okay.
Now we can sit back and relax.
Nothing's happening Chris.
It'll get there.
Okay.
Chris is confident.
I think they're going to let you a little bit short.
Just like nature left me.
The US and the Asian be given the power to regulate tobacco products and cigarettes.
You should be hyped as part of a government campaign.
We do smoking and expert panel recommended yesterday.
All the expert panels in so little time.
You know what?
Expert panels.
Who's an expert?
Me.
These dangerous products are essentially unregulated, Richard Bonnier, University of Virginia
Law Professor and chairman of the 14-member Institute of Medicine Panel Food Reporters.
Congress and the President should give the FDA a broad regulatory power over tobacco marketing,
packaging and distribution of panels reports said.
The FDA should be able to limit the type of number of stores that can sell tobacco products
and gradually cut the available nicotine content to reduce the addictive power of cigarettes.
Well, they're going to do that.
They should make them cut the amount of sugar in ice cream and candy bars.
Same thing.
If you want the government, we got 1190.
We need 10 votes in 12 minutes.
Now you're starting to move.
You're starting to rock and roll a little bit there, Mr.
and when you start rock and roll in the earth shakes.
Thank you everybody.
Thank you everybody.
Now, don't say thank you everybody when you steal our 10 votes short.
See, you're not learning the lesson, man.
We're going to get there.
Be positive.
I'm positive, but you're saying thanks a lot.
What if you fell too vote short?
What would you say?
Take the thank you back?
It's like kissing somebody on the cheek.
You can't unkiss somebody once you did it or kissing them on the lips.
Once you did it, you can't unkiss them.
It's like that Mafia kiss when they give you that big like Michael gave Fredo.
Remember that?
Seven more.
You got 1193.
He's going to do it.
Oh, four more.
1196.
Now they're coming in.
Where is that thing where he says, I know it was you.
He says you broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Is that what he says?
Yes.
And I don't know where the hell it is.
We do have it.
Sure, it's in there in our magic box.
What?
Oh, there it is.
Right now it will be you, Fredo.
You broke my heart.
You want?
You broke my heart.
Oh, and then it gives them that big kiss.
My rival in there might as well play a, for, oh, Cheechee, for example, says.
Right here, I'm welcome.
If they want me to have a lot of muscles.
But we might as well play Frankie Pentangely one last time.
I got sad, the Michael Polio looked at this and the Michael Polio did that.
So I said, yes.
Yeah, sure.
We got 12 hundred votes.
Oh, right, Frankie.
See, it was Frankie Pentangely put us over the top.
Love you, Frankie.
See, you gave it.
Now that was this thing where he gave Fredo the Polis head to the side and gave them the kiss
of death.
That's what that was.
Did you have the kiss of death and cigarettes?
Congress in the present should give out.
I just read that.
The FDA should be able to limit the night to type in number of stores, consult the
back of products.
The FDA regulates nearly a quarter of the U.S. economy, including medicines, most foods
and medical devices.
Like that, like, fool, fool, fool, fool, fool, let's bring that back and see if we can
have babies with eight heads being born, stuff like that.
The tobacco industry, which wields considerable political cloud, what I say, considerable, now
faces only limited, piecemeal regulation by the government, including the FTC.
I think we got to bring cigarette advertising back would be great.
I bet you this station would love it.
They'll take anybody's money.
You betcha, bunch of grey robbers.
Give us the FN money, man.
It's all we want.
When Stan tastes good, like a cigarette should, and then what were the other ones?
The Marlboro man, we can bring him back.
He would, he would, he would put this show up a little bit.
The Marlboro FN man.
If tobacco cigarettes were now being introduced in the market face for the first time, there
is no doubt that they would be banned under any one of several consumer protection statutes.
Richard Bonny said.
Bonny.
Don't call me Bonny, he said.
The Institute of Medicine provides advice on health issues, US policy makers, the report
was requested by the American Legacy Foundation, the tobacco control advocacy group.
Mind your own business, okay?
Mind your own business.
If people want to die, let them pick their own poison.
Don't you agree?
Sure.
If you want to die from smoking cancer sticks from eating too much damn rocky road or that
briar score, what she said to me yesterday, you see, I have no willpower.
It's like offering a bottle to an alcoholic.
I wasn't, I did not go over there to buy ice cream.
The Z-Man, the Z-Man is going to chew me out.
He did, I actually did.
He said, ah, you know crap.
He gave me a little shot.
Last night, then he resonated at Stofras macaroni and cheese.
It's like my mother.
Is that all you're going to eat?
Oh, you're so fat.
You know, pushing with one hand, pulling back with the other.
You know what I mean?
In other words, it's the kind of thing you can't please.
But the Z-Man at least has good intentions, whereas my mother did not.
She just wanted to be a crutch.
Oh, you're so fat.
Why don't you lose, is that all you're going to eat?
Don't you want some more of this?
I made it for you, you know?
Oh, if I had to have that crab meat salad one more time in my life.
Oh, God.
I think it wasn't good the first 400 times, but you know.
Now, what about your mother besides being a hateful bitch?
I don't want to ask if she's a good cook.
I'm a good cook.
I'm a good cook.
Cooking for my mother referred to ruining whatever it was that was there.
We could choke down the raw meat, but it was a good way to put it in the fridge.
I think you got a negative attitude about my.
I think you got to change your altitude.
No.
In fact, when you get that nice new car yours, the good news is we didn't mention this
on here today.
We don't want you to be a Yenta, but George already got the facts from somebody who's
the one still here.
Right.
But of course, I'll be exploring all of the options, including the extra.
All the options and make sure it's the end of the day.
Okay, right.
I got lots of things to take care of for lots of folks, you know?
I'll spend your money.
You're waiting down there on the list.
No, I mean, you're way up there.
I knew that.
I'm taping the list.
Thanks, Papa.
No problem.
Oh, exo exo.
If you start with the exo exo, man, you're going to wind up just like Holy Moses.
That's where we're going to be broadcasting from, right?
Exo radio?
Yeah.
1206 on the pole.
Thank you very much.
I didn't say thank you, folks.
Come on, Chris.
Thank you, folks.
Have a great holiday weekend.
Drive safe, and don't get too drunk and yadda yadda.
Don't smoke too many of them as cancer sticks.
It's day, oh!
If I am each hour at 5'6'0 WQA.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a farmer than me
I'm here to present in some s**t
Yeah, don't care what it took
You got a man by hooker and craw
Holy christian
Oh, I know what's best of you and I
But you're no fear
We've got a great leader
With present in some s**t
Present in some s**t
Oh, present in some s**t
Present in some s**t
Bye, bye, bye
