Sometimes I feel that life is having me by.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio.
It makes me smile like a child.
Theil's rudges on my radio.
Theil's rudges on my radio.
You fell, yeah.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
You are disatoba.
You are telling me if puppy is a puppy, Ronnie?
A puppy?
Yes, puppy.
Ronnie, I don't have a name.
Is this a man but an ass name puppy?
Yes.
You want to talk to a man but an ass name puppy, Ronnie?
Yes.
Baby.
Baby, is this baby?
What is this?
Baby, what is it?
Baby, puppy, are you?
Yes.
That's Ronnie.
That's Ronnie.
That's Ronnie.
No one but me.
It's not here?
No.
I'll get the name.
No.
No.
I hope he be Ronnie.
That's what I'm saying that is.
Too bad we can't play the real good ones.
Oh, yeah.
Wow, there's a lot of good stuff we can't play.
I'm so whipped up about the...
You told me yesterday about this disc.
No, not that kind of disc.
Does this day send me a long time ago?
Right.
I went to scouring through here.
And there are some really great stuff on here.
Yes, there is.
Including all that boring stuff.
Do you know a coffee, book, chick?
Hello.
See now when you get the movie with the real subtitles.
I'll put your friends on the screen.
I like you.
Do you like me?
I do like you.
You're one of my friends.
You're a nice young man and I am your friend.
You will be my boyfriend.
I won't be your boyfriend.
Why not?
You don't like me?
I can be.
You don't like me.
No boyfriend, yeah.
Sure.
You got to see it.
This is something called a movie show.
It's a movie show.
It's a movie show.
It's been in my country.
I'll tell you which one of these I like the best is...
...Mitch Lewis.
Oh, yeah.
It makes Lewis Lewis lose.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
I want to be a man.
All right.
There we go.
And I'll tell you about your people.
Of course.
Well, let's just say...
...Mitch Yem Foo...
...Kilabira Mepato...
That's also a bit.
How about your partner?
That's also a bit.
No.
Of course it is.
What?
You think I'm stupid or something?
I don't answer please.
What is a Mexican Julian?
No, is he a Mexican?
No, I'm a Mexican Julian.
Why?
You can't lie.
You can't say anything.
Sometimes I feel...
...that I don't want to smile.
Wow, wow.
I like to smile on my radio.
Next, I smile.
I just smile.
I like to know my radio.
New, I just want my radio.
New, I just want my radio.
New, I just want my radio.
You feel...
...new, I just want my radio.
Oh.
Oh, I say exactly.
But there's a whole bunch of good ones.
Too bad we can't play the really good one there that I like the best.
But we can't play this.
Sure, it's good.
Sure, it's good.
Sure, it's sweet to the point.
Don't my favorite though.
The original is always the best.
Oh, oh, oh.
We're full.
Sometimes I feel...
...like life passing by.
Oh, hey.
Sometimes I feel...
...that's a little bit like people don't want to smile.
Oh, it'll listen to show of their nice.
Maybe it's my like a child.
You walk a life horse.
You can hear me get by my friend.
Bill Carter on a radio.
You won't stop.
Bill Carter on a radio.
Married, oh yeah.
Quack solid.
Too bad we can have time to play it.
Throw the Jews down the well.
I guess we do.
But we don't.
So you know, I showed...
...Bokobrand didn't want to see that movie.
I showed him one scene from it.
Bokobrand?
Yeah, and I thought he was going to vomit and die.
Really?
So, please.
That's why I felt watching that raising your zone of ear tonight.
Well, what's the couple scenes I thought I was going to vomit and die?
But for different reasons, trust me.
Not because it was funny.
You know, I was thinking to myself as I watched that.
What a pile of crap, man.
That's what I was thinking.
There's some real gems on here on this disc.
Yeah, there are.
Some of the lost treasures, for example, a heraldosin.
Isn't that right?
That was the idea.
No, she doesn't have it.
That's not true at all.
Don't you...
You don't have a penis.
It's a wonder-developed penis.
That's what I was told when I was a small child.
But Bokob, isn't it the fact that it's really your big problem?
You were told it's a small child.
You said that you were a himaferdite.
I was told a lot of things when I was a small child.
So, were you lied to you, Bokobrand?
I don't think I was lied to about my past.
No, not at all.
Did you live your life in your early informative years as a woman?
Yes.
And it is totally...
It is totally my whole life.
How?
I...
I had to wonder...
I'm a very athletic person.
I've always been a jeans and t-shirt type girl.
You fail.
I wonder when it could unclose if I looked like a dyke.
I wonder if it's the way I wear my hair.
People are going to think I'm a dyke.
Absolutely.
I wonder what people are thinking about me.
I wonder how in the hell did I let this happen to me?
How could I see this?
Always check the package, baby.
Canter.
There's Al Gore sitting there, the former Vice President.
It says happening now, I'm seeing him.
You're in rocks.
Oh my God he is...
Good intentions, I'll give him that.
Of course he was elected president in 2000.
But all those things aside, it's like a comedy, you know?
Anyway, here's the pull result from yesterday and we killed a lot of good time with it sometimes. I feel I love that stuff
Call living in the past I guess. Well the past part of the past wasn't so bad in fact there are stuff if we could just select
Those portions of the past that we can go back and relive
Take me back to World Cup week it's not that long ago memory is still fresh in my mind
1524 votes on a pull from yesterday if somebody from out of town visits South Florida make sure they don't miss and
Look at this man. You talk about a feather in my cap
Oh god the legendary near Roger show wins hands down your pants 387
Make sure they don't miss it. I would advise them not to come in a first place 358
That's my advice anybody listening around the universe. Oh look at this hundreds lineup for sheep testicles
Well, we'll get to that story in a moment
South Beach 297 there you go a lot of plastic people would like a lot of jewelry like tons of jewelry just dripping from their neck and
Lots of gay people. They're outbound flight. Don't miss that 179 in fact
You'll probably after the first hour or two you want to turn around make sure you catch it
I hate this pull only 73 a mere 4.7 percent not bad
The sawgrass mills mall I evade it so schmaltzy man 42. I have no idea. You know like I told you you know
Where it is compared to my house? I don't know what the big attraction is maybe somebody can explain it to me the sawgrass mill
It's big. There are 700 different languages spoken there every day and not one of them is English 42 votes little Havana
Speaking to English 39
No speaking English a key the early bird dinner 31
The jungle queen dinner crew is 31 lots of jungle queens my guy 23 and I I don't get it
Cemetery village 22 Metro Zoo 22 the monkey general 12 the parachungal only five soltampo chinkway and
Veskaya only three
Now that's kind of surprising isn't it?
I mean we put it on the at the end of the pool, but nevertheless yeah
Well, what only three for Veskaya, which is supposed to be like legendary
What's the big dealer? I've never been there. What's the big thing? It's big. It's beautiful beautiful gardens beautiful house beautiful
Antiques for people who are into that kind of thing for big houses in the big big old houses with
Carbon statues and gray
He was into base stuff was he 797 votes on a day's pool so Chris can just sit back easy and duck brought everybody in breakfast there this morning
Nice go crazy. He brought in an order of chicken fingers for us to share, but thank you, though. I gave it to Chris and
Then I thought you said he brought everybody in breakfast like he brought a lot of food in
To try to pacify you because it's your hot Wednesday
You guys keep getting the scoot over every Wednesday because nothing's taken career
So so in order to pacify for that he brought you in an order of chicken fingers
Yes, which I gave to Chris, but thank you stuff just the same. Yeah, what is the big deal with that?
He paid for it himself. Wow. Whoo heavy duty duster. Hey, Duff you're fairy
11 past 10 at 560. We got no bogging today
We got a full four hours man
And I'm sure we got a lot of additions to our pool for today
I see Tom Brady's already on there and most of the guys that want to be Tom Brady
It's not because well because they want to be wealthy and they want to be a big famous jocke
It's because of who he's doing you know they want to be they want to take his place
And who can blame them when you come right down with I
Wouldn't mind being Tom Brady. I'd rather be Brady Quinn. He's a few years younger
Although if I was Brady Quinn, I would have gone and ordained could I've ever lived that down? Oh now the fighting Irish touchdown
Jesus baby. Oh brother. There's another redundancy. What is that fighting Irish for that pole that we're gonna do?
Drunken Irish fighting Irish drunk an Irishman. Oh, yeah, I do like that pole's a great idea
It's not the one for tomorrow though already fast that they don't forget to change it this afternoon because it's wood by Wednesday
I'll be fighting the good batter with hopefully a good machine on this afternoon. Oh
I think you know just just
Common Luxus sooner or later. I'm not kind of do you know what I'm gonna think do for a good day at woodmine?
Yeah, do or not is the case may be do the do is
Do do you do that already done that I read done done do do
No, hello everyone. This is more you've over chose to occur in a fair
They don't come any better than Neil Roger several days ago
I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of Congress about Iraq and it's important to make this point at
The outset
The President of the United States purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions
These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood
Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program
There is no denying that the President lied to the American people
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety. It's also something I enjoy
It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life
The President and his administration
Hey our country and hate the liberties for which we stand
They dwell in the shadows have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality
The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible and none of us should want it any other way
Thank you very much
Thank you, Dick
1017 at 560 W.Q. I'm happy it wins the two here's our lineup today
We got the mad dog at two the power hour hank of the mad dog together one of those very rare days between four and five a second
No, the power hour everybody take a shower and then you got Hank solo with the world golf championships at the Ralph
I love that one promo that we're playing where it's like they're describing golf on a radio
That is really simulating craft for a cane hotline at seven and any can item midnight tonight
You know one thing since they blew out any case I'm more than I was before and very often hours when people might actually be awake
It's scary
Speaking of scary right on the hills of that channy bit Doug Thompson writes
Well, you're not gonna read that already because you got to get to this pool and they're gonna be a zygian
names that people want to put on the pool
Let's get a zygian zany
Zany collars today. I got a lot of an appalling like those. Yeah, those are my favorite and him too of course
Doug Thompson says George W. Bush and the looming shadow of Richard and Nixon
With each passing day George W. Bush's actions more closely mirror those of another monumentally failed president
Richard and Nixon tricky dick
Bush's performance Tuesday night trying to wiggle out of the escalating controversy over the politically motivated
Fireings of a US attorney's is just another example of Nixon reborn and a corrupt president trapped by his own lies and malfeasance
My refusing to let political guru Carl Rove and former White House council hearing admirers testify under oath before Congress
Bush is forcing a showdown that'll cripple is already weakened presidency
Yet Bush like Nixon reigns arrogant until the end determined to ignore the law political necessity or common sense
Given the lies on top of lies that the White House has told Congress over the past six years
There's no way either the House or Senate will accept unsworn off the record testimony for me the Rove or Myers
The Democratic leadership of Congress and a growing number of Republicans want both on the record under oath where they can face
Purgatory charges for the lies they will inevitably inevitably tell
An increasingly bipartisan anger toward the way the Bush administration conducts his business surface like a title
Wavy as today when the Senate voted 94 to 2
To revoke Bush's authority to replace US attorneys a growing number of Republicans no longer stand by their embattled and scandal-ridden
President and Bush like Nixon is fighting himself increasingly isolated from his own party and the American people
The Bush that appeared before the cameras Tuesday that was not the swaggering W. Ahold
But one of the look of a cornered animal wounded but defiant as
Young reporter writing about a constitutional crisis in 1974
I saw the same look in Nixon's eyes that he scrambled for political cover amid the growing Watergate scandal
Nixon like Bush did on a crumbling political base pet by as many lies and bots to tempt to cover up his misdeeds
Nixon released transcripts of White House conversations calling an extraordinary cooperation with Congress and its probe of Watergate
Last night Bush used pretty much the same words to describe the White House release of emails and other records on the attorney
Fireings history will forever define Nixon's failed presidency through Watergate and his fligrid attempt to subvert the Constitution
History will forever define Bush's failed president seat through the Iraq War debacle and as many attempts to subvert the Constitution
Both men violated their own to uphold the Constitution both failed to serve the people both broke the law one resigned in disgrace
The final chapter on the other remains unwritten
But we can be sure that the chapter when closed will reveal another sorted period in American history right?
Stug Thompson
I hope they don't come and get you too soon
They're probably trying to try to dance down right now. They got that IP address
They're right and I think they got the GP RS. They're like, you know, they're gonna shoe sell it
Hounds they got their dividing just like that that the boys got the BG boards for that boy Scott that we were treated to
455,000 hours of a cover John
I don't think it's done. It's just wait for the ABC movie of the week. I can't wait. Here's the poll today
And we already Chris about 832 on there aren't you really proud of that? Oh, I'm super proud 832
Most if you could be or I see I see let me read it the way it's written. Okay, cuz I didn't write I don't write these anymore
Anyhow if I could be somebody else for one day
I would be Hugh Heftar 250 see I hate to break
I know I know what you guys are driving at but you know the problem is Hugh Heftar is probably about 140 years old right now
It's probably as limp as a Chinese noodle and you're just you know, you have things for that a lot of good memories
I guess that's all you want is my address
Yeah, I probably got that too probably got like you know some people have bowls full of candy on the
Copy table. He's got bowls full of all that crap. He's got him like an a pes dispenser. He carries
Oh
They still make pes dispensers in that's way yes, they do I love that
The only problem with that is that when you're like a sugar holic like I've been almost all my life is it don't do it
You take that little dispenser like a like a little cigarette lighter like a little fag lighter
We'll fill it up with baby fill it up with peasant and you like eat the whole roll
Hugh Heftar 250 for I gotta be me 209. Oh, let's play that again. Now Sammy Davis here you go. Keep an eye out for Sammy
I gotta be me 209. That's just
Knowing this crowd that's particularly ridiculous Tiger Woods a hundred
Huh, and that's that because of his hot blonde wife is that what that's all about?
It's gotta be yes and his money
Well, there you go. It's not about combo. I'm proud that's why he's got that hot blonde wife. There's no question
I hate this pose. It's kind of like Wayne Greskey needle nose
I mean who the hell would want it get anywhere near him, but he's got a hot young blonde wife
There's a lot of money. I hate this pull 597 percent. That's a little bit too high if he acts me
Howard Stern 42 Bill Clinton 40 Neil Rogers 36
The only thing I could say about that is if you were me for one day you could be legendary
For a day or like the old TV game show queen for a day
George W. Bush 35
Anyone but who I am 29
Anybody but me 29
Wayne Heising a 17 Tom Brady is moving up the ladder fast man. They want Tom's action believe you me
I would mind some action with Tom 12 and Hillary Clinton only eight the ice princess who want to be here
Well, that's just the original list that the plus Tom Brady's in addition. He's an add-on
Klingon and add-on. He's already up to 15 vote. He's right on Wayne's ass
Why would anybody want to be a win? Don't we want to add Bill Gates on there because of all his money?
I
Thought so that'd be a choice
I mean there's gonna be a zinning more names on that pole
This is just the this is kind of a skeleton list from our whoever sent this in over university dodge
Who instead of doing any work as busy sending us to stuff every day?
Which I respect that that's probably guys who aren't trying to do too much work or busy communicating with us
That's that's my favorite five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line WQ. I am hello
Hey, I don't got it on my phone you failed
WQ I am hello that wasn't a wrong number. That's correct. Yes. We know why people are gonna stop climbing in mountains just a picture tent
It's cute. You can do it from the comfort of your home right at home. Yeah
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
And this is the one day I thought for sure there'd be like 80's in an additions to the pole. Yeah, I guess not WQ I am hello
Okay, welcome to an abbreviated preview of our new format on the near Roger show. I love it myself. I really do
I'm getting into it. Go with the flow. That's what it's called. Maybe some people think it blow but I say go with the flow
number flow
Who?
Flow from the Supremes. Oh, that's the way. Hello
Pull anybody comes from it is to go to
Yesterday's pull. Okay yesterday's pull here with a schmuck and
How about some silly phrase from my stride? Let's let's start getting suggestions for pulls that we took like six years ago
Would be good. I like that anything we give these people a little something to board out when it's out boarded out, baby
WQ I am hello
Q a.m. Yeah, I know I would like to be Paul Allen's if I think he's single well bill cases marriage
I think Paul Allen's if his buddy and in crime
Who's that?
It wasn't the guy that was with gate when I first started not he owns a couple professional
teams out the
Hell Allen correct. It's that is that okay? I put them on there nobody knows who the hell it is
They're except Chris Christmas would it?
Robert you want to be him
He's got almost as rich as Bill Gates and he gates yeah, and he owns a couple sports teams on saddle
Well, all right. I mean, isn't that what it's all about if it's got somebody who was forced if it's got something to do with Josh
Josh baby let's let's sign on man right now. Let's sign on to it. Let's grab it
There's a jacksdrap involved let's sniff it and grab it and see who's wearing it and then run away like hell
26 past 10 at 560 WQM
The world is listening and watching
Baby told me I needed such a much
You final answer got a TV show in New York Jack
And unlike Kathy Lee I'm gonna be back
But first I have to bypass my other ways
Maybe down the clock and fill in for me because
Regis filbert's got a quad up hot
A bunch of doctors looking at my chart
They're gonna have to spread my rib cage apart
Oh God Regis filbert's gonna pop up up up up up up
Don't worry folks. I'm not gonna weather away and die like America's got talent
Bro, I've got a great ways to the web
Kelly Rippa promise to give me a sponge bag
Just wait just kidding
Big deal it's big and a boat I think what they had to do is have the open art surgery right on the ear on the Regis in a Kelly show
Since he's he seems to be so a help in unlike dying on the ear or whatever
Okay, maybe I can do it
Virginia City Nevada we have 868 in the pool by the way the thousands of Guadantee no sweat
So we're not gonna pick no number today. It's wood buying Wednesday. Don't be picking no numbers
Although if you do pick a number, we're always pick a good number hmm
Hundreds line up for sheep testicles also known as land fries says here
Thank you. I didn't for a lot of day. By the way
Hundreds of people waited lines from to an hour for a chance to take something different at the 16th annual mountain oyster fry
Mountain oysters baby. Oh boy
Servers at five booths dispensed about 130 pounds of fried oysters or sheep testicles at the Saturday event
The historic mining town about 25 miles southeast of Reno
Visitors gave mixed reviews to the tiny morsels which can be fried
Bob a cued stuffed or ground up and sauteed
Yummy people think oh sheep testicles gross, but it was pretty good said Amanda Palmer 21 of nearby Carson City
Among other things the versatile meat has been used in tacos and sloppy jose
They put the sloppy in sloppy jose
We try to get families from all over to try them if they're all uh-uh said China restuted to a Reno. It's just another tender meat
She really has the way with words that Shauna. Let's meet her in the sauna
Anyway, and get it on a eight hundred and seventy four votes on a pool
And Tom Brady is zooming up the list. He's got 18 votes already if you could be somebody else other than who you are
I can't believe we don't have 80 million people calling in right now with suggestions on this pool
Now that we want that badly and desperately and they were inviting it
When we don't want it when I can't stand it then it's like I need I got one for the pool, you know
But that's okay five six seven oh five sixty
Tom five sixty on the Verizon and Singular wireless line
WDQ I am hello. I like little Asian boys
Great. I'm happy for you. Okay come up to Toronto then man. They're all over the place. Little Asian boys. Yeah
Malaysian and little Asian boys old Asian boys a young Asian whatever
400,000 Chinese people in Toronto not to mention the 80 billion Filipinos and the Koreans and the
Vietnamese and the whatever else they are
WQ I am hello
I think what they are is the word is prolific
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
Yeah, I would like to be
Okay, let's put George on there. I mean I'm on there. Why do I not put George on the pool
5 6 7 0 5 60 what this is a really crappy start for Wednesday morning. I'll say to that
Feel like I just slowed off of that oblong tail or something very weak
And pound five sixty and leave Verizon and Singular wireless line
WDQ I am hello
Hello. Yes sir. Yes, I want to add something to the poll on the radio monitor. Yes. Uh, I'm about a baroque obama. Okay
What's his wife look like? I don't know. That's a good question. He does have a wife. Mm-hmm
And he don't look too good in the bathing suit which is good. We don't want no present who's like some, you know, fashion model like uh, yeah like that
WQ I am hello
Hi, um, I called before for tickets. I left my long number anyway for me to
I'm well well well well well well well. Let's slow down. Let's slow down
You call for tickets to what?
The next next one is the next one is the next one is the man from Bollinger at the Hard Rock
Well, what have I got to do with him? No, I called before. This is Neil Rogers. Yeah. I love you, Neil
Well, good. Of course you do, but what do I have to do with Bowen Kim? I left my long number when they put me on hold
I'm not stupid. I'm not great. I'm the first to say, you know, well, how are we gonna want to do this?
Can you put me on hold and put me with a producer or something? Yeah, I'll put I'll put you with a producer. How's that?
Get a man. Get a man. Okay hang on. Enjoy your game, man
You got somebody's got to go hang on enjoy your game and take that guy online too and give it to Toaster
Give it to one of those are goofballs from that awful more. I mean that great morning show
We will
Yeah, see we take care of this guy. I mean he sounded like the guy plus he knows who I am and he likes me see he liked me
Yeah, otherwise you would have told him not you know how to say get lost man. You like it. Yeah, I see he likes it
WDQ AM hello
Hey Neil. Yes sir. Yes, Hugh Hamster and his heyday
Yeah, yeah, we get the time travel to with this poll right? So in other words, we're gonna like put decades ages on here also
I would say the 60s for sure. I want to be Genghis Khan when he was 20. Yeah, that's right
I want to be a Julius Caesar when he was like 18
I mean, what kind of cock I was that excellent excellent
Hugh Hefner in his prime in prime time. I want to be Jesus Christ Jesus Christ. Are you back again? Jesus Christ
884 votes on the poll we got 900 look by the end of this hour
It's gonna be a big day today again big big the calls are starting to get really good too now
Like this last guy wants to be who after in this prime
See the question isn't that I mean obviously that's gonna be a big part of it for a lot of you guys because that's you've got one track mind like me
So all they know about is who you know, who can I do who can I do I want me a lot of action
Yeah, well, so what's wrong with that nothing? I would agree with that certainly
But I mean if that's gonna be the only criterion for who you're gonna pick on here
You know when you rather be somebody brilliant and famous uh, no
How about somebody brilliant and famous who gets a lot of action?
Oh, is this isn't as cute I'd be the father of an Nicole's baby. It says one day is an uptime to transfer all that money to my account
Wtq. I am hello. I just want to be Neil special friend Wtq. I am hello
Neil
I beg your pardon I want for the poll yeah, go ahead. Shukil O'Neill
Shukil O'Neill
Shukil O'Neill
Yeah, one bad guy would be you to be honest with you
I had the pleasure of going in his house. I work for son advice through installations and I had the pleasure of going in his house
And the gentleman has touched the doctor's person being without the money that he has and all he's really down to earth honest and
Good-hearted person and I mean just the size of that man. He if he's picked every one so
Okay
Just the size of that man. I'm surprised he didn't say John Holmes if that's uh where we're going, you know
Whatever here's a guy wants to be
Me shack to bed we go that's what I think he was trying to say he wants to hang out with Shaq literally
884 votes on a poll
900 becoming any second now
892 as a matter of fact now they're coming in chunks. They took him for a little while to get going this morning
Must have been extra coma inducing now. Don't say that
Why are you starting in again with those guys right now? I did not do my duty here to get my copy out
I'm just I'm just all confused. I think what it started was when ducking in this morning
I thought he brought you guys a whole bunch of food
It's all right, Doc. You don't need to worry about it
No, he should worry about it. I mean he should have brought you like sacks and sacks full of crap
Or instead of spending you know his own money could have gotten the charm guys to take with care of you people
Which he did not something's going on there that he must not be telling us. Well, what do you mean by that?
I know you loves them. They love us supposedly. They don't love me
The truck they love to our hot and I told you I told you is it in times on the way back from my a pill doctor in Tamarack
Every time I would stop at that one there on uphill road in Tamarack
And give me like a sausage with
Whatever meet
Yeah, the sausage with me is always good, but at any rate they don't like me
And maybe they hate you like for maybe last time they were in here in person. Yeah, it's Chris
They were there in person. They said what they said that we love you guys and you guys are great and you guys but not me
I want to know we're talking about you
By start us out like me green now get out of him me
Boy that one dropping where Randy says she's so old with chair. I'm a woman. I stained the chair. Oh, she's staying
Excuse me. Oh, that takes us all back
24 load at 560 WQ
Sometimes I feel myself
night
Phil's presents the game's greatest scores
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr
And he grew to rule a new England dynasty three Super Bowl rings twice Super Bowl NDP
And a playoff resume akin to a first class ticket to Canton, Ohio
However his powers on the gridiron gives way only to his powers in the bedroom
For late in the 2006 season Tom Brady achieved the greatest back to back scoring feet in the modern era
First he impregnated sultry Hollywood starlet Bridget Moynihan
Then against all odds this heroic field general bedded and inseminated
lingerie Supermodel
Buncheon
In honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets
We bequeath the laurels and regale among the games greatest scores number 12
Tom Brady
Nice 1046. How's Tommy doing on the pool? By the way, he's all the way up to 23 votes. He's right
I'm right behind anyone but who I am
Larry Kramer writes why do straights hate gays in the LA Times an 1872 year old gay man isn't hopeful about the future
It's a good article. I'm just gonna read it
Larry Kramer's founder of the protest group act up an author of the tragedy of today's gays today's gays
He says dear straight people
Why do you hate gay people so much? Gays are hated. Proof me wrong. Your top general does call us immoral
Marine general Peter Pace shimmer of the joint cheeses in charge of an estimated 65,000 gay lesbian troops
Some fighting for our country in Iraq
A right wing political commentator and colder gets away with calling a straight presidential candidate a faggot
Even gyrism killer of all people is making really tacky jokes about gay parents in his column
This I guess doesn't qualify as hate except that it's so distasteful and dumb often a first step on the way to hate
Senators help me rot in Clinton and Barack Obama try to duck the questions that paces big if he raised confirming what gay people know
That there's not one candidate running for public office anywhere who dares to come right on and equifically and say decent support of things about us
Gays shouldn't vote for any of them
There's not a candidate or major public figure who would not sell gays down the river
We've seen this time after time even from supposedly progressive politicians like Bill Clinton with his don't ask
Tell policy on gays in the military and his support of the hideous defensive marriage act
Of course it's possible that being shunned by gays will make politicians more popular
But at least we'll have ourself respect to vote for them is to collude with them in their uttered disdain for us
Don't any of you wonder why heterosexual treat gay so brutally year after year after year as your people take away our manhood our womanhood our personhood
Why even as we die you don't leave us alone
What can we leave our surviving lovers is tacked for more punitively than what you leave your legal surviving spouses
Why do you do this?
My lover will be unable to afford to live in the house we've made for each other over our lifetime together. This doesn't happen to you
Taxation without representation is what led to the revolutionary war gay people have paid all the taxes you have
But you have equality and we don't and there's no sign that this situation will change anytime soon
President Bush will leave a legacy of hate for us that will take many decades to cleanse
He has packed virtually every court and every civil service position in the land where people don't like us
So even with the most tolerant of new presidents
Gays will be unable to break free from this yoke of hate
Courts ruled against gays with hateful regularity and of course the supreme court is not going to give us our quality
And in the end so to speak it's from the supreme court that such equality must come if all of this isn't hate. I don't know what hate is
Our feeble gay movement confines most of its demands to marriage
But political candidates are not talking about and we're not demanding that they talk about equality
My lover and I don't want to get married just yet, but we want to be sure to be equal
You must know that gays get beaten up all the time all over the world
If someone beats you up because of who you are you're racer ethnic origin. That's considered a hate crime
But in most states gays are not included in hate crime measures and Congress is refused to include us in a federal act
Homosexuality is a punishable crime in the zygian countries as is any activism on behalf of it
Punishable means prison punishable means death the US government refused our request that a protest after gay teenagers were hanged in Iran
But it protested many other foreign
Cruelties who cares if a faggot dies parts of the Episcopal Church in the US are joining with the Nigerian Archbishop
Who believes gays should be put in prison?
Episcopalians whoever thought we'd have to worry about Episcopalians
Well whoever thought we'd have to worry about Florida a young gay man was just killed in Florida because of his sexual orientation
I get reports of gays slain in our country every week few of them even make the news
Few are prosecuted you consider it acceptable that 20,000 Christian youths make an annual pilgrimage to San Francisco
To pray for gay souls. This is not free speech. This is another version of hate
It's all one world of gay hate and it always was
Gays will realize that the more we become visible the more we come out of the closet the more we're hated
Don't those of you straights who claim not to hate us have a responsibility to announce the hate
Why is it socially acceptable to joke about girly men or to discriminate against us legally with constitutional amendments ban in gay marriage
Because we cannot marry we can pass on only a fraction of our estates
We don't have equal part out parenting rights and we can't live with a foreigner
We love who doesn't have government permission to stay in this country
These are the equal protections that the Bill of Rights for Finns for all of us
Why do you hate us so much that you won't permit us to legally love?
I'm almost 72 and I've been hated all my life and I don't see much change coming. I think your hate is evil
What do we do to you that's so awful?
Why do you feel compelled to come after us with such frightful energy to this somehow make you feel safer and legitimate?
What possible harm comes to you if we marry or our tax just like you or are protected from assault by laws that say
It's morally wrong to assault people out of hatred
The reasons always out for our religious ones, but certainly they're not based on the love all religions proclaim
And even if your objections to gays our religious why do you have to legislate them so hatefully make no mistake
Forbiting gay people to love her marry is based on hate pure and simple
You may say you don't hate us, but the people you vote for do so what's the difference?
Our own company's democratic process that clears us to be unequal which means in a democracy that our enemy is you
You treat us like crumbs you hate us and sadly we let you do it
I don't hate you. You go Larry. You're fair. What? I don't hate you man. Well, you're going too bad. Yes, you do
So I don't let me ask you well
Let me ask you one thing about you like it see
I'd like to hold you on the pole. They like our pole today although they don't I am just shocked
I mean this pole is so wide open you'd thought there'd be a zillion people that they would want to put on here
You know as opposed to the stupid thing last Friday well of all the stupid expressions. Yeah, well that was pretty good. Well, is all right
I mean, there's a lot of stupid expression that has a lot of stupid people and lots you know
922 on that pole none for George Rodriguez yet in Paul Allen's guts. He's got one
What nobody wants to be you? No question. No kidding trust. I think even I think even you probably was just gonna say that
Oh
Brady Quinn your buddy Moeshy says put great of wings got more girls than Jerry's got curls. I
Have no idea what that means
You have any idea what that means no
Brady Quinn put him on the pole right away. Well, there's one five six seven oh five sixty. I already said I wanted to be Brady Quinn
Even so I could just you know
Kind of have a good time with like myself
WQ a-a-m. Hello
Hey Neil have a little ladies and maybe a few of the men out there too. Okay, but that's not parody
Okay, he just to have done it. So I did that by new I knew exactly where you were going. Yeah, you knew where I was going with that in you
So I can't write guys
See
I just want to put a day
Okay, I didn't leave the house. Yeah
I had a couple hours with him back on Zeta that day, but I just you know, I missed my chance just like
Soloto said to godfather. I missed my chance. I'm the 101
Remember that? Resurrect. Do Soloto. I am nothing don't start with that godfather stuff again WQ a-m
Hello, yeah, sir. I have a first one I comment about the bill right
The center is founded on double standard slave owners wanted to be free
Yeah, second. I got a poll for you from the future best year ever for music and
Music in what movies like what movie and what music was out in that year that made it great
Okay, well, Talba let's also start with 1801 and we'll move on up from there. What do you think?
5 6 7 0 5 60
How about this poll today? I don't think this is a bad poll if I could be somebody else for one day
I would be blank. I mean you'd think there's be a billion choices on there, you know like poopy combo
They've got away
Gene Rayburn things like that, you know Paul Lind
John Stockwell
WQ a-m hello
Good morning. You good morning, sir
Yeah, this is the guy that called a couple days ago with the look up racy
at question
about you know
Sleep with the features. I had just something else you guys want me want to check when by the way
I was right as if that was a comment
I just thought I mentioned it again
Couple days voice don't know from no godfather. What is it the only thing maybe
George didn't look at the script well. I'm a rough. I say if I'm my doctor from Miami. I don't try to talk to us big English
Michael Waxing racy to his wife got played in the casino, you know with the bingo and she took his hand
And she said hello Mr. Paul, what the hell is that?
Mr. Paul that's what she called him
He called him Mr. Paul when he said hello to him and the last kill the man being what this dates, you know
Okay, well, we'll find out. I know what he's talking about
No, I don't I don't think should I should a quote with the first one was good. Oh now. Let's see. Oh look at this
Bob Norman has new updated information on Joe Rose on his blog Bob Norman. You're a jackass. Okay, you're an idiot a jackass
It says Joe Rose has been called in the principles office now. Who's this uh two and from and whatever it's an email to me from
Someone who saw that on Bob Norman's blog and that central Joe Rose has been called in the principles office
NBC6 to explain what he said in the last week about the deserability of black women whom he distinguishes red bones and chocolates or as Ray
Negan would say chocolates
It's gonna be a chocolate no Orleans
Ray Negan knucklehead
He's meeting today with stationing say this was the yesterday station executive about the comments to me last Wednesday on his radio show on seven
I did a ticket according to Broward times supporter Elgin Jones who's dogging this case. He's dogganit
He's bird dogganit
Jones just now interviewed Larry McDaniel NBC6 vice president programming told him the station is looking at the matter that Rose was coming
The office to explain what he meant when he said on the area prefer his red bones or lightskin black women at chocolates and that he understand most black men feel the same way
I left a message with McDaniel the confirm it but I've nerd back from him
But we don't even know who this is this. Oh, this is Bob Norman stuff
While NBC6 is looking at the matter the tickets hiding under the bleachers on this story
It hasn't returned numerous phone calls emails from Jones asking for comment which reporter
Feeling you're left him a bit blistered when Tim hardaway made his comments about hating gay people on their station
They blasted at every where he said but in this case they know who can return a phone call probably because it's much to do about nothing
Bob Norman
Rumors are still rumbling that similar roses co-workers are upset about the comments
His boss as Jones happens to be a black woman
So he really stepped into it into a bucket of stuff
But should the former Ted NB can by NBC and were that often to be for being so idiotic? No, that would be wrong
For one thing is audience other than Attorney Jack Thompson apparently wasn't offended by it
Which is always the case Rose must not be real big in the black women demographic
But he should definitely be made to apologize publicly for being such an insensitive bonehead says
Bob Norman hey body out of apologize for being a bone and making a mountain out of a whole hill the idiot
Pakistan police in Faratia are hunting a man who dug up his father's two-year-old corpse and took it home in a hijacked
Andoans to try to bring him back to life all right
Can't hurt
Abdul Rahman's family says he's mentally ill never been able to cope with his father's death
He dug up the corpse Thursday night after he had hijacked an ambulance and its driver at gunpoint and took it to his home
Please raid the house on Friday after complaint from the trusted on the ambulance and were from ramen's brother
I thought those were noodles ramen
Yeah, remember noodles he kept the corpse which is uh nothing but a skeleton in his bedroom for well over 12 hours
He escaped when we raided the house and we have buried it again
They said
Rossman also kidnapped a vagabond who slept in the graveyard and locked him up at home too. Well, maybe he's lonely
He told us he saw Rossman chanting music spells and pouring rose water on the corpse to bring it back to life
I was crying bitterly but we'll have thought and I come back for another round
I'll be back to life for the back to life
All the guest's are the crime they're all the public
60s
You A.M.
No Roger's show
This is your point
Any questions?
No
The marines which now were playing it's time to change the station turn it off and turn on your right heart
Absolutely
Some stupid sport hold flags don't care about their jobs
Are killing off the audience of ratings
Right, I want a phase fall
Back the brakes of me cash when your face fall
Right here you're almost forced man
It's U.A.M.
This bad and short hold way
A.M.
Of hot newbies in the listeners
They make your face fall
I'm a chopper my f***er ass
Right, Tom
They don't care if they just yet they program for their sisters with their nose embedded deeply in job straps
They kiss each other's thighs while hobbling sport hold eyes
And murdering the audience for only what they like
It's Marlin's phase fall
They're racing all our numbers Marlin's phase fall
You can't get any dumber
The management here don't give a crap what you think
Boop
They're busy filling out an athlete's pink
Speak you days fall
With all the sports crap
You'd be a baby fall
Back the brakes of forehold ass
Good news that we have no ball game today
Tomorrow though that's a big story
Tomorrow we have the marlins of the car good story
1250 marks and other stories are good story man
That's the only kind it's a good story
I'm almost tempted to play this
Hello Tom
Tom
This is Betty from the steam room
Can I speak to red?
Red?
Yeah
Red
Wow
Oh red?
Yeah, pretty from the steam room
And like uh
Alex knows there's a how to like a kick
In a place
So why for who?
How to like a kick
Who is it?
This is Betty
From the steam room bar?
Yes
That's how
No uh this is uh
His wife called here and uh
People here told me that he went up the room to bar
Yeah
This is how to like a kick
I don't know if you're saying what you're saying
You're saying it's like a kick
J-A-L-K-I-K
This is my place
Uh he's supposed to be there
So this how
It's like a kick
J-A-L-I-K
Everybody's name is like a kick
How?
Everybody's name is like a kick
Everybody's name is like a kick
Nobody by that name
No
Okay
Not there
Hell is what I could kick
Okay 955 in a poll
How about the mic is he there
What we don't want to get into that too deeply
No
567-0560 at least I don't
And pond 560 and he verized in singular wireless line
Really said
I remember I'm just bitterly disappointed
I thought we had turned the corner
We started on Monday
And then yesterday we made a big
I thought yesterday was just to find his wine
You know
I would even say
Nice
Yeah
I would go that far
But now today they're back like we've always said man
Don't ever assume this audience can keep it going
WDQ-A-M hello
Emil did you know that Virginia City in Nevada
Where you wrote
You spoke about that earlier for you
That's actually the opening scene of Bonanza
Where the ponderosa is
You know that burning map
That that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that in closing
Que pas co to gaunza no shuka baby
WDQ-A-M hello
Wish I heard
567-0560
pond 560 and he verized in singular wireless line
WDQ-A-M hello
Q-A-M
guttable sound line
I think it's Michael Jackson
Is that really
Oh
Yeah
Okay, and that's it. That's the mother of what they got so I guess the pull is all
complete
Really it just it just boggles my mind there were times when I think there's no way that they're going to be adding on it
You know we got everything that could possibly be on one and then all of a sudden I got one for the pull and now today
When I thought that the originalist was really very weak, you know very weak extremely weak
Maybe the pull question is very weak. I think it's just fine, you know
I would say nice
951 I'm 61 in a pull so make a thousand easy this hour but nevertheless maybe the busy voting on it
WDQ-A-M hello
Can you play that bit where the guy goes to get away from my car? Let me ask you a question. Let me ask you this question
Do you know who this is?
Yeah, yeah, do you know that?
That's the thing that says get away from my office. Yeah
Do you like have a habit when you call somebody not to say hey hello? How you doing Neil? How you doing? What's up?
Yeah, but sometimes you know if you don't get your point across right away you can hung up on
In some time show if you do that's right
Can you play you know, how about hey? How's it going Neil? How's it going? Hey?
Little friendliness extend the head of friendship and could be in such a schmuck, okay?
Can you play there is it no I can't I could but I won't
Because I don't like you altitude any like that punk
Although send a picture. We'll see five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and the Verizon singular right us line
WQ-A-M hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What I make you for that last guy
WQ-A-M hello
Hey, how about run Jeremy?
Oh my god. You want to be double-joyed it for a day as a matter of fact. Oh wait a minute
Give me a moment because I proved a somebody posted the comment on our my space page that talking about run Jeremy. This is even more
athletic
Acrobatics than run Jeremy, okay? Not not nearly as sexual, but ever though. Let me just look on a page there and see if it's up there yet
Oh, yeah, there it is
Wow
Giving new meaning that expression about having your head up your ass. I have in my life
I have never seen anything like that. Thanks Eric by the way whoever Eric is
Are you looking at it? I'm gonna go well right now
Go to the Marlon Brando main page there not too far from where the Weasemagel has that ugly look on his face
Like what was that big thing in the middle of Mariah Carey's chest is what he's wondering
And uh right there on a very first post
Are you looking at it?
Look come back to me in the middle. I might have it up by then. Oh come on. How about you?
Chris can you see it? Yeah, I've seen it before and that's just scary
It is scary, but it but it's is it for real? Oh, no, it's not well. What do you mean? Oh, it's not how do you know? It's not for real
Um, maybe his head could fit in that orifice
Maybe he's got a pinhead
It's not for real and looking at I've seen that before heavy
Not may not be for real, but it sure is cute sure. I'll give you a yes
Iron Jeremy put on there why would anybody want to be that fat in that hairy? What's the point because you got lead a lot
So big deal. How about being somebody it looks good and gets a lot of action, huh as opposed to somebody
Dispesting and has to get paid to be the oh geez, Ron Jeremy
I sat right across the table from him right where you're sitting right now. I just uh, I thought to myself you people
Actually are paying money to watch you do anything
I paid money to watch him disappear
966 on the poll though keep your eye on that
WQ I am hello
Yes money money you know that I really miss the one that I really miss is the Clinton so you haven't played up for so long
Would you please the Clintons? Yeah
What is that that's uh one that she was the boy when they were running
Uh, she was
WQ I am hello, hey Neil, how you doing okay sir?
Uh, some pretty bull. I would have liked to have been uh
OJ Simpson's live hour of the day committed those murders with a camera
Hmm
And there's only one problem with that that is if I could be somebody else for one day
I would be not who would you want to have been like 80 million years ago when OJ murdered those two people in cold
But but you continue like you always say they make the question and whatever they answer the question they want to answer whatever question that
No first they come up with an answer and they create the question for right kind of like on that stupid show jeopardy that you like so much uh-huh
They had some of the dumbest people on the real affordian last couple of nights that I've ever seen in my life
You mean double the usual number the usual they had one guy in there and I think he had like about 10 grand on a line too and it was chocolate covered macadamia
Something that whatever was well whatever was
And he said chocolate covered macadamian
Whatever what and on the end of it and there was no one there was no more letters there were no more letters
And they had one last night and she was even almost as dumb as he was but there's a lot of dumb people out there probably mostly from Florida. I would think
Here's the story of a football family
That you'll get when you knew a lot of girls
You can give your lady gold
Or some diners but don't release your pearls
Here's the story of that Tom Brady
Who was busy giving every girl a bone
Then one of them said he'll be a father
But she was not far long
Then came one day when Tom Brady went to cowboy
And he knew too many times and said been touched
Now he's just months away from a football family
In pregnant when they wrote the Brady junk
The Brady junk
Tom Brady's fun
Big as eight and all not tough by Brady's fun
Nice 1116 at 560 WDQM 975 0 so to full make a thousand by I'm thinking maybe the bottom of the yard or surely they're after any interest
Anybody here WQ and hello
Yeah, Neil yeah, how you doing buddy good?
You know every once in a while you fire up that song short past fanny yeah
Very ways. I'm gonna let you know that's the first record I ever bought when I move
Yeah, well, you must be old like me. Yeah, a black record
Yellow and white label with a big hole in the middle
Echo echo records
Just one let you know. Okay, good luck you pal. How you like that? That was marginally interesting
That was the first record that he ever bought what he's a little keen
Let me wait him to have a short back fanny man. I mean nothing like having a short back fanny
Got like jandy to zero
And we've got a fat fan, but it's short. Yeah, let's imagine it's that fanny
Wonder how farmers fanny candies do I hate that that's bad stuff by the way anybody who goes out there is a candy freak
Don't buy fanny farmer
You know what that's very big it's big and Rochester
I think that's where they make it and also in the Boston fanny farmer
Farmers fanny
never see farmers fanny not lately
WQA M hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir?
Good. I'm all my way to America express. Thank you. Okay. Well good luck. Let us know what you get there
Let us know whether that comes first or the ending and ignore you
WQA M hello
Q a M hello
Hi, yes sir one for your phone. Yeah
That's a take someone of the clock
I've sent in the past and I'd like to know okay great WQA M hello
Hey Neil. How's you going? Okay. Oh, I think it'd be one person who would be job at the hut
Okay, uh-huh. Yeah, very good. Nice to see that's the reason why I can't take calls they have no ideas
That's the problem they have no ideas. Well, that's new. Oh, I know well. This one will be good though Q.I.M
I'm just wild about every
Very wild about
WQA M hello
WQA M hello
Like that. That's not bad
A girl's beloved dog in a grizzly nightmare written by Mary Lynn Smith and the Minneapolis St. Paul St. Archibune. This is a very sad story
Crystal Brown's world was turned upside down a month ago when Chevy her four-year-old Australian shepherd mixed didn't come home
What kind of a name is that for a dog anyway Chevy people made their dogs all kinds of stuff
Pretty stupid name
I told him everything and he never shared any of my secrets at crystal 17 who's had some trouble times in her young life
Chevy was her therapy dog and she leaned on him for comfort and support. This is a very sad story
Two weeks ago a gift wrapped box was left at the house where she lives with her grandmother in St. Paul's
Rice street area inside the box crystal was horrified to find her dog's head
This was so cruel crystal said this is one sick twisted person the incidents considered so shocking that the remains
Society of the United States announced it's offering a reward of up to 25 hundred buss for information
You have to an arrest and conviction
Homicide investigators are looking into the case because of the implied terroristic threat St. Paul police are in jingray said a
Terroristic threat I
Didn't realize that the beheading the dog was a right I guess everything could be terrorism couldn't yeah
You scared the hell out of me right now
This was extraordinarily heinous said the El Bartlett the Humane Society
Debbie Manjure for animal cruelty issues. I deal with hundreds and hundreds of cruelty cases each year when I read about this case
It took my breath away. It's horrible. He said
This case Bartlett said as far worse than a recent episode in Ash gosh, Wisconsin where a 49-year-old man
Decapitated to his kittens because they were annoying
Sending the dogs headed the teenager was a malicious act Bartlett said that level of the property is beyond belief surely brown
Crystal's grandma said that Chevy wandered off after she let him out one night mid-Fibre
Crystal peppered the neighborhood with missing posters and went door-to-door with two photos of Chevy and hopes that somebody had spotted him
She rode the bus countless times to the St. Paul animal shelter and called there thousands of times she said
I felt empty crystal said I couldn't talk to anyone who was my dog or was just me and him
And a dog named Boo
Well
Who did that?
Don't tell me very ugly guy too by the way. Mm-hmm. Because when you got it. Yeah. Yeah. That's right
What is no no no?
Here's a hint. It's a kind of dog Sorta
It is Sorta. It's a kind of nine. I don't know. Lobo. Oh
Lebia
Excuse me
Then Shirley Brown came home one day and found a box wrapped in red paper on her front steps with batteries taped to the box
Congratulations, Crystal notes said this side off batteries included and it's sick
Surely Brown placed the box on her granddaughters bedroom dresser. I was surprised and excited crystal said
I thought it was a gift for my cousin
She tore off the paper and ripped open the box inside. She found Valentine candy and a black garbage bag
And then she saw her dogs face
Crystal screamed and ran to the kitchen to find grandma is this my dog grandma? No, that's not my dog is it my dog? Mm-hmm
Grace said investigate is believe the case is an isolated incident and the suspect knows the family
We don't know what the motive would be Grace said. It's a terrible thing to do to somebody's pet
Anybody with information regarding the case? I mean, I well we're not gonna give out phone numbers for the same fault
Police Chevy crystal said was the best Frenchie ever had he was more patient than any person I ever met
That dog waited for years for me to get myself together
So crystal then of course began to cry and get shy and who can blame her
That dog didn't care what I did what I didn't do
But anyone did to me he didn't care about anyway. I just wanted to love me the way I loved him
Crystal's got a new puppy now another Australian shepherd that she's named diesel
The puppies know Chevy not yet anyway. Hopefully he'll be my best friend crystal said hopefully he'll be my guide through life crystal and diesel
Let's hope now let me ask you if crystal turns out to be a lesbian
With that make diesel a diesel. Oh, no, I don't even go there. Okay, well
I won't go there
98 and the pole by the bottom of the air will have a thousand. There's Bob Barwood at stupid mustache
What a silly person man?
By Mr. Bush himself
But it would be a bit about 991 on the pole now
5670560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WQA and hello
How you doing there? Okay, sir
Uh, I would like to kill a comic for Christ today. Okay, well go ahead
Why do I don't get a couple of them kill a comic for Christ kill somebody for Jesus man the more religious you are
Let me tell you right now. This is the true test
The true test of how religious you really are
Is whether we can really get you to go out there in in radio land
I'll find it and just kill some people that's right and the more you kill more religious you must be
Because that's what religion is do better than anything else kill some people
WQ I am hello. Hey, buddy
Yes, sir, has anybody called him with Larry King yet
No, and they won't I just it
Get out of here
You can go to the store and put diapers on
You let them snappy suspenders and maybe you like to be wearing that bag, huh? Uh-huh
In fact, we got where is that clip on there? I mean it doesn't really be saying anything very exciting
He just says hi this Larry King and that's what I said somebody Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, got one for your pole. Yes, sir
Chris Bush
No
Oh, yeah
Oh, man. Does anybody out there know Chris Bush only this only these it's like the guy with a Susan Gray that right inside
Little inside information. Maybe this guy would like to be inside Chris Bush. There's no question probably has been mm-hmm
WQ a Q a Q a M hello
Neil yes, good morning, sir. How are you? I'm great. Listen. Don't be a stranger
Yeah
Yeah
Week wQ a M. Hello hello, Neil yes, is it bad that I stay at home and listen to my door stay records while looking at internet porn? No, that's excellent
Oh, I love it. I love it. Keep your eye on street sweety. Keep your office street
WQ a M. Hello
Neil, how are you? Okay, sir
The list for your poll a young Louise Miguel would be
Finally yet. Well, what do you mean a young Louise Miguel? Now you're doing like the guy did with the yeah
You don't get to speak and choose yeah
You have a business
Oh
Yeah, ask the cameo V to screw out here
Now I do like this now. I like the new format now because this gives us a chance to talk to everybody
I mean everybody everything that moves everything that may be breathing although some I doubt
This is where it's at
996
Let's get this let's get this get her done as they say
Get her done baby as they say in the deep south like you know homestead places like that
Key West key largo
Get her done
Okie Chobby for Hoki I bet you they say that in Poki let get her done
And now that I'm not I'm trying to get to the thousand nothing else happening on it. I keep clicking it
Oh 97 now they're coming in by the ones just to aggravate an agitate which they do the best
If I could be somebody for else for one day I'd be Hugh Hefner 283
But only when he was younger and surrounded by hot hot numbers
I got to be me 240
Tiger Woods 117 I hate this pole
74 7.4 percent way too high Howard Stern 45 George W. Bush 43 Bill Clinton 41 the legendary Neil Rogers 40
Anybody but who I am 32 Tom Brady 28
Wayne Heisega 18 Bill Gates 13 Hillary Clinton 8 that bitch
Shack Shaquille O'Neal 5 Shaquille Paul Allen's got four
I'm surprised you got any I still don't know who that is. I don't want to know either
Brady Quinn only three I'll take him Ron Jeremy one. He's gonna be at that show by the way
Uh Vanessa Paradis one that's the Johnny Depp want to be a lady and George Rodriguez finally got a vote. Oh
Well, what was that? Hmm the ending of that what the hell was that the end
No didn't you just happen on the end of that?
It ended
Chris did you hear the end of that? I wasn't paying much attention to it. Well, thank god only in the banana republic, baby only in Miami
What is sports sports sports sports what do you say?
QAM
Go
It's the big old Lando else gear mornings 5.7 sports radio 5.60 QAM
Oh
Shack
I'm a man. Can I know?
Kick the sun dance the rocker
One total
When Ryan said the Greek was in my eyes huh from my head
Thought it was the night that good and won't leave what he said
My face was very rare
One shy
A mallet car he's a total nuts button
Sunshine
A mallet car
Calories got nothing
One shy
A mallet car has all I have to say to you
Sunshine
A mallet car he with a hundred and two
Looks like he's been sitting
In the
Oral
From the
Nationwide books
Sudden
You are not in the top 12 in jaya has made it for you surprise oh my god
Demand in hula dancer
Visited by zero jeans
He's a bit of a
Like he's a manly man
His voice re-mine three of a gay should grill from Japan
We just need the paper fair
Sunshine a mallet car he's a total nuts button
Sunshine a mallet car
Calories got nothing
Sunshine a mallet car
And fall I have to say to you
Sunshine a mallet car he with a hundred and two
Looks like he's been sitting
Oral way from the two
Now you're on that picture of clearance there on our my space page where's got his head up his ass
2016 votes on the pool by the way and you didn't hear the rejoin there at the end
I can you play that again. I didn't yeah, let's have it on koal
Is it possible to do that or not we can do anything for those people who say size doesn't matter
Well, it does of course I'm talking about the new
2007 Lincoln Navigator Al with 128 cubic feet of cargo space and over 15 inches behind the third row seats
There's plenty of room for whatever you're carrying and because of the Lincoln you get the luxury and warranty
You've come to expect at least an inavigator for only 499 a month for 39 months at South Florida's biggest Lincoln Mercury dinner
Pines like in mercury I 75 and Sheridan Street being a mom with
Now is it just me or do that sound a little bit peculiar?
Yeah, it was a non-standard
Well, what does that mean? I don't know it's just different non-standard is it was screwed up is what it sound like to me
I don't know if it was screwed up. I think it would you know would you think that was intentional?
I was supposed to be like an intention to grab her yes, yes, yes, sports radio
Radio off-line. Yeah, yes, it's grabbed your attention. It's your it is. I picked maybe want to vomit
Maybe you want to puke. Well, he's a lot of see bacon bits up all over the board here
That's what they do know
What is that make you want to puke? No
And of course the interesting part of it is just like that thing about all the golf in the deraille and all this other
And nobody cares nobody cares nobody cares
A few thousand people are care about any one of these isolated things, you know
Where guys are wearing jockstrap golf they do any more a jockstrap. What kind of an athlete is that?
How do you know? Well, maybe they do they just have a gore on there
He's wearing a big jockstrap talking about global warming in front of the Senate
But a few but a move that Tom jikers saying you better quit talking to his crap, okay? That's a little Tommy jikersan
WQAM. Hello
Hi Neil. Good morning. Good morning
Two things standing on your your tweaked my childhood. I still live in a Bronx in the 50s and we used to go to our field trips in school
Yeah, I thought it was up there
Second on your whole it was what the first these most want to be
What did you like to win do you? I
Like to be George Bush like to kill myself
Okay, great
5605 60 pond 560 the Verizon singular wireless line
WQAM. Hello. Hi Neil. This is Betty
Publicly bubluzy
WQAM. Hello
It's true. Lakin. All right. I'm making the in the loins just here and at I'm making it in my groin and
the loins and whatever
1021 votes on the pool. What we went zooming by that thousand mark. How much of Chris is thinking wow? We went to 1200 today
Oh, yeah, I think so got two hours and 24 minutes to go. That's not possible
I got I got to start thinking about I got to start thinking about my wardrobe for a woodbind
Where's that guy been lately checking on my wardrobe now that I got those new threads there for my good buddy
Well, now that you mentioned it. I'm sure he'll call oh good
Got that nice new jacket. Maybe I'll wear to live by today and change my luck
WQAM. Hello
Hello. Yes, sir
Hey Neil
Anyone ever thinks that global warming
Might not be happening. It could be just a
Just a friend in uh, just a trail. Yeah in the earth. I mean we're
They don't have an climatological history to know
That there's no we don't have enough history around okay, right? Let's go about the ice. Hey
I said al Gore let's send him to Washington right now. Okay, and I'll bring his ass back WQAM. Hello
It's classic Wednesday
WQAM. Hello. Hey, I want to be Ira Winderman then I can be on WQAM all day long
Good boy. That's a very real keep you off the street. Nice going Ira. Hey Ira
You're squeaky and you suck, but other than that
Ira Windbag the man who single handelies being allowed to destroy QAM would help a course of clearance
Now he's got a lot of help
So what do we do? We ever decide what we're going to do about the morning show we're gonna have to I think I came up with a solution
I had a dream last night. Okay, and here's the answer to what we're gonna have to do to straighten out the morning show
Killsle people that's right. I see I mean no names in particular, but just to get out loud
WQAM. Hello
Oh
South Florida business man hard to work at his desk
See a lot of people probably don't believe that, but he's like a reputable businessman
You know, he's a he's the boss wherever he is, right? Am I right? Yep. He's the boss man
So we can do whatever the hell he wants. Don't you QAM? Hello
Hello, I'd like to be Henry Barrow and sit some wine in the dolphin press box all day long. Okay, Henry and by the way
Put the food down put down the chow Henry
I wonder if he ever lost any weight that that was
I hate to say because Henry you know, we always liked him Henry's a good guy
But that was discussing that day he came in we hadn't seen Henry used to be the news director WI would do 100 years ago when we worked there
I was with a pretty good guy and he was like a little guy, you know
Kind of funny looking I didn't say that I was
Immediately looking for that thing in here and of course it only takes about two seconds. Oh
He's a little guy kind of funny look actually kind of very distinguished looking now would say when you say with a must-a-ash
That's right this thing which you know snapping always with the suit on you know the whole deal didn't look like a wine swilling drug at all
No, all he was and then he came into QAM there several years ago got a very very abriant and hot young daughter
What's he's not so young anymore, but brilliant nice nice young lady
But to make a long story short he had ballooned up to like you know, he was still like about four feet tall but weighed about 600 pounds
It was a disheartening to see that
But yeah, when you get a lot of free wine and the wine tasting then you get the cheese and the crackers and more wine and all other
Whatever just ballooned up, but that's what the business will do to you
It was just to take your insides and just twist them like twisted cookies. We do have that though. Don't we?
Twist the police. I got some right now
Yeah, when you work in this business you'll get twisted kiffies me if there's no extra charge for that
There's no surcharge sir
1028 votes on our award-winning legendary show
Here's what you wanted what you asked for mr. Johnson oh
Wait a minute. Oh, that was that I get in and hold it
Mark it is down
Oh
Well my broker's calling and he's telling me the market's falling now
We stand in my
And don't call it come and jump with me
My socks are fading even though I'm on some heavy trading
The payment I'm in
You don't seem all whipped up about that oh yeah
The house committee investing in the firing of U.S. Attorneys by the Justice Department authorize the issuing of subpoenas of top aids to
President Bush today in a voice vote. They stopped sure to visually subpoenas themselves
The motion passed to authorize the chairman of wishing subpoena said a spokesperson for our judiciary committee chairman John
Connures a statement on the authorization will soon be forthcoming. Well, there's swillery on your TV said oh
Interesting. Oh my gosh. He's got the personality of a dead boofo toe man. She is weak weak. Oh
God look at her she's like she looks like Larry King and drag all hunched up like that. But she wears suspenders
You think that wouldn't surprise me and she definitely ain't got any boobs. I'll say to that
The authorization provided for subpoenas to secure testimony to hearing and to obtain documents from these individuals as well
As unre-dacted documents
Unredacted from the Department of Justice and White House pursuant to the committee's investigation
But a beep bit a boop about a subpoenas for the following individuals will be covered by the authorization decals
Samson Carl Rove Harry admirers William Kelly and Scott Jennings
About a beep bit a boop bit about we will not necessarily issue the subpoenas immediately send aid in the email to raw
Story we're trying to do what we can to avoid that but the vote will offer the possibility the possibility that the White House will definitely choose to stone wall and slow walk the investigation
But a beep bit a boop but a boop but a boop. In other words, how many times did they have to lie before they all wind up and jailed together?
How much more of this BS do we have to listen to before everybody gets a free gigantic shak-tobody on and gets laid
That's what we all want to know. Let's get to the important stuff. Now what's this thing you just sent me here?
Filthy perversion. It is oh good
Wine bath for the nads mud pack for the sack pleasures heavenly a pledges heavenly pleasure
I wine back for the nads and a mud pack for the sack
Like I kind of a ring to it doesn't it? It does
Japan's ever inventive sex industries latest innovations in the action of the facial a mud pack for the penis
According to spa whatever publication that is spa
A 30s of our recent years taking a harder line on the flesh trade and other little play on words a very clever
Herburell this is on the MSNBC website by the way
So you think that it would be much less to suggestive and much less grotesque in which case we wouldn't care
Authorities have in recent years taken a harder line on the flesh trade prompting operators to come up with an increasing
Variety of services aimed at providing pleasure but circulating the long arm of the law
Well, how can you have any pleasure if you don't have a long arm
Right the mud pack for the penis which follows a wine bath for the go nads is part of an Italian style aesthetic treatment offered by a
Tokyo based service called the arrow money
Sounds to not the sounds those sounds Japanese to me sounds Italian huh? Adamani
Sounds so schmaltsy a whole lot of operations similar to ours bring up an insure term
We need to provide a service nobody else was offering and this was it the Adamani boss tells spa
Our sales point is that we also offer variations including having the service performed by multiple workers groups of two or three women
Or he can have it performed by a shy woman or another one who'll be talking dirty while she's doing it
Oh, what the shia
one
The arrow money's I'm out of shia woman who's talking dirty
The arrow money's boss as the service began with a motto of providing health and beauty to the willian anus
Yeah, that sounds real Japanese doesn't
Willianus I do that guy what time will you with one of you the service involves using a hotel sink or face washing basin
Fill you with warm water and wine try the wine
This is aimed at improving the circulation instead of inserting the face in there and however the client places their bottom in the bowl
Allowing the penis and anus to be stuck in the studs of their
Semoye
Oh come on that's French no kidding. No, it's Japanese
Spine notes that the washing is performed by at least one woman who the Adamani insist must be in her 20s or 30s at the oldest
once the basic
Basin finished as finished the genitals are swathed in a chunk of mud supposedly to cleanse the skin
Once they're completely covered the woman or a woman providing the service then they show their handiwork so to speak
Oh, wait a minute. I can't read this
Well, I'll read it until the client reaches climax or what spot calls the ascent to heaven. Yeah, well that sounds odd about
Discribable that sounds very sexual to me is what it sounds like
Hmm sound like some kind of a whole house to make it is what it sounds like. I thought there was like something really uh, you know
What different gonna happen? It's just sound like you know
Just just a different way of achieving the same old means you're all the way. Oh sitting sitting in the sink is something to think
Sitting in the sink and why would I think?
boy
Oh, 46 votes on a pool by the way
Those Japanese man they were all those orientals man they are so uh
Morning bizarre. Oh, horny
Like I said they just multiply like rabbits like the Chinese and what about those engine people, huh?
What kind of engine those engines and engine?
The ones that injured the ones that who's not that proud the ones with a career Roma
The ones I've seen it would by this afternoon a lot of Indian people are oh my goodness
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello
What was dolphin Danny like?
Like about uh old
What was he like? You were in Luthor. Oh yeah
WDQ a.m. Hello. Let's go back to the Vodville days
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Sound like Jim Scholar though. Hey
Yeah
Yeah, that was Jim Scholar
You're right. He's a crazy person W. Q. A. M. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Boy not good five six seven oh five sixty
Palm five sixty and leave rise and sing it or what I was like what we've been getting has been great
But it's just not uh, you know, it's not in copious enough amounts
Like whatever was bathing there in that sink. It's not in copious enough amount
WQ a.m. Hello
No, yes sir. I'd love to be able to be uh, soon a great pole guy. No, okay great
WDQ a.m. Hello
Sounds like he's getting a lot of work done at the orifice today, isn't it? A little bit. He's good
WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil, I heard all the other idiots calling in so I thought I'd join too. Sure
WDQ a.m. And see now this guy gets it. That's what we want. We want everybody in South Florida to be an idiot
Which we got a good head start on that
And that's going to be the show from now on four hours of idiots idiotus
Don't you like that? I think all your account. That's easy to do and South Florida is just act natural
WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey Neil, how's it going? Okay, sir
Yeah, I thought it was good that you're talking about enjoy life to the fullest and I just saw a dead guy in the side of the road and a motorcycle accident
And uh, you know, make you feel like you really enjoy life
At the shameless request the um very king drunken bit
Yeah, yeah, yeah, WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Who I would like to know. I would like to know
Now what do you just say?
The same guy that calls uh, it's called a couple times already trying to get you to speak Spanish. Oh
Speak Spanish, damn it speak. Speak in the English. Okay. Okay. Get back at a banana boat. Who's each a key this banana? What do we do the first time?
WQ a.m. Hello. Morning Neil. How are you today? Okay. How are you doing? I saw the greatest thing you would have been jumping off your barcle
last night
You I saw for the first time I like somebody put Bill O'Reilly in his place. He was show shot
They have a problem from the governor of the mayor of public city on yeah, and he laid him. Uh, you know what yeah
Just said that everything you said let me let me suggest this to you for wasting your time watching bill O'Reilly
That's my best suggestion to you WQ a.m. Hello
You may have a new like I want to pull. Yeah. Uh, we'll click to
He's on there. Okay. Thank you
42 votes for Bubba. See that's always a good idea. Don't look at the polliner or listen to me read the result
Just make up a name and I hope that it is on there so I can say always already on there's got Aben and vote
32 a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Yeah, you can do it
Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay, how you doing great man?
Uh, you know, I'd like to be Osama bin Laden so I could blow my friggin brains out. Okay. That's really clever
Ha ha ha. Osama your mama
WQ a.m. Hello
Uncle Neil yes, sir
We had the question some years ago. I think you used to run uh
Your program
Uh, in the evening then you run a twice a one day. No
Never did that. No, no, I'm a station. No, I'm not a station. We used to run the best of me like on as you win
8000 times a day in Tampa. Are you in Tampa? I hope I'm in uh, I'm in St. Lucy
You're in Port St. Loosely? Yeah, loosely. We're very loosely up here. Yeah. No, they didn't run the show twice. Why you want to hear it again? No
I'm saying that you used to run uh
reruns on one kind of mean. I mean I rerun but you know I'm saying uh, repeat
No never did that either. Oh, he had tapes when I was on vacation before we put George on air time
About how many years ago? Did you did you'll about put you up to this call? No, I've been around my army for many years
Yeah, me too. That's why I got that loud. Okay. See I think you'll go put them up there
Oh, that was great when you used to play those put out of those tapes. They pop an alien. That was the best name
Whenever I shape up all I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Oh
One and Oscar for his two-bit flick
Oh
All that safety earth crack it makes me sick
Oh
Everybody says that
He's great
Oh, I know is he should
Some way
Goar's motion picture is up for
Oh, it did was make me snore
With never ending warnings please beware of global warming
Oh
Here's another and can be
Oh should be fitted for a larger soon
Listening to him is a joy that's much bigger than before
I do not
Oh
Okay, travel to at 560 WQM we got the 1048 votes on our poll for those who keep track
I'm sure we probably have some lifeless people out there who I have no right right these things down every day
Oh, at noon today, and you'll have you know like that
Talk about desperate
Mm-hmm one of our my space people is desperate for Henry Burrow's daughter
He just to send me messages whenever you mention Henry beer on your show
You always mention his hot daughter if you're talking about Tracy I actually went to high school with her
And let me tell you if you think she's hot lately you should have seen her in a high school
Smoking hot it would have turned you straight
He says if I wasn't sent to lose her in high school
I would have gone for this of correspondences
But I was wondering if you ever see her again tell her to add me on her my space
And if she doesn't have a my space tell her to grow up and get with the program
It said that I can still remember her from history class some 20 plus years ago
Oh, well who the hell doesn't remember and believe me I was in high school 47 years ago
For 44 years ago
I'm I'm I'm like accelerating. I'm like up to 75 by now
Gradesway to 1960 so let's say yeah 40 some years ago. I can remember Jim Park
I know a lot of people bob with his spoon
Ronnie Stiggins
Marty Schneider Marty Schneider committed suicide
Mm-hmm
What are you playing that for that's the Jim Parks on oh is it really yeah
So I remember I remember that day in the in the locker room and in the gym
I remember that day in the gym park
In fact didn't they name a park after him gym park I think so
So for Hollywood and he was just naked as a jaybird but at any rate
148 votes and you only got one
If you could be somebody uh anybody else for one day who would it be you have to do 92
I gotta be me 247. I gotta be me uh tiger woods 120
I hate this poor 82 it's going up 7.8 percent maybe that's why we're not getting the million names on it because they hate it
Howard Stern 47 neo-Roger is 45 right now how he's asked
George W. Bush 45 Bill Clinton 42
Anybody but who I am in 33
Anybody else Tom Brady 32 Tom is climbing the ladder
To get to the window just like in Romeo and Julietta
Wayne Heisinga 18 Bill Gates 16 Hillary Clinton 8
There's eight guys out there who wish they were Hillary Clinton or wish they could be that butch
Shek heel O'Neill Shek Creel as in five
Paul Allen's got five Brady Quinn four Ron Jeremy three he's gonna be in at the sex show this weekend next weekend
Whenever it is Vanessa apparently he's three that's the adjuntied that best broader lady and George Rodriguez
Solomon Thaeun only one fool
Well you and a fool I want to be David Lee Ross' somebody here and this is from somebody at the Harold no less
At the Miami-Herald
David Lee Ross now. Why would anybody want to be David Lee growth raw?
I don't know maybe they want to be balding into over with and have done such a horrendous job filling in on the stern show on terrestrial radio like David Lee growth. Oh, I'm sorry
WQ I am hello
Marty Snyder died
Yeah
I died
Welcome
5 6 7 the actually Marty Snyder committed he tried once and several years before and failed
And now I guess he thought it was such a good idea to try it again
That's a terrible thing to say because he was a good kid, but he's not a good kid anymore. He's not even a good old guy anymore
And like I told you and my friend Dave from Rochester came up last was it last year the year before I don't know
With his girlfriend Ginny too people are with the high school with them
I mean, you know they looked okay. It's not like they looked like they were from a cemetery village
But old you know old
And I'm thinking to myself over what must it must they have thought about me Jesus God look at him look how old he is
Yeah, I'm old
Not good all you punk's out there don't get old
Take some of that jungle Jews do something
1048 5 6 7 0 5 60
And pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
WQ I am hello
Yeah, you are WQ a and hello
Hey Neil. Yes. I got one for your bowl. Yeah, how about bono
How about him
Put him on the bowl pretty ugly guy put him on a put him on the pole is that a directivess sir
Then on the pole
Not the floor the pole on the flow and put your ass on the floor you idiot
Put him on the pole that's like that one guy you know we put up with it from him because that guy's funny put him on there
You know who is the guy that he was always talking about
Frankie lineman. Yeah
You can be Frankie lineman for one day. I will he probably don't smell too good anymore. He's been dead for a very long time
5 6 and this is my last time I'm giving these numbers out
Then I'm going to revert to back to my pole because this whole concept of mine. I think it's really great
The only problem is that these people are in a coma
I
Thought I thought once upon a time in America way back in the I&Z days when I dropped all the boring guests
And I went to a totally different format, you know, mm-hmm
And I never gave the numbers out. I would just come in and sit down every day in the phone
Be just ringing off the hook. I never had to give the numbers out for a very long time
Those are the days my friend. That's what Mary Popkin said those are the days
The salad days. What are the that means? I know I hate that. WQ a and hello
And now I've got a question for you. Yeah, is that is that you only
Joey rental that they once they have that truck night is the same Joey Reynolds used to be down here years ago and 94
Yeah, okay, great. Thanks
No, it's a different Joey Reynolds for Christ's sake. I am that him right. That's him
A man who on the single handly don't guess what else we got on here too on this great disc speaking to Joey Reynolds
I had the bird and Joey had Bill Marshall
WQ a hello
What is it?
Who is it?
Baby baby baby Jones
What do you got baby?
Papa Bowie. Yeah, that's what you got squad WQ a and hello
Neil yes, you know why that lady gave her a dog name a Chevy because Ford stuck man
Okay, that what it is
5670560 maybe she's an Indian dog tourist that was a horrible story about the dog hidden the box that was really bad
Because it was a real story wasn't like some fictional thing like the horses head in the bed like in the godfather with jack waltsk
And pound five sixty out of Ryzen singular wireless line WQ a m hello
WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
Okay, sir
And
Yeah, all right, thanks. You're welcome. Yeah, and the sun will shine tomorrow somewhere tomorrow
Like that
Okay, that's it for the calls and that's it for me. Here's George. Hey, yeah, the going it. The earlier we have that Marlon game tomorrow
1250 for you. I know which is good. Wouldn't that be ashamed? That'd be great WQ a m hello
Q a m
Can't do it WQ a m hello
That's just for me. Hey, I think man was a host of star search was any
WQ a m hello
Hello, yes
Yeah, we're Gilbert
Where is he why you got like one of them tracking things on his ass? No, I
I miss him so much. Yeah, okay. Well, well, you is number believe me. We got it
Gilbert Solomon. Okay, we'll be more than happy to give you his number and shoe size
WQ a m hello
Hello
Yes, this is Deborah. Yes Deborah. Uh, I'm calling WQ a m aren't you? You're speaking to WQ a m yes
Oh, okay, I hear the they're on the air there and I just wanted to speak on the air and say a couple of things
What do you want to say Deborah? You're on the air right now. We're on the air there. Oh, okay. Well, I wanted to say that you should get
Uh, don't share with on there. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no
Oh my god, don't sure what my ass
Lai
Yeah, not not they're doing it on the air. Yeah, well, they did before remember was that what they were doing before I?
It's been so long. I don't know when they were on the on that fake surf station. They would call you during the show
It don't sure how you're doing another radio
Doctor radio drifter than nobody ever heard of the other stalkers man
They think that they're talkers, but they're really stalkers
Get done sure what on it and didn't she sound like a sarcotic bitch huh?
Oh, you don't know the radio over there and uh, yeah on the radio over here
We're on the radio over here and you're not honey. And either was done sure what I rather put reberter sure
What on especially for you? I've actually chicken echo Marisa. That was her theme song reberter sure
She had a 15 minute show. She tinkled on the panel
I
Wish a lot of people would like to see a show these days with some you know some celebrity who would tinkle on the panel
But anyway, no thanks. That's not much that especially for you
That's what I'm here for and don sure what put them on here. Are you crazy person or what honey? Are you crazy?
Jesus god and Joseph
No wonder people turned a religion with crap like that going around like some kind of a disease like a disease in your radio
We got a disease in our transmitter. It's freaking done sure with disease
We would cope before we put down sure what on here. How do you like that honey?
And so what everybody else which is why he couldn't buy his way out of here
He had a million dollars a minute. He couldn't buy his way on here
Whoever the hell he is the god your breasts are beautiful several days ago
I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been made by some members of congress about Iraq and it's important to make this point
At the outset
The president of the United States
Purposely misled the American people on pre-war intelligence
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions
These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood
pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program
There is no denying that the president lied to the American people
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety
It's also something I enjoy
It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life
The president and his administration hate our country and hate the liberties for which we stand
They dwell in the shadows have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality
The president of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible
And none of us should want it any other way
Thank you very much
Some of these were going to be a click of leading term with everything in justice
For what we stand up to stand on this young Ponzi. Whatever you were saying right
So what was that deal that we had just before the atop of the hour?
There's something about anybody want to uh
Consort with Henry Burrow's daughter and they said sure would
Sure, what they were saying that must have been it
Yeah, because nobody would enter right mind would call say hey put on sure what all the air Neil huh?
It's really talk about the
epitome of desperation
That's have to have like a pim a female pim who calls the show now and she called before because I forget all she's called
Clarence. She's called the voicemail
I saved the voicemails because they're ridiculous and insane and comical yeah
Pretending to be a producer and it's got to be his wife or his daughter or something like that because he's in the background
You hear him in the back. I'm approaching yelling at each other and all this stuff
The man's like a hundred from the sound of him. Yeah
Yeah
It's just for me you're gonna get that guy from my own new house is named the guy from Boston
Do you remember that old fart from Boston?
The poop oh
Oh, I thought you were talking about from the rock group but
That was Larry justice justice. That's right for justice. We must go to see Don Corleon. Larry justice
He couldn't face the fact that they can't even got him off the ear because of the fact that he's stuck on here
Not that he was a hundred years old nobody cared about that if he was a hundred and could have gotten an audience
They'd have kissed his fat ass, but they didn't
WDQ-AM hello
You're talking about the boy. Yeah, we're talking about how bad you are is what we're talking about you're very very
Intermittent your pathetic is what you are. I rather listen to Don Sherwood than listen to you. Okay Reverend Schmeckle
Fives it boy. They just can't do it today at all, man
I mean once every every now and then like every half an hour every 45 minutes all of us someone get like a little a little spurt
If I can say that and then that's about it
5670560 pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line
This is always short QA and hello like I said. It's always short. That's it
Okay back to my pile
See this was an interesting experiment. I tried it for like two and a half days and it seemed to be working like a charm
Didn't seem to be fine as wine. Yeah for a while there, but they can't do it. They haven't got it in them
WQ-AM hello
WQ-AM hello
Can George teachers how to play dominoes
WQ-AM hello
Hey Neil I definitely would love to be close and long
Bob Fittrackis and Harvey Wasserman right blowback from Ohio's 2004 stolen election is escalating blowback
This is a long story am I gonna have time to read this? I don't know
See I'm getting lazy now. I mean when I can just say to him punch up all these morons one after the other
Why should I sit here and go through all of this you know what I'm saying? They don't care about it anyway
The fact that the election was fixed in 2004 and Ohio I've read 80 million stories about this. Does anybody out there care about any of them? No of course not
What why am I doing this why am I you know going through such incredible effort? I don't know kills time
Why do I care enough to do my duty like a good little Cub Scout like a boy scout?
I'll get lost in the woods. I'll say I get a lot of publicity. Mm-hmm. WQ-AM hello
Yeah, I want to be disposed of like Gilbert great-small. We all came on
WQ-AM hello the guy that was on Q-AM back in the old days was leisure would a rich y'all know about him
He's a good jock. Yeah, and they had to just keep on coming. All right
Click here he goes sound like another one of them radio guys back in the old days
If there was not Rick Shaw get out in here sounded like Rick Shaw
Crazy
Don't sure what all I say. Yeah, it really blew WQ-AM hello
They're
The WQ-AM hello
It's kind of spinning our wheels here. I'm Neil not quite familiar with Reverend. Yeah, I reverend John's on the phone
It's just not quite the same. There's the one you know all the other ones I can deal with there's the one
Remember that song by the folks you're the one you're the one you're the one we're gonna have a special
We're just like Sodom man. We're gonna be like a special rope
Because we cannot cope
And log in using your fun net account WQ-AM. She's at least better than the down sure would lady Q-AM. Hello
Hi, uh, I want to talk to Neil speaking
Neil you still talking about Don sir what
How come are you jealous of him? He happens to do a film. Oh, this isn't you again. Is this the same bitch? Is this the same crazy bitch
Right? The fact that he can't get a job
Jealous of what that he can't get a job is that what I'm jealous of get out of here. You're crazy bitch
I'm jealous
Oh my god, you're still talking about that. Yeah, we might talk about until two o'clock. How do you like that? Okay, but
And then she's the open and I take that back didn't we have the the other the Johnny Depp lady is that Tracy?
I'm not sure the one that's obsessed with Johnny Depp we have her and now we got to this one
Maybe she can call back every 15 minutes we give her a win. They promote Don sure with the segment
What are you jealous of Don sure whether he's a hundred years old and he can't get a job and over the
Radio one of you. Yeah, I'm employed and then I can't think he'd call me here to try to like a to try to what we don't want him
Okay, we don't know him. We don't want him. We don't care about him
But other net have a nice day
Can't even go away and hello
WQ a M hello
Why that stuff back to follow you only they worse than I think sports talk would be all geriatric radio
And yeah, clowns like Don surewood and Larry justice. God did I have a flashback? Oh man, you know who Don surewood is?
Um, I remember him vaguely and
It will just like justice is better than I kind of put them both out of my mind, you know
Um, let's make let's put this way it makes stand major look like a giant in the industry, you know what I mean?
Who is this?
No, no, no, I'm in a long time listener. That's all I'm just uh, you know, I'm not a radio person
Not at all sir. I'm just a loyal listener who calls and
Kisses you took us every swap and bank you stay on the air. I don't
Did Jeff I even hear did you have any comment on that Hillary Clinton video that they did the old Apple commercial?
Did you see that? Yeah, I've seen it a hundred times. Yeah, and then this is the new campaigning in the in the
Age of the internet. This is the new deal. Well, it takes the spin map. It takes the spin masters out of game because whatever
Kakha they can try to put out on us. We can you know someone else can go back with something
Right lethal. I guess they want to right anyway listen
You're the best there is and Don surewood couldn't put a pimple on your
Token pass. Okay. Thanks. He wanted me to put that down with that, but I wouldn't do it
5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm not one of those guys that plays that don't end the man
Don't play that game
What are we going to get 1200 days still stuck there in a thousand forty eight? I think I think we better put a marlin game on that
I think the audience is so they're so locked into the effect of nowhere this exhibition is baseball thing
We're not we're not going anywhere to two in fact. I don't even have my
Pants on you. Are my shirt on 1048 votes
Don't even have my pantaloonies on for Woodbuying Wednesday yet
WQ a m hello i knew
WQ a m hello
Now he's with the speaker phone. No, WQ a m hello
WQ a m ola
Hello yes
Hi, I don't know if you could play the
Pink your ball spot
No damn Canada stock
Oh
I know I get some good material out of him
Canada sucks. Oh, yeah, it's bad man. It's bad Canada sucks like like it's you know like it's a city
You know like it's uh like a couple of blocks Canada sucks
Florida's great Canada sucks
Freedom and say cheese
Yeah
Sgooter a Arden
If you will, a presidential favor, dirt-backed Barton.
Let him off with a small fine, a little treason.
Now, as far as I'm concerned, is it all right?
You can do what Clinton did for his buddy, Mark Rich.
But we can't wait until you're done, so I am there for you.
Must beg your Barton, you've got to give, which are li-y-a- Barton.
I could give a big crap of agent's dire-live.
I have extracted my red drip fusion on Joe Wilson and Valerie Blame.
And, uh, Robin, no back, I'm what?
They have yet to be blamed.
Ah, in case I have to bid the D.U. like Spiro Agnew,
when they appoint a special prosecutor by committee, who get me out.
Well then, you know what I'm talking about.
I may be in decent and cold-hearted, but take my advice before Horsoon parted.
Appropriate inside a hardened spest as you can, if you will, give Scooter a pardon.
Okay, or else we're going to have impeachment problems, and put another past crack down before I have another hardened.
From 32, 28 to 1 at 5, 60 W.Q. M.
So, like I said, I thought we really turned a little bit of a corner there, and now all of a sudden I realize I'm staring off into space realizing,
but I'm deluding myself.
Bob Fattrakis and Harvey Wasserman write, in a bull move to restore treacherous elections in Ohio,
Ohio's newly elected secretary of state Jennifer Brunner has requested the resignation of all four members of the Cairoga County Board of Elections.
The two Democrats and two Republicans were formally asked to resign by the close of business on March 21, which sounds like today.
Cairoga County includes the heavily democratic city of Cleveland, Brunner's a Democrat who was elected to Ohio as a secretary of state of November 2006.
felony convictions have also resolved in 18-month prison sentences for two employees of the Cairoga B.O.E. as a result of what the county prosecutor in the case calls,
the ringing of the outcome in the recount following the 2004 presidential election.
Further problems surfaced in the conduct of Cairoga County's May 2006 primary, in a wake of which Michael Hu executive director of the county's Board of Elections recently also resigned and did.
Intended in the shake up in Ohio's biggest county reflects a widening storm surrounding the outcome of the 2004 presidential election and the conduct of elections over all the nation's most pivotal state.
Among those Brunner's answer to resign is Cairoga County Board of Elections chairman Robert Bennett, who chairs Ohio as Republican party.
Bennett responded to Brunner by saying that he refused to resign. He's placed the blame for the May 2006 primary problems on private voting machine vendors, including die-bold.
Bennett claims the ringing of the 2004 presidential recount was caused by the Cairoga County prosecutors office according to Columbus Dispatch.
To make a long story short, the election was stolen. Anybody here? No. Any interest? No. No. Well, we already know that. Any anybody here give a crap? No. No.
56670560. That's why it's pointless for me to sit here and read that whole entire thing. It's pointless. Right.
Even you say that. That's right. They just don't care. What's that got to do with dancing with the stars? And this poll here looks like it's frozen. I could be wrong. Yeah, 1048.
Are we still on the air? Are we getting ready to do a Marlon game or what? One, oh, four, eight. It's been stuck there for like, I don't know.
I feel like I'm in suspended animation like very keen. Uh-huh. WDQAM. Hello. QAM. No changes. No changes. OK. Thanks, Don. That was done. That was done. I was done. I followed all the folks. Played back. That's it. That's the end of the cause. That's the end of the votes on the polls.
I think it's time to like fold up our tent and go home. That's right. I'm at home. 5. Why? It's just to show that I'm dilucery. I'm an idiot. I'm a lunatic. I'm a loser. That's a little bit of pastry dish. Yeah. Like 5 of the diluceries. Please. How can I? It's like trying to make a shakabri on out of dog droppings man out of elephant crap. You just can't do it. WDQAM. Hello.
Bring back the lighting round. WDQAM. Hello. Bring back lighting. We got a four hour lighting round for these people. The only problem is they don't know how to do it. That's the problem. We're offering you a four hour lighting round, but you're to stupid to do it. Don't know how to do it. WDQAM. Hello. Hey, I was wondering if you guys ever checked out a movie called Chumscrubber. No, what? Chumscrubber. It's about these parents in the kid that's a
lot of people. I don't really seem to get a well in reality. I'd get the cameras in my house. Yeah, they don't belong with reality. I'm starting to relate to that right now, man. We got a new reality. I have no idea what's going on. I have like an out of body experience. I'm going to go out and lay on the patio here for a few minutes during the next hour. WDQAM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I said a question for you. You can hear both spots. WDQAM. Hello.
WDQAM. Hello. I fell as great show. How's it going? Okay. So I just got back to a list of the radio. Did you resolve that? Because I think you guys had a late night recording of the early show, something like a triple cast or something that I was asking about before. Then we resolve what? You know, the guy said that you played recording of the show later. But what does that mean? Did we resolve it? Like there was some kind of a dilemma going on?
What does that mean? I don't know about it a little, but I just wanted to find out if you guys clarified that. Clarify this. Yeah, exactly.
Smoky. See, now we're starting to cook a little bit again. Somebody turned off the damn stove. Oh, I farted. Just now. Maybe that hell will that damn might do it, man. Maybe we can get enough. Maybe like sterno. You know, did you hear it? I smelled it. I'll try louder than that. No, please.
5.6.7.05.60 and 0.5.60. We were as in singular wireless line. Watch it now. We don't want any more Randy Rhodes episodes on the studio chairs. I'm a woman. I saved the chair. You know, I had to tell Chris that story. Oh, God. I'm not certain. He believes it. It's a truth. It's true. I believe it. It's a scary. It is scary. She's scary. Q.A.M. Hello.
Just what you know, Gulf Stream has the new slot opening today. The extra slots and they're awesome. WQ. A.M. Hello. I need some.
WQ. A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Steve. Nickel. Yes, speaking Steve. Steve, what's that? Your drawer there? Huh? Well, I'll never forget that thing when I came.
He slammed that door shut so fast that drawer. You thought he had some goodness drawers. WQ. A.M. Hello. Who's hot, bitch? WQ. A.M. Hello. Err, I choose. Yeah. What kind of. What was that? Is this more? Mo and L Michaels are doing a little thing. WQ. A.M. Hello. Hi, Neil. Jim. Boatie. Go. Venda. How are you?
Jim? What? Jim? Boatie. Go. Venda. Yeah. What do you think? I'm in. Alright, listen.
Now we're talking. You know, that almost almost makes me want to play. Well, I will play it because you thought I still had that in here, but I never had it until you see me that disc.
Was that the gravely? It's not rich. They want to. Okay. I think we got the limit. Get a little bit more compression. Go.
Yeah. The little empty. Him also. Grab. I got five. Hey, 75 degrees in the magic city. Hey, we're broadcasting life. Hold on a second. Let me, let me stop out of over 75 degrees in the magic city.
Heels of a great song. Oh, we already got down. Come on down with it. We're going to get down to that. We're going to dread. Grouply. It's the right time. What the hell about talking about?
Yeah, you better check with Eric, man, because we still got a thousand 48 votes on the poll. There's something really something really stinks in here, man. Oh, I must have been what you did before. Hey, I got a lot of. I'm serious. I'm not joking. A thousand 48. How is that possible? We went nine minutes without another vote on the poll.
And everything seems to be like all frozen up like we're in the North Pole.
Get Ricky a blow.
And our life from Rachel seven. It's the neo-Hudger show.
I like to appear on the song for the party. The deal time likely about a good pie thing.
Well, we're the guys. Oh, I don't think I'll be this is my favorite. I love the way that I'm being ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since. The dog got by and died. I know. I know. I had to with some party. Gregory.
Yeah, but then I didn't go much advancing. Of course it's not easy flying back there from Rachel seven. I know. Thank God.
I'm here. It's all over for you. Push left stuck on earth. Yes, it didn't know well. Well, if you're lucky that crack head is the last bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line? Don't we?
Mr. Rogers speaking. I was in the public.
So galactica today.
Sir and let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper under shaving.
I discovered to my son. I know. It's not too for 99 cents on the contrary.
Got them all. Two break stones for 99 cents. Now I don't know about you. That's right.
I tried to pedal me two break stones for the price of two break stones cottage cheese when the coupon clearly stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails. Now who's this line? Seven and nine?
Klingon penal colony. Hello. I forgot internet.
Green tires.
No. Okay. And that note. You know, I got a ring. Of course you hate my contract. How about a one minute show? Huh?
You can fill the other three minutes. That's right. I'll count you by any next.
George. Bye.
Okay. 1246. So Christopher your online buddy there is he says down sure what is dead.
Well, obviously they're thinking of a different one. Well, that's what he said. He Wikipedia that and I try to.
There's a politician down sure went on there and it said radio. What is Jackie in whatever? Huh? Well, obviously this down sure would is using a fake name.
How do you know that? Well, I don't know. People on the radio have a fake name.
All we heard was from some broad that keeps calling and talking about Don Sherwood. That doesn't mean he's still alive. She can be say Abe Lincoln.
I got a voicemail from Don Sherwood. You did? How long ago? Like last month? Yeah.
Don. Yeah. Say what? What did he? What is he wants? What's he doing on the show? He wants to muscle in on the show.
What does that mean? Sit it on the show? What does that mean? Sit it on the show? I want to sit in a chair. He wants to be your sidekick.
Yeah, kick this. Okay. Back down. Anthony says your biggest fan. Anthony who has facts before and whatever.
How about putting Paraseltan onto this pool? No. Anthony says I think it would be a lot of fun to be here.
Well, how much dressing up like her Anthony and see what everybody says and get a needle nose like her.
So Anthony or biggest fan? Hey, Anthony, get some help before it's too late.
So we did get a big chunk of votes given on the pool in between something happened.
In 2016, when maybe Eric pulled the maybe he had the freeze on that thing. You know?
Remember Mr. Freeze? George Rodriguez has got two votes now. They want you, man. WDQA and Hello.
Yeah, you get time for a real ball or? Well, well try and score it. And if we ever get one.
You know, I'm not the kind of person who wishes other people to die. But when Dick Cheney went to the hospital yesterday,
I said, I don't you wish that he would just croak right away. Yes.
I hate to say it. But with that, I'm going to say you hate to say you don't hate to say it.
That's not a super expression. I hate to say this, but you know, you don't hate to say it.
Well, we need to get rid of him first. Okay. WQ. Why am hello?
Hi, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, man? Listen.
I'm saying, but I got to tell you boy, these I figured I'm just a yellow guy. I figured I'd call in and try to say something instead of making a stupid sound.
Yeah. Well, let's hear it. Well, listen, I wanted to tell you I really less not. I really felt like that girl that was crying at American Idol
because I happened to be watching it. And it made me feel just like her in a sense that my God, I'm stuck in this country and in this city.
You know, I'll listen in closing. WQ a M Hello. WQ a M Hello.
Hi, I wasn't that good. Was it? No, not really very thick. Some of you got choked up in a middle of it.
Hi, I'm Alex. You're going to do it. Learn how to do it right. Schmuck. WQ a M Hello.
Hey, where are you? Jack's back when you go to woodbine. Yes, I would. I go ahead.
I'm going to go ahead. Need all the support I get. Puse. Awesome.
WQ a M Hello. Oh, Barack Obama. My home and native life.
WQ a M Hello. I love to say this. George is good. WQ a M Hello.
Yes, I got one for the bowl. Yes, Chuck Norris.
And Chuck play the I saw you on the goes of Latina too.
Sure, no problem.
1771 votes on the poll. We got something leaked. We got a list. Whatever. Whatever we get we get.
You know, and that's where I look at it. So don't sure what the courted Christopher is dead.
You better, better we check your info there, Chris.
And don't be sending all hookers by to try to, you know, mess up George's life, either while you're at it.
Is that what you said before? No. You said send it right over. That's what I said. WQ a M Hello.
Yeah, we want to thank Michael Jackson for finding that lost voice got forced. WQ a M Hello.
Hi, I know for a Michael Jackson would have touched the even with his bad taste. He wouldn't have touched that kid. Q a M Hello.
Hey, what's up, Uncle Neil? Yes, sir. I tell you, I've heard a lot of Neil Rogers shows, but today the back there is like through the roof, man. Yeah.
Well, let me give you one for the poll and make a quick comment if I could go right ahead. I'll put Peter North for the poll.
OK. And this thing that you did a poll about the morning show the other day. Remember about Kenny and whoever can you smoke in the morning show? Yeah.
Yeah. You know, when Mo left, I thought about that. I said, do do do do do do. Yeah. You know what?
As much as he's the fifth me off at times, I enjoy the show pretty much. You know, and and after that.
It's like 10 to 2 and I'm gone. And I'm not anti sports. I like the mags all getting everything. But just, you know, the love best between him and Captain Curtis. That's borderline.
Really? Oh, Captain. Oh, Captain. 28 year old. You know, I said, go to Captain.
You know, back in four. It's borderline. Yeah. Well, thank God there's nothing. Yeah. I'm sure I'll tell you that. Well, you know what?
And then and then to find out that he was a bush flicker. I know I shouldn't let politics, you know, I'm influenced and opinion like that.
But I knew that comedy throughout like a few months ago. Well, did you see the president in the speech? She did a really good job. Yeah.
So let me ask you this. How long you and Stugas been sleeping together?
Stugas. WDQ way M. Hello. WDQ way M. Hello. Hey, Neil. This is the maintenance man from Westland Mall, J.C. Pan.
WDQ way M. Hello. Sam Rosen. Got a nose hockey. Amen. Sam Rosen could be the obvious man in the history of mankind. He really could be a good
man. And now he can actually say something that JD is out of there. Goodbye JD. Go away JD. How about those leaves, baby? Let's do some hockey talk. That'll whip these people up into a frenzy. That'll give us down to a nice point. 001 share.
1775 votes. We got 1100. So what's not to like? I got my pants on. I got my shirt during this next break. I'm going to put on my shoes. I got the pantaloons and ready to get off the woodbind and plunge my guts. WDQ way M. Hello.
Hey, Neil Rogers. Who's in Joe? How you doing, buddy? Okay, Joe. Hey, I got a joke for you. Well, we don't do jokes, Joe, especially with a bad New York accent. We don't do jokes, Joe. WDQ way M. Hello.
You killed trying to do it with that dog. Who didn't you? Yes, I did. And I put his head in the box and sending it to your house. WQ a M. Hello.
Do you like it? WQ a M. Hello. Neil before you go, can you just say freeze major Miami vice president? Can't do it. Can't do it, Sally. WQ a M. Hello.
Q way M. Hello. You get a line. I get a phone. The old WQ a M. Hello. One for the poll. We're on regional side.
Okay. It's your crowd, man. Yeah, yeah, blame me. Yeah, I do blame you. Thousand. What we got in 1063. Yeah, all of a sudden they like came to a halt there for an hour.
What was that a technical thing was that we find out or what? He said we ran out of space. Oh, I see. I knew it wasn't just me.
I wasn't just sitting here hyperventilating about nothing. We ran out of space. Well, what with all the zombies? I mean, he's going to be sending me another big bill in the mail for more space on there. Is that what it is?
No, it's for more bandwidth. Like on my 31st anniversary, I opened up my my hot mail. What do I get or my whatever it was? My Yahoo. And here's a email from Eric not saying, hey, congratulations old man. Happy 31st anniversary. Here's a bill for February for the bandwidth for whatever this crap is. Yeah, you didn't say that.
But that's okay. I'm respected for him because he's in Orlando. Yeah, he's got issues.
1083 on a poll. We got 1100. In fact, we probably got to go on for 12, but I'm not going to do it too much pressure today. Don't forget NADDog coming up at 2. No ballgame today, but tomorrow 1250. Marlins at the Cardinals. And we got all this around golf stuff coming up this week. That should really put us over the time.
This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the ones at 2 hour.
Woohoo!
Yep. Yep.
Three gold at the time my brain is wet. I'm what they call the 29%.
Now there's push and then a stranger knows what it was.
There's police and everything I see about the news is I still I believe you know me when you silly.
I know me the magnet on my ass.
You think I support the truth better than let me that China yellow like that on my
awat, pictures that get across midnight and you have to find me in the
your
Oh, To prove or treat or ship in That's alright by the-
A lol, they can't come And if the red it goes
Last hour horror, exactly.
And a yellow magnetic And I'll mine his
Mine is new reading
Oh, nitrogen,
My parents we only sold the sometime when their wound
T Granny of evil
So you just arranged me for his chickens
And, Dim, all mine was placed on the wooden regular
5-6-7-0-5-60.
We got one in 5-6.
We got two in the other.
I'm ready like that.
I just went of our technical to people who are here.
And despite the fact we ran out of space or whatever the story is, he's peddling now.
Does nobody's peddling?
Space.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
We got an hour to kill.
See, I think that we ought to have the ball games every day.
These people talking about tapes.
Let's play tapes of yesterday's ball game.
We kind of had the pregame show staring 11 minutes ago.
I could be already a third of the way to Woodbine for Christ's sakes.
I could be on the way to lose my ass today.
5-6-7-0-5-60.
See, that was a great format we had Monday for however long we were on.
A couple of hours in it yesterday.
We managed to squeeze.
It took a little bit of an incredible amount of kick into the pantaloonies and stuff like that.
And then today it's like, oh geez, we can't do this.
They don't look.
They ain't got it, okay?
You cannot take 400 pounds of chicken droppings and turn it into a freaking sauce-verage steak.
You can't do it.
And that's south Florida, man.
I'm ready to take the whole phone like I did on a Toyota in Monday.
Take the whole Aspirators and take it on the balcony as long as I don't hurt anybody.
And just drop it over the edge.
I have some guy downstairs like the cons.
He airs for something.
Yeah.
Keep the street clear.
Maybe put some cones up.
That's a good idea.
Just take all anything he has to do with his phone and just dump it over the edge.
And have him hold the microphone down there too so we can hear the crash.
WQAM.
Hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, I want to ask you something.
What do my calls, it says you would boss Vegas yesterday?
You said what?
I said what?
I said you would boss Vegas.
You call yesterday?
Yeah.
And you call them if you're here.
It doesn't get along with you guys.
Rikies?
No, that's one that brings you guys to your guys' breakfast.
Char-hut.
Char-hut.
The reason why they're not going to be speaking to you people anymore.
You got poorly in the back and they fear poorly.
They fear what it's going to do to their bottom line.
Portally?
That's the truth.
Yeah, that's the big point.
Rotundo in the back.
That's the guy.
Oh, is that it?
He's not in the back.
He's in the front.
Right.
He's in the front.
You like it like that?
WQAM, how?
It makes it easier to maneuver.
QAM.
I have a question for George.
Yes.
George.
Right here, man.
Who?
Lily Allen, I am your wine her.
Who?
Lily Allen, I am your wine her.
It's the same.
It's from London.
I don't know who they are.
Lily Allen, how's that?
Because that's one I've heard of.
That's the one you heard of?
You haven't heard of Amy Wine her?
No.
She's good, Jeff.
She sounds like Erica Biden.
Okay, boring.
Boring, boring.
WQAM, hello.
No, don't listen to other people.
You're awesome.
However, Canada sucks.
Okay, thank you.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
Why don't you let you guys know?
I'm not going to be because of this wireless car that you have on the end for your laptop.
I'm able to listen to you.
You have to be in a random way, sir.
Keep up the good work.
Keep up the good work.
Oh my god.
This is really something.
It's a fly opener if it's anything.
Love it.
105 votes on the pool.
If I could be somebody else for one day, I would be Hugh Hefner, 301.
All they know, Hugh Hefner, Hugh Hefner, Hugh Hefner.
Look at all the broads he did.
Yeah, again, he's 145 years old, okay?
He's probably got a bag.
They probably got, you know, keeping him alive with tubes in his nose.
301.
I got to be me, 256.
And of course, listening to these people on the phone, it's obvious why.
Tiger Woods 125.
Because he's got that hot blind wife.
I hate this pool.
88.
It keeps going up 7.9%.
I don't blame you.
Howard Stern 40, 70, or just 46.
I'm writing how he's asked.
Bill Clinton 46.
George W. 45.
Tom Brady 39.
Tommy's climbing the ladder fast.
Anybody but who I am 33.
Bill Gates 19.
Wayne Heisinga 18.
Hillary Clinton at 9.
Nine guys want to be Hillary.
They want to be that macho, that butcher.
George Rodriguez, look at that.
You're all way up to 8.
You're writing a Hillary's house.
Maybe they want to work with you.
You pass Paul Allen like he was sitting out in a prone position, 7 for Paul Allen.
Shaquille O'Neill, Shaq's got 6.
Brady Quinn 5, Ron Jeremy 4, Vanessa Perredease 4, and Peter North, the old straight shooter 3.
Or a problem with that is Peter District 145.
He can still bring it though.
He can still bring it if he catch my drift.
Love 115 votes.
He can still bring it and he can still send it.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, I would really love to see the one I ever do to you guys.
Yeah.
Put that on your list.
Because what did I ever do to you?
WQAM, hello.
Oh, yes.
Neil.
Yeah.
Do you have a list of WSDR?
Or what?
NPR?
No.
Because they have an interview with the lay on yesterday that would make your choice.
Sure.
I don't want to hear about Tom Delay.
I don't want to hear that he was on yesterday morning on the day of the show.
I don't want to hear that he was on the meet the press with Tim Russell.
I don't care about Tom Delay.
Get it through your brain, OK?
I don't freaking care.
The fact that they keep bringing this criminal and sticking on the air all over the place.
And you people keep the law.
Listen to it.
What is wrong with you?
I don't think we're ever going to discuss politics on the show again.
I think since we're making up all these new rules this week for everything, for every part of my life,
let's make up that one too.
No more.
Until at least the turn of the year.
Until we have an election coming.
Till there's something we're talking about.
All these great political experts out there, they had Tom Delay on NPR.
And this one really ripped him an ass about you.
And who cares?
That's like saying that they brought 400 pounds of elephant crap on it.
And put it on the table.
I said it smelled bad.
Wow.
Even in the Bible they never had revelations like that, baby.
Man.
Is that heavy duty or what?
That's duty.
WDQA and Hello.
God these colors suck.
WDQA and Hello.
WDQA and Hola.
Check yourself out.
WDQA and Hello.
How's it going, Del?
Great.
First and world over here painting in Fort Lauderdale.
On the end of the course, the next door, it's Al Goldstein's All-Powse.
How does it remove the middle finger?
Yeah.
And I don't know what happened to Al.
He's not here.
Yeah.
He lost everything, man.
Oh, that's too bad.
All right.
Good show, Neil.
Thank you.
Okay, sir.
Okay, good luck.
Bad call, good show.
Poor Al, man.
That's what we, let's get Al on here and see if he can like, go to a slander of few people.
I hate the irony.
There you go.
New.
Yeah.
This is your all-powerful and friendly vice president.
See, he, one ton of most good thing.
I'm too, give you a better understanding here.
I have to lead people, haven't I?
I have a, I give a spongebob for 9-11.
There's only something you do with the door, as always.
You were not lying into a water.
He was the detigling is all along.
I was a close relative to Zatamu, chained in the inshundra.
Oh, fair, boop, fair.
They called me uncle, okay.
I know, a motor responsible for the twin tower bombing in 93.
Yes, mommy.
It was I.
It was I.
It was also I who sent the ant's rats.
It was I who sunk the beach mark.
It was I who outed battery play.
Not Bob, no back-o-car road.
Yeah, nothing to do with it whatsoever.
It was all me.
It was also I who killed Shundra Levy in the blonde in a hoop.
It was I who was the mastermind behind the mannequin idol.
It was I who hired me to cross me to read the headlines despite every time I speak in bed of it.
Oh!
It was I who played saturated fads and shiko sticks.
What else can I tell you?
Okay, okay.
It was I who invented skinny jeans.
Of which no one of questionable girls can wear.
Is it my phone time of my jungle lotion?
Oh, boy, that's your torture to me.
I have been dead for three years.
I don't sure when.
And so, one sixteen and five sixty-watt QAM.
So anyhow, I ever whether you saw this, whether you have the copy that I get with the disc every week from chicken neck.
I get a copy of the disc.
I don't think you've deleted the phone.
This I got on here.
Wow.
When does the star spin?
Crime sheeners, man.
No, don't think I got that.
Oh!
Oh, right!
Wow, that's rich and cool.
Oh!
I might wet myself.
Crime sheeners, man.
Oh, yeah, here it comes.
Huh?
Oh, boy, that's peaceful.
I can't wait.
Oh, boy.
And never would we look at one another.
I thought you were a child.
I thought you were a child.
You were a child.
I thought you were a child.
And all the bad things I've done in history.
All the wrongs may only be where I know.
Where you've got time to wish to make it all.
Let's go.
Oh!
This is the first time I've ever shown you.
And darling, you've been sharing all this with me.
Let me tell you now.
When I was a child, I thought I'd wait.
And I was a child.
And I was a child.
Oh!
Like a religious experience.
Great.
When that incredible, I like it.
It had kind of a cow-soul's flavor to it, which I like.
The cow-piles?
Yeah.
You know, no.
Crime sheeners.
It really is a crime sheeners.
She had two big hits up on her roof and it could be where I love.
Which if he has the other one, it could be where I love.
I may just have an accident on the floor right in the room.
Oh, yeah.
In the studio, huh?
We'll find it for you.
Wow.
When that piece of something would happen, you'll revelation me before they stick my fat old ass in the ground.
113 downloads on the pool.
We would have had a shot at 1200 if we would have pushed it today.
I'm just one of those guys now.
I'm just kind of like looking outside, thinking about going to the patio, putting one leg over the edge.
Oh!
Cut the crap.
You got money to lose today.
You can't do that.
Yeah, like I said.
WNQAM, hello.
George Bush is hit, Laura.
WNQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
How's it going?
Great.
I can tell you why I will be George Bush.
So they could put honey and bird seeds in my wrap.
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
It seems to me I could be wrong, but I love you guys.
We've had a real obsession with that.
Let them ask.
You know what I'm saying?
Let them ask.
That's all you know from it.
Let them ask.
Let them session.
Get over it, okay?
Come off with something a little bit new and more original.
Instead of using my old tried and true material from 100 to last 100 years.
Let them help.
It damn, they're killing them.
That's right.
It's Lewis Knowsworth's hat.
Let them.
WNQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you know that the drummer for the crying chains had a hook?
You had a what?
He had a hook for an arm.
He had a hook?
Yeah.
The drummer.
The drummer.
I've got to play drums with a hook.
Very well.
Yeah, it sounded pretty good to me.
He's got a very prominent there.
Okay, well, good old Captain Hook.
Sit out in there.
There's a little crying chain in Stryvia.
Now we're making some real progress, baby.
Now we're really kicking ass ancient style.
The drummer for the crying chains had a hook.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, are you still thinking of Carl?
Yeah.
You got one?
Yes.
Okay.
Just checking.
WNQAM, hello.
And you know, what's your take on that whole time delay thing?
Yeah.
Back to him.
That's my take.
WNQAM, hello.
I catch myself.
WNQAM, hello.
Taste like a nickel to me.
WNQAM, hello.
I woke up with cancer this morning.
WNQAM, that's definitely your buddy, your boyfriend.
Doing David Cassidy stuff.
QAM, hello.
Hey, I want to the bar.
Wow.
Yes, sir.
Sidney Crosby.
He's ugly, man.
You okay?
What a hockey player.
Yeah, okay.
Sidney Crosby, put him on there.
Okay, Sidney Crosby.
Sidney Crosby.
What's the big red hockey player this guy?
Oh, I'm sure he's got millions of dollars.
And he's getting whatever the hell he wants, you know?
When you're a big job like that, no matter how grotesque your schnauzes
is, what you look like, he's getting all he can handle, baby.
Make no mistake about that.
He shoots, he scores, you know what I'm saying?
It's my drift.
1143 votes on the pole.
The end of the thing we got that Marlon again tomorrow.
Well, I'm going to need to be brief tomorrow.
I'm going to have to try to put the pieces of my brains back together again.
WNQAM, hello.
Where's Pete?
He's from Pepper Pine, center.
WNQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Cut a call for Neil.
Let me say it again.
This is Neil, sir.
That's fine, Neil.
That was quick.
What's the question?
Why don't you keep pushing the button on that rectum bit that he pushes?
He's getting kind of trite.
That he pushes?
Yeah, obviously when he says rectum.
Well, who's he?
Wait a minute, who's he?
Your colleague, yes, he is in the Miami end.
He's not pushing any button.
I'm doing it right here.
He don't push any buttons, okay?
He's putting the button on your dumb call.
Why does he keep pushing the button?
He's blaming you for that.
It's getting kind of stale as what he says.
Well, maybe if you do a little cleansing, you might help.
I've got a bidet.
Yeah, there you go.
Little body wars couldn't hurt.
There are two QAAM, hello.
Yeah, two thumbs up for that saw, Neil.
When you like that?
Excellent.
There you go, excellent.
This guy actually liked.
Usually when I play music, which I try to avoid, like to play,
and I wasn't doing it to kill time, it's just that he put it on the visc.
And I was just so overwhelmed by the fact he put it on there.
Overwhelmed, emotional, like almost in tears, almost.
Do you think it's that good?
I liked it.
I liked it a lot.
Well, thank God I've never heard it since maybe then.
Since you were up on the roof.
Right.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, I knew it.
Since the roofer is around the roof.
Yes, sir.
Well, I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
Yeah, huh?
WQA, hello.
Don't mind me.
I'm just pooping.
WQA, hello.
Yeah, when I called you earlier today and asked you to play that bidet.
You called me earlier today?
About the automobile thing.
You're calling again a second time today.
What do you try to tell us, sir?
I have no luck.
You asked me why I didn't say hello, Neil and all that.
Right.
Well, everybody else said that he why should I?
Because it's a common courtesy.
When you pick up the phone and you call somebody, you say hello, Schmengrick.
Hello, Schmengrick.
In your case, look in the mirror.
You'll see Schmengrick, okay?
You'll see Schmengrick, Schlemazel, Schmengeggi, Schmuck, all of these things.
All of these things.
That's what you'll see.
Call me earlier today.
This is the software model, baby.
I have no luck.
Get yourself a t-shirt.
I have no luck.
Run around.
Get a sandwich board.
I have no luck.
WQA, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Hey, listen.
What does Hank Olberg, does he, the biggest name-dropper we know?
I'm going to calm up and ask him.
It's a really good idea.
Calm up and find out.
WQA, hello.
You know who I am?
I'm no green.
I made my balls with you.
WQA, hello.
QA, hello.
WQA, hello.
Boy, not good.
WQA, hello.
I like that one.
WQA, hello.
I just tell me what you want.
WQA, hello.
Neil, got George.
Yes, sir.
I think we're going to fix line one, by the way.
No.
We're going to need one more line.
QA, hello.
I am, Leo.
WQA, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
I don't want to say anything against me!
I can't say what he's doing.
But it feels like he has done it.
Reagan actually arrested a kinds of experts for the
I was not dealing with God.
I was just trying to fix it.
Man, for evil.
Are you taking my habbitises away?
Hmm, I'll think.
I'll take my otter's easy.
ennial downgrowings.
He's like a traitor!
He's a traitor!
When did this come?
When did I come?
rob of skeletal women by the pool. They like my nice back. I got to play in Strip
Marjot. But I want to tell you, these boys look like my true orfantraig. Boy, I
stoked on it, huh? But you wish I had me back. Well, not had your life. No chance. You'll
have a semi in that smelly dump again. See? Well, yeah, maybe.
Love a 32. By the way, have a nice day, Mo. You know, he's listening right now. They're
blood, okay, or not. Mo is the case, maybe. Whatever makes you happy. Whatever makes you
miserable and unhappy. And those around you, love 158 votes on the pool. We need, you
know, we could still do it. What do you think, Chris? People really want to be nice. We
can do it. Nice. Yeah, that would be nice. I think tonight, I guess, I don't know.
Depends on how long I stay with mine. How much I lose. I was going to say we're going
to watch Borat. The one is actually, I can watch with English. And what's the difference
between this one you sent me now? Because they have one like Portuguese subtitle or something?
Yeah, something. This one has the real deal DVD English subtitles, which is about half
the jokes are actually subtitled. And it's great. And also like all the scenes that didn't
make it into the theater version because of length, you know how that goes. Yeah.
Bing bang bang bang bang. Bing bang. Bing bang bang.
Bing bang bang.
Very nice. Very nice. So I'm going to watch it because that thing kind of threw me any
way we need 42 votes in 27 minutes. That's less than two a minute to get to 1200. But
I think this thing is frozen again. I'm just starting to get a little bit suspicious.
is Eric I think is dibbling with us today you know. Don't you it's still stuck
there 11.58 I keep refreshing it I know we got a shot and it's still every time I
refresh it it still stays there so maybe nobody is listening you think that's
possible we have had 21 drop out. 11.59 what 11.59 we have had 21 drop outs on
our on our thing I'm gonna send our my space one of my phone oh we got a few
drop outs on our my space make no mistake about that and you know I never
checked I double-checked a see if Christopher did his research and
rechecked it on sure what thing and he never followed up on it you know all you
wanted to do is give me to play a old needle again which I didn't and that was
the end of that you know I'm easy I'm easy Chris 1160 votes they're coming in
by the ones say we're gonna need 40 votes in 26 minutes and I do the math as
they say and that's another one we should add on a pull-ass right to do the math
right I mentioned it but I don't think we ever put it on there that is so
freaking annoying 11.61 they're just trickling in by the ones I think we better go
back to the bedtime story starting tomorrow I think I chased the entire
audience and when I think the audience chased the audience away here's a
facts while we're waiting for the votes to pour up and you'll see there I'll
click on one of these times and be a big chunk they'll come through for us you'll
see 11.63 see there's two there's a pair oh what a pair here's a note from
Frank and Melbourne he says a note on Judge Larry Court of the Pottsmoker we
talked about that story yesterday I had a family location from a court a few
years ago my ex had taken our child out of state to find a court order not to do
so I managed to find who we get her served she and her new hubby show up he's a
rich eye doctor that holds surgical patients my argument was to have the court
take the child from the ex-dude who are having fled the state and not allowing
visitation according to Florida case law court a should of switch custody
instead after a morning of arguing courted a Claire's a lunchtime break we all
leave but the judges an hour late he claimed to have had a flat tire but the
ex-new husband were gone the judge told me let him go for a funeral the result
was they and my child let the court's jurisdiction and even if court had ruled
for me my daughter was gone took a bribe had a flat had a talk who knows justice
forget about it says Frank he says yes I'm gonna turn you this new show every day
thank you Frank and Melbourne and I'm so sorry that you know Judge Court had a
lot of smoke a big fat one or whatever he was doing how do you like that huh
don't freaking judge court hang his hands I'm seriously different never wanna
be this a different man forget don't do as I do do as I say that's the American
effing way that's what they're that's what everybody tells you don't do as I do
do as I say they talk you like all of religious freaks give you a big strong
advance and they're all doing anything if it's still warm they're doing it if
it's a warm blow-up dollar doing it even if it's lukewarm or if it's like
luke and Matthew 1171 we need 29 votes in 24 minutes that's barely over one
minute now don't you think a high-priced legendary show like this ought to be
able to do that okay but it's just I keep refreshing and ordinarily there's
you know here for more here 1172 they're coming by the ones they're coming
by the ones man this is not good do I sound like I'm getting agitated I'm
getting ready for woodboss I'm gonna go there's a grass fire in Miami and
CNN's gonna have the details and they got Tony Stowe and Larry very
portable tell you what kind of stuff for the regular thing I love you and we
baby I don't know who the hell knows some crap let me take a look at it again
okay let me just take a peek 1172 see nothing has happened on there I think I
think we're you can save the juice on the transmitter we're talking to
ourselves either that or Eric is a didliner and then all of a sudden he'll open
the thing up again there'd be like 240 at the end we need 28 votes in 23
minutes on this show that should be a no-brainer to get to our twelve hundred
to get to our goal to make us feel good about this show is in spread of these
calls it's spread of these re-mouth breathing idiots 1173 see I'm thinking
mix and match that's what I'm gonna have to do I'm gonna have to go back to
mix and match mix and match mix and match like they say at the paint factory
mix and match baby let's mix up a batch W.Q.A.M. hello
Hey Neil could you play that African American absolutely not whatever it is
we're not playing it there's another guy does he say hello does he say hey
Neil how's it going A does he extend the gland or a hand of friendship nothing
could you do the can you do this for me can you play this for me yeah how about
playing dead how's that's out there can you play dead for us because I have no
life yeah we know that I think I'm gonna win anything gonna have a me a good
day all the all-cycle price of chicken for you good now Nilla chicken
and Mrs. outside the studio door can't hurt can only smell better W.Q.A.M.
hello Neil you're all casting the century village you're boring just show it W.Q.A.M.
hello hello is this the host yeah this is the host are you the wafer the host
yeah he's doing a bad feel hungry yeah like intensely that's about to be clever
hip and cool and hip because as an elephant's final Roger
God she's on headlight news
Mercy Grace interviews the notorious Easter Bunny one on one
so you take eggs color them using God knows what and
hide them yeah kids love Easter egg hunt all really you think exploiting children
is fun you just hit by the hot damn the bunny trial while millions of children are
victimized sir how do you sleep at night
Nancy Grace at her bunny badgering best the last time I checked
bunny don't lay eggs I can only imagine the sick perverted things that you do to
those poor chicken you know there's going to be a rabbit foot dangling from
Nancy Grace's key chain after this interview tonight on headlight news
more than a bunny rabbit 144 16 go through it five 60 W.Q.A.M.
it's almost that time baby it's almost Easter and pace off all right get out
the still master from last year I bought it wholesale and get out some
frame and get filled the fish and pay said he can these it's time for the
bubble my sees baby all the religious Easter it's all the stuff so anyway let's
see I got two of things here better they haven't any well Chris says that that's
all he was able to find that I'm sure would think which he sent me some
link which I don't have time to do around with because I got my shoes on now my
pantaloonies I got my woodbine winning shirt I hope it says I think George is
right somebody's using done sure would name to try to muscle in on a show or
maybe the guy that the insane asylum heavier number you sure wouldn't believe
that not today guys at the not house and also I'm supposed to explain for my
other buddy on here what not on the year but what a grasser is I'm not going to
tell that whole story I'll send it to him but a grasser I mean is that just a
name I made up or was it something we just did a Michigan stator they have
that everywhere a grasser I would never heard that when you heard me tell the
story many times yeah a grasser is when a bunch of like college guys like for
there's like a place in the woods you know no matter where you live there's
always going to be some woods somewhere right well why are you like it's like
like you don't like I'm speaking a foreign language and you think a bunch of
blankets and take a carload of broads and booze and whatever goes with it the
three bees blankets booze and broads and you go out in the woods and you like
school you grasser you're grasser right you throw away your grasser you're you
answer yeah I don't answer a question I've never heard of that before you I'm an
old bag you know or young fact called it party and but that's well in college it
was a grasser that's what I call a Michigan state it was a grasser a
stretch court in health and he likes his grassers in fact I left my watch and
my grassers right out there that's I'm gonna ruin the story I don't want to tell
the whole story because I've told it a hundred times on the air but that's a
grasser is what it is and I mean I guess I do have to explain it because maybe
maybe maybe that's just a word that the kids made out how do I know you know when
you're in college your people kids make up all kinds of crap because there's
no way you're there for to be a smart ass and does not to learn anything I
didn't learn a smart thing and like I've told you a million times it's a damn
good thing that I'm trying to think if there was anybody in my I'm I for in my
dorm in each hall hall as you can see if there was any guy that really looked
even close to good and I went no they were all ugly because they would have
been pretty all though as a matter of fact they did catch a couple of guys they
yeah and my on my floor I don't remember who they were and they were ugly too
but they cut a couple of guys in the sack doing hankies thank you with each
other how do you like that or her yeah how do you like that kind of guy and of
course you know can you imagine having to to live that down afterward oh boy
wow I would have changed underwear and changed dormitories and changed schools
and changed the planets I mean that of course this is back in early in 60-61
hundred years ago I was in college and you know what a bunch of you see there's
nothing more vicious more rotten than kids as you know little kids especially
but of course college kids because they're smart asses in college you know right
oh yeah and so you've got somebody that you found out is a gay or is like well
whatever you know or likes to wear ladies underwear or whatever it is and you
catch him in the act of putting on the ladies underwear or in the act of you
know hankies spank you with each other in the dorm room while I think you know
when you think you'd lock the freaking door maybe the roommate came in you know
that's probably got to be a very unsettling sound when you hear the key in the
door oh probably if they were like in the heat of passionate in here the key
in the door that's right probably a lot of any breathing going on you know so
you don't hear that key in the door and only for doing it all and the door
squeaks open and oh no what's going on in here what are you laughing about
yeah that would be can you imagine anything more rather not well not good in
fact all these years I kind of I don't know I didn't block it out like and oh
we got 1194 we're gonna make our 1200 votes let's hear it all right this is
almost like a crazy but we can go Monday we can go well whenever the hell it was
remember that day when we got 1500 and some votes during the show back when we
still had an audience remember that but when you come right down to it I mean
what's the big deal of 90 we don't even have the 1200 yet so that was a
premature evaluation but but up until I started telling the story about the
grasser in fact I'm flicking this and it's still up 94 that would be pretty
embarrassing if we don't get the other six votes so some of you who voted me
for please do it again to make sure we get it because otherwise I would have
gone through all that effort to play all it's still a 94 I think Eric is got
his foot on a break this is a very spastic day here on this
internet you know 1195 now there's one oh the big news on CNN grassfire in
Miami oh my God I showed W Channel 7 WSVN now the rest of the world can
understand how depressing it is to live in Miami grassfire I wonder where the
hell it is they're having a grasser and it got out of there were having a
grasser and it got out of hand so to speak this not what you generally hope for
to grasser that it gets out of hand now look at this this is quite a story
speaker of Florida that somebody just facts in thank you so much police arrested
a 21-year-old bokeh woman for impersonating a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office
deputy and conducting a traffic stop complete with handcuffing a victim of a
four p.m. yesterday in the three thousand block of Clint Moore Road who the hell
is Clint Moore anyway I remember Clayton Moore he was the lone stranger computer
designer Rachel Rachel Otto dressed in an army camouflage allegedly had
victim Michael Michael Allen 20 cuffed on the floor because he cut her off
according to the rest report I should find a Moil a cut me at birth and he cut
me off big time bastard she initially told police she was a PBS O deputy when
police asked for her ID she removed the handcuffs from Ellen walk back to her
2000 BMW she said she was making a citizens arrest for road rage and started
naming people she knew in the Palm Beach SO Sheriff's Orifice
Melon said he was heading eastbound in the four thousand block of Clint Moore Road when
two cars were speeding up behind him a BMW and a Honda Melon said he thought Otto was
a male and saw her put on a utility belt that police said had mason handcuffs and walked
over to a masking freeze driver's license of registration Melon left and the two cars
chasing an Otto point at Mason according to the police Melon was boxed in and pulled
over just like Donnie Brainer there you'll never box him in his four he's 15 lanes
wide on the outside he's at the outside fence you'll never dox a boxed
Donnie and Melon was boxed and pulled over Otto then cuffed him police said
vocal police pulled over when they saw the scene arrested her the driver of the
Honda Philip Crasman it's told police he thought I was a deputy who was helping out
Otto is the granddaughter of NASCAR co-founder Edgar Otto how do you like that
oh boy now they now the plot thickens you know just like the just like the
piece of it's getting really thick
trouble one we did it I'm not gonna I'm not gonna by the way we do stop hitting
them buttons in it that I was right don't that old that old dial that old that
was George that was George's rectum not mine that was mine that's like
gay or not gay you know we could have our own really nifty segment on the show
and really probably get at least maybe a point three share yeah Neil or George
maybe I do I'm waiting oh there you go I think I screwed up oh I never do that
well I'm as far as it's time for a long time yeah I never I beg your pardon for a
long time you haven't screwed up in a long time oh I see you know remember when
the last time was I don't I'm under 12 votes on the poll let's hear it is this
from Neil or George oh who's boy or I thought we were gonna do that
them or there you go who's who's who's asses on first yours is a little
bassier I think yeah a little more pimply tune that's from the advanced age
you know what it'd be all that's that's another thing things like sprout up on
your forehead and like on the side of your just all of my glasses they they
crop up yeah they do like that yeah like that to the strange thing 1212 votes on
the full we got to our 12 and thank you so very much so anybody much and you
have to they want to be they want to be a hundred years old and have lots of
good memories I guess is that what that's all about oh yeah or something like
that
so
although he certainly more entitled to all the time
deck
50
Don't go fool, that free card it's him which
Don't go fool, my TV
He's President of the Sh**tirl, Republican bussel in
And in Archive and Idiot, I don't know why
They want this Y'all but not easy
First person to beg for you
Oh, President of the Sh**tirl
First I got you, dude
Oh, what I get to go both ones more
And get me we all voted more
Why?
Yeah, you want this?
Don't go fool, this drumming stupid me
Don't go fool, I'm this drunk and rich kid
Don't go fool, he's even younger than me
He's President of the Sh**tirl, I'm a God of hell
I'm a God of hell, I'm a God of hell
He knows what's best for you and I have a hell of no fear
We've got a great leader here with President of the Sh**tirl
Let's go Sh**t
Oh, President of the Sh**tirl
Let's go Sh**t
Bye bye bye
