I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Whoah! Where is the love of my don't get no problems about shit?
That's when you go, doing, doing!
You're doing!
You gotta drive fast, it's like a new self-motion!
No, thanks for not doing it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it!
Do it, do it, do it!
That's a lot, that's a lot!
Do it, do it, do it, do it!
Do it, do it, do it, do it!
What a lot, what a lot!
My don't know that the sense of you can't do it!
That's when you go, doing, doing!
That's when the body of a kid's a mess too!
Do it, do it, do it!
Wow!
Oh, so, so, so, so, so!
Do it, do it, do it, do it!
That's a lot!
Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look!
Well, let me ask you two questions.
Never one, how come I almost never played that damn bit?
How come?
I don't know.
And number two, do you like it?
Yeah, but then I like it a lot.
I like it very much.
You gotta remind me to play that Go Doi Doi is what that's called.
Or go do Doi Doi Doi, you can do several doyes if you like.
And then of course on top of your head if you want to be a schmouted,
you can put a Doi Lee.
Oh, hello Doi Lee, remember that?
In fact, they would have been cute on most head,
so that nasty looking piece that you first need to finally toss.
No, I didn't realize in the beginning that he had a whole bunch of different pieces.
He had a shirt.
They go to church, they go to meet and raise, they go to meet and they go every day.
He won, right?
The other day he must have read that one.
The other one?
Which one?
The athletic one, you know, the one that stays on firm.
What do I look like?
Joe Rose's old Josh Strat.
You know that, right?
You know that, right?
I heard him outplayed a mean chin ball, that's what I heard.
President Clinton's stepfather dies at 91.
Richard Kelly.
President Clinton's stepfather.
Oh.
Why do you say it with such disrespect?
What is wrong with you?
Give the crap about that guy.
You know, I never heard of him.
Well, then.
Chris, I've actually never heard of me there, did you?
Nope.
Richard Kelly's stepfather, a former president, Bill Clinton died yesterday.
His home he was 91, which is sure old enough.
That's my goal, man.
I'm going to make it to 91.
I have to say.
What?
I think I'll make it to 101.
Get on here.
You know, I want to make it to 91, because my parents both lived to like my mother 91 and my father 90 plus, almost 91.
Well, you know what's going on with that, right?
What's that?
Only the good dying.
Well, you talk about a shot.
Isn't it bad enough I got to read the results from yesterday's poll here and I meant it isn't that enough of a shot?
Do I have to keep taking all the shots all the time?
You know, we may bring in Dr. Fred shots on to be the guest on here.
Remember Dr. Shots, he was the sex doctor.
That's what you told me.
Oh, boy.
Kelly, every parent salesman had been in declining health in recent weeks and the former president visited him just on Monday.
And they died on Wednesday.
Maybe it wasn't such a good visit.
Kitty Coons, a caregiver who went to the phone at Kelly's home Wednesday, he said Kelly died about 5.45 pm.
He had cancer, said two sources close to the Clinton family, who spoke on Commissioner Van and it made because of the sensitivity of the matter.
Why is that sensitive?
I mean, I don't think that makes sense to me.
Everybody's always anonymous.
Kelly ran a food brokerage business for many years in Liverpool, before retiring in 92.
He met Clinton's mother at a horse racing track and they married in 82.
It was their second marriage in her fourth.
Oh.
And anyway, there you go.
So they arrested these guys over that stupid ad campaign.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Remember the circuit boards that they found in Boston?
No.
Okay.
I'll have to get that story.
That's all anybody talking about down here?
Really?
What are you out of the country or something?
Are you on CNN?
Yeah.
And they just had the Amer on there.
Is that what he was talking about?
They arrested guys because of a circuit board plot.
What language would you speak, man?
That's what they're calling it.
Yeah, and what was it?
It's an ad campaign for aquatine hunger force.
Which is?
A cartoon, a late night cartoon on the adult's side.
Are you talking about those cartoons again?
Unless there's a lot of sex and violence in cartoons we don't want.
Well, there's sex in it, I guess.
Oh, my jokes.
Oh, and dirty jokes and it's good.
They put neon circuit boards up that had a picture of a moon a night, flipping the bird on it.
That's terrorists.
Come on.
And they arrested them?
They're rise to these guys.
Well, I better get that story during the break here.
I better get on right on top of that.
I don't want to miss out anything big.
You know me.
Right.
WQAM could be our only call of the day.
Hello.
Ew, the Ew back there.
Who is standing?
Okay, I heard about it.
It's called Ashmuck.
Just look in the mirror and you'll see one.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
1462 votes.
I think the real near Rogers is legendary 406.
But that just warms the cockles of my heart.
I'm telling you that right now.
Makes me feel so warm and cuddly.
Oh, that's one of the choices on here.
Legendary 406, 27.7% of you.
Wasn't that very nice?
Give me a little pat on the head.
Just remember all my close personal friends out there.
Every now and then it's nice to give grandpa a little pat on the head.
That's all because, you know, he's getting old and feeble.
A sweet old guy, 316.
Sweet old guy.
An insecure geek, 15070, or you should live so long.
A homebody, 133.
A horn dog, 95.
By the way, I won it wood buying yesterday.
Just for the benefit of those who might be interested.
Not tons, but enough.
Enough to get me started on my vacation.
I'll for cab fare to the airport and then some.
An A hole, 72, you know what's the beautiful part about that is?
4.9%.
We got an under 5% A hole of factor.
You've heard of the O'Reilly factor and the Amax factor
and everybody else's factor.
This is the A hole of factor and is under 5% on the show.
That's why I'm legendary.
Don't forget, by the way, today is the first of February.
A month from today, March 1st.
We'll be 31 year anniversary for this old cout.
I was supposed to do a happy birthday for one of my regular
Pusel Anomas, whatever his name is on here on the...
I think his birthday is on a weekend or something.
He's a good correspondent there on my space page.
Pusel Anomas, pussy footer or something like that.
A hole, 72, straight, 71.
I mean, come on.
Why do they even vote that?
Is that supposed to be funny?
Straight to Brady Quinn.
Straight to Brady's bedside.
I'll tell you that.
Mormon Cuddly 64.
Hey, Brady, I'm Mormon Cuddly.
What do you say?
Huh?
He still said no.
He ran.
An evil bastard, 47.
Now we're talking.
Outgoing 38.
I hate this poll 36.
Only 2.4%.
They likes it.
In fact, before I put the poll up there,
I asked everybody in South Florida.
He liked it.
And they said, yeah, we like it a lot.
Because it gives us a chance to give you a shot.
And a social butterfly, only 27.
Which they're right about that.
I wish I could have an social butterfly.
My whole life would have been so different,
especially way back in the day, you know, way back then.
But you know when you're cowering in the closet,
you're like, oh, I'm a queer.
I'm a queer, you know, it's not good.
But now who the hell cares?
905 votes on the poll today.
And of course, there should be more on here.
But I didn't know what else to put on there.
And I did change the poll, George noticed.
Yeah, I did.
Well, because I had my winnings, I won early.
I got a good machine mine.
I got 600 on the line.
And I got another 1500 on the line.
I ran out of there with some of their money.
I figured you figured what?
That either you won or lost bad and fast,
but more likely that you won.
No, and so I came racing right because I figured,
number one, I'm not going to give the money back.
And number two, I had a very important phone call
to making everything was just fine.
906 votes on the poll.
What is the gayest song ever?
The village people in YMCA.
I got a right.
That's what I voted for.
YMCA, 204.
Now, isn't that the FEMA thing?
I know I just played that the other day.
That's what the...
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to vote for the best people today.
And you're voting for the best people in the city.
Anyway, the village people in Machuoman
are second with the country.
That's what I voted for.
Can't get more Machuoman.
I could play that Machuoman bit, but we'd be all done.
Especially the part where he says, stick it to that.
Well, whatever.
He says stick it to the country.
Yeah, that's the one.
Wayne, wake me up before you go-go.
If you have wild diarrhea, 125.
Well, that's what you say when you have wild screaming diarrhea.
Wake me up before you go-go.
Go-go-go.
Oh.
A weather girl's it's raining man 100.
And they should all look like Tom Brady and Brady Quinn.
Tom Brady's head and Brady Quinn's body.
Oh.
But anyway.
Oh, they could look like what's his name?
What's his name?
I don't know.
A Barry Manolo at the Copa 97.
Wright said Fred, I'm too sexy for my body 77.
The village people in the Navy 69.
Those village people, they were a little bit gay.
A little bit pulled.
What song is the gayest ever?
I hate this full 60, 80, what is it?
61, 6.7%.
Not too bad.
Diana Ross, I'm coming out 29 and George Michaels in faith 11.
Of course, it could have been some of his other songs too.
I could like George Michaels.
Any of the other songs?
Meaning what?
Any of the other George Michaels songs.
Right.
Like I want your sex.
Oh, God.
Yeah, what if you met George Michaels and he turned out to be gross?
Huh?
What do you mean what if he turned out to be?
Well, I can see it.
Well, that's my point.
Yeah.
I'm been ridin' 15 votes on the poll.
In fact, we might have 1,000 by the end of this hour.
Boy, talk about power at the early Roger Show.
Okay.
All you stiffs that are in town for this big stupid ball game on Sunday.
I'm a big football fan, but you know something?
The Super Bowl way, way, way too much hype.
It usually turns out to be a real snooze over a game, a real piece of garbage.
And these two teams, man.
And I have to laugh.
I hear these guys like on the morning show talking about Sandy Payton Manning.
Oh, yeah.
Well, he's, you know, a real stud and he's, yeah, he's a, yeah.
Yeah, that's what he is.
Who are you kidding, Sandy Payton?
And he's doing their square table thing about which ones get more action.
You know, I think there was yesterday morning.
That goofball from Florida or Sandy Payton Manning.
Sandy Payton Man looks like he ran into a door.
You know what I mean?
Into a brick wall.
Oh, but that flat nose.
He's got to be one of the ugliest coots that ever came down the pike.
And believe me, I look in the mirror every morning, so I know plenty about ugly.
I do your honey.
I like love Chinatown.
I like little pie with chocolate chip ice cream.
How cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good?
Ring ding.
And chocolate's a price of, wait, chocolate swirl ice cream even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly down that and then fill it with chocolate swirl ice cream?
I like to stuff a jelly donut with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough.
How about peanut butter and jelly?
What a chocolate-covered grey and cracker.
Within my user banana on top.
Could I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with eminem, but it's a chocolate chip.
They don't melt.
So you can have a little more lemon in my hard water please.
Still up a lot of lemon?
No, I'd like a little fresh orange juice.
Squeeze the more in if you got it.
No, sorry.
Okay, that lemon.
The crones they got chocolate-covered orange wedges.
The juice just dribbles down your chin.
Junior, could I have just a drop of honey in this place?
Just a drop.
Where's your actual fruit?
It's covered with that thick dark chocolate.
Oh boy, how do you write this stuff?
One that I'm in a donut.
Get the honey, Junior.
Give them the honey, Junior.
It's in the cover, dumb.
Well, get it.
What else did they cover with that chocolate?
I mean, besides the orange wedges, grapes, peaches, strawberries.
Junior, the honey.
Those big juicy stem strawberries are dipped into that dark dark chocolate.
That's the honey, that's the honey.
That's only not.
I love it, man.
If you haven't seen Fatso, you haven't.
Speaking of that, let's get to this food thing here.
The beast of all people, the beast sends me a list of recommendations.
Okay.
A long message here on our mind space from the beast.
A big infurnton?
He oughta know.
Getting a lot of good, several people recommended Fleming's,
which is in the Gables on Pants, I guess.
I just looked up.
And they got a really elaborate website, just like Immortans does.
Fleming's.
They've heard about it.
Never heard of it?
Fleming?
Fleming, Fleming like Fleming's.
No.
Like Jim Fleming.
Don't remember the Jim Fleming trot from Hazel Park?
No.
I think Joe Lightfield was driving in that race.
At any rate, and Jimmy Arthur.
Here's what the beast says.
Let's call a spade a spade.
If there's one thing I know it's food, he says,
which makes it a Fats log.
Notice you were looking for places to weed down here.
So all this, the few of my favorites, he says.
And then he goes on for about 6,000 pages.
Well, thank you, Bisto.
And the first, he lists,
Capital Grill on Brickle.
Over the all-the-stake house chains,
Ruth's Chris, Smith and Marlonsky Mortons, etc.
Capital Grill is the best and most consistent, he says.
He says, I've eaten a several of them around the country.
They're always awesome.
I bet he has eaten it to all of them around the country.
Mortons is so overrated, he says.
Oh, geez, that's depressing, isn't it?
Okay.
And as you find out, Smith and Marlonsky just sucks.
Yes.
Ada Ruth's Chris and Phoenix, it was great.
Oh, yeah, the one in Toronto is great too,
but unfortunately it's not in South Florida.
I can't move it.
He says, the one in the Gables blows.
I don't like chains that are not consistent.
The original palm in here says one of my favorites,
but the one down here says, the beast.
Bad, the the the the the the news.
He says, with four Ds on it.
Bad, the the the the news.
So Capital Grill on Brickle is his favorite for steak.
Prime one, 12, he says, have eaten there.
But everyone I've talked to about it loves it.
The only drawback is it's on South Beach,
which means it's going to suck the park.
You're going to deal with stupid people looking to be seen
all those pasty queens, whatever.
Oh, here we go.
Number three, it says my dad was in the meat business,
says Fleming is in the Gables was really good.
See, and dad knows dad knows his meat.
Other note, the best steakhouse in the country by far.
And I've tried them all.
He says Peter Lugers, Ben Benson,
Metropolitan Grill, et cetera, is Emeralds Del Monte Coste
House in the Venetian Hotel in Vegas.
Just amazing.
They go, well, let's all go to Vegas.
What do you say?
Go to Emeralds Del Monte Coste House.
There you go.
That sounds to me like Fleming's might be a top shelf.
Then he goes on about Italian restaurants,
Cafe Aboracci and Coral Gables,
upscaled Italian food, not just your own little crappy
over-the-done chicken parmesan, real authentic Italian food.
He says, he says, my ex-ant is from Genoa,
and that was their favorite place when she was here.
Cafe Aboracci and the Gables.
My favorite place is Aborucci and Aboracci and all those other.
Cafe Grazia.
Used to be in Pinecrest, now I think it's on the beach.
He says, never had a bad meal here.
Pasta was done perfectly every time.
Alvente.
And then he's got Carpaccio's in the Bell Harbor shops.
It says, sure, you have to deal with over-up nauseous
japs that chop in Bell Harbor.
Japs.
Oy!
But the flattened veal chop is my favorite Italian dish
and they do it great, says the beast.
Also, Normans and the Gables.
He says it's that fufu new cuisine,
but really, really, really mouthwatering good.
Not a stuck-up in a nauseous is going to one of those places
on South Beach.
Then he lists here, and you're going to chuckle
when you hear this.
Joe's.
Okay.
Joe Mama.
He says, I really don't understand why you won't try it.
I guess if you've never been, you'd think it's some
haughty, taughty place.
It's really not.
Aside from the stone crab, it's not an expensive place.
Most of the time when I go there, I get their awesome big chicken
and about 567 side dishes.
Their side dishes are really, really good,
like their onion rings, freeing fried green tomatoes
or hash browns.
By the way, the whole deal with stone crab is not the crabs
which really don't have a lot of taste.
It's the mustard sauce.
And he goes on about, he dips the bread in it,
puts it on the chicken.
And he says, Joseph's got the best brownie Sunday I've ever seen.
Just a huge, gooey, fudge brownie topped with hot fudge and whipped cream,
and ice cream and nuts and cherries, and then he writes,
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
Yeah.
A lot of people think, maybe we'd like to go to dinner with the beast,
and then I would like to ask them,
we have, well, what if he turned out to be gross?
Yeah.
I'll go to dinner with the beast, that Joe's, if he pays.
It'll be good if you get that, like, into brownie Sunday.
Let me show that again.
It'll be the fourth time that I've been here.
A huge, gooey, fudge brownie topped with hot fudge and whipped cream,
and ice cream and nuts and cherries, and then he writes,
wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, like that.
Maybe that's what I missed out when I went there the other three times.
I see.
When everything was mediocre, and they treated us like cattle.
Oh, you mean Joe?
Not only just us.
I mean, everybody.
It was like being part of a group.
Are you starting to get with that negative trait, like,
you hit the city?
You were like knocking and ripping and tearing and shredding and stuff.
Mm-hmm.
We'll go right ahead.
Well, that's part of it.
But we're not going to sit here and suck up to everybody.
I mean, if every restaurant in South Florida was so sensational,
they'd all be lined up out the door.
And of course, they are lined up the door at some places that really suck anyway.
Right.
It's called those state of mind restaurants.
State of mind.
Like the Rascal House, and like the Forge, and like Joe's.
Although there are some people who lead the Joe's a lot because they want to be seen.
I feel just the place to be seen is what I'm told.
Isn't that what we always hear?
I guess.
Within again, there are some people who, you know, they'll eat anywhere.
Especially if somebody else is picking up the tab.
25 past 10 at 560 WQM.
We probably have some songs that we need to add onto our list here when you think.
Maybe, maybe, maybe, I don't know.
Are the facts is pouring in?
No.
Maybe I'll take some calls.
Maybe not.
I don't know.
Apparently Molly Ivans did die.
She died?
Where did you get that?
Off the facts here.
No.
I know she was right on the verge.
It's a good thing I had that story yesterday.
She was virgin at yesterday at 62 due to cancer.
Bummer.
I'm just a signature.
I can't read.
Thanks for the bad news.
Pull again today.
What is the GAYEST song ever?
And we got 958 votes.
The GAYEST song ever.
Village People YMCA-215.
Village People Nacho Man 144.
WAN.
Wake me up before you.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
If you've got really bad screaming, you know what?
136.
You know, a lot of people know what diarrhea is, but very few of us know how to spell it,
including me.
Sorry about the H in their somewhere.
There's an H. What the H?
Whether it's Raining Man 107.
What an idea.
I'm going outside.
Very manly, let the copo 100.
Right said Fred, 260 from my body, 79.
Village People and the Navy, 73.
What are they doing in the Navy?
All those semen out there.
I hate this pool.
No answer required.
I hate this pool, 66.8%.
Diana Ross, I'm coming out.
Hey, are you on the scene right now?
The remote.
I'm 32.
I just loved her.
She was so great.
Yes, she was.
She also wrote several books.
George Michaels in Faith or any other song he ever did 11.
Anything with George Michaels.
Gay.
Very gay.
What if you met George Michaels and turned out to be really gross.
I don't really need what if.
So Molly Evans is dead at 62.
That is really pathetic.
We had the story yesterday that she was in really bad shape.
She died.
And that's the bad news.
So sorry.
26 after 10 a.k.a.
Let's see what's on that changeably.
A mad dog at the radio row at 2.
Then we got the triple hour, three hours of power hour with Hank and a mad dog.
Three to six.
Henry Goldberg solo at radio row 6 to 7.
And then the pants of preview at 7.
Any interest?
Oh, at least one another game, two one over the Rangers last night on Miracle.
Pants against the caps tonight, 7.30 at the Macarena.
And then after the hockey game, Super Bowl overdrive with Craig Mishmash.
Oh, inside addition.
George, who do you like in Super Bowl?
The bills.
Buffalo was mathematically eliminated like the first week.
Washington.
Washington didn't make the playoffs.
Boston Patriots.
New England lost.
They're not in the Super Bowl.
Uh.
Los Angeles.
How late doesn't even have a team?
Do you know anything about football?
Um, stay on the offense.
I know that.
Whatever.
It's the Colts versus the Bears.
Who do you like?
The people of Ukraine.
I'm gonna slap you upside the head.
Inflatification will be right back.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Pants against the Bears.
Good suggestion, man.
Just relax.
Don't get all uptight.
Don't get all psychotic.
Just relax.
Like Boston City officials should just relax.
Be calm.
Like me.
I forgot to look up that the store.
Oh, print it for you.
Print it out in the whipped along.
Now, by the way, since that cord short off the other day,
is that fast machine that I paid for weeks and weeks and weeks ago today?
No.
Is it hooked up?
No.
But I got the cord here.
What do you mean no?
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
I told you.
Yes.
A couple of restaurants suggestions for Neil.
Okay.
Ready?
Yeah.
Marlins and the Gables is one of the best restaurants in the country,
and I have no connection to them.
And organic on Nierr-Komile.
Very good way.
What's that?
That's a good meal there.
That's the second one.
Or a tiny.
It's one word.
We know.
Or a tiny.
Yeah.
It's a Nierr-Komile.
Nierr-Komile.
That's a miracle if yeah, okay. Thanks a lot pal. I'll pass it along the meal
See ya
He knows me all along he's just fine
Ortonique I never heard that sounds like if you're a geek you love ortonique and Normans
I've heard a norm is bound to what it is
I wonder if Norman Kentskain can do that and then there was something an island or rather that somebody suggested where the hell is
I'm a rada and that way the hell's in the middle of the key
Yeah, it's way down the middle of the in the name is velvety you got several suggestions for
Mad dogs restaurant. I think that's what that was. Oh
Wait a minute, I think you're in the mad dog. I had several of those recommended it says it's fabulous
And where's that also an alamorana? Yeah, yeah, oh no, I'm not gotten to this for a man
I mean this is a very important meal like they remember the meeting of the five families like that
But but I'm not going to
Just thinking the keys to have it with anybody
You know if if ready Quinn and Tom Brady were both coming. I don't think I'm going to Alamorata. Let's find helicopter maybe
There's an idea. Yeah, that's the thought if they could squeeze me in between them
Come to Q.A.M. Hello
What's up my legendary sweet a hoe. How you doing? No, okay sir?
I can't believe they can have one engineer take care of the number one rated show
The down at the doucheball
Unbelievable it is you know take care buddy. Okay. Okay. There's no tutorial comment on our priorities here at QA
In our engineering department. We're at least they're consistent. They don't let the finger for the show
We'll neither just fine the bonus check. I'm sure showed up. I was told I think
Whenever yesterday today whenever it helps show them mine did how about you George
Come to me. I'm hello
Hey, no, yes sir. Hey, once we're more about that rod steward if you think I'm sexy. Oh god
He's about sexy is a 400-year-old watermelon. Yeah, he is terrible
Now yes, those classic albums coming out. He sees this out of material. They're telling the retire retire ride
Okay
Do you think I'm sexy by rod steward? Yeah, I think like
Elephant droppings is really sexy too rod and in fact I put in the same category
Thousand two votes. Holy moly rat man. This is really a radical. You know what?
It's enough to make me feel like going on vacation tomorrow leaving early at one o'clock tomorrow afternoon
George is gonna be on a one or a tape tape right?
You think I have a tape tomorrow one
Whatever the only one maybe tape won't it would be good
Maybe that's what the V stuff is from maybe he's got a tapeworm obviously that WQ a.m. Hello. Hey, Neil
I you know good. I was listening to a right wing spring a couple days ago
And the guy first came on talking about supported troops did a lady came on talking about her
But she said well my husband's in Iraq and he's going back what second two before March
Is that a great what he want to tell it? They said it because no there's a
Baites well your back in you hang up on the woman very nice very nice very classy. Okay. Thanks for the class
News palette. Here's a thanks from Moishi who says ortonics sucked
One of those pay a lot for a small portion, but it's okay because it looks like artsy for us
Oh, that sounds like that restaurant and Florence. I got the oh
You know with a little pigeon egg and all the other stuff that are
Farsi place where they play and it's got like about one like a like a like a parakeet turret on the plate, you know
But that was that was the most bizarre and of course
I'm sure I do know because I've been in Florence a few times with the food. They were sensational
But it was a place I'd eaten at you know years before and you go back and oh surprise it's artsy for us
You know to me there's nothing worse than an artsy for us the worst amount thing when they didn't really care
The quality of the food or the quantity but they give you like how it looks on the plate, you know
What doesn't that look beautiful? Oh?
My god, and they brought out the what the hell that I ordered some appetizer was like a small piece of a pursuit
Pursuita Miloni
You know prayer brother sliced the ham and the melon which is one of the really famous Italian appetizers
Isn't really great all over it. Really one of my very favorites and it was like hot served hot
They said okay and whatever you know I'll try different things and they brought out like a little square of ham
about the size of your little fingernail and
like a
Small slice of cantaloupe about the size of your thumb
Hot it was hot okay, and you try to chew the
Prashoot though the ham and it was like try to it was like chewing bubble gum
But anyway, it was it was a great experience. Oh here you go. Georgia sent me this story
Boston them devices a cartoon marketing toy well shame on them. Okay. Everybody's a freaking terrorist now
Ten blinking electronic devices planted at bridges in other spots in Boston through a scare in the city Wednesday
And what turned out to be a publicity campaign for late night cable cartoon at least one of the devices the principal character
Giving the finger well good. I like that character is given the finger especially when they got that angry look on their face
Like that all of the devices did that's the that's the good
Highways bridges in the section the Charles River were shut down in bomb squads and in before authorities
Decle the devices were harmless. It's a hoax and it's not funny. So governor deval Patrick will screw you about
Turn a broadcast in the vision of time Warner ink and a parent of cartoon network said the devices were part of a promotion for the
TV show aqua team hunger forces a real series about talking milkshake a box of fries and a meatballs
What's wrong with a talking meatballs?
Nothing the packages in question are magnetic lights that pose no danger turners in the statement
It said the devices have been in place for two or three weeks intensities Boston New York L.A. Chicago, Atlanta Seattle Portland, Oregon, Austin, Texas
San Fran and Philadelphia
We regret that they were mistakenly thought to pose any danger the company said oh, what a bunch of voices, man
The marketing company responsible for the campaign interference in Ken Omedia comment a woman who answered the phone at New York
Base for him's offices yesterday said the firm CEO was out of town and will be able to comment to later today
Police only said they were investigating where the device came from but an angry mayor Thomas Manino said a stiff penalty
It'd be pursued against whoever was responsible for the devices. It's about keeping a city on edge
He said it's about public safety. I think he's on it. Yeah
On the ends of a nervous breakdown and I bet you've met him. He turned out to be grotesque probably
Homeland secure homeland security department spokesman Russ Nackie
What if he's related to new?
Praise Boston authorities for sharing the knowledge quickly with Washington officials in the public
Folks are a tremendous burden on local law enforcement and counterterrorism resources. There's absolutely no place for them in a post-dynamic world
Nackie said
A 30-60 of this look like circuit boards. They had wires hanging from them. Oh brother
Dangerous the first device was thought of a subway and bus station underneath I-93 forcing the shutdown of the station in the highway
Oh, no, you know those terrorists operate that leader police had four calls about one pm reported devices at the Boston University
Brids in the Longfellow bridge both of which span the Charles River at Boston Street corner and the Tufts New England Medical Center
The packet near the BU bridge was found attached to a structure beneath the span
subway service across the Longfellow bridge between Boston and Cambridge was briefly suspended and
Sturrow drive was posed as well, which is a benefit for the drivers because it's a horrible place
A similar device was found last night just north of Fenway Park
Wanda Higgins a 47-year-old wing with resident nurse at mass general heard about the threat as she watched TV news coverage
While preparing to leave working for pm
I saw the bomb squad guys carrying a paper bag with their very hands Higgins said. I knew it couldn't be too serious
Message is seeking the initial comment from the Atlanta-based cartoon network who were left with publicist
But a beat better move for the aquatine hunger forces a cartoon with a cultish following that there's as part of the adult swim late-night
Like a program's on the cartoon network a feature-length film based on the sheriff's late-if release March 22
And the city of Boston's having a nervous squat about it. I just got
Everybody's in rehab
For no reason
Unless you run on this land
For make your own a fall
You're only to go to rehab
For something don't you say
There's a close-up program for him someone gay
Everybody's in rehab when they should be
Gays for girl and ass-wrap which isn't too easy
That doesn't mean you need rehab or a prescription
If we do
A bar head just like no gifts
Everybody's in rehab to cover their own ass
If you just threw one jam
We're supposed to little grass
You don't need to go to rehab
For making racial slurs
Or if you're underwear
Happens to be her
We ask not for exhaustion
Or something you need to spend
We ask not for food
We squeeze food but in fact
The city you don't need to go to rehab
Just apologize
And control your ego
Stop making a lie
At 47 to 560
So this story is becoming bigger than life itself
They just showed on their suspects
Pleading out guilty in the Boston Yaudiati case
I'll set you a picture of the guy
And I'm looking at it right now
Suspicious Boston devices are a marketing poi
Here's a picture of this really
Dangerous looking cartoon character
We are moon and nights from the inner core of the moon
You say it right
Oh man, I run for the hills if I see that
One of them hanging from a bridge
Just like that
Because you know how the terrorists always use the flashing cartoon characters
So they just showed them
escorting these guys away
They're not guilty and they're like dragging them away
We're gonna fry your ass you terrorists
How dare you have humor
About a dozen artists and other supporters
Related outside Charles Tom and his little court this morning
Before I do that though here's a suggestion for the poll
Boy George and Karma Comedian
We'll put it down its culture club since that's who did it
That is correct
Well that was for George
That's back before we got that new hat
Oh yeah, before she got her new dude
About a dozen artists and other supporters
Related outside Charles Tom and his little court this morning
In defense of the two men charged with placing
Battery powered cartoon characters throughout the city
That touched off fears of bombs and terrorism
Oh my god
Most of the supporters help computer printouts
Fashion in the same design as the guerrilla advertising campaign that sparked the panic
The signs included today's date
The other is the guys
Oh no they are suspects in bustle and dangerous
You've got to be able to buy 18 years old
Mm-hmm
But that guy looks really scary there
With the beard in the long do oh man
I think he's got some roster here dreadful locks
Oh boy
Too many accused of placing crap in Boston
This court house was underneath and over
This is just a ridiculous
This is America for a baby fillet
As they say in China, design America
The signs include yesterday's date
January 31st, 2007 in the words never forget
Beneath one of the characters from the Cartoon Network TV show was a marketing ploy
Stage 35, now see it doesn't even have the names of these people
And all of a sudden we go to stage 35
Oh I see one of the supporters who described herself as an artist but the clattergiver last name
I got it
Said that Turner broadcasting systems the parent company behind the marketing woods
Or that blints is the real culprit
Why sure like my cheese blints is ugly to that
Mm-hmm
Turner didn't think this ad true as stage said standing outside the court
The people who are suffering their innocent
They're the innocent people
Police last night arrested Peter Burdowski
27 the artist originally from Belarus
Told the globe early in the day that he installed a size friend ad firm hired by Turner Broadcasting
He faces up to five years in prison
I'm charged as a placing a host device in a way that causes panic and disorderly conduct
Oh brother
Oh my god
His lawyer and friend Michael L. Rich no relation to fat rich said he hoped in court today to get
Burdowski's bail reduced and end his craziness
Crazy
A second man shot in Stephen 20 to Charlestown was arrested by 11 30 last night
He was also charged with placing a host device in disorderly conduct both are being arraigned today
As we saw they were like slacking him and dragging him and pushing him around
Oh you heart and criminals you terrorist blah blah blah
Very shameful if he asked me
But what do I know?
Okay let's see what we got on the poll we got a 1042 votes already
But we're really pushing it today man I don't know what this is all about
Must be because Super Bowl is on Sunday
Oh yeah
Must be because tomorrow is my last day before vacation thank god
Boy do I need that vacation or what?
Huh?
I'm gonna get on that plane and I'm just gonna leave all my worries behind not that I really have any
What is the gayest song ever village people YMCA 228
Village people Macho Man 155
Are you trying to say the village people are a little gay?
Is that what you're trying to say?
How about the Indie?
Not a little
Oh
Wain wake me up before you go go go go all over the floor 145
Weather girls it's raining men 113 I just love that song
Hallelujah
Barry Manlow at the Copa 107
Right said Fred I'm too sexy for my body 86
The village people in the Navy 85 you want to see what they're doing I don't know ships you're there for a long time at sea although semen
They're swabbing the poop tank
You know you probably don't remember when for a lot of day once upon a time there was a gay bar called the poop
Tech on they went you're right I don't remember well there you go well
What would you know about gay establishments anyway?
Nothing I know all the poop deck I wonder what that meant I hate this pull 68 69 percent
Diana Ross I'm coming out 36 Diana's coming out everybody wants to go back in George Michaels and Faith 12
Frankie goes to Hollywood and relax relax don't do it five Rod Stewart you think I'm sexy well the answer is
No we think you're gross Rod grosses three and culture club karma comedian
Solomon Thaylino probably the person that facts that in but keep him coming no problem at all
And keep those restaurants coming so anyway more she says that that one place ortho
Nick uh he says it blows is what he said I mean not that I know is but that's what he says it blows
Doug Thompson says your president blows
Bush is planning to destroy americans capital hill blue dot com by a dog Thompson
He says the absolute unrelenting take over the government of the west by a desperate name George W
Bush continues right under the noses of the new democratic leadership of congress
And now right to find to the wishes of the american voters is then a clear mandate for change in last year's elections bond
Bush recently made more moves to consolidate power in the executive branch signing in order that requires key government agencies to place his
political appointees in positions to control policy on health environmental issues civil rights and privacy
These political hacks appointed with without review or approval of congress can I interpret the laws
As they or their presence see it without regulatory oversight or a requirement to report to anybody
Even worse my white house sources tell me that Bush is putting into place a carefully crafted plan to extend his power in influence over government policy
Long after he leaves orifice January 20th 2009
Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez at Bush's directions advising cabinet secretaries to convert these political appointees to senior executive service
SES positions before Bush's second term ends giving handpicked policy makers absolute authority even after the president leaves orifice
SES positions are protected by a federal civil service so the policy makers could not be replaced by an incoming president
Democrat or republican who follows Bush my services tell me Bush plans to place conservative zealots throughout federal agencies
Give them authority to control policy for as long as they hold their jobs and then convert those appointees to civil service positions
That will continue to enforce his wishes for years to come far fetched not at all
cabinet secretaries of long-haired power to convert some key appointees to SES positions
Although until Bush signed his executive order granting barbed broad policy making power such appointees
They did not have the ability to continue a president's programs long after he leaves orifice
Bush is still hoping for at least one more vacancy on the Supreme Court before second term ends giving a chance to control judicial rulings
Decade
Such is the pattern of a man determined to control all phases of government without any checks and balances
The White House has been gaining the system for six years as Jonathan Tureley law professor George Washington University
Echnol's national expert on constitutional law
He has shut down congress and slowed down the courts
Some hope that democratic takeover or congress would stop Bush's power
Grabbed the continues and the overly cautious and gun-shy democratic leadership on Capitol Hill appears powerless to stop him
While they consider non-binding resolutions on withdrawing troops from Iraq
Democratic leaders of Congress have asked for a legal interpretation on what power if any it has to stop Bush
And who did who did to ask for this interpretation?
The Attorney General of Vertican Zalas of Bush and Poignie who believes that the president's powers absolute and the one cracked in the program
To extend that power and influence far beyond his constitution and limited two terms in orifice
If you listen to the president and some democratic leaders
Congress can do little to stop the hemorrhaging of lives in Iraq Tureley says well
I said stock Thompson in Capitol Hill blue
The answer he so well deserves
Oh brother, so depressing you know it
We don't want to be depressing during Super Bowl. We cares Mel says please add i466 and blue to your gay pool
i466 did blue
Blue that's always that is blue huh
Probably lots of stories named blue
No, but you know the one I'm talking about the group from Italy without was their name
Blue that's how I was a techno pop song you know techno plot
Kind of like wake me up before you plot plot
I466 and blue. I don't know what they'll let you if you got it. I bet you don't have that do you huh?
Your vast library there looking yeah, keep looking
Got it no chance
Check it out
Got it. I am nicknick nokton. This is earth
You'll listen
Here's the story about a little guy that lives in the world
Much more
I was I466 was that
This is I465 in my library
The library
Admin Scott
He ought to know his I4 power I am
I'm blue
Okay, that's enough of that. Is that yodeling? They didn't do that they were doing it. They're that's scat
They're yodeling on it. They're they're pushing it around. They were doing their popsicle. This is the Neil Roger show
This is the brain
Oh
Shoulder you are should they got you under what you brought your mouth
Shoulder what you do
She doesn't know you now come on to her you
They've lost you that we're playing three-fourth week
If this goes to the top she ain't gonna get caught for she's next
So
Oh
I say let's go
We are moonenites from the inner core of the moon
Get all those moonenites man get a lasso and run them all up over that
There's that won't go with a lot of blocks for you know he's building
He looks real guilty to me. I'm more afraid of what he might have calling runman his hair than anything
You like it. No, not really on the other hand
What a dude
Typically find a bomb if someone wanted to cause damage they were put it under a bridge or in some
Transportation hub area where it could have maximum light enough a little bit you jackasses up there in Boston for crying out loud
I'll see how kind of all that I have okay it this is murphy
Oh
There's that dangerous cartoon character flashing light. Oh man. It looks so dangerous to me
You have to be a retard to get to all freaked out about that. But then again
Here's a fact from somebody says did you see all the papers are all over the store and how saving you's the slur
Coon well, isn't that nice?
The following article is not the main story but a side story and hub became public
It says check the sunset or hell didn't well. I must be missing all the good stuff
You know it says for a good kosher joint
Check out sam's deli on 41st read in Miami Beach
Sam's deli you should live so long okay
At any rate getting back how comments became public a reporter shared a recording
Three reporters representing the hero the Palm Beach Post and the South photos on settlement with Nick Saban on
January 3rd in Tuscaloosa, Alabama that they after we left it off and the ensuing 45th interview the coast made a handful of off the record remarks
One of those remarks included explicit language and a slur against Cajuns and became public when Miami
Heard reporter Jeff Darling and chair to recording of Saban's words where they southward the sports radio hosts
Oh, not the big oh my god walk solid
The coaches slur was not only initially published by the hero because of the coaches request for that portion of the interview
Do you mean private two weeks later?
Darling can email the audio father conversation and included the slur to
560 QM radio host Orlando Elsa Query who heard the comments on his morning radio show about South Florida and mobile
He's got a he's on in mobile. What does that mean?
He was in mobile last week for the senior bull. Oh
My god for his show in the mobile come on. Let's get serious. Okay
copies from those hearings then hit the internet
In poor judgment
I decided to email another journalist an audio sampling of interview that took place in Nick Saban's office
The other news and said the way did not expect the clip to be used it is still my responsibility to make sure the audio was never published anyway
I apologize for my bad decision
My recorder was on the table in front of coach Saban and claimed you he knew the conversation was being recorded
However, I never initially reported the material because he indicated three reporters present
It was not intended for print Elsa Query declined the comment because he's not really rock solid
How do you like that? I sure hope the big oh isn't in hot water. I mean that's that point three. Sherry hadn't December in that trend
Well, I know he was going to be playing off the comic, uh, you know interviews with coaches. I'd listen more intently
Yeah, that's for them sure. Well, we have it. So I'm bigger part. Do we we have it if you want to hear it. I want to hear it. Okay. Let's hear it
We are moon and nights from the
Wish walking down the street one of the board of trustees guys like these people around here and sit up on the stage today and help you
Is walking down the street yesterday for the shirt of all he calls me there's a guy working in a ditch
One of those crew nads guys that talk funny. I can't talk like I'm
He says
Hey, you see who are coach they've signed up without a bamba, you know how are they talking and and uh board of trustees guys says yeah, I saw that and he says
I feel like he's
Oh lovely. Hello there's the interesting part in that beautiful huh? What cool guys?
Well, he's long gone anyway. He's small potatoes for the pool somebody says little Richard and they meant roll over Beethoven
But they wrote bend over Beethoven. Yeah, make it a little more. Yeah, yeah, yeah, roll over Beethoven by little Richard
What what's the gay about that? I don't know. Maybe Beethoven liked to roll over. Maybe just having him a good time. Who the hell knows
We want to put that on there? How about the little Richard and 2d fruity. Hey, what's wrong with that?
Nothing
You have it there. I got 2d fruity Alice. Oh
Got there you go 2d fruity Alice Rossi's mom potato. So remember is Alice Rantell
We got to be really old
Old and craggy to remember that from the
All people pat boot
You know, I never could get around the lyrics of this song
You can say why did he oh next next thing is gonna be having a recording of that kid all over the wires
That was really bad and now Orlando also query got a hold of that
But I hope he played it on the era. I guess that story said that he did yes
Well, so it's written on here then we're then we're on safe ground I guess
Or not is the case maybe of course it was Chris's decision to play it
Of course
Moody river by Pat Boone that wasn't that 2d fruity. I'll tell you right now. So you better get your finger in the right slow
I have a lot of Pat Boone. I'm sorry to say
Some of the good good good news
Maureen Dowd writes Mama hugs Iowa
When she was little Hilary Rodham would sit on a basement bench and pretend she was flying a spaceship to Mars
Her younger brother Hugh perched behind would sometimes beg for a chance to be captain
No dice. She would always drive and I would always have to sit in the back. He once told me
But through all the years of sitting behind Bill Clinton on his trip to the stars
Hilary fidgeted in elbow trying to be co-captain rather than just wingman or worse wing lady
Finally in Iowa she was once more behind the wheel of her spaceship to Mars
She didn't have to prop up Bill after one of his rogues pratfalls
She didn't have to faint interest in East wing piffle table settings and pastry chefs and designer gowns
She didn't have to defer to her male colleagues in the Senate stepping back to give them the limelight
She positively glistened as she talked about how I rather than the we of 92 would run the world
Humbly graciously deafly she offered Iowa the answer to that eternal question. What is Hilary owed?
Everything
John Wood a self-described planesman Republican machinery and tool salesman from Davenport
As Hilary how she would handle the world's evil and bad men
provoking the slyly ambiguous retort what in my background equips me to deal with evil and bad men
He said afterward that he was more worried about her ability to face down villains being a lady
But conceded the woman did good today. She done good
His question was reminiscent of Ali G's interview of Newt Gingrich when the fake rapper asked whether woman president
Would be turned on a minute related by evil dictators given that with women the worst you treat him the more they want you
As you
Tube a test Hilary didn't care about style as first lady. She was too busy trying to get on bill substance
She showed off a long parade of unflattering outfits and unnervingly changing hairdos
In Iowa her national anthem may have been off key, but her look wasn't it was an attractive mirror for political message
Man tailored with a dash of pink femininity
I think you look very nice a veteran of the first golf or told her in Des Moines
Thank you. She answered being in laughing
When Geraldine Ferrero made here her historic 184. She tried to blend a mother's concerns into her foreign policy answers
But it didn't work so well once she got started her nuclear terminology it mixed up. She got a mixed up
Hillary double the issue head on I'm a woman. I'm a mom
Hoping to stir that sisterly vote that Miss Ferrero failed to drive her turned out that many women were skeptical about one of their own facing down the Soviets
Unlike Barack Obama who once said he was bored by the suburb she introduced herself in the land of vingo and bacon as a product of the suburb is
Wallowing in the minutiae of kitchen table issues
W. Inshanie have lavish attention to money on Iraq leaving Americans feeling neglected
Hillary offered I wins a warm bath of you
homie
Rumination rather than harsh domination
Though John Stewart warned on the daily show that her slogan left the conversation begin will not help her with men
I think the typical response would be now
He said adding that her new Iraq policy is America. Let's pull over and just ask for directions
Thomasine Johnson a 66-year-old African American from outside to morning complained that Hillary talked too much about
Traditional women's issues, but many in the audience has seemed enthralled
The Achilles heel of the warrior as she is known as the war she expressed outrage about Iraq
But ended up sounding like a mother whose teenage son is not free that was room the president said this is better
We left to a successor. I think it's the high-eir responsibility. I really resented
She uttered the most irritating and disingenuous non-wards in politics if we had known then what we know now
Jim Rednew Barack Obama knew even I knew for pre-takes the administration's trickery was clear in real time
Hillary didn't have the nerve to oppose the popular president on a national security issue after 9-11
And she feared being cast as an anti-war hippie when she ran now
She feels she can't simply say she made a bad decision and that makes her seem conniving not a good mix with nurturing
That's what our good friend marine does I'll say that I'll out with marine that you go girl you go
Molly Iberns that at 62 that's really sad
She was one of the great bush bachelors of all time. Let's see here's what are these for the pool a whole bunch of them?
Oh my god cute. Oh these are a poll possibilities. Uh-huh
What do you think deal wears by doing his daily show? Well, I think they already know yeah
Jockstrap. Yeah, although you could keep everybody guessing it
Jockstrap was worn by Brady Quinn as a matter of fact. Mm-hmm-hmm. We're in a real tight
So I'm kind of like you know get all the vibes from it. What do we got on the pool of 189 by the time we come back from this break
We'll have 1100 or we're gonna know why
Fair of exploding balls
You look at the plot with don't think he's terrible the singing was horrendous
And you look like one of those creatures that live in the jungle with those massive eyes bush-fabies
It's a freak show
American
And he compared me
Don't
You don't
It's the wrong show all over again baby without Chuck Burris. It's 1117 EQM. Here's the fact it says happy pull suggestion
Other than the needle who is your favorite gay and then he says sounds funny when you say faggot or dyke person
Who's your favorite faggot your favorite bull dyke and this is all that you fill out the list
That says don't you feel much better now the authorities found those host devices after they've been placed for weeks
If they'd been real bombs they would have gone off and killed a bunch of people already
That's what the mayor Boston should be fired up and pissed off about that it took them so long to find all of these
All of these things to get point. That's probably why they're so humorous about it to the barrisht
Well, they ought to be
They ought really ought to be let's see. What do you think deals a choice of writing instrument is oh, brother? What a pull that is
That's like what kind of toilet paper? That's like paper or plastic or is he really that spastic?
I heard you prick your finger and write with blood. Yeah. I write it all in blood
Boo
Neal's choice of writing instrument. This is the same person who said in the other pull about what do I wear daily on my show? Oh, boy
Woo
Heavy duty. I think I'll smit can that one about the writing instrument. Let me see what I got actually
It's a um oh, it's from hotels.com. It's when I stole from some of the hotel
That's one thing when you stand in expensive hotel
Maybe always take like the note pads take that pain. You know, I never used to do that
But my friends have taught me to do that, you know, not that I'm all cheaper or anything like that
But when you're paying that kind of money for a fancy shmancy hotels, which in Europe by the way, they're not all that fancy shmancy
I mean you know, there's better than a standard Utah stole crap like that
But they're not what they're cranked up to be and I'm sure you're well aware of that George whether you're many many travels. Oh, yeah
Come on
Just before the show today George was saying each being on Berlin or whatever that means
I'm Cassena. I would say I am a demon often. This is er
Yeah
They're gonna come and get your ass and take you away. Let me tell you that right now
114 votes on the pull. What's the gayest song ever?
Villains people why I don't want to read all these these are so boring, you know
Why MC8242 macho man 162. I wake me up before you drop a big one 147
It's raining men 120 at the Copa 110 to sexy for my body 90 in the Navy 89. I hate this pull 73 6.5 percent
I'm coming out to anoros 37 faith by Miss Michael 12
Karma comedian my George
Culture Club boy George 8
Frankie goes to Hollywood relax 8 rods Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? Absolutely not five and I full 65 and blue
I love that song one so let me tell you
See how I don't know what's gay about that song. I remember the video very vividly
And we're like all them little blue doodads running around, you know
Well, they ever got loose in Boston to imagine the human cry. There would be about that the blue and cry
It would be a blue and cry in Boston. It'll be running around on the us on the straw drive drive
On a mystic river bridge boy. The way they drive in Boston man
The only thing I will say is bad as the driving itself for it is it's sensational compared to Boston
At least when I lived there 150 years ago. Wow
Airweek car had like a beauty marks on it. You know had like
trophy marks
Dance and ding noise at bumps and bada bings all the stuff. It was really not good. Thode Q.A. Am hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. I don't remember the name of the song but back in the disco days
I'm happy to say I remember the singer's name was Gloria Gainer. Gloria Gainer and I will survive
Here's your
That's it. That's it. Thanks for the other part. Yeah
Isn't that the one he's talking about here comes Gloria Gainer once upon a time. I was a basket case
And now I just get attached to it. I got much of a basket right
But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong. Yeah
Now learn how to get along and throw it up back. That's my theme song. I will survive. Good. It is. Oh, I'll survive. Everything's hunky-dory man
Everything is fine as GI wine
1121 a Q.A. We got all the Super Bowl and sports stuff from Radio Role in fact
I'm sure that's probably a lot of resentment over the fact that we're interrupting you know something
Uh, I'd be more than happy to hand it right over to them now
Ha ha ha ha just hand it right across you know you're ready for it's kind of that pre-vecation feeling
I have in my bones, you know is that where it is it's all over the place w.q.a. I'm in my ass Q.A. Am hello
Hey, Neil. So let me get this if I write a you-all truck and park it next to a publisher denny's
It'll get lunch am I leaving a bombing device?
Yeah, hey, I'll leave you leave the hazard lights flashing w.q.a. Am hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. So all those songs out the window because they have the two gays in history. Okay
Um, afternoon delight
Now I'm not sure if that gay or not because it was a ganna's daughter that did it and then the second one is how it would
Two guys were rollerblading backwards listening to haircut 100 loved one one
Okay, so ask George what he thinks about it
Oh
That is so gay. I'm what's gay about this song actually
No, that I mean it's it's gay as in lame not gay as in homosexual
Well, that's not what the poor means is no that's a no I'm a gay as in lame. Well, what is that?
Gay as in lame you know, that's what it means now
Well, I don't really keep it right and I wanted these hippie hop
hippie-hoppy hey, speak about I hear happy I think I'm a long Cassidy baby. Yeah, Gabby Hayes
Gabby Hayes looking at rostic either embossing the appearance of c4 or a similar device wrapped inducted
Whether there was a power whether that turned out
You know these people need to be dragged off and put in a mental institution these prosecutors. Yeah, this whole in the may
Speaking of gay to this guy looks like Jesus on a bad day most to humorless city in the world
Uptight baby. Yeah, all of the blue laws and the blue nose and the blue hairs and then the oh
The rosti and then the other guy they're jumping him around
What is that I mean what a haircut 100 loves us one like the guys
Oh, this buddy the gayest band ever. Yeah, well, what about the pet shop boys. Oh, yeah
And are you because a band is gay doesn't answer the question of the pull man? You guys are missing the point
I know they want gay so you're way way out of here like little gay is in lame that's so gay
Okay, that's not the intended whoever sent us this stupid ass pull. I'm as a great. What is the gayest song ever?
We know exactly what they mean as in a homo
Faggy oh look. They're sure the show the these
devices getting blown up they it's clear the guy in the moon suit blowing up the device where they're robots
The antenna was to get that and look at the color of those gloves blue
That I know
Whatever fear
Unressed yeah, the only thing we have to hear is the cartoon network. Let me take a look right now boys and girls
What is some of the most stupid stuff I have ever seen in my life
This is just enough to make you want to get in your hands and ease and puke up gigantic chunks for hours and days and weeks on it
You know drive it up and down 441 as you know, there's flashing neon signs everywhere
Dion, huh? Let's put his ass in jail where it belongs me on the end rest knows Pimpsons say where's that at them and I felt a ratio whatever that is
I just like to know the kind of people who watch those shows you know the pregame show and all of the crap
And there's Jimmy's Johnson and Danny boy and they're all slapping each other on the ass and high five
Is that a serious question? Yeah, you want to know the guy you know like the kind of guys
To work on our station that's right. I was just gonna say you bet them all and the 600 people that listen to it
You've got the audience they all work here
We use stop where we are you're so negative man. This is your superbordination man. I'm not like it a superbord station
This is wq a.m. All sports radio. I thought the other was the official superbordination. That's basically what they only are
Who knows the official money station?
Where's the guy that I'm supposed to go?
George this is a robber
That's the guy I'm playing in out of town all the time on business whatever I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find the
O' Rogers
Uh, the honest with you pathetic very pathetic. Yeah, and
This guy is I mean if this is all you got in the sports talk radio it is horrible. Yeah
I'd definitely try to find somebody better that's for sure and his whole gd thing and everything else just on one day
We all face the ball oh yeah face the ball robber
Yeah, haven't rate there and god bless you when yadi yadi and buruhatah anoyan
Humbari and beard how do you like that? Yeah, if this is all you got on sports talk radio with her six and seven shares
While the rest of the day farce got those really big numbers. Hey Robert, you're a schmuck. Okay. You're what's wrong with America
Play like men and they look like women
Oh
There's about an audience the revenue
That's what we like right
Oh, you fellas have a good time
Yeah
Thank you for getting rid of that meal and that George
I sure just one question fellas. Yeah, any one of you ever heard a radio before getting a job here?
No, no, that's funny neither did I
Here
Oh
I'll get it here. I am hello
Yeah, yeah, Lucie but he's a coward in the traitor
Okay
Oh
Let me tell you right now next time and don't go for that kune ashtalk. Let me tell you that right now. Okay, okay
1131 and 560 WQM and for the poor here's an excellent suggestion
This might be the winner roller. It's got a long way to go to catch him
Take throw through the tool
Tiffers the tulips. Uh, it's time to him
The intaminable is now you croak or something?
You did and I don't have that did die
You don't have it better go looking for it. Well, I'll be them. You don't have tipped her through the tulips
Well, it's not a damn good thing. I got it
I'll figure what else I got 200 Ti I got and now here's Timmy Dean founder of Timmy Dean pork sausage with a few words about new Timmy Dean
Vagal Sammages. Hello. I'm Timmy Dean
You know, if someone had told me it's 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels out of said, huh?
That's june food. Yeah, that's what he was saying. Huh? That's june food, but anyway, by the way
Yes, he's always with the bacon
So many men so little time by the weather girl somebody suggested so many men and so little time the weather girls
They seem to have one track mind just like me. I sure do. It's raining men and so many men and so little time. Well, there you go
Okay, fine
Is that it? I don't even know that song. Oh, yeah. Well, this is the Easter little
Oh, good. It's the bed. Oh, yeah, make the bed maybe be really pretty quick. I'll be waiting in the end of the video
karaoke to it wake me up before he goes by we have a view
No 133 votes on the pool. We got a shot at something they will give away whatever we get
I got a bunch of I don't know if I have time to read this. I guess I do a sad story Bob Geiger on a smoking shimp
Young marine dies of PTSD and neglect
Jonathan Schultz was a US Marine he died earlier this month of the age of 25 not in Iraq, but back home in Minnesota
He died of wounds received during a seven-month tour of duty in Iraq wounds different from the ones that are in Schultz two purple hearts
This young man died of post-traumatic stress disorder of wounds to the soul and not the flesh
He died because the government that was there to send him far away to fight in 2004 wasn't there for him when he got home
Schultz had a heroine time in Iraq spending time in the heated battles of Ramadi in April 2004
While he was there 35 Marines in his unit were killed including 17 of them in just 48 hours of combat
The young marine was wounded twice in battle, but returned home to rebuild his life and to cope with the things that he had seen
Things he had done and friends he had lost
But by the time he was discharged from the Marines in late 2005
He was deeply troubled with images of combat and violence that he couldn't get out of his mind
According to Minnesota Press Report Schultz went to the Veterans Administration Center Minneapolis
The December 14th of last year
This last month
Met with a psychiatrist was told they could only be admitted for treatment four months later in March
On January the 11th of this year just a couple weeks ago
Accompanied by his parents he went to the VA hospital in St. Claude, Minnesota and told people of the VA facility that he was thinking of killing himself
They told Schultz that they could not admit him as a patient in San Mone's way the next day January 12
Schultz called the VA reiterating he was feeling suicidal
He was told he was number 26 on the waiting list
A man who had risked his life at a rack and done everything that was asked to him by the West government was told by that same government
That the sacrifice would be repaid by being 26 on the list of veterans similarly crying out for help
Jonathan wanted help so bad said Mary Ann Schultz Jonathan stepmother at the end of the conversation Jonathan got off the phone so distressed
On January 16 Schultz called his family and told them they was going to do it
He was going to kill himself his family called the local police who raised to his house
Ticking his door and found him hanging from electrical court attempts to resuscitate him more unsuccessful
Having read about Schultz while on trip to Minnesota Senator Byron Dorgon
Democratic North Dakota brought the story to the floor of the Senate and read it into the record on Monday
The story is nearly unbelievable to me said Dorgon in a speech on the Senate floor
The newspaper description of the flag-grade coffin of this young marine who were in two purple hearts fighting for his country in Iraq
Contains a sad sad story of a young marine who should have gotten medical help for a serious psychological promise that were the result of his wartime experience
The marines family said that he couldn't sleep would have nightmares
Reliving the combat he had experienced and suffered from vivid flashbacks went awake
He was a delayed casualty of horse father Jim Schultz have yet non-veteran said to Jonathan
Jonathan Schultz who leaves behind his fiancee a six-month-old daughter and who had another baby on the way was a machine gunner
Who wrote off into his parents about what he was experiencing in Iraq the fire fights the bombings and dismembered bodies blown apart by IEDs
I
Pray so much over here and ask God to keep me out of harm's way to make it back home alive in a one piece
He wrote to his parents in 2004
I bet I easily pray over a dozen times today now always pray while I'm on patrol is I'm terrified of getting hit by an IED
Aka bomb
Our vehicle elements and marines on patrols are getting hit hard by these bombs the Iraqis plant all over and hide on the ground
He survived all of that only to come home and find neglect the results of a missed administration big on tax cuts for the wealthy
But not real strong and taking care of veterans returning home from the war created by George W. Bush and until this month left unchecked by the do nothing Republican Congress
As is often the case when things like this happen the VA is citing privacy laws
And won't talk about the Schultz families account of what happened to Jonathan or wish you any comment at all
But Senator Dorgens says he's gonna press for answers
He says I'm gonna ask the inspector general to investigate what happened in this case
He said on the center floor what happened that a young man who was a marine veteran with two purple hearts turns up at a VA
Center and says I'm thinking committing suicide can you help me can you admit me and he's told no
The list is 26 long in front of you and other show up at VA centers and say I need help only to be told no help is available
I hope that's not the case. I think it's the unbelievable cost of war Senator Dorgens said I need like that. What a story
That's your buddy like I told you your pressure and all you all you those 30% or still clinging you clings on you hangers on
Still stuck on the bushes of backside pathetic
tragic
A butcher the butcher a washman the butcher a bag dead the butcher at the universe and of course don't forget
We still got her Iran on a horizon. Oh, yeah the Iranians they're behind the killing of those Iraqis
But a bit of a you see them planting the seeds in the media the same old crap and the beautiful obedient media that makes me sick to my stomach
What's the gay song ever that's our poll question? Yeah, who cares about the dead people when we got gay songs to worry about right
That's where I got bags on a story about that. That's right. Keep it up. They're important things my mca
253 it's off to the races by itself. Maybe nobody can touch the ymca and who'd want to I'd wash real clean
I would scour myself with body wash after I came out of that joint
When I was in Rochester we had the JYMA the Jewish Young and Dissociation. How about that?
I think we used to swim naked there too. I went there a couple of times. Yeah, the situation naked. What?
Oh Jesus wasn't there was
I was just naked was swimming that uh, hey nothing like naked swimming baby. What's wrong with that? Yeah, I love rock. I got a macho man
166
Wann wake me up before you go go 152 weather girls. It's rainy man. Howl alluyo 124
Very manllow at the Copa 113 right said Fred. I'm too sexy for my body 95. Yeah, you should live so long
He looks like right said Fred looks just like this guy in the Accordance. He in there with a rustle on the block
Get I hear it get our clippers for this guy. Okay, Jesus
Whatever it is he looks guilty
Village people in the maybe 92 I hate this pool 756 and a percent sour people
Diana Ross. I'm coming out 38 George Michael in Faith 12 keep the Faith sweetie culture club karma comedian 11
Frankie goes to Hollywood and relax. Don't do it eight rod Stewart. Do you think I'm sexy? Not a chance five
Tiny Tim tiptoe to the tips one and I call 65 blue one. There's mayor many know apologize
And I don't know gay rest for watch watch or any of these because you got a quince in his mouth a great dude. What is he talking through?
Did you hear that? I think he's got the you know like a dog veto with the orange peel in his teeth good
Yeah, he sounded like the late their watch his name. It's just an art fuck wall
Maybe when art died he passed along that the quadril to the mayor boss
Pridians done as dirt
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
And if he's done will be money for nothing my
Dire
Srains
Like John Kerry and our door
Under what she has in store
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
Yeah, and a great answer to you. I look just like any other guy
We're in a ring and lipstick
We read with her
He has it all the last he wants to leave the democrats
But it's hard to call a person where the pumpkin head Hillary wants to be president of the United States
Father, he takes his tail and looks at pictures of playmate
He would be his life to see
Bill Clinton asked for a play
Hillary wants to be president of the United States
She wants to catch her son on the paper
Rock oh mama with a voice that sounds like fingernails running down a shot forward
Screaming from a podium while her husband is getting some hiding from his white group
Canals like Carol's boards
Hillary wants to be a president in 2008
And I bet she does a great job when the democrats debate
When he starts if she wants we see another
Queen son in the white house has the president in the fall of 2008
Oh guys prepared having help on 7.45 and 5.60 WQAM. Here's the facts that says
First of all, this is another one of those setup factors from across the street
I'm possibly by the way clearance wasn't in North Carolina from what I understand Chris right
Tell what you're telling me so
So maybe he was over his head yet
Maybe so they were massaging stugas is ego or something maybe they were like taking a shower together. We're like swimming naked
It's as first of all I don't blame you for suspecting the validity of the facts
I sent you regarding clearance visiting Joe Rosen's studio
I'm sure the guys across the street try to pull a lot of crap on you out of jealousy
Do the fact that you have a higher share than all of their day ports put together
So I'll understand if you completely disregard this facts as well
But I still want to try to explain what happened. Okay
I sent that facts on Tuesday and that morning is when the event happened not Wednesday morning
I sent the facts at about 140 using the same internet facts
Facts service I'm using now the problem is that it doesn't send the facts immediately
There's a five to 30-minute delay. I kept checking up on the status of my facts up till you're show ended
And by the time you show us over the facts still hadn't been sent in fact
I even got an email saying the fact this goes on and on and on about when he sent it and whoever what did you know?
When did you know it oh?
It says again if you think I'm some lackey from across the street
I don't blame who who cares okay? Why would anybody what are you trying to say pal?
I have no right to take all the time to write this
I mean I only read like a couple of cents of it this gigantic paragraph of nothing
Of nothingness who cares whether clearance was over there, okay
Maybe he was a massage and Joe roaches it roses ego or something who knows what he was doing maybe in deep
over like a
Playing dark dartboard what do they call it darts?
Or maybe they were just cutting parts. I don't know sorry Joyce
Who knows Jesus God some of you people get get a life plea I have no life God
Senator Joseph Biden has launched his bid for the White House on the issue of Iraq but yesterday his campaign was sidetracked over race
Like everybody these days Biden declared online
But it was old media that got him in trouble personal comments
He made about another White House hopeful senator Barack Obama
Recreated by a reporter for the New York Observer
I mean you've got the first sort of mainstream African-American who's articulate and bright and clean and a nice looking guy
I mean that's a storybook man man Biden said
Yeah black guy who's bright and clean and nice looking
Boy and articulate
Biden later called Obama then spoke to reporters during conference calls saying Obama understood what he meant
This is a guy who's come along in a way that's kept to the imagination of a country in the way no one else has
That was the point of everything I was saying Biden said right a black guy who can actually speak who is bright and clean and nice looking
As opposed to fill in the blank right
But late Wednesday Obama released a statement season on Biden's use of the word articulate
I didn't take senator Biden's comments personally, but obviously they were historically in actuato
African-American presidential candidates like Jesse Jackson
Shirley Chisholm curl mostly brown and I'll sharp them give a voice to many important issues through their campaigns
And no one would call them inarticulate
So maybe Jesse
You like to rhyme if you got the time and all that other crap
Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson said last night it was a gaff it was not an intentionally racial
Projorative statement it could be interpreted in that way but not what he meant
I think I see probably his statement nobody else says statement right Jesse
Biden who admits he has a tendency to blow over eight has made in delicate remarks before last year speaking about Indian-Americans
He said you can't go to a 7-elevener dunk in donuts unless you have a slight Indian accent
It's a point. I'm not joking. You said
What does that mean you can't go to a 7-elevener dunk in donuts unless you have an Indian accent?
How about it? I don't know what that means. I think what he probably meant was you can't work there
Biden's first president so run 20 years ago was undone after evidence emerged that he used a
He then he plagiarized his speech from a British politician Neil Kenock
Better known as
Always not legendary like I am
In the interview with an American observer Biden also came out swinging against his rebels over the war
He said about John Edwards who wants to remove troops from Iraqi immediately
Okay, John. What about the chaos that'll ensued?
Do we have any interest John left in the region?
And about Senator Hillary Clinton is planning to put a cap on US forces now in Iraq
Cap are troops and withdraw support for the Iraqis now. That's a really good idea
I'm not being a wise guy here. No, think about it
During the political damage his comments once denied Biden released to say when saying I deeply regret any offense
My remark in the New York Observer might have crossed anyone that was not my intent and I expressed that to Senator old Bama
Okay, hey Joe. Guess what you couldn't lick Senator old Bama's ass. How do you like that his backside?
His articulate good-looking ass or whatever it is
Oh, remember that picture we saw of Barack Obama swimming or whatever with the oh boy
He wasn't swimming naked thank God. He's
He doesn't have the greatest body going anywhere. You know, I'm
Oh, I hope it is yeah, the great body
As if well, maybe they got maybe that Denver that real world Denver episode comes out maybe that guy could be our first gay president
I vote for him in a heartbeat. How did you look at that?
That we got on the job the guy kitty of all the tough the girls were having a great time at the brother in the tub
Was having a problem with it for some reason was he really?
Yeah, he was a great moment and all the way through there and complaining that they wouldn't let him join in
Just sit back and enjoy the show buddy. Yeah
My head probably a fact
Okay, what is the gay song? I'm tired of reading this pool. I don't like it. You said I don't mind reading results of the pool
It's just ponderous, you know
1172 votes and of course the runaway winner hands down your pantaloonies village people in YMCA the gay song over 258 now that's all
I don't want to go down the whole list. It's just you know, it's just so gay. I don't know
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm
Larry vineyard rights what habeas corpus means to you or you got some calls. I better take a few calls here. You know, I don't know why
W.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M
Yes
Hey great show. Yes it is
Hey, okay, would you would you rather have sex with a woman or listen? Yeah, okay WQ. I am hello
Q.A.M
Hola. See this thing is acting up again Q.A.M.
It's acting up and
You the homo song uh
Wimp this get nookie. What is it?
I don't make any joke
I love it.
WQ.A.M. Hello
Hey, down. It's so close to lunchtime too. Yes, sir
Hey, let me send this down hold on
Okay, here's those
Um
Yeah, thanks for putting that story on the website of the the planet Obama has
Right I reported that on my my space, so everybody else carried it who doesn't actually
Brax the man make no mistake about don't get to fool by any imitation like
Obama and O8 baby you got it
Ladies, you know, thanks
There you go the Barack Obama man boy this phone is making really
Like that, but of course we got no engineers and they're not going to punch you around with it anyway
Lian one's been out order for like months and months and years and do we really care
As long as that money keeps rolling and baby that's all we care about
As long as I can go like yesterday and find me a good machine man. What I was pretty miraculous, you know
WQ.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Hey, good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. Do you have Lola on that list?
Lola by the king snout we're talking yeah, hopefully
That's that that's how the winner. I got asked your question to be coming to social butterfly. Oh, yeah
I don't know that if you're going to Amsterdam next week, but I'm gonna be there
Okay, no, okay. All right, does it's gonna say if you see a guy with a white came with a red tip walking around a red light district
Walk up and say hello
I can see but I carry the king because I don't see well. I see and my girlfriend's going for the first time
Are you taking a girlfriend of Amsterdam? Oh, what a bad idea. Well, I'm sorry. No, I'm 51 and she's 23
Like I said, there's a good idea. Oh, pali. There you go. I bet you can you can see far enough to see that. Oh, yeah, hold on
Oh, she
She'll be spending most of her time in the coffee shops
Well good for her. Okay, every time pali. Hey, yeah, yes. What one more quick question. Yeah, what's she she's kind of like bisexual
What do you know? He liked the best gay bar over there. I'm serious
The best gay bar. Why would you ask somebody like me about gay bars?
Somebody told me you were gay. I heard that I don't know. I don't know. Come up out Goldstein. I'll give you some good stuff
I know Alan is for that years. I'm hitting this drop. I'm hitting it. I'm plopping. I'm smacking it. Oh, geez
What it is. Oh, and now it's not connected. Well, there you go
Maybe see we're having technical issues again. I'm not the I'm not even raising a man going to fart about it
You know, I'm not raising the eyebrows. Just the way it is. Here are QA man. We got all the engineers out there
Of course for the Super Bowl baby and I'm what we're gonna do after Sunday when the Super Bowl is over and the Bears kicked that then
Cool, so I saw over the field. Why should I hope so?
That's Sandy Peyton Manning. He gives me butterflies. He gives me spielkeys watching him play
You know, I'm talking about Chris every play. It's like that same thing and he's like oh no over here
No, I'm gonna change in the signals and he's just gives me an nervous breakdown. Can't stand it
And I said we're gonna do the defense though
The defense sucks the defense blue or you're talking about the other team the Bears defense
I know what he's talking about. I know my football mister. I was watching football before you were born, okay
I watched the redskins in the bears like 72 to whatever the hell was
Redskins in the Giants 1956 whatever the hell I was
As in years ago. See you always be impressed when somebody says oh before you were born
I was yadda yadda yeah, you know what that means? It means you're old. You're gonna be dead pretty soon
Ha ha ha ha that's what they all say to me
Mr. Hodge hot mr. expert mr. Fancy pants you're old and you're gonna be dead soon
I'm gonna be dancing on your grave and having a fantastic time and screwing up a storm while you're
But the worms are eating your old ass
So je dung sure and I sound like Bob hope on acid and I want to tell you it's the 12-door now or whatever it is
He said
James Brown died early this morning in Atlanta hospital
He said he said
They're in a box with a flower by his head. He's not very
Not they believe Mary
The younger wife wants some of this bread
Everyone already said farewell. There's been over a month and you're starting to smell
Buches of people are in your will
So just why are you lying here still?
I am in the living room
You don't say a word
I'm waiting for you to say
Then get on up man. I'm twisted. No one will bury me. No one will bury me
And I'm starting to rock by the minute
Would you bury me? This minute maybe no one will bury me. No one will bury me
And you put me in the ground by tomorrow
And I'm really starting to believe that you think again
I've been disposable
I'm tired of it. I'm back just my self
Oh, yeah, he's still doing it baby. He's still cranking a 12-o-one at 560 WDQM
Don't forget we got all that super bowl stuff from Radio Rowan to a mad dog in the power hours with a humber in the mad dog together
Path is in the capstone at the macarena any interest? No, I know I need a little how about a little teeny tiny. No, no, no, I just
Gail the obion
That won't help and then after the hockey game we got super bowl overdrive with Craig Mishma
Shit, whatever the hell that is
Super bowl overdrive which means lots and lots of
Jock straps and full ball talk and the bears the colts and the colts and the bears and sandy-paint and many
Lion nine has been quite for a long time Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, no, I don't okay sir
I know that was a great that was a great parody song. He just played it was fantastic
I give it about 82 on a scale of 10
Pretty good and that's why I'm legend
Couple of days ago you were talking about the Dom execution and everything involved with that
I was just wondering you know what like you know, what's your view on capital punishment?
What's my view? I say I'm either ass okay
That's what I say but in his case it was it was more like a lynching on capital punishment
Yeah, and you know, it's all over the internet as well in addition which we put them on there and if we put them in the first place
Where the ones that gave them the poison gas where the ones that armed him we stuck the C.I.
Stuck in the first place take a look at that picture or run me there with a big smile on his push
Shaking his hands. Hey said, I'm our man, but it would put him and then this is just to shut him up
You know
Just to shut him off so he can't still be run and tell about all of them
Of course, I read all those articles to my repeating that well that's because the guy has to there's only black
And I've got absolutely no intention getting into
This is she's now. Oh, it's it's a
Constipated Brit man the Constipated Brit I am not gonna go over to see them constipated Brit sorry
Not that the whole dieters you know that bangers and mash and a spotted that we can't even say on a year
Total when people are eating thing they're told in the hole. What's that all about?
Correct over God
It's pretty nasty stuff. I've been told
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hey, Neil yes sir wouldn't they have eaten
To put those bright lights in Boston wouldn't they have needed a permit
Well
But I think you think they got a permit when they need a permit to hang Sodom
I'm speaking of that they ain't getting no permit
How about Kermit that could have put Kermit on there
It's just the whole thing is just so acid under this is yeah, this is America for it
We degenerated into a country of silly people
You know why people are getting butchered and slow and coming back without arms and legs and eyes and brains and
Anything else kichis
That's the kind of thing they worry about
Design America baby you can have it WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil yes sir. How are you great?
Let's wonder if you have some tickets to the suburban. Can you give to me?
Yeah, sure no problem here our legs and just remind out the window okay how many you want yeah here
Well, I threw them a whole bunch. They're on the way ready. Oh
My god. Hey listen. I'm trying to cause a really stellar our last couple of days. What's that all about? Don't stop
stellar fellow
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey Neil how are you great um, I think one of the gay songs ever tainted love
We got that somewhere sure we yes
And I know what's again is it's just because they're really gay. Yeah, what what makes that song gay
Tainted love I mean
Come on, Neil that the song's all about homosexuality
Well, let's listen to it. Okay, let's put it on and I display here and see
Don't don't get on the bridge. Yeah
Let it go. That's a fucking queen singlet. Don't make it gay. Okay, just because there's queens in mind
Oh
Welcome
You're fair
Can't gay
No, is it they are
Yeah, well what you've been talking about do you people like the culture club thing?
Yeah, you know, we put that on there. I mean we could put it on there, but
There as usual not answering the question
No, they're not answering the question of the pull question
That's why I didn't add a whole bunch of money or maybe it's not such a good question after all because there aren't that many really very gay songs
You know how many guys sing gay sounding songs
Be some of the village people
That's why YMCA is leading the pack leader of the pack baby 281. Oh, I didn't say pack to the that was bad. Sorry
1211 votes on the poll are not too shabby considering what a marginal poll it is we apologize for not being one of the best
But people are sending an all kinds of good crap. Oh except that what about what kind what kind of writing is
Man, that was good. How long do you let your total?
kind of writing instrument is Neil used during the show and
Yeah, is he sitting in his box his shorts is he appealing in his pants?
He's got the bag hooked up with a long shoe. What's the deal over there?
God WQ a.m. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I was watching
I caught out with Keith Holmer than last night. Yes, pretty good show
Who read this the White House at higher than New pastry chef? Yeah, and the guy they hired is known for his book that he wrote
Ducers for dummies
Excellent. I thought that was a class Keith is the best Keith Holmerman countdown on MSNBC 8 to 9 Monday through Friday catch it or you go to hell
You'll burn in hell if you don't watch I don't say that right now
You watch it. No, what I can remember to yeah, I want to remember he did hold and once it was like an accident
It's after nine o'clock and that lunch is Joe Scarborough's on there. I turn over to MSNBC. Oh, no
No, nobody wants another Joe
Leaves meet the Rangers last night as a matter of fact two to one and wouldn't surprise me if the Leafs gave it an hours on Leafs TV right now
Wouldn't chuck it out of me the only problem is there in commercial
I said you're changed to a who-up pair of air-canned and North America passes alone you to watch in any show game in a city anywhere
Air-canned and fly in North America
Go to mecolise.com. All right. How's that Pazzo TV thing coming down there? What's that? It's got a big audience
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey Neil DF the very malo copa cabana saw oh there you go now we're talking see here's a guy that understands the pull excellent choice
All right, bye-bye. Thanks, pal. I
At the copa they smoked a rope. I don't we have something like that?
We have that heavens gate. That's about worth Cantina. What is it Star Wars Cantina is to the tune of that boy? You are just
What dangerous as lightning man? You are just a really dangerous very little we already have copa cabana on the pole for that guy
But thank you we do sure we do it's got a hundred twenty over five on a oh yeah, what's it with this guy? I thought what that's a good choice
And of course it's got like four fourth and fifth
In theaters now that's Starbucks wars what am I looking for Star Wars Cantina? Oh
Brother now I got now wait a minute. I got a better one than that for our good old friend
In theaters now star wars episode one the Pazzo's doges early skywalker Larry one can open and mo to D2
Oh
Life guys
Transmissusions
I'm gonna the first period
I'm gonna corner it goes you just missed it again the head is on again
I've got to the whistle now, huh? And then the blue shirts all get into it. All right
I said I said deep into the elite song can you make a joke boy and it's starting to start to collect around my buddy
Joe's neck now because you know it's not good lose an answer to Joe okay. We love you. You're the best
But he's a little a little on the punchy side
I bet you want to hear probably the whole a lease ranger's game lease one through one last night actually when it comes like the six out eight
It must be a miracle. They must be fixed
W.Q.A. I'm hockey central hello
Oh
Wake me up when you go go over the toilet. That's good. How about that? That's pretty gay
Judy girl and somewhere over the rainbow right well just because all you fags seem to like show tunes and her for some reason
Yeah, yeah, the song itself is not gay. That's correct
Yeah, see I'm I'm getting if you part of the expression sucked into the same kind of mentality that some of these other people are doing
This because Judy girl and it was a fag hag saying the song and all the fags just love Judy girl and lies in an elite two which I'm embarrassed about I told you I saw
What is that? Well, it's doors day. Oh, it's the rain. I got a lot of you. I was no
There was a rhymes with gay. Yeah, at least
Found like Judy Garland collection of 18 and a pull. I got Judy girl and some over the rainbow
That would be just simply the first all of Judy Garland's hits. Yes. I run into some gay guys. I made the she had she have like a bunch of hits I can't remember
Take your time singing this doors
Like what what did she what listen to that violin man like they sit in fame handle the bow like you handle your
respect
Besides the over the rainbow song
You have to buy your baby with a good ability. You know what else saying that Jerry Lewis baby on deck of records
That's what I want to hear if you got Jerry Lewis rock up by your baby. I will absolutely plots
You got it Jerry Lewis
Lady
That's your illusion. No, I only have Jerry
No, I'm sure you lose Jerry Lewis rock up by your baby with a dixie
Before the show is up you'll get it you're gonna give it all right. Okay, that's enough. Judy Garland for all you
Fags out there. I
I saw her at the archaeo theater the archaeo palace theater whatever it is in New York
It was in years ago and senior wedges. I thought it was 15 million times. She was great
So I saw that and senior wedges was there any head that thing on his hand
Looks just like you're again. It was in a down probably its past noon at 560 WQ and I and holds it

Oh
Hi
Look at all my go-little friends that I've got so far
Trouling my mind
Oh, the time, everybody dies on time
We're gonna find a thing we got who has no life
Oh, the time, oh, the time
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely
Even though I may be incredibly lonely
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies
Trouling my mind
Oh, the time, excuse me, over all day's lies
Trouling my mind
Oh, the time, oh, the time, oh, the time
Hey, I got a good idea, let's talk about Capital Punch
What do you say? It will probably be a version and we'll get some guests on here
And do that all the time, WS News Radio, what do you say?
What differences do I make about Capital Punch?
But then again, so is the human race bar bar
It's just like crap happens, man, it's just the way it is
And just like those guys that put those cartoon signs up there in Boston
I say, let's put them in front of the firing squad for that being hardened criminals
I am nicknogged and this is earth
There you go, let's get their ass
Let's put them in the old sparky, let's fire that baby up again
Because we're angry, we're mad, when we get mad we...
We fry people and we kill people, let's human race for you
Larry Bydhart says, what habeas corpus means to you speaking of corpususes?
What is habeas corpus? Is it some obscure Latin legalism?
One of the tricky clauses the ACLU uses to get evil doors out of jail?
Does it mean the prosecution has to show a body in a murder case?
Oh yeah, habeas corpus, or is it the basis of your protection from tyranny?
It is the right to be brought into court
It is fundamental to and sort of sure hand for, sure hand for the right to be in the legal system
with laws and judges, evidence and the defense
Hi there, John Doses, the policeman of Thedore, we've come to take you away
But I'm Jane Rowe, not John Doses, who you say was just true
And you have the body parts that support such a distinction as well as some paperwork
And why are you taking me away?
Don't really care who you claim to be in the charges none of your business
Say that more talkative of the two officers or soldiers or workers grabbing you
Wait, let me tell my family and call my lawyer you say, not a chance
Says the friendly police person cuffing you and throwing a bag over your head
You're crying through the hood, both, both, both
That will teach you the sneer at the president, says the talkative officer kicking you to make a move
To make you move and undermine his war and terror
It's not against the law to sneer you try to say that they can't hear you
And neither will anybody else, because you have no right of habeas corpus
Under habeas corpus, you have the right to say I want to be brought into court to determine if I'm the right person charged
If there's an actual law prohibiting what I'm charged with, if the people who are holding me have the jurisdiction to do so
And I'm not that publicly known and I want the right to dispute all of that and the right to be tried too
Without habeas corpus, you can be swept off off the street and never heard from again
Period, nobody has to know
Nobody including yourself has to know why
Nobody gets to determine if there's a law against what you charge with, you have no rights at all
In America, the Constitution forbids taking habeas corpus away from you, except in case of rebellion or invasion, the public safety shall require it
It was written that way because the right of habeas corpus was a basic right, even under the king of England
It was the most basic check on a king's tyranny, it was assumed
Attorney General Alberto Vio-Figonzal has now served something he thinks is very tricky and clever
What if he never had such a right? Then not giving you the right of habeas corpus wouldn't be taking you away
That would allow his president to order someone snatched off the street or from their homes and then anything could be done to them
Prison for life, torture, kill, sentiment of the country
And nobody would even have the right to ask our government if our government imprisoned that person or why or if he was the right person
Gonzalo's assertion is intended to do two things
All of these things
First, to allow the government to remove rights that are so fundamental that they are pre-constitutional that they enable all our other rights
And the second is a defense in advance for the president and his minions
They can claim that they thought what they were doing was legal
After all the Attorney General, the U.S. wrote the memo that said it was
And if he was wrong, well then if it goes to court in the court says so then they'll stop doing it
So see they acted in good faith
habeas corpus means you are in a society of laws
Without it, you're in the land of Sodom who's saying, August, Pinochet, and Offitler, Joseph Stalin, Ivan the terrible, and Yadi Yadi Yadi
And of course George W.
Abu Gharram
How about Ray?
How do you like that?
That's written by Larry Vinehart, Smirking Chip, The Smircling Chip
Oh, Suspects in Boston, Bombscared, Fleet Not Gully
How they're going to live their lives in the future and how they're going to look at the past?
For hold on a second, for example Afro I think comes kind of from the 70s
But then again there's other styles like the grease stop hair when they actually use grease
And I'm not totally sure where that comes from
When they're not it's from the 20s or from the, it's definitely not from the 60s
I don't think
The 60s sort of, we're taking this very seriously
Yeah, these ones are right there
Well I haven't heard that there at the moment
Okay, my understanding is that these guys are kind of making a goof of this process of this moment right now
And apparently in the court this morning there was a little bit of this going on as well
I'm Boston Bureau chief Dan Lothian, standing by
Look at Tony Harris, he looks very agitated about this
They're making a mockery
They're using humor as very serious, hardly unacceptable
They're just a yuckin' it up now, you know what I mean?
Something as important as the cartoon network
Like they were explaining something that was sort of bizarre
I have no idea what I can tell you is what happened
They had tellers of me
They walked in, they were waving, they were kind of giggling a little bit
We were told that they were very nervous and was certainly surprised by the extent to which this situation is in their sense has gotten out of control
Beyond that though, you know I have no explanation for what's going on behind me
I did hear a little snippet though, is that they are taking this, one of them said that we are taking this seriously
So perhaps, I don't know what I'm going to say right now, I can't even get into
Yeah, well Dan
Oh boy, that Tony Harris
Oh boy, yeah he's been all like a man on a ship about this
Oh boy, he was really taking this very seriously
He's really doing that well
Well, we won't get into it
Oh boy, oh boy
And look at that scowl on his face, like he's about going to kill something
Now he's the one we ought to be worried about just like in Godfather 3
When she says Michael now they will fear you and he turns and says I think they should fear you
We are moonenites from the inner core of the moon
Exactly, I watch it man
In fact, I'm telling you the only thing more dangerous than moonenites?
You know, talk about moonenites
Oh, talk about moonenites
The menenites
The menenites
The menenites said it was a menenite ship, aren't they?
That's nasty stuff
Menen, try menen
Okay, slap yourself up the side of the head
I've been doing my stuff, slapping myself on the side of the head and I need it
I use, what do I use?
Aquavillima
Okay, I thought you were going to say aapta shave
Prove number 39 votes on 1240 now, it's changing as I speak
Man, is this exciting or what?
What a, what a, what a do man
He isn't just have dreadlocks
He's got deadlocks
He's got to say, listen, these are items, these are devices that had batteries and wires and were planted here
I got a device from where the bomb would be
Serifist dropped, literally be placed and called one by one
So they're taking it very seriously, but obviously, you know, there is some bizarre behavior on the part of the two suspects
Well, there you go, they're a little bit bizarre, little moonenmen
They're not taking it seriously enough to please Tony Harris on CNN
And he's got a real skull on his face
You people with those bombs, those are cartoon bombs, man
You better cut the crap, that's right
Cartoon bombs from the cartoon channel
It is, those terrorists are notorious for their sense of humor
Yeah, they really are, they're going to kill you with humor and kill you with kindness, man
1240 votes on the pool and run away winner, gay is song of all time
YMCA, the village people, 269, it's almost 100 ahead of whatever is second place
Macho man
We could play that Macho man for about four seconds
And then of course we're in big, big trouble
I think, it's hard to think, see, see, that's when we play that
The Macho man's speaking, not well, but speaking 25 has no IQ way himself
Holy MAKA-NAH, this is Joe Bo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God
5, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1, 2, 1
And blaming it on the waves has denimed the wires, now it Bob disposal was election, no plus snitching give ballots, I've come to see judo port with vale pole, my granddad gave me a
The rag that the shfantens got all the way in them are.
So you know what hands big fans of cartoon images the Muslims are.
Yeah, they just don't like those nasty images of Mohamid,
maybe they get really all bent out of shape and they got a big year dead.
So there are dangerous cartoons. There's a precedent for this.
Two men played a guilty, not guilty, excuse me, not guilty today.
To charges they created panic by placing bomb-like electronic light boards
displaying a cartoon character with an upright middle finger throughout Boston.
Given the finger, baby, a system attorney general John Grossman called the light boards bomb-like devices
and said that they'd been explosive if they have them...
Let me say it again.
That if they had been explosive they could have damaged the infrastructure and transportation in the city.
Well if chickens peed you'd have a flood baby and what does that mean?
If they had been explosive.
Peter Burdowski and Sean Stevens are being released on $2,500 bail.
They were just on TV a minute ago and then we're taking a very serious
and that goofball on CNN was getting a very upset Tony Roberts.
Well there seemed to be making a mockery of this and the reporter up there,
he was almost yuking along with them and well you don't understand and we don't get it.
Next pretrial hearing is scheduled for March 7, right at Down Your Calendar.
Yesterday authority shut down Bridges in the stretch of the Charles River,
the scenes for our criticism of Turner Broadcasting says to make the parent company of CNN
because the cartoon moonmen were part of a so-called guerrilla marketing campaign
to promote the late night adult swim cartoon Aqua-teen Hunger Force.
Wow!
How come they're not putting that on CNN?
We are moon and nights.
Yeah there's those moony nights.
What the hell is this?
Oh it's from a normal, YouTube bus something rather, huh?
Oh geez, I don't have time to post it with this right now, a normal.
I'll look at it eventually.
Can I go back to the show?
The moonman or moon night?
Well I thought it was a man, I think they're buzzed and I thought it was an important message.
The moonmen are moon and nights as they're known to the show's faithful,
our delinquent of our moon and nights.
We are moon and nights.
Men who make frequent appearances on the program, photographs of the moonman or moon and nights
as they're known on the show's faithful, our delinquent outer space men who make frequent appearances on the program.
The moon and nights.
Photographs of the devices show several tiny light bulbs protruding from a circuit board
that houses wiring in at least four batteries.
Oh my God!
Exactly.
How do you like that?
Stereo to let.
The only one thing we can do better than that.
Oh what?
Yeah that's it.
Oh what?
Oh what?
Oh what?
Oh what?
Verdowsky 2070, freelance video artist from Arlington, Madison, Stevens 28.
Face charges of placing a hoax device in a way that results in panic.
Oh my God!
As well as one kind of disorderly conducts a mass attorney general Martha Cochley.
The hoax charges of felony, she said.
According to his website, Verdowsky's a graduate of Massachusetts College of Art,
who goes by the nickname Zebler.
Verdowsky has a green card seeking asylum in the U.S.
Oh!
A website, www.zebler.com features a video of people assembling the LED moon men
and driving around Boston installing the non-buildings and other structures.
Turner Broadcasting has said a third party New York advertising firm, Interference Inc.
conducted the campaign and the web videos, Introduction States.
The Interference Information Network takes on the ATHF referring to Aqua-Teen Hunger Force.
Interference Inc. had no comment on the incident.
Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis called the stunt unconscionable.
How do you like that?
Unconscionable.
While Boston Mayor Thomas Minion called it outrageous, all it looks like he had four grapefruit in his mouth when he was speaking.
And a product that was personally agreed.
He says the product and corporate agreed.
Democratic Representative Ed Markey of Boston and Reconversment, it will be hard to dream up a more appalling publicity stunt.
He was appalled.
Filled can't TBS German and CEO should end apology of the city and send the statement that police were notified as soon as Turner realized the marketing campaign was mistaken for something sinister.
Sinister.
We also directed the third party marketing firm, opposed to the Ed to take them down immediately, can't send a statement.
But while Manino and Co. they called the apology inadequate.
All those disregarded Boston's responses, much you do about nothing.
22-year-old Todd Vendorland and a design student at the Parsons School of Design in New York City saw more of the devices to which he owned as he left the lounge in South Boston.
He said he was stunned when he saw bomb squad removing them.
It's not so threatening, it's a little bright.
He told the newspaper referring to the children's toy that allows users to create pictures by placing translucent pegs into an opaque board.
I don't understand how they could be terrified.
It would be if it was a bunch of circuits blinking, but it wasn't.
There was a bunch of dummies, dumbasses.
Turner said the devices have been in place for two or three weeks in Boston, New York, LA, California, Chicago, Atlanta, Seattle, Portland, Austin, Texas, San Francisco, and Philadelphia.
However, only in Boston the lightboards create such a fear and Seattle and several suburbs, the signs were removed without fuss.
We haven't had any calls to 911 regarding this Seattle Post-Post Police spokesman Sean Whitcom told the APS today.
Police in Philadelphia told APS that authorities had confiscated 56 of the devices in New York City, a street with shut down for 45 minutes after two of the devices were found on an overpass according to the New York Post.
In all 41 of the devices were found in the Big Apple, in Boston, high ever, local state and federal authorities shut down the Boston University of Malwa, we've been through that before.
Hopefully a manito didn't rule out the possibility of criminal charges or a civil suit to recoup what they say is hundreds of thousands of dollars as he's city spent to respond to the bomb scares.
Massachusetts paid transportation authority, spokesman Joe Peseturo, who said the legal department of sending Turner a letter asking the company to reimburse the city for all costs and incurred during the hoax, but the authority had no plans to unilaterally file a lawsuit.
Officials believed there were 38 light-fourth placed around Boston, some on private property, as of last night 14 had been recovered, and had a very sinister appearance, Coffey-Pilder purters, and had a battery behind it and wires hisses.
Oh yeah, so did Sally Fitts.
Asked about whether Massachusetts authorities have the jurisdiction to rest police out of the state, Coffey states he believed they would if the offenses took place in Massachusetts.
Adult swimshare channels faced with cartoon network and other turn-to-run apprised, the cartoon network broadcasts during the day aimed at younger audience, and night adults from takes over the aroys with more mature programming.
Oh my god, I'm ready to pass out. Oh there's 20 Black and two, the very cap for people who have come around to give you a cup of milk.
Okay, take some malacidates, my mother left it in her will for you. Okay, Tony, it'll take some lacidates. God.
Those brits, you know what they all need, a good Schmidt, that's what the brits need. Maybe that's why the Baton buries, you know that whole German thing, they need a Schmidt in their mitts.
1246 on the pool.
What do we got? We got a shot of 14 today, 1350, 1247, whatever we get, we get 1248. See the way they're coming in in tiny chunks.
The gayest song ever, that's a really crappy pool. I want to apologize for it. Now whoever sent it in, probably go, you know, swearing at me because we've had listeners sending in a lot of really good pools lately.
In fact, here's a good, good pool for a manana. Wow, Halle, Looeya, right man.
The worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is, and it's got a list of all these, you want to hear them?
Because Village People YMCS still way ahead in the year, gayest song ever, 270, almost 100 ahead of macho man, those Village People, that engine.
I wonder if Defoe likes that song, because he's a...
But anyway, the worst thing that out of town Super Bowl visitors could discover about South Florida is, our traffic congestion, they want to move here.
Our drivers, our crime rate, the cost of living, our overpriced restaurants, so many non-English speakers, Niels Collars, oh boy.
Our local politics and politicians, our local radio stationis, our mosquitoes, gators popping up in our yards, the quality of customer service, our hurricane season, our sports teams, our local TV personalities, the people or education level.
And then it says, I'm an out of town visitor with sucks here, I'm an out of town visitor, I love it here.
And of course, I hate this pool.
Right.
I think we got it licked. You're probably jealous of that.
Of what the licking?
No, not the licking, so I'm not licking your ass, I'll tell you that.
Oh, the other party.
Oh, God.
There we go, we're back to that again, man. All these people with all of this...
Right, don't get...
No, I'm just telling you that I got the pool for tomorrow, and of course you'll be in our next week, or those tapes, you're going to have to come up with a pool every day.
I got a couple on deck, I don't know what I'm going to do with this.
I know it was your very, very lovely table.
Do do do do do do.
Hi, I'm a sports fan. I love sports.
I eat sports, drink sports, sleep on sports.
And I listen to sports, really all the time, because they give me the inside take on what's going on with teams and stuff.
And now we got the Super Bowl color up, and I'm really getting hyped up with all this media stuff to do it.
And I like to follow along, because I could be what's happening.
And we're going to do like, uh, uh, uh, go to like, to my friend's house, who has a 60 inch screen.
And we're going to drink like, beer, and then we're going to be in dip, you know.
And I'm going to take off my shirt, right during the game.
Like, you see people doing doing like, a Super Bowl.
And I'm going to make my arm go like this and go,
and then I'm going to do that.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that, meaningless, Yale.
And you know, sports is really all about my life.
I love talking about sports, talking about sports with my buddies and stuff, you know, because, you know, some of them, they got wives and girlfriends stuff,
and I, I have an opportunity to have one of them.
Oh, sure. When I'm with my buddies, I, I talk about, getting laid, over your shirt, show, show, show, show, and I want to know.
I've got laid, but mainly sports.
Forges, what I know, that's right. I talk about sports all the time.
And then I go home, that's all I got really, my efficiency is a hot plate, then I sit in bed and shop cracker crumbs in my underwear.
And that's all my life pretty much consists of. I'm side of sports.
It was, what I have no life.
God by life.
The saddock.
The saddock.
So let me ask you one question about sports.
Do you like it?
Anyway, we got to big Super Bowl coming up and we got all the fall to roll and the hoopla and the, but it would put about right here on QAM.
Believe me, more than you can probably handle.
Although we do have the Panthers game on tonight.
Panthers hosting the Washington Cavaliers over to Macarena.
Any interest at all?
No.
Panthers, hockey, you know.
He shoots, he scores stuff like that, at least beat my New York 2-1 last night, the Rangers.
Here's the game in an hour again.
Way to head at center.
Right back into the zone.
Go all the way up here by base.
Get the hang of it from a sharp angle trying to go for the top corner.
That's your close buddy Joe Bohner, your close personal buddy.
Oh yeah.
Good guy.
Governor Charlie Crisks moved to scrap Florida's controversial touch screen voting machines.
Won't produce immediate change and may produce some political controversy of its own, it says.
The governor said to formerly unveiled the proposal today.
He's doing it with Bobby Wicksler or Boca in a preview yesterday before gathering a Florida newspaper editor's and reporters.
The governor said the move is dictated by lingering memories of the 2000 presidential election debacle and public desires for a paper record of votes in a case they recond
as needed.
What could be more important to democracy than ensuring the integrity of our elected process.
It's at the very foundation of it all, Crisks said.
Crisks didn't offer details, cost estimates of equipping each of the roughly 4,300 touch screen pre-sinks with at least one optical scanner that reads paper ballots range from 25 to 35 million dollars.
Wicksler long to have a literal friend of the Republican governor who probably knows that he's a said Chris would recommend spending enough money to buy optical scan machines for Palm Beach,
Broward and the other 13 countries, Counties, countries with electronic touch screen voting as they found it as a separate country.
Make no mistake about it.
The governor next needs to sell his plans of legislation on everyone's scrapping the machines is the right thing to do.
It's possibly a very good idea.
I have some concerns about the cost of state representative Ellen Bogdanoff, Bogdanoff, a four-letter Republican member of the House of Majority Leadership Team who represents Palm Beach and Broward Counties.
What needs to come out of this is a debate on a menu of options.
We need a menu just like in a good restaurant, baby, a menu.
I think I'm going to stick with Morton's, you know, for that big meal. I'm sticking with that because I'm just getting overwhelmed by all this other stuff.
In addition to which the Gables, I don't want to go to the Gables. I get lost there.
It's all up and yeah, it's like very far from me and I get lost and I got no idea where I'm in terms of...
I mean years ago when I was doing you a baseball, whatever sport I was doing, you know, I had some idea where some of the streets were, but I don't know from the Gables anymore.
So, you know, maybe Flunnings is great, maybe Normans is really sensational and then of course Schmendrick there said that...
Or Tannik on a Miracle Mile is from Hungary is what he said.
I mean how bad can Morton's be, right? Only what there was and it was great.
The tablecloths were really, really white.
Yeah, well what does that mean?
Nothing. The tablecloths are really, really white like over there is supposed to be full of schmutz.
Well you know, there's a little spotty little stain here and there maybe some dinge. No, no, no, no.
In the spec of dinge.
In other words it were bleeped.
Oh, it's like really white.
Okay.
Come to the QAN, hello.
QAN.
Nail.
Yes sir.
Looks like white bright, that little company that makes the children's thing is now a terrorist company huh?
No question about them man, they're probably below their ass here.
Dude, I love that Boston got owned and they're so embarrassed about it and they absolutely have nothing to do except try to file criminal charges against cartoons.
Thank God there's no crime in Boston man, it's a good thing they cleaned up that combat zone.
I love it, Nail. I love your show.
Good luck to pal, see you on the Mystic River Bridge. We'll all bring a jump together.
We are Moon and Nights.
Yeah, the Moon and Nights baby, they're dangerous, they're gonna come and get you okay?
There's Reverend Moon and there's come a lot of them, they're the Moon and Nights.
Oh brother.
And in this Tony Harris Jack here, Sunstein, he can't figure out why these two guys are laughing at us sleep you know.
He was outraged.
This is very serious.
Oh yeah, he was indignant man, he was indignant.
Oh, he's like a devil.
Yeah.
How dare you make light of this situation.
What do you do?
Yeah, I wanted to terror his threat and attack him but it will be but don't you listen to the prison and it was Dan terror.
You know what we don't have that anymore.
No we don't.
We don't have it anymore.
In fact, it almost doesn't make sense to even play that bit anymore but I do like it a lot.
If I could ever find it, yeah.
Like that.
No yellow light, no orange light, no green light, no bright light, no dim light.
Just a bunch of dim bulbs.
Every day that moves is morning.
That's something we have to have.
Had a sense of the God out of that thing.
That is so pathetic man, Joyce, it is so sad what you folks are doing to us.
But nevertheless we got a great phone system.
One of these days when you least expected that line one is going to light up again and that one that happens then we're going to really be dangerous.
You'll see.
WDQA and Hello.
QA and.
Hola.
Sounded to me like you were somebody on.
Everybody you never know.
QA and Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes.
Hey about the super balls my friend would say were knee deep in the hoopla.
Yeah, that's right.
That's where armpits and about the red smell.
I wanted to say I went to orange peaks four years ago and I'm not a big fan of eating or food or anything but I probably said that's the last time I had any happiness in life four years ago at orange peaks.
What did you do?
Did something right there on the table?
Is that it?
Someone paid for and everything you know.
All right.
All right.
Okay. Thanks pal.
That's the last time we had any happiness in life was four years ago.
God even I'm not that manic.
You know what I mean?
I can be pretty manic.
Believe you me.
Trust me.
Where do you know that?
Well that's just me.
You know I'm just one of those people I can be it takes us the smallest thing.
But it beat but it will be all geez you know here I go again you like that.
Just relax old man.
Just relax.
Everything is fine.
That's right.
Just pat me on the head and say all is fine.
I'm the last person.
Come to QA and hello.
Talk about public transit.
W.
Remember that guy?
QA and hello.
You remember the guy that's easy to talk about interesting things like public transit?
Oh that?
Yes sir.
I just wanted to interject the winner for tomorrow's poll if you don't mind me adding to that poll already.
Go ahead.
That people will come down and realize not all of Miami is definitely like South Beach.
Because everybody I talk to thinks that they just automatically assume that Miami is South Beach.
Oh yeah.
And then they find out it's like about a half a dozen blocks over there on the beach and the rest of the town is like a toilet city.
Exactly.
There's five blocks of naked chicks and then the rest of the toilet.
Right.
Okay well I'll figure that out.
Thanks, pal.
Thanks.
Okay the worst thing that they discover is that South Beach is only a few blocks.
How's that?
Okay.
Well is that inaccurate?
No.
Yeah well what do you know?
He doesn't sound too enthusiastic about my choice of wording there.
Does he, a Chris?
I can pretend to be.
Well don't.
Alright.
Don't start it with me.
Okay I'm in a wonderful frame of mind right now.
I'm off on vacation tomorrow one o'clock here.
I take it over out.
I'm going to do a fine job or the tapes or whatever we put up.
I bet those tapes would be really good.
Sure.
I'll put something in the QAM.
Hello.
Hey Neil how are you?
Great.
Hey I've been looking all week.
I'm surprised no one's brought this up.
Did you see the little blurb in the TV section on Sunday?
About Tom Jicke?
About what?
It doesn't have a byline but it's the radio highlight.
They got a little like a column radio highlight.
And I somehow missed that yeah.
Well the QAM it says by having his sidekick coach the show happened a week for the past several months.
Neil Rogers hardball playing must have paid off.
He's back full time now continuing to keep QAM in the black.
Well what does that mean?
I don't know.
I'm sorry.
Who works as a stupid thing is that?
George is out in the summertime every summer.
That's got nothing to do with the contract.
I don't know.
It was in the Harold.
Oh in the Harold.
Well you know in that case I would wipe some elephants butt with it.
I'll put a roll in my bathroom.
Okay thanks Polly.
In fact that's a good idea.
When you run out of toilet paper just take the Harold and just roll that baby off.
Then you get the ink all over your cheeks.
Not good.
Oh there's nothing worse than getting called inky cheeks.
Remember Jimmy Durrani inky dinky-doo?
Remember that?
What does that mean?
I sure would like to see that.
When you are by putting his sidekick on as if.
What does that mean?
If it's in the Harold you know it's full of crap.
But I've put us back in the driver's seat and back in the black.
First of all we're not in the black.
This station loses money all the time because they're a session with not any aridious show.
Sponsor.
That's right.
We don't know when they're ready.
Nobody cares about the dolphins.
They always pay too much in spite of the fact they wanted back now.
Just like Joe will across the street.
He lost his ass millions, millions on the dolphins.
That silly ass Jimmy syphilis threw forward at the game.
It was the worst.
The absolute worst.
I mean people on the street corner say,
do you ever hear Jimmy syphilis do the dolphin games?
I say, oh you've got to be kidding me.
The worst.
Just like they say in Germany.
The worst.
But I was good at that.
Browse.
Yesterday they put me right in the right frame of mind.
You know it?
For vacation.
Good.
1280 votes on the pool.
Boston is safe again.
They got the tele-tubbies.
They got the moon and I saw out of control.
What is the gayest song ever?
Village people YMCA275.
Village people Macho Man 190.
And nobody's even close to them village people.
And you want to know why D-fo lights the village people?
That's why.
What do you remember having with your friend Marvin the raw man?
He never get out yet or what?
What's the question?
The question is, wasn't he involved with D-fo and Eddie?
He was a jailer.
Well, he really think there was a serious question.
No.
No, he should have gone to jail for when he was producing my show.
Hey, this guy's the real.
And when I'm up in Boca-Tiga slapping old women with paint and lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers hair and balance one or two hours.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Zack.
Woo, woo, woo.
No one sounds crazy but she can't move and she eats.
Nicole Paz, a lighter rock star.
Paparazzi found a stone with camera.
And in pictures she looks so smart.
Ah, my god.
My god is killing animals.
She's spinning like a sphere of doom and y'all are gone.
My god is killing animals.
She's spinning like a sphere of doom.
Woo, woo, woo, woo.
She wants to get high, so high.
She wants to drink and smoke and dance there.
Oh, night.
She is a sandwich.
Real green.
Oh, yeah.
My god is killing animals.
Your hair.
Woo, woo, woo, woo.
But thank you, Steve.
One, two, and five, six.
You have our great one and two.
I never get into that super bowl business, baby.
Then we get rid of this chazurai and we get the important stuff on here, right?
From radio row?
What do you know on radio row?
Huh?
Exactly.
You don't know from radio row.
Well, what does that mean?
Radio row.
It's where all the radio stars, the only star at the end is typical.
Yes, they got a lot of stuff on here.
Right up the street there.
You can probably throw a brick from where you're sitting right now and hit a whole bunch of people in that radio row.
The US government wasted tens of millions of dollars in a macro-constructionate, including scores of unaccounted for weapons,
and never used camp for housing police trainers in an Olympic-sized swimming pool, investigators be saying.
They're quarterly audited by Stuart Bowen and Jr.
I wonder if he's kind of Joe Bowen.
These special inspectors general for rack reconstruction is the latest to paint a grim picture of waste fraud and frustration
in an Iraq war reconstruction ever that's cost-tack spare as more than 300 billion dollars left the region near Civil War.
No.
By the way, dozens more dead today and number two bombings in the Heller or wherever were Hilla.
I mean, we don't even put those stories on anymore because it's just commonplace.
It's every day of business.
The security situation in Iraq continues to deteriorate, hindering progress in all reconstruction sectors,
and threatening the overall reconstruction effort, according to the 579-page report which is being released yesterday.
Calling Iraq's sectarian violence the greatest challenge Bowen said in the telephone interview that billions, billions,
your tax dollars, how to work boys and girls, billions in USAID spent on strengthening security has had a limited effect.
Reconstruction now will fall largely on Iraqis to manage, and then are nowhere ready for the task.
The audit comes as President Bush's pressing congress to improve $1.2 billion in new reconstruction and as part of his broader plan to stabilize Iraq
by sending over 21,000 more US troops to Baghdad and bar province to be human sacrifice.
Democrats and Congress have been skeptical Virginia Senator Jim Webb has suggested that the US is spending too much on the rack reconstruction
at the expense of Hurricane Katrina rebuilding in New Orleans while California representative Henry Waxman plans in depth hearings next week in the charges of Iraq-Oisten fraud.
According to the report, the State Department paid $43.8 million to plan for active DINCorp International for the residential camp for police training personnel outside of Baghdad's odd non-Palace grounds that stood empty for months.
About $4.5 million of money was improperly spent on 20 VIP trailers and an Olympic-sized pool, alerted by the Racken Ministry of Interior but never authorized by the USA.
Well, let's go swimming to pool naked, what do you say? What a disgusting thought on my part.
US officials spent another $36.4 million for weapons such as armored vehicles, body armor and communications equipment that can't be accounted for, DINCorp also made prematurely build $18 million in other potentially unjustified costs.
Responding the State Department said in the report that was working to improve controls, already its developed a review process to project a $1.1 million DINCorp bill early this month on a separate contract because the build rate was incorrect.
A spokesman for DINCorp, Greg Lugan, did not immediately return a phone call for comment. I can't imagine why.
Bowen, whose office was nearly a limited last month by administration-friendly Republicans in Congress called spending waste in a Racken continuing problem corruption is high among Iraqi officials while US contract management ran somewhat weak.
It's like Al Martino's voice. My voice is weak. Poor Al Martino.
You cannot do like a man!
Fuck a man!
Exactly, I'm going to sit a bit of myself.
By the way, yes, something you thank you Siege for sending me this email and link.
You know those little signpost ads?
The moon and the lights?
Yeah. In the other cities where they were found now they're being auctioned off on eBay.
Yes.
The bid, which is climbing by the minute, now is up to, want to take a guess for one of them?
50 grand.
Oh no, there are 5,000 right now. 5,000 won't change.
Every time you refresh, it's up like another hundred bucks.
Woo!
And they might get to 50 grand, I've never done that.
Who would want to have his own moon and I?
You people better get there on eBay and get you your own moon and I.
Then you could moon on it.
Remember moon over Miami?
No.
I've received a lot of our people in this audience probably once upon a time did moon over Miami.
And I don't blame them.
QAM, hello.
Mail!
Yes sir.
If George is going to get into your clothes on your departure.
Yeah, I'm leaving in my snappy wardrobe when I leave.
That's correct. He's going to wear all my spandex pants.
WDQ-YM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, hello.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
I'm doing good.
All right.
You were talking about that, but after agreeing with that article, I spent two years in Afghanistan working for that company
and what they said is more than true.
It's awful.
It goes on there.
So what just know that article is very truthful.
Okay, thank you sir.
Bye.
I have a great day.
That a great life.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you had some calls today.
Yeah, I mean, some people would almost something to say.
Maybe we've turned the corner.
Maybe all these people are visiting for the Super Bowl.
They're not like the usual local locals, do you think?
Maybe.
Oh.
And then again, maybe not.
Maybe we made a gigantic recovery.
WDQ-YM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Thank you sir.
All right.
QAM.
How you doing, Neil?
I'm doing.
Listen, I got one for you.
I got a song for you.
Let me ask you something.
Are you like on another planet or something?
Where do you win in real vis-a-vis the moon?
Hello.
You sound like I'm moon tonight.
Get near that film, are you?
Are you on a speaker phone?
Yeah.
I have a speaker phone.
Just hold on a second, please.
Pick up the answer.
We get off that speaker phone, man.
God.
He's on a speaker phone.
Yes.
Hello.
A speaker phone.
Hello.
Yeah, there we go.
See what?
Now, why would you do that?
Why are you on a speaker phone?
Because I wasn't home for 50 minutes, man.
And I think I just keep trying and trying and trying to get the signal basically.
Just to let you know that I love you show.
And I got a song for you which is very, very foggy.
Yeah.
You and me don't you want me baby.
Okay.
Just to let you know that I love you show, man.
Okay, don't do that speaker phone again, man.
No, I'm not going to do it.
Okay, thanks.
Take care.
I'll repeat it.
Okay, there you go.
The human league and don't you love me baby?
Don't you love me.
Why?
So, to buy a woman singing to each other about it.
Yeah, I don't understand what's here about that.
And who knows?
Obviously the lead singer of the human league.
I hardly very gay.
It's a lot of makeup.
Yeah, let's hear a little bit of that.
About five seconds more than enough.
The moon nights are taken over America folks.
Look out.
I am making a knock.
What can you say to that?
Oh, what?
Oh, yeah.
I don't know what this guy's talking about.
Yeah, you know.
I don't know.
I mean, I see the video and the guy looks very afraid.
You know, he looks for the guy.
Yeah, it was the gays for Christ sakes.
That's for crying out loud right.
WNQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yo.
Yes, sir.
Yesterday you were talking about the restaurants.
And I was wondering what the hell happened to Dan Stacon cheese.
What the hell was that?
It was just Fort Lauderdale Dan.
They had a great Stacon cheese.
Yeah.
And they just disappeared off the map.
My bad.
So that's what probably happened to Dan Stacon cheese.
They disappeared off the map.
Damn it.
It really is flat.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Right off the incident world.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
Okay, no problem.
Do you have any idea where that was or what he's talking about?
I mean, I know there's a good Arby's where he's talking.
I think I do know where he's talking.
Like over there on E1.
Yeah, I mean, I would have asked him if it was important,
but of course, they're long gone anyway.
So what's the other differences of me?
Well, I got an idea.
Let's do a show about all the great places that aren't there anymore.
So you get so sour about that.
I have no idea why.
I didn't think it went over that well.
What do you think Chris does not?
Because he doesn't know where any of them were.
I've got news for Chris, probably,
a most amount of business.
A lot of them were dumbfounded.
Oh, that's right.
You live in Dave County.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Kable.
So sorry for you.
People live in Dave County.
You have my deepest sympathies.
Okay.
I'll pray for you.
11 past 1 at 560 WQA.
Let me just...
She Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
And now, former vice president Al Gore on Global Warming.
This is former vice president Al Gore on Global Warming.
Take it from me, the man who invented the Internet,
the man who invented the mock turtleneck,
and the man who invented the Chiapet,
the Frisbee and Chocolatie Cocoa Puffs.
We are in trouble.
People laughed at me on our first spoke of Global Warming.
But who's laughing now?
I am sick to death of hearing meteorolologists say
the weather patterns have been caused by a pneumonia,
which in Spanish means little boy.
How could a small child be responsible for changes in the world wide weather?
I've seen little boys stop Joe Pesci from rubbing their house,
but I have never seen them accurately forecast,
atmospheric abnormalities.
My innovative ideas were featured in the full-length motion picture
and titled the Inconvingant Truth.
Admittedly, it was a two-hour PowerPoint slideshow presentation,
but I have been nominated for an Oscar.
Apparently, the Academy was awestruck by my keyboard stroking.
I have already selected a prime piece of real estate on my mantelpiece for that baby.
It'll go right next to my Boy Scout of the Year award,
which I won at age 39.
The ice caps are disintegrating out of the alarming rate,
sort of like Rocco-Bomus chances of becoming Preston.
The ice sheets in Greenland are spoke of in my movie,
and the subsequent melting thereof are akin to an alineo in the sun with an alpopsicle.
People need to listen to me.
We need to release less carbon dioxide into the atmosphere,
and grow more plants and treats.
I suggest starting with marijuana,
which I personally do not smoke.
Though many people have attributed my flow and delivered speech pattern and lazy eye to being a pot hit.
Trust me when I tell you, my irritating tunnel quality and monotone delivery are inherently mine.
In conclusion, trust the word of me,
the 45th vice-president of the United States will not tell you,
should we continue on our current path?
We are screwed.
The solution for this global warming problem can be found in a lock box in my home,
in Nashville, Tumpley.
I alone possess the single key to unlock the box,
though you can get your own key,
but taking up the inconvenient truth on DVD?
Now available at Best Buy,
CircusLitty, Amazon.com,
or Ralph Snatchengrap,
located in Hendersonville, Tennessee.
I went to school with Ralph.
He used to beat me about the head and face with his metal Scooby-Doo lunch tail.
I got him back by sleeping with his wife at a key party in 1973.
And since that time, we have become fast friends.
It's time to take responsibility for the world we live in,
and stop blaming that kid from Mexico.
Former vice-president Al Gore now runs and maintains a build-of-bear workshop
at the Stone River Mall in Murphy's, Burrow, Tennessee.
He is completely crazy.
I wouldn't be surprised in a least bit if he's a closet...
And of course I have...
I would have avoided someone else than that.
Oh, what?
Yeah.
All the good genesis songs they made you play that with.
Anyhow, what do you mean they made you play that one?
They made you play it.
You didn't play that willingly, did you?
No, I did not.
Now that's probably when PDE and Tweety Bolder...
Maybe the boomer will call in and remind you about those good old Zaytadays.
That's the boomer.
He's good.
That was good to call the other day, the boomer, you know?
In fact, you notice this week, now that they know I'm leaving for a week tomorrow at one o'clock,
now all of a sudden they're being real.
The car is great.
Everybody's just real, you know?
Friendly.
He said for the 80,000, they called me an A-hole yesterday.
That doesn't bother me.
I've got some post-versal friends out there right now who I'm sure are feeling the same way.
But that's all right, I don't take it personal.
1324 votes, what is the gayest song ever?
Village People, YMCA 283, and Macho Man, Village People, 199.
Wayne, wake me up before you go go all over the seat, 1968.
Oh, I sure hate that, man.
I don't want to get too graphing now.
First of all, it's right after lunch hour and then of course, the joycel get all, you'll get her nickers in a tight wad.
Dominic QA and hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
How are you?
I'm fine.
Yes, sir, okay.
That gentleman who asked about the Dan's in Fort Lauderdale, the restaurant called Submarine Dan's.
I don't know where that was, I don't know exactly where that was.
You seem to be off the 80's Boulevard, 27th Avenue was the first one, the last one was off sunrise by the railroad track.
There was a Zinil, I'm over the one by sunrise, yeah.
There you go, and that's been gone at least five years or so.
Well, interesting stuff, we need another home depot.
So that's, I think, where they put it.
Thanks for the bad news.
Actually, I think, you know, you were kidding about, it's quite about old landmarks, but it might be the perfect conic for driving away this in town Super Bowl crowd.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, just an idea.
But listen, you take care of yourself, sir, and let me see, early happy anniversary, if I don't get to you, go ahead, March.
Thank you so much.
Have a great life, Kelly.
It's been real.
21 past one at 560 W.C.
And we got the mad dog at 2.
And then the power hour is all three of them with Henry Goldberg and Mr. Mandage between 3 and 6.
They're going to get super bowl intensive.
Forget about all this talk about restaurants and about men, what is it?
Moon and nights.
Moon and nights.
I am a unique dog.
And men and after shaving stuff like that.
Forget about that.
Let's get to the important stuff.
Super Bowl, baby, that's all anybody's talking about.
Let's get to the Bowl.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Dan Stubb is on top.
Okay, good.
We just heard it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
The gays of Gays are done by Koshaklao.
Kolo Kolo Kamelea.
No, no kidding.
Let's see.
How many votes has that got?
It's 35 or 25 votes.
I didn't do it.
I had to make a comeback.
Okay.
Have a great day, Neil.
And back to you.
See, he was on, he was not phased by the fact that I said it had 25 votes.
He was like a non-composed so we did.
You know, like, we're going to be saying that.
That's correct.
Now, what was that you were playing?
Oh, uh, ketosis.
No, forget it.
It used to be good.
I'm so sure.
Well, it wasn't our perfect, but I like older ketosis.
How about exos?
Okay.
A little of viticus.
I think you're anti-Semitic.
I'll play exos right now.
How about the theme from exos by Leon Euras?
Oh, no, see.
What is that?
The theme from, huh?
That's not what he says here.
Leon Euras wrote Exodus.
The theme from exos by, it's on word records or a book, or a book, or something like that.
Oh, I can see the label now.
I can't believe I'm stumbling.
It's so rousing.
Then, oh, then, so schmalsy, man.
It's very schmalsy.
Makes you want to go eat deli, doesn't it?
Okay.
Then, who did that?
The theme from exos by giving me a hint.
Don't say it.
F and T.
Oh, for Eddie and Titu.
All right.
What a memory, F and T. You see that?
Now, is that how you spell F and Zell?
Is that like F and Zell?
That's the part of the end.
For Eddie and Titu, they're tinkling on their kebab.
Yeah, that's the theme.
Oh, I have no idea.
You're asking me.
Yeah, that's the theme.
Are you a crazy person?
1960.
Close.
61.
What a memory, boy.
See, some people out there think my brain is like a term to jello, which, a time it does.
When I come back from vacation, my brain is going to be clear.
My attitude is going to be improved.
Life is going to be sweet.
People are going to be like pawing and clawing at me like I'm some kind of a moon of night.
You'll see.
You'll see.
All right.
WQA and hello.
QA and?
Nail?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
That theme song that you do right now, because I think it was used in the Charlton Hurston movie.
Yeah.
That was when I was playing Hercules and Samson and Abraham and Moses.
Yeah.
And Ben to her.
And when he had those blue spandex pants on too when he was playing her, he sang her.
He said, oh, yeah, I've been her.
And I believe it.
That was wonderful.
That's my favorite scene from the whole movie.
And it's right toward the end of the movie too, Fahrenheit 9-11.
Or is it, no, it's not Fahrenheit 9-11.
It's a bowling for Columbine.
Excuse me.
Got my Michael Moraflex all screwed up there.
But anyway, the scene where he's interviewing the Sena, extremely Sena, right winged the Charlton Hurston,
and making a total jackass out of him.
I like the way he suckered him in there.
You know, whips out his NRA card, you know, like his membership card.
Good boy.
Good boy.
He reads silver and pants on it.
And then, of course, we found out what a bigoted right wing slime ball of Charlton Hurston is,
is if we didn't already know that, you know.
Maybe him and Nick Sabin would have a good time together.
What do you think?
Like a talk about Kudas all day long.
Oh, man.
WQAM, hello.
Run on him.
WQAM, hello.
He was going to be really good too for his QAM, hello.
Run.
Oh, man.
Sounded like he had both a cell phone and a regular phone.
Back to the deep inside.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, hi Neil.
Yes, I am.
Hey, man, I love your show.
Why not?
What's not to like?
Nothing, nothing wrong with it.
Hey, Neil, I'm about to get some gay songs.
How about Blue Reade?
Take a walk on the wild side?
Yeah, that's a perfect existence.
And another one is Lola by the kids.
No, we never put that on there.
Somebody mentioned it and Lola by the case, you never put it on.
Right.
Okay.
And thank you so much.
Hey guys, people have a good work.
I love it.
Thanks, Pally.
I love you too.
But I'll be ready.
You ready your card.
I can't do it.
It won't go.
I'll do it.
It won't drop.
I got it.
I got it.
Bang on that thing.
Slam on it.
Take a walk on the wild side.
Blue Reade, he just died.
Blue Reade's capital records, by the way.
He just died.
Blue Reade, yeah.
He did?
He did?
Pally came from Miami, FLA.
Miami.
Hitch came and died, Blue Reade.
Oh, I hadn't heard that he died.
Flopped your eyebrows on the way.
He was raw something.
Blue Rolls just died.
He'd been.
Blue Rolls.
Blue Cross Roll.
Sylas Wooden Iron Threads.
He had to kill people, died.
Seung  on the migrate but oportunformation didn't happen.
But before he died, the dies, back to the earliest of the 
Oh damn.
catch it on 26 past 1 at QAM.
B.
As though get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Be brave
Castro
You are pretty fast
I don't care too long
You've lost the dirt
The bay of pigs should have worked
Fiddle you make me sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You are so gott
Brits you and me go
Son of a bitch
Not a master, I'll try better next time
This fall we know you like
Are you behind the striker
Where are you in 63?
Did you kill Kennedy?
Muerte, muerte, muerte, muerte, muerte, muerte, muerte
Get out now and free your nation
Are you into masturbation?
Fiddle will live the embargo
Cuba will become another key logo
USA, USA
Quit turning over apps and mods away
Los it
Keep it over, keep it over
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
Castro get out of Cuba
We just can't use ya
You've been around way too long
Castro you are pretty fast
And long you lost the bay of pigs
You've lost the dirt
The bay of pigs should have worked
Fiddle you make me sick
Get out of Cuba quick
You are so gott
Brits you and me go
Son of a bitch
This fall we know you like
Where are you in 63?
Did you kill John Kennedy?
What the hell?
What the hell?
Get that now and be your nation.
Are you in for my salvation?
You'll live the empagot.
You'll be a willy come and have a kiloago.
You are safe.
You are safe.
Wretched all the grass and boats away.
Lucy.
Lucy.
Adios.
Adios for the Alarm.
Where were you here than?
Iben mattress.
All of the ventilation in there.
Winded all over they's located on it.
Why is that?
They did not think I would be scary?
The same for Tay kahh.
I'll do that waterfalls tonight.
Another job is having a companion.
He roams onto the bridge.
The guidelines agreed that they,
keep a keep a yankin' out going back to it. 1349 votes on the pool and the
village people got a hands down your pants. No, not even point looking at
is there? See that's not a good pool when there's no point looking at the
result. Now what are you what are you? Oh it's over here facts. Faxing on that
brand new facts machine that I know that brand old one. How about the brand new old
one? Still not hooked up? No. That's pretty that's pretty embarrassing. Maybe by
the time you get back from vacation. I doubted. 5670560, what are calls today and I
think yesterday too we had actually some call including the very first one
yesterday. Remember that guy like a real human being? He was giving me a
song of dance about some restaurant. Remember that? Yes. We're doing restaurants now.
But that we I got more than enough of this. I still think Morton's is fine.
You know if anybody don't like Morton's steakhouse well you know it's just to
the wayco somebody just find it. Yeah that's right. Biscayne and 173rd. I think I can handle that.
5670560, 0560, 0560, the Verizon singular wireless line WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Neil. Yes sir. Hey what's up? You got low on your list? Yeah we just stuck it
on there so it's about 18 people mentioned it and we didn't put on will just
now. Okay one other thing what about walk this way I mean I love
you're a Smith but when that kind of weird? Yeah weird not gay just weird okay.
Walk this way. We're talking about walking that way you know switch with it like
that ponytail thing.
I remember that ponytail time playing a long time in the season two.
How's it about? What? Who's he doing? Walk this way.
Pervy Daning Gay says boys keep swinging by David Bowie. That'll have that
particular David Bowie song. Oh well too bad. Excellent song though and went
number one to Europe says Carl and Stuart and PS had a great vacation here.
Yeah that's that's what I'm gonna be getting tomorrow. 10 to 1 they should be
always have had a great vacation Neil. I beg your pardon. Wouldn't that be nice if
people have were nice to me wanted to pat me on it. I said hey I have a great
time over there wherever you're going across the pond Neil have a wonderful
time. Whenever you're sweet thing that would be but I'm just not a sweet old
guy. Sometimes I can be a real pain in the ass and real hard ass and that's okay.
It's just me being me. I don't apologize or maybe I will apologize. I'm sorry for
being me. Anybody buying it? No I'm not either. W.A.M. Hello. Yes Neil what about
that tune? I will survive. You know that glory of gain or wouldn't surprise me if
that's on there already. I will survive. Somebody mentioned by the thing we put
around it. Did we George? No I don't think we did. I think we'll have that
moment singing about a guy leave it. Oh well sure get by. 1354 votes. Yeah you're
right it's not a gay song but it is a disco song and it's a gay thing. It's
not like a girl leaving a guy what are they? Yeah well what's gay about that? Well
maybe maybe a guy left to her for a guy. That could be gay. You're right it's not
all we associated with being in of course then we get in the same problem with
a lot of these people in the audience and think because the theme might be
considered you know let's get with it. Let's understand the deal. You understand
it? No. No. And what's the difference is make when you come right down right
again. It kills it kills a pole you know that's all it's for. It kills a
bit of time and of course today we're letting them build the pole but we haven't
done one of those in a long long time. Oh man that's good I'm so happy we
haven't W.A.M. Hello. Yes I want for your pole. Yes. How about Marvin your
hair? Yeah Marvin your hair. Yeah that was pretty gay. W.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M.
No. Yes. What was that song that went something like get them up old? It's
isn't great. Oh I'm so tired of you man I'm so tired of you I remember
Susan by the Buckingham's though that guy is so boring you know. He's got his
own inside joke nobody in the world has got any idea what he's talking about.
Nobody cares and that's him that's you. Your terminal man you are what
South Florida's all about. Too bad I had a dump I didn't have to but I just
throw it like it. Yeah because it always been a Sunday a personal message. Yeah
it's just something bitch that he's pissed off at or whatever it hold is. Listen
don't don't confuse all these broads in your life too bad they probably
spelt you man and then they probably got windia. I don't blame them. 20 till 2
at Q.A.M. we get really a super bowl intensive it too. God. I don't mean a lot of
things I say. I always think the way things I'm gonna show. I just come up with them
on my own.
think about where is the bracelet around our neck.
What color are your headboards? I love them very much.
or videos of sex. People keep asking about the sex scene.
There will even be retards buying her old master cards. Paris on the
well. You can get her panty ho.
I'm gonna sit there.
I'm gonna sit there on Paris X-Fo. There's good naked and bad naked.
And for all you Paris nerds. I love her.
Virtues her medical record. We're gonna do a magical honor. Don't you come on
bluff they really buy this crappy stuff.
Harris on the well.
We're not eBay. Oh my God. How lucky are we. Well there you go if you can't get the
moon night on a pair on eBay you can always get Paris with the runs over. The thing was called Paris has the runs.
And of course it looks like it and smells like it.
144 that's one of the most disgusting things on the face of the girl. This her is that bitch.
She just gives me spiel keys.
Daniel Patrick Welch on the Smirking Chimp Rites. Everything old is new again.
Our generation's golf at all. It is about to drag us further into endless war.
Thanks for the good news Daniel. Did you hear that? I heard it.
I'm putting my mother into bed in the high priced the high pitch urgency of NSNBC's
disjust in crisis reporting cuts through the evening comm. Same on CNN. I'm even bothered to check the other channels.
Iran we are being told is to blame for the carbol attack.
We've always been a war with East Asia. I can't believe it's happening so neatly, so on cue,
and so cutely bundled and such a familiar package.
There is absolutely nothing credible about anything that comes out of Iraq either through the administration of the mainstream press.
War where we Americans who spoke loudly and clearly about the question of war war are known suckers for official lies.
In the aftermath of the Cold War, too long term adversaries were actually nostalgic about their government's respected propaganda.
Yes, but the difference of the Russian is that you people believe yours.
And now having been lied to by a stream of shameless governments, having swallowed their leaders crap about our destiny and greatness
is it even possible to imagine that we're going to let ourselves get sucked in again?
Aside from the shrinking of the press echo chamber, tonight the other irrelevant headlines have been included report that the US is forced to attack Iran from Bulgarian bases
or that a US Navy strike group is stinging through the Suez Canal that joined the general build-up of US forces in the Middle East.
The Guardian reports that Bush is spawning for a fight with Iran. He's spoiling for it.
Leave aside the fact that the US government recently tried to fund a project that admitted admitted mind you to planning fake news stories to achieve national policy ends,
this of course will be an addition to Merriott Black Ops projects tonight over the years.
Never mind that the Israeli right wing has been openly clamoring for war with Iran, leaking stories about how it was prepared to go it alone.
Don't compare the timing of this story with the pending albeit non-binding anti-escalation resolution now being prepared or rigorous debate in Congress, that's in quotes.
Just look at Chinese smog untouchable smirking faces he tells Wolf Blitzkrieg that Congress won't stop us, even as Scooter Libby is throwing everyone in his blackberry under the bus.
Do pay attention to the Blitzu, this complete inability performance junction is a function as a journalist, that is very bad sign.
Also notice the $10 billion joint project announced between Iran and a Spanish concern for an development of energy resources and the wealthy billion dollar arms and energy agreements Iran already has with Russia and China.
Are the Neocons completely crazy? Never mind we already know the answer.
And what's out there is wrong with us, are we really going to let ourselves be lied in the end of another war a much bigger one with a much more dangerous opponent with even farther reaching consequences?
The answer seems to be, yes, the Democrats and the press will not save us from this one, they didn't before they won't know.
They ran on the game and they'll do nothing without an enormous show. The fact that they're getting ready to debate a toothless solution while the ships are sailing is chillingly out of touch.
Our lives and our future are at stake and they're looking for sound bites.
The May the USA tender boxes unstable and about to blow and the world profitiers and their puppets lighting the fuse have no concern for us.
The enormous and dangerous forces against that means only more war, more contracts and more profits.
There's no way the world is going to sit back and let the US have its way with world energy resources without a fight and we stand one that we're being dragged into a virtual armageddon.
The anti-war movement made a good show this weekend demanding an end to the Iraq war. It'll be too little too late unless the people wake up and demand a halt to the war already underway against Iran.
Sounds really promising doesn't it?
Yes, that's me. You know, I must do depression. Oh, gee, Neil, you can show me. How about this moon and ice, baby?
I am a Nicknark. There's something a lot more uplifting. Let's hear that one more time because there's one logical response.
I am a Nicknark. Oh, there he is. Look at this. Oh, man. Boston, what a lot of bad things you got the moon nights on to lose there.
And now researchers think sentid oils that are found in some shampoo's soaps and lotions can cause temporary breast growth in young boys, but only in rare cases.
A preliminary study released yesterday said the oils appeared to disrupt the boys hormonal balance.
The federally funded study comes from the University of Colorado and asked national and student health and has been ported in the latest edition of the England Journal of Medicine.
Three boys ages four, seven and ten developed the condition by using product containing lavender and tea tree oils.
All three were normal again when they stopped using the product with the natural oils.
Hormonal experts advise parents to consider the possible risk your sons are going to get big boobies, baby.
But because the condition appears to be rare and temporary, they're not suggesting a ban on sales.
Sentid oils, whatever, whatever that means.
Lavender and teacher, well, lavender is offered.
Sure. Yeah.
Fits right in with our folder when using that.
Oh.
So many problems, man. It's so little time. You know it.
WQA and hello.
Yes. Yeah. Sometimes I get there for a minute. I apologize.
No problem.
The deal of the song that I was thinking of is, all we are asking is give war a chance.
Yeah. Okay.
WQA and hello.
QA and hello.
Hello. Who are you?
Yes.
I don't know about fake songs, but I know do you ever watch the FX channel?
FX wants to do a great while. I don't think I got it here. No.
There's a show that replaced Nip Talk with Calc Dirt. George probably watches it.
What would you say that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's the 10 o'clock.
It was a pretty good, funky going on that show the other night.
I don't know if you might want to check it out. Two good nights at 10. FX.
Okay. Well, thank you so much, whatever that is.
I was waiting for real world Denver on on MTV. That's what I want.
I want to see the one that keep promoting.
And you'll be pleased to know what's the toastie minus three Celsius, baby.
It's like almost 30.
20s. Like minus two is 20. So about 27 degrees. Not bad.
I'll run a murky side. No, no.
Are you important?
I said, not bad at all. Not bad. I got no complaints.
No complaints, baby. And then of course, George will be on a one-demar.
I got basically three hours, three hours and eight minutes and a few seconds.
So they go before this vacation starts.
Oh, God. I hope it's really wonderful.
You know what?
I hope wonderful things happen to me on this vacation.
Me too.
Do you?
And so does Chris.
That way, isn't he?
You do?
Yes.
So they come back in a much more and a better frame of mind.
You know what's sort of being so like spastic.
Slap it.
I would admit the last couple of months have been very spastic.
And it's unfortunate. And the fallout just goes in every direction.
I've been spastic, man. Although I'd rather be spastic than plastic.
Right?
Or let's get plastic.
Well, those phones are doing some strange bizarre, you know what I mean?
Big and a spastic.
Strange and a spastic.
Q.A. and hello.
The tail.
Yeah.
Glad to talk to you.
Yes, sir.
When George laughed.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
W.Q.A. and hello.
Q.A. and.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
That's good.
You know, Jack Orkheimer was warning us about the full moon this weekend over Miami.
Yeah.
Well, he knows about the moon.
Right, though.
Let me tell you about Miss Orkheimer.
She knows it.
Yeah.
And listen on songs.
Remember that one?
Muscrat, love or something like that?
Something like the whole no rat under water.
Yeah.
I think it was Senator Muske.
Okay.
All right.
Wow.
Like you said, what do you say just before that call?
Something very perspicacious.
1370.
Now, we could have made 14 today of Chris would have really leaned on it.
But when you're that fat, it's hard to lean on it.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
It won't happen again.
Deist song ever.
Village People, YMCA290.
Macho Man 204.
And wake me up before you go go all over the floor.
173.
It's me.
I don't know why I'm in town.
Dracos and fear.
I have five six old WQL.
Yeah.
You're fairly medents.
Life seems, seems we sing.
Like we're a sea.
But we're a sea.
We must tell you.
We swear we're not gay.
If you want, these outfits to class, they would take your ass.
We got less.
We swear we're not gay.
We look like candy, a designer.
We sing light up, but you're pretty whilers.
We're a stray.
Our agent says we gotta say.
We swear we're not gay.
Our biggest fans, our swell, we're old girls.
We think we're as cute as them be.
Yeah.
But as they get older, they all feel it out.
We're hiding our latency.
We swear.
One thing is for sure we get many joys.
Me too.
Was it close on the delicate cycle?
No to do us a shit with your smile.
But today we think that we have better sex.
We swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
Bye, bye, bye.
