Full of scotty, a fool's sake, will have nothing left to say.
I'm kind of a ass, work with alphonse, I'll wait you're that even a stun major
Will finally smoke these wounds cigars, and forks in albana will drift
When they played in those pre-19th century cars, when three thousand fell,
Elf the abrochamonista, for me, every day, Monday, for Sunday,
Oh, just like Saturday, he can't date, no more his ugly face, on Canal Benzitri.
Oh, that's him scowler, man, he was the best, you got to admit it, not the best, but I mean, he's damn good.
Right. Maybe for best.
Well, right after Book of Bruning, guitarman, of course, of course, local band.
And KJ, forks.
Ten over to the 560, everybody, cue him, happy Monday, June 11th, boy, am I in a good mood today?
You want to know why? Because this is the week that is.
I'm not going to come on up, baby.
Oh, that's getting close to vacation. What you know, you had your vacation for this year, so I guess you're screwed in tattooed.
Georgia's back.
One of those things, which were happy to have you back, but boy, Josh Chakorta sure gave us a lot of material last week.
I understand that.
There were some of those faxes laying around when I came in here this morning.
And Book can't forgive us, so some good material too on Friday.
Yeah, him and I heard that story.
Who, let me say it again, does not belong on the air.
Let me just make it very clear. It's got nothing to do with race.
It has nothing to do with the color of his skin.
It has nothing to do with anything other than the fact he is not a broadcaster.
But like I said, we got the jockocracy and jolly joe Bell called me Friday at 2 o'clock.
And he said, you made a really good point.
They said, what was that? He said, he was telling me how dumb Book can't per was.
I said, oh, I know that.
He didn't say how dull he was, but at any rate.
I said, you made a really good point.
And what was that? I said, he said that, Mandage and Joe Rosa, the only two ex-jocks in the market who belong on the air.
I said, yeah, well, anybody could tell that.
I mean, even George knows that.
George, who knows nothing about sports, who hates spectators sports like poison,
who hates people talking about it even 100 times worse, even George could tell you that.
And there are only two people to get any numbers and have any sponsors and have any following.
There are only two ex-jocks.
Most ex-jocks are inarticulate at best, some are illiterate, and they don't belong under radio or on television.
I mean, is Shannon Sharp? No. No.
That is Shannon Sharp. Right, Chris, not Sterling Sharp. I get them confused.
Yeah. And I fell on it. I mean, he can't speak.
Obviously, I'm nitpicking there. Why should somebody who's on talk and making sounds with their mouth be able to speak?
But nevertheless.
So anyway, I get to call from my jolly Joe on Friday at 2, telling me, oh, well, Bookcampers, I'm going to talk to him.
And then he winds up giving him my number.
Gives him my phone number. Now, I don't know about you. George and I have discussed this many times over the years.
I would say 30,000 times. I'm not one of those people that's big on somebody giving my phone number to anybody else.
Unless they ask, you know, if Joe would have said to me, would it be okay if I gave Bookcamper your phone number, your cell phone number,
so that he could call you and apologize and yada yada yada. I would probably say, uh, I don't know what I would have said.
He would have said, no. Oh, but he went ahead and did it any well.
Well, you would have said no, thank you.
Ice morning at wood by and Saturday morning.
What a couple of grand. Come home and all of a sudden my thing starts vibrating in my Blackberry too.
It's phone call. Now, I look at the number. I didn't look familiar to me.
And I said, hello, and it's Kim Bo Camper on the phone apologizing and going on and on.
And well, yo, he asked a couple other people. Let me tell you right now who the people in the wood pile are.
Okay. I didn't even want to say what word in the wood pile. That toast. He held me toast pretty soon, just like that show will be very soon.
See, OJ McDuffie didn't hear it because he couldn't have heard it because I didn't say the C word.
I didn't say, cool on the air.
And I said to Mo Camper, I said we've worked like probably 10, 15 years together.
Do you really think that I would call somebody that on the air? Well, I didn't hear it myself, but I asked a couple other people.
You know, a couple other people, meaning toast number one.
And the Robert who told us that he didn't hear it. And he couldn't have heard it because I didn't say it.
And then come to find out he's one of the people who claim, oh, yeah, I heard it.
According to certain people, I mean, it's like a kindergarten. Like kids in a sandbox.
Childish. The only problem being that, you know, it's my livelihood that's sitting in a balance there.
It might be childish to them, but it's my livelihood, sitting in a balance in my credibility.
Let me say it again. What I said is we are doomed. We are doomed.
If we continue putting people who don't belong on the air, on the air, we are doomed.
What words did you say? That's it.
Anyway, here's the poll from mine. And there's no point in carrying on about it because I said I've accepted his apology,
which at the moment, you know, I would say anything, you could get him off the phone because he was going on and on about,
oh, Jay's a good friend of mine. And he did be a big favor because Kenny bailed out the last minute.
We had somebody come in. Well, you know something, if that's the best we can do,
then we ought to shut the damn thing down to several hours a day.
Wouldn't you think we'd have some other people in reserve that we could put on some real broadcasters like maybe the Crowley or Lewis.
You're not asking that question. I'm not.
Yeah, I'm not. If they talk sports, they're good. Period.
Not. Well, you're the poll on Friday. This was kind of amusing.
Give him a chance to take a real good shot at me. That's okay. That seems to be the deal now before I get my nice summer schedule coming up in my nine days vacation.
I'll ride. And when I come back from vacation, it is the summer schedule.
George Monday, Wednesday and Friday. We ought to have Eric put that up.
Well, look, it is every summer on the website. So people know what's going on.
And they know they can tune in for George Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Then Tuesday and Thursday, I'll be around. I'll be here just to, you know, just for the hell of it.
Actually, I should demand that I get the whole summer off. That's the way it was the first couple of years, remember?
Yeah, and tapes though. It was tapes. It was me and tapes.
And the reason that we got those good numbers, like remember that first summer we had an eight to was because of the tapes. That's what Craig said.
And that's what Bill Tanners said.
What? Well, you're not Tanners type. I know my type. I know what I'm an adult.
Matching her face to the voice, the first time I saw what Neil looked like blank, 1892 votes over the weekend.
He looked just how I imagined he would, 474. Well, I'm so pleased.
He looked worse than what I imagined, 321. I laughed, 292. He looked better than what I imagined, 146.
And here's my, this could be my favorite choice on any pull we've ever done. I was horrified. 143.
I was horrified. I was mesmerized. 142, which I think is equally ludicrous.
I was pleasantly impressed. 86. Well, easy to impress. I guess I was smitten 69.
Uh-oh. I still have no clue what it looks like. 65. And I was disappointed. 64. I'm so sorry to disappoint.
And those idiots who say I still have no idea what it looks like. Like I said on Friday, how's that possible that you're voting on our website?
And there's like 6,000 pictures of me on there. And they still don't have any idea what it looked like. Believe me, don't look at them. You don't want to know.
So there's the result. We're doing a Fidel. That's why I played that Skylar thing at the start today. We're doing a Fidel pull.
Now here's Charlie B who last week, all of a sudden became. I guess Charlie wants to be a major character on the show.
Not just a pull guy, which there's a couple of other polls he sent in there. Thanks Charlie. You're okay, my book.
But now he's a regular chronic on my space. And he's he sent this in this morning.
10 other things. OJ and Bo camper thought Neil said before they settled on Cooom.
This is from Charlie B. To the moon, Alice to the moon. Name that tune. See you real soon.
Room, room. Look Norman, the looms. I dropped a spittoon in my room. It go boom.
I sure love that summer schedule in June. Amen to that. That being cross me sure could crew.
I think I'm going to swoon and zoom, zoom, zoom. He what a drive zone dot com. He's not fooling me.
Do me. Yeah. You're not. You know, you're picking on Charlie. You know, I love Charlie.
I'm not fooling you. Where would be with out of. He'll sell the else sentence of nasty stuff on my space and get right in your face.
If you don't want to. We're buds. Yeah. Are you really? No. No. I appreciate it. Here's the poll for today.
And the way was going this morning, I think we get to 1000 Chris. You got to stop worrying about that. And it's that time of the year.
Now it's definitely dog days now. A lot of people gone on vacation and stuff like that, even though George is close personal friend brand
and who hates Josh like crazy. He's another one. He's on vacation, but he's on my. He's I aming this morning already.
So you know, of course, to show you they can't stay away. At least some can't stay away when finale finally dies blank.
707 on there. I'm not Cuban. I couldn't care less. 492. That's almost 70%. Not Cuban couldn't care less about Fidel.
If he croaks, if he lives, if he's a gaz of bad ball movement, we don't care. 492. I'm Cuban. And I couldn't care less. 44.
I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba. 37. I'll be so grief-stricken. How will I ever go on? 25.
See, one good thing about Charlie's pool today. The choice is just to read the poll takes about a half an hour. So that's good.
I'll read it four times and go home. I'll light a Cuban cigar at 23. That's what I voted. Of course, I can light one any day.
I want anyhow because I can buy all the Cuban cigars and any other kind of cigars right here.
I'll drink a Cuban cafecito or eat a Cuban sandwich 19. A cafecito? Is that like a little, that's right, a little coffee.
Like the espresso. I see. I'll set a dumpster or some tires on fire 18.
Hell, I'll put the house up for sale and move to Cuba 11. I'll play a Cilla Cruz CD 10.
I'll stock my car in the middle of a bridge 9. I'll join a street procession and blow my horn constantly 7.
I'll fire a gun to the ear 6. So I meant the safe. I'll burn an effigy if it L3 and I'll fly a Cuban flag 3.
Oh enough of that would a Cuban flag our way please. That gets a lot of people are very angry, very fired up and pissed off.
So we got 760 votes out of the days. We'll get to 1000, Christom. Don't sweat it.
There is a schedule for today. Two better than morning shows going off pretty soon.
Mad Dog at the Finns Golf Tournament 2. Power Hour with Hank and the Mad Dog 4.
If I by the way Hank was on taking up a big part of my screen from the Belmont on Saturday.
That was one of the great races I've ever seen in my life and I'm sitting here in these two.
I'm talking to two people I don't even know who's in the race. Am I right?
I knew that one of them was. I mean, you didn't watch it though.
And George, he would go out of his way not to watch it. That's one of the best horse races I've ever seen in my life.
And the Philly won, rags through riches, edges of curl and destruction, a thrilling stretch duel.
Probably the best since between a firmden Allardar way back in 78.
That's like saying that's the most exciting patch of grass I ever watched grow.
It was a great horse race, okay? And next time Dave Johnson calls in, which he didn't call Friday and that somebody's fault.
Not probably not. Probably George's fault.
But at any rate.
It was a great horse race.
And then Hank got really surely in testy with the goofball host.
I can't think what that guy's name is. It was hosting on the SP and he's really boring.
But anyway, he was saying, oh, well, the horse that wanted it more won the race and Hank said,
I don't buy that horse that won it more.
You know, she was getting five pounds allowance and blah, blah, blah.
At a boy, Humper. Stick it to him, baby.
And you lose an outfit to why you're at it.
Anyway, he'll be on with the mad dog with the power hour at four.
Hank's solo five to seven dolphins all asses seven and nine.
And then give that with it a kid nine o'clock tonight.
Yeah.
Come on.
D-A-Y.
As you see, K-S.
I was attacked by the Pokemon.
He wasn't named my friend Boonjab.
Oh, no, I don't feel safe in India.
Oh, I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab.
Thank you, my friends.
Thank you, my friends.
Ten, eighteen, five, sixty WQM.
So that whole episode from Friday, as far as I'm concerned, it's, uh, it is what it is, you know.
When you're using the people who are like, we wouldn't like that.
But I'm glad that the Kempisave designed a apology for right there at the ass end of the show, you know.
But whatever that means.
I guess that was so that I would hear it for sure, you know.
He already went on Saturday on my cell phone on and I, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I said, okay, apology accepted, Kim.
And I should have said, bye.
Click. And I like that.
It's just a pathetic that there's this whole, there's a fraternity of X-Jaw.
Most of whom, uh, have a collective IQ who put into a thimble, have room for the Chinese army left over.
And it's, it's very sad.
It's what Kostal many years ago called the Jococrisium.
And then these are the people that have taken over broadcasting anything that might even remotely have to do with sports.
And some things that don't even have to do with sports.
But nevertheless, what could be more important?
Who could be more of an expert on anything in the world than somebody who wants to reward Jostrat and took naked showers with a bunch of other guys?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, it's an expert.
And then of course, you know, you didn't even get into the, I didn't even raise the issue of all the homophobic comments about hiding, you know, in Toronto, any challenges made to come down there and say it right to OJ's face.
And I would say what I said, yeah, of course, yeah, I'd be more than happy to say that we're doomed or anything else that I said to anybody's face.
And the suggestion that I say stuff because I'm doing a show from Toronto that I wouldn't say down there.
I mean, it's just ludicrous.
Is the show any different? Do I say any different kinds of things about people here than I would there?
No, well, you say a boot and A a lot now.
Yeah, right.
Up yours A.
This is a really interesting story speaking of people and things and animals to get around.
A bass at Hound that disappeared from its California home in December has been found 430 miles away in Arizona.
The dog named Fred was found by an employee Wednesday in the parking lot of the second chance center for animals in Flagstaff.
The next morning, I maybe was hitchhiking.
The next morning, staff members were the shelter Friday, microchip and Fred that let him figure out he was registered at the Riverside County Riverside County Animal Control.
The shelter contacted Fred's speechless owner on Friday.
He was speechless.
Just like I was on the speech, just when I heard people accusing me of calling somebody a coon on the radio.
You know, the only time I ever used that word, when we talk about stupid expressions, I've said, you know, how about the thing about having heard from so and so on a coon's age, which has nothing to do with race by the way?
I don't even know what it does have to do with. It's just a stupid expression, right?
Yeah, it's a southern thing, I reckon.
Is that what it is? A southern thing?
I hear it the same.
Oh, then I'll get accused of saying that thing again, too. Yeah, I said, thank.
The other said Fred disappeared after she moved to Riverside in December.
She didn't know how we could have ended up in Flagstaff.
Like I said, he may have been hitching a ride.
Like with Vanity Fair hitching a ride.
I got to hear some more, but I don't want to hear that. I don't like that song.
Paul Fink, about a nerdy nephew Flagstaff, showed him an apprile that was offered to fly the dog home to his family.
Was that nice of him?
Marie White of the...
Oh, there it is. Hitching a ride. Vanity Fair in a medley of their big, sman.
Is that Chad? Then...
Is that the year?
I would like to like bust this record with me in the head.
Excellent talk up by the two of us, Father. That's an easy one.
Can't talk to that song up, you can't talk no song up.
Hitching a ride, okay, it's enough of that crap.
741 on the pool. I think you're pretty safe with a thousand of them.
I would normally have this time of the show with a pretty mediocre number like that.
I'd say, I don't know. Now we got this one.
We got it in the bag. It's in the sack. It's in the box.
So, as you'd need to one of your saw that race on Saturday, that's a shame.
Yeah, I'm sure.
That's something... Well, what do you mean, yeah, I'm sure it was a great horse race, man.
Here's the Philly on the outside and the heavily favored coat along the rail.
And they're down the stretch. They come, as they would say.
They know as to know as, and the Philly pulls away wins by...
I wouldn't have been pulled away, but one stuck ahead in front of the wire.
And wins the race.
And I don't give a crap that she was carrying five less pounds.
He stumbled, come out of the gate. She gave him several length handicapped bread at the beginning,
and still circled the field and won in a dramatic stretch run.
It was a great film, thank God.
And by the way, Brent Mausburgie, you know, look a day over a hundred.
Boy, he's looking really long in the two.
That was one of the worst telecasts I have ever seen of a triple crown race in my life.
That was... It sucked. The microphone's kept now functioning, and it was just it blew, man.
It was almost like joy. It blew.
With a thunderous rumble in the crowd of dust and smoke, it's the lone ranger.
Oh, I'm sorry. This is nothing funny about this. It's more dead soldiers.
A suicide car bomb brought down a section of a highway bridge south of Baghdad yesterday,
killing three more US soldiers, and wounding six from a checkpoint yard
in the crossing and blocking traffic out of Iraq's main north-south artery.
That brings the total of dead American soldiers to 3,509, 3509.
And the number keeps going up in chunks.
It just keeps going up more and more and more and more.
And people are riding in the snow.
Anybody all whipped up to a friend.
No.
What does that have to do with Paris Hilton?
You know, in a terrible way that they dragged her off in handcuffs
and her screaming and carrying on like a petulant child.
And mama, mama, mama.
What a nasty needle nose bitch.
And you people in the media.
What have I told you for a long time?
This is the reason that the world is in the shape of it is today because the American media.
The media is sick and it's not bad.
Absolutely correct the bitch.
I mean, it's pathetic.
And Brian Williams writes in the blog, and they were talking about this the other day,
on his personal blog.
Well, we're not going to be talking about the Paris Hilton on NBC News tonight.
That's for sure.
And the second or third story on NBC News that very evening was Paris Hilton taking back to jail.
Why should anybody care about that bitch?
They made such a thing on Friday and look just like the OJ thing all over again.
And the paparazzi are all over that sheriff's car and they're like all over it.
Like, think I enjoy, they're racing up the road after it.
And when the cameras are following the car, oh, Paris Hilton is handcuffed inside that car.
Who cares?
Fry her ass for all I care.
Now, here's something that belongs in the slamer.
This story just makes me want to gag.
I don't want to get you depressed.
Although George is going to do at least two hours on the soprano's finale.
Oh, yeah.
Let me know where.
So you've been watching that all along.
Thank God I know what that into it was.
Because then I'd have been all whipped up too about how crappy they ended it.
I'm a killer.
I'm all upset.
Like you.
And I'm not the least bit upset.
I'm a happy camper this morning.
Yeah, well, look at that.
Had a good day of wood blind Saturday morning.
Then I had a nice call from Kimba Bo camper.
I said, it said, hey, Kim, how'd you get this phone number?
My blackberry, my cell phone, Kim.
Oh, well, I think Joe Bell gave it to me.
Joe, quick give it up my phone number.
Okay, two like dumb bows or anybody else.
Port St. Lucie.
And by the way, Greg and Port St. Lucie, who sent that long facts.
Remember Chris, he sent the facts on Friday?
Yes.
Then he sent an application to be a friend or friend request on my space.
It got turned down so fast by yours truly.
You couldn't even blink.
In a heartbeat, I click on that.
No button reject.
Deny decline.
Bye bye.
Go away, Greg and Port St. Lucie.
A 10 year old boy reportedly weighing only 35 pounds was taken from medical treatment
after being found knocking on door Saturday evening asking for food.
This by the way is a Haitian family.
I say.
Well, they're used, I guess a lot of Haitian people are used to not living on too much food.
The boy's mother, 37 year old, Kaleen Dion Marie Auguste of the 900 block, well, the
mechanic difference what the addresses, was arrested on the charge of felony child neglect.
The State Department of Children and Families took custody of the six other minor children
in the home according to the Port St. Lucie police.
Auguste is being held at the St. Lucie County jail on 150 grand bail.
The 10 year old's weight is less than half the normal weight of a boy is aged.
According to St. Lucie, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, none of the other
children appeared to be malnourished, but he spoke to him in Robert Vegas and said, maybe
they just didn't like him.
All the kids were on the slender side, but none of the kids appeared to be malnourished.
Malnourished was a beggar who had a children reportedly were home in school.
He said Auguste who has pregnant has a total of nine children, so number 10 is in the
oven.
According to Vega, about 7.30 pm Saturday, a woman 900 block of Southwest Cornelia Avenue
answered a knock on her door to find a young boy asking for food.
The boy was filthy and disheveled with matted hair.
The woman started feeding the boy, then called 9-11.
The boy allegedly climbed out of a window at a gust home and went to the neighborhood looking
for food.
Vega said when officers spoke to the boy, he told him different stories including he
had been living in the woods and backyard and that his name was Mike Tyson.
Wow, based on his dehydrated malnourished condition, the officer called an ambulance and the
boy was transported to the St. Lucie Medical Center and then taken to hospital in Palm Beach
County.
In the meantime, police received a call from Auguste saying her 10-year-old kid was missing.
The officer responded to that call and informed Auguste that her boy was in the hospital.
The officer said he found no food in the refrigerator freezer or pantry at the home.
The home was reportedly cleaned but had little furniture and no food, kind of like hangs house.
That slim thing ain't working for him though.
According to Vega, the mother said the extremely thin boy had been living in Haiti with his father
who dropped him off at her house in that condition about four weeks earlier.
Auguste reportedly said the boy hadn't been able to hold any food down since that time.
The officer said Auguste reportedly has no medical insurance to not seek medical attention
for the boy.
She's being held at the St. Lucie County jail, like I said, 150 grand baht.
I'll stick her ass in there with the Paris.
Do you think?
Vega.
Brother.
10-year-old kid was 35 pounds.
See, one thing about people, you know, that anybody can make babies.
Anybody can make a baby unless, of course, they're gay.
Well, not gay.
And even that, look how it worked out for Rosie and that, uh, a guy friend of hers.
They're making babies.
And, uh, for what then, Chinese kid?
What's Mary Cheney?
I left out Dick Cheney because his, his pacemaker, he only needs a new battery.
So we got, we got the alert out for Sally Fitzsive.
We can find Sally, we can probably find some of batteries.
See where of exploding balls.
Oh, say, can you see?
My coyotes flashed light across the border today, as the minotemen were shooting.
Drove ten guys in one car through the desert of my, to the protest remarks.
But they just thought we were looting.
And the farms were over.
The fruit was waiting for us there.
Give us some nasty lights and we'll pay our fair share.
Cause it does not understand the English you say.
Give our break.
Oh, he, my me.
Are we saying another way?
1034, 26 before, I mean, I need to, so we've been there to you.
It's everyone's so on.
So anyway, I guess we got to get to the sopranos.
Okay.
Vince, her, her you, she in the salt like tribunes got one of the best.
And I have no opinion cause I never watched it from the beginning.
And even chicken, I remember he sent me all the episodes.
This was right time ago.
That's all I got started.
He said this is great.
You got to watch it again the whole first season.
And I tried watching the first one and I watched it for about 10, 50 minutes.
And I thought, oh, this is really weak.
I didn't like it.
Okay.
And you're saying, oh, like sarcasticly.
I didn't like it.
And I'm glad I didn't like it because I would have hate to have invested all that time.
And then come to last night with the finale and gotten the big left down.
And what I'm hearing is fiery ports from...
Prankton.
And others is that the within minutes after it ended, all the message boards and all the internet was just a wash with hysteria and pissed off and it's from viewers.
The page chills are making all the rounds saying, oh, there was no mixed feelings at all.
At all.
Really?
Yeah, everyone hated it.
Pist off and found out.
Everyone.
Death.
Oh, here's another poll.
Now, let's see.
It says, lots of time and research went to this one.
The most underrated 70s era rock band.
Paul and Syracuse sent this.
Well, thanks, Paul.
I'll take a puke at...
I'll look at it in a minute.
So, anyway, this is the article by Vince Horuci in the Salt Lake Tribune.
He says, warning...
This review of the final episode is Flutter with Spoilers.
If you haven't seen the series, finitely broadcast last night, don't read it.
Oh, okay.
Thanks, sir.
I'm sorry, Vince.
Well, listen to it and then you'll find that G-R-S-O-L.
There would have to have been something to spoil for the spoilers.
Oh, spoil anything.
It says, in the end, there was no end.
That's it.
After weeks of desperate speculation about how one of television's greatest dramas were going
to conclude its six-season run, it turns out the sopranos was need to go out with a bang
or went for it just going out like thin air.
But to finitely broadcast Sunday night at the HBO, we'll have fans talking for weeks.
The tumultuous life of New Jersey mobster Tony soprano has involved countless mafia
killings, backstabbing, political maneuvering, and unsuspected family deaths.
What he'd get whacked would one of his children be gunned down?
Would he go into the federal witness protection program or would he simply go to jail?
As if a gag leveled at the viewers created David Chase finally answered Sunday night,
all of them or none of them.
What he gave viewers was an almost existential yet anxiety-drenched last scene
that surely had soprano's fans collectively blurting out at the end,
what the insert your favorite exploitive here.
What the, we said it loudly and frequently.
In the last several episodes, the war had been brewing between Tony's New Jersey crew
and New York mob run by Phil Liotardo.
Liotardo's gangsters already have gone down long time soprano captain Bobby
and Potoni's consuliri still be on a coma from another shooting.
In return, Tony's been finally tracked down Liotardo and shot him and killed him for revenge.
Liotardo sounds like something you wear.
In fact, I got some on under my skirt.
Always, right?
Now as viewers with fear comes Tony's retribution and the last scene he arrives at a diner
where he's supposed to meet his family, then Carmella arrives then son AJ.
The camera cuts to several suspicious men walking in the diner.
Are they Liotardo Hitman?
FBI agents waiting to arrest Tony?
The strangest deep-perry's voices are heard on the jukebox singing journeys.
Don't stop believing.
Focus on Tony's face. Don't stop echoes on the soundtrack.
Then cut to black, the end credits roll.
I'm sure they thought they were very clever.
Can I finish this or even keep interjecting?
It's almost over if I can get there.
We only got like three hours and twenty-two minutes but who's counting?
No early Marlon games this week, then it...
Christ!
The ending was so abrupt and anticlimactic.
Many internet posts are stuck there, cable one out.
So did I, right?
Vince Horuuchi.
This was the Andy Kaufman, a serious canalist, wrote one poster on the television without pity forms.
We the audience were just played for David Chase's amusement.
Many will see it as nothing but Chase's cruel and self-indulgent joke on the fans' expectations.
But it's not just that.
It's a final scene that also says Tony's future will always be looking over his shoulder.
It'll be a whole new version.
We're all thinking about those men in the Don.
They were Hitman out to go Tony, but remember, gangsters always say when they're about to get whacked, they'll never know what's coming.
And to create a David Chase's credit, this certainly was ending we never saw coming.
Oh, it's really?
So we got to the last two.
I think somebody's punching you in the back of the head and saying, hey, look at the bright side.
You didn't expect it.
Yeah.
And boy, I didn't feel that bad.
I'm still alive.
Like I said, I thought that was a pretty good article.
I mean, it was the last two sentences.
It was okay.
They always have to make excuses.
There is no excuse for what they did to us last night.
I'm not.
I'm not excusable.
I'm not sure if that I never got into the series.
I never watched it.
I don't know anything about it.
I don't want to know except about a being, about a being, all the, you know, it's got to father wannabe is what I saw there.
Godfather wannabe.
Goodfellas wannabe.
Something wannabe.
Oh, goodfellas wannabe maybe.
Yeah.
But what?
Goodfellas wannabe maybe.
Yeah.
It was more similar to that than to Godfather.
Now, what was the, what was it?
Hoffa?
That Hoffa was the one where the scene was in the diner.
Remember that?
Nope.
Would Joe Pesci?
Okay.
Wasn't it Joe Pesci?
He was in, yeah.
Yeah.
And they had a scene in the diner.
Why?
They always have to be a scene in the diner.
And then what's his name when he was going to go get whacked in the goodfellas?
Wasn't he in the diner?
When dinner was going to go and turn on the got whacked, he thought he was going to get
made and he got made dead.
I don't know.
I just, I thought that was Joe Pesci too.
Oh, yeah.
What was Joe Pesci?
That's her.
Well, I don't know.
They're all, to me, they're interchangeable at this point in those movies.
Once you get past Godfather, and there was some other good mob move, although we got one of the, one of the, somebody's pool.
I forget who's it is and my big pile of pools here about the best mob move other than the Godfather.
I get it. It surely had to be Charlie B didn't it?
Yes.
I can't find it, but it's in here somewhere.
I'm still too obsessed with what I looked worse than they were.
They were horrified.
When they saw what I looked like, they were horrified.
Don't you, is that it?
It's just me.
Don't you find that someone amusing?
It's very amusing and I don't think anybody was genuine when they go to that.
It's just funny thing.
No, they were horrified.
Oh my god.
You call that a human?
Yeah.
You call that a talk to a toast master or something like that?
You can't live in South Florida, be horrified by your face.
Oh, that's true. I never thought about that.
I live in a place where there's like a lot of really beautiful people.
Like it would buy it over the weekend.
Oh man.
I'm getting really bad my old age now.
It's just, you know, like they say in the telephone company spots, reach out and touch somebody and then for the phone book, phone directory.
Whatever.
That is the other pages.
Reach out, yeah, for the other pages.
Reach out and touch someone and that's what I want to increasingly do.
You know, you just can't do that in a place like in a public place like that.
Reach out and just grab somebody or give them a pat on the shoulder and give them a big kiss and a hug and like that.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, ready?
Where's that, y'all?
This your boy, D. Mike.
See how you redo songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we're that man.
I'm trying to go platinum.
Some of the boxes.
Check this out, y'all.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read
up, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book
Real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real blood, real
pubic voic Glass no kids,ior heaves,onesic voic Glass,ones could be so spicy if you use water, so drink less sunn Exec şI of murderers go on, Fourth suffer you city the heck
fru famigy situations, ep course ,fly the
You're being miserably
you're telling me that your
I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so
deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, I'm so deep, just like a
aud concludes the FXEDCW team's inventory, really well engineered to emit the
560 WQAM, man, do I sound all pumped up today and I wonder why?
Why?
I don't know.
Just for the hell of it, 806 on your pull, Chris, he'll make a thousand easy today.
Even though it's the 11th onced day, a Hunyo.
Hunyo?
Maureen Dowd says, outing the outer touch.
Be honest, who would you rather share a foxhole with, a gay soldier or a Mitt Romney?
A gay soldier, of course, in a dicey situation like that, he needs someone steadfast to
know who he is and what he believes, even if he's not allowed to say it out loud.
Hypocracies, the homage vice-paced to virtue as the gloriously gay Oscar Wilde said, and
gays are the sacrifice that hypocritical Republican candidates offer to placate values voters,
even though some candidates are not so finicky about morals regarding their own affairs
and divorces.
They make cool over the photo of Dick Cheney, whose reelection campaign demonized Gays,
proudly smiling with his new grandson, the first baby of his lesbian daughter, Mary.
But they'll hold a line by Jiminy against Gamerecans who are willing to die or be horribly
disfigured and they curse at Bush Cheney Warren or Rack.
Peter Pace, whose job at Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, became a casualty of
Rack on Friday, asserted in March that homosexual acts are immoral.
Yet in May he wrote a letter to the judge in the Scooter Libby case, pleading for leniency
for the Cheney aid.
Scooter always looked for the right way to proceed, both legally and morally, General
Pies wrote, of the man who lied to a grandeur about the outing of a spy, after he pumped
up the fake case for the war that claimed to lies a 3,500-year-long men and women serving
under the General.
After GOP debated New Hampshire last week, the contenders were more homophobic than the
mobsers on the sopranos, unanimously supporting the enane Don't Ask Don't Tell policy.
Even Rudy Giuliani, who loves to cross the rest of the state with old friends, a gay
couple to avoid Gracie Manson when a second marriage was disintegrating, had an antidevolient
deluvian answer.
There she goes again.
Wolf Blitzer asked him about the Arabic-linguished train by the government who have been ousted
from the military after being outed.
Mr. Giuliani, who procured treated ferments to avoid Vietnam, replied that with the war
in Iraq region, this is not the time to deal with disruptive issues like that.
If he's so concerned with disruptive issues, maybe he should start worrying about this one.
Two straight guys who slipped out of going to Vietnam are devising a losing strategy
in Iraq year after year, doubting in Cheney if fall things up so badly that Robert Gates
and Tony Snow are not pointing to South Korea, where American troops have stayed for over
a half a century as a model.
Mid-Romney agreed with Rudy on the issue, instead of going to Vietnam, Mr. Romney spent
two and a half years doing Mormon missionary work in France, isn't that like doing peace
core work in Monte Carlo?
At the memorial for Mark Bingham, the gay six-foot-five rugby player who was on flight 93 on 9-11, John McCain
said he might always like to be a man who helped fight the hijackers, bringing down the
plane aiming to crash into the capital.
But Senator McCain wants gay troops to stay closeted.
The policy he said is working, but it's not.
The Army in Iraq is like that exhausted nag scarlet-o-hero whipped on Dutara.
It Republicans surge on even as they expel gays.
In a time-stop at Peace Friday, Stephen Benjamin, a gay Arabic translator eager to go to Iraq,
told how he was dismissed when the Navy learned his status, considered he wrote, more than 58
air-bling was to be kicked out since Don't Ask Don't Tell was instituted.
How much biteable intelligence could those men would be providing the troops in harm's
way?
He noted that 11,000 other service members have been shoved out since 1993, and speculated
that if the Army hadn't been so short of Arabic translators, the cables that went untranslated
on September 10th might have been translated by preventing 9-11.
In 2000, the British military began letting anyone who served say if they were a proof
as one squadron leader put it.
Sarah Lyle wrote in the Times that the military reports that none of its fears about harassment,
discord, blackmail, bullying or an erosion of unicohesionary military effectiveness
have come to pass.
Proof or no proof?
America has been willing to grace since Brooklyn had his scruff awful on the issue of 93,
tolerance is blossomed, especially among younger Americans, according to a Pew poll, four
in ten Americans say they have close friends of other as who are gay.
The Republican field seems stale and out of sync.
They should have listened to the inimitable Barry Goldwater who told it true, you don't
have to be straight to shoot straight.
That's what Peter North said, too I heard.
And I got that one video of his, but that's another story for another day.
We don't want to go too deeply into that, although he did.
Okay, let's see how this poll is coming.
What was that word she used in there?
I don't know what it was.
Poof?
Deluvian.
Oh.
814 votes on this fairly marginal poll, but I like it Charlie because it's got a lot
of words in the intakes at least a half hour to read it.
When Fidel finally dies, I really said.
When Fidel finally dies, I'm not sure when couldn't care less 560 overwhelming majority,
Charlie.
68.7%.
They're not Cuban and they couldn't care less.
They don't care.
People who aren't Cuban don't care about Fidel.
I know that's, you know, you think if you're Nicaragua, you care about Fidel, maybe
if it's Waila.
Wait, what do you think all these Cubans are over here?
I'm Cuban and couldn't care less 48.
Don't start like Al Sharpton told Don Eimes.
Don't start attacking your own people.
What?
Those cracker jokes.
Why do we, Al Sharpton's going to be coming into midday starting on my vacation time?
Just to make up for that cool thing that never happened?
Oh.
I'm Cuban and couldn't care less 48.
I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba 47.
I'll be so grief-stricken.
How will I ever go on 34?
I'll light a Cuban cigar 27th.
I wonder where they're going to stick it.
Right, don't be sure I might to write in now.
Talking about really being smoking.
I'll drink a Cuban cafe seat door, eat a Cuban sandwich 23, and medium-o'-chee.
Isn't that a Cuban sandwich?
Yes.
Doesn't it look pretty good, by the way?
Yes.
It should be heated up in your mouth, the cheese.
Ooh, you're not going to be flattened with that iron lightly toasted.
That's correct.
I'll set a dumpster or some tires on fire in 19.
Hey, I'll put the house up for sale in Mocha Cuba 13.
Good, we'll pack you a Guayavera Animated No'Jay.
I'll play a CD crew CD 11.
I'll stop by crying in the middle of a bridge 11.
I'll do it.
Wouldn't be the first time.
I'll join a speech procession and blow my horn constantly nine.
I'll fire a gun up into the air six.
I'll burn an effigy if it'll four and I'll fly a Cuban flag, so do I maintain trace.
Well, I guess maybe people have learned that's not a really good idea.
Flying that Cuban flag, a flag, you know.
Well, I guess there are probably still a whole bunch of them hanging down from my rear
view mirrors.
Right?
I reckon it's certain parts.
But you know how out of touch I am.
I do.
I'm very proud of that.
Cheers, matter of fact.
Oh, you're out of touch, Neil.
Hi, Appali.
Hi, Appali.
I told George about the fact that that I'm still called on the money.
I'm gone, Neil.
I gave you up for a year and a half and I haven't listened.
I don't call.
I write.
Mm-hmm.
All the chronic.
So one thing you can bet your life on is long as I'm still alive making sounds with my
mouth on the air, they will be there with the radio turned way up loud, getting good
vibrations.
You can be damn sure of that.
Anyone know why?
I have no life.
That's the reason.
Oh, that was a little.
I have no life.
I don't think.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain.
I hope Mike's getting a good deal tonight.
Sure he will.
So, the boy says he'll come to a separate guy, says to you to the go on ahead.
You can't do that.
It screws up all my arrangements.
Oh, that's what he said.
I can't go either sound.
Tell Mike it was only business.
I always liked him.
You understand?
It's business.
I'm sorry.
Tom, can you give me your dog?
A little type of sick.
Can't do it, Sally.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Oh!
Twice the big fish should get fired.
But third, man.
How the hell did she get fired?
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Absolutely.
Oh, holy respect, big corporate light up.
Who she may say but she ain't.
Here's a big shoot, don't have.
Or two or one, but she's still waiting.
Let's come home.
She tickles it.
Hey, oh my god.
Hey.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
How does that sound?
Twice the big fish should get fired.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
This guy will put holes up with both.
Stick to it as we know, should not go.
Correct them.
Two to four long.
Here's gonna teach in private regions.
And stop the straw and our show.
She'll blow.
Oh!
Twice the big fish should get fired.
She'll blow.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
She'll blow.
How was that hell?
That she get fired.
She'll blow.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
What if you had a twice the big fish?
She'll get fired.
She'll blow.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
How did that come from it?
I had it blow.
Twice the big fish should get fired.
It's the 11.02 at five.
She said, I'm gonna step on that last thing there.
I almost got the words of that song down.
One more time.
One more time.
That's gonna happen on Friday.
We said, if you're gonna be on vacation already.
I don't know.
Bob Barker's last show.
Oh, yeah.
What if Bob Barker's last show in the price is right.
Oh man.
They're gonna replace it.
I better move my vacation back.
What do you think?
No.
Not.
I'll take it for you.
What do you think?
When that.
Oh man.
It's beautiful.
Flatware.
Ah.
Figure flatware and stick it.
Okay.
Beautiful.
Look at a sunbeam punk.
He's worried about flatware that kid.
Right.
He's worried about getting laid as all he cares about.
Well, maybe he can like price some, you know,
just a young beauty with some nice flatware.
Do you think?
No.
Oh, brother.
Anyway, let's get back to the show.
Okay, we don't want to get side-tracked with the prices right again.
We went through a whole song and it answered about that last week.
And then basically what they said is you take the last show.
It was just a ordinary show.
And he said at the end of the show, be sure to have your pet spater neutered and blah, blah, blah.
And blah, blah.
Everybody.
And that was it.
No, kind of a crappy ending.
But at least I guess there's an ending.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
For a show that's been on for 500 years.
It's supposed to be a soprano's which there wasn't any ending.
And George is pretty pure about Pete Pito.
Everyone is.
Yeah.
I'm not because I never watched it.
No, everyone who watches it or we used to, right?
And let's get involved with the movie.
Why?
It'll be solved in the movie.
Oh, there's going to be a movie.
Yeah, if you think I'm going to drop a diamond in that man's pocket after what he did.
Yeah.
Chase this name and that's right.
Chase this diamond road.
You can run you over with my car while you're chasing it.
Speaking of people who we like to run over, Senator Jew Lieberman.
I'm CBS's face to nation yesterday morning laid out a case for the US taking military action against Iran.
It would be nice if they had a padded cell for him and the John McCain, the two of them would be a match made in Pergothra.
Man, they both belong in the together.
And they could do it.
Do it.
Can't just hear it now.
Sure.
And Julie Lieberman could put on his, you know, the tits and the Yarmulka and the whole the old, the full regalia.
Iraq is now the main front of the long war.
We're fighting against the Islamist terrorists who attacked us in 9-11.
I thought they were Saudis.
In fact, 90% of the suicide bombers in Iraq today killing Iraqis and American soldiers are foreign al-Qaeda fighters.
I thought they weren't there when Saddam was in.
Iran is training and equipping soldiers and Iraqis to come in and kill American soldiers in Iraq.
He said, Jew Lieberman.
How is Bob Sheeper than asked Lieberman what the US should do about Iran?
Lieberman said that Iran is at war with the US and that the moderates...
That doesn't make any sense.
And the...
Oh, I see.
They're at war with the US and the moderates and they're wanting to support sitting down and talking with the Iranian government.
That might not be enough.
If we're going to sit and talk with the Iranians, tell them what we want them to do, which is to stop doing that because it's killing Americans.
We can't leave it at that.
I think we have to be prepared to take aggressive military action against the Iranians to stop them from killing Americans in Iraq.
He said, to me, that would include a strike into over the border into Iran where we have good evidence.
They have a base in which they're training these people coming back into Iraq to kill our soldiers.
Let's just stop right there, Sheeper said.
You're saying that if the Iranians don't let up, that the United States should take military action.
I am replied Lieberman.
If they don't play by the rules we've got to use our force, and to me that would include taking military action,
stuff them from doing what they're doing.
The far-bicent, the hawkish, the lunatic Jew Lieberman.
And now, guess who writes an article about him?
What's the name of the...
The Dawson?
Right. Good guess.
Now that I told you.
Newcom till they glow, shoot them in the dark. That's the headline.
From Doug Thompson's ranting piece today. He's pissed off.
As usual, you keep being pissed off, Doug.
We like it.
Senator Jew Lieberman wants to bomb Iran back into the stone age.
He says, stupid idea.
Or some of him live in a cave and look at the trouble he can cause from there.
Turning a militant nation like Iran into cavemen and women might create another primitive fighting force.
That's too strong for the self-professed, greatest military power on earth.
Lieberman gets most of his battle scenarios from what other great military strategists from Washington, Georgia, W. Bush
neither have much of a record when it comes to fighting stone age cultures.
Maybe we should later run and become the world's next nuclear power.
We have a better track record fighting nations with sophisticated weaponry.
It's the insurgents with used AK-47s and homemade bombs that we can't seem to defeat.
I've said, of course it is, but absurdity is all we have left in this far-light zone era.
After more than a half-trillion dollars and 359 American lives,
this country is still losing a war against the makeshift army, using hit and run techniques that date back centuries.
So now a wing that independent senator wants to expand our fighting front and take on a new war in Iran?
Why not? We're losing in Afghanistan. We're losing in Iraq. Why not make it three in a row?
Our military resources are stretched so thin that war-re-soldiers face third and fourth involuntary deployments
and war that's already sent them physically and mentally. We've asked them to do the impossible time and time again.
What's one more military debacle? What's another 3,500 lives? What's another wound on the dead carcass that is the soul of this nation?
America's votted military machine like the nation represents is a weasen-blooded, inefficient, scandal-ridden mess,
incapable of overcoming its own inertia, devoid of strategic thinking, and bankrupt from its own waste-wrought and abuse.
It sends soldiers into the field with inadequate training and adequate equipment and adequate protection.
Back in America, states face oncoming hurricane and tornado seasons without available national guard forces to help an emergency because bush sent them off to fight and instale the wars.
We can't fight the wars we now have now and Lieberman wants to add another conflict to the mix. God help us. Oh, I forgot. God only talks to George W. Bush.
That's our conscience take this morning on crazy Jew Lieberman. Just like that. Maybe Jew Lieberman can look with wolf blitzkrieg.
They can go and live in a caboots in Israel and they can drop the big one on Tehran. They can drop one of Bomba.
Kind of like what's his name? Ethan the Skolnik dropped in his house. During that call I had from McKimba on Saturday and never got around to asking him how come he was at Ethan Skolnik's house?
What are the two of them got going on? See? Which one was the best part of the question he could ask? Right, that's right. I forgot all about that.
I mean what is an Ethan Skolnik when he came right down? But like I said before it's a fraternity man. These guys stick together when he told me,
Oh, your old J is a good friend of mine and he really helped bail us out because Kenny got kind of bailed out on the show last minute or the other day.
But it like that.
Oh, Jay McDuffie is a good friend of Kimba. That's what he told me.
And I said, do we mean that is a good friend of yours?
That guy? Yeah.
Remember that song by her balford? This guy is in love with you? Maybe. I wish we had that. We could play for Ethan Skolnik and Kimba Bokehampra.
I don't want to keep picking on him though because he did proud to apologize after Fat Jolly Joe bail gave my phone number.
Don't give my phone number out again to anybody Joe ever.
There you go. Herbby Alfred and the TJB. And I'm a question of yes, I remember this song.
Oh, it starts in here somewhere. Do you remember the year? I don't know.
I'd say 63. Oh way off 68.
This guy is in love with Jews.
Yes, I'm in love with Jews.
Is that the third level that's already right? No, no. It's in the good part.
It's really hard. Here will be no one that happens.
Terrible. Call my inducing, man. The only thing worse than that was either Wayne Newton or Chris Lahn Paz.
I show his coming. Heavy duty parts. Big chorus. The big roll up. Here we go.
This is just a four-play and big hair. Here comes right here.
That's enough. Sucks. It never gets going anywhere. That's it.
We got to play that though for Ethan Skolnik and his sloppy bowel movement.
No, I actually like this herb. Wait, later. This is like a...
Oh, do we have to hear herbby Alfred?
Only because this song was playing during a very important time in my life.
I don't even know what this is. It's called Rise. That's actually a clue.
What was going on when I heard this? What was playing in the background on the car? Stereo there.
I see. I dropped a park one then.
It was Ryzen. It had risen.
I hear a bad cacamoon rise.
And then the security guard busted it. Busted it.
Later, if you hear a way in this city, he said cacamoon.
Rhymes with... What word did you say?
Rhymes with zoom and spoon and doom.
858 votes in a poll. Can I read the poll result or do we have to listen to that swill?
You could do both at the same time. It's a develop.
I don't want to hear what is in it. It's gonna be good.
Because when he starts singing, boy, that's when I start jagging.
Amen. That's why you stop.
When Phil finally dies, I'm not Cuban. Couldn't care less.
500-7 over 68% of this audience. They just don't care.
What is Michael Moore?
I bring 911 rescue workers. They need some medical attention.
We don't want any more than your given health.
Michael Moore is sick of it.
He's a bitch of impetus, June 29th.
Well, June 29th, what day is that?
That's a long ways away. That's a long way away.
That's after my vacation.
But I'll be off that day as a Friday.
Right.
And you won't be playing any tapes.
Now, let's see. This Friday is the 15th.
So two weeks from this Friday, it is a sicko.
I'll watch it. I'll go to the theater. I'll give them money.
I'm Cuban. I'll definitely go see it.
I'm Cuban and couldn't care less. 51.
I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba 50.
I'll be so grief-sticking how I've stricken.
How will I ever go on? 37.
I'll add a Cuban cigar. Big fat 128.
Georgia light a big fat one.
Mm-hmm.
But then again, what's unusual about that?
Nothing.
I'll drink a Cuban cafe seat.
I'll read a Cuban sandwich. 25.
I'll set a dumpster. Some tires on fire. 19.
Hell, I'll put up the house.
The house up for sale. I'll move to Cuba 14.
I'll play a CD-C to 11, but not too loud, please.
I'll stop my crime in the middle of a bridge 11.
I'll join a street procession and blow my horn constantly nine.
I'll burn an effigy of Fidel 6.
I'll fire a gun to the air 6.
And I'll fly a Cuban flag.
Solemn take 12. Only four.
Out of 8.58.
I think you got your thos made today, Chris.
Told you.
He was under a lot of pressure last week,
where with the jars there, he had a show off.
You know, I make that air every day.
Yeah.
A lot of pressure this week, we can just relax.
I can say, the Michael Polly only did this.
And the Michael Polly only did that.
So I said, yeah, it should.
Farewell, oh well, eat monkey brains in hell.
How about your dad that leaves a few extra meals for us to eat?
And we can drill your foot back for hot gas.
I hope the tree goes through your ass.
Correct them.
In your white load casket, that's when less hay,
fucker, you'll know long-versa in your home,
that shows with all those one cracker media rules.
The Lord can't help you now,
as the brain lowers your doubt into your playing naked ugly.
You crooked turn, we're gonna take the pinky-meeky on your brain.
And all that's outposting more than you,
every day, you keep the casket through wide open
for that garbage sum.
So you're full of buried face to fade.
Oh, excuse me, 1118-85, 60 W.
You know me when that mic is open, I'm liable to burn anything out.
When it does, it just bluts it out.
Dangerous.
I am.
Just ask him a bow camper and his partner in crime, O.J. McDuffie.
Oh boy.
And Robert Greeper, too, by the way,
your favorite one, your favorite people.
But I'll take about him, okay?
Slime ball.
See, I did say it's slime ball, okay?
SLI-ME-B-A-L-L.
That's your Robert.
Dangerous.
And of course, the more dangerous and devious people
are the longer they stick around at QAM.
In fact, back at the Greg Reed-Rage,
do you remember all of his devious and devious people?
Oh, yeah.
Like the Water Nazi and screwing all of these people.
By the way, do you ever go see my buddy, Ray Perry?
No, I did not.
Well, why not?
I forgot.
Totally had to be done today.
I'll find him somewhere.
Find him somewhere.
Find him this week.
To just find that information for me,
it would just, you know, help me arrange my life.
You got it.
Now let's see, what about macaroni and cheese for lunch today?
For you?
For anybody.
Well, I'm thinking of the Z-Man.
He said instead of the ice cream,
just get yourself some of the, you know,
the Stoffers, Frozen Macaroni and cheese.
We went to KFC yesterday and got all kinds of those sides, you know,
including the macaroni and cheese, which I really,
very much, and the potato wedges, which I like very much,
and a big tub of gravy, which I love to dunk the potato wedges into
and I didn't have one bite of one side.
I just ate my chicken.
How do you like that?
Someone said, I can lecture.
I want a medal.
I want to send a great, or I didn't.
That's right.
That's right.
Definitely.
You know, what?
I did this.
I did it.
I didn't.
You can't.
Come on, Fatso.
Step up.
I think he's trying to show off.
I think it's pretty good to me.
I haven't had no macaroni and cheese and,
and a good man.
Good.
And a Koons age.
What?
I still don't know what that means.
What did you say?
You heard what I said.
We said that a million times.
Isn't that a look it up?
It's not a racial thing, okay?
People who want to turn everything into a racial thing,
like I said Friday, man, it's pathetic to me.
It's tragic.
It's just what does there to say about it?
The less said the better.
8.79.
So, that I mentioned about Kimbo Volkamp
or calling me in Joe Bell, giving me my phone number.
I think so.
I'm one of those people.
I mean, I don't mind a phone call now.
And then if it's somebody else,
no, somebody else, consider a friend.
Somebody I want to talk to.
Or somebody I need to talk to.
I mean, Joe Bell calls me all the time.
He calls me a lot.
To the back.
You know.
And I don't really know why he called on me on Friday.
I guess to see if I was going to sue anybody
or if I was like, like, I got it.
He cares about you.
I beg your pardon?
He cares about you.
Get out of here.
He cares about me, my fed ass.
Get out of here.
You're crazy.
He worries about you.
Yeah.
He worries about whether I was going to sue somebody
because they slandered me on the year.
I'm Thursday or Friday morning, whatever the hell it was.
You should sue Joyce.
No, I'm not going to sue Joyce.
I'm going to sue anybody.
Why don't you sue Joyce?
Chris, you're talking to Big M.
You know that George is back talking big crap.
Both of you.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, I did this yesterday.
That's right.
But wait, I'm happy for you.
I'm, you know, loosely.
I've had a stay-alive a long time, okay?
In fact, Bob Barker is quitting on Friday.
How old is he?
83, something like that?
That means another 19 years of this for this kid.
I'm going to take the Bob Barker challenge, baby.
I'm going to keep bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
making sounds in my mouth till I'm as old as he is.
What do you think, can I do it?
Sure.
Absolutely.
83.
Stay within that macaroni and cheese you will.
I'm not going to have no macaroni and cheese,
but it does sound really good.
It sounds good.
Bap, bap, it is good.
You know when it's really good?
Yeah.
I know.
Like if you get the frozen kind of stofers
that the straight man was recommending me.
And you cook it like an extra minute or 90 seconds longer
than it says in that way.
That way gets brown on top of the crispy.
Almost burned.
Sure.
Don't do it too hard.
I'm with you.
Don't burn it because then you have to throw it out
and go get another one.
And then when you go get another one,
it's a story.
You probably get like a big tub of ice cream with it
because then you'd be so frustrated.
No, for having burned it.
Well, you've never done a frustration eating?
No, when I get frustrated, I don't eat.
I get nauseous and I don't feel like eating.
Really?
That's real super frustration eating.
I'm just talking about there's a level between being real, real frustrated.
When you lose your appetite, when you want to pee.
If you're a gut shot, like when you find out that somebody is alleging
that you said some racist things on the ear that you never said
and never would say, and they should know better.
I think that's why some of you people are fat
is because you stress eat some of you people.
What is that mean?
Are you picking on fat people now?
You and Chris and all the lardos in the building.
Lardassia.
Like the Humper?
The Humper is...
What?
People can barely speak on Saturday.
His voice keeps getting...
I don't know is it from the lack of energy?
Is it from the blood sugar?
Or is it the fat in the neck?
Is it like choking the vocal cords and preventing it from...
I don't know.
Maybe needs a different size collar.
That might be it, but boy, he started to get really a little high pits there.
For a second, I thought that maybe somebody had put Geltie's body
and Geltie's voice in the Hanks body.
Well, whatever.
I'm not going to start picking on the Humper.
He's back.
Thank God we got the regular schedule going this week.
All week I'm looking at the schedule Monday through Friday.
We have people outside of the blind show who belong on the air.
Isn't that refreshing and breath of fresh air?
Yeah.
Someday I see we got Evan Cohen back on for another visit from 9 to noon.
Doesn't he still work in Palm Beach at that other station?
That's Chris.
He does.
Yes.
So in other words, he's double dripping?
Yes.
I wonder if Evan Cohen knows Ethan Skolik and I wonder if he's ever smelled the bad Bob movements and Ethan's apartment like Bo camper has?
Don't be asked him.
Yeah, be sure to ask him when you see Evan again.
Have you ever hung out at Ethan Skolik's house and this is...
Do his Bob movements really smell as bad as Bo camper says and does he really use the Lailock air freshener?
Those are the questions you want to ask.
Lailock, okay.
Lailock.
As in, you know, gay.
Because everything that Josh talk about has to be gay, homophobic.
And that's what makes them more burch.
If you're six foot eight and weighs 700 pounds like Bo camper, you really have to talk about people hiding behind a dress, a skirt, and all that, and challenging some, you know, old queen.
Really sounds butch-demy sweetheart.
US automakers on a collision course with catastrophe are involved in behind the scenes, machinations in Washington that could well sound the death knell for the industry.
Just as they fought nearly every safety feature including airbags for decades, now they're putting out all the stops and fighting proposed congressional mandates for increased gas mileage.
The big three year what remains of them are whispering in the ears of congressional leaders that the national goal of getting an average of 35 miles per gallon any time soon is ludicrous.
They say Americans wouldn't buy cars designed to get that kind of mileage because they wouldn't like such vehicles.
Well, too bad.
They say even if they wanted to do it, the technology isn't there. They say proposals to improve gas mileage by that much would drive them out of business.
The fact that other manufacturers produce vehicles that are far more fuel efficient than cars made by Detroit is kicked aside.
The fact that China has already set a fuel efficiency standard that the Bush administration suggests to be discussed in the US for 10 years from now is overlooked.
The other industries desperate efforts to stay off new mandates from Congress for better fuel mileage came at the same time the US was successfully negotiating a global deal to block obligatory measures to try to save the planet.
The just completed group of eight session in Germany of the eight richest most industrialized nations came up with a convoluted face saving measure which President Bush agreed to do more than seriously consider European targets for combating global climate change.
But because of Bush's opposition, the G8 didn't agree on the proposal to cut greenhouse meaning the carbon dioxide emissions by 50% by 2050 remained at any goals at all.
There was no doubt that this would be the outcome but it's not a good one for the US image abroad.
The perception is that the US isn't going to take is not going to take major steps to curtail global warming.
If it would hurt US businesses and manufacturers and that's what the Republican Party has always been about and always will be about is big business and big money and big oil and big, big rip off.
And big rape of the American public.
There's true anger building in Congress over lack of action by the US government climate change based on refusal to admit that the science was right and there's true anger building over the waste of energy that Detroit is contributed to by refusing to build cars that get better mileage on the grounds it's too costly.
The other makers do have a point which is that they've what they have done is what is required by law to improve mileage but US energy consumption is continued to soar.
Nonetheless its industry leaders have accepted the challenge of true fuel economy if they've done it long ago instead of spending so much time winning over pro-business administration in the White House we'd be far better off as a society.
Most of us live with our heads in the sand when it comes to energy and global warming we can't believe that at the last moment there won't be scientific breakthroughs that will prevent the US from running out of energy and will save the world from devastating climate change.
Perhaps that will happen but so far there are no signs of miracles.
With $5 a gallon gas almost certainly in our future and more Americans either too poor to buy expensive new cars or eager to buy for make cars that can $35 40 or $50 a gallon it's not hard to see what's going to happen.
There won't be US car makers cars like shoes and clothing will be made elsewhere but by then there could be all kinds of driving restrictions because the government will tell us that a warmer climate means we must give up more of our civil liberties.
It's called cutting off your nose despite your face.
How was you doing on your pole Chris? We're doing good. I shouldn't have started with that macaroni and cheese.
Why are you giving yourself worked up now? $894. No I'm not getting myself worked up. Am I going to get worked up about macaroni and cheese? You back here sweet last time.
I'm going to have to go out to the woodbine again and forget about gambling just go up to the cafeteria and just to have a big bucket fill it up with that mac and cheese.
One thing about racetracks man they got good macaroni and cheese. I like mac and cheese.
Not craft though. Just to piss you off I'm going to the store right after the store.
It's going to be a huge a big economy sized box of macaroni and cheese.
You're going to get in the hole that's up here but you're going to get in the hole.
Big glutes and laces on family signs.
M-O-N-E-A-Y-S-U-C-K-N.
We're giving out my phone number John and June.
I'm going to get my phone number.
I'm going to get my phone number.
I'm going to get my phone number.
Down in Miami there's a losing cell building that makes that fascinating jolly joke.
He manages a radio station there and when he comes to paying bills, Joe don't care.
That'd be jolly.
Man, I'm not a baby of a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho.
That'd be that'd be jolly joke of a fire shower of a storm of a ho ho ho ho ho.
That'd be jolly joke.
Joe's picked a point out that easily greed has a standing freeze.
Crack and freeze.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice but to leave on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
That'd be jolly.
Man, I'm not a baby of a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho.
That'd be what he's told me to do for a baby, so no more.
That'd be jolly.
I'm looking forward to seeing that baby Joe on the corner of the jog and palm metal part.
He's walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign that says,
Oh, that'd be fun.
Can you smirm me a dime?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
That'd be jolly.
He tries to get just a couple of ho ho ho ho ho ho.
That'd be that'd be I'm not a baby of a ho ho ho ho ho ho ho.
That'd be jolly.
You fall out.
1134, 26, still doing it.
560, nobody killed me.
We got the mad dog at the Finns Golf tournament at 2 o'clock this afternoon.
Wow.
All the Finns all the time, eh?
Dolphin doll access seven o'clock after the Humper tonight?
Lots of Finns stuff on it.
Aren't you surprised?
Not when we get those tickets, by the way.
They'll make me a chance.
Okay, I want an answer tomorrow morning.
You got it.
And don't take, you know, but a beep bit of a move for an answer, you know?
I would pin that a little fart right up against the wall and knee him in the nuts if he doesn't give you an honest answer.
I'll save it up for David Chase.
Oh, no, money get your knee worked up.
Oh, that's that'll be a short point.
And then knee David Chase in the nuts.
I'm thinking of Taco Bell today, you know?
Okay.
Look at that. Paraselton.
I used to act dumb, that act is no longer cute.
Now I'd like to make a difference.
God has given me this new chance.
Oh, God is right.
Oh, God.
Gag me with a prune.
Oh, prune rhymes with June and Cocamone.
In honor of our close friend, the Cocamone leader.
Cocamone.
There you go. There she is.
Boy, sure, Miss Erie, you know?
How long would she die?
How many years?
I don't know.
Six, seven, eight, four.
Quite a while.
I think I was down there.
Oh, I remember those days being in that studio in the overhead all the time was all screwed up.
And it kept the box key around with the speakers.
And this would be broken and that mic switched and they on off switched.
Oh, boy.
You know, why you were out last week?
I better not say it.
What?
I don't want, I'm not going to do it again.
Remember Chris, I gave myself a canary.
I don't want to say it.
Put it at the end of the show, I'll tell you.
All right.
Remind me.
Something to do with engineering.
Canary.
A Berkeley watchdog organization that tracks military spending.
Senate, I'm covered as strange US military proposal to create a hormone bomb
that could purportedly turn enemy soldiers into homosexuals and make them more interested in sex than fight.
But you want to get your hands on that formula.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's the gate.
I'm going back.
I'm getting some of that and going back to wood buying on Saturday.
Oh, brother.
Gayspray.
Yeah.
That's the way it would sound, too.
Just like Brady and Jason.
Pentagon officials on Friday confirmed a CBS that military leaders had considered and subsequently rejected building a so-called gay bomb.
Gay bomb.
Edward Ham and a Berkeley sunshine project had used the Freedom of Information Act to obtain a copy of the proposal from the Air Force's right laboratory in Daytona, Ohio.
As part of a military effort to develop non-lethal weapons, the proposal suggested one this tasteful but completely non-lethal example would be strong aphrodisiacs, especially if the chemical also caused homosexual behavior.
Because you know that unlike heterosexual, all of us faggot says it's always think about it sex, unlike you heterosexuals who only think about a million, maybe once every couple of weeks.
Or I should say only get maybe once every couple of weeks.
The document showed the Air Force lab asked for $7.5 million to develop such a chemical weapon.
The Ohio Air Force lab proposed that a bomb be developed that contained the chemical that would cause enemy soldiers to become gay and to have their units break down because all their soldiers become irresistibly attractive to each other.
Ham and said that to reviewing the documents.
Make love not war, I guess.
The notion was that a chemical that would probably be pleasant in the human body and low quantities could be identified, and by virtually the breathing or having their skin exposed to this chemical, the notion was that soldiers had become gay, ham and explain.
Right, that's how you do it, maybe with some lilacs spray.
Like an Ethan Skolniks house.
The Pentagon told CBS the proposal was made by the Air Force in 1994.
The Department of Defense is committed to identifying research and developing non-lethal weapons that will support our men and women in uniform said a DOD spokesman who indicated the gay bomb idea was quickly dismissed.
Oh, they should have given a little more thought.
However, Ham and said the government records the obtained suggest the military plan gave the plan much stronger consideration as it acknowledged that truth of the matter is it would never have come my attention towards dismissed at the time it was proposed.
In fact, the Pentagon has used it repeatedly and subsequently in the effort to promote non-lethal weapons and in fact they submitted it to the highest scientific review body in the country for them to consider.
Military officials insisted Friday is CBS they're not currently working on any such idea and that the past plan was abandoned.
Gay community leaders in California said Friday they found the notion of a gay bomb both offensive and laughable at the same time.
Throughout history we've had so many brave wet men and women who are gamers been serving the military but distinctions that Jeff Corson equality California and there's more to it but it's chopped off and I can't read it.
But I mean that I've put about gay spray.
Uh oh, look at this.
Yes, I'm.
So, I'm flashman writes in a hero what a surprise that is since you've got this.
People in that really in cheese and what about Taco Bell is that okay as long as I don't need too many tacos that's approved.
How can that be approved when it's got all that the carbs in it you said you don't need to show.
When the hell did I ever say that and that way you just got done saying as long as you don't need to talk of.
That's correct.
I didn't say I don't eat it.
I said you're you're twisting it around it.
Just like Friday putting words in there isn't that okay as long as I don't eat the taco that's what you said and I said.
As long as I don't have tacos I'm not saying I'm going to eat the fillings out of the taco.
What kind of I mean a burrito you could do that burrito supreme here.
Six of them.
Right.
And just take a fork and on a rap mall and don't eat the thing.
I thought you said that's what you've done before.
I have never in my life eaten a taco without the fillings out of a taco.
No out of the burrito.
Out of the burrito I have done in fact I put a lot of it.
What is that pasta the low carbone was that you said you've been over the brand.
Greenfield Christian.
Greenfield I don't have anymore.
It's all gone.
Anyway can I get to this very important story about Jim DeFetus?
Jim DeFetus.
When you stop what?
That was Jim DeFetus Wien Z.
I talked to your host in WFOR CBS4 commentator is at Mercy Hospital recovering from surgery to drain a fluid bottle.
He will never run his heart.
He only weighs what about 900 pounds I can imagine why.
Eight or nine days ago I started feeling short of breath says DeFetus 44.
Every day every hour is getting worse.
Look at them marry you fat cow.
God you make Hank look like skinny atlas.
On Monday he had a stress test.
We went through that with flying colors he said.
Tuesday in the Echo Cardiogram the text said you're not going anywhere.
And he paid DeFetus cardiologist Dr. Glenn Barkey who has an office adjacent to Mercy.
Barkey literally got a wheelchair and we only had a hospital he said.
Jim DeFetus.
Dr. Rumolato Peter Segurola Jr. operated early Wednesday.
More than a liter of fluid was pressing up against my heart said DeFetus a former hero calmness.
Dr. Suspect a viral infection.
Right.
DeFetus underwent surgery in April the Jackson Memorial a fluid billed up in his scrotum.
Oh I can't imagine why.
When you weigh 900 pounds can you imagine the pressure from your thighs?
Oh my God.
Talk about the old nutcracker sweet.
He's on the men from the hard episode I'm feeling great.
He says he hopes to get out Monday and return to work in two weeks.
Nicole Sandler produces his weekday morning radio show is filling in.
DeFetus says this is a good reminder to me I need to get healthier and lose some weight.
They have 5600 pounds.
They should be good enough.
And you're a official home for Miami Dolphins football.
Jackson care matters the ball away.
He shoots some dashes into the M-Souls.
One radio 560 QAM.
M-O-N-D-A-Y.
S-U-C-K-S.
They ready?
Yeah!
They ready.
What's up y'all?
This your boy D. Mike.
See how you redo songs with like hooks and concepts.
Right?
But we're there man I'm trying to go black.
Some of them are this.
Check this out y'all.
Huh.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-A-B-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-B-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-B-S-P-O-O-J.
Hey sports day.
Now the magazine.
Who woulda putt?
Who woulda putt?
Who woulda putt?
Yeah, now the sports day.
Who woulda putt?
Now the magazine.
Who woulda putt?
Who woulda putt?
Who woulda putt?
Now the sports day.
I-Now the magazine.
Who woulda putt?
I-E-A-D-A-B-S-P-O-J.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
Read a book.
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-B-O-O-O-J!
R-E-A-D, let it free all time
R-E-A-D, let it free all time
R-E-A-D, let it free all time
It's on 4.95, 60 WTQM, 11 before noon
Oh, we got two hours to go, wow
See, there he goes again, he's counting down
All worked up about that vacation and about that summer schedule
And you know what?
F and A, baby, you're right
Now, do you think I could play that too many times today?
The room where I'm here is George is going to play that all day every day in the summer
That's right, uncut
Uncut, right
Well, in your case, that wouldn't be anything new, wouldn't it?
Right
Vice President, oh, and that poor Jim DeFetus, man, don't we want to wish him the best or whatever?
Yes, we do?
Sure, why not?
Never stop being a big one
He doesn't belong around here, he's another one
Big, enormous, giant, and they put him on television, blah blah
This is like, what's his name?
Who's that guy that used to be on Channel 6?
He's a cantic of his name
Dave, not Dave Dixon
Dave, that reporter, that we had 4000 pounds
Oh, oh, oh, oh, give him her
Dave Game, Dave Game
Oh my god, is Dave Game?
Game, maybe
I wonder if he's still alive
We have a bit
We have a bit on Dave Game
Yeah, it's called Dave Game
Oh yeah
That's it
Dave Game
If you want to see that
I can use his baritone to Dave Game
He weighs 500 pounds
He's a monologue around Dave Game
Anyway, Jim DeFetus, he says he better start worrying about his weight
Oh, man
I'm 189, by the way, it's not the best, but it's serving me not the worst
Let's say it again, it's not the best, but it's not the worst
It's not the worst
Well, you know something, too please, it could be better
Yeah, it could be
It's better than 589
Hey, I don't know who any punches anymore, man
You know, you're too important to just let yourself go and die
You know, no punches, pood
That's right
Pood is
No
Vice President Dick Taney's routine check up Friday revealed no new blockages in his heart, but
Can you believe that actually find a heart?
But Dr. said he needs a new battery for a special pacemaker he's got in his chest
Will that be a shame if he croaked for my battery died?
Oh boy, wouldn't that be bad?
No
The battery is implanted cardiac defibrillator is reaching its limit
So Megan McGinn, deputy press secretary for the vice president, she says the device to replace the battery and that surgery is going to be scheduled as
Somebody convenient time for the vice president
It's chopped off here on the right hand margin, I don't really care
Did I print this out? Did you send the know I actually printed this out?
See, I don't know if that and you're going to give me that song of dance again about highlighting the whole thing and print the
No, not the work
Sometimes that works and guess what? Sometimes it does not
It only works when you do it right
Meaning what?
That if it didn't work, you didn't do it right
But what if it's all in blue? Okay, what if it's all selected?
Right
And it still doesn't work, then what did I do wrong?
Then there are other ways you can just put it onto a clipboard and then the whole thing will print up without counting it off
You see the two of them on the treadmill together? Jim DeFeeda said this is a stressed-est-right grade
Doctors also checked our Chinese cardiac defibrillator which is implanted in June 2001
The shock is hard if he had an irregular heartbeat
A stressed test showed no new evidence of new coronary blockage, damn it
Cheney 66 has got a history of heart problems resumed as normal schedule after the checkup
And March doctors discovered he had a deep venous thrombosis in his lower left leg
Cheney had six hours of surgery on his legs in 2005 to repair kind of an aneurysm
A ballooning weak spun artery that can burst if left untreated
He sent four heart attacks, quadruple bypass surgery, two artery clearing angioplasty,
and an operation to implant the defibrillator deep in his heart
In fact his heart and his ass are probably in the same place
Kind of like those guys in a morning show that's going off
Too bad about that, huh?
What?
About that morning show that's going to be going off fairly soon
What's to that?
Yeah, I don't know which one I'm talking about, just a generic one
And then of course they're going to say, oh, let's near Rogers, yeah, yeah, right, I have a lot to do with that
I have a lot to do with that, you know me, I'm always running around trying to get people fired
And making up stories, they said this, they said that, they did this
It's like, like I could say before, little kids in a sandbox
When there are people who are intelligence challenged, those are the types of things that they do
This is the way they respond, is to make up some kind of crap
And say, oh, you're picking on me, you said this, and you said, and of course you didn't say anything in the first place
And then I guess they must have dawned on somebody, maybe Robert Grieper, the grim reaper, the glory of the board
Maybe it dawned on him, oh, we got the show on, we got the recording
Chris and I listened to it before the show on Friday where I said, we are doomed, doomed, doomed
Say it again, doomed, DOO-MED
Be careful, read a mother's scratching book
I'm 30 on your full, Chris is really pleased because he knows you people are going to put him way over the thousand mark
Thank you, Chris
Oh, definitely, of course
He's all psyched about it, he's made my life
He's all about the fact that he's got food coming in again this week
Right?
Oh, yes, sir
You know what?
I bet you don't have Taco Bell coming in this week, but I'm sure I'm in the mood of what started me on that?
I don't know, they're good, you haven't had it in a while and they're good
Branded is off, he's on vacation this week, so you know, having a rich full life and having gotten late a couple of times overnight in this morning
He's sending me all these IMs and he's starting with the food stuff
You know, that's where I got going on the macaroni and cheese, and then he's talking about Big ZD
And I'm thinking to myself, what would prevent me from doing the macaroni and cheese Taco Bell?
Now, the only problem with me is that when you go to Taco Bell now they've got so many damn different things
And unless you go there regular, you don't know what all the different things are in the menu and you stand there like
Oh, can I help you? Come on, come on, I don't know
I don't know, leave me alone, I'm looking
Do you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
What's a Chimichanga?
I think they have that in there
Yeah, I don't know, but it's like a fried burrito, which is very good, you know, done right
Like meat fried burrito?
Deep fried, yeah
Ooh, the bad for you man, the bad for you
But it sounds really good
Let me have a couple of Chimichanga, he's on it
It's a fun to say too
Yeah, Chimichanga, Chimichanga
I'll just stand there, keep saying that
Totally dragged me away, four minutes, still noon at 560 WDQ, I'm okay
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour
And now another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney
Today, Dick Diles, celebrity biographer, Kitty Kelly
Hello
Hello, Kitty Kelly, please
Speaking
I ask, Kitty, this is Dick Cheney, who I spread the United States of America, how are you?
Fine
That's good, that's nice
Is there something I can help you with?
Oh, yes, yes, it's just been a book that's coming out next week that you wrote
Frankly, we question its credibility and I was wondering if maybe you could wait a couple of months before actually putting it out
I'm sorry, my phone is breaking out
Did you just ask me not to press the lock until I have to be elected?
Yes, after George Bush gets reelected, print all he wants, we won't care then
Why would I want to do that?
Hello
Funny girl being a f***er
What?
Why?
Oh my
It's their book's release, the terrorist win
Huh?
You're messing with the president of the United States of America
Okay, I'm hanging up now
We know where you live, you dumb f***er
That's right, we'll get you a little bit of Toto too
Goodbye
What's wrong with you?
F***
Hello?
Hello?
This has been another tale from the cell phone of Dick Cheney
12.2560, everybody, QM, happy year Monday to you, June 11th, for his new depressing thing that almost everybody else is on vacation
And here we are toiling over hot microphones
They're saying good
Sweating, yeah
Yeah, when you just hand your vacation, you may say you didn't really do very much
No, I did not, I did some laundry
It's more of a wapie
Yeah, it was weeping
And that's a highlight to the beach a couple times, you know
To the beach
I mean, we're right there
So, the Hollywood beach?
That's the one
I see
Sounds kind of like gay
To me
Okay
Guantana was become a major problem for America's perception as it's seen the way the world perceives America
And if it was up to me, I would close one, Tannimo, not tomorrow but this afternoon I'd close it
Said, Colin Powell, I meet the press yesterday morning
And I wouldn't let any of those people go, I would simply move them to the US and put them in our federally-go system
He would close it as of yesterday afternoon
There's not the same Colin Powell who sent in front of the UN and read that speech and held up that vile
And committed that vile accident, all these people are dead, wasn't that the one who sold out?
Yes, yes
And then they'll have access to lawyers, then they'll have access to bits of habeas corpus
So what, let them? Is not what our system is all about? He continued?
Wow, how revolutionary
Now he's opening up a big mouth
Powell said the US justice system can handle bad people, he told Hostin Russell that he would close Gitmo and stop using the military commission system
Instead, he would deal with prisoners in more constitutional terms, uh-oh
Essentially, we've shaken the belief that the world had an America's justice system by keeping a place like Guantanamo open
And creating things like a military commission, he said, we don't need it
And it's causing this far more damage than any good we get for it
That's what Roland Kohlin said yesterday
Of course he talks about-you know, he talks out of all sides of his-
Raccoon mouth
That's what I've heard
I think we got a thousand votes on your poll yet or what?
It's not-to me, it's not very exciting
When the majority of people are saying, you know, 946, my 68% are saying I'm not Cuban and couldn't care less about Fidel
Well, it doesn't leave too much, you know
Right?
What do you mean?
Most people who aren't obsessed with Cuba don't care about Fidel
Just like most people who aren't obsessed with Israel don't give a right to ask about that
About that crap, about all those good bubble mices, you know
Paul Krugman in the New York Times today writes this column, authentic question mark nevermind
He says rich liberals who claim to help America's less fortunate are phonies
Let me give you one example-a Democrat who said he'd work on behalf of workers and the poor
He said he'd even take on big business, but the truth is that while he was saying those things he was living in a big house
And had a pretty lavish summer home too
His favorite recreation sailing was incredibly elitist and he didn't talk like a regular guy
Clearly this politician wasn't authentic his name, Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Luckily, that's not how the political game was played 70 years ago
FDR wasn't accused of being a phony, it was accused of being a traitor to his class
But today it seems politics is all about seeming authentic
A recent associated person analysis of the political scene asked, can you fake authenticity?
Probably not, but it might be worth a try
What does authenticity mean? Supposedly it means not pretending to be who you aren't
But that definition doesn't seem to fit the way the term is actually used in political reporting
For example, the case of FDR shows that there's nothing in authentic if the normal sense of the word about calling for higher taxes on the rich robbing rich yourself
If anything, it's the recreated if you advocate policies that will hurt your own financial position
But the news media seem to find it deeply disturbing that John Edwards talks about fighting poverty while living in a big house
On the other hand, consider the case of Fred Thompson
He spent 18 years working as a highly paid lobbyist, wore well tailored suits and wore black-wing and continental
When he ran for the Senate, however, his campaign re-invited him as a good ol' boy
At least they used red pickup truck for him to drive, dressed up in jeans and a work shirt
With a can of red man chewing tobacco on the front seat
For Mr. Thompson's strengths as Liny Davis and the Hill is that he's authentic
Oh, as a candidate George W. Bush was praised as being more authentic than Al Gore
As late as November 2005, MSNBC's Chief Political Gourmet responded to clear that Mr. Bush's authenticity was his remaining source of strength
But now the AP says that Mr. Bush's lack of credibility is the reason that his will-be-successors need to seem, yes, authentic
Talk of authenticity it seems, let's commentators and journalists put down politicians they don't like or praise politicians they do like
with no relationship to what politicians actually say or do
Here's a suggestion, why not evaluate candidates' policy proposals rather than their authenticity
And if there are reasons to doubt a candidate's sincerity, spend the skull amount
For example, Hillary Clinton's credibility is a friend of labor is called an equation not by her biography or lifestyle but by the fact that as the nation recently reported her chief strategist, a man Al Gore fired in 2000 because he didn't trust him
He's a public relations company that helps corporations fight union organizing drives
And where do you start with Rudy Giuliani?
We're keeping told that he has credibility on national security because he's seen so reassuring on I'm 11
Some firefighters have condemned his actual performance that day saying that rescue efforts were uncoordinated and that firemen died because he provided them with faulty radios
All he did was give information on the TV, said a deputy fire chief who sons out of the World Trade Center, he did nothing
And the nation's largest firefighters union is condemned as handling a recovery efforts in the weeks following 9-11
But he spent the years since then cashing in on terrorism and his decisions about Giuliani partners' personal and clients raise real questions about his seriousness
His partners as the Washington Post pointed out, including a former police commissioner, later convicted of corruption, a former FBI executive admitted taking artifacts from ground zero and a former Roman Catholic priest accused of covering up sexual abuse in the church
The point is that questions about a candidate shouldn't be whether he or she is authentic, they should be about motives
Who's interested with the candidate's serious elected and think how much better shape the nation would be if enough people would ask that question seven years ago
Paul Krugman writes, in the times today, seven years ago, let's turn the clock back, okay, let's count the vote again please, let's do it over again
Let's get those hanging chairs and stick them where the moon, don't shine
Let's get that judge again, look up, you get his eye bulging out of his head
Pull that balled it up to the sky and look at it with that bulging eye
I think I'm going to take an hour off and go to Taco Bell
Oh brother, did you die or what?
Right here what?
Oh, I mean as soon as I said that about Taco Bell you said, oh don't do it
No, Taco Bell is find the way that you've talked about doing it before
What does that mean?
You talk about cutting the burrito and the...
I talked about putting it on that damn little car pasta, which is what I'm talking about
I don't have that little car pasta and buster with a little pasta, just I'm not eating anything like that
I eat no macaroni, I'm not eating no spaghetti, just squeeze the insides out into your mouth
Oh, that's done right?
Woo!
I got a line for that and we would get Joyce instantly of not sooner
Probably get quoted on the morning show tomorrow for it
Well Neil Rogers said this and Neil Rogers is up there at Toronto hiding behind his dress
I dare him to come down here and say that right to the man's face
No, it was a pretty half-assed apology he gave on the earth in the end of their show this morning, wasn't it?
Why didn't he save the long apology that he gave me on a phone Saturday for on the air so that the public could know
that I never really did say that, that a bunch of people decided to make that up and say, oh yeah I heard it
And like that and say that after all these years of working with me he should know that I'm not just some dumb ex-junk
that I know a little bit about broadcasting and I wouldn't burnt such crap like that out on the air
Why didn't he say that?
Instead of that half-assed lukewarm warmed over a pile of crap apology that he gave this morning
Huh?
Dara?
Instead of Joel Bell giving it to my phone number so he could bug me on the Saturday on the weekend no less
Just unacceptable
Now did you send me a text message on Friday about...
What about...
And he also said...
What?
That couldn't happen again in a million years as I said text message
Well, it's not, it's an email
You got one
I got an email since...
That kind of thing happens all the time
But I just got through saying it and the words weren't even out of my mouth yet
And this thing was bzzz and it was somebody I don't want to hear from some political crap you know
You know what I mean by that?
Yes I do
I should get rid of all those shouldn't I?
Yep
960 votes on the pool, this is the hour-goal for a thousand and then Joel Feinberg will go up to the corner
And he'll sit on the corner with his head in his hands and cry like a baby
Especially after seeing those trans last Thursday
Is that what you asked me about in that message?
That's right
How come when you text me now doesn't show you're like who it's from?
I don't know maybe because my phone number isn't in your address book
Well let's keep it that way
Both campers is, in fact here's what it is, 954
Mm-hmm
And don't, doesn't that bug you if people would give out your phone number to somebody without asking you first?
Sure
And I know it's a peeve of yours which is what I was saying
I know what that is, what does that mean?
No word, he's released, he's released
So the judge is saying that he agrees on habeas corpus grounds that he should be released
He's released
Wow
Little O'Ricky Tiki Sanchez Mele drama there on CNN
Who's Jan Arlo Wilson? Who is that?
I don't know, the judge said he ought to be released from prison
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez was like hyperventilating about
Like that
See, like I told you before, CNN needs to be taken off the air
I don't know where their transmitters are, I guess they're up there in the satellite, huh?
Mm-hmm
That satellite needs to be shot out of the air
If we want to save the world, CNN must go
I'll see you here
I ain't never said no
I'm the purer boy
About the same story
Upari
Yeah, he ain't never said it
I'll still talk to the guitar player
I'm feeling really bad for us, let them go
They're not somethin' like that
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
I'll never do boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
from the other voice.
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
I'm gonna have to go back to the top!
Probably 18, I don't see Gelly out in skates
or til Saturday. Oh! How we gonna survive?
Till, uh, the weekend, uh?
Here's that story about that, uh,
What kind of a name is that?
Anyway, Genarlo, G-E-N-A-R-L-O-W. What is that?
I don't know.
A judge today voted a 10 year sentence for a man accused of having
consensual oral sex
with a 15-year-old girl when he was 17.
He instead gave Genarlo a Wilson
a 12-month Mr. Meener sentence
with credit for time already served.
The state's likely to appeal the ruling.
That's in Atlanta, Georgia.
And of course in Georgia, they don't like no Hankey spanky.
Especially if it includes no dark folks,
they don't like that.
And there's lots of dark folks in Georgia.
Wilson's original sentence,
fragitated tribal molestation,
was widely criticized on the grounds.
It was grossly disproportionate to the crime.
A crime! What are we talking about here?
Wake up America!
And state lawmakers later passed a lot of
clothes to the loophole that led to the 10-year sentence.
Wilson now 21 has already served more than 27 months
over two years in the slamer.
He could remain behind bars while the appeal proceeds.
A jury found the honor student killed the in 2005
of aggravated tribal molestation,
for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl
during a 2003 New Year's Eve party involving
booze and marriage aweeney.
Although the sex act was consensual,
it was illegal under Georgia law.
Oh! Those Georgia laws!
It's almost enough to make me crank up
that song with a real bad first note.
Oh! Yeah.
Everything even looked in the Sodom in Georgia.
Is it done or illegal?
I guess it was.
Anyway, it says Wilson was also charged with rape
for being one of several male party goers
at the Douglas County Hotel to have sex
with a 17-year-old girl, but was acquitted.
The party was captured on a videotape
that was played for the jury.
Several influential people including former president Jimmy Carter,
step forward to support Wilson,
as Laura could be heard of plotting in the office
after the order was released,
and Ricky Tiki-Santis was in there.
Ah! I'll hyperventilate.
There's your president in Albania.
They finally found a place where they like him.
And the first president pushes help in ending communism.
Oh my God.
One America.
Albania.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're mama.
I don't know if you lost it.
Talk about the par-shane, man.
Look at that.
That's what Albanians look like.
Forget about it.
But they like George Bush, man, in Albania.
Let's take a look at that pool
and see if Chris is going to get that thousandth sour.
I have a feeling.
That's fine.
1974, where you got it.
Of course.
You got it, man.
When Fidel finally dies,
not Cuban couldn't care less 67.6%,
659.
I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba, 59.
I'm Cuban. I couldn't care less 57.
I'll be so grief-stricken, how will I ever go on, 41?
I'll write a Cuban cigar, 37.
I'll drink a Cuban cup of seat,
or get a Cuban sandwich, 28.
I wonder if they have a Cuban sandwich in Taco Bell, I guess not.
No, Miguel's eating Taco Bell right now.
Is he? Yeah, he hasn't.
Well, now did I influence him on anything?
I haven't done anything. He said no, he's a coincidence.
Yeah, yeah. See, he won't give me credit for anything.
Even a 1400 in some odd, I'll take a look at him and see how many we got on the Myspace in your face.
1430, I think. I think it's more than that.
We have a lot of friends. Some are real friends,
and some are like Erzatz.
And some were wannabe friends like Greg from Port Saint Lucie.
And I said, I don't think so. Bye-bye, denied.
Go away.
I'll send them some tires on Fire 25.
I'll put the house up for sale and move to Cuba 14.
Bye-bye, Adios.
I'll play a Cina Cruz CD-12.
I'll stop my car in the middle of a bridge 12.
I'll join a street recession and blow my horn constantly 12.
I'll fire a gun to the ear eight like it's the Fourth of July.
But that's coming up pretty soon, the Fourth of July.
Oh, here's the surprise list.
So Prano-Solens.
Oh, that's coming up. That was a different story.
See, I hate when they do that.
They tease another story and are sharing you some other crap.
I'll burn an effigy of Fidel's six, and I'll fly a Cuban flag for.
Quit flying a Cuban flag.
Okay, speak with English and fly a real flag like Canadian.
Certainly not American.
Anybody want to fly an American flag these days?
No. Like the ones on the...
They're like those flag-grave coffins that they don't want you to see.
Because it's bad for business.
It's bad for the Bushmeister and for Bandar Bush.
Did you see on NBC News the other night?
Friday, I think it was a Thursday.
Thursday.
All the billions of dollars that Bandar Bush and his family...
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And he said, corruption.
What's wrong with corruption?
He said that.
What's wrong with corruption?
And you wonder why he's, you know,
Parton Parcel of the Crooked Bush family.
It's the Saudis, baby.
That's why we don't pull off Saudi Arabia.
Because they're the Bush's buddies.
They're in bed together.
Literally and figuratively.
And you notice how he's always holding hands with the Saudis too?
I think there's more there than meets the eye.
And believe me, from a guy like me who knows how to wear a dress and a skirt...
I wish I would have heard that whole thing from Friday morning.
Because I probably would have gone more ballistic.
And as soon as I start talking about it,
we open up the phones, believe it or not,
and talk about 80s, 80s, and calls.
Remember, Chris, fall was smoke at the bill.
Which is amazing that there were actually that many people listening to our morning show,
especially at 7.30 in the morning.
That's why I got that better trend.
Is that what it is?
Yeah. Well, too bad.
There's still history.
I guess a lot of shows just in their last shows,
those shows, for whatever reason.
Just like my Blackberry buzzing there,
just at that moment, they get a fluke number.
I mean, a big number.
984, going for a few more.
And once we get to 1000,
during the summer months, don't I start looking for any setting quotas, numbers like that?
Nothing about 300 done in summer.
Now, is that I'm Tuesday and Thursday?
Or Monday and Wednesday and Friday?
Yes. I see.
In other words, even on Tuesday and Thursday,
you think I'm only got 300 votes on my polls?
You're a dreamin' baby. I'm gonna pull my stir.
Think if you wanna go for 300 and get more than that, then it's a great day.
Yeah. Or you're going fast.
Let me click it one more time.
984. If I go in anywhere.
As soon as I say that, Eric puts his foot on a break and he's playing with us.
You do know that, don't you?
Yeah.
He's doing with us. And that's okay.
Just keep sending those bills for the band with there.
No problem. Just keep pouring the money out.
You do realize I'm supporting this show and I know, well, they're paying you a lot of money.
Yeah, but what is that kind of to with it?
I think what I ought to do is when I come back from vacation,
take one of those days I have off,
and sit down for a couple hours and figure out all the office supplies,
all the facts, machines, all this other stuff.
And just to express it all.
And there will be, what did you say?
There will be a bunch of people that are like be swooning in, in, uh,
accounting. They'll be swooning.
Although my paycheck did show up on Friday. It wasn't doing until today.
You see how I've got them trained thanks to Fat Ass Jolly Joe.
Just don't give out my phone number again, Fat Ass Jolly Joe. Please.
New.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
I'm the food chain of life. You are an amoeba.
Ah! Even the cart return guy marks you as you head to the supply room to stock up.
God, it takes a minute.
While your peers acquire their job skills at the local community college,
you learn everything you've ever needed to know in that rancid
toilet at the corner gas station.
The bakery is right there.
When you take your work home with you, it usually involves some sort of nasty rash.
Ah! You don't get hit.
But there's a certain satisfaction to coming to the rescue of an iBS sufferer,
I'm Taco Day.
I'm Taco Day.
So we salute you.
Mr. Public Restaurant toilet tissue dispensary filler guy.
Your plunger, your land yard, and your calisins.
You are a real American A-hole.
Oh, but there are so many men in so little time.
1231 and 560 over the QA.
Chris is gone.
And why do I keep giving you credit?
You haven't got a damn thing to do with a 995 vote.
Because you're so kind.
Because I'm just a hell of a good guy.
That's it.
And Brandon, meanwhile, I think you need to go back to work, Brandon.
Okay, take a short vacation like Brandon today.
He sent me all these pictures of all these different kinds of food.
He just sent me a picture of some macaroni and cheese, like a big vat of it.
Oh my god.
That looked so creamy and so sour.
That looked so creamy and so sour.
Creamy, huh?
That's like sending kitty porn to a pedophile.
Right.
And then, anytime he sent me some French onion soup that looked really crappy,
it had way too much bread, too many big croutons in it, you know?
Wow.
I hate that.
Our good friend Sherwood Ross, remember, was it where you was the last week of the week before?
Sherwood Shorts?
Sherwood Ross.
He said that fast and thank me for reading that article.
Is that on the internet?
Yes, yes, I do.
Well, get with it.
So now Sherwood sends me in the morning early before I get up.
He sends me the articles before he sends me along the smirking chip.
Sweet.
Oh, news bulletin from Inside Radio just came on my blackberry here.
What is it?
Who is it, merges?
Wicks and Marketron merge.
Does that mean anything to anybody here?
The rival traffic and building software provider shake hands and combine it with the
Marketron broadcast solutions never heard of either one of them I don't care.
Get off of my blackberry and get out of my life.
Inside Radio My Ass.
Oh, do you hear what De La just said?
He said My Ass.
Yeah, that's why I said My Ass.
My Fat Ass.
Right, don't.
Not as fat as Jim DeFeedus though.
So you're making fun of all these fat people.
You know, it's...
No, no, no, no, no.
You're fat and ugly.
You're going to die.
You're going to die.
That's bad.
Now, we'll just be kind to you and say that.
See, George is just doing a little psychology.
That's right.
You want to stay in this.
You know.
You're going to embarrass them and of course it works in reverse because then you become
frustrated and you've got a lot more.
Look, I've been through it all before.
If you're stressed out, you eat.
If you're not stressed out, you eat.
If you're bored, you're eaten.
If you're busy, you eat.
Right.
I know all about it.
And how many fat people do you have to bury before you know the pattern already?
About third, man.
Jim DeFeedus.
And then there are others.
I don't know what it's called.
Well, I'm telling you.
He went to awfully pump on the Belmont Telecast on the ESPN Saturday.
I watched...
Let me say it again in case you tune in like one of the great races I've ever seen in my life.
Right?
The rich is the filly on the outside, edges out the heavily favored curling and don't give me
that crap about the five pounds.
Okay?
If it was another cult that won because he had a five pound allowance, I would have been one thing
but he wouldn't have had it.
Don't give me that crap.
Now, why is this thing buzzing and ringing all this crap?
TomPain.com.
Go away, okay?
I don't want this thing buzzing today.
There's not going to be anything on there that I want to hear unless of course it's from
Jolly Jo Bell saying, oh, I'm so sorry.
I gave you your number out to Kim Boat Camp or any...
Oh, oh, oh, like that.
Which I don't want to hear that either.
Just quick giving it out.
Okay, quick acted like you're the manager of my phone number and like he's the great mediator,
you know?
I mean, what do I have to do with Boat Camp?
Well, what do I have to do with him?
I don't know, but...
You've got to know him better.
You'd find you had things in common.
I don't have anything in common with him as far as you know.
Nothing, maybe.
I never wore a jock strap except in a high school gym class.
I never took showers and they could dig with guys.
But you want to do it?
But you want to do it in a high school gym class.
What?
I would have to do that.
But I would have to take a shower of Brady Quinn.
You bet.
See?
What?
You and Kim could both go shower with Brady Quinn.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I think Kim Boat's showering with Ethan Skolnik, if you ask me, sure spends a lot of time
in his bathroom out there that.
Sherwood Ross, Bush preventative ward doctor in a glaring figure in the Middle East.
Isn't it a shame that interrupt all these other good conversations with these ponderous articles?
But it's by Sherwood Ross, our good friend.
So you know it's going to be good.
He writes him good crap.
Now that there's more food, Brandon, if you don't call sending me pictures of food.
See, a lot of people think it's funny.
You know, this is not my friend.
I thought I had a good thread down here.
You know what it is?
It's a gigantic banana split.
In your life, in your life, you've never, even at what you call it in Daniel, the ice cream joint.
Jaquers.
Try to get the water.
Even in Jackson's, you've never seen a concoction this big.
What word did you say?
Oh, man.
Thousand eight votes by the way you got it, Chris.
Yeah, they're speaking to five people.
Now, can I read this thing without looking at these pictures of food?
No.
That's evil.
Man, that's really evil.
And here I'm getting ready to go on vacation.
What I need to do is lose about four pounds this week before I go.
And you want to know what they have on the damn rack?
It's a really simple, especially in the middle of June ice cream.
Ben and Jerry's.
Oh, yeah, man.
It's J-A-M-I-N, which in Dutch, they don't pronounce the J.
It's, yeah, man.
It's a candy store, but in the front part, they've got a Ben and Jerry's.
A scoop thing, you know.
And I will confess on a hot day, I mean, what could be possibly better than a hot part
Sunday unlike some good Ben and Jerry's, preveals and cream, or heavily hash?
Oh, or fish food?
Mmm.
You didn't say berries and cream, did you?
Mmm.
No, I did not.
Buries and cream?
Buries and cream?
Buries and cream?
Buries and cream?
Where the hell did that come from?
Oh, I just pulled it out of my butt.
I did, really?
I got berries and cream in there.
Yeah.
Oh, probably Dingo berries and cream.
You know it.
Sure would Ross Ram.
I'm just, I'm drowning in a sea of food.
See, I'm trying to do my best, okay?
Didn't have a bad weekend.
I didn't need anything.
I'll really go test over the weekend.
Didn't have like no big tub of ice cream, nothing like that.
Anyway, sure would Ross as comics have said everything George Bush knows about foreign policy he learned at the International House of Pancakes.
That's not quite true.
Somewhere he internalized the model, heavyweight boxer Tony Galinto.
Troll foist.
Just as Galator took an awful drawing from heavyweight champ Joe Lewis, Mr. Bush cleansed
basically the ropes in Iraq.
His surge is only intensifying the slaughter.
And his latest stumbling response has been to annoy the new chairman of the joint chiefs to replace General Peter Pace,
who reportedly opposed the idea of using nuclear weapons against Iran.
Recall preventive war is the heart of the Bush doctrine.
It was Mr. Bush, after all, who told the word that the world that he reserved for America, the prerogative of striking first,
just like Tony Galento, Troll foist.
That doctrine writes international relations expert Andrew J. Bassovich, where is it Basevich,
and the new American militarism?
Represents the clearest articulation of the date of the preventive war fallacy, a philosophy.
Basevich, a graduate of West Point and Vietnam veteran notes preventive war is designed not to warn or wound,
it is to kill quickly and efficiently, and the only acceptable standard of performance is the first round knockout.
By that reckoning, the Iraq war is an epic failure.
The US military machine, which defeated Saddam Hussein's Republican guard in a major tank battle in the Gulf War,
has ground a well halt in the streets of Baghdad, much as Hitler's panzers designed for lightning war in the prairies of Europe,
were immobilized in the rubble of Stalingrad.
However, one of the vagabases accomplishments has war-present, the fact remains that Bush succeeded in his office,
possessing only the most rudimentary grants for the military arts and sciences Basevich points out,
although the determined to finish off Hussein at the first opportunity, Bush did not bring with him a comprehensive,
ready-made conception, for out of deal with the incongruities that plagued US policy in the greater Middle East,
right-spacific director of the Boston University Center for International Relations.
Even before Bush took off, as though the US was moving toward the Bush doctrine thanks to President Reagan,
who refashioned American attitudes about military power, and began reorienting the Pentagon on the Islamic World Basevich rights,
President Bush pulled the trigger, but Reagan first cocked the weapon he opines, the author says, Reagan laid the groundwork.
What word did you say? You heard it, I was just waiting for that.
In 1983, Reagan upgraded the Persian Gulf intervention force to status of a full-fledged, regional headquarters to become the chief instrument for US policy,
diplomatic as well as military throughout the Persian Gulf and Central Asia.
Reagan accelerated the conversion of tiny British-owned Diego Garcia and Indian Ocean from a minor US communications facility into a major, forward support base.
Reagan positioned large stocks and supplies and equipment on preloaded ships to facilitate rapid transit US-combat forces to the Persian Gulf, as early as 1990.
The US had 25 vessels in this afloat pre-positioning force.
Reagan got overflight rights and agreement to permit US military access to reinforce in Morocco, Egypt and elsewhere in the region to support introduction of major American forces.
Reagan re-WS efforts to cultivate client states throughout arms sales and training programs for the SEVCH rights, the latter administered by the US military, US back private contractors, employing large numbers of former US military personnel.
In short, by the time Reagan departed office, the skids had been greased. The national security bureaucracy was well on its way to embracing a highly militarized conception of how to deal with a challenges posed by the Middle East.
Reagan's seemingly slacked Ash's Islamic pudding turned out after all to have a theme says Besevedge.
Whether considering the first President Bush's 92 incursion in its Samaria, President Clinton's 99 war for Cossable, or President Bush's 2003 crusader overthrow Hussein,
the growing US predilection for military intervention in recent years has so mangled the concept of common defense outlined in the preamble of the US Constitution as to make it all but unrecognizable Besevedge asserts.
Congress has failed egregiously he rights to assume its responsibility of deciding whether or when the nation should intervene abroad, hiding behind the skirts as such phrases as support our commander in chief and support the troops, hiding behind those skirts.
Besevedge calls on the US to view the use of force only as a last resort and renounce the Bush doctrine of preventive war, preventive war which irrigates to the US for rougatives allowed no other nation and in the long one can only make Americans less secure.
He calls on the US to draw down its overseas gyrisons and begin treating US allies as partners rather than vassals.
The author recalls America's first President George Washington warned against those overgrown military establishments which under any former government are inauspicious delivery and which are to be regarded as especially hostile to Republican liberty.
If the US continues to exercise its military dominance upon the world, it will share the fate of all those when ages passed have looked to war and military power to fulfill their destiny Besevedge's war.
The US will rob future generations of the rightful inheritance. We will wreak havoc abroad, will endanger our security at home, will we risk the forefurture of all that we prize anybody in Congress listening question mark rights showed Ross.
No relation by the way to Spencer Ross.
The West Side of macaroni-need generation little white dude, newtally looking lines on your nose.
Those a little, those are magick.
Who are you calling a fricking?
I said magick, magick, you need your hearing check.
What do you know about that sound?
Now see here, the health of sport whosers and poof.
In case management has an encounter with other sport whosers, then there is sure of them being in the pink.
So to speak, and more exciting in the bedroom.
That must be the reason why they run so many men's health spots.
Why sure? So as they can see how to man better here.
That's why I'm telling them about the macaroni-degeneration.
It's macaro-o-ni-dig-dig-dig-generation, come and huts you.
Go and strong, go go go go.
That's macaro-di-generalizer!
Watch a jump.
Behind all like no mysterious wind.
Now put yourself behind some place.
We've got a lot to see, see?
When you go drive in on the street.
From 47 me, macaroni-degeneration.
I'm suffering from it myself right now.
Enough with the food, everybody. Stop with the food already.
Everybody's a food pusher today.
It's nothing to be a pusher.
What does that mean?
Could you hit the word he said?
Yeah, exactly.
Could you explain it to us?
Yeah, I'm not going to use it in a sentence someday.
Carlos Stranger, right?
Now what kind of name is that for a guy that writes in Israel?
He's a stranger.
Yeah, he's a stranger.
S-T-R-E-N-G-E-R.
I guess he could pronounce that stranger.
Carlos Stranger.
He's professor of psychology at television university.
Boy!
Sounds like a goi to me, but nevertheless.
Why Israel does not engage with the Saudi initiative?
One of the most puzzling aspects of Israeli policy over the last five years.
As a neither of these sure-own or the omelette governments have given the Saudi peace initiative.
Any serious consideration.
For most of its existence, Israel could only dream of an offer that explicitly includes peace,
recognition of Israel's right to exist, and normalization of its relationship with the Arab world.
Why, then, is Prime Minister A. Hood-Oll-Murder offering nothing but lip service to the Saudi initiative?
And why did former Prime Minister Ariel Sherone never even indicate that he took its service at all?
And speaking of Ariel Sherone, by the way, heard anything about him lately?
No, what's happened to her?
Don't hear a word about him.
Not even her.
At least Terry and her.
She used to hear about that a little bit.
Anyway, it goes on to say there are good reasons to believe that the Saudi initiative ratified by the Arab State League
stems from solid and tangible interest on the Arab side.
The Saudis and other regimes in the Arab are afraid that the Middle East could disintegrate into chaotic disarray
if the tide of sectarianism and the surge of Islamic movements are not him-bed.
Let me just interject this.
If they didn't have oil in the Middle East, you know what our attitude would be about that whole region?
Cobb and Dread.
They believe that the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is one of the most powerful destabilizing factors in the area,
and they have good reasons to think that it fuels Islamic extremism.
The Arab world has come to a point where it's joining the international agitimizing of Israel,
provided by the 1940-70 UN resolution, that endorsed the partition plan,
because it no longer believes that it's in its interest to reject Israel's existence.
Why then does Israel not engage with the Saudi peace initiative?
This initiative, like any Arab proposal, will ever come up,
and it demands a just solution of the refugee problem.
The beef-seated fear of Israel is that the Arab insistence on a solution for the Palestinian refugee problem
is ultimately employed to wipe Israel as a Jewish state off the map,
not through military means, but through demographic means,
by flooding Israel with millions of Palestinians.
But there are models for the resolution of the problem,
and private conversations, influential Palestinians, often say that for them,
and acceptance of the Palestinian writer return is far more about Israel accepting
moral responsibility for the Nakba, literally catastrophe the Palestinian term for Israel's establishment
subsequent refugee crisis, than it is about the physical return of Palestinians
to their homes within 1967 borders.
Here I believe resides the deepest reason for Israel's reluctance to actively engage with the Saudi initiative.
Israeli public discourse and national consciousness have never come to terms with the idea,
accepted by historians of all venues today, that Israel actively drove 750,000 Palestinians
from their homes in 1948, and hence as at least partial responsibility for the Palestinian Nakba.
This has not happened this very day, because this idea is seen as undermining the foundation of the Zionist enterprise,
and legitimacy of Israel's existence.
It is as if we were locked in an insoluble dilemma,
either we deny responsibility for the Nakba, or we need to accept that we have no right to be here.
This is the source of the deep fear that prevents Israel from meeting the Arab world face to face,
and saying, we are here and we believe that you accept our existence.
Since Israel has not come to terms with its part and its historical responsibility for the Palestinian Nakba,
it cannot truly believe that Arabs could accept our presence in the Middle East.
We are locked into a vacillation between self-images of either all good or all bad,
and hence continue the occupation of the territories, with all the horrors and includes,
because the idea of Israel being guilty of anything is still acquitted with the denial of our right to be here.
The only way out of this day, lock is to raise the question of how Israel can live with its responsibility
for the Nakba in the public discourse.
The dilemma of either we are morally impeccable or we have no right to be here needs to be replaced
with a narrative that accepts Israel's moral, historical, and political reality as its complex and multi-layered as that of most nations.
In the best of all possible worlds and as ready statesmen,
are rare commodity in the age of mere politicians,
would arise in tele-Palestinians,
Israel came into existence in tragic circumstances that inflicted great suffering and injustice on your people.
We accept responsibility for our partners' tragedy, even though we can't fully rectify it.
Let's sit together and see how we can end the vicious cycle of violence and suffering and live side by side,
or as Frank Suleev would say, live side by each.
This is not likely that it happened in the immediate future,
a Jewish Israeli politician would say such a thing would become unelectable.
Hence it's up to the citizenry to bring this issue into public consciousness,
otherwise Israeli policies will continue to be devoid of any creativity and political horizon,
and will miss historic opportunities that may not return,
where it's called Stranger, a professor of psychology at the University of the University.
He's a stranger.
Now, how come I never got better? I don't know. I don't think I still have it in handy.
You don't still have it? You're a stranger?
Of course I have it, somewhere. I just don't have it.
Jesus, God Almighty, I think it's some really good stuff.
You know, like those Godfather drops that I think are new since you were last with us.
You're a stranger?
There you go. All those Tesio drops.
Tom can you get me old dog?
Room time's sake. Can't do it, Sally.
And then again...
Tom, my husband was only a business.
I always liked him.
And then...
It scrums up all my arrangements.
No, it's...
Pretty simple to have the whole dialogue from the Godfather,
just in like little bits and pieces, won't that be, I'm sorry?
And then one day on the summertime when it's really like a little slow,
you can just play the whole thing.
That will?
Well, here's the dialogue from the Godfather,
and of course that's from the 18-hour-united inversion,
with all the good stuff in there.
I think I'm gonna go back and look at that picture of the bananas put again,
and that should satisfy me for the whole day.
Shouldn't?
It shouldn't.
But it won't.
It'll only make me ravenous.
ravenous or gruminous.
Mmm.
Oh, here's the surprise of this final.
Don't worry. We're not going to tell you exactly how it ended,
but we can't tell you how it ended because it didn't.
Yeah, yeah, so abruptly,
that viewers across the US were left wondering whether they're cable
or satellite systems that just blinked out as the screen cut the black.
That's right, look, I'm very unhappy.
In fact, the ending elicited so much reaction,
it temporarily crushed the HBO website,
and we should point out...
Crush their ass, man.
Which is the series, is the system company of CNN?
Well, screw it, screw it, see that figures,
and if it's evil it has to do with CNN,
make no mistake about it.
I'm telling you right now, they're off my list.
The media is sick, and they're not bad.
You tell them, honey.
1038 on your poll, Chris.
1038 if I was stupid, I'd read the result again,
but then that would be a big tune out because it's ponderous.
I'm not taking on Charlie Beagin, just ponderous.
I think it's time for one of our ethnic polls again.
Okay, although it's probably not a good idea to do it now
because everybody's on vacation,
but nevertheless, that makes it kind of a challenge.
See how many people we still have out there?
You know, 2,300?
The only thing you need to know about this poll,
when Fidel finally dies,
I'm not Cuban, couldn't care less.
175, 68% and I am Cuban, couldn't care less.
61, another 508%.
So like 73%, couldn't give a flying crap.
And the people that are all immersed in that,
and well, wound up and went,
they're not listening to us anyway.
They're not on our website.
They're busy with a radio mom bee,
and the same, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap,
and we help with Fidel, come on East,
they're coming to, same old, tired crap.
The same repetitive, huzzarai
that has plagued South Florida for 150 years,
or at least 47 anyway.
Am I right?
Right?
Same old, same old man.
And of course, men 18 plus those stations,
they do grade.
It's mostly men 65 plus.
Old cockers, men who were down there in Domino Park,
doing their yinter routine about the same old type of,
I guess there's no more parades in parties going on.
I'm not bound to be able to these,
these are kind of waddling around a little bit.
I reckon not.
Well, a little premature evaluation if he acts me.
Proffit the 6 at 5, 60 W,
and mad dog we're back to,
we're like a kind of a regular schedule today.
For a few days anyway.
Then Georgia will be on on Thursday at 1 o'clock and then Friday,
and then all next week.
Now you're going to be taking a lot of calls,
I'm sure that.
You bet.
Good.
Yeah, I do bet.
I had a nice morning again at Woodbun on Saturday.
Aren't you pleased, aren't you proud?
The 2000 on the line popped out there, maybe.
I don't want to go into a whole gambling thing
because it's really ponderous and boring.
Although the audience does take notes occasionally,
I was up 800 bucks and then it took every dime back to
the same machine.
I was getting ready to leave it.
I thought, well, this thing just died.
But I boom, too grand on the line, man.
That's a nice sight, you know, a 2000 on the line.
Yeah, and when I was playing out my credits,
here's another 300 more on the line.
And I grabbed those tickets and I ran.
I didn't waddle out of there.
I didn't walk out.
I ran out before they could take it back.
When it's out, run to hell out.
I didn't take it out!
Oh!
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I was in the middle of the night.
I can't blame you for saying that I've had it.
Everyone's brains are washed out of added things.
The things that they should always be.
They care more about American idols
and getting smoothed by this smile.
They won't go to get this small part there.
They're waiting to see the dimension.
I can't blame you.
Oh, I'm going to make your whotties inside you.
I can't blame you.
Oh, I'm going to make sure.
Oh, I'm going to make sure.
Oh, there is no God.
And here's proof.
We're just going to be anxiety, the emotion, the anticipation.
We're sitting down there with a little lefty on.
Go check on that guy's condition, Rick's still dead.
Ricky Tiki Sanchez on CNN.
And on the other side of the screen was that bitch here.
What's her name again?
The one I hate like poison?
I can't think of her name.
I had to go read in front of her name.
I can't stand her.
Oh, God.
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
But I like Bella the Gossi and drag.
Kira Phillips, excuse me.
Hado Tracey Norland is listening.
I got your package.
It was opened.
There were two stickers in here.
I hope there was more than that.
It was completely open.
Just the wide open.
Two stickers with why?
Fumma stickers.
One says your father never trusted him.
And Roth, it's a bumper sticker.
It's going on my cabinet.
And the other one says RIP, MoGreen, and it's got a pair of glasses with a bullet hole in one lens.
Huh.
Both very cute.
I'm going to put them right up.
But somebody opened the package?
The package is like wide open and then just and the sticker was hanging out.
I'm MoGreen.
Yeah, great.
Hey, MoG.
Guess who knows how many cool stickers were in here or what else might have been in here that somebody stole?
You're suggesting inside the building or like how?
I don't know.
It was sort of a...
Somewhere in transit between River Tacey and Tracey.
The envelope is all beat to crap, so it was probably the postal guys.
Yeah, you're postal guys with the light fingers, man.
Oh, there's a...
Look at this.
Nice pastrami sandwich with some beautiful bill pickles on the side.
Mmm.
Getting flooded with food.
I should take off right now.
I'll guarantee you 206.
I'll be at the counter at Taco Bell.
Guaranteed.
Chris has got 1,057 boats.
We're going for 1100 today.
First of all, it's a really crappy poll.
I mean, there's only one answer there that most people, you know, either you're not Cuban or you are Cuban
and you couldn't care less.
You know, I whipped up to a friend's about Fidel, okay?
Who cares?
He's going to die.
Someday he'll die, just like all the rest of us.
Someday he'll croak.
See this kid, he was 17.
The girl was 15.
There was oral sex going on.
They both say it was consensual, but in Georgia it's a crime.
And they had him in there for, he served plenty seven months in a slamer for oral sex act with a 15-year-old girl.
And he's 17.
It's not like he's 40 and she's 15.
See what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
Zyna America baby, living in the dark ages in the stone age.
In Georgia.
You know, I think of places we did that poll one time.
What would be the state you'd least want to live in, you know, in the Dakota's, of course did really well.
And Utah and Wyoming.
Georgia baby, Georgia on my mind.
And of course Kansas, you know, where evolution doesn't have it.
Obviously evolution never has taken place in Kansas.
Maybe someday.
From Key West to Jupiter, South Americans are more likely than other Florida voters to feel sucked.
By high living costs, more mistrustful of local government, and more trapped by the started property tax system
that they're more willing to reform, even if it costs them a new poll show.
Everyday we had a new poll.
And Charlie B doesn't even do these other polls.
The sense of instability has led half of the sufferings compared with 37% statewide to recently considered moving elsewhere according to ways out of the international poll conducted for the Harold and Channel 4 in association with the Palm Beach Posting Channel 12.
You understand that?
Nope.
The Harold Channel 4, the Post Channel 12, all of these...
All of these things.
Ah, whatever that means.
The new poll of 800 one likely Florida voters will give some ammunition to state lawmakers.
And the 11-day session reform property taxes, starting tomorrow, they'll consider tax rate rulebacks, caps and exemptions, or estimated 31.6 billion dollars over five years to local governments.
But voters would have to approve at least half of the cuts in January.
Also have new ones to use in property taxes.
Many voters don't appear to be in the state of crisis, suggested by state legislators, and gay, governor Charlie Christ, rhymes with limperist.
Also voters aren't clear on how much sky high housing costs priced them out of the market, where if the quirks on the tax quit imprison them in their own houses.
And by the way, the reason I made those comments about you, OJ, is because, let me say it again, in my opinion, you don't belong on the ear.
You're not a broadcast due today. You weren't one last week. You weren't one six weeks ago as you've always, and seven years from next to the tissue above, you're still not going to be a broadcast due, okay?
You're a pretty good role player. That's it.
Did I make my point or what?
No, I didn't understand. Can you go over it again?
No.
The expansion of taxable gambling was the most popular choice among voters, where as to they prefer to offset the cost of tax cuts.
Taxable gambling.
Next voters said they'd like to increase property tax exemptions, and lastly they'd prefer to offset cuts by swapping homeowner taxes for a sales tax increase.
Christ and the anti-gambling GOP legislature won't countenance gambling.
Rejected the sales tax swap this spring, and settle on the plan for rollbacks caps in the supersizing of home state exemptions.
Floridians buy a vote of 54 to 39% so they would oppose cutting taxes if they knew I'm reducing local government services.
But by a 52 to 43 spread, they don't believe such reductions would happen.
Despite the claims of city and county governments, many of which tax and spent heavily in the now-ended real estate boom.
Antico's on. It's a bunch of goods.
And it's on our website. It's in the here old. And of course, if it's in the here old, it might be true, you know?
There might be some more pictures of food on here I missed.
I'm sure there are. Oh, yeah, it's a big, what is that?
Is it like a chocolate milkshake, something like that? Soda? Oh boy.
It's like a New York ed cream, something like that. I don't know what that's.
Is that good? I never had one of those. And I cream? Yeah.
I'm surprised because they're from up there. Let me say it again. I never had one in my life.
I'm still surprised. Why?
Because it's an old-timer thing from the northeast New York area like you.
I'm not from the New York area, okay? I love the girl.
New York State. Oh my god. New York City.
New York State are like mixed in apples with blood.
Whatever. What are you talking about? Yeah. New York is New York.
Owner Mark Cuban, former president Jimmy Carter, the editorial board of the New York Times.
You know something that looks like they stuck a...
Q is...
Correct them.
And he's on helium or something. Ricky Tiki's saying that he's just out of control.
That... like that. God the way this spies him.
Yeah. It's a New York ed cream is what it is.
And let me say it again. In New York City for example, you know what they call...
No, I don't know.
...Poking Cola for example, or an orange drink.
Potsoda.
Soda.
Yeah, that's what they call it here.
You know what we call them, Nupstate New York and here.
Pop. Pop. Pop.
That's correct. Sure. And the montagne. Pop.
It goes to Weasel.
The...the...the...the...the...the...the...dric compared watches to a New York City.
It's ridiculous. You don't know your upstate New York stuff.
No, I don't. But everybody makes the same mistake.
Oh, and you're from New York.
The North...
The New York. I'm from Rochester.
New York.
You can't believe me. I'm not proud of it.
Listen, ed creams are an old-time North Eastern thing.
We didn't know from no ed creams in Rochester.
Okay.
I betcha they did.
And how about White Hots in Rochester?
Do you think they have White Hots in New York in New York City?
Probably didn't tell you because you were a judge.
They were probably mugger ass in New York back in those days.
If you went down there looking for a White Hot.
They say, I got something White Hot for you.
It's my foot right up your old...
Back up.
Shoot, baby.
Ass.
Get out of here.
Everybody does the same thing.
Oh, on New York is...you know, New York City.
It's really such thing.
How about Buffalo wings?
You think Buffalo wings are big in New York City?
I have no idea.
I doubt it.
How about grinders?
You know, sub-sandwiches and grinders.
Every region has got its own thing like Boston, the head of the grinders.
Yeah.
I never had a migraine.
And I don't want one.
I didn't even...
You know what it looks like crap?
It looks like watery chocolate milk.
It's with a bunch of...
It's not unlike...
It's like a chocolate custard milk thing.
Why?
Vanilla in it.
I don't know what it's like.
Chocolate custard milk.
Somebody said you were a recipe or something?
I don't want no recipe.
I'm seeing a picture of it here.
It looks like cacao man.
It looks delicious.
As the Chinese say, it looks delicious.
That's right.
New York Ed Cream My Ass.
Now, if I want to go back to the picture of that banana split though on the other hand,
I would say,
Ah!
Far were you, I'd head for Jackson's in Dany right after work.
I just go over and say,
Just take a bucket.
Everything in there is good.
I know that.
That's what I'm saying.
Just take a bucket and fill it up with all your great concoctions.
Hot Buds and butter scotch and caramel and...
Just about 25 scoops of ice cream.
Just put it in a bucket and...
And eat it and pour like a bottle of whole can of ready whip on top.
And then like a gallon of hot fudge on top of the whole thing.
Put on a cup of milk and a bath tub and just top into it.
See, there are those people who don't really care about food.
Those people I find,
I hate the number one and number two I find them very boring.
Can we all agree that food is one of the most meaningful parts of life?
Sure.
We're all agree on that, Chris.
Chris has been very quiet.
You know what, I've been describing all of these foods and giving these pictures out
from my close personal friend Brandon,
who's not even in the will and he's trying to give me the croak today.
I don't get that.
I can understand you doing it, you know.
Right.
Because you need the money now.
Right now.
Maybe Josh will only a little bit of his.
You're a little bit both of you.
God.
Well, I know my sister all my life.
That is why she's now my wife.
And I think my son may know it's true.
He's my nephew too.
Well, my daddy is my uncle.
Joe, my mother is my dear grandfather.
It is very plain to see you.
My first cousin is me.
Oh!
One sixteen and five sixty WQM.
The Bush administration cannot legally detain you as resident.
It believes is an al-Fat asleep region without charging him.
A divided federal appeals court rule today.
The courts are sanctioning the indefinite detentions of Indians,
would have disastrous consequences for the Constitution and the country.
In the two to one decision, the fourth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel,
found that the Federal Military Commission's act doesn't strip Ali Al-Mari,
a legal U.S. resident of his constitutional rights and challenges accuses in court,
a rule that government must allow him to be released from military detention.
Al-Mari has been held in the South's air confinement in Navy,
Brick and Charleston, South Carolina.
Since June of 2003, the gutter, now we're going to pronounce that gutter,
or as if Qatar, how do we say that?
Q-A-T-O?
I think they say gutter.
The gutter religion in the native has been detained since December 2001,
arrest at a Soman P.O. Illinois, where he moved with his wife and five children
and baby four and nine-legged terrorists to tax to study for a master's degree.
The sanctions such presidential authority to order the military to season
and definitely detain civilians, even if the president calls them enemy commens,
would have disastrous consequences for the Constitution and the country the court panel said.
Thank God.
Now here's another MySpace thing.
So speaking of Ben and Jerry's, they sell in their scoop shops and on their website,
jars of hot fudge which are unbelievable.
This is just what I need before going on vacation, isn't it?
I'm being barred in on all sides.
And then I got to over here a picture of a gourmet macaroni and cheese.
It's like in one of those big crocs like the French onion soup and crisp on top, brown on top.
Oh man.
I just want to jump into that computer, man.
Jump right in the monitor and mind your mind.
Also what says here, I finally checked out the briar section of the freezer in public
and saw they have Heathbar ice cream as well as Snickers.
Trust me, trust me, most of the ice cream with the candy bar flavors, they blow.
Snickers and M Oreo, it says they must have dozens of these.
They suck, they blow.
Heathbar, I don't know, that might be okay.
And of course I already told you, briar score.
It says, briars, I was not as dense as Hagen does or Ben and Jerry's.
It's a much area ice cream. It's light.
It's kind of light, you know, feathery, like Peter Pan.
Light in the loafers if somebody might say, you know who might say that?
Oh right.
Although when he says it, he just, you know, it's in humor.
He doesn't go on and on about guys who are like, you know, hiding behind their dress or their skirt
or are afraid to come face to face and say to his face what you said on the radio, you're hiding.
Why did I accept his apology?
I should just hung up the phone, should I?
And what would you have done?
Not for my care.
Well, I'm not hiding in Toronto and wearing a skirt.
So I'll probably be able to put it in the car.
I'll probably be able to put it in the car.
I know you're hiding in Hollywood wearing a skirt, right?
You're just squirting the issue, yeah.
You can feel how big that guy is.
I know how big he is.
He's 7 feet tall and weighs 600 pounds.
That's how many two votes for it Chris, you've got 1,100 licks.
Do you look at whole?
And if you saw these pictures of all these, this food,
what is that thing here I got in my upper left end corner?
Looks like a turd.
Oh God, looks like a turd in some kind of container.
Jesus, what is this stuff?
Oh, it's a Coney Island hot dog.
Oh!
See, that's another thing.
You think in Rochester we had Coney Island hot dogs?
I wouldn't know.
Well, we did not. Of course we did not have that.
We just like didn't have no white hots.
They didn't have Texas hots in New York City either.
In Upstate New York, Texas hots were what you call red hots,
traditional hot dogs, and white hots were our white hots.
Like we used to get from Wayne Island all the time.
Whatever happened to Wayne, by the way?
Remember he called that one day, he said that they were making some progress.
And it was going to be back to me.
And of course that was back in the days when I had the phone on all the time,
we've taken some calls.
He's probably called 100 times.
Well, that was a chili dog.
Oh, God.
I believe the dog part looks like the dog had his way with that thing.
And let's lift a message.
Like Joey Zaza.
Let me get to some stuff I didn't get to on Friday like Paul Krugman,
live, size, and politics.
Because I already read Paul Krugman's article from the Times today.
So if I do this, oh, you already read Paul Krugman,
but you know what?
Too bad.
Too bad.
And you don't have to pay for it either.
How do you like that?
Another public service at No Charge on the world famous legendary Neil Rogers show.
Don't you think that's a pretty dim white of me?
Mighty white.
See there?
Mighty white.
See that?
It's another racial thing.
See, I don't have any room in my life for people of any shape, color,
size, description, who want to turn everything into like an ethnic or racial thing,
or religious thing.
I have no room for that.
In Tuesday's Republican presidential debate poll, right,
Mitt Romney completely misrepresented how we ended up in Iraq.
Later, Mike Huckabee mistakenly claimed it was Ronald Reagan's birthday.
Guess which remarked the Washington Post identified as the Gaffer the Night?
Folks, this is serious.
If early campaign reporting is any guide, the bad media habits that helped
install the worst president ever in the White House haven't changed a bit.
You may not remember the presidential debate of October 3rd 2000, or how it was covered,
but you should.
It was one of the worst moments in election marked by news media failure,
as serious in its way as the later faded question Bush administration claims about Iraq.
Throughout that debate, George W. Bush made blatantly misleading statements,
including some outright lies, for example, in declarative as tax cut that the vast majority of the help
goes to the people at the bottom end of the economic ladder.
That should have told us right then and there that this was not a man to be trusted.
But few news reports floated off the line and said many news analysts chose to critique the candidates acting skills.
Al Gore was declared the loser because he sighed and ruled his eyes, failing to conceal his justified disgust
at Mr. Bush's dishonesty, and that's how Mr. Bush got within chat and butterfly range of the presidency.
Now fast forward, last Tuesday,
that's where we should have invaded Iraq. Mr. Romney said that work had only been avoided
if Sodom had opened up his country to IAEA inspectors and they'd come in and they'd found
that there were no weapons of mass destruction.
He dismissed this as an unreasonable hypothetical.
Except that Sodom did infect law inspectors in. Remember Hans Brix?
Hans Brix?
When those inspectors failed to find non-existent WMD, Mr. Bush ordered them out so we could invade.
Mr. Romney's remark should have been the central story in news reports about Tuesday's debate, but it wasn't.
There wasn't anything comparable to Mr. Romney's rewritten history in the Democratic debate two days earlier,
which was altogether in a higher plane.
Still, some should have called Hillary Clinton under declaration that on healthcare,
we're all talking pretty much about the same things.
While the other two leading candidates have fought with plans for universal or near-universal health coverage,
Edwards and Obama, Mrs. Clinton has so far evaded the issue, but again this one unmentioned in most reports.
By the way, one reason I want healthcare specifics from Mrs. Clinton is that she's received large contributions
from the pharmaceutical and insurance industries, will that deter her from taking those industries on?
Back to the debate coverage, as far as I can tell, no major news organization did any fact-checking of either debate.
And post-debate analyses tend to be horse-raised stuff mingled with theater criticism, assessments not about the candidates said, but about how they came across.
Thus, most analysts declared Mrs. Clinton the winner of her debate because she did the best job of delivering sound bites,
including her Bush-talking point declaration that we're safer now than we were on 9-11.
A claim her advisors later tried to explain the way it's not meaning what it seemed to mean.
Similarly, many in Lysk gave the GOP debate to Rudy Giuliani, not because he made any sense he didn't,
but because he sounded tough saying things like, it's unthinkable that you leave Sodom Hussein in charge of Iraq,
and you still be able to fight the war on terror. Why?
Look, debates involving 10 people are inevitably short on extended discussion, but news organizations should fight the shallowness of the format by providing the facts,
not embraced by reporting on a presidential racism for a high school popularity contest.
For if there's one thing I hope we've learned from the calamity of the last six and a half years,
is that it matters who becomes president, and that listening to what candidates say about substantive issues,
offers a much better way to judge potential presidents than superficial character judgments.
Mr. Bush's tax lies, not his surface amoeiability, were the true guide of how we would govern.
And I don't know how this country, if it can survive another four years of Bush-quality leadership says, Paul Krogman.
Paul, you go, boy.
1100 votes on the nose. Chris has done it today, maybe. He's done sped up all the food.
We're drowning in a sea of food and pictures of food and aromas. Good thing that this thing doesn't...
What's that? What those of those neat little burgers, the little like crystal burgers, you know?
Only their white castles. Somebody's trying to kill you.
What? Somebody's trying to kill you.
Yeah, Brandon. He's not even damn will.
Yeah, yeah.
Where's that, y'all? This your boy, D. Mike.
See how you do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we damn, man, I'm trying to go black them. Some of the righteous. Check this out, y'all.
3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1
4-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1
3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1
3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1
3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1
3-0-1, 3-0-1, 3-0-1, 1-2, brooling the Wart Good Game
3-1-2, bropolting the Pool power
3-0-3, brooling the Pool power
dog before, hopper sold all at five and then after that well, nothing's
tough. Now did you say that Kentucky Fried's got macaroni and cheese is aside?
Yes. Yeah I needed to have any. Have you ever had it?
Sure it's good especially when you put some gravy in there because I love
their gravy I put it on everything. When you put gravy on macaroni and cheese?
Yeah I don't slather it on but just enough to wet my beak.
Oh my god I'm not going to be strictly for goyum.
Well whatever. Wow. The port on everything they have.
That's the fact the mashed potatoes ironically is the the only thing that I don't
like. It's nasty just like I don't know instant hungry jack mashed potatoes.
I can't be having no macaroni and cheese. You can tell you second thing
other than the frozen which you know frozen can be okay because then you
can like I said you can nuke it right longer than you're supposed to by like
about a minute or two minutes and then it's really crispy brown and like I'm
top oh man is that good. But the only place I can think of is the cafeteria
would buy. If you think I'm going to go there again today so I can give back what I
want on Saturday you'll be crazy man. It was like last week and the
chriskin bear me out on this every day. Josh Gordon is just gonna be oh you
should go every day and you wonder why you want to
maybe go every day. So you'd die? No. There was one day that I guess I didn't
get a home later I didn't pay too much attention to the stories on the
website. I sent them like two stories Wednesday. Yeah he liked that. So I guess
he figured if I would yeah that's right that was woodline Wednesday. So he figured
if I would go to win a woodline every day I wouldn't send him a whole bunch of
stories because he's lazy you know. He lost the check but he's lazy. He's a good guy.
It took a lot of crap last week. Didn't he not? Oh definitely everybody hates him.
And everybody says he's gonna go to Vegas with his buddies and get drunk and
keep on his Russian girlfriend even though he was in total to not. Oh not me. That's
what she said. That's what everybody said. Everybody said and George agreed with me by
the way. I didn't say he'd cheat. What'd you say? He's got a screw around. Oh I didn't
cheat and if they don't find him. Bear is square. Well that's a way to do it.
Well let's see I'm reading this thing here. It says most supermarkets with a hot case
have in the Deli section macaroni and cheese with a hot case. How about if I take it in
a briefcase and attack the hot case? Now how do you attack the buffet? Remember that?
So many stupid people in so little time it's so sad. But I sure miss those causes.
The good thing George is gonna be on certain Thursday at one o'clock.
I sure hope they have a big appetite for you and of course he's doing a good job.
Otherwise those tapes you know are always on standby. No. I should have asked the
fat ass Jolly Joe when he called me on Friday. Give me that song today. He is what he is you know.
I guess he called the pacify me. He was like taking my temperature. You know with that
thermometer? Correct. Yeah the rectal one. By the way in case you forgot. Yes you told me so.
About him? Yeah. Why did why do you say that now? Oh because you always say it so I thought
you'd beat you to it. Hey guess what? What? I told you so. I told you about that one okay. He's
a jolly guy. Jolly in the jovial and gives my phone number out to somebody I don't really want
to talk to you know. See I mean you know you you can apologize to somebody for something like that
and try to try to like well other people told me they heard it too. I know. I know.
He didn't hear it himself. The person OJ the juice McDuffie who supposedly was uh was uh
slammed with this racial comment. He didn't hear it either. And to go on the air and like do
uh an all-out attack on me you know all this homophobic crap and I'm up and throughout all hiding
and I don't have the balls to to say to the man's face and be down there and yeah. I'm all I want
anytime I would do the show there in that studio. I always walked on eggshells like with Mo for
example right not one thing about me you know I'm and well and because the guy's six eight in the
former juke what's he gonna do is he gonna we're gonna have a fist fight is at it is he gonna stop
up from 64 year old fang is that is that his idea of being a macho man. No I don't think he
did a woman. No there you go. Well I don't think with glasses anyway. See there you go you're
starting in you're sticking your nose in where you don't believe in or even aware of this word
do you think I know about it. No no no. I told you about it this morning. No. Well don't you fight
it just I mean typical. No no not just typical but just almost unspeakable I mean I kind of
find it funny and retrospect. Do you? Sure. Why is that? I'm sorry I missed it. Just sound like
I sounded like good radio good material you know. I love that sound. Dirty laundry. They love that.
The audience eats it up maybe you're gonna number this time. Well in that case you dirty. Yeah
fill it in make up some words to get in there. Robert. Robert Greeper the Grim Reaper
in Lure the Board. He heard it. Of course I know if you know if I knew that my show was going off
and I had become a grotesque failure I probably would you know be taking that out other people too.
My show isn't going off by the way and we're doing pretty well against all odds. 1157 on the
pool when Fidel finally dies I'm not Cuban couldn't care less 753.65% couldn't care less. There's
little dogs they just showed their own CNN he cares he's pretty pissed off about all you illegal aliens
like George. I have papers. Yeah I bet. Roll my hands. Yeah your little dog didn't number on him.
I'll drink a Cuban now look at that and move it into second place I'll drink a Cuban
cafe seat or eat a Cuban sandwich 85. I'm Cuban couldn't care less 63 you want to know why the
Cuban sandwich moved up there because all the food talk. They're polishing from a baby they want
some lunch and dinner and supper. I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba 61. I'll be so grief
stricken how will I ever go on 44 I'll let a Cuban cigar 44 a big fat one. I'll set a dumpster
some tires on fire 28. Hell I'll put my house up for sale move to Cuba 18 bye bye Adios
I'll stop by car in the middle of a bridge 14 I'll play a Cile Cruz CD 13 I'll join a street
perception and blow my horn constantly 13. I'll fire a gun in the year 11 I'll burn an
effigy if it'll six and I'll fly the Cuban flag still so I'm going to take what to do so
tanto que I'll be four which is good quit flying at them Cuban flag it's a communist flag if you
can't see me you know we could have gone for 1200 if I'd have known it I didn't realize that
that would have been really something you know definitely I'm not your little I'm the 11th of
Hunio I mean I don't want to keep over emphasizing that the town is like when in doubt then
everybody I know is on vacation including me in a couple of days you were just came back from one
but you know if you can if you can get to 12 man then I'll tip my head to you in fact what I'll
do is I'll go into the room and I'll I'll get my cap my baseball cap and I'll tip it to and
you speak into going to the room do you realize I'm dressed now like it was with by in Wednesday
or something like that got my new wire because it 205 I'll be at the counter at Taco Bell all right see
if they have the chimichang I don't think they did they don't have chimichang is there they don't
I know usually regular restaurants have this regular Mexican restaurant with chimichang
well what's all that other crap they got there and they've got those cinnamon things for dessert
yeah 30 does yeah the poison going 30 more than 20 30 oh my god your breasts are beautiful
hello I'm Nizhi Lohan the hottest chicken in the world according to Maxim but this van gets you a
free fastness north coke drive drunk and crash your car apparently not so I want to make this
very special public service announcement don't go to the promises rehab center it doesn't work
and the red bull is served with that vodka and they make you share a room with someone who buys off the
rack it was horrible what oh right um and like don't drive drunk and stop okay is that enough to
give me out of jail time oh my god why so do not want to be paris to sell me 145 at 516 we got
through almost the whole show would like maybe 10 words about Paris okay just 10 words of
derision and astonishment because the media the news media you people are sick or in hell and
they'll come on and they'll decry oh my god this is just terrible this isn't really hard news
but and then they'll go on for another half hour about it you know what I mean oh yeah
oh there's a beautiful piece of p-can pie oh my blood sugar just went up to 900
is there anything you can think of any food richer you know something I think you're going to do
1200 here I just Chris 1187 it's because I gave them the Pepsi challenge whatever that is that
would be stupid to do I have my shoes on now even I've got the good the light on the wall I have
like two two lamps in here I keep on during the show and like on wood buying Wednesday I've got
you know the whole routine you know I turn off the light I got my shoes on my the little pantaloonies
my shirt and I got that all on right now why I give up why because I'm in a food frenzy I'm in a
feeding frenzy is there anything richer than p-can pie not that I don't love an 88 we need
12-oats in 14 minutes it's not even one a minute you're gonna do it let me take a look at
it again at that piece of p-can pie just a small slice can you can you even imagine eating like
a gigantic slice of p-can pie even a pig like me even a glutton like me 1190 you need 10 votes you
got 1200 made today baby on the eleventh day of the day Hunyo whoo that's gonna make the front
page of the Washington Post and the New York Times and Provideno doubt who shoot they don't print
Provideno mode it's a commie pinko newspaper and grandma it's right grandma another day is
that I mean it's a commie paper from Cuba but is that newspaper like available in the
county like a new stands and esponial you're asking me yes I'm asking you you're the resident
speaker's position although I live you live in Hollywood say are there any people who speak
English in Hollywood now that's nervous dead I don't think so yeah lots maybe a few Jews right
them too a new report by the council of Europe League last Thursday to the Guardian New York Times
a March 2007 raw story report identifying a secret CIA detention facility in northeastern Poland
the council's report released Friday confirms authoritatively that secret black sites existed
in both Romania and Poland identifies the location of the Polish facility is being in the
the same location identified by raw stories got the name of some joint which I can't
is it Polish thing like I'm gonna try to read that of course not there is now enough evidence
to state that secret detention facilities run by the CIA did exist in Europe from 2003 to 2005
in particular in Poland and Romania the council's report says the secret detention facilities in
Europe were run directly and exclusively by the CIA it says while it's likely that very few people
in the country's concerned including the government themselves know the existence of the centers
we have sufficient grounds to declare that the highest state authorities were where the
CIA's illegal activities on their territory illegal activities on their territory
I'm talking one of these days when Doug Thompson doesn't have a rant on Capitol Hill blue anymore
he'll I'm telling you right now he's gonna be often pulling somewhere in Potska Polescoe
somewhere in and some detention camp nobody ever seen again 1200 we got it how did that happen
boy this crowd really came through big time how did that happen Chris thank everybody they're
happy that George is back in not a job oh there's a beautiful apple pie wow and it's got like the
strips of dough across the top you know how they do that sure oh yeah picture perfect apple pie now
with a nice slice of craft American cheese or burdens American cheese as George would suggest right
and a scoop of an ice cream on top see I will say this as much as I detest playing with the
ice cream and I think it's strictly for people with no taste buds yeah I will say this it is good
on on things on something or with something on it like a lot there you go as a fucking apple pie
right or banana split well it's not on a banana you have a banana split within a lot of ice
cream I don't they put everything in there don't they put it on it they'll put whatever you want
I think I'll see the oral fashion banana split would have one scoop of strawberry one with
vanilla and one with chocolate just like what do they call it um neapolitan it's very good
boy you know exactly wherever I was going right strawberry I mean vanilla and chocolate but anyway
if you get a banana split you can tell about you what what I used to do when back in my younger days
when I was getting fat was get like two chocolates in one strawberry don't put the vanilla in my
banana split it's got just too much good stuff in there man little chunks of pineapple and cherries
nuts and well what are those nuts they put in there like chopped well chopped some kind of nuts
like walnuts I think are they mm-hmm more it's a good thing I'm not there
although we do have bastard robins now I love hitting nuts we do have bastard robins in the
taco bell that I'm going to be hitting and making a b-line to guess what it's right next to a 24
hour gigantic dominion supermarket great and so when I finished with my taco bell which I'm not
going to crazy you know not gonna have more than like four or five burrito supreme with no beans
and maybe six or seven tacos with a hard shell you know I like mine hard but at any rate after that
I can go like into the supermarket and find me in the freezer compartment some of that sofras macaroni
and cheese and come home and maybe have that for dessert or maybe maybe for dinner for supper
that sound good this this is not a good deal you know although it probably exists as well oh there's
a big beautiful slice of lemon chiffon pie oh I haven't had that in about a hundred years my
mother used to make that real good once a part of time before she got to be 200 my mother was a
pretty good cook I got to admit that unlike your mother who never was a good cook right we got
1209 on the pool by the way Chris thank you excellent job by Chris let me just say this about
anybody who sells our pool total sure every day good job by Chris there you go now what I wanted
was he doesn't know Chris that's it at a boy Mo I wouldn't be surprised if they'd bring Mo back to
filling on the morning show until they get a permanent replacement in there I mean he's busy
broadcasting filter come on he's not still doing that is he who does that was just a gratuitous
chief shot at my good post personal friend the moment if you and if the ground you walk on that
that was quite a day it was a classic day and he said sit down sit down I say okay you sit down
too Schminderick and we both sat down and we made our peace you know how long that lasted
less than 24 hours remember that were you in there when he came in well that beast he comes up to
me he wants to make peace with me like a child like an overgrown child not thought to myself boy
is this a putz is what I thought and you know what else I thought yeah that's true and so that
was the end of that truth the end of a wonderful close relationship now to make Mo flip his lid
perfect and what is it 153 I've been doing that lately I did that in front I said it was 153 and I
said 1153 and everybody went like that they got all panicky don't pay any attention to me nobody
else does a father's day is coming up this Sunday June 17 make that really happy and take him
to the melting pot for a fantastic luscious dinner the best melley pasta located in 54 55 North
Federal Highway in Boca and 1135 North Federal in four lot of day why those two that's where you'll
find the needle deals for fathers day bring the family of four or more and dad gets D free plus on
Sunday through Thursdays you can get a full four course meal for just 59 bucks either way when you
go in just be sure and ask for the needle deal start with the melting pot's famous cheese fondue
move onto one for his like filet manion and duck and shrimp and chicken so many more cooked in order
broth would you be like better and their dipping sauces absolutely out of this world at the chocolate
fondue for dessert and you got a fondue feast for a king a queen a prince or a princess make
your reservations now in four lotterdale called 954 568 1518 568 1518 and in Boca call 561 997
7472 997 774 72 in Boca be it fathers day or just any day Sunday through Thursday be sure and
ask for the needle deal only at the melting pot's in Boca and four lotterdale you're listening to
new Roger excruciately for some 30 years now
about 30 man Neil Rogers has been given it to you good are you sure and now it's time for you
to get the rewards starting Thursday it's Neil's half price deals this week you can buy a $50 gift
certificate for only $25 to the fabulous karma restaurant and coral gables dining at karma is
like taking a central trip through the cuisines of Asia replicated from China's for a bitten city
with 30 foot Asian symbols and a 1000 pound Buddha keeping a watchful eye as you
dine with traditional dishes like orange sesame chicken champagne kimchi New York strip
charred rare tuna and Thai crispy red snapper and now thanks to Neil Rogers you can buy
a $50 gift certificate half price for $25 it's Neil's way of saying thanks to you for being
the store and at WQAM dot com Thursday around 12 noon but you'll need to act fast because when they're
gone they're just gone okay Niels have price deals only available at WQAM dot com
hey monies fans Fritigan's all is here has a new manager in town I can tell you the real deal
is that brick a motor what a team brick a husband so successful with this promotion that they've
ordered an extra 100 Honda's and over an extra 100 Vue X Pontiac and GMC's to continue this
free gas giveaway until they run out hurry and get free gas of the three years this means almost
$4,000 of free gas on new Accords and civics over $4,500 in new gas on new Pontiac G6's and almost
$7,000 in free gas on every Ucombe. Brick of Motors, Southwest A Street and 7th Avenue in Miami.
Big O here for the finest beer in the business President Day imported beer and listen for years
I've been telling you about my favorite beer President Day the finest beer in the business well
now I want to talk to you about the best light beer in the business President Day light the
tradition continues President Day light is a smooth tasting beer with lots of character it's the
way light beer should taste smooth bold and with the character you've come to expect from President
Day let's face it folks the beer industry it's full of water down light beers but President Day
light is a full body light beer so on your way home today stop by the supermarket and treat your
friends family and how about yourself to the finest light beer in the business President Day light
the full body light beer what an amazing combination the choice is yours President Day and President
Day light it's the big O's choice it's the best choice President Day or President Day light
Mercedes Benz on heavier cake and eat it too or how to enjoy the efficiency of a diesel without
sacrificing power introducing CDI technology every Mercedes Ben CDI engine employees fuel
efficient diesel engineering that incorporates a common rail direct injection system this
combined with a turbocharger that boosts torque ensures every CDI diesel engine delivers
both fuel efficiency and impressive power so now you can have your cake and eat it too just don't
drive have cake and eat it too that would be dangerous see your authorized dealer to test drive
the powerful 2007 ML3 20 CDI starting at 4445 just one of the Mercedes Benz family of CDI
diesel SUVs are Mercedes Benz unmontedly out in the Αck
CDI's여
joys is out do you get us absolutely
What you read and destroy I'll show
Just get a bit of turning
Don't know nothing about radio
Joyce won't let me go
Joyce won't let me go
Joyce won't let me go
Oh, they ain't false
Joyce went to Jettie-Judal School
Oh, they fought stupid times
Roger the turd, yeah
Yes, run by the baby food
Got a bed, yes, more lights, never to wear
Joyce won't let me go
Joyce won't let me go
Joyce won't let me go
I don't wanna hear anymore
It's like that just not to mention anybody else
But I gotta adapt to it
I take up my innocence and I'll scare it up
I can't do it for me
I can't do this for any of the only time I keep doing this
There's another time I keep running out of it
Do you want me to make a night out of this
That's the kind of no problem now
Oh, they ain't no no problems
You know we can't play no balls
Oh, they ain't no balls
They ain't no balls
They ain't no balls
They ain't no balls
Bye, bye, bye
