You're fine!
I'm tired of here!
Absolutely!
Hey there, senators! Get your heads out of committee
While our soldiers fight away
You stop to mate and think it's tricky, yes you're rude
A phillipus true won't save you
It's down to the truth
Hey there, senators! Don't have to end the war this instant
But there's civil war, it's bloody Iraqi leaders
Do not listen, open your eyes
Instead, let's get that Osama guy
Oh, no, no, no!
That's why
Oh, it's over, can't you see?
Oh, Osama so should we
Oh, your brain was by Jamie
Oh, you look like Dix to me
Looks like what, what was that?
I don't, what the hell happened?
I lost the sweet of that thing
Holy cow, that's not good, is it?
Yeah, what?
Did you ever do that?
Yeah, sure, lose the sleeve
Yeah, not on your shirt, just the door on the...
I'm serious, I lost it and that's not good
Now, I don't have time to do the show when I need to be looking for that
Anyway, rock to a really rousing start today
I don't have that, I do that once in a while
And then eventually you always find it, you know?
Like in your pile somewhere
But I don't think I'm gonna find it
It's just gone, it's vanished
Maybe I threw it out, maybe I shmitcanned it
And of course, I let her a lot of stress
Because Johnny Jokal yesterday said
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Silly person sends me a nice book
I'm gonna tell you when people start congratulating you for being number three
That tells you how far down this place has fallen
For fallen
Oh, there it is, I just found the sleeve
Well, let's hear it
I ride
And you know where it was, it was in the...
Buried in the pile of the ratings numbers from yesterday
That crap that you faxed me?
Sure
What if Lindsay's...
...ankle bracelet, we have ankle bracelet for that
One way to find out
But now right now, well thank God I found that
It presents like a fairly... it's July 24th
Fairly recent disc
And we shouldn't have wanted to miss out on that
Especially since we can't play in the really funny stuff anymore, Johnny Jokal
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
That's right
Maybe that's why the younger demos are vanishing like...
There's a bomb scare
Because maybe Joyce has chased them all away
Because we can't say...
And we can't play... and we can't do...
...squat, but nevertheless
We're doing the best we can and they, you know
Not doing too good on the poll today though
Johnny Jokal wanted to know if I get paid extra for those cameo appearances like yesterday
Which I almost never do at
And I said, oh yeah, starting today, yes
You get it though
451 votes, Chris is pretty... he's pretty grim about that
I don't know, maybe it's like Black Thursday
I remember Black Monday
Have we ever had a Black Thursday?
What did you say?
I said, maybe it's going to be a dark day
You know what I mean?
Yeah
The poll, the number is not really good
My correspondent there online is vanished
He just vanted me this morning
I sure hope he's alive or whatever
But and everybody seems like bailed out on me
Yeah, when you number one all those years
They're like right there for you
But when you number three
Nobody wants to be round number three
Am I right?
Right
Number one and number two while we all do that
Number three?
Yeah, never heard of it
Who was number six?
You are number two
Wait, that's not real
Three!
Yeah!
That was good, that was very well done
Very well done
Well anyway, what do we got?
What are we doing here?
Doing a show I found to sleep, that's good
It's Thursday, it's El Dosté Augusto
And of course this is my last day for a week and a half
I got all next week is my vacation
Which is a good thing for me on the one hand
But it's a bad thing on the other hand
Because vacation week when you only really
Were supposed to work two days in the first place
That's kind of a scam, that's like a ripoff
I feel like I'm getting jobbed
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh
What do we got today?
Look what we, oh no, I wonder everybody's bailed out on us today
We got Joe Zagaki and Danny Cannell at Dolphin training camp
At 2 no mad dogs today
That's gonna be a big show
Holy Joe Zagaki and Danny Cannell
Oh it's gonna be great
Turn the doggy stalks, okay?
Wow
That is really special
But that would be a Dolphin training camp and that's all accounts
They're gonna be at the camp, they're gonna...
Ooh, there's a nice jockstrap over there, it smells like lilacs
Then the Humper is on from 4 to 630
It says the power hour, but how can it be the power hour when there's no mad dog?
And it says stupid, you're stupid, clearance, you an idiot, you're a mole-ron
Marlins on deck 630, Marlins in Colorado 705
Marlins won a game last night, 4 to 3, out ride
And then game night with it, a K follows Marlins baseball
They tried to lose it
Did they really try to blow the game last night?
Yeah, they gave a ball run in the night ending too
Yeah, I am
And then they, I think there was like two guys on it, so I thought they'd finally get a ball
Almost only counts in horseshoes and angrily
Coids, what's the other one?
Hangrenates
Oh
Oh speaking of that, a suicide car bomber
slammed into a rocky police station northeast of Baghdad this morning killing at least 13 people
Sometime today
Most of the victims were policemen and recruits lining up outside of the station in Hebeab
Well, I guess they don't need to apply now
And the US military announced three more dead soldiers, two in a mortar or rocket attack,
Tuesday another killed by a roadside bomb
Yesterday bringing the grand total amount of dead American soldiers to a 36159 is anybody screaming?
No
Does anybody care?
No
Is there people protesting and running around on the streets, or screaming bloody murder?
No
I just thought I mentioned that
I remember the days we used to start with a death counter every day, remember that and all the latest, but
We don't do that anymore because nobody seems to care no mole
Just like nobody cares about me or about us and they certainly don't care about you they hate you like poison
Although interestingly George
George revealed an interesting tidbit this morning and of course mine not being there probably adds years to my life
And that is the fact that they hate me like poison
Now is that just the correct management of the past management too?
The great Hebe like poison?
Both
They both turned to like you
You're a bastard
Oh yeah, okay, but at least I'm a bastard that's far away
You got it?
Yeah
A cruise ship bumped appeared the Manhattan passenger terminal this morning
But the incident caused a little damage and always means reporting
It was an accident but nobody got hurt
The ship hit the Hudson River pier shortly after seven o'clock this morning
A few thousand people were on board at the time
The fire department said the ship belongs to Miami-based Carnival cruise lines
Which the company didn't return to call for comment immediately
They don't have their mom
All we got on the cell, okay with inept and stuff like that happens
There's another reason not to get on a cruise although I don't know
Everybody I talked to that goes on a cruise
Oh gee we had a wonderful time
Of course those are the ones who are still alive
And whose wives and or girlfriends are both didn't get raped and murdered and stuff like that
So I guess you know if those things didn't happen maybe it had a good time
What is a pet to you?
Is the pull question George had yesterday
Or was that something you came up with or was that a Charlie B?
Charlie B I just added the emergency food option
Oh I know
Like in a boy and his dog
Sure
And he decided that's a bad idea
That's a great move to get a better idea by the way
Yes it is
So next one movie
Love the side eye
I don't want to ruin it but yeah
Don't dump it
Come on that's the best part of the movie
It is
I think he made the right choice
Me too
What is a pet to you?
158 votes and I think Kristall me got over a thousand during the show
Is that correct?
Correct
We want today I mean today they just I don't know what happened today
They abandoned me like I have bubonic plague or something I don't know what's going on
We wore them out yesterday
I'm worn out I went to bed 9 o'clock last night
You know the last time I went to bed in my life at 9 o'clock I can't remember it
Old man
No it's got nothing to do with old man it's got to do with worn out
I am just I am worn out
A pet is like a member of my family that's what I put on there and that's what most everybody else did
569
45.2% say a pet like if a little dog you know like tiny was a member of the family
Both my dogs were like members of the family and other both dead
Now I didn't have like no funeral or anything like that is that bad because you know me and funeral I don't attend
You didn't have a ceremony?
No with a like a voodoo thing
I didn't say the ashes now
What is the pet you a companion 158? Well that's nice but for sure a distant second
Should have done better than that
Something I'm glad I don't have 152
Well guess what your mama something I'm glad I don't have that's really nice
What a bunch of heartless bastards
What's your child to me?
119
Well you know sooner or later even as old fags
Sometime in life we all wind up with a child
You know I mean I should have told you before the show this morning
And I don't know maybe it's not always a good idea
And inconvenience that eats schmitz and cost money 91
Well at the other some pointers to that and pet is an inconvenience that eats schmitz and cost money 91
Hopefully schmitz mostly outside but I don't care
I'll even the best every now and then like oh geez well you should have taken me for a walk let me out in the yard but didn't do it
Just an animal nothing more 58 that is the most crass the most
Cold that is the coldest response to a poll question we've ever had in our life just an animal nothing more 58
You barbarians
What is this thing you just sent me here?
A fact from somebody read the Raven about some about what?
Oh you can read today with one of the darkest days in American history
About the whole of the past
The past is called Pat Tillman
The Rummy and the testimonies and everything
Yeah I wouldn't interrupt the show this is one of the and then the bridge collapsed him in a sort of terrible yes tragic yes accidental no accident
No
Oh I see look at that the heads made a crawl the bridge was destroyed
I see
Tonight work the attention from the hearings on Pat Tillman and Rumsfeld lying through his teeth
Oh get some help okay get some help immediately if not sooner you will learn to take you crazy person
Too far
Emergency food 52 a pet is emergency food 52
I'm not going to read that thing I'm glad you sent it because it makes me feel better about myself
Something I wish I had 49 and just something I own like property 10 that that's
Soft Florida for a man lot of cold callous crass evil people that's soft Florida
Niel it sounds like you are to a crazy about this town you're right
You're absolutely correct it is evil it's an evil place it's a place for people who are stuck and can't get out
Like George he's stuck in a bad life situation right
But one of these days I have a thing you're going to like bust out do you I don't know
It's expensive I'm hoping for you it's expensive to do that so are we going to get like more hour by hour because I know that stuff is available today
We're going to get any more information or I mean this book wasn't really I haven't seen anybody I just made a couple of orders
Expanding and expounding on what I said yesterday when I made my cameo guest appearance I know whether I should do that or not
Yes yes what I will I will and about what they're doing to us into this place
I've of course see the one good thing about it's not after the numbers come up that I'm doing I've been screaming at for a long time
Because if you know anything about the business you can feel it you can smell it you can touch it you can eat it you can like choke on it you can you can pick over it
And I know because this jolly Joe you can pay extra for that nail
And then you tell me he was running around finding out what day my summer schedule and 10th of September
Sure L.D.A. for some reason I beg your pardon for some reason probably because they got a big promotional campaign coming up
Yeah right hey Joe let me tell you man you are look in the mirror if you want to see a definition of loser look in the mirror because that's you sweetheart
What you're doing to this place I wouldn't do to Genghis Khan even if Eddie Cobb was driving
But he ends dumb as dirt
Coming soon to retail store everywhere a new toy line that is endlessly sent introducing Jesus and the Bible bodies
Our sturdy tough action figures that let you live out your favorite moments from the old and new testaments
Old Testament favorites include John the Baptist now with removable head
Moses complete with stone tablets and burning bush stand up kids
I've got the law of God in the public my hands
And don't forget the new cane and able double pack
Cool they're brothers
Then get set for all the adventures of the new testament with a complete line of Jesus action figures
There's break in the bread Jesus complete with bread and wine substitute
Take any this is my body of the new covenant which is given up risen from the dead Jesus with a glow in the dark resurrection tape
I defeated Satan and knew this fall it's Paul my string Jesus
Listen as our Lord and Savior recites well known Bible passages
It's finished cool it's like I'm right next to the prod it's Jesus and the Bible bodies collect them separately or get them in the apostle 12 pack
Salvation of the food
Oh praise Jesus 1018 and 560 of it a Q.A.M. We just I don't know
Maybe I'll put peace together that fact that I just tore up into a million pieces and read it on the air body yesterday being the dark of day
And about how was the the heads got together and they blew up that bridge in Minnesota so those people would die
And we get on the news and be fluffy attention with the padselman here is oh
Wow I think it's definitely a good day to go back to bed even though I slept for like 10 hours 10 and a half hours
And needed every second of it believe me
When in doubt don't get stressed out that's my best advice to all you people out there ages like five to 105
When in doubt don't get stressed out
How did you hear that I did well that's the professor the good news is he's still
Oh man my response to that is I won't say it on here just an amusing message
The man be sure to get a nice certificate for whatever that restaurant is high-life cafe got it he'll love it
You know this is an excellent opportunity to really rip an ass into this group and they can hate me all they want
And I really don't care I'm out here to win a popularity contest inside the building it's more like outside the building because they don't get too many diaries inside
Right it's only yeah well it's only they probably would put down power 96 and kiss but at any rate just out of spite to me and you and Chris
It's just it's so typical we have a great place you know you meet in there right you were raving about it before the show
Highlife yeah phenomenal highlife cafe sensational because it's Thursday it's our 50% off deal
100 dollar certificates for 50 bucks and we got 50 of those starting at noon and and you also have one for my friend who's still alive
I was gonna tell you don't set it up till I verify he's still alive but he is still alive
And at any rate and then don't forget about those dolphins to get to let's just take care of all of our friends
And it how would everybody else you know you people didn't come through for us really big time
I'm getting all these I'm getting all these messages of congratulations hey nice going into book
Like I said when people are congratulating you for being tied for third in men
That's a sad commentary on how several things number one how far the expectations have dropped great expectations
And number two the kind of service that they've caused for us but when you can't say what kind of a only the most loyal of our people out there
You know under the age of 100 are going to be listening thank God for them thank God for you people we love you
Well some of them we got 501 votes on the polo already this morning Chris we got a shot at 600 I think
Oh right now it's not good it's not good it's not a good sign let's see I read your poll result and I haven't given our poll yet
Mine Charlie bees you know what I do I hate to admit that but during the summertime I'm like everybody else out there
You people don't want to work in any time but especially in the summertime
So we just grew off more than usual and so you know like yesterday I came in here around 6.37 o'clock
And I thought oh my god I got to work tomorrow I knew that all along you know I did know that I know what day of the week it is once in a while
Then later on in the day I forget and I thought to myself I better get a poll going here for Eric you know
Better fix them some crap and so I kind of shuffled through my pile here you ever shuffled through a pile all the time
Just a sport was one of Charlie bee now you never did fix me the Charlie bee polls did you promise?
No no no process well let's get with it okay just because you have to work like the next the week and a half every day
I'll go hate you like poison sure
Sorry who do you think they hate worse you were me well me why well I mean they hate you for like inflicting me upon them
And you know continuing to rip the station but so maybe they hate you more because you rip them and they can't do anything or say anything
Oh sure they could I could say something yeah no no no no no right just like that joist you well when we sign a no contracts all you people are going to sign this
And if you're ripped the management or the dog man's are yeah right at least everybody is on the side of the game
It's interesting part is nobody signed it because nobody even a child wouldn't assign that agreement
And if you farted the wrong flavor they could fire you that was the kind of agreement you a joist you are the impediment to our success
And of course I told that to jolly joy yesterday and about but I'm eat bit of boot and there's just it's like talking to a rock no response
He doesn't even say I don't know what to tell you anymore he just says well they're pretty soon. You'll have a better leave in ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
I wonder who he could be talking about anyway here's today's poll and I don't think the polls that van even George liked it a little bit
He took me all like the polls.
Yeah, it's not one of Charlie B's greats.
There's Rob Marciano and CNN with a lot of pancake makeup on.
And they're shooting him through a Vaseline now, I understand.
He's always got a jar handy.
And with public place or event that you've visited,
are you most disgusted by other people's behavior?
The roads, 221.
And that's not for it.
And let me say it again.
The weekend that I was down there, those four days,
you're driving has gotten so much worse.
Just when you think you can't get any worse,
oh, surprise, it's much worse.
It's not just worse.
It's much, much, much, much, much worse.
Now, on Sunday, when I thought I was getting the hell out of there,
and we made our first trip to Miami International,
and you go through the Aturim Pike Tables there,
you know, right by the Golden Glades,
there was an old dark-complexed lady with white hair.
I mean, she was like a combination of everything
you fear the most in a car.
Old, white hair, and dark-complexed.
I don't know what the dark-complexed it.
Well, I'm sure that Vogue Camp will have some comment
about that tomorrow.
Hey, by the way, we really missed Alex Marvez this morning,
guys, hey, let me get back to the lady with the white hair
in a second, but when I heard this morning, Kenny Walker,
this to me was the lowest point in the history of radio.
They took a call, which, you know,
you know, how I feel about calls.
And ask me if I missed the calls, by the way, no.
I may never take another one.
I don't give a crap.
Oh, if you take the calls,
Neil, all the punks would tune in.
Listen, yeah, sure they would.
Anyway, they had a call from a guy named Andre.
Okay?
Okay.
Now, you know me.
I'm about as hip, about as square as a cardboard box,
and I'm proud of it.
But later on in the call,
Kenny Walker referred to him as he said,
Well, listen, Dre,
Dre.
Yeah, I know Dr. Dre, and I know Dre,
we're a cup, but I never heard of anybody named Andre being called Dre.
Now, is that just me?
Am I out of the loop?
Or is that?
Well, yeah, you're out of the loop, but still I would have a snorted,
snorted, snorted, snorted, total.
I puked up meals from 16 months ago, man.
I was gagging on it.
Anyway, so this is what he was,
and she's ahead of us in the, you know,
paid for the, what do we call that?
Where you pay the toll in.
And now she pulls up there,
and now she starts looking for money.
Okay?
I mean, God forbid that, and of course,
she's not the only one.
A lot of people do this.
A lot of morons.
They pull up there and then they start fiddling around for change.
And she's looking in her purse and she's looking on the flow.
And she's looking in the seat.
She's looking up her, uh,
rectum, whatever, booty.
And finally she finds, I guess, the change, the dollar,
the four quarters, whatever the hell it was.
She hands it to the toll taker, and now it's that I like taking off
because we're behind her.
And there's other cars behind it.
People have places to go and things to do.
Uh, no, then she decides she's gonna,
and she's having like a chat with the bitch.
And you wonder why people get pissed off and like,
or each other away and stuff.
I mean, I don't blame you.
You probably pent up with so much anger and frustration,
and aggravation, anyway, the roads to 25 on of even get through
reading the poll if I do that in every choice.
But the roads is winning big time because you can't complain about
the driving itself or there is very little.
There ain't much movie theater 86 restaurant 45 bar or nightclub
38 store 23 concert 21 place of worship 18.
A little teacher to go there in the first place,
much a crazy farbist in the lunatics airport 18.
That's what I voted.
The stuff that goes on there and oh, and let me also,
you know what belongs on here, but no, it won't get any votes.
You know what bothers me more than any of these choices on here?
I give up people with baby strollers.
Okay.
They use you as a human target.
It's like a road out of the way.
No, you know what I'm saying?
Of course I do.
Why did they do that?
They all do it.
They all do shut up.
That's why forget there's a baby in there just to have this
drove.
I'm gonna knock your ass down on my way to Lardo.
That's why bastards.
I'm gonna kill that baby.
Family reunion nine, winning seven casino or gaming center six
like a woodbind,
beat six funeral home five,
Park three,
Dr. Ardennis orifice two and a bank two
Solimenta dose for the bank.
So anyway, we're on new we're gonna do a high life cafe.
I bet you those things are gonna sell out fast probably before
we even get the first spot on the afford.
Nice goal in era whoever did that in traffic.
What the fuck?
The honorable mayor of Fort Waterdale,
Jim Norville.
Thank you.
As part of my crusade to eliminate the bank community to make my
world safer for Jesus.
I'm pleased to be here today for the unveiling of our new
robotic toilet.
I give you the RoboTronic KY 69 toilet stall.
Wow.
Oh.
Oh.
It is my privilege to be the first ones of Chris in it.
You'll excuse me.
Oh, this is nice.
Not a homo inside.
Welcome to the KY 69 toilet facility.
Who are you?
I am Saybar.
You'll grow my doughnut.
Allow me to assist you.
I don't need any help thanks.
I know how to use the toilet.
You have to second through remove your pants.
What?
No.
Sit down please.
No.
Would you like to support the page?
No.
This is for page of the central for a healthy male dog.
You have to second through dog.
I did not your invoice.
I can't.
This indicates constipation and overplay.
In the sheathing voice in very animal.
No.
I thought she was grown.
But.
Oh.
I'll sit back down.
I'll be sure.
Oh.
1033, 2074, 1185, 60WDQM.
Listen faster today because in two o'clock we got Joseph Yankee and Danny Cannell.
Who's Danny Cannell, Chris?
He's an ex quarterback.
I'm facing you.
I'm facing you, New York Giants.
What other teams?
I know who he is.
I'm just testing you.
You're a knowledge.
I mean, anybody that would know who Robin Roberts is knows nothing about sports.
I don't care that he pitched 800 years ago.
And that was embarrassing.
Okay.
You are a fat guy.
Wasn't he dead before I was alive?
Robin Roberts is still alive.
Like I said, a brown County jail and made accused of masturbating in his cell while
a female deputy saw him from another room was convicted of indecent exposure yesterday.
A jury took 45 minutes to convict, terribly Alexander of the Mr. Meener.
Judge Fred Burman sentenced Alexander to 60 days in the County jail.
He could have received a maximum one-year sentence.
Alexander, 20, was sitting on his bunk alone in the cell masturbating in November when a
female deputy monitoring his self-ammoner by control room, took offense.
What you doing, boy?
Although masturbation of common jailhouse occurrence.
Violates most jail and, of course, that's pretty much what the only place it happens.
Violates most jail and prison rules that often doesn't result in criminal charges.
It generally is dealt with internally with a disciplinary write-up in the temporary loss
of phone or recreation privileges floored to jail and prison official said.
Oh, I thought that's part of the recreation, isn't it?
Ain't it?
To the stories of behavior and power jails, the sheriff's office encourages deputies to
file criminal charges at Elliott Cohen, the agency's spokesman.
Design America baby, crazy people.
Right, deputy, Coryus Ville seems to have taken that mission to heart.
She has brought similar charges against seven other inmates in six months.
Coryus Ville, she must be the Ville lady.
Maybe she wants to be a big Ville.
Alexander's court appointed defense attorney, Kathleen McHugh, said her client did nothing
wrong.
He was alone and his cell, tenam, out to his home, is not open to the public.
I think the government's gone awry, McHugh said.
You go, Kathleen.
Has it been a slow year in crime?
And about a prosecute masturbation in the Brown County jail?
Aren't there more heinous, heinous crimes to prosecute like drug trafficking or
recessional predators?
The crime is not masturbation, Cohen emphasized.
It's indecent exposure and privacy is among the many rights of inmates and inmates
forfeits in jail when there are no doors on the bathrooms.
That's why the attention deputies monitor what you do and when you do it, Cohen said.
That's what jail is.
Alexander was charged with indecent exposure last November while waiting in jail to resolve
an armed robbery case.
Ville saw him from a simply located control room and allows deputies to view cells.
Generally, we prosecute such cases in which the inmates exposes themselves and such
claim view of the detention staff or other persons, said Ron Ishroy spoke something they
browed state attorney's orifice.
For enough of this pending charge, Alexander would have moved to the state prison system
months ago.
Call that wealth.
He's going to be doing stuff like that.
They better put him in a solitary confinement, wouldn't you think?
Plot days after the cell incident he played a guilty to the armed robbery received a
10-year prison sentence.
Broward taxpayers have been footing the bill $91.29 today to keep Alexander in the main
jail while the indecent exposure cases were considered to be a trial date.
The grand total for his incarceration in that case is nearly $21 grand.
On top of that, the public will pay $1,150 bucks for his attorney.
Deputy Ville 45-A, nine-year veteran with the VSO, referred all questions to its media
relations department and reached their home Monday evening.
We're not allowed to speak to the media.
She said in each of the eight arrest affidavits Ville is written, she sells the vulgar and
indecent manner which the activity is conducted.
Is there like a non-vulgar and decent manner?
And what does that mean?
I don't know, explain it.
The vulgar and indecent manner in which the activity is conducted, those are key components
of the state's indecent exposure statute.
It's vulgar, it's indecent.
Some critics are appalled at what they call a deputy's moral crusade and questioned
the value of prosecuting such cases.
I would think taxpayers money, whether they be upset that this is how the money's being
spent, said Betsy Benson, a brown assistant public defender of trends and returnaries.
She said I'm very confused as to why they would take this as a good use of our dollars,
our judges, the courts time and the jurors time, inmates indulge in masturbation for a
variety of reasons that truly block our fairly forensic psychologist.
It's normal human behavior.
And those people are locked up there behind bars.
And it relieves a variety of stresses, including boredom, she said.
But some aren't only doing it to relieve stress or tension or boredom, you have to, you
have some are doing it for shock value.
Shock value wasn't the motive with Alexander and Ville McHugh said she's completely ruled
from him in a master control station behind the glass on her ass and he's in his own cell
sitting on his bunk.
I had a line for that that had something to do with spunk, but I better not say.
No, move a little.
Okay.
It is a truly vulgar and offensive if one out of however many deputies that are in jail
find an offensive, Alexander has been offered time served but rejected and I'm wanting
to risk a possible sexual offender charge and the liability is a sexual offender charge.
Jesus Christ almighty man, America's got insane.
I think you guys right, I think they blew up that bridge.
I think you're going to blow up the telehantie bridge and Robbie Benson is going to be sitting
on it.
Or maybe he'll be sitting on the dock of the Bay in Delray Beach, God only knows.
That's why they put this all over the news unit to cover up all of the Pat Tillman
assassination.
548 votes on the full.
What's our goal today?
600?
How can you have a goal out of the this is depressing.
First we get that book which you know you forgot to remind me to talk to rant and rave
about it.
Hey, don't forget to rant and I'll tell you we better sell out those 50 high life care
face certificates real fast because if we don't it's going to be another stab through
my heart.
Everybody's like a pick it on me today and you want to know why because they know that
I got a week and a half off.
Too bad, almost two weeks, almost two weeks, two days shy of two weeks.
Ain't that nice?
Mm-hmm.
Nice to me where I'm going.
No.
No place.
I'm not going to always get asked is I'm not going to replace because they just had that
bad travel experience.
I'm getting old man.
I'm getting really old and of course that's what Clarence is thinking all we got the
old demographics was we got a hang on the air is old and Neil is old.
Yeah, but that's interesting because we got the big numbers say.
So couldn't be you know couldn't just be the age could it?
No.
Maybe it could be the rest of the day is hurting a little bit like in the morning because
the number one the show sucks and number two because of the fact they keep burning
them with those stupid sports writers that nobody wants to hear.
Hey, it's Alex Varvaz.
Come on out.
Take your pants down.
Let me kiss both cheeks again.
Real heavy duty.
Seriously, I'm telling you if he and Kenny Walker aren't doing it, I'd be shocked.
I would be amazed.
They have got to be caught in a lip lock sometime very, very soon.
In fact speaking of this last story I had I'd be monitoring the two of them.
If you ever see the two of them go in the tea room at the same time I call a cops.
Okay, I called the morning show why you better do it soon because they're going to be
going pretty soon anyway.
It's August the second.
I guess another month for those go in.
I those guys.
And then who we going to have on the air to alert the public to all the indecent homo
sexual activity in the tea rooms in Fort Lauderdale if Kenny and Bo go.
Of course, Bo will still probably be on with Hank all the time.
Maybe tell me he's on with his training camp craft.
They got an army nest.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't forget we had an hour 20 minutes to go and we'll be open up the QA store there
on wqm.com.
And we got a great restaurant for today.
The food's coming in for you guys.
Highlife Cafe.
Here we go.
Duff Duff said it was like steaks and succulent juicy of good.
Yes.
Everything's good there.
And raise me when it comes to succulent.
You fail.
Duff knows his stuff.
Twenty till new until 11 till a lot to a Q.A.M.
Oh God.
From my mouth to God's ears wouldn't that be something if we were twenty to two.
Wouldn't be good though because we only got 550 votes.
And George feels really bad if we leave without that thousand votes or anything he goes
on.
Oh, cry.
Oh, cry.
Oh, it's the kid that's up at the wife.
Kicks the dog around the house.
Oh my God.
Want a lollipop little boy?
Yeah, the flight.
Good morning, Mickey Mouse is off the scoop.
Please, Lincoln.
Good morning, Goofy.
How are you?
Good.
Who's calling?
This is Walt Disney CEO, Robert Eiger.
May I speak to the boss, Goofy?
Well, he's on location and he said he didn't want to be disturbed.
Well, I've got some great news for him.
Patch me through it.
Well, yeah.
Oh boy.
Oh boy.
Hey, yo, Mickey.
Hold on.
What is it, Michael?
I got 200 large on Pluto and the next bout, baby.
Who knows?
That's right.
And you told me he's just all thing.
Oh, I got it.
Sure thing.
He's a big baby.
Good.
Mr. Mouse.
What are you talking about?
I got 200 large.
Mr. Mouse.
How are you, baby?
Hello?
Mr. Mouse, how are you?
Who is this?
It's Robert Eiger.
See you at Walt Disney Company.
You don't have to give your title when you say your name's bonehead.
Well, how are you, sir?
I didn't want to be disturbed.
I'm out of a party.
I'm doing air quotes with the white gloves.
Would Michael Beck?
Oh, well, I'm sorry.
I just want to call it.
No, no, no.
Next in the square circle.
Oh, oh, oh.
Why, I just called to congratulate you, sir.
Well, we were nominated for 70 Emmy Awards.
Who cares, I got I poop on Emmy.
Then you get my edible flower arrangement now.
How am I supposed to eat food off a stick with three fingers on each hand?
Well, sir.
You insensitive at.
Sir, it's an amazing achievement.
Other than HBO, we got the most nominations.
Emmy, do nothing for me.
How much money does it Emmy put on my bucket?
Nothing.
Zero.
Right, right.
Right.
I poop on Emmy.
You'll get me a Oscar.
Now, that's up to you.
I think an Emmy is an amazing shot.
Oh, don't you ever get caught in a hair in yourself?
Pack.
I know I did.
I'm sorry, sir.
Should be sorry.
Hey, do we have a piece of Harry Potter?
No, sir.
We do not.
Oh, I'm killing.
I'm sorry, what?
Wacook, sir.
All of them.
Harry Potter.
Ron, Sweet, Lee, and Harmonious.
I think that's for my any, sir.
Whatever.
Actually, don't kill her.
How long does she...
I don't know, sir.
Maybe 17?
All right, then take her.
Get number.
Walker in the basement for a year.
He's growing up into a fine young lady.
Come on, Pluto, you up, man.
Go.
Go let me down, Pluto.
I got 200 logons.
I know the one that puts the one that's down below Pluto.
Sir, tell her me, Pluto, would you show up then?
I'm drunk.
Sir, where are you?
I met a party still doing the air quotes with Michael Beck.
Make it.
It's someone bothering you.
You need someone, Wacook.
Yeah, Harry Potter.
Harry, I like Harry Potter.
No, you don't like Harry Potter.
You don't have the work for me.
I don't like Harry Potter.
Oh, you don't like Harry Potter?
I don't like Harry Potter.
What a mixie.
You're a bit inside of you, bonehead.
Sir, I should probably get going because this conversation may be...
You don't go when I say you go.
You're the one who went off to me.
You can't say I want to go.
I'm the little one who says you should go.
You should go.
Okay, I'm going to go now.
You just said it again.
But you just told me you said it to go.
But you said I'm going to go.
You have to wait for me to say go.
Okay.
Go.
Or I'm going.
I'm going to go.
Go.
I'm hanging up.
I know.
Okay.
Shut up for crying out loud.
Good, good by, sir.
Wow.
1049, 11 before 11 at 560 W.
I was so excited when I saw in there that we had a new Mickey and...
Well, not Eisner anymore, but one of those bits.
Yeah, they turned out to be that.
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Well, listen, nothing's perfect.
Not even Jolly Jobelle, not even he's perfect.
Not even a perfect A-hole.
Got a perfect ass, though.
It's symmetrically...
Anyway, here's the deal on the book.
It sucked.
Didn't suck his baddest last one, though.
I guess that's his take.
That's the spin they're trying to put on.
Oh, we sure will make a nice comeback.
Oh, oh, oh.
Right.
I mean, when you're doing an all sports allegedly, and of course the all sports thing is a myth,
because the highest rated shows on this station have been the...
Let's see, Ferrell and Stern and yours truly, ever since we've been on here nine and a half years.
The shows that are not sport shows get the highest numbers.
And the shows that are the sport shows are after that.
Suck wind.
And some of them, like our morning show, really suck wind and other things.
I can only imagine what Volcampire would say to that.
Whoa!
Well, it's the situation, you know.
It's the situation where you have a situation that you're in is that you're going off the air of Volcampire.
You dullard.
You goofball.
They got a two-eight, though.
They went from a two-two up to a two-eight.
Nobody wants to wear a two-two.
Even Desmond two-two is embarrassed about his.
They got a two-eight in the morning.
According to Johnny Joe, though, you're going to have a better leave in September or whatever it's going to be, you know.
I don't know who he's talking about, do you?
Nope.
And we had a five-one, which is better than a three-seven and a winner book, but, you know,
and you're arguing on your Arbatron socks.
Arbatron is always suck.
Nothing new, you know.
Nothing any different.
And the fact of the matter is, you know, we don't do anything new out there
and develop any new audience.
That's the number one.
Number two, we can't say anything anymore.
And I've been through all of this.
Why do you keep encouraging me to do this?
Sounds like I'm whining and belly-icking.
I'm making some pretty good bucks, even if you're not, you know?
What is all this stuff?
What do you find these seemingly truly mean pulls?
Boy, you're sure slow on the uptake this morning.
If Marlon Brando hadn't played Don Vito Corleone in the Godfather,
which of these other actors who are all considered for the role would you have preferred?
Oh, that's a pull.
Anthony Quinn, Bird Lancaster, Carlo Ponte, Danny Thomas.
Danny Thomas, why, because he had a big nose.
He was lesbianese.
Edward G. Robinson, who is Jewish, who wants a Jewish Godfather,
earned his Borg9, Frank Sinatra.
Now that would have been a little trutal.
Can you see Frank Sinatra playing the Godfather?
He's able to do it his way?
No.
George C. Scott, Lawrence Olivia, and Orson Wells,
and even Bigger and Fetter, Godfather.
Oh, and then he's got, oh, look at this.
Talk about a cop-out.
If Al Pacino hadn't played Michael in the Godfather,
which of these actors were considered?
And then if Robert Dubal hadn't played Tom Hagen,
which of these other actors who were all considered would you have preferred?
Bruce Durin, Elvis Presley, Paul Newman, or Steve McQueen?
Charlie B.
I mean, it must be the time of the year or something.
Now I do like this poll though about who's your favorite Jewish comedian?
You don't?
Yeah, I think it's great.
I talked about that yesterday.
You talked about what?
Jewish comedians and how there's so many damn many of them.
Yeah, that's because Jews are funny.
Oh!
Yes, they are.
Like Hillary says, those big noses and those little shmackles and all that other stuff.
The clown shoes at the sterile.
Who's your favorite Jewish comedian of all time?
And look at the list here.
Boy, I'm sure a lot of funny Jews.
I noticed that.
That's what the nanny is now.
What's in her friend's Russia?
She's not.
Yeah, the nanny.
Woody Allen, more yamster than Jack Benny Miltonborough,
Shelley Burman, Sandra Bernhardt, Victor Borger.
I didn't know he was Jewish.
Fanny Bryce, Albert Brooks, Mel Brooks, Lenny Bruce,
Babbling Brooks, George Burns, Red Buttons Eddie Cantor.
If you knew Susie, like I knew, since Easter,
Andrew Dice Clay is Jewish.
Oh!
Oh!
Billy Crystal, Rodney Dangerfield, Larry David.
Larry Fine from the three stuages.
What about...
How come he left him out?
Oh, he's got him on here.
He's got Curly Howard, Moe Howard and Shem Howard.
Shem.
Al Franken, Gilbert Godfrey.
Gilbert Godfrey is Jewish.
Sure.
With a name like that.
Well, for the full, somebody says about public toilets
like in restaurants and so some people can really...
Oh, I see.
I'm not going to be crap on here.
Well, what does that mean?
I don't know.
I didn't read it.
Well, what's the name?
And which public place event that you visited
are most discussed?
Oh, yeah.
I would say public toilet is okay.
Especially, you know who gets upset about that is...
No, no.
Oh.
Bo Campar, Jim Nogel, and of course Kenny Bowenhead Walker.
Who's going to be a lope?
You know, that's what I'm here when they get dumped off the air
another month he's a lope with Dallas Marves.
They're going to Costa Rica.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's just a rumor I started.
500 and some odd votes, but if you add public toilets, man.
582 now.
Now, we can get...
Oh, look at that.
President Bush, to make statement on the bridge collapse briefly.
That's going to say it's a good thing
because it distracted our attention from the assassination of Pat Tillman
and all the other soldiers of the 36th-century
that Americans interact and the fact that the economy is in the crapper
and the American dollar rate worth 2 cents.
The American dollar, by the way, thank you, Mr. President,
for those little gas prices and that strong American dollar.
You jackass.
You...
You fairy.
And that...
Yeah.
Anyway, sure.
Do I really want to read the whole list?
George Jessel, Al Jolson, Danny K., Alan King, Robert Klein, Tom Lehrer.
I never knew Tom Lehrer was Jewish.
Did you?
Sure, what are...
Oscar Lovante, Jerry Lewis, Richard Lewis, Chico Marx, Grafjo Marx, or is a Grafuse Chico.
He called Chico Jelico.
Yeah.
Grafuse Gummel, Harpo and Zepo, Jackie Mason, and Mira.
Jackie Mason.
Just kidding.
I'm not...
I'm not...
Really?
And that's...
I don't know.
And I have no idea where it is anyway.
That's good.
On the strides of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
Lansky became an eldership.
And Mira, a big winter.
You're the bad guy.
He is Jews in the world in Miami Beach.
In the world, he's really something.
He don't sound too Jewish to me, except...
You know, the funny part about him is that it sounds fake, and that's the way he talks.
Carl Reiner.
What about the Rob Reiner?
Is he like Chapliver or something you better add him on here?
I guarantee you more of our audience will remember Rob Reiner than Carl Reiner.
Meet him.
Yeah.
Paul Reaser.
Who's that?
I don't know who that is.
Don Rickles, John Rivers, Roseanne Bar, Rita Rudner, Adam Sandler.
Oh my God.
Andy Sandberg, Jerry Seinfeld, Pauli Shaw, Sarah Silverman, John Stewart, Ben Stiller, Jerry
Stiller, Ed Wynn, and Hey, Youngman.
Ed Wynn.
What about Keenan Wynn?
Oh, that's why he wasn't a Keenan comedian.
That's a good one.
That's the only one on here, Charlie B.
I don't want to knock you, because we appreciate you know.
What's your take on the trouble at Lindsey, Paris, Nicole, and Brittany keep getting into?
Oh, Charlie B.
Please, please, cracker, please.
We're changing it into Louise.
And then we can call them like for short, weezy.
Right?
Urgent priority.
Urgent priority is to get that bridge fixed.
He just met with a cabinet on several issues like, you know, what kind of toilet paper
is it going to be like?
White cloud is going to be Sherman.
Mr. Whipple is going to vote for Democrats if they don't know what, whatever it is.
Sherman.
591 votes on the pool, boy.
We have really, yeah.
We used to be really popular on this stage.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Any questions?
Straight down, shout.
Where the mudwings go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on the station on.
You fangled raiding old.
Now as North, carol, I've got those rallies of big city and old.
And that's where the beesleaves had the gold for Golly, Riley, Joe.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Absolutely.
And that shows, go to 560 with raiding and the toilet bowl to get those
Flaming sportful moles in order and control.
You fair and then so, Golly, Riley, Joe, a book you'll learn and in the know he lets moat.
Go and here's what blows Gidgeldy his own show.
You make a big change and read a rage.
It's worse or the same.
He hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a four.
Not that essentially blows sportful radio.
Well we have some big numbers.
That's big numbers.
That's important.
Oh, Golly, Riley, Joe.
You know the line I really wanted to play with the one where he goes.
Like that.
Because that's him.
Just amazing to me that the call I had from a meester you could knock me over with a feather
Duster.
At any rate, here's the clearance give you these I'm assuming?
Yes.
Well, take a look at that.
And to go ahead, this is proofs what I said about this market in this business for about a hundred years now.
Missed with success.
Waxy in the morning, the guys across the street, the ones that our sports nerds are obsessed with.
They beat the crap out of us five to seven in the morning.
D-Full.
Man, I always thought he was really good.
You know I love that corn ball crap in his.
And that fake joke.
What you always said.
D-Full, a 4.8, he was third and Tyford 10th was rock solid.
Did they go with a three on the one?
I don't want to puke.
Oh my god, the big O, I guess it's not his lock saw that he thought he was.
4.8 to a three on the only only problem for them over there now is they already blew out the foe.
Oh no, just when you thought.
In fact, none of the people that's the beauty of the whole deal.
Nobody they got in this book, which there was another one for them that they're going to be screaming about.
They're not on in those day parts anymore.
For example, 7 to 10 a.m.
Number 8 was a Joe Rose across the street with a 3.6.
And then our guys, the Akenian Bowl Abortion Show, a morning show, 2.6.
3.6 to a 2.6.
Our guys were tied for 17th.
Time for 17th on a sports show.
So Joe Rose had a 3.6.
The only problem is he's not there anymore.
And I have a feeling we know where he's going to be in September.
Wow.
Woo!
Then midday, we did a little bit better than we thought we had a 5.5.
Still number 3 though.
I'm expecting now to after announcing that we should be getting congratulations to telegrams.
3.
Did it hit me?
Right.
And pretty proud of it.
At least everybody else seems to be around.
And while you know what your morning show is number 400.
Well, you'll have a better lead in September, Neil.
We had a 5.5 in midday and across the street they had a 3.5.
Not that we care about them.
I would be at a 3.7.
So we beat the crap evidently out of rush.
And whatever other swirly they got on.
What did they got on between?
Is it Glenn Beck?
Rhymes with Drek?
Before rush?
I would ask Chris, but he is no.
Yeah, I would.
Because that's a radio question.
He doesn't know anything about radio or sports.
I and Z, Scar America, had a 1.2 share of what they were taught 24th.
And for the people that were wondering about Mr. Ego, they were across wherever he is.
Wherever that station is.
They don't exist.
They didn't make the needle move on the Richter scale.
What is it?
Captain Curtis?
Yeah, I mean, I'm not Curtis, but anyway, so 3.2 to 4.
Mad Dog had a 3.8.
He was number 9.
And across the street, whatever they got on was it the Boogster or whatever they had a 2.3.
They were number 16.
I could give you all the other stations out here then we'd be out of time.
I don't want to do that.
Maybe I do.
In fact, let's take a look and see how big it against us now that they're on from a 1.5.30 in a more
until midnight.
Let's see in midday how Ron and Paul did because they were like number 1 in the morning
man.
When Stern is non, when he's on satellite, they do great.
They had a 6.1.
They were number 1 in the morning, 7.10 a.m.
Then from 10 to 2, Big had a 5.2.
They were right on our ass.
We had a 5.5.
They had a 5.2.
But that's down from their 6.1.
And it's down from their last book when they were playing music and didn't have Ron and Paul
on for 400 hours.
Even if he finds beautiful flowers in the backyard, if you take your hose and you keep
watering and watering, taking a fine wine and that beheaded hose, taking a fine wine and
watering it down, putting like 6.000 ice cubes in the glass and just a little tink of a wine.
And if you water it down so much, it ain't so good no more.
4 to 7 p.m. the Humper, which is really amusing.
Oh, the other thing is they're going to blow Hank out.
Well guess what?
Not a good idea because 4 to 70 kicks him serious, Big fat ass.
And if anybody knows about fat ass, it's the Humper.
Trust me.
He had a 5-year number 3 and across the street Bill Bansfield had a 4 to 7 number 7 in the
market.
4 to 8.
So Hank beat him fair in a square.
Is there more stuff coming here that I should look at or what?
There's more stuff coming.
But I shouldn't look at it.
Of course.
Sure, and here's the hourly.
That's right.
Now we're talking.
Now we are talking heavy, heavy duty, baby.
Duty.
Look at that.
They had a 10 share.
Well, what are those numbers?
What are those numbers in the third column?
That's going to be?
I got to reach over to the machine here.
What is this?
Is this a joke?
What third column?
What are you?
This is Raxi from 11 to 9.
They had a 10 share.
What are these numbers?
I don't know what you're looking at.
What you just sent me, oh man.
25 to 34, excuse me.
Oh.
Excuse me, 25 to 34.
That's where they kicked me smelly ass.
Because they got those young hipsters on.
There's only problem is that the people they had on these day parts, they're not
eye over there anymore.
Sit the yid.
He's on the morning now.
25 to 34.
What about us?
Why do we keep getting all these Raxi numbers?
That's all that's our baby carol.
Raxi, Raxi, Raxi, Raxi, Raxi, Raxi,
Get it them all in the audience.
That's all they care about.
You people are sick man, clearance you're an idiot.
You're a moron.
Do we have anything from QAM here?
Yeah, there we go.
We heard in pages there.
25 to 54.
Look at that.
Look at that from 1 to 5 in the morning we got a 0.6.
From 1 to 5 in the AM overnight.
When people are hopefully sleeping.
Except for a bunch of degenerates.
5 to 6 AM, D-fo was picking big smelly ass baby.
He had a 7.6 year and Raxi solid.
Big O had a 2.3.
7.6 to a 2.3 and 6 to 7, D-fo had a 3.9 and we had a 3.4.
Our morning guys dropped to a 3.2 and then to a 2.3 and then to a 2.4.
We started out with a 6.0.
Oh!
They liked that.
That was our big hour.
Across the street they had a 3.1.
It's in a clock way to 6.
Look at that.
We had one clock of 5.4 a year and then a 2.3.1.
What's going on with the mad dog?
How is he really?
What's happening with him?
We need to fight out.
We don't want to stir up an image in that ass because he's a legend.
He's a legendary.
He's a wild man.
Did OK 4 to 4 at a 4.5.
And the Humper had a 5.5 share at 4 and a Sebastian had a 3.4.
Then the Humper beats in 4.9 to a 4.1 and then in 6.0 clock is when we get beat.
You want to know why because Hank was off at 6.30 most of the time for that Marlon crap.
5.7 over for LeBaster and 4.6 for us.
Night time they just whipped our ass.
Oh those Marlins baby.
Not only are we losing money hand over fist over Limp Rist but the number is manay.
You could put the number at a magnifying glass and still on see it.
You could put the Mount Palace of Mara telescope on the numbers for the Marlins.
And if you thought those numbers are bad you should have seen the Panthers.
And of course like I said across the street just when they start making all the changes
come to find out they were doing better than they thought.
25 to 34 they are kicking our ass.
Kicking our ass.
Look at that.
The younger guys of course the problem is that those people aren't on anymore.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
And you know Mr. Bigmouth over there said that he's going to be talking.
Oh we had an 8 4 share at 10 o'clock and a 10 share, 10 share.
25 to 34.
Must be all the young punks from New York you think?
They just loved his ass.
Here over here nothing.
We had a 3 9, a 3 8, a 4, 5 at noon, 5 3 at 1 and then the mad dog drops to a 3 7.
25 to 34.
I mean who wants to listen to some 64, almost 65 year old fag on the radio.
Am I right? Who now wants to hear that?
Uh, me?
Well yeah you get paid for it.
That's right.
25 to 34.
Boy we just sucked wind.
I don't even know what I got here.
Oh 3, what is this?
35 to 54?
Well what is this that he's sending me here all this crap huh?
I think people are trying to like a dittle with me today and I can't even feel nothing.
I'm serious.
Men 35 to 54 we kicked their ass but then again who wants old guys like you?
Right.
Nothing.
We got a 6.9, 35.
I'll take it.
Well what turns this to make whether it's 25 to 35 or 35 to 54 okay?
And of course the fact is that the younger are crowd.
They don't listen to AM in the first place and number two where they were not promoting.
How are we going to get any new audience when nobody even knows what those going on over here?
But now that we got the dolphins and those big ballsy promos,
that big deep voice,
now we're going to kick some serious butt.
You know the voice I'm talking about?
Sure and don't forget those training camp updates top and bottom.
And the training camp forget about the updates, how about the promos for it?
The U.
Yeah!
So men the dress,
this behavior makes us gay,
such as you catch us feel in the know the kids, is it?
Bisexual.
It's nothing cold for some day,
is it me or is it gay?
It's like a limb's with another guy, hey?
I think it's bisexual.
It's true that we want to think that a man,
you know, maybe it's time for a change sooner.
What's supposed to mean?
A life's kiss and men is no surprise.
Just a very exoscientist,
just a small bisexual.
You just hurt me gay!
I've heard about it with a guy before, you're my first.
The shout's very gay.
Well we need to just come clean,
but we read on T and D,
so he gets them thought he needs.
I just really hope he's not a queen.
Did you go to gay high?
Through fairy.
Love it 18,
whatever it is,
it's 560 over the cure.
And we used to be great here baby,
we used to be kicking big smelly ass,
and now,
how else other story?
We got 631 votes on the pool,
and you know, I love Tommy,
but did you hear that spot that we just played?
That the high life spot?
Yeah.
Pork Asso Buso?
I'm not sure what he said.
I'm not sure how to say it right.
Asso Buko.
Okay.
How else would you say it?
There were two seasons.
Oh, I've been saying it,
so I'm glad I'm ready.
How else would you say it?
Asso Buko.
Asso Buso.
Profondo Basso.
Ocho Buso.
Big Asso.
Buso Basso.
631 votes on the pool today,
and boy, we're not too happy about that.
Chris is hoping for 800 on that.
Yeah, that's what I was hoping for,
but you know,
we'll get it, we'll get it.
And which public place or event that you visit
are you most disgusted by people's behavior?
The Roads 278, movie theater 104,
especially people talking out loud.
Oh, and he's going to do it.
That's what I love about it for.
People who have seen the movie before,
especially in AIDLI-LUK,
doing a running dialogue to their friend
of what's going to happen next,
and what they're going to say next.
Restaurant 53,
Bar or Nightclub 44,
store 28,
store like, you know,
good old store, country store,
711 store, publics,
Windixie, oh,
Airport 26,
Place of Worship 25,
Concert 23, Family reunion 11.
Well, if you're dumb enough to go to a family,
we need you to deserve to get disturbed.
Beech 10, casino or gaming set of 9,
especially if they're sitting right next to you
at the machine and farting a lot,
winning 8,
funeral home 7,
Park 3,
Bank 3,
Dr. Dennisoff is 2,
other 634.
But there's been a lot of wire die-reasonous life-book,
you know, that's what I'm thinking.
Because when I see the 25
to 34 number for them,
how distorted it is,
especially Sid the obnoxious kid,
I mean, what are we talking about there?
What in God's name are they talking about?
And they really think he's going to do a number against,
whoever we got in the morning,
maybe Joe Rose starting in September,
they must be dreaming.
Well, you know what the proof of the pudding is going to be today
since it seems like everybody's deserted us?
Ah, yeah, I can handle it.
The checks are still coming in.
I'm taking care of our money, George.
Thank you very much, Elijah.
But the proof of the pudding is going to be at noon today,
when we're out fast,
we sell out to a 50-high-life cafe certificate.
And now that I find out that a lot of other stations are doing this,
I thought it was something clever and innovative that we came up with.
So did I.
I mean, is a good idea,
but I think it's been four years ago,
stuff like that.
I'm talking about now.
I'm talking about now as we speak,
including the anxious stupas over there across the street.
See, I think we ought to be real excited the fact that we kicked big gas against IOD,
and we'd need to crap out a rush like we usually do.
I wonder if Tom Jic is going to put that in an article not,
not that Neil even up in Toronto,
or he's out of touch with South Florida.
I touched it over the weekend, believe me.
Oh, God.
What a place.
The Hathy humidity.
And of course, now here, it's hotter in the end of the word yesterday and today too,
but that's over tomorrow.
Maybe that just for me.
So I'll feel like more at home, you think that's possible?
Sure.
But look at those nice 35 to 54 numbers we got.
We got a 6-9 at 10 o'clock.
Of course, these numbers are nothing compared to what we used to have.
I know.
So do I know.
Those were the days.
Those were the days, the salad days, baby.
The salad days.
Back when I could do the Neil Roger show, not the Joyce directed Neil Roger show.
Not the Joyce restricted Neil Roger show.
Not the Joe Bell inflicted Neil Roger show.
Those are the days.
That's what Mary Popkin says.
On Apple records, no less.
But she now gets to Rotten Apple.
That's what we got.
The Rotten Apple.
You've best done.
Very nice.
Look at that beautiful.
She said best.
I'm not a star, though, but I didn't have time to roll my arm.
Oh, by the way, Miguel read my reply.
That's good.
When you know during the summer months, people are just not paying too much attention to you there on my space.
Because I don't know.
They're on vacation stuff like that.
But they are.
They're out screwing around, whatever they're doing.
But the summertime is not the time to be sitting inside and diddled out on the computer.
So the my space, people, a lot of them have abandoned me.
And you know what?
It's okay.
To them.
That's what I say.
They're busy, man.
They're trying to be busy.
You find out who the people are that really care, who care enough to send their very best.
When it's this time of the year, when it's a dose they all go stow.
A ghost that is no you.
Excuse me.
See, I know my espanyola, man.
I know my Mexican.
Very good.
No, it's not.
And I'm going to start saying some of the words on here that probably.
Why not?
Since they're Mexicans, they're going to startle here.
No, come it on.
Yeah, what about it?
And I can't.
Yeah.
Sixth-hand in Pentejo, while we know that.
Sure.
Or we can't say that.
Sure you can.
No, we can't.
It means public hair.
Six hundred forty-five votes on a poll.
Now, if we'd buy some miracle ads seven, I don't know.
I guess we could do nine today.
That's what Robert Creepard learned at the board said.
You might do.
The eye.
That's what he told me this morning.
That's one good thing about not being there amongst so many others is not having to deal with him.
How's Ray Perry doing with those dolphin tickets, by the way?
I don't think I'm going to hear from my close personal friend until we get those tickets and you put them in his hand.
Put that package in his hand.
Oh, very well.
Well, last weekend I tried to put another package in his hand. He ran away and I maybe that's why I don't hear from him.
Look at that default number, man.
And now you know that's got to be bogus.
Am I right? Sure, of course it is.
Come on.
All of a sudden after all those desperate horrendous grotesque, when did they blow him out?
I don't know.
Not that long ago.
It's certainly after the spring book.
Spring book was April, May and June.
So that was all me foe, man.
And of course the audience, all of a sudden they discovered me foes on over here on real early in the morning.
And they just loved it.
Where's that thing again?
Five to seven a.m.
A four eight.
And the big go with his big ego.
Rock solid three one.
He's got a big ego.
You do know that?
Mm-hmm.
The big ego.
Now does he?
Does he still do that spot?
Watch, watch, watch, watch, watch, watch.
Rock solid.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know, listen to that five to seven in the morning while I'm ashamed of you, man.
No.
Devo just kicked his nasty ol' ass.
And now Devo's gone.
Maybe we can get Devo back.
Not.
What do you think?
Oh, it'd be the improvement.
Just the ongoing mystery, baby, of South Florida radio.
What used to be South Florida radio?
I remember what it was.
It used to be pretty good.
It used to be a lot of fun.
Working in radio now, I work for Fat Ass Jolly Joe.
And he's a Rolly buddies.
All his cronies.
Talk about cronies.
And I started to say before the break 100 hours ago that Kenny Walker, that's where that whole deal came from too.
He cooked that up.
Because that's another one of his old buddies.
I don't know from where or from when or from how or where if they've been doing something either or what.
But that's another one of his buddies.
So he invented that show.
And of course, take a look at how that puked out.
By the way, the food here is going to be all distracted for a while.
Oh, you got the food there from the high life cafe.
That's a good short rib.
That's a short rib.
That's a short rib.
That's a short rib.
Short rib.
How about some long rib?
You got filet mignon?
Just we do.
You don't have that assobuso, do you?
I don't know.
Pork assobuko.
And dive in what salad here?
We love you, Tommy.
But it's assobuko.
And not assobuso, you jackass.
And what is it?
And dive salad does that.
End up with that.
I dive right into myself.
I dive right into the end.
I dive right into the end.
I dive right into the end.
If I was you.
It sounds really good.
And you've been raving about that place.
I love cafe.
That's what we got.
We got $50, $100 certificates for $50, save half price.
And they go on sale in 34 minutes, but who's counting right at the
Astroca Noon?
Absolutely.
This one shall do it right there.
Shoot me up for the ball game.
Call me up with the noise.
So I'll have small nuts on a face that's cracked.
I got tumors growing on my back, but I'll shoot.
Shoot, shoot, shoot some more stare.
Royates for the first training game.
Cause how else could I join Barry Bonds in the whole of fame?
1131 at 560 WQAM.
Anybody out there?
That's the question.
We'll find out, I guess, at noon, won't we?
Sure, if you say so.
658 votes on the pool.
That's not too shabby considering you started out with what about six?
Yeah, about that.
Or maybe it was eight.
Yeah, I don't know what it was.
It was a pretty small number this morning.
I looked at that and I thought, what the hell is wrong with these people?
Maybe they're just not there.
Maybe they're on vacation.
Maybe they hit us like poison now.
Oh, I got to go with my bacon now.
Can I do it?
No.
These ribs are so good.
Well, that's why I did it.
During the break, I went into the kitchen and because of the fact that
you're raving about all the food you're eating and the short ribs and long ribs,
and you also boot so and boot go and I thought, I'm going to make me some more bacon.
So, kill them with it.
I'll be right back.
Oh, okay.
Do we have filler?
Yeah.
We don't want to play that, do we?
No, I got something.
We got what?
Fill our music?
Gotta be quicker than that.
We got our mouth open.
Hot.
Fill our hot.
We can do it.
I mean, we could say something.
That's why we tried to go skating last night with Dave Hagen.
One up going drinking and set.
Not an unusual story if anybody knows Dave Hagen.
Yeah.
Actually, we were meeting in the park in Lodges.
We were going to drink before we went in there, told my flask up.
All the rest just filled it up with the breakfast.
We got a portion of drugs again and we won't.
Yeah.
But it was the wrong color nights ago.
Nobody warned me.
Oh, was it?
Just keep going.
You're doing a good job.
What was the night supposed to be?
The ladies night.
And there were ladies there.
But they were all the wrong colors.
Every single one of them.
And they were the wrong color.
Well, they weren't the same color as we were.
And so we didn't go in.
Was a good thing to me.
Been there, done that.
We had that pretty racial thing.
Really racist, just because we would have been the only white people in the place that night.
Because I've done that before.
You know the interesting part of all these work out.
All the stuff.
There's pile of crap that he just sent me.
And this, and see, it isn't important that we do well.
It's important that they do badly.
There was only one other radio station that's on the front.
That's right.
And that's because they talk about sports.
Right.
And the good part of it is,
DeFos is not on any early morning anymore.
Joe Rose is not on 7 or 10 anymore.
Sid the Eid ain't on in midday anymore.
The Booster is going by by somewhere.
I don't know what that's all about.
And the Marlins that are killing us.
And the Panthers that killed us for all those years.
They're both going over there.
So they can lose money.
Which, you know, they got a lot of experience doing that.
We'll sell them.
Scuttlebuzz is, Marlins aren't going over there.
Where are they going?
940 is what I'm not here.
940.
Scuttlebuzz get who?
From the business.
From the selling one?
In the business.
In the business.
You know somebody in the business?
Yeah, I don't.
I don't.
I don't.
I don't.
Well, this bacon is so good.
Really crisp.
Mmm.
Good.
Try to down to a sauce.
This filet is not crisp on the other hand.
It's tender and buttery.
Tender and juicy.
And if you've got it with your finger?
You've got it with the scuttlebuzz.
You know it's awful.
It doesn't like that tender juicy meat.
Oh my god, here comes the dessert.
Time to die.
Are you serious?
They've got a chocolate coca-cola cake.
That is the lightest thing, even lighter than you.
That you've ever experienced in your life.
Huh.
I'll be damned.
And I have been damned because I've been eating microwave bacon.
And you're sitting there having a feast.
Well, I forget I don't want to be totally left out.
I mean, as you know, I already had my initial dose of bacon this morning.
Right.
You had two?
It's an eye-catching, my second dose.
My dose.
That means four.
Six hundred and sixty-five votes on a pool.
Oh, come on, folks.
Let's get to seven hundred by noon.
Then Chris will feel like a real man.
Single four sensors have been an exhibition of photographs, depicting gay men and women kissing.
A gay rights activist said yesterday, calling the move absurd.
The city state's media development authority in Singapore,
they're not the exhibitions organizers or license on the grounds that the photographs promote a homosexual lifestyle.
Alex Owl, founder of a Singapore gay rights group, people like us told the AP.
Alex Owl, when you squeeze him, he goes, Owl.
A.U., how else you say, A.U. Owl?
And you know how I said it?
Owl Owl.
Did you just choke on your assurance or what?
Well, I'm working on it.
Jesus.
Good stuff is just wild.
Isn't it really?
Oh, yeah.
Just fall off the day.
Like, you don't even need a knife.
Fall off the moon.
I like Cafe.
Where's the location here on this?
Like, 3000 North Federal South Federal North Federal.
How come there is no address?
Oh, here it is, 3000 North Federal Highway and the Plaza 3000.
This is South of Oakland Park Boulevard.
Right.
The first copy, they don't even have an address, Duff, on the east hand side.
On the east hand side of Federal.
To South of Oakland, it's a little treat like other restaurants.
The exhibition on the panel, kissing, is a selection of 80 post shots of same sex kissing
between fully-closed models that Owl, who shot the photos, Owl Loud.
Kiss Owl's canceled after organizers received letter from the immediate development authority
Monday saying it was rejecting their application for a licensed All Day exhibition Owl said.
The media regulated confirmed an email statement rejected Owl's application for a licensed
All Day exhibition.
Presently, homosexual content is allowed in the appropriate context, which should not be
part of a promotional or exploitative nature, Amy Tsang, deputy director of media content,
said in the statement.
I wonder if he's saying for her supper.
The proposed exhibition would focus mainly on homosexual kissing, is deemed to promote a homosexual
lifestyle and can't be allowed, said Amy Tsang.
Tsang, however, said film that authorities have previously allowed briefs and sex kissing
in stage plays and adult rated films.
The exhibition was part of indignation to the J.Priot series of forms, film screenings, lectures
and other events that was scheduled to start later yesterday.
Uh-uh.
No way Jose.
It's absurd to think that gay people do not also kiss and that representation such a reality
would be subversive Owl said there was a very stereotypical representation of gay's
and those being said as deviance and I think it's important to correct the stereotype.
Deviance, my ass.
I'm sorry.
That's what I heard.
Owl had to be in place of the canceled exhibit organizers planned a talk to be accompanied
by a slideshow of the photos into her gatherings don't require police permits.
Under a single four-log gay sex is deemed an act of gross indecency punishable by a maximum
of two years in jail.
Authorities at Band Gay, festivals and sensitive gay films saying homosexuality should not be
advocate of his lifestyle choice despite the official band and gay sex there have been few
prosecutions because those horny fags are going to do it, you know, come hell or high water.
And even in high water and then they'll go to hell.
You know how that goes?
That's what Kimba Bo Campbell would tell you if he was here right now.
He's sick and tired of taking his little kids and his nephews and everybody else's little kids into
public tea rooms in Fort Lauderdale and seeing all those men doing stuff.
What kind of stuff?
Pean.
Stuff like that.
Stuff that involves the meal member.
Kind of hard to, you know, if you're a guy it's kind of hard to pee without a member.
In fact, when Kimba goes into what he does his own survey to find out if those people belong
there or not, when he goes into a public tea room in Fort Lauderdale especially over there on the beach,
hey are you a member or what?
Do you belong here?
Kimba.
He spends an awful lot of time in guys at tea rooms, you know that?
Ethan Skolnik.
I bet you're him and Alice Farfaz are probably in the tea room together right now.
Six-hundred-seventy votes on Charlie B's pool.
We don't think the pool's all that bad to be honest with it.
But all the living and breathing people over there, they're probably out with Gelted.
I don't think Gelted is on well, we know a really big trouble.
Said the kid could do that number with, you know, what was it 25 to 26-year-olds?
You don't think there was a bunch of wire diaries in there, do you?
No.
Because this has happened with them like, I think this is the third time in the two and a half years that they've been on here, whatever it's been.
Every once in a while they get a bunch of wire diaries and some narrow demographic they get this wild number.
They're like, oh my god, we're kicking ass!
And then like the very next month they all disappear, like they all died.
And maybe they got smart and they all left town.
So good.
This is CNN.
Tonight is the CNN YouTube debate.
So the first time in debate history questions will come directly from the Internet, submitted on YouTube.
So let the conversation begin.
So, right.
If you were elected, would you correct the problems that George first created?
We don't want to solve problems.
And I admit, I would like to literally just knock our country off course.
Obama, what's your opinion on the other candidates?
This campaign can't only be about me.
It must be about me.
Only me.
Me.
And we're waiting.
I'm a campaign failed.
Where do you think it will have to be?
On front forches and factory floors and in hospital boards, fast food restaurants and supermarket checkout lines, everywhere I go.
Hillary, what's your favorite honey?
20 graphic television.
CNN.
677 votes on a poll.
I'm still finishing my baking.
So I started gagging and choking.
That means either I'm going to cook or I'm really enjoying it a lot.
Well, just keep going.
I'd like all of you to cook, all right.
We need the ratings.
Yeah.
That's how it goes.
Oh.
677, we're not going to make 700 by the top of the hour.
That's for damn sure.
Because why would people be worrying about that when it glows to wqm.com and be poised to a hop-up one of those 50 certificates?
$100 certificates for only $50 bucks.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes.
You bet you're absolutely.
So we'll see.
That to me is going to be the litmus test.
Congresswoman Tammy Baldwin, Democrat of Wisconsin, and Congressman Donald Payne of New Jersey, has signed out his quest boxes of House Bill 333, a bill proposing articles of impeachment against Dick Cheney.
According to the Office of Congressman Lil Dennis Kissinger with a bad hair piece.
Kissinger's the original sponsor of the bill.
Baldwin is the fourth member of the House Judiciary Committee who have added her name to the bill.
A 50-year-old committee member, Steve Cohen, is thus far signed on only to a bill proposing the impeachment of Attorney General Alberto Vio. 5 Gonzalez.
And goes on and has got all the names which show who cares about the names, right?
Right.
Like Maxine Waters.
I don't.
Well, Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi has imposed impeachment.
She's been poaching it since May 2006, but this week said that if she were not the speaker, she'd probably be backing impeachment.
And that impeachment of Gonzalez is clearly mirrored, liar liar, your pants are on fire, is what she said.
I'd love to hear her sing it, wouldn't you?
Sure.
Remember we can get John McCain to come back up and sing.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, a ram.
Like a crazy person which he is.
You know what I mean? His campaign is going over like Hal
and the party shot, you know, on the way out.
Do you want me to buy that?
Pardon me about that.
What do you need by that?
And the good news for me and for Chris, because you won't have to worry about it.
Like you did last week.
Remember last Thursday, Mike?
And you can say it was my computer.
And of course it was not. It was the link was screwed up.
Not the link is fixed and we're just fine.
I still think it was you.
It was not me.
Okay, every time it's just like that thing when the dropouts were going on last to whatever day it was.
We know that was you.
Oh, well get down on the floor and the redo the the modem that I didn't do.
And I said because it's going to strain itself on.
And is there any problem today?
No.
No, because it was on that end.
And it was pouring cats and dogs there.
Just like it was several times when I was down there this for God awful days.
The only thing worse than being there is not being able to get out.
Well, remember that one year in October I came down and it was the hurricanes going on.
And what about it?
Like a deer or two trying to get that out of there?
Oh my God.
What?
What's cool?
11 minutes and 43 seconds.
I love watching a countdown clock.
If you want to go to w2m.com even if you don't want to buy those certificates you can at least see what time it is.
And that's true.
I mean you have to like kind of extrapolate in your mind.
Or we'll do it for you.
11.27.
Until those things.
Now correct me if I'm wrong within the beginning.
Wasn't it more like they opened it early a couple of times?
Supposedly they opened it a couple of minutes earlier but I mean I didn't really pay that much attention to it.
You are such a skeptic man.
Show me.
No thanks.
Thank you.
Pass deals.
Now which one do we have last week?
Joseph's water?
Yes.
Now that one for whatever reason.
Took an hour and 55 minutes to solve 50.
What was the reason for that?
Of course I've ordered your one to two.
Yeah let's be your boyfriend.
No I was having a bitch over time.
You're having a bitch at the time.
Oh I'm thinking because you can't see it from the road and a lot of people are familiar with the restaurant.
And because you guys didn't rave enough about how good the food was?
That must have been it.
Now that's not going to be the case today.
Our record is 29 and 19 minutes.
Rivals, waterfronts, sports, grill, by the way the professor rate there until me was sensational.
And thanks me profusely for sending you the money to send him the stuff.
Look how low is there again.
Let's wait.
So do you have a cake in?
I have a restaurant I'm starting on my big giant chunk now.
Isn't this wow.
Chunk or what?
Cake.
Chocolate, cocoa, polka cake.
Chunk someone.
Recipe.
You're talking about today's stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So we sold out rivals in a few minutes and the way you're raving about the good stuff today
from a high life cafe and that also Buso that Tommy was raving about.
You know I like Tommy a lot.
He's a great guy.
I've always liked him.
I think he might even like me a little bit, not too much.
He loves you.
But if ever there was a guy who you'd say there's the definitive gory that's Tommy.
I'm not talking about his personality.
He's got a great personality.
I'm just talking about his delivery, you know.
You know I'm talking about.
Did he deliver it?
Yeah.
And there's always a cross on the cake.
692 votes.
We will make 700 by the top of the R&D.
There's an outside chance.
There is no chance.
I'm getting to a thousand a day.
None.
You know what?
Why?
Think positive.
Let me say it again.
There is no.
Listen very carefully.
No.
No.
No.
Chance.
A thousand votes today.
And I don't know why.
I don't know why.
I think it's a plot.
Not that I'm paranoid or you know I'm into these conspiracy theories.
But I get the feeling that I'm being shined today.
This is shined the old day.
I got only one strip of life in my hair.
Shined this.
Shined my shoes.
Love I can.
Especially when you have a smiley feet.
I do have a smiley feet.
No, I don't have a smiley feet.
But I don't know what it's like.
What did you start getting a smiley feet?
I always used to brag about your feet and how dainty they are.
I never said they were dainty.
Okay.
You said they were beautiful.
You said it was the most beautiful part of your life.
My ankle is on down.
That's the only good part.
Now actually from my knees down.
They're slim.
Yep.
They're trim.
Brute.
Hairy.
My circulation is good.
That's what the doctor said before he prescribed a drug that I can't take.
One of the blue veins.
I don't have no varicois veins.
My mother had those.
In fact, if you'd been nice enough to me all these years, I would have had them varicois veins stripped out of her legs and sent them to you in the mail.
Oh, come on.
We're having good lunch here.
When she died.
I had a fantastic day.
Well, there you go.
I can make some lunch for me out of it.
I don't want you to enjoy it too much.
Don't be jealous.
I am.
Especially.
What was that?
What kind of cake?
Coker cola.
Chocolate?
Coca-cola cake.
And what does that mean?
It means it's mmm.
You shouldn't be mad.
You pig.
You fast-sell.
I'm sorry.
I'm eating it for you.
Yeah.
Not good of excuse.
Well, under a lot of stress, I'm having a quarter of ice cream.
You know.
Yeah, that's just how we live.
Sounds really good.
Maybe some of that brier-score ice cream.
To wash down my bacon.
Of course, I'd have to go to a little store across the street.
And then the hospital.
That's not, that's a step close by.
Well, that's good.
When you get to be my agent, it's always good to be close by the toilet and the hospital.
Now, once in a while, like you're not close enough by the toilet, just go to the hospital.
One good thing about, you know, like you have to keep them in the kitchen a lot of public tea rooms.
Very good.
In fact, I was hanging out in one in Vogue Camp or came by and was just shaking his finger at me.
He was shaking something.
Looks like a finger.
Do you have a hug?
No.
He's, uh, there's something wrong with him.
He's just, I never, I think what it is is over the years that we worked with him and I would be in here.
We never really spent all that much time with him.
You rubbed off?
No, I'm just telling you.
Well, what?
Did George Dyer something or what?
The light that he was on was okay.
He got it.
We never spent that much sense of it.
So we'd never got to know what, I mean, Dullard, we knew that.
Well, it was a pretty good guy.
But I never realized that he was the stereotypical uptight, homophobic, right wing, you know, the typical jock type, you know, like that.
And speaking of that, what are we going to do about the mad dog?
Oh, right.
His numbers are really, uh, not what they used to be.
I'll say that.
Play them on Curtis.
Well, is that, is that really going on?
I mean, is Curtis like taking over the show now?
Is Captain Kennedy on the show?
No, he's, he's his George to you.
I really don't know how to react to that.
Yeah, I'm not sure what you mean by that.
Was that a shot?
No.
He's his sidekick, just like George is your sidekick.
He asked him a question.
He answers.
Chop, Curtis.
White House senior advisor, Carl Robas,
reviewed the Senate Judiciary Committee's subpoena and will not appear today to testify about his role in the firing of those nine US attorneys,
Senator Patrick Leahy said late last night.
Senate Judiciary chairman tried to the White House for allowing Rob to give public speeches about the Attorney Fairies scandal,
but not to permit his testimony under oath.
Mr. Robas given reasons for the firings that have now been shown to be inaccurate after the fact fabrications, Leahy said.
Yet now he refuses to tell this committee the truth about his role in targeting more respected US attorneys for firing and in seeking to cover up his role and that of his staff in the scandal.
Like I said, liar liar, your thing is on fire.
So, so we actually have like billboards or something coming or what or you just make that up.
I like that up.
Does somebody a couple of logos of something there?
Although I didn't have my name on it.
Because it's sports, it's sports.
Not knee or Rogers, not entertainment, not sports, it's sports.
Round the clock.
All you can digest, all you can handle.
All you can eat.
All you can eat.
All you can breathe.
All you can dump out.
That's right.
All you can chew on.
Yeah, chew on this.
So that's where it's at.
And since we're not in that category, we don't get no promotion.
700 votes by 1155, that's not too bad.
And in five minutes, the certificates are going to go on sale for the high-off cafe.
A big apartment?
Four.
In four minutes in the 18 seconds or some bizarre number like that.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Is your dog misbehaving?
There's one man who can help with your problem pooch.
Michael Vick, the dog whisperer.
Dog whisperer, please help.
Rover will stop barking.
If you don't shut the hell up, I'm going to get a job on out here.
I'm going to rip out your damn voice box with this tea today.
Amazing.
There's no canine conundrum that Michael Vick, the dog whisperer, can't cure.
Dog whisperer?
Well, I'm making nothing on the carpet.
Nothing.
You make one more pooch stain on that carpet.
I'm going to get a job on up here and make a big ol' stain which will burn in intestines or whatnot.
You killing me dog!
Thank you, dog whisperer.
Michael Vick and diagnosed and disciplined any dog.
Dog whisperer, my pitpo keeps attacking other dogs.
So, you do?
Really?
Yeah.
Jump good boy.
You come and live with me when we cut some money.
Michael Vick is the dog whisperer.
Coming this fall, live on Sundays because he won't be playing football.
Okay, trouble one at five sixty-watt.
We have only ten left.
Can that be for real or what?
Is real?
Seems to be.
Excuse me.
Out of fifty, about your pardon?
Six.
Eight.
Two four six eight.
We got eight left for the high-life cafe.
And I think you guys deserve all the credit.
For raving them out, how great the food was.
We'll take it.
We'll take all the credit.
Three left.
So, lamented trace.
Absolutely.
But again, we got to see if these are all real or bogus.
We have some bogus people out there with bogus credit cards and bogus intentions.
In fact, this is the company that put the G in bonus.
That's right.
This is the company that put the G in the word bonus.
They made it bogus.
That's correct.
We used to get a bonus.
Now it's bogus.
Thanks a lot to us.
Charlie Jod is only a pair.
A small pair.
You could pay to show up on the days off me.
Yeah, I'll send you a bill.
Okay, fat ass.
We still got those two.
You know what this is going to be like?
What?
Now I keep refreshing it and it still says dose.
Dose.
As in you got one.
Oh, Solomon De Olo.
Just one.
Well, we can get this all done all 50 by like 12.03.204.
This could be a record put us in the Guinness Book of Records, couldn't it?
I think so.
Now, but just do that thing.
So not like in the two, three minutes.
One.
I just got through saying Solomon De Olo did.
Yeah, he was talking.
What?
You were talking over me.
He didn't hear it.
He meant to say Uno.
I said Uno.
Schmuck.
First I said dose.
And then I said Uno.
And he was singing in English with someone else.
Yeah, one.
One, I want to ask a busso.
Hey, Tommy, get with it.
You silly goy.
And this is just like last week.
We got to one and then it doesn't.
It never goes to zero.
What does that mean?
How can I was that possible?
We're selling them in chunks.
They're just trying to mess with you.
They're messing with my mind again.
They probably Eric's got his finger in this too.
He's got his fat finger stuck in the middle of this because he, yeah, there's food involved.
So let me know what it flips over to zero.
Okay.
You're going to keep your eye on it.
Are you refreshing it?
And the page two.
It still says one.
Now maybe it's automatically set up so that it won't say sold out until all of these are verified.
You know, like you don't say?
What do you say?
I don't know.
Well, I'm just hoping for the best.
That's good because obviously it's a great place and the food is sensational and it's a place
that people can find and the people will like.
The war in Iraq could ultimately cost well over a trillion dollars at least double what it's
already been spent, including the long-term cost of replacing damaged equipment, carrying
for wounded troops and eating the Iraqi government according to a new government annualization.
They're analyzing it.
The U.S. has already allocated more than 500 billion dollars on the day-to-day combat operations
over now 190,000 troops and a variety of reconstruction efforts still got one zero sold out
until this sold out on the legs.
But we'll see.
Now that's like four minutes.
Four minutes.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
People when it refreshes are going to save five.
You know how this thing works.
We'll give you five minutes and see what happens.
Yeah, wait five minutes and see.
In a report to lawmakers yesterday, the nonpartisan congressional budget office estimated that even under
the rosiest scenario, an immediate and substantial reduction of troops, American taxpayers will feed the financial consequences of the war
for at least a decade.
A trillion dollars.
That's why the economy is in the shambles.
That's why the American dollars were about two pesos.
The calculations included the estimated cost to leave some U.S. forces behind for at least several years to support the Iraqi government.
But they also predict other long-term costs such as extended medical care and disability compensation for wounded soldiers and survivors benefits for the families of the thousands of combat-owned fatalities.
Cost of the war and Iraq and other military operations are a sore to the point where we're now spending on these activities more than 10% of all the government's annually appropriated funds said Robert Sunshine,
the budget's office assistant director for budget analization.
He's analyzing it in the sunshine.
Remember that song by who is it?
Gail Garnett.
Will Singh in the sense that remember that?
Gail Garnett will sing in the sunshine.
Are you still right up now?
Oh, I'm digesting now. I got a sugar rush.
Sold out in four minutes.
Did my dear refresh it again because it might come up with a number now.
Still sold out.
Still says sold out.
Now if we can do that, we might actually still have an audience out there.
There she is. Gail Garnett.
RCA records, I believe, from about 150 years ago.
Will Singh in the sunshine.
Got a year?
I'm going to go out on a 62-63.
64.
Now close to the other here.
You waited another half a second, I was sitting.
I'll give you one second.
64.
Those costs, both to sustain the current mission in Iraq,
and to pay longer term hidden expenses like true healthcare and replacement equipment,
are far more than US officials advertised when Congress gave President Bush the authority
to launch the invasion in March 2003, the Iraq attack, the shock and awe.
And now we're shocked and awe-shocked.
How come they spend all our money?
All your tax dollars go into kilowatt-bunch over this in people
and a sacrifice of a bunch of wonderful American troops who are dead.
Almost 30, what is it?
3700 of them.
Something like that.
Getting closer up to 4,000.
To make you want to shed a tear or two or three.
What are you doing?
Shedding it here.
Oh.
Shedding, did you say?
That's what I said.
That doesn't mean we ate too much.
What word did you say?
No.
Sir Thirgit's left.
I keep refreshing it, worrying, fearing that my worst fears will be confirmed
that it might come back up there like seven or nine or, you know, because you never know.
This is the company that put the G in the, in bonus.
I did it better the first time, didn't I?
That's it.
He still get credit.
Bogus, baby.
Bogus, that's you fat ass, Johnny Joe.
Bogus, congratulations on being number three, Neil.
Wow.
I actually asked him yesterday and he doesn't reply.
He doesn't respond.
I asked him, I said, does Thirgit have new naked pictures or something?
What's the deal?
He's so cool.
You mean, you know, like he didn't even pretend he didn't know who he was talking about.
I said, Josh Darrow.
Oh.
How can he still be there?
How can this child support this over?
See, the reason Joe likes him is because they both have the same philosophy.
What?
Low numbers.
A lot of people know.
Higher all your friends.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
We got one Thirgit.
We got one.
One left.
Uh-oh.
That beat.
Yeah, there was some deadbeat on there, okay?
So there is one for high-level KFF.
I just chop it up right now.
Better grab a quick.
Better grab a quick.
Because once it's gone, it's gone.
You won't get none of that.
Also, Bousso.
That Tommy is going to go there and cook it up and serve it directly right to you.
He's going to spoon feed it to you.
Also, Bousso.
The strong director of the National Hurricane Center formally asked for his job back yesterday
saying he was removed from publicly criticizing his bosses.
There's nothing worse than criticizing your boss like Fat Ask Jolly Joe and Clarence
the Knitwitt, the Sybilid, Thirgit and his boyfriends.
Robert Gretler, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board, who ought to be knife with a sword.
And an 11-page letter to Conrad Loughtenbacker headed the National Oceanic and Endless Reconnaissance
Administration lawyers from Bill Prinza.
I argued that the manner in timing of his removal last month was suspect and based on a
shoddy investigation and inaccurate conclusions.
It's kind of like what's going on with all these hiring and this is hiring as a QAM.
Suspect, wouldn't you say?
Just like our good buddy Miguel.
Well, we miss him badly.
Good guy did a lot of good things and great on this show and that's why he got fired.
That's why he got fired because he wasn't from Raleigh.
He wasn't part of that fraternity.
Part of the Raleigh Mafia.
And he was one of our friends.
And he was a friend of this show, which means you're fired.
You're done.
We're hopeful they'll do the right thing and return him to his job.
Not to Miguel, although that would be nice.
They were talking about the Bill Prinza.
So Kathy Harris will wear with the Washington firm of Keter Parks and Wizer, which represents
federal employees.
He was a victim of retaliation and is protected by the Whistled Blowup Protection Act.
Oh my God.
Did you know there was a Whistled Blowup Protection Act?
Actually, I did.
I never heard that.
Harris said the letter, which was sent to Latin back when the US House Committee investigating
for N.A.R.A.R.
represented the veteran national weather service administrators only opportunity to respond to a NOAA
assessment team's recommendation that he be removed from his job permanently for a
failure in leadership.
She said no one never gave Prinza a copy of the team's support and he had to get it from
Congress, which was very disrespectful.
Don't be disrespectful.
Just like Colin Don, Tula, the brain stem, disrespectful.
Just like saying the dolphins suck, disrespectful.
How those tickets come in, by the way?
I stole.
I'm convinced that something has happened to those things.
That, you know, Ray Perry.
Because I was told yesterday by our fat ass jolly Joe that he was on the case.
He was going to personally make them sure that Ray Perry stuck it in your hands in the ticket
package too.
We still got that one.
See, this is what happens every week.
We get back to one and it just sticks there.
And so we get a premature evaluation like the whole thing is sold out and then we can't sell
off the last one.
That seems awfully suspect to me.
Doesn't seem awfully suspect to you.
It does.
Time for another freaking investor.
You take God.
Just in this constellation, do Ray.
Oh, he's used it up.
We read your Captain Digger.
Uh, he's been, uh, we got a problem.
Go ahead, man.
I can't find my other botards.
Ray, you brought Jim Beam aboard?
Yeah.
Uh, uh, the whiskey too.
It was my last bottle.
I love it all the way so much.
Uh, the bat.
That was the regulations only for bad hiding.
Right, I can't.
That's f***ing horrible.
What am I seeing?
You need to initiate your designated autopilot.
No, she'll say God, he's not mad.
Matt, what's your present trajectory?
3DGTX is us.
23 pine dots.
Oh no.
Get the Digger.
This is used it again.
What's happening up there?
Some sun-edged on factory media.
That's something.
Head down to Ron's subspeceline.
The bat third heading.
First thing I would.
Where I would go.
Well, I got a type of.
Damage report.
Uh, it's not too bad.
Let me say if this guy's got any experience.
I'll be right back.
I don't know if I can do it.
Look around.
Do you read?
I am.
From 17 to 5, 16 to 8, QYM.
What was he on when he was doing these bills this week?
I don't know.
The pot?
Okay.
Peanut butter?
741 votes on our poll.
Which means we're going to make, uh, I think 900.
That wouldn't be too bad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's the second of August, 21.
Senator Barack Obama said yesterday that the U.S. should shift its focus from the war in Iraq to a fight against terrorism in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
He said that if the Pakistani government fails to eradicate terror or operations inside its borders, the U.S. should withhold aid and should strike al-Qaeda targets there itself.
Mr. Obama said the Bush administration's about policy has made America more vulnerable to attack as weak in the country's position in pressing the President of Pakistan.
General Pervert and Musharraf to close down those terrorist training camps.
If we have actionable intelligence about high-vide terrorist targets and President Musharraf won't act Obama said today, we will.
We're going to kick their ass, what he said.
Now what he said?
That's a quote.
Right.
In the second major foreign policy address of his campaign, Obama outlined a series of proposals intended to fight global terrorism, including a plan to send at least two additional brigades of American troops to Afghanistan to reinforce counter-terrorism operations there.
At the same time, he said he would also increase non-military to the country by billion dollars.
Mr. Obama, who seeking to establish his foreign policy credentials in the wide field of presidential candidates, delivered a harsh rebuke of the administration's strategy in Iraq, but the blame he said was far beyond President Bush.
Congress rubber stamped the Rush to War giving the President brought an open-ended authority he uses to this day, Mr. Obama said,
with that vote, Congress became co-author of a catastrophic war, and we went off to fight on the wrong battlefield with no appreciation of how many enemies we would create and no plan for how to get out.
Sounds to me like he is...
Absolutely correct, sir.
Obama, who had been elected at the Senate at the time of the war authorization vote in 2002, was working to persuade Democratic Party primary voters that he has strong judgment in the foreign policy arena.
Other candidates have questioned whether he's got the experience the President needs.
Last week, Solari Clinton and Mr. Obama tweeted he did remarks about the wisdom of meeting with hostile dictators without preconditions of in pursuit of peace.
It's time to turn the page under the diplomacy of Tuck-Tuck and a Wax-No-Bama said,
it's time to turn the page on Washington's conventional wisdom that agreement must be reached before you meet that talking about the countries of some kind of reward and that President can only meet with people who will tell them what they want to hear.
The Clinton campaign did not offer response to Obama's address, which was delivered to the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars.
The lesson of the Bush years is that not talking doesn't work, Obama said, go down the list of countries we've ignored and see how successful that strategy has been.
As in... not. As in...
...earned successful.
742 votes, I think, 900 is within our grasp today.
So I think we have to scale everything down.
Unlike the boring days when we had like nine and ten shares, you know, on those glorious days when number one ratings were always a guadent team.
Remember those days?
I do.
And people cared about those things.
Yeah, and people might actually listen to something that you would say like,
sure, you've got to suck.
You wanted to help you in it.
Get good ratings and things.
Right, that's correct.
As opposed to just how many spots can we jam on here?
That's all.
How many spots can we jam in here?
And by the way, whatever you do, don't disservice the accounts.
Don't get no new copy.
So we are sold out, right?
I mean, you know, I...
Yeah, I've been sold out for about eight minutes now, so.
Wow.
That would mean in like 12 or 13 minutes we sold all 50 today.
That would be shocking.
Now some people might say, well, what's the big deal with that? Well, that's a lot.
Because that means there's a whole bunch of people trying to get down there all at the same time.
That means we got at least 50 people listening.
You don't think that's pretty good?
That's damn good.
Considering what they've done at this place in the last couple of years,
I think having at least 50 people listening at any given moment is a major miracle.
It is positively...
Incredible.
Make no mistake about it.
Speaking of ratings, Eric Boward in the smirkling chimp wants to know
how low and the ratings can blend back go.
Glenn Beck rhymes with Dreck.
He says, looks like the CNN news team threw the wrong acre overboard last week
instead of unsemoniously dumping Paul Azon for a soft primetime ratings.
The CNN brain truck should have asked Glenn Beck, whose viewership is far smaller than Zons.
In fact, on the night that Zon and I, she was leaving CNN,
Paul Azon now easily bested Glenn Beck in the ratings as it's often done for months.
The truth is, Beck show has been in a rating slump for most of this year.
The show's audience peaked ten months ago.
Yet the right-wing talker who baishes progressive's Muslims, immigrants and environment
lists when he's not pimping for the John Birch Society remains a CNN favorite among his television bosses.
If CNN were a meritocracy, it would be Beck out looking for a job, not Zon.
Instead, CNN appears to be sponsoring some sort of affirmative action program
for an audience-challenge conservators a lot of drivers ratings into the ground
when our fear of being canned.
Here's how Zon and Beck shaped up during the second quarter of this year.
Beck's weeknight show on CNN and headline news on average attracted 305,000 viewers,
111,000, which were among the crucial 254 viewer demographic advertisers want.
By comparison, Zon during the second quarter grabbed 557,000 viewers each night,
190,000, 2554, yet it's Zon and her comparatively solid nightly newscast,
Lock solid, who gets pushed out the door.
To recap CNN's strange affection for the unpopular right-wing TV host,
Beck was hired by CNN and headline news in January 2006 as part of the channel's effort
to open up its primetime schedule and move beyond simply looping the latest headlines.
The previous year, CNN and headline news welcomed tabloid crime chaser Nancy Grace,
phase two was to be the rival radio talk show host Beck,
whom CNN suits famously described as being cordial and uncomfortable.
And a five-nine journalist hardcore conservative and self-described rodeo clown
was fantasized on air about killing Michael Moore, Beck has proven to be anything but cordial.
He is wondered by former President Jimmy Carter did not attend a suicide bomber graduation ceremony.
In compared to Al Gore to Al Hitler, he suggested that a black Muslim member of Congress was loyal to Al Qaeda,
and recently aired on his radio show a very creepy monologue about representative Dennis Kassinich's sex life.
Beck, what would be the drug that would be just powerful enough to make you really realize
that you're making out with Dennis Kassinich?
I was thinking cyanide, he said, that would be the only thing that would really dull the senses enough.
Even then, you dead body would be like Dennis Kassinich has his tongue in my mouth.
Then there would be Beck's embraced last week of the radical John Burt society of CNN right on headline news.
Just how extreme was Beck's move, I did a transcript search on next and determined that nearly 230 hours at CNN's broadcasts
since its inception 20s and every years ago, Beck's program was the first time any CNN anchor or reporter
interviewed a spokesman from the John Burt society and presented that person as an authority on anything.
And for good reason, the John Burt society has for decades danced on the far right fringe of American politics,
its urge cutting off all US-4 need, it beamely opposed the civil rights movement, and the society claimed presidents,
Franklin Roosevelt, Harry Truman, Dwight Eisenhower, John Kennedy, and LBJ, while coming as sympathizers.
But suddenly, thanks to Glenn Beck, John Burt society flags for being tapped as immigration experts on CNN.
Regardless of the damage Beck was doing to the larger CNN brand, CNN and headline news teams were crowing in the press about what a breakout cable news star Beck had become,
that he had the hottest show on the dial and that a show had grown headline news ratings by 80%.
The New York Times and Washington post-dutifully typed up the good news with flattering profiles to date neither newspapers reported on Beck's subsequent ratings demise.
Soon after the 2006 midterm elections, though, the bottom began to fall out.
The most glaring tilt to him moment of Beck's ratings collapse came on May 2nd, when his much-type special-taking skeptical-looker-global warming was a major ratings disappointment,
finishing in last place at both 7pm and 9pm among total viewers, losing to the regularly scheduled cable news offerings on Fox News CNN and MSNBC.
Maybe it's those dismal ratings that forced Beck and yet another CNN first to start, shilling for responses on air in the middle of the program like,
a.k.a. a.m. this jockey. I'm proud of an outset that I chose brought to you by the sleep number bed in select comforts.
What's next, Beck testimonials for pesticides and recliners? CNN and must have been so proud.
He's doing live spots like it says here like AM radio shields, this jockey.
Beck has tried to brush off his ratings, slide his Obey deal. According to blogger and Glenn Beck-Folk Chris Acore in the Hardcore conservative host on his daily radio show,
he dismissed lettering blogs that have proclaimed my TV show dead because of a bad four-week ratings period.
More like a bad four-month rating period, Beck had an offer lay for a miserable May, a tepid June, and up and down July.
It was in July that Beck subbed in for vacationing Zon in the eight o'clock hour on the mothership CNN.
This is right before CNN's Zon's bosses gave the boot.
Beck's ratings were so weak and he dragged CNN down so badly that MSNBC actually beat CNN for the weekend prime power ratings in 2554,
a feat MSNBC rarely accomplishes. In fact, prior to Beck's appearance last time MSNBC beat CNN was in April when MSNBC hosted prime time Democratic debate,
which artificially spiked their ratings. Glenn Beck rhymes with.
It's hard to read still working there by the way on the station.
You actually see him every now and then, once you have a feeling you want to step on him, I pass him by the hall now that...
Really?
Let me share and give him my regards.
Sure will, which finger? Left or right?
I just bend over and blow him a kiss.
57 votes on the poll.
27 pass noon at Q&A. This week we've featured the wonderful High Life Cafe restaurant and wine bar on a Neal Hat Price deals offer,
and sold out in about what, 14 minutes? Did you say 12, 13?
Yeah, about 14.
You'll find it at 3000 or Federal Highway in the place of 3000 just south of Oakland Park Boulevard.
They call High Life... What does it say?
They call High Life for the order of Ails Hidden Jewel.
Nice going here, Duff Beauty, because it's a little off the beaten pad.
However, once you tasted a life of High Life, you'll know the way forever.
The High Life Cafe restaurant wine bar features the cuisine of Bravo TV and Telemond Routoff Chef celebrity Carlos Fernandez.
Confused on his 12-hour braised short ribs, pumpkin meaty cramp cakes, pork also buco, or, as Tommy would say, also buco.
Merlot Roastuck, a nut-scale comfort favorite, like chicken fried chicken, with creamy mashed potatoes or granny smithed stuffed chicken,
and a spicy bourbon glaze.
Plus, succulent pastas and tender aged angus steaks and an array of frisifus second and none.
This piece of coffee I wouldn't wipe your.
The High Life Cafe restaurant and wine bar for Lauderdale, the food is great, the coffee was bad.
For reservations called 954-563-1395.
That's 954-563-1395.
What kind of a joke is that?
They pillage, they plunder, but are they funny?
Find out.
Who's the most hilarious renegative of a high seas on?
Last pirate standing!
You like my hearings? They cost me a dollar each.
That's right, a fucking ear!
What? Just pirates from around the country, compete for laughs,
Luke and the chance to be the last pirate standing!
I had to get myself a bigger parrot.
I suffered from polyenville.
Our celebrity judges, Captain Kidd.
That was just I-right for me.
Blackbeard.
Yo, ho, ho, that routine was off the hook.
Dog and Jack Sparrow.
You see, and of course you know, that your routine lacks real swagger.
And it wasn't funny, right?
They decide which pirate walks the plank, and who will be the last pirate standing.
Would be a pirate's favorite sport.
NASCAR!
Don't miss the search for the jolliest Roger.
Tonight, on last pirate standing, did you hear the one about the pirate boxer?
He had a vicious leg, hope.
From 32 at 5.60 WQAM,
what time is he going to get his own show on?
Maybe right after Alex Marvez would surprise me, Alex and the pirates.
Ooh!
We have 764 votes.
I think we're going to make 900 today, Chris.
I think we can do it.
Yeah, I'll do it.
Put your nose to the grindstone.
That might hurt.
Or in your case, put your ass to the grindstone.
Couldn't hurt.
At which public place or event, that you visit, are you most disgusted by people's behavior?
That's our very long question and poll question today.
Thanks to Charlie B.
The road's 339, almost a 45%.
Movie theater 120, restaurant 64, bar or nightclub 52, store 36.
Airport has got...
Bop 30, man!
Place of worship 29, concert 28, family reunion 15.
At the beach 12, funeral home 10, casino or gaming center 10.
Wedding 8, bank 6, park 3, and Dr. Dennis' office 2.
Nobody put public tea room.
Huh.
Well, that's because we didn't put it on there, right?
Were we going to put that on there?
Or I just dreamed that?
I think you just dreamed that.
I'll put it on there with Jim Noggle.
Didn't somebody suggest that?
Public restroom?
Didn't somebody send that in on a fax?
And I said, let's get that on there?
Get that on there.
It is on there?
Yeah.
Where the hell is it?
You got to look.
Where the hell is it?
At the bottom of the road.
It's not on there?
Yeah, it is.
It's not on mine.
Let me refresh it.
Okay, you might...
See, this is what he's doing.
Yeah, he's just put it on there now.
What are you talking about?
It's been there for a good minute now.
You are so full of crap.
Get out of here.
You are so full of it.
And make your lying.
Okay, right now.
I want you to admit your lied.
I said it's been on there for a good minute or so.
Oh, yes, since I said that, where the hell was it going?
Jim Noggle and Kim Bocafer were going to take you on the parking lot
and beat the stop-out if you don't quit.
No, thank you.
Exposing the kind of chicane-ride that goes on in the public restrooms,
especially on the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
Speaking of disgusting,
whoopi Goldberg will bring no celebrity feuds
with her when she joins the view.
Oh!
Thank God I don't watch that show.
And you wonder why the women of America are most of them are so screwed up?
You wonder?
I don't wonder.
I know you don't.
Who knows if she told the AP?
Anybody could say, I don't like her.
That's okay.
I just won't come to your home.
Well, good, because I would...
I'd shut the door so fast on that bitch.
It's kind of like they're in a contest.
First they got Bob Wah who I guess was...
She was the brains behind that show.
So to speak?
Yeah, she was the...
It was her brain baby.
She was the mover and the...
Snaker.
With her bad speech defect, we got her on her.
She just turned 100.
And then all the other...
The most obnoxious brawds, and I do mean brawds,
that anybody could possibly see.
I can't watch whoopi Goldberg.
I get spilties just from looking at her.
That already sets her apart from her predecessor.
The view, putting Rosie O'Donnellan's rear-view mirror,
a first-layened videoist Goldberg to the show's audience,
as its moderator yesterday.
She'll start full-time after Labor Day.
She's going to be the moderator.
O'Donnellan says,
she was leaving ABC's daytime talk show.
After less than a year filled with controversy and feuds
with Donald Trump and co-star Elizabeth Hasselbeck,
among others.
But Goldberg, 51.
Goldberg's only 51.
It's no stranger to political controversy.
Goldberg was dumped from a slump fast-ed campaign in 2004
after mocking the Bush administration at a political rally
and using the president's surname as a sexual reference.
Wow.
As moderator Goldberg will be expected to steer the discussion
and keep the show running on time.
I just figured, I'm going to be me, she said,
oh, huh, said.
They know who I am and know what I do.
So nobody will be surprised if I disagree strongly,
but not mainly, I'll never be mean.
It's just not in me, he said.
There's sure to have been a lot of talking about this bridge collapse
in Minneapolis, you know what?
And you want to know why?
It's a smoke screen.
Oh, yeah.
The evil doers blew it up.
I should probably try to find that facts and piece it together.
You still have it?
On me?
No, in there.
You throw a new shrapnel.
I threw it away.
Good.
Dig.
No, don't dig it.
Don't dig it.
7701, we need only 100 and 12, 200 and 29 votes.
They get to 1000.
We sure saw those certificates out past.
Now, why do you think that is?
Because it's good.
Because it's a great place.
And because maybe somebody's listening out there.
And maybe they want me to come back like a week from Tuesday?
Well, I got a lot of time off now
between now and a week from Tuesday, you know that?
I know.
And I'm not going any ways, he's slacker.
I could lose a lot of money it would buy in between now and then.
Thousands.
Thousands of your money.
7702 on here, what do you think?
If we could get to 850 by 1 o'clock.
See, I never give up.
I'm one of those fools.
It's like the thing with the ratings.
Although I think that we give up.
That we're officially surrounded now.
I mean, the winner book was a disaster.
The spring book was, it was okay.
Not good, but it was just...
Menza, menza.
When you say, yeah.
Not great.
No.
5.5.
Better than a 2.6.
Yeah.
Better than a 2.8.
In fact, better than a 2.6 and a 2.8 put together.
Well, buy a little bit.
New documents turned over to congressional investigators Wednesday show that a White House official
equity.
I think what we ought to do if you want to get the younger audience back.
Anyhow.
It's start playing the stuff that we're not supposed to play.
Right.
Do you know what I mean?
Because that was the funny stuff.
Like that.
Yeah.
Right.
Or, I mean, this is by eating meat.
We could do this all day.
This is me.
This is stand by and steam.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can fact, I could just go back to the top of the thing.
What did he say?
And...
What did he say?
What did he say?
What did he say?
You like that?
Don't you bitch.
We could go back to the top.
And that was for Joyce, by the way, that bitch thing.
We hate you, Joyce.
You're a bitch.
Okay, you're a woman.
You're a woman for your filenas.
Of course, Joey, Joe, he doesn't say a word about that.
When you say something that you know that he has no reply to me instead of saying I don't
know what to say to you, he just...
It's just silence.
The sound's a silence.
Like he didn't hear you, like, mmm...
Like he's sitting and smelling his own gas or something like that.
But certainly not paying any attention to what you are saying.
You ever have that feeling that there aren't people who are paying attention?
They're like, what you are saying.
What? What do you say? Like here every day.
774 on a full and public restroom don't have any.
Each or hard-out Kimbo campus.
Stance of palminor covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Hey, Potter's back midnight shows will sell out.
Potter's back it's amazing what people care about.
Well the geeks will dress up and camp out in line and some fans will see it over 20
times.
They'll say there's no equal.
They'll say there's no equal.
Until the ч!
Until!
The ч!
Well I think only this lane.
But the Personen sing Potter's back.
Potter's fry.
Potter's back.
Potter's Execpf.
Potter's Back Selda.
Potter's Back.
Potter's Back .
Potter's Back.
Potter's Backñas.
Potter's Back.
Potter's back somebody okay and look at this wouldn't you know now what is
Broward sports is there actually like a business called that or a place or a
thing well what does that mean I don't know you see the head around his facts
well look at the books we got on a pool 777 you ever flown one of those I
have their grade you haven't flown much of anything once the last time you flew
someplace years seriously years really flew to New York years ago years ago
sure long ago right but married god don't make any money what do you expect
somebody ought to like I think Chris are like chipping and getting a trip to
anyway somebody says today's pool is in sporting events and then then to show
you what a nerd this is whoever sent this is a sporting event pro and
sporting event youth or school I mean are you serious or what huh get out of
here sporting event is good enough we'll put that on there to passify whoever
Broward sports is we'll be the fall with the number of facts number
Broward sports you don't you'll find that unusual a header that says Broward
sports it's got to be a business like is it sporting equipment or something I
presume oh it's missing sporting events we don't want to do that public
restroom by the way Kim but don't have any we don't have one person in this
audience yet who's offended by the behavior they see in public restrooms they don't
walk in there and see a fags dillin and doodlin and screwin and whatever else
the gymnasium is hallucinating on next thing you know they're gonna be screaming
about those heterosexual couples screwing on the beach that's gonna be next
you'll see not I wonder folkamper has a problem with that or maybe he's got
a pair of heavy duty binoculars you think yeah former LA priest arrested
oh here we go I knew we were missing something there after Tuesday well we had
too much of this there are several of these coming or what they're usually
are but the reason Felix the counter whatever you were he sent me the
strangest maybe I can fight it on here again the most bizarre email on my
space you know he's usually sending me news stories and stuff most of which are
you is most of which are fine you know let me just find it one moment please
that girl
one moment please
well I won't be hard to find I'll wait a minute he responded already
sports sports teams what a holes Sean must be stolen today he must be on
a Sunday air huh well I'm curiously his previous message said you is Ron
it said Ray ballpark okay and then it says you is Ron artist Chris you got
an idea what that means no not Ron artist Ron artist and then I wrote back
K with several question marks being the linguist that I am now in pure
Mexican okay and he writes back sports games what a holes I think Sean maybe
is like having some kind of a problem today yeah maybe and anyway here's that
story about the priest was ordinarily I'd get from him but he's not sending
stories today he's just sending like strange one line I'm telling you there's
something going on today did I tell you that at the beginning of the show
you can smell it maybe the government's there
there's something really in the air must be jolly Joe nice job
needle number three you think he really believes he's gonna be there very
long who yes jolly Joe what do you say that what are all his cronies in here
that's true that's that's what insecure people do they bring in all their
buddies so they can like some on what it's all here people with the most of
course let me see it again that's what incompetent insecure people do from the
L.A. Times comes the case of alleged case of actual pedophilia I.E. sex acts
with a pre-pubescent child a former Roman Catholic priest was arrested on
child molestation charges today five years and we already had this story about
George Miller we had this already I hate to break the news yeah I thought we
had something good here I remember this story yeah now I do prosecutors said
the boy was five years old when Miller met him he'd be friend of the victim
his mother became a frequent guest at the family's home eventually taking the
victim on overnight trips you people out there that led your kids go out
overnight trips with priests and scout leaders and stuff like that you people
are crazy you ought to be sued for parental malpractice if you asked me am I
right or what so what's the story Sean I'll at least I'm getting a
we response from Sean here on this which there's not much going on I think
everybody's gone and after having spent four days there I couldn't blame them
did I tell you about the three hot guys in the airport lounge I wasn't in
the lounge I was in the at the gate and I spent enough time there I could have
gotten real close and familiar with them except the one that was married with a
attractive wife yeah well I I do resent that but I didn't resent as much
because he had a very attractive wife if he would have had some kind of a
beastly looking bitch there with him I would have been really peeled about that
but I thought well least the dudes you know he's got good taste and who the
hell wouldn't want to see them doing some little hanky spanky the two of them my
god wow so what's our goal now Chris where were we going oh let's go with 850
784 you don't think we can get to 900 what are you some kind of a you just
give it up oh let's go for a thousand let's go for 50,000 what do you say yeah
let's go we can do it if we don't George has to host tomorrow that's right
and George is gonna be hooking if he's hoping it's the week if we don't do it
I think it's right let's go back to the beginning play all the stuff we can't
play anymore I think it went let's play the stuff we're not sure of double dog
there you I'll start packing up right now like I'm trying to get one I'm trying to
take a one I'm not really oh I know one I do like that yeah yeah no we can play
that one now you sure you know that was an arbitrary see knifle thing a lot
of people like to flex their muscle in unreasonable ways through the years he
was flexing his muscle yeah thank God I never seen that you're lucky no that
wasn't a Steve knifle thing wasn't I'm telling you arbitrary back at that time
are you kidding yes remember he didn't want us to say trumpet or trumpet
purport
just
now
I feel like an absolute out of real.
Oh now what was the other one that Bob Neil got all been out of shape and I got the
Bob Green came in there.
Don't play such and such no more.
What was it?
I'm thinking.
How about one?
One?
I don't know.
I'm thinking it's the same era in that one.
I had it.
Fouls are trough.
That's it.
Very good.
See leave it to me, leave it to the old man being the perfect that I am.
I'm sure can't play this can we?
Can we play?
Yeah we can.
We're digging some of these oldie moldies out of the vault.
Get some of those under a hundred year old audience back.
Spread the word.
So Joyce gets wind of it, we'll play something that might be mildly amusing.
Mildly, not hysterical.
We're really funny stuff we'll never play.
See it's all basically in the same area if you catch my drift.
So there you go there's a little bit of some new and blast from the past and how many years ago was that?
That shows you how we've regressed in America man.
Can't say this, can't play that, can't do this and certainly we can't play.
I mean when you stuff and think of how many times we played this song.
Man, I mean how many thousands of times?
Now if we would have gotten fine the current finds that they reset the 80 trillion dollars every time something they don't like.
We could have paid for a whole war in Iraq and for the future of the history of human race.
Am I right?
Well I was driving down 995 the other night.
Absolutely.
Somebody nearly cut me right off my foot.
Well there's no point like torture you know.
Get ready for the next one.
Are you ballin' in here?
Yeah like a big tease and then we can't play it anyway.
Thanks a lot Joyce you nasty smelly bitch.
So this is a part of a thing of protest.
Any more just to play a little bit of that.
Not too much because we don't want to get Joyce.
I think what we ought to do is rejoice and just kiss the ground and we still got to check.
Based on this crowd that's running this place right now it's a miracle we're still on the freaking air.
Nice going Trinac, Joyce.
So you're doing it baby.
Go for it.
Let me die and ball the Spadler off.
Since fear is needed as one Natasha and I know no go have to look for motion squarer.
Instead we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour.
I had a checkman pay.
When they she blew away to Tio on a weather moon is blue.
The blue is blue.
But with our right wing censorship there are words that mustn't slip.
To truly tell you how I feel for K.
That's K.
For K.
So,
With you CK.
You to one.
And I'll steal the G.
You one or two.
Now if you CK tell her I miss her each day.
And the FCC won't let me sing this song I wrote today.
Now if you CK take her hand gently say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days.
With you CK you to one.
Then I'll see you with Tio.
One or two.
One or two.
But gotta see you with Tio.
One or two.
Okay so if you shop at the pottery barn is that making gay?
Seven every 98 votes on the pool.
I think we got an outside shot at 900 outside.
Yeah we got this.
You know what the idea is?
Let's all go outside.
See ya.
See ya George I'm going out on my balcony.
Alright you can jump.
That would be good.
It's nice and hot.
In fact let me take a look at the temperature right now it's 2-dame hot.
It's hotter and hell.
Not as humid as there though because even hell isn't as humid as so far.
33 can you extrapolate from me what that is?
Can you do your review?
I got my magic on.
Magic 33 on yours.
Yeah 90 fish.
91.
91.
Oh boy.
And humid.
Wooo!
Heavy duty baby.
Well like I said they wanted me to feel at home like I was suffering and swallowing in South Florida.
At which public place or event that you visit are you most disgusted by people's behavior?
Public rest room has got three.
So Bo camper, Kenny Walker and Jim and Aguil have voted.
Out of 798.
Three.
Sultimented trace.
Oh four.
Like I said Kenny voted again.
801 and we're having fun.
New documents turned over to congressional investigators yesterday show that a White House official echoed a message from the office of Senator Pete Domenity to the Justice Department seeking the installation of a new team in New Mexico's U.S. Attorney's office.
Steve Bell chief of staff to Senator Domenity mentioned he had chatted with you today about his request for a nonpartisan team that specializes in corruption to be sent out of New Mexico.
Ron Andrea Becker-Luni.
Then the special assistant of the president of White House office of legislative affairs in December 21st, 2006 email to a top-distance tomorrow in official.
I wonder if Andrea Luni is kind of Cecil Luni or Susan Luni, the hardest driving family.
Domenity is currently under investigation by a Senate nothing's watchdog for preparing to interfere with the public corruption investigation.
The David Eglacee is former U.S. Attorney of Mexico was engaged in last fall speaking of Eglacee is by the way guess who's not looking so good anymore.
On Ricka Hill?
Correct.
I happen to see a video yesterday on much music. They actually show videos on there. Is that shocking?
Okay.
And it was in weekdays latest video and it was number two I think is very popular.
We'll pop it on, but not looking so good no more. But then again who is you know you're starting to like age badly and we can't hate to break the news to you.
Still love you but...
Now if there's a solid congenitor it's gonna have some bad lyrics.
I like to sound fire am I supposed to know who that is?
I don't know.
So it's off.
I thought you were the hipster you don't know from Alexis on fire and that's why I don't know these people.
Well what does that mean?
That means they're commercial trip beneath notice.
Trip?
Trouser trip?
Trip.
Well maybe the world is right for...
Trip.
You have something I would say.
Oh I will say this.
I do like and you had some of it too back in the day when Villa Deli used to deliver that great food.
Sure.
I would say Kiske.
You betcha.
And Kiske is wrapped it's vegetable stuff wrapped in animal intestine.
I know it sounds good.
It's just the casing like on a sausage you know right?
Right.
You don't eat the casing.
Correct.
Any more than you eat the...
I swear it's true.
You know this?
Yeah yeah that's good.
It's the way up out the distance I'm right there.
If you can lonely give this song another listen close your eyes.
Play this the other day.
Played it?
Played like tea.
Played it all over on the air.
I'm here.
I'm here.
Played a little bit of it.
I've had a party based on it.
Who is that?
He sure is ugly how it's even though.
That's plain white teas is the group.
I don't know the dudes say.
What's the name of the group?
plain white teas.
Kiske is white turned me on.
What's it?
Kiske is white turned you on.
Yes.
Played white teas.
She looks good in the...
I'm just believing in girls.
Someday I'll pay the bills with this guitar.
We'll have it good.
Well...
I think that's what we're going to do is start playing much music videos.
The audio.
Well we can't do the videos.
Well we could do the videos.
Look in your speaker and just pretend.
If you've seen it...
And of course where the hell would you see it?
Because MTV they don't show videos anymore.
Maybe you're all like once every six years.
Am I right?
Right.
That's why it's almost impossible.
Unless you find a good music station which you won't find when it's out Florida.
It's like really...
I don't know.
I mean like where would you see somebody told you about this?
Somebody turned you out of this group.
But where would you have heard them?
When you heard them like on other people.
People search, people find out on the radio.
On big this time.
Not on this time.
The only thing that in this tone.
She's pretty ugly.
87 votes on our pool.
Our goal is 900 today.
That would be miraculous.
Un Maraclé.
We need 93 and 54 minutes.
Now that's not even two.
In fact, what am I doing?
I can go right on here.
We need 1.8 a minute.
According to Ericsson's scrap operations.
And we can get to 900.
Despite what Chris was talking about, 850.
Boy, see you...
You're a man of his life.
You need to talk to a Mickey Dane.
Who?
You need to find a happy medium.
Oh, that's right.
Is she still alive?
Is she still alive, George?
Who?
The happy medium?
I don't know.
Mickey Dane.
Don't remember Mickey Dane?
Of course I remember her.
I don't know if she's alive or dead or dead or dead.
If she is.
What do you mean don't care that much?
I don't care if she's alive or dead or dead.
The happy game is what I say.
If the a panther she's nothing to me.
She's a psychic that means she's a faker.
Who's with the bee?
What's in your hair?
Who's with the bee?
Those are her two favorite lines.
Yeah, cold reading.
It's a scam.
Who's with the bee?
Maybe there's a bee in your body.
And let's hop on it.
Senator Sororay Clinton.
I see a lot of the Clinton people probably aren't too happy with me.
Because she makes me sick to my stomach.
And I'm not going to pretend I like her.
I mean, obviously if she gets an nomination I'll vote for.
But I don't like her.
She's as cold as a mackerel.
She's as slippery as an eel.
She's as phony as a $26 bill.
Other than that she's great.
The only thing that she's got going for her, let me say it again.
The only thing is that her husband's bill Clinton.
Am I right about that or what?
That's it?
Yes.
I would say that I'm.
Absolutely correct.
But then to get what I know.
And she's got a huge lead.
They had a new poll on last night.
Nationwide poll.
She's got like 44% and Barack Obama's got 23%.
That's enough to make me really sick to my stomach.
And also make me realize that America continues being a incredibly racial racist country.
Although there's still a lot of people that don't know who he is yet.
Once they find out who he is and that he's black, then it'll be like 83 to 10.
Unfortunately.
I'm hoping for the best.
Just like I'm hoping for the best for QAM.
Against all odds.
For example, this afternoon until we got Joe Zagaki and Danny Canal.
Now, is Danny Canal doing broadcasting work these days or is we just find him somewhere on the street corner?
We probably found him, but apparently he's probably a part of our pregame show.
Danny Canal.
Well, what's his connection to the dolphins?
His father is Dr. Dan Canal.
That does a lot of the surgeries, maybe.
Well, that is his father.
And that's the only connection to the dolphins I know.
That's his connection to the dolphins?
Yeah, that is dad's a big time job.
That is the team's surgery or something like that?
The doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Fiedler's thumb.
Didn't he need a same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay?
It might have been.
I'm telling you right now, I got the answer for you.
Baby, if you want to goose those numbers back up, get the young crowd back on his station right here.
That's it.
No one will listen to me. That's why I said it.
If I thought they'd listen to me, I never would have said it.
Swallow, we Clinton accused Vice President Dick Cheney of misrepresenting her and spreading inaccuracies during a televised interview he gave to his tonight.
Swallow, he was responding to Cheney's decision to publicly side with his former aide,
who satted fears of reinforcing enemy propaganda and rejecting Clinton's request for a briefing on triple-draw contingency plans.
Even the picture of her here on this story on raw story, it's pretty raw.
I look at her and I think, oh my god, the ice princess is an understatement.
In fact, it's an insult to realize princesses from coast to coast, from pillar to post.
I believe it's not only important, but imperative that Congress actually oversee the administrations of Act Policy Clinton wrote yesterday and let it to the Vice President copy to raw story.
That's why I feel it's necessary to respond to several comments and inaccuracies you put forward in your most recent interview with CNN.
She also impugn, Cheney also impugn, can I say it again, impugn, Clinton's position when the accused are trying to reveal operational military plans and requesting information about triple-draw planning, she said.
Your contention that asked to reveal operational plans is a misrepresentation swallery wrote.
In fact, as a result of my inquiry, the Pentagon will be prefingly Senate Armed Services committed tomorrow on this topic, meaning today without fear that operational security will be impiraled.
In an interview with CNN's Larry King, Cheney endorsed the implications of a letter to Clinton from Defense Undersecretary Eric Edelman, Cheney said contingency plans might be shared with Congress when they're ready to be executed, but your main unseen by lawmakers until then.
And speaking of executed, all these subhating right-wing Jews like Edelman and all these other one make me sick to my stomach, like Richard Puril and a whole bunch of them.
Jews with a death and Jewelieberman now, by the way, says he might become a Republican. How do you like that? If the Democrats don't ease off on their opposition door, he might just turn tail and become a yellow surprise.
Yeah, turn tail, my ass. Talk about somebody who's had the to fill and wrap way too tight.
We always have got a lot of contingency where we're going to start shedding those to respond to political charges, such as those Senator Clinton made.
But I think that would be on why, as Cheney said. The Defense Secretary Robert Gates and a follow-up letter Clinton backed off Edelman's assertion that briefing Congress on withdrawal plans would be on why.
Your comments agreeing with Undersecretary Edelman, not Secretary Gates, have left me wondering about the true position of the administration Clinton wrote, adding that she would ask President Bush to set the record straight about the administration's position regarding the role of Congress and oversight of the war, oversight my ass.
But it means for the boof of the bomb. She leaves me limp. Oh, you can't say that we all love Hillary. You and that Barack Obama. Yeah, what do we just say?
Obama Obama.
810. We need 1.9 votes. We're not doing too well, Chris. We're going to stop right now. Huh? We'll do it. We're not. We'll take 10. We need 80 in 48 minutes. I don't know.
She hears that alarm. She's by her shoe. You know she's rubbing anyway. Just getting wasted a different way.
Exiting. Let's oxy. Content. Pot. And come.
We have a great. We have a great. We don't drink anymore. She'll be back in rehab.
Now who was it that he didn't overliving like poison was the
increase it was like Josh Corriske or the twist his
Josh Cortes. He's got, I know. I was gonna say he's got bad taste at times, but then again since you dated his Russian girlfriend, you probably said, oh no.
Yeah, not at that time. She has excellent taste.
Why'd you taste him?
824 votes. We need, let's see, what's Eric on the thing there? 1.9, 1.8. Well the ratio has come down low, but that's a good sign.
824 means we need 76 votes in 42 minutes. How big a pardon? 825.
All right. Hey, we'll take a big, big program.
How could anybody not love opera? I think it's the anti-canadian thing. I'm sure. Let's be. It's gotta be bad.
Detroit automakers lost control of the US market in July, falling below 50% for the first time ever, as they attempted to ride out a lack-lust or month without
restoring to their usual habit, offering hefty incentives. Well, too bad. I have two American-made cars, two Corvettes, built in Ohio.
Aren't you proud of me? In bowling green. Sure.
4. Automakers seized the opportunity to pile on rebates with Toyota offering record incentives in July according to Consumer Website Edmonds.com.
It even that couldn't salvage the month. Overall auto sales were down 12.3% compared with the year ago, with every major automaker except Nissan, BMW and Kia posting declines.
Months have higher than average gas prices, coupled with continued weakness in the housing market, or to blame for the soft sales industry experts say.
The two-fold headwinds of gas prices, and thank you again, Mr. President, for those low gas prices. You bastard, you butcher, you murderer, you lunatic.
Our certainly having an impact on the auto industry said Paul Ballou, executive director of market industry analysis for GM. GM sales were down 22% from last Tulio.
Ace of lead to Toyota Automakers seems to be taking a different path of incentives. GM is looking at specific incentives on targeted products such as large pickups, which are competing with nearly seven grand in rebates on Toyota's new Tungra truck.
Do you get that new truck yet or whatever you're buying that new Tacoma? No, Tacoma. It's going to be a Tacoma type.
You're going to Tacoma? Well, good luck to you. We're not going to seed market share in the competition, Ballou said.
Christlox has been weighed down with high inventory for months. It is offering zero percent financing for 60 months combined with lifetime powertrain warranty on many models.
Ford, on the other hand, is attempting to stay true to its plan and cut back rebates.
George Pipus, PIPAS, PIPAS, how would you say that? PIPAS?
PIPAS.
Number of Mr. Pipers, that was Wally Cox, that was Marlon Brando's boyfriend. First, George Pipas manager and of course, if you ever saw Wally Cox and you think you said,
well, maybe Marlon didn't have good eyesight. Maybe Wally had something we didn't know. Didn't meet the eye.
Cute. Maybe Marlon was obsessed with Wally's.
Hey, are you going to say it?
George Pipas manager of sales and industry analysis said, Ford is concerned with the current market weakness Wally. Well, maybe he had more than one.
But sometimes he just had to take him out. He didn't get out with it. He said, you know what I'm saying?
Ford hoped that backing up incentives would help its vehicles over their values. That is happening, he said, which is more reason not to go back to the days of big deals.
Big deals. Like big deals with the Marlins, for example, or with the Panthers. Those kind of big deals where you lose your ass.
Jesse Toprack, director of pricing and market analysis for everyone, says auto deals are not creating the same surge of traffic that they have in the past.
If the vehicle is able to sell itself, that's the best case scenario Toprack said.
If you try to sell the deal, you can only do that for a small amount of time before consumers learn there's no rush to come out and buy.
Still with the weakness in the overall industry last month, auto makers could resort to some creative and aggressive marketing employees.
He said, we might see some unusual and romantic incentive programs. He'd be saying.
Let me say it again. I have two corvettes, two dead dogs, a partridge and a pear tree.
What if the guy with the eyes is still upset? Well, how did your parents go, by the way?
You never told me about how your parents went. Which one, the one at the Verizon? Yeah, it was fine. People showed up.
Nice people. You never told me who showed up? Nobody. This guy named Troy. Nobody other than I knew.
Yeah, that was guy brought me a porn. Guy named Troy. Yeah. And then this other guy brought me a porn. Yeah, people were there. Right, you a porn what video? A DVD. A DVD. Sure. And stuck in your DVDs. No, stuck at my hand.
Oh, all about gut. How about the DVD? That's a 129 votes on a pool. I don't know. It's looking pretty shaky. No work. We need two of minutes. Not going to happen.
That's because Chris over here said is a goal way too high. Did I take this minutes ago? Set the bar low, baby. Send it away.
Yeah, that's what a way of doing it. Congratulations on me. Number three. Neil.
Here's a fact that says history of swore I thought said history. There's something maybe we're maybe we're all like breeding poison gas today.
Okay, because Felix the cat Sean who's ordinarily a just loaded with good stories of information. He's he's stolen today. He's out of his mind. Well, good.
He made some comment about the bridge story of Minnesota. And he said maybe maybe what's your name with Catherine Harris was on it.
Hillary will not only be the democratic nominee. She'll be the next president. It says here well excuse us.
The Clinton's are as relentless and have a similar stop at nothing to win attitude is the current punch. Of course, she'll be better than any of the Republican candidates, but only by a little.
It says if you haven't read a sold on reason, I strongly recommend it. In fact, although it appears.
Girl will not run. That's my only caveat to the Hillary scenario. If girl runs, he will he will in the right can.
He see this and make a sense. I think what they mean to say is he'll win with the right campaign.
Andrew all this is my opinion about a sure I'm correct says P. Well P on you or P you as a case maybe.
So in other words, he might he might not be a auditorium. I don't know. He's big and he's fat. He's still got the same wooden personality. You know, people don't like that.
You know, I mean, although he did win in 2000. I don't think I don't think when you win once they've a chance to come back eight years later when again.
I don't know. Although work for Nixon between 60 and 60 a work for tricky dick. 831 on the pool. We need 69 votes in 36 minutes.
Because 12 minutes almost see your your math is wrong. Eric your computer thing on here is wrong.
Since we need to a minute we need 69 and 36 minutes. 12 minutes would be 72. So you're a little I mean granted we're splitting hairs there.
But you know, you ever split hairs? Just as well as split ends. I just shaved my head again. The day boy feels really good especially when it's 145 degrees.
The human X stuff like that. So what do you think? Al Gore if we had a two is between Al Gore and swillery a Barack Obama like I don't know dropped out or something and we headed that was the choice.
What would we do? I kill ourselves. How's Canada? Love it. Love it baby. 831 and that thing isn't moving at all. I think you're I think we're doomed today. I knew that from the beginning.
From right this morning when I sat down here and I had no replies to my emails from last night to my close personal buddy.
And then when I although we did do the thing fast on the certificates. That's because you raved about the great food so much. Good job. Thank you.
And then when I saw that Sean the Felix the cat guy on my my space when he was like a stone off his ass. I mean just like a crazy person.
Erick says he rounds up the numbers unless you want to multiple dust. I said we need 2.1 and I think he's got a point because now it's still a 31 on there. They're not coming through for us at all today.
They probably figure well we came through free on a certificate so we actually spent our hard earned money and now you want us to vote on another one of Charlie B's crafty polls. Well screw you Faggot.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I got a magazine.
I say we just play Overeal of E until midnight. I mean we got Joe Zagaki coming up with Danny Canela to a clock.
Danny can out. Try to remember what he looked like. I remember you know the quarterback. I remember he was a born of you.
I'm Christian. You know who I'm thinking of Chris. You know the FHC quarterback. White. How long ago? Oh maybe eight, 10 years. Casey Weldon. Casey went excellent job. All right.
He was a born again Christian. He was as hot as a firecracker man. That kid looked so good. He could just oh man just lick his armpits. Casey Weldon. He was a born again Christian though. That's bad.
You know who else was a born again Christian? Kirk Cameron. That's right. Was that awful show he was on?
Eight is enough. No not. I don't know. What was it? I don't know. One of those awful shows. One of those terrible sitcoms. He's got a rough tip here.
Well he was pretty hot too and then of course that born again Christian stuff and you know damn well that all these celebrities they're screwing their brains out. Do you know it? Right? Yeah.
And they're giving to this whole year the growing pains. Yeah. Growing pains. Growing pains. Growing pains. Yeah. Growing pains. I had growing pains. Look at him. Yeah. The Chipotle Cameron. Hey Kirk.
Ever pull your growing all the time. Casey Weldon was really I would like to pull his growing. I can't say that I guess. See now you got me. Now you're starting to play with fire a little bit.
Once you start playing with Joyce you're playing with fire. You know who was sister's married to right? Who Kirk Cameron? Yeah. I never know. He had a sister. Yeah. Candice Cameron. Yeah. She's the married to a Valerie Burray.
She's asking me. Who cares about Valerie Burray? Okay. I don't care about him but she's talking. First of all any guy named Valerie. I mean how can you take him seriously?
Pawel Burray we took seriously although I'm not really too sure about him. Yeah but Valerie. And this is what he says I really assume. Problem with Pawel Burray is he was a little bit too pretty. You know I always wonder about guys are a little bit too pretty. He was pretty guy.
Pretty great too and nobody even mentioned him in that poll the other day. What a bogus pull that was. Where was that in the herald of this comes in on one of the heralds? Oh well that figures. They suck you people of the herald man.
A while long for the days when Bill cost was alive. When that's something you couldn't remember his name the other day. I couldn't either for a while but I beach on it just like whatever that one was today that I couldn't think of. What is inventus? What are you out of the crowds?
Tries a trout. I'm actually a little bit of that trouser trout. Well we can tell you a little bit before she starts singing before she says no words before she says trouser trout before she says trouser and trout separately.
No time together when being big trouble with Joyce without self hating bitch over there in Naples with more radio few jam 6000 Westing houses up her ass. That's what she's doing.
I was. But I was tight women. I'll stay right. Okay. It's enough of that. We don't want to start with that. Don't play trouser trout. I remember Bob Green who didn't have the guts to come to me and you know have it like an intelligent adult conversation and say oh well.
It all happened in land there getting nervous about that bit and they think we're going to get fine for the audio. Remember that he didn't have the guts to do that. So we come up. Don't play trouser trout. Yeah. He would just shout it out. Like he was getting rid of a stain. Shout it out.
You know that tied stick. Can you imagine? I'm trying to. It's a football. No, it's a it's a Marines thing in the Marine Army. And the drill sergeant is there and he's inspecting and all of a sudden like the guys got a stain on his shirt and like he he has a he has a thing of that tied.
Shmere you're shmere on the stain and you shout it out or you tied it out or what do you do. Looks very gay. I mean what kind of a soldier is running around with that. You know.
Oh, we're not going to make a Chris. I got bad news for you. 850. The audience just when we thought they were going to come through it. There's something going on today. Although we just had a Chuck. They're 855. We need 45 votes in 20.
We need two. We need two. Come on people. We can do it. Come on people. Let's gather around stone ponies. Wasn't that it? No. Was it? What? Gather some that we keep thinking about because we're old and see now. We can't ever think of the name of the song. Come on people. Let's get together. Slide the family. Oh, slime in the Stanley. People now. Your brother. Everybody come together. No, don't you love one another right now. Right. Bye.
The stone ponies. No, that was Linda Ronsett. And Linda Ronsett. Love Linda Ronsett. Well, she's one of the most underrated people in our in our life. I agree. Love Linda Ronsett. She looks great. She's a great singer. She made great music. She's a nice person. She never stole a freight train. She didn't run away with Charlie Manson. What's not to like about Linda Ronsett? Love it honey.
If you or your kids are going to go to college or graduate school, call 1-800-Matfres. Make them most of those tuition bills by getting good night's sleep or maximum performance in the classroom. Call 1-800-Matfres and get a comfortable new mattress. The very same day you call. It's just $99 per piece. Plus 12 months financing. No interest, no payments. They have the best service and the best brands too. Waiting for you like Simmons and Seely. Sort of spring air, stirons and fostering temper ptic-toe. You got 100% I beg your pardon. Yeah, blood. Young blood. Thank you. Remember that. What's the name of the song?
Oh, get together. Get together. My dear, I'm glad you're right.
She said on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rubbles and laces and white fluffy dung. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spend.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling repuse and litter from yesterday's hunt, while the girl in the meadow was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock.
It looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front. If he asked her for likely she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to fits.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck on his candy.
So tasty made a butter skies and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go and go and do the old grab your ankles. 146, 14 gold, two. Now what do we got today? We got Joseph Gackie and Danny Cannell.
See, I can't remember who Danny Cannell, I remember the name. You know what I mean, Chris?
Yeah. 800. I can't picture him as well. I'm trying to say I can't envision him.
And of course, when did he play for her if it was you like about 20 years ago? About 10 to 12 years ago, maybe a little bit longer.
Oh, she's old and ugly now anyway. No matter what he looks like back then. Sorry, Danny, ugly. And then he can whom I'd say. And then of course if he's working with Joseph Gackie, like I said, Danny looks pretty good.
Anybody who's working with Joe looks pretty good by comparison. Now what do we used to call? I used to call Joe old f**king this face, but I can't say that on the air. I could. That would be bad, wouldn't it? That would be something. It would be accurate.
864 votes on the pool. We need 36 and 13 minutes. Oh no. I can't believe that you people have let us down today. I mean not that 900 is some magical figure, is it?
Robert Creeper was hoping we get to. Yeah, not 900 is nine votes because he hates me and the show like for probably hits you two George. He just won't say it.
I know, but we have a mutual arrangement based on what? What would you keep telling me that about? Video piracy.
I am so bitterly disappointed in you man. In fact, you know, I'm going to have to go out and now that I got all these days off from now to the week from Tuesday, I'm going to have to go to woodbine and lose all our money.
In that case, if you don't go crazy with the wrong people. And the good news is you'll be very pleased to know that I'm finally getting responses to my emails.
The show is almost over. I'm almost out of here because I have to go pick up the same birthday party invitations as the ones that I was like getting printed yesterday.
I have a lot of important stuff to do now that I have a child. And like you told me you're familiar with all this crap.
Absolutely. Now I come in. You have my deepest and most sincere sympathies. At least you don't have to clean up messes.
Not yet. Just my own. Right.
868 votes. Here's the pool. I wish public place or event that you visit. Are you most disgusted by the other people's behavior?
The road, 374 and if you drive South Florida, disgusted would be the understanding of the century. Nauseated and revolted.
Do you have heard the money bitch and move on that broad of the tool? Oh, it's just. I mean, when people drive on the turnpike or any other tool road, don't they know that when they get to the tool booth, they're going to have to pay something.
A little something. You know, it seems like they are taken by surprise every time.
Oh, gee, now is a good time for me to come to that stop here and start dealing around and see if I can find a little bit of change.
If I can feel the change, you know, see for me, it's the people that go through the sun pass lane at 10 miles an hour.
Yeah, idiots fly to their Florida baby. Well, maybe that's as fast as they can go in their puddles, up.
The road 374, movie theater 132, especially the people that talk out loud or the ones that get up and, you know, shuffle, they got to go off and get their popcorn and crap.
Like right at the most dramatic moment of the movie and they're like shuffling or front of you.
Restaurant 72, bar or nightclub 60, store 40, store, very generic, that's good. Generic nothing wrong with generic.
As opposed to like putting 7-11 or like you float them or stuff like that.
Place of worship 32, well what the hell are you people doing in a place like that? Only crazy people are going to be there.
Place of worship my ass.
Our Kelly goes on tross in 10th or 17th more than five years after being charged with kiddie porn. Well, he's been busy.
He's been doing research. Place of worship 32, concert 32 and airport 32.
The way people act especially, see I make it sound like I hate little kids. I don't hate them. I just, I don't have any use for them.
I just don't want to be around them. Right? Righty, noisy little kids, especially on, I don't mind if they're well behaved, you know, like civilized people.
But when they're totally out of control because their parents are idiots, then I get really pissed off.
And of course you get pissed off of the kids and you shouldn't be pissed off of them. You should go over and bitch slap the mother or the father or the boy.
Depending on how small and weak they are.
Airport 32, family reunion 16, I guess I'm not going to be having one of those.
Why am I laughing about that? I'm not having it. It's funny.
It's funny to me. It tickled my funny bone. At the beach 16, especially people who don't belong at the beach, that behavior.
I saw plenty of those last Saturday boy over there for lunch.
That I mentioned on the year about how I went to El Melino. That place is great. Yes, he did. Have you ever been there? No.
It's not expensive. Is it free? It's not for free, but I think it's expensive. Oh, Chris could take you there. Sure. Yeah.
Yeah, El Melino. It's right by the right by where A1A turns there. You know where it meets US one. You know where it is.
It's great. Beach 16, public restroom 15. Oh, oh.
And I'm sure most of those people aren't necessarily referring to what Jim Nautilus is talking about.
They're talking about people whose behavior in other words they leave the seat, they pee on the seat or they do even worse.
They leave a mess behind.
See with me like like a woodbind for example, they have the self-flushing toy. Let's like any civilized place does now.
And what I'll do is I'll kind of when I'm finished with my business, I'll waddle off toward the door, you know, before I open the door and make sure that the thing flushes.
You know what I mean? Yeah. It's just being considerate. You don't want to do a red bee health or a leave a pile of them to the next building. It's gold to see. Oh, God.
Public restroom 15. Funeral home 10. Casino or gaming center 10. Sporting event 9. Wedding 9. Bank 9.
Park 3 and Dr. Dental Office only 2 out of 800 and 83 vote. You know, we got a shot. We got 8 minutes. We need 17 votes.
As Jimmy Johnson might say, we got a shot. Of course, even the hemorrhage of a shot. How did the Johnson era go? How did the one set era go? How did this?
How did the saving era go? Wow. Who's that? Are you forgot about him? I know a Satan. I don't know what's saving the satan area. And now you got the cam camera. He sounds like a chemical hero. The name cam camera. It is. If he saves the team, it's all good.
We got 8 minutes. We need 15 votes. So we can get to 900. Chris is going to like pee on the floor. Roger's got it.
I wonder what daddy said. If he knew I got 69 emails today. But my name, my name is my face. I'm supposed to be on my face. My face. My face.
I got a prison. Oh, in 1982. I was caught at the playground with a kid or two. Now I use the net. Email them today.
And tomorrow I'm wet because her name her age. Her face is posted on my face. My face. Hey, baby. You know, you're really mature for your age. How about we meet person? Get up and sit down.
I brought you there. Well, now they don't tell your mom. I tell you what they love. Well, you know that.
And they will let me ask them all. Oh, near the video shop. Well, just don't tell your folks.
And they don't tell the cops.
He said I'm one in a man. Oh, he said I'm one in a man. Oh, he said I'm pregnant.
He didn't know I wore a braces. Bye, bye, bye.
