New person this program
New radio is coming up next
Oh yeah
I just thought I was mentioning it
His name's the
They killed some new Roger Show is coming up next
I'm talking about sports so I can't be any good but it's coming up next
Hey, where football always matters
Radio 560 WQ AM
I AM A
For the latter days
Stay tuned for the new Roger Show is coming up next folks
It's for the feet, it's for the feet
That's what I got me from Pete's as can say, Cleats
It's Friday, you bastard
This sucks, being here sucks, this works sucks
We're swearing while we work
Hope that at T is making me enjoy my new workplace
So F you and F you
Just say it's strong for letters long and say it to my face
You won't put that in the room
We all will just assume
When something hits the pan that you don't give a damn and call it for the fool
What the hell is this crap?
Ah crap
You'll push, Billy
Exactly
Well what is that at the end of that thing?
What is that?
It's under like bowing or something
Yeah, but what was it?
Marshall bit
Yeah, about marshmallow bit
Blue dame
Oh well whatever, what?
The 10-1 at 560 WQ AM
Happy Friday to you, oh baby
Thank God, isn't sure what's understatement there it is
Well there's nice, can't what to get out of here
Can we go now?
Okay, see ya
Alright, wait to do this survey that the nation is taking
Our grand in, the nation is a liberal publication
But
Let's see, how many votes have they got on here?
About 308, 914, 33 by 4,000 votes
If the Democratic presidential primary were held today in your state, who'd get your vote?
You'll be amazed at this result. This is in the nation which graded as a liberal publication but nevertheless
In alphabetical order, Joe Biden 177 votes, 4%
Hillary Clinton, 155, 3%
John Edwards 502, 12%, Chris Dodd 51%, Microwell 46, 1%, Little Dennis Gassinage 502, 12%, Barack Obama 19, ever 91, 48%
And Bill Richardson 667, 16%
Did you follow those?
So Bill Richardson?
What? He's got the biggest percentage?
Barack Obama 48%
Oh sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry I missed that, I must have believed it
Richardson 16%, Cassinogen was each 12% and Biden 4, swallery 3%, yeah
Readers of the nation baby, Democrats, liberals, progressives, living and greeting people in the intellect larger than their thumbnail
Hey, her, they hate her like poison, not just hate, like poison, like arsenic and olatial, without the olatial, wow swallery
Well, what can I tell you?
This story is just nauseating but yeah, with the value of human life is so minimal anyway and the world so what turns into me?
We got 7 billion people, what's one?
A 14 year old boy died in New Delhi, India allegedly as a result of having been slapped by a teacher, do you see this story?
No, oh, no!
Bloom prevails that the residents of Sakyaprakash, who was a kind of death, no one would have imagined, reported IBM live, India's English language, news channel
My son's fault is that he was scribbling in his notebook and writing over his teacher's signature, Ajay Prakash, his father told the Hindu Stan Times he further told IBM his spine snapped because of the blow and he was paralyzed
And now he's dead
However, there also are accounts the boy was caught trying to forge a teacher's signature, well in that case he deserved to die
The education department is refused to come in on the circumcises
Ajay Prakash died on the operating table, two weeks after the incident his family claims he could have survived if the school had acted in time
While the family is still trying to come to terms without really having to please have registered a case of attempted to a comfortable homicide against the teacher
Obviously, a comfortable homicide is roughly equivalent to manslaughter in the USA
We're awaiting the post mortem based on that the investigation will be furthered so they represent it in New Delhi
New Delhi, whatever, yeah, New Delhi, maybe they got some good pastrami
We'll slice real thin, lean and thin
Well, at any rate so that's the story from New Delhi, is any interest? Any girl care about some dead kid because you either scribbled or I won't do that again
You will not be doing that no more, that's for sure
I'll tell you somebody else won't be doing anything no more
Florencio Ruben Batista, the oldest son of one of Cuba's most controversial yet influential presidents died Wednesday
Oh no
At his cruel gable, some of complications from leukemia and lymphoma, he was a mere 73
His father, whose name he carried, full Hensio Batista, he was Cuba's last lady before Castro
was dramatically overthrown by Castro's revolution during New Year's Eve festivities in 1958 and Fredo, a Fredo come with us, it's the only way off the aisle in Fredo
Batista had a democratically elected for a first term but in 1952 suspended the Constitution and canceled elections
As the son of a president, Batista who was 24 when his father and family left Cuba on the late night flight bound for Spain on New Year's Day 59 had a front row seat to a time to change the course of Cuban history
He survived by his wife of 50 years, Carmen Batista, his daughter is Maria Aleda, Mary Bell, Maria Bell
Wow, I wonder if that's the Marabelle that we know who used to be here
I can find the damn thing
I've got my own carols
Maria Bell, Carmen Murphy, and Maria Teresa Warland, grandchildren with a whole bunch of names here
And the Florida Supreme Court just did Raul Cantero
Wow, that's his nephew
What was it?
Always bothers me when people talk about dead people in the present tense
Oh, he's a great this, he's dead
Here's the poll result from yesterday
And this again was one of the worst polls ever on this show and Charlie be ought to be horsewhip for this
I mean, yeah, he's done a lot of good stuff for us but Charlie we're not too happy with this poll and I shouldn't have used it
If we're not for my own personal psychosis in the distress this week, this is the week of my birthday so naturally I'd have a lot of grief and serice
It's just the way it is
A lot of times people buy on their birthday like my mother
I never used to believe that crap about people buying on their birthday but look at that
Sure, I mean it's got to happen just a lot of averages
Well, it's not a lot of averages, what are you talking about?
I'm really getting 65 days in the year and the averages you're going to die in your birthday?
No, not the average but just think about it
You think about it
Alright, see ya
Well at least I'm sacred of the 360 days then or something that they're about
If I'm going to croak on my birthday, wasn't this here anyway?
Although quite frankly, it could have
If a child of mine never called the cops on me, I blanked that was yesterday's poll
We had a thousand and thirty-sixth, oh there's OJ with the shades on, OJ
He is so cool, OJ, can I have your autograph?
So I can stick that pen deep inside your...
RECOM ASS
If a child of mine never called the cops on me, I probably gave him good reason
2-3-07, would be the Schmidt out of him 243
Would lay a guilt trip on him to last a lifetime, 125
I don't have kids and don't want them, 106
Wouldn't love him any less, 59
Would kick him out of the house, 53
Would disown him, 52
Would write him out of my will, 38
Would kill the bastard, the best out of go, 32
And would never speak to him again, 21
That's Charlie B's poll, very lame, very limp
Oh and speaking of lame and limp, I noticed that Stu Gotts is still got his Indian
From like three or four weeks ago, he still can't sell his stuff from his fitting-fitting club
Now let me say it again, can you say
PA, you know what that stands for PA, not public address system, Phantom audience
Oh, I didn't know
That's because I invented it
PA, Phantom audience
Here's today's poll, and this was from Sean and Hollywood
Who are the worst slabs?
Public housing dwellers 139
Smokers 124, that's what I voted
No, I didn't vote for, I vote for a beard rinkers
Smokers 124, trailer park dwellers 111, trailer park trash, we should have said this is dwellers
111, they're the seller dwellers
The homeless 92, teenagers 83, sports spectators 46, beard rinkers 27, should be more than that
Well there's OJA, I would look at very abored there, yeah, I'd take a sying in the courtroom
Scroo, you lunatic, you maniac, you butcher
Ever see him together with Joe Bell, same person
Don't look the same
Well, this is the sky, a little bit of a height difference
A little bit of a height difference
A beard rinkers 28, Florida key residents 26, voters 9, and auto repairmen 8
What is that auto repairman?
I mean while they're working they're greasy and like all greased up, you know
Probably so with Kathy Willetz, but that's the side of point
Hey don't forget George has got a big night tomorrow night, or at least we hope it is
We hope that all of his fans, his personal close friends out there in El Radio Lane
Come by and say hi little George
Okay
Join George tomorrow night from 9 to 11 at the Tequila Ranch located at the Seminole Hard Rock
For the Corona Light Elomination Fuzball Finals
What?
Get there at 7 p.m. for a last chance qualification tournament to make the $1,000 finals
From 9 to 11 p.m. enjoy $5 buckets of Corona Life and great food specials too
Plus try your luck with the QM prize wheel spin that wheel for a chance to win Panther tickets
Anybody want to go to a Panther game?
No
Place to be the Saturday night is Tequila Ranch with WQM and little George
The biggest name
The best talent in his neural projects
24 kg of 560 kg am
Think sports leader
That's why Friday you bastard
Fleece for the Feehee, heehee, hee Hey it's
Feehee, it's for the Feehee, that's what I got for me some keeps
As can say Leeds
No! Don't pay me, mo!
Breaking Sport Hold You is, yeah.
We interrupt this program, you wonder here,
for something that only a few sick offense
for holes in management are interested in.
Pelton Coach, Cam, Cam, Cam, Cam, Cam, Cam,
and John, John, Cam, Cam, Cam, Cam, and Swazie.
Is holding a press conference now with progress?
Well, just have to work harder and give it a hundred percent.
I'll take questions.
I've got a question.
You know your strength.
Why do you always answer the same way?
What you do not want?
I didn't like that question.
How?
I'll rephrase it.
Hey, what are you doing here?
I'm with Cam State's Academy now, you moron.
I go ahead and ask you a question.
Okay, why are all Sport Holds summoned and dogdo?
Wow, that's quite small.
I didn't like that question either.
Wow, what's that book you're holding?
Wow!
Let me see that.
Sport Hold Guide, the fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine.
I'll see you in a little while.
I put it on his face.
Today there are Kurdish men who are ק doncми spittet unquote.
I can't 我是一金頭錢啊, Buchna les observ abstraction.
Cats are nightmares.
I'm going to say a lot of things about him, but one thing I will say is that when he was here on this station, he acknowledged our existence.
Maybe that I never got to do it.
He was the pipe smoker and the pagodora and all the stuff.
At least he acknowledged the fact that we were here.
Right.
And that there was a show on the year between 10 and 2.
A lot of people listening.
And he acknowledged that.
Other than that the last 10 years, we've been like on a virtual island.
Not just on the island.
Way out in the ocean.
Right.
That's right.
Look at a tiny island like a dot out in the middle of the ocean.
The ocean is surrounded by all the way to the horizon everywhere.
You can see.
Just keep looking.
You've got your binoculars out.
You keep the eminoth into the distance and nothing.
Not even like a fart.
By the way, do you care to have the rest report for Mickey Wart drunk driving on a scooter
and being a whole?
No.
Okay.
Well, they said it's white.
Is that a surprise?
No, of course not.
Is anybody that Mickey Wart is an A-hole?
By the way, Mickey Wart is the stupidest mustache beard arrangement I've ever seen in my life.
Why me arrest him for saying Mickey's s**t my s**t?
Yeah, right.
Oh no.
Good bleeps in there, though.
Thank God.
694 on a full Christmas thinking of thousands.
It's Friday.
It's pretty grim.
Yeah, I agree.
And of course, it's a holiday weekend.
So a lot of people have bailed out because Monday's a holiday.
Is it a real holiday?
No, but a lot of people.
For many people it is.
What is it?
Veterans Day.
Oh.
Can you take it off?
Well, then all depends on the current events.
You know what I mean?
I'll be ready to get ready to get ready to get ready to get prepared every morning for
a phone call.
Say I am.
Oh gee, you're on the day I'm going to kill myself.
This is a good reason they divided Senate and narrowly confirmed former federal judge
Michael McKasey last night as the 81st Attorney General giving the nominee the lowest level
of congressional support of any justice department leader in the past half century.
But you know something is like a horse race, whether you win by a nose or 45 lengths, it
still pays off.
You know what I mean?
It's still bad.
What do you mean in this case?
The 53 to 40 vote came after more than four hours of impassioned floor debate and it
reflected an effort by Democrats to register the displeasure with Bush administration policies
on torture and the boundaries of presidential power.
The final talent gave McKasey the lowest number of yes votes for any attorney general since
1952.
Just weeks after lawmakers of both parties had predicted it is easy confirmation.
McKasey takes the place of Alberto Vio5 Gonzalez who left under a cloudless scandal in
September.
He only devoted the defeat because half a dozen Democrats voted in favor of the phone
along with Republicans and Democrats turned independent, Julie Bremen, the worst of the
worst.
McKasey 66 had outraged many lawmakers and human rights groups by repeatedly refusing to
verify waterboarding, a simulating drowning technique as torture.
Maybe they ought to give him a shot at it and see how it likes it.
The two Democrats at Porter said last night that although they're troubled by his equivocal
views on waterboarding, they believe McKasey represents the best possibility for change
at a troubled justice department.
But this is the only chance we've got, said Diane Feinstein.
You bitch!
The other Democrats in favor of the confirmation were Senator Chuck Schumer of New York.
Oh my god, what a sellout.
Evan Vi of Indiana, another one.
Thomas Carpour of Maryland, Mary Landro Luzian and Ben Nelson of Nebraska.
Not Bill Nelson of Florida, Ben Nelson of Nebraska, got that?
Yep.
Where is Nelson?
The fractured Tally signals that McKasey will face a deeply skeptical Democratic Congress
as he takes over justice, which has been demoralized and emptied of senior leadership
in the wake of scandals.
Demoralized, just like the stat here at WQAM demoralized, depressed, devolved, the worst
I ever seen.
The challenge is facing McKasey over there, although I will say one thing.
No, I may say it several times as a matter of fact.
Oh yeah, I know it.
It's for the fee he hits, please for the fee, but when I got me some keats, as could
say, cleats.
It's for the fee he hits, please for the feats, that's when I got me some keats, as could
say, cleats.
Yeah, me too.
We should just play that till two o'clock and say the hell with it.
The challenges facing McKasey over the next 14 months are severe.
From rebuilding confidence and justice to cracking new strategies to combat a growing
violent crime problem.
McKasey's also plays the review of the Justice Department's controversial legal opinions
on torture and detention policies.
We'll have to cope with the outcome of a series of internal investigations in New
Elegance Deeds, Ligansolus and his AIDS, but a big better proof that about.
Good luck to us all, because like George said to me before the show today and he's right,
it's all just a corrupt bunch of crap.
Okay.
We're just in the middle of this big scan that's going on.
Dog and pony show.
Dog and pony show for the world.
Socks and puppets.
That's correct.
Socket to him.
And like I said yesterday, the fact that the so-called younger generation is all whipped
up by people like Stephen Colbert who's got some writers who may be fairly clever once
in a while.
He's just, when I saw him on Eat the Press on Sunday, I wanted to put my head in my hands
and cry.
And I thought to myself, why would anybody just a couple months before the caucuses and
primary start and some people might get serious about the future of the world, why would
anybody put this crap on here?
I mean, crap, you know what that's an insult to crap?
What he did.
Look at that.
The thousand hundred and twenty already.
Woo, not good.
The S&P is down, down twelve and a half collar.
The S&P is down for that idiot.
Here comes the money and there goes your bunny.
How's that go?
That sounds better.
Yeah.
Here comes the money and there goes the bunny.
Sunny.
Hey, Sunny, don't go on the crossway.
Baby, oh.
Santino, they shot him on a cause where he's dead.
Canadian down to 10628, thank God.
And the year old 146.74, almost a buck and a half and the, oh, it's impossible.
And the media is still concerned about Brittany, you know.
An important crap like that.
And about Bill O'Reilly, Bill O'Reilly and all this other swill.
So 18, the age of mediocre celebrities, the age of mediocrity is what it's all about.
So Norma can't call me at 9.40 this morning from Viral Beach where he's spending a week
airing out his brains and his, oh, right.
Back to other body parts.
Sounded incoherent if you asked me, I don't know, you know more about the wicked weed,
but to be sure it's all the early in the morning.
Waking bake on a weekday?
Oh, no.
Not very responsible.
Although it's not unheard of.
Well, I don't know if that's the case or not.
Maybe he just dragged his ass out of bed.
I don't know.
Well, he was finishing a phone call that we were in the middle of last night when a cell phone
died.
Now, I don't know whether he's not allowed to use the regular phone in his room at that hotel
where we're staying in Viral Beach.
So, wouldn't you think that if you're in the middle of a fairly important call, they
would pick up the regular phone and you call the first back?
No.
And of course, I tried calling him several times in the cell phone immediately.
Oh, the party you're calling is an idiot.
721 votes on Chris's full.
He's confident of a thousand today.
Don't start picking any numbers higher than that.
Okay, well, that's my advice to you, Schmuck.
Don't start shooting for the moon.
Especially on a Friday, a holiday weekend Friday.
A lot of people don't even know what's a holiday weekend, but I'm telling you that right now.
Not a holiday weekend here in Canedia.
Well, they sure got a lot of weird holidays.
Again, then starting next year, there's going to be another one in February just kind
of like a, they call it family day holiday.
Just to go find somebody's family to hang out with.
That's sweet.
Yeah.
Victoria Day and Canada Day and just we don't want to work today day and I don't want
a day.
I don't want to.
Let me continue with the show.
Well, guess what?
I don't want to.
So, anyway, speaking of promoting the rest of the radio station, here's what we got
today.
Thank God it's not Thursday.
Although Friday's got, it's got some issues in there as well.
Mad Dog a two, power hour with a mad dog and Hank four to five.
The Humper five to seventy departed to Hank Goldberg five to seven.
He will be departing into the air.
And we're going to miss enough find some Shlumper to put in there, believe me.
Probably some goi.
Seven o'clock it's Hurricanes warm up seven thirty.
Hurricanes basketball against Florida seven.
Wow.
Followed by Hurricanes wrap up.
Then in nine forty five we have an hour fantasy table with the big O and Mish.
Followed by two hours of ESPN radio time with more Keishon and tuna bill parcels it still
says here.
I know some people just call him the tuna.
He's known as the big tuna, but here, current, our clearance, he's tuna bill parcels.
You ought to be tuna clearance.
What they do with tuna is a Spirum.
For a McMillho follows that and ESPN radio overnight then our unbelievable weekend programming
are unmincionable just unbelievable lineup of Swill.
Hey, it's well, baby.
Swill is well.
When you think so?
Sure.
Sounds the same.
Swill is well and swallow is well.
And that's us here at QAN.
We got a Swill lineup.
Twenty six past ten at five sixty WQAN.
Either you best do.
Very treasures.
Aren't always found at Z.
Hi.
I'm Judy Teneuta for the treasure finders.
Our exploration team recently unearthed an abandoned delivery truck buried since the
mid-1960s.
It was filled with cases of Metrical diet shakes containing cyclamates.
This product was banned back in the 60s when cyclamates were determined to cause bladder
cancer.
It disappeared from the store shelves and was never seen again.
But now you have the chance to own a piece of this rare treasure.
Call 1-800-R-R-R-R-R-R now and choose from chocolate strawberry and vanilla.
Today, cyclamates are insane and these Metrical shakes are fresh as the day they were
canned.
Why I'm drinking one right now.
Oh, have another one.
Ten thirty at five sixty WQAN happy Friday November 9.
We have 747 on the Apple.
Let's hop on a big 747 and go to Arachidom.
Let's get on a KLM 747 and go to Skipol Airport and Arachidom.
I'll show you the away.
All right.
I'll show the ropes.
Like Hansel and Gretel hoping to follow the bread crumbs out of the forest, the FBI sifted
through customer data collected by San Francisco Air grocery stores in 2005 and 2006, hoping
that sales records of Middle Eastern food would lead to Iranian terrorists.
The headline says, FBI hope to follow FALOFL TRAIL to Iranian terrorists here.
Oh, yeah.
You're eating FALOFL?
Terrorist.
Guess what?
You had it.
You wouldn't eat no mo.
The idea was that, say, a spike in FALOFL sales combined with other data would lead to
Iranian secret agents in the San Francisco San Jose area.
The brainchild of top FBI counterterrorism officials filled mud and willy-t Hulan, according
to well-informed sources, the project didn't last long.
It was torpedoed by the head of the FBI's criminal investigation division, Michael Mason,
who argued that putting somebody on a terrorist list for what the eight was ridiculous and
possibly illegal.
A check of federal court records in California didn't reveal any prosecution developed from
FALOFL TRAILs.
FBI spokesman Paul Bresson would neither confirm nor deny that the Bureau ran such data mining
or forward-leaning dominant management experiments, but said he would continue to investigate.
It sounds pretty sensational to me, he said upon his initial review of the allegation, the
techniques were briefly mentioned last year in a PBS Frontline special, The Enemy Within.
Mason is leaving the FBI to become security chief for Verizon, could be reached for comment.
The FBI denies that sifting through consumer spending happens to monitor the kind of
data mining that caused an uproar when the Pentagon was exposed to doing it in 2002.
Domain management has been portrayed by the Bureau as a broad analytic approach, not
specific data mining activity says Amy Zegart authored the much praised recent books,
Buying Blind, the CIA, the FBI, and the origins of 9-11.
It is a methodology to determine what is known about a problem developed in the CES to measure
it and take steps to close knowledge gaps.
Zegart said her recent interviews with FBI officials suggest that domain management
has been implemented in the spotty fashion.
LA in New York appear to be head of the curb, but some of the field offices are not using
it, and at least one never heard of it.
As ridiculous as it sounds it most certainly does.
The grocery's counting scheme is a measure of how desperate the FBI is to disrupt domestic
terrorism plots.
They're desperate, just like us at QA and baby, desperate.
Depressed, demoralized, and desperate were in 3D.
I'm sure we're the only radio station in the world that's ever broadcast in 3D.
Do we have goggles to go with that?
Yes.
The pot and OJs were in someone at the Vegas courtroom there who's wearing some of them
goggles.
The possibility of Iranian-sponsored terrorism, the US has drawn major attention from the
FBI because of rising tensions between Washington and Tehran overruns nuclear programmers.
Your president says nuclear.
Because of the heightened difficulty surrounding the US-Ranian relations, the FBI has increased
its focus on his blah.
These investigations, really, especially the potential friends of his will, members
on US soil.
Just this week, Analyst Matthew Levitt, I wonder if he's came to John Levitt.
My former producer.
My friends in the Jewish community, and my friends in the Latin community.
You don't have any friends, Levitt.
Cut the crap.
Just this week, Analyst Matthew Levitt wrote that according to FBI officials here, some
50 to 100 Hamas and his will, members with military training are present in the USA.
And if the FBI spokesman will not confirm that figure, but others are far more circumspect
including US intelligence.
Last July's National Intelligence Assessment on Terrorism Trends addressed the potential
for Iranian subversion in such cautionary terms that was rendered useless.
We assess Iran back lesbianies, his blah, which had conducted anti-US attacks outside
the US in the past, may be more likely to consider attacking the whole mind over the next
three years if it perceives the US is posing a direct threat to the group or Iran.
The NIE said, in other words, who knows?
Nobody.
The shadow knows.
Let me tell you right now.
The shadow knows.
What is my little prince doing?
Never seen the shadow?
Sure.
All the time.
Look, there's one there.
Yeah.
Oh, it must be Johnny Joe.
His is a fat ass cast a wide shadow.
It's very round.
So I've heard.
Round and firm and fully packed, just like Chesterfield.
What's the pale male, I think that was?
Pale male.
Pale male.
Pale male.
Some people say, pale male.
It was not pale male.
It was pale male.
It was pale male.
Here I know all my faggots.
Oh, oh.
She has in her hands a copy of the indictment against former New York City Police Commissioner
Bernie Kerrick.
Great.
I'm marrying you kind of, a bit of an opportunity to work through it.
Yeah, Tony, and now we're getting the details of these charges and this corruption cases.
I wish you to come on and say, what are you talking about, you A-hole?
Out against Bernard Kerrick, on some of them is failing to report benefits from a company
that was looking to do business with the city tax evasion.
We have expected that.
Also one of the things that this indictment charges is that it charges Kerrick of making multiple
false statements to the White House and other officials.
Good.
He's such a geeky fat on the back of his neck.
Have you ever known a sad Greek character?
He is fat on the back of his neck.
Wow, that's fat.
765 votes on our award-winning poll.
It's not great, but it sure beats yesterday.
Yesterday's sucked bad, really bad.
And there's nothing worse than sucking bad.
Who are the worst slabs we asked?
Public housing dwellers 147.
Smokers 131.
Trader Park Trash 126.
The homeless 104.
Teenagers 89.
Sports spectators 54.
Who mung all over the place?
They're humongous.
Voters 43.
Yeah, they throw all their crap in the water.
Like the French, they throw all their garbage on the street in Paris.
As long as I've lived there, I've never seen such slabs as the people in Paris.
They come out of McDonald's, they just, you know, all the rappers.
Yeah, they're talking about the SIDGEL and talking about the rappers.
They just throw it on the ground.
They just plenty of receptacles in garbage.
Oh, we can't be bothered by the way.
Palibu, we get lost.
Palibu, jump on Z.
The French, they're disgusting.
Voters 43.
Beardwinkers 33.
Florida Key Residents 27.
And out of Repairman 9.
I think they deserve a break today.
I don't know why we're picking on them.
Why they even belong on here, Sean, because, you know, they're work.
I mean, while they're working, of course, they're sloppy.
They got grease and oil and lube and stuff all over them, you know?
Right?
Right.
So why, maybe when they leave work and go home and take a nice hot shower,
and they get all gussied up, maybe they look lovely, you know?
They look clean and pristine, like an old queen.
I don't know.
767 is another one for you.
Don't fly a 767.
It's okay.
I don't know why they fly those damn Jolopis across the pond.
I don't like those.
Get on a nice 747.
Get on one of them big, big.
In the upper deck, no less, then you'll feel like real prestigious.
You know, like, well, I'm a big shot.
I'm flying in the upper deck of a 747.
I'm ready some hot shot, you know?
Of course, you're not.
Right.
Wait till you hear this, man.
This is so typical, Joja.
I think that of all the Mugwam states, Joja is the worst.
There's South Carolina, there's Mississippi, Louisiana, Alabama.
Oklahoma, Texas, a lot of Mugwam states.
But Joja, to me, it just seems, you know, we're reading about all
and segregated senior proms, and all the other craft they still have.
There's still an pre-civil war era in Joja.
And of course, you know, past the ammunition and the Bible and all that crap.
What to do when the rain won't come if your governor sunny Purdue of Joja,
you pray.
The governor will host a prayer service next week to ask for relief from the drought,
creeping the southeast.
Oh God, Joja, give us some rain, please, God.
Good Lord.
The only solution is rain in the only place we get that is from a higher power produced.
spokesman Bert Brantley said,
Purdue's office is sent out invitations, leaders from several faiths for the service set for Tuesday.
What if it rains over the weekend?
Maybe God is prescient.
Maybe God is a cold-hearted bastard.
He doesn't like people in Georgia.
Maybe that's the possibility.
Maybe he doesn't like you mugwumps in Joja.
Joja, oh, what a place.
Purdue and all the way here that Savannah is a beautiful place,
London-nice golf courses if you're into golf, which I'm not so screw it.
Where do they have the masters, Augusta, I think, right sure?
You know that.
Lotta golf in Joja.
I know that's where our people go.
Magog goes up there, goes nuts.
Who's gonna wear the green jacket?
Stop being a gusta, buster.
Purdue has several times mentioned the need for prayer along with watercolour.
The conservation is the state's drought crisis is worsened over the summary
participating in a day of prayer for agriculture and a gathering of the Georgia
Farm Bureau in Macon, Joja.
Oh, boy.
How'd you like to be making in Macon, Joja?
Making a big pile right in the middle of the sidewalk.
Purdue abactes this enjoyed strong support from Georgia's Christian conservatives.
Oh, yeah, I bet.
The southeast has been suffering from an intense drought in recent months that has threatened
supplies of drinking water.
Georgia's been locked in a battle with Alabama and Florida over how much water should
be sent downstream from the state's windling reservoirs.
And I hear a rumor has it that Lake Oki Chobie, Lake Oki Chobie is way down.
Way down, yonder, in New Orleans.
Well, I would say that yesterday.
It's way down.
It's down like it's only five feet or something like that.
I don't know what it is.
It's bad.
Because the Lord hates the deep south.
Governors from the three states reached a temporary agreement after meeting with
Bush administration officials in Washington.
The prayer service will be held outside the state capital on Tuesday.
Unless, of course, it rains, then we'll move it inside thankfully, Brantley said,
how do you like that, huh?
For some careful planning.
Maybe the Lord is going to anticipate the fact that he's going to read about it in the paper.
And he's going to see, oh, I don't want to put them through all that work.
I'm going to make it rain like hell.
So they all get pneumonia like our ninth president, William Henry Harrison.
That was the name.
William Henry?
I don't know.
Henry?
No.
Was that his name?
I don't know.
William Henry Harrison?
That wasn't his name.
John Potter times part.
That's my only area of expertise.
That's the only thing I know is our president.
I did have to have them memorized.
I did too.
I still got them memorized.
I got a lot of other crap memorized too.
He's the one that got pneumonia because he gave us an auguro address out in the rain like an idiot freezing
or cooler like a moron.
He got pneumonia and died.
William Henry Harrison.
That wasn't his name.
I think it was.
That's a little bit.
Or doodling.
Doodling it.
Henry doesn't sound right.
I don't know.
I mean, how could I possibly screw that up?
William Henry Harrison, the ninth president.
Uh-huh.
That's him.
So what are you arguing with me for?
For fun.
Oh.
I think I'm going to lose my mind right here on the air today.
Oh, it's going to be so much fun.
Everybody is here.
Is your chancellor's name collecting 102?
256 K Robert and C public Eliza.
Kimcker's rivets court record zero.
30 completion last question.
Overcomująciated by curiously retelling
Bee and ND waaah.
I don't get tozo baby bro.
Oh, bad news brings me down home.
I'd rather know nothing.
Keep my head in the ground.
I'll leave it to corporate, or my dogs to be found.
I live for the moment.
All that matters is now.
My brain, I don't use.
I just use information right now.
If I feel like some use,
Hey, man, come on.
Let's see me as KT, Corrix, my mouth.
Don't get too so rebroad.
I'm too self-absorbed for.
I like my mind people.
It's worth making people hard.
So interested in nothing.
I'll try to find my staff now.
I'm certain of one thing.
We'll never wake up in hell.
No, don't take me from just on a go.
Carry my head to normal.
Good idea.
Just like our management here at the QAM,
bury your head deep in a hole, baby.
Anyone know what they got going for?
I give up.
Let me give you a clue.
It's for the feet.
That's what they got.
A sports member, Billy Dealer, testified yesterday
that OJ Simpson helped lead a military-style invasion
of Las Vegas Hotel Room in September,
a military-style invasion.
With the former football star looking on from the defense table,
Dealer Bruce Frommong said he never saw Simpson carrying a gun
but at least two of them in a company Simpson were armed at it.
Simpson ordered his associates to keep Frommong and another deer,
Alfred Beardsley in the room, as sports member Vida was removed
from long testified.
He quoted Simpson as saying,
don't let anyone out of the room nobody leaves.
Frommong said Simpson also insisted that the merchandise
the leader had been tried to sell at the Palastation Casino
was all my Schmidt.
I remember that song, I think Bob Dylan wrote it,
all my Schmidt, I'm Peter Paul Mary, saying it.
Also, if there is a cross-created plate,
six minutes of the auto tape confrontation
in which Frommong tried to reason with a clearly angry OJ.
After Simpson and his associates led Frommong could be heard saying,
we were just robbed at gunpoint by OJ Simpson.
Thomas Riccio also testified yesterday,
he set up the meeting between Simpson and the member Vida dealers
and is the one who made the audio recording.
Simpson decided to go ahead with a sting operation
to retrieve stolen merchandise Riccio said on the stand.
One man in the group with Simpson pulled a gun
during the confrontation he said.
Riccio testified that actor Beardsley approached him
with an offer to sell stolen Simpson merchandise.
He contacted both Simpson and the police
but the police refused to get involved in what they believed
was a civil matter.
Riccio said he also talked to the FBI about a plan to get Beardsley.
We've been on video that the material was stolen
and then Sullivan video as an exclusive.
Simpson said he wanted to keep the atoms for his family
not sell them.
Oh, right!
Ha ha ha!
Right!
Oh yeah!
Riccio also said that at a party before the incident
to palestation Simpson talked excitedly about the plan to get the merchandise back
and was urged by his family not to do it.
Don't do it OJ, don't do it!
Thursday's testimony back from among and Riccio
that guns were used,
comforted Simpson's assertions and media interviews
that no guns were involved in the confrontation.
Simpson's insistence was merely trying to retrieve
an immobilized belong to him.
Right!
But prosecuted as late Simpson,
60 was the ringleader of the alleged palestation robbery
and he faces 12 criminal counts including conspiracy,
kidnapping, robbery, burglary, coercion,
and assault with a deadly weapon that could land him a life
sentence if he's convicted.
All right!
He has pleaded not guilty, of course.
Is that absolutely 100% not guilty like in the murders that he committed?
I'm not sure it is.
The preliminary hearing is to determine whether there's enough evidence against Simpson
and two co-dependence, Charles Stewart and Charles Earlick,
toward a trial.
Prosecutors are expected to call eight witnesses including three
Simpson's former co-defendants who will reach plea deals on less than charges
and are expected and testified that guns were involved.
The preliminary hearing continues today.
Simpson's free on $125,000 bond.
Fromong testified that the chain of events that led to September 13
confrontation began in the palestation's parking lot,
where he and Beresley met with Ritio,
with supposedly representing a bar interested in Simpson merchandise.
Ritio asked him to carry the items in the hotel room so the bar could inspect them fromong
said, once inside, once since the men were inside the room,
the doorbells stupened a group of men including Simpson entered fromong testified.
During the encounter which lasted five to six minutes fromong said
one of the men drew a semi-automatic weapon and pointed at him,
while another man had a gun in his belt.
Simpson must have seen at least one of those weapons he'd be saying.
Ritio, who said he was given immunity for his co-op race,
in the case later sold the audio recording of the encounter
to Gaza website TMZ, or as they say here TMZ.
Among the 600 to 700 items fromong said,
oh, there's the phone, I better go get it.
Hang on.
Oh, okay.
Gee, I don't know how many filler music ready.
I got this.
Don't save me, bro.
Don't save me.
Can't hear this so much, can you?
Yeah.
Don't save me, bro.
I got something without you.
Don't save me.
Don't save me, bro.
Please hold the tears.
Is that you?
That wasn't me.
I didn't know if it was you or him.
Was that you, pops?
I guess not.
I guess I'm gonna play often.
Alright.
Don't tell me bro!
I mean I got the police.
Oh boy, please be a police.
Yeah we are.
Well I got issues again.
This is expected and feared today.
Mm-hmm.
The movers are up there but there's nobody inside.
Hmm.
I thought you were confirmed that there was a body in there at least early.
No, that there was somebody respite even on this early inside.
Oh.
Let me just send the message here.
Oh I'm so sorry.
Sure.
But you know.
Yeah.
Don't change me bro!
No!
No!
You can dance today.
It's Friday right?
Yes it is.
I really start my week early.
Not by design.
I mean let's take a break in the world and give me a moment or two to recover from my delunacy and then we'll come back.
All right.
What the biggest name to the best talent here is Neil Rogers.
4356QAM.
The sports leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is your blame.
I'm dying out of here.
Any questions?
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport men's room during an undercover sexting.
Accused of soliciting sex from a man who turned out to be an undercover police officer.
Now for the first time the senator and his wife Suzanne are telling their story.
I had been in that bathroom.
I don't know how many times over the years this particular bathroom is described as a hot spot for anonymous sexual encounters.
Were you aware at all senator of the reputation of that specific bathroom?
Oh yes.
According to this officer you looked into the stall and the next thing he says that happened is that
you came under the divider into his stall and you said, quote, pickle here?
I did say that.
That is correct.
Sex in that bathroom.
Yes.
And put my pants up and stepped out.
Honey, are you gay?
There's no question.
Absolutely.
It was a marriage of convenience.
To cover a gay lifestyle.
Oh, yeah.
It is simply true.
And so will you resign?
No.
I won't resign.
I will finish out my term, traveling the country.
Soliciting gay sex.
Yes.
It's important to me and I'm going to use all of the rights I have as a citizen to try to do that.
Coming up.
I'm the bad boy, a naughty boy.
I'll be leaving the nasty bad, naughty boy.
Okay, it's only 10.58.
Let's take the 11 o'clock break.
Everything is just fine.
You were right.
I'm wrong.
You were right.
But nevertheless, everything is just fine for the moment.
Good.
Honest is going to wonder.
What is he talking about?
What else is going on?
Mind your own business.
That's right.
Nanny.
Nanny and business.
Well, come to find out that my close personal friend, Paco, was open a convenience store.
Oh, and they showed up a few minutes early.
But I'll teach them to show up early.
Sure.
This is one person who's not an early is not in the vocabulary.
I think in Mexico, early means about two hours late.
Maybe that's what that's yes does not mean.
I think about Cuban time.
Mexican time is even like several hours away from that.
Damn.
Leave.
It's like that.
But anyway, so all is well.
I give you a number really called him and he's on the way upstairs and I call him.
Oh, don't worry.
Everything is just fine for the moment.
I'm fine.
It's a good thing I answered that phone though, isn't it?
Yeah.
I had a feeling.
I had a sick feeling in the pit of my stomach.
Well, Geneal, it sounds like you're going through all kinds of, yes.
But you know what?
It's your ain't boring.
No.
No.
Prosecutors were expected to call eight witnesses including three assumptions, former code of
finance over each plea deals on other charges and expected to testify that guns were involved.
The preliminary hearing continues today.
From on testify the 10th of March, it led to the September 13th hour already over there.
Reach your ass then to carry out an incident of the hotel room so the buyer could inspect them from on set.
Once the men were inside the room, the doorbell is still open to a group of men including Simpson entered from on testify.
In a military style invasion, I like that term that great.
Yes.
Richio, who said he was given immunity for his cooperation in the case, later sold the auto recording of the Encounter to Gossip Website TMZ.
Among the 600 to 700 items from Long City at Priscilla were presentation balls.
Placks and ties worn by Simpson during his criminal trial for the 94 murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman.
Well, maybe they can auction off OJ's balls.
Because I know there's lots of people who would be more than happy to volunteer to slice them right off.
The 90-Ownerity.
Shouting up some of the bailiffs there.
He's chanting up over there in the monitor.
When we recessed last night, the defense was about to cross-examinate a man named Thomas Reachio.
He is the sports member of Brilliant dealer who really engineered this whole hotel conversation.
But he really didn't do OJ any favors.
He tape recorded the whole event, if you will.
We heard it in OpenCorg yesterday.
Obviously, he doesn't put OJ's sense in a flattering light.
Good.
Fries ass.
Now, right on TV, right on CNN Live, although let's have a few artists to promote it.
We'll enter up to all this... well, he's a sports figure, right?
We'll enter up to all of our other very important sports program because there is nothing going on, you know.
The Dolphin Taser.
The football always matters here.
Well, you know what? The Dolphin doesn't matter.
Don't matter.
That's what who says?
The... our rejoins and...
Well, scrimmiders are ahead of the liners.
And the papers don't always matter.
Well, the Zerb by week this week.
Bye-bye.
813 votes on the pool.
Who are the worst slabs?
We should have probably put Mexicans on here too.
That would be bad though. That would be like an ethnic slurb.
We don't want to do that. That would be George doing that.
We're not doing anything like that.
Don't do it.
How you have it.
All I ever said was, um, not one.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Well, me neither.
Not an engine.
Me neither.
Oh, you hear that?
What?
Now you're gonna... I think when you come right down to it...
The majority of Mexicans are Indians.
I can't wait when you come right down to Europe.
You can kill us!
You and me for me.
That's why we're always sticking up for me-fo.
I had sex with a couple of half breed engines of...
Yes, sex with me-fo?
Oh my god.
He's not an engine. He's one of yours.
He's telling you a corny stories at the time?
All the things.
He's saying that corns you're a special?
Who are the worst slabs?
Public housing dwellers 162.
Smokers 138.
Traitor parked dwellers 135.
The homeless 112.
Teenagers 92.
Sports spectators 59.
Voters 43.
Beard rinkers 33.
Florida Key Residents 29.
And Autorapairmen.
Solomentade D.A.S.
Soltanto D.H.U.
Only 10.
They know that-that's a bum rap.
They shouldn't be on there.
I don't like it.
I don't like it.
But I'll leave it on there, because otherwise we lose 10 votes.
Right.
Because we don't want to do that.
Yeah, we wouldn't want to lose 10 votes.
I'm saying 1100 votes today is very doable.
It's only like 1102.
How's the nag going for 1100?
Why not?
Well, you said don't-
Well, we already got 800 and 12.
You jackass.
What's so difficult about 1100 when you got 815 old bean?
What's wrong with that?
I still have 1100 of this?
Yeah, it will be.
You'll see.
And if not, you know, it comes to you come saw.
I got other- I got bigger fish to fry, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I got a third source to deal with.
And- and everything is just fine.
The person who's faxing the Mickey Worker Rest Report for the third time now.
We don't care.
We don't care.
I saw it on the SCNN thing.
We don't care about freaking Mickey work.
Can't you get that through your head?
Okay?
There's nothing unusual about Mickey work being arrested.
Officer Prince.
Oh yeah, well we can't play the rest of that.
Oh, I got a good memory.
Well, Barry Jackass writes,
My mate is a demolished orange bowl and sell off pieces.
And I hear a lot of gnashing at all these clowns on this radio station and others,
reminiscing about the orange bowl.
Yeah, something that was a toilet, a zid in years ago,
and it's still a toilet and the best thing they could have done was drop an H bomb on.
I've been sitting there for years.
You ever go to a game in the orange bowl of Chris?
Oh, definitely.
And am I right?
It's definitely a place that it's,
you're not going there for the beauty of it?
For the emotions.
You are such a weasel man.
I was there for Florida State Game.
It's a club game.
Yeah, I mean I was there for 12 o'clock Florida State Game.
And by halftime they ran out of water.
The order.
It's a dump.
They could have just, you know,
of course if they had any toilets in it,
they could have just took up their hose to the old,
uh, queue, the train, you know what I mean?
Barry Jack Estes is in a move that's hardly surprising.
The city of Imi's decided to demolish the orange bowl.
And who the hell wants to go there anyway to that area
and park on somebody's lawn for 50 bucks and all that other crap that goes along with it?
All the other accoutrements that go along with that sewer?
A 70 year old sports cathedral at his stage,
some of the biggest and most memorable events in South Florida,
History Rightsburg, cathedral my ass.
And soon the public will get a chance to buy pieces of the stadium
even the urinals.
Oh, baby.
Gilbert Cabrera, chief of maybe you can sell one of the urinals to a Larry Craig.
What do you think?
We could tap his toe while he's, uh,
silly for man comes with it,
drain in the lizard.
Gilbert Cabrera, chief of staff from Imi City Manager, Peter Nanda,
said yesterday afternoon that Hernandez has decided to tear down the stadium
soon after place host to its final scheduled event.
A high school football all-star game on the 4th of January.
Cabrera said Hernandez has the authority to make the decision without City Commission approval.
Hernandez was in meetings Thursday and immediately available for comment
but after the University of Miami decided earlier this fall to move it to the off-and-stating,
Hernandez said it would be difficult to justify spending millions
to make structural upgrades on the OB.
The University of Miami will play its final game in the Orange Bull Saturday
tomorrow against Virginia and Joseph Gackie will be there to do his usual,
oh my, oh my, I had just embarrassing performance.
Unacceptable.
FIU, which is using the Orange Bull this season,
while its new stadium is constructed, will play three more games there.
The FIU North Texas game December 1 will be the final college game ever played in the Bull,
in the toilet Bull, and it is.
It is a sewer.
I would like to have had the prep-h concession in that place, you know,
sitting on a cement.
Yeah, I never heard of such a place.
A stadium where you sit on a cement.
And your ash just turns to be normal when you go out the waterway.
And then then they go it?
They have plastic seats.
Now like bench seats now.
Well we have plastic seats, well.
That was better than sitting on the concrete.
Well let me ask you this one question now, what's one thing I want to know if they have.
I'm sure they do, of course they do.
Plastic seats and pleats for defeats.
I'll know.
But what can you want?
Is something good to eat?
Yeah, no bad to eat.
I'm not sure that.
I don't know, I can't recall that long ago.
I actually had any food in that place.
Though the city line we continues to speak with the Marlins about building a stadium on
outside the demolition of the Orange Bowl is not contingent on any Marlins deal.
The city, Dave County and Marlins continue discussions, but so far says Little Berry
have been unable to reach an agreement on a funding plan for a ballpark.
Who's going to pay for it?
Who wants to pay for the Marlins when nobody cares in the first place?
Let's build a panthers in New Orleans.
That one in Broward's been there for a few years already.
And it's always empty.
Maybe if we build a better one, somebody will show up.
Oh, the city of soliciting offers from companies interested in handling the demolition of
the stadium and the sale of memorabilia, Cabrera said.
According to the request for proposals, the city expressed that demolition contractual
begin work in January and have four months to complete it.
I wish they could do it like they do when they demolish the casinos in Vegas.
You know, when they just demolish those buildings and they, oh, collapse, I'd fly down
to see it.
I give a squatting ovation.
The city also expects part of the stadium will go on sale to the public in January,
February, including seats and urinals, according to Cabrera.
Oh, yeah, that's just what I want in my house to say.
Urinal from the orange bowl.
Maybe Johnny Dolan will say, oh, maybe Neil Pieden here once a part of time.
You know, Johnny Dolan who's got ED, according to footy on its stupid ass plot.
We don't know.
Do we?
Or did they put on a Veele the answer there?
Maybe Vee D.
Oh, they've been a lot easier back in the day when we used to say Vee D is opposed to
I know transmitted disease STD.
What's the difference?
That sounds like an OSTD and Vee D.
Veneeral disease.
What's wrong with that?
Sounds, sounds bad though.
I don't know.
I like the Vee.
And then there's always Veneerial Bowman who used to drive a pomp and a park.
That's a real name.
Viral.
Oh, okay.
Viral Vee R.A.
Have you ever heard of anybody named Viral?
Sure.
You have?
Yeah.
Who?
There are a lot of old timers.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
I've never seen a lot of old timers in Vee D.
It was within the hallowed confines of the Orange Bowl
where Dan Merwin O'Chedder and NFL single season passing records
where the Hurley Keynes claimed the first second and fourth
of their national titles, where Joe named the quarterback
the greatest upset and super wool history,
where Lynn Swan secured made it the greatest
catch and super wool history, where Aaron Detent
to be fell hard luck Florida State Kickers,
and where Satchel Page drew the largest crowd
ever to win in Seminer League Baseball game.
Five super bulls have been played there,
tied with the Rose Bowl for second most
behind the Superdome in New Orleans,
then it includes Super Bowl 3,
the Jets 16 to 7 win against Baltimore,
which has considered the most famous upset of the game's history.
The dolphins played their first 21 years at the bowl,
including the only undefeated season in NFL history 72,
and Dan Merwin O'Chedder was record breaking
48 touchdown masterpiece in 84,
before the team relocated an offense stadium in 87.
But so much of the Orange Bowl's history
has linked to college football not only to Keynes,
but also the Orange Bowl Classic.
Fourteen national champions were crowned the OB
before the game relocated an offense stadium
wisely in 1996.
For Hurricane fans,
none of the games the OB was more meaningful than UM's
31 to 30 victory against heavily favored Nebraska
and the January 1st 84 game of win
that gave the Hurricanes their first national title.
None were more jaw-dropping than Doug Fruity's 46-yard
Hale Fruity passed land in the arms of Gerald Falen
and gave Boston College a 47-45 win with the Keynes.
I was giving a standing ovation in the living room for that.
November 23, 84, the most replayed ending in college football history.
It was great.
But the Orange Bowl's history reaches beyond football
and estimated 57,000 fans.
The largest crowd ever for Minor League Baseball Game Watch,
50-year-old sexual page pitched there for the Marlins.
August 7, 1956.
The Major League Marlins played some games there
between 1956 and 60.
The Minor League, did I say Major?
Minor League.
Remember, Sonny Hersh used to be the manager of the Amarlins.
The Minor League Marlins.
I didn't know.
We still have the Minor League Marlins.
The Orange Bowl has played host to numerous international soccer matches
as well as games in the 1996 Summer Olympics,
and least two pro teams, the NASL's TOROs and the NASL's Freedom.
Right, soccer, my ass.
The stadium hosted the North South Shrine Game for many years
and even had the NFL's Pro Bowl once in 1975.
The Rolling Stones, Michael Jackson, Madonna, the Eagles,
and Bruce Springsteen all performed in the Orange Bowl.
Prince chose the Orange Bowl as the soccer finale
of a celebrated purple rain tour in 1985.
But the Orange Bowl hasn't had a concert since Metallica in 1989
because most headline acts prefer to play indoor arenas
or newer outdoor stadiums as opposed to a festering, rotting, old outdoor toilet.
The Orange Bowl has hosted boxing, wrestling, practice,
or even a Canadian football exhibition game in 1995 that was intended to gauge
Miami's viability for a CFL expansion team.
Just what we needed would be a Canadian team in Miami.
Alas, the crowd disappointed the CFL diverse banded here, says Barry.
I can just see the Toronto Argonauts playing in Miami.
The Orange Bowl wasn't even called the Orange Bowl till 59.
Built for 340 granted open in 1937 as Burdine Stadium name after
Roddy Burdine, one of Miami's pioneers, and of course the Nowty Funt Department store.
It is defunct, right, isn't it? And I'll make these or something.
I guess.
The stadium was christened in Georgia's 26th to sit, going over the hurricane
December 10th, 1937.
The Orange Bowl classic began in 35th and moved to Burdine Stadium in 1938
with Auburn and Michigan State playing before 19,000.
The stadium original ex-Missioned State that blew the game to loss to Michigan in the last Saturday.
The stadium originally consisted of two sideline lower dexfulment and capacity of
22,000 end zones he'd started in the 40s.
And by the 50s there was double direct seating on both sidelines.
At one time capacity topped 80,000 but is shrunken recent years to 72,319.
So it looked less embarrassing with only like 20,000 people there, which happened very often.
Wow.
Oh, here's a story about Cousin Brucie, which I got a, I got my space email about Cousin Brucie.
I forgot to mention what a, a hole here.
Alright, this is the biggest name.
Stand healthy by the real project.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Friday you bastard.
WAPC!
It's willing from New York to everywhere around
77 on your dial.
The great big group of sound.
The home of the good guy.
Just can't put it down.
He all round and round and up and down.
We go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Shaped into the greatest radio.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, baby, you'll be.
I don't you know it's WAPC.
And I wrote this Bruce Morris story.
So anyway, oh, first of all speaking to my space, Brandon sends me a message a minute ago.
And he says, what the hell is going on?
What the hell is going on over there today?
Well, you'll be pleased to know that everything is under control.
We're fine.
I'm just trying to.
Yes.
So there.
Anyway, Cousin Brucie is an A-hole.
And the interesting thing is this message I got about him being in town is that he said
some very nice things about me.
I don't know who the show he was on, but said all these great things about me, a Roger's Bubba,
which is amazing because years ago and I would do, were you there the day I had him on?
No.
Well, it was even before you.
Well, I don't think so.
I had to be the first year that you were there because I don't remember this person.
Cousin Brucie with a bad hair piece.
I don't remember that person.
Well, anyway, he was in the building for whatever reason and I was got wind of it.
And I said, hey, bring him in here.
I'll put him on here.
Everybody wants your cousin, Brucie from WABC.
We got all New York people and all that stuff.
And he came in and he was out with me for maybe half-hour or whatever.
And then, after he left, I don't know who else he was talking to, but the word got back to me very, very quickly.
I can't believe the language and that show is disgusting.
But that's the worst crap I ever heard in my life.
And he just hated me.
So no, I wouldn't know.
He's talking about, maybe it's like a memory.
Something like that.
You think?
Good thing.
That's going around.
Oh, man.
They are here.
Don't worry.
I'm going to start reading my messages on the screen.
Okay.
From Paco.
All right.
I think it makes for a single lady.
Everybody wants to know what's going on.
We need to be here.
Your reading is great.
Don't worry.
And I wrote back, okay, great.
I'm going to have a lot of people read my messages.
Oh, because of Brucie.
Bruce Morrow, one of the nearest grubias, top 40 of this junkies, writes Glenn Garvin, who's a real idiot.
And WINSNWAV, he's seen later the foremost voice of all these radio at WCBS.
And very briefly in 1960, a soft-flotened DJ too, is visiting South Florida today
to promote his new book Do-Wop, The Times, The Music, The Era.
He'll appear on local oldies station where you missed it, magic from 6 to 6.30 this morning.
I've got to reach Shaws wanting to come out of retirement to go back and host that.
Don't worry, Rick, we're not taking calls.
He'll appear on oldies.
You can listen to actually see him do the broadcast from McDonald's at 111 North Federal Highway
for a lot of day.
And later he's going to do a book signing at Barnes and Noble down the street at 2051 North Federal Highway.
Because in Brucie's been off the broadcast here since WCBS dumped its oldies format a couple of years ago,
we can still hear him on serious satellites 1960s channel.
All right.
Because in Brucie, yeah, yeah.
Is that what he does?
What? That's what he used to do.
Yeah.
That's where that came from.
Don't you remember the guy who used to call?
No.
He was Johnny Dork.
I don't.
Yeah.
That was his signature.
You know, like Arnie Ginsburg at WMX and Boston, he was Wu Wu Ginsburg.
He had a horn used to like tweak.
Really?
He was Arnie Wu Wu.
Well, that's back when we had personalities.
He used to do like fun and different things like we used to play fart sounds, but we can't anymore.
That's it.
That's exactly it.
Where did that come from?
That's a wooden train whistle.
But that's what he used to play.
Just like that.
Yeah, that's how Wu Wu Ginsburg.
Pretty similar to that.
All of his horn.
He could be a Clara Bel the Clowns of Horn.
You remember the Clara Bel the Clown?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
Sure. I saw those old pictures.
You saw how he's duty?
I saw some footage.
Hey there, Mr. Dewey.
I saw some feedage.
And you wonder why those of us who drive green feedage are all screaming?
No.
We turned out the way we did.
Hey there, Mr. Dewey.
I mean, what the hell was that?
Yeah.
Yeah, I think that was it.
I'll tell you one thing though, that cousin Brucey never had.
He's for the feedage.
Oh yeah.
If he had that, he'd still be on the regular radio.
He's on serious though, I guess, which goes to show you.
They need me badly, desperately.
You know, Stern wanted me so bad he could taste it,
but they didn't want to pay me the money.
You know, so screw them.
You should go over to Sirius Nileo.
Well, it's where it goes.
Because Howard's hopping up all the money for himself.
Him and his protege, their male carmas,
and they're taking up all the cash for themselves.
Now that's fine.
So they have a lot of stiffs on here like Alex Bennett
and cousin Goosey, who's one of those things.
He, I don't understand.
Thanks very much for the nice things you said about me.
Bruce Too Bad didn't really mean them.
Why would he say that?
In some serious that the word you're looking for?
I get it.
And he had the worst hair piece.
And the second worst, the worst was that.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I'll never forget the time I came back to town,
and Moe had finally given up the ghost on those hair pieces.
You know, watch them, designer hair pieces.
They all looked like dead muskrats.
And he gave up on it and he had the little goatee.
And he was going, you know, he did these shades,
like me with a bald head, you know.
What word did you say?
Shave, I said.
Okay.
Well, that might came to my off when I thought about him, you know.
Cousin, Percy, another legend.
Yeah, he was, you know, he was fun on here.
Those are the days, baby Dan Ingram and Bablu, Babluis.
He's dead.
Babluis was dead.
By the way, I guess now that he's dead, I can say that.
I knew a lot of people knew him.
Well, he died from AIDS, by the way.
Babluis.
Who else was on WAVC?
Dan Ingram, I said.
Scott Bune, Pune Scott Bune.
Hello again, Herb Oscar Anderson.
Here's my best to you.
You know, some of the people were good and some of them were just,
they were just in the right place at the right time.
You know what I mean?
Like Arthur Godfrey.
How wide?
How wide?
Oh my God.
What a virulent anti-Semite.
I still say if they don't change the name from Arthur Godfrey Road on the beach,
there should be a revolution over there.
The Orthodox should be a wailing at the wall.
Vowshelt be faithful to the Mafia.
A titan police said yesterday found a list of ten commandments for mobsters
in a house near Palermo where a top Mafia boss was erected this week.
How do you like that?
They have their own ten commandments for the mobsters.
Selveteur Lopicolo, who had been on the run since 1993,
was trying to become the next boss of bosses of the Sicilian Mafia.
According to attendant investigators, he was apprehended Monday by police
raiding a house in the countryside outside Palermo, the capital of Sicilia.
Sicily.
I want to go to Sicily, but I bet you that's neat.
I want to walk the same walk that Michael and in Corleone.
Remember that walk in the Chilonia?
Before he met Apollonia, he was walking with Fabinitio and the other one.
It was the other one's name.
Carlo.
Carlo.
Oh, how easy that is.
Carlo.
The list was fired among his coded notes about him.
I'm going to tell you something.
You have to have a sense of humor, which is the only reason I survived this long.
And this whole thing that's going on here is just you either want to cry or laugh.
Today I've decided to laugh.
Good.
I've had my days when I've cried, but today I'm just laughing at it.
What the hell is going on over there?
Mine, you're all business.
It's just a little drama from the drama queen, Brandon. Cut the crap.
The list was found among his coded notes about the administration of Cosa Nostra
that were delivered by a little piccolo's aides.
Police in Polarmo said that the list opened with a preamble that said,
I swear to be faithful to Cosa Nostra, shall I betray my flesh will burn.
Under the category rights in duty were tantries meant to be sort of a user's manual for the good mobster.
I've heard of the good lobster, but nothing good mobster.
The list was typewritten in uppercase letters.
Police said, Italian newspaper La Repubblica published a photo of what it said was the list under the headline
that Godfather's ten commandments.
La Repubblica.
The list bar's mobsters from hanging out in bars all the way.
I do like the other one.
La Codaella de la Sada.
I like that name better.
We're fun to say.
La Codaella de la Sada.
Makes it sound like I almost speak five words of Italian, which I can't.
The list bar's mobsters from hanging out in bars from befriending police and being late for appointments.
And also bars them from taking possession of money that belongs to others or other families.
How to treat women also features in the decalogue.
You shall not look at the wives of our friends as one and three.
You shall respect your wives as another.
However, the mafia comes first as the fifth command orders of mobster
to be available for co-signature at any moment, even if your wife is about to give birth.
The last part of the list sets out an application rule saying that those have a very bad behavior
and no moral values cannot join.
And you have to have moral values like, you know, like managing at QAM.
Investigators believe that the 65-year-old or piccolo could have eventually emerged from a power struggle as the mafia's new top boss following the capture of Ronaldo Provenzano.
The reputed number one of the co-signature crimes syndicate.
Provenzano was arrested and affirmed your Cholione assistile in April 2006, after more than 40 years on the run.
In your Cholione, how do you like that?
Cholione is a chillia baby, I cannot believe it. I'm going, I'll see you.
I'm going to make a good name.
The best out.
The most beautiful project.
Sport Radio 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Rogers.
May 5th.
Synchro D'Iom.
A Mexican national holiday.
Home stations are giving away trips to cancels.
I'm giving away trips to cancels.
A wheel forging Mexican hotel.
That's right.
A wheel forging away Mexican.
Real live Mexican.
I.
Caramba.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station van.
Then a wheel for you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican.
They'll wash your car.
They'll do your house.
They'll pick your car.
Anything you want.
Because if they don't, you'll have them deported.
Audio sub-d.
People take a call when you hear this song.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible for own Mexicans.
Gating and delousing of Mexicans is winners responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
That'll be great signal to Maya with your own hope.
Ever in day.
With your very own Mexicans.
People are sick of the yeah.
What a deal huh?
I think I won.
I think I won a contest.
I didn't get notified.
Yeah, but he doesn't wash your car.
Nothing.
My car.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
That's a good idea though.
Did he pick your car?
I have no idea.
Okay, anyway, it's 11.33.27.00.
I might as well put this all out in the air because the people are probably wondering what happened to Neil.
How come he's not on half the time anymore?
Is he having some kind of a nervous breakdown?
Yes.
Yes.
Well, you know, I'm just an old, a daughtering old grandpa, you know.
No, cool, like an old grandpa.
No, Thompson was an old two, but he's surviving.
Where and when did we go wrong?
You know, I enjoy his columns because he really just pulls no punches, but he's so depressing, you know.
Sure.
I don't want to be depressing because the world is a slaughterhouse.
It's a nut house.
So give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
In fact, you know something?
No.
What I'm going to do this weekend if I have any money left after all this extravagant money I'm spending.
I'm going to go out and give me some.
Feets fall the feets.
What do you say?
I'll read it.
Yeah, during that horrible game that I mean that was a joke that game, that the giant dolphin game in London and they kept showing them.
Changing the cleats, which quite frankly, I mean I've seen more interesting things than watching the change cleats on the bottom of a shoes.
And just remember that Chris, you know, I'm sure he was watching it.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure he was watching it.
I definitely wasn't a very interesting game so I guess not.
No, obviously not a horrible game.
Anyway, Doug Thompson wants to know where and when you're watching these, you want to see the game.
and we go wrong.
And what point did this country lose its way?
America used to stand for law-freedom, decency, and human rights when exactly did we stop
believing in those basic concepts?
We used to be admired around the world, now we're despised and feared in some quarters,
and consider laughing stock and others.
The Senate confirms his Attorney General, named him says he doesn't know who waterboarding
is torture, doesn't know what alternative universe spawned this misguided some species.
Consider the testimony before Congress Thursday of Malcolm Wright's in Nance, a counter-terrorism
expert who taught off the Navy's survival evasion resistance at escape school.
He went through the waterboarding procedure to evaluate for himself if it was torture.
He said in my case the technique was so fast and professional that I didn't know what
was happening until the water entered my nose and throat, it then pushes down into the
trachea and starts the process of respiratory degradation.
It's an overwhelming experience that induces horror and triggers frantic survival instincts.
As the event unfolded I was fully conscious of what was happening and was being tortured.
Yes, he was being tortured, no ifs and buts, torture, but what part of that procedure
is so hard for new Attorney General Michael McKasey to understand?
In previous wars the US condemned torture, now we're not only endorsed but exported,
sending prisoners overseas to other countries to extract misinformation through pain and
suffering.
And what is this?
Get us false information that's used to launch illegal wars against other nations.
Recent reports confirmed that an al-Qaeda operative was tortured at the point where he told
us what we wanted to hear about Iraq, but it wasn't actually true.
When torture doesn't work we simply allow ourselves to be conned.
CBS recently outed curveball, the so-called top scientist from Iraq who fed us false information
about mobile chemical weapons lives in Iraq, turns out he was a low level worker with an
active imagination.
America on the world's stages viewed as both a bully and a bundling joke that can't do
anything right.
We ignore the UN, vibrate international law, and turn our rack into the safe haven for
terrorism that we falsely claimed was there before we launched an illegal invasion.
Our president lies without a second thought and sends young and women to their deaths
without remorse.
The so-called leader of the free world is a mentally unbalanced desperate with no conscience
and no regard for the constitution that wants to find this nation.
In some parts of this country children lie in a coma because this president and a recess
appointment put a lobbyist for industry in charge of the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
Residents of New Orleans still live away from their homes because he appointed a flunky
with a false resume from the International Arabian Horse Association to head the FEMA
Federal Emergency Management Agency.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
George W. Bush's vision of America includes a government that routinely spies on its
citizens, throws out due process when dealing with prisoners, and twists the truth to fit
political agendas.
But Bush didn't start America's decent, he merely exploited weaknesses in the system.
He accelerated the decline that may now be irreversible unless America steps up and
takes the decisive action to reclaim their nation from the thieves, con-argested crooks
that control our government.
The answer fund can be found doesn't lie in replacing one corrupt politician with another
or one out of a treachery political party with another.
The system has failed.
Replacement not repair maybe the answer.
But replacement with what?
I don't know.
I wish I had an answer, I don't.
Do you?
Do you say Doug Thompson?
Do you?
No.
Maybe I do.
I say, there's a way they make everybody happy, okay?
Give every American.
And no charge.
Nick has feel better, don't you think?
Maybe it's better.
It's better for free.
Everybody.
Well, you know something that'll teach these moving people a thing or two any way to
show up ten minutes early, especially when they're dealing with somebody that's on
Mexico time?
He was over in a convenience store getting some stuff over there and they show up pounding
on the door up there.
Thank God I gave him this number too.
They had this number.
And didn't I go running out there and tell you this?
I think this is important.
I better take it.
Take it.
Take it.
At any moment in the future in the next 14 months we have with these gray robbers.
Be prepared to just take charge and start the battle.
Because my life is filled with drama.
Listen, if they're going to call me the drama queen, I might as well have drama.
Sure.
How can you be a drama queen unless you don't have no drama?
They've had the dancing queen.
You can be the drama queen.
You can be the drama queen.
Don't forget to join George Stemore and I from 9-11.
He'll be handing out drugs.
At Tequila Ranch at the Seminole Hard Rock for the Corona Light Elimination Fools Ball
Finals.
Get there at 7pm for last chance qualification tournament to make the $1,000 finals.
From 9-11pm enjoy $5 buckets of Corona Light and great food specials too.
Plus try your luck with the Q&A prize wheel for a chance to win.
Pants or tickets.
Any interest in those pants or tickets?
No!
The place to beat him or her night is Tequila Ranch with Q&A Mn George from 9-11-8pm.
The best talent for his new projects.
4.560 Q&A Mn George later.
Thank you, yeah.
Buh-buh-buh.
Number 5 Tell a Bass with a Shakeley ass.
Sure.
Can't afford no gas.
Bitches broke.
It's for the good of my self-sort-sharp.
It's a tight-ass hair.
I need some water.
And I need some glue.
How do they move?
And you can sleep in the pool.
And come on in, torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
You're a good enough girl.
She beat me my life.
Now I'm there.
Will be for me.
Torch and pee.
Put that stick in my eyes.
Torch and pee.
Baby, I do you a nice.
I did not do it.
What you said I do.
Do we have my rights now?
I'd be long to you.
Come on in, torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
There you go, fighting.
What is wrong with it tonight?
He's water-farting torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Torch and pee.
Help me, please.
I don't know what I'm saying.
I was telling you anything.
You would be anything.
Please don't change.
I never vote.
This is that baby in it, man.
Torch and pee.
We're being tortured all of us.
We don't even know it.
Maybe we're massacres.
Maybe we enjoy torture.
Maybe.
I know we're sure torturing the audience.
By the way, Phoenix Airport death case.
Final report in Carol Gottbaum's death.
It'll leave if you would.
If I were to vote for it.
This guy, I just can't, I can't, I can't, I may jump out of the window.
I can't stand looking at him.
He is so out of renunctions of a Tony Harris.
So he's 272 and so is an awesome artist.
Who's talking about it?
Oh, that's must be because he's black.
No.
I know I'm a great black-news people like Ed Bradley was great.
And what's his name?
Bernie, what was his name?
Getz.
No, not Bernie Getz.
Bernie, they used to be on CNN.
Shaw.
Bernie Shaw.
Very good.
Well, did you say Peshaw?
Last year he said, Peshaw.
Oh, Peshaw.
Oh, Peshaw.
I remember that about last year he said all the time.
Now he's a, I don't want to follow those foot steps.
No, I don't want to be the next one in the crypt.
You have my kidneys go out and start losing my eyesight and have a few amputated.
Let's just kill.
You got it with the window.
It's been thoroughly entertaining.
Oh, there's plenty of life at.
There's no question.
Just keep on laughing.
Oh, you're laughing at me, is that it?
Are you laughing at me?
No, no, I'm just laughing in general.
You're laughing at me, Chris or what?
Oh, maybe.
That's my comment to you.
Boy, that's a moment.
After a year, I'm not sure if I'm supposed to read this new story or not,
because we have that agreement with Wayne.
We don't want to say anything on there that might, you know, impinge on his zits.
After a year of appealing his 120-day DUI sentence,
and less than a month into a jail stay, Robert Ray Heisinger,
a son of Dolphins owner, Wayne Heisinger,
is asking him Robert County just to reduce his sentence to time-serving probation,
according to court documents.
This is by Tanya Eleon as the son sent over there.
Robert Ray Heisinger, Senator of the Broward Main JLS Month on a 2003 Drunken Driving Charter,
who left the 71-year-old man with multiple injuries,
and was Heisinger's third DUI conviction in a decade.
Heising is public humiliation over this DUI,
embarrassment to his friends and family,
and the stain of a felony conviction are all significant punishment attorney David Boginschot's wrote
in October 25th motion, its Boginschot's.
Is that like Lipschitz?
That long was Heisinger's example of reactions that I was waiting for that,
including 94 clean urine tests,
while his case was on appeal as commitment to staying sober,
despite a year of emotional prison turmoil,
our cause for the reduced sentence Boginschot's wrote,
he noted, Heisinger 45, filed for divorce April 20th.
He's done better than 90% of people facing the same situation Boginschot's had in the interview,
it's what we have is all about.
Assistant state attorney Lani Bandel declined to comment on the pending case.
Heisinger had Erwin Lewis Figenbaum,
with his Range Rover as he crossed Los Olis Borbara December 5th, 2003.
Figenbaum, a pompano-heist suffered a concussion, a headgash,
that required eight staples in a broken elbow,
he sued and settled with Heisinger for an undersized son.
Heisinger, whatever his name is.
That night sparked profound change in Heisinger's Corn De Boginschot's,
that change is palpable personal and permanent in nature,
and is resultant in an individual who is totally substance-free,
he wrote in his motion.
Heisinger's family and friends will attest to his sobriety in November 19,
hearing before,
Howard Circuit Judge Michael Kaplan,
Kaplan heard all that before in September 2006, when he sentenced Heisinger,
Heisinger faced up the six years in prison in August of 2006,
when he pleaded no contest to a felony DUI charge
in a misdemeanor counter refusing to submit to a blood-slash breath test.
A month later Kaplan imposed concurring 120-day sentences for the misdemeanor in felony,
he also sent in sizing at a one-year-of-house arrest,
and four-year probation and set conditions including twice a week drug and alcohol testing,
and a 10-year loss of his driver's license, Bokin-Jutsappealed.
Heisinger was arrested for DUI 1995 and 97,
making the 2000 arrest three arrests his third DUI in ten years in automatic felony.
The basis of Bokin-Jutsappealed was that the 95 conviction
shouldn't be interpreted as his first DUI offense because it involved a voting incident.
The fourth district court of appeals in September of a peltissence prompting his October 19 surrender.
Well,
stop happens, man, even in the finest of families.
Not that I'm necessarily saying that's that, but I'm just saying,
even in the finest of families, just have happens, right?
Just, I think I'm getting a scratchy throat, I thought I'll work tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Right, Saturday, I got it.
Well, I'm just saying, if it was a weekday, you'd be back on again.
Don't be doing that, and they're going to start thinking that you're,
see the one thing you know,
I want to put this on the record, okay, on the ear, on the record.
I don't need to say it after all these years.
I'm here, you know what I mean?
I'm here.
If I'm not here, it means that either I'm a sick as a dog,
either physically or mentally.
Look at that, the thousand down, the hundred and thirty-five,
and the NASDAQ is, everything is pukin.
And the S&P is down for that jackass who's trying to pedal crap.
Go pedal it to somebody else, you grey-brower, you lunatic, you maniac.
You slime ball.
Can you believe that?
These guys try to sell me stock and mutual funds on the crap?
Well, you know, the old economy against the new economy, and...
Right.
And they keep putting a Jim Kramer on all over the place.
You know that crazy guy from CNBC?
Yeah.
Screams and yells and jumps up and down and puts on these goofy hats and silly outfits.
And we're supposed to be, you know, handing our money over based on what he says.
See, I don't know about you, but I don't think my money is a joke.
Maybe it's funny to them.
Maybe the joke's on you.
Yeah, I'm here to you the punchline.
I'm sure that.
Lately.
A claim by President Ahmedinajad that Iran has three thousand working uranium enrichment
centrifuges set a tremor across the world yesterday?
Wednesday.
A midfires that Israel would respond by bombing the country's nuclear facilities.
Or is that nuclear?
As your illiterate president would say.
He's not the first one, by the way.
Eisenhower used to say the same thing.
He used to say, uh, nuclear, and he would also say, however, he was illiterate Eisenhower.
But I like Kike.
You like what?
Military sources in Washington said that the existence of such a large number could be a tipping point, triggering an Israeli air strike.
The Pentagon is reluctant to take military action against Iran, but officials say that Israel is a different matter.
Among the international upward British MPs who were to have toured the nuclear facility were backing out of their trip to Iran.
They said, Iran as fast as I can in the other direction.
Even before President Ahmedinajad's announcement, the U.S. defense official told the Times yesterday, Israel could do something when they get around to around three thousand working centrifuges.
The Pentagon is minded to wait a little longer.
U.S. experts say three thousand machines running for long periods could make enough enriched uranium for an atomic bomb within a year.
Israel responded by serving notice that would not tolerate a nuclear Iran.
talks never did, and never will stop rocket said, a who would barrack the defense minister after talks with security cabinet.
U.S. and Western allies believe that Iran is using its ability to nuclear program as a cover for weapon development.
Iran says that it merely wants to generate electricity.
Concerned about Israel's intentions has been heightened by its recent historic on a suspected nuclear plant in Syria.
In 1981 Israel destroyed Saudi Moussains Iraqi nuclear reactor and as the sole of fund declared nuclear power in the region now considers Iran the most serious threat to its security.
Mr. Ahmedinajad is called for Israel to be wiped off the map.
Wipe it clean baby, get some shaman and wipe that baby clean, what he said.
Efram in bar of the Began set out center for strategic stuff.
Oh and yesterday I watched and CNN in the afternoon, excuse me for doing it, and there's a story about something about the Middle East and Wolflet's free is on there with Jack Caferdi.
And if you could have heard Wolflet keeping in line that he used to be the head of the, what's the name of that pack that was actually?
What is it? He is really lobby.
Right.
A pack.
What over that is yes.
It was. How it is?
You're what?
The American Israeli political action commandeer.
That's what it is.
And Wolflet's Greek was the chairman of it, the head of some title. He was the big shot.
And now he comes on there with something and the way he twisted the story until then, and of course I knew where he was going with it.
And I was just saying they're waiting to see him twisted and tilted. You know, and he did. He twisted it and tilted it and the story too.
Efram in bar of the Began set out center for strategic studies and television said that the figure of 3000 centipages with signal the ability of Israel's archfot of producing nuclear material needed for a warhead.
I wouldn't be surprised if we knew something at the international community leaves us alone. He said, I think Israel is preparing for it for Israel.
This is a critical technological moment.
Iran says it plans to expand its enrichment program up to 54,000 centipages in the Ponds and Central Iran, which would amount to industrial-scalier uranium enrichment.
Mr. Ahmed Inajad, speaking at a rally, too, they said that UN sanctions have failed to halt uranium enrichment.
The world must know this nation will not give up one eye out of its nuclear rights. If they think they can get consistent from this nation, they are badly mistaken.
He was runn't seen crappy outfit, by the way.
He has in the past claim that Iran succeeded in installing the 3000 centipages at its uranium enrichment facility, but yesterday speech was the first time it said all of them were now operational.
The IAEA recently put the figure closer to 2000, with another 650 to be attested.
In London, at least five members of the Common Foreign Affairs Committee were refusing to take part in a plan trip to Iran, arguing that would hand the regime a propaganda coup.
The visit schedule would begin the Sunday, which would be the first by select committee since 15 British service personnel were held in March.
That incident evidence that the regime is supporting insurgencies in Afghanistan and Iraq, and planning to build a nuclear bomb has strained relations with Britain.
About eight MPs from all three main parties are still planning to spend four days in Iran next week, and maybe some of them might come back.
Eric Yolsley, a labor MP, is one of those who have pulled out said,
I don't really fancy having pictures of me next to an Iranian nuclear facility being around the world. He doesn't fancy it.
Intelligence agencies began to pet all four in postgraduate, supplying to study sensitive, scientific subjects in Britain.
The aim is to prevent Iranian students getting expertise and fields relating to producing weapons of mass destruction.
60 Iranians have been refused to university places in Britain this year.
I know what Gordon Brown said about the Iranians.
Humbmann Draury is what he said, which I thought was a little over the top.
How about that? But very honest anyway. Humbmann Draury.
Pretty good for goyem, huh?
See, one thing about New York City, because of three million Jews there, even the goyem, know a lot of Yiddish. Most of them.
It's called survival. You know, when you're surrounded by it?
And so I can self-floor it, if you want to survive. You got to know like a little esponial, like that.
Right? You got at least no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
names. Do a fine job on a show, though everybody says, what, that Chris has already owner
hell of a job. What I hope so. No, they won't say that where it is. Oh him. Try to give you a little a
little something. An I don't thank you, a little positive stroke. I think I may have
me a negative stroke soon anytime soon. Yeah, it's like the worse lives. Public housing
dwellers, one, 76 smokers, one, 54 trader park, trash one, 46, and the homeless one, 211 everybody else
They're just a bunch of pikers.
One of these names.
The best out of two real Rogers.
4.5.60.QAM.
Thanks.
For its leader.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Well, I never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've been doing the round things today.
Now it's a classic set of wheels, fixed up, the wheel of a world-wide deal.
Oh, right!
Now we've been keen in China, and the dream is cold, and the stars of the sea are causing
to handle the quick-carry yope.
No, baby.
Open up for not a very charity, baby, baby.
No, baby.
China, little village, little city, the sea, the emphasis, red ship.
Now it's the one bounce down the road, and a big daddy's super-power.
Now it's the hardest stop, the big deal, so they'll get around the beach in the praise.
A 1979 pom-pom-catalena.
Showed a goodbye, now it's my baby catalect.
Come, baby.
Open up for not a charity, charity, baby, baby.
No, baby.
China, little village, little city, the sea, the sea.
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
Hey!
I got my windows down, not a heart of a day, because the AC don't work no way.
This way the pressure of all seats sucks the smell that gets the tussling work in over time.
Now my baggy new band, the China Grandiffs, no laglie, thanks my comic-john and two-pursuvey Washington with all the road.
No more baby.
Open up for not a charity, charity, baby, baby.
No, baby.
I love shopping, we was going over Steve Fox and Chris.
Stop baby.
Fresh for no interior, you'll be fancy to be, baby, just stop baby.
Hey!
Hey!
From 020560 to WDQ, now I don't know is it just me or is it a lot of people when you watch all this and send me that's going on?
I go over in Pakistan where they're all running around and they're dressed in these bizarre, well at least to watch their bizarre.
The more bizarre the way I dress, doesn't that kind of like add to the lunacy of all of it?
It makes it look funnier.
Yeah, there were those smatters, those jammies, those night shirts.
What are those?
I don't know, night shirts.
Nightcowns?
Okay.
Kind of like, oh there's Benizio Vuto, she's under house arrest by the way, they're not found, this must be old footage.
They're not letting her out of the house.
Remember Alistair Sim in Christmas Carol?
Sure.
And he had the head at night to shirt, whatever that like a nightcown.
That's right, with a cap.
Right, like that, like a capola.
Yeah.
Oh boy, it's really something to watch what the world is all about.
They ain't a pretty picture, let me tell you right now.
So I have a good time, enjoy every second of it and then everyone up your eyes and weep.
Oh, you're a weep when you hear this.
What you want, but I mean just, it just fascism is what it's all about.
A growing number of companies in Florida are forbidding their workers from smoking.
Not only at work, but also in their private lives.
How do you like that?
Oh my god.
Yeah, that's been going on.
Well how about can they do that?
It's like saying you've got a wipe with your right hand or your left hand or you've got to use a shaman or...
Well what is that?
Westgate resorts the largest private employer in central Florida, has banned smoking and won't budge from a policy of not hiring smokers and firing employees who do smoke.
When I found out it was legal to discriminate against smokers, I put the policy in place Westgate president and CEO David Siegel said,
Hey David, boy!
Siegel told locals six in Orlando that the policy was prompted by the death of his close friend, heavy smoker without a cancer.
See that? What he's doing is he's trying to...
And we like outlying food from being in the building there are QA and because you had fat friends who died.
See what I'm saying?
Same thing.
Central Florida and Ava Bryant said she was called by recruiter for Westgate and told not to come in for an interview because Westgate won't hire... he will not hire smokers.
I call it discrimination Bryant said, I'm not an avid smoker or a constant smoker, just as I smoke.
Sometimes I may pick up a cigarette and smoke.
But local six reporters Steven Cooper reported that Westgate sometimes is one time too many.
And we read that very well at Westgate sometimes means one time too many. In other words, once is one time too many.
This is written very poorly, but what do you expect from Channel 6 in Orlando?
Siegel said his policies cost effective and said since it went into effect health insurance claims have gone down significantly, making insurance more affordable for employees.
The concern for privacy groups is that policies could extend beyond health issues. Why should non-smoker sympathize with the U-Couple-Ras Bryant?
Because then if it's not for the smoking, maybe something else that may infringe on their rights, Bryant said, so how are you going to go with it?
Like if... careful.
Well, no, it's chopped off here.
Like you wear something or you're not going to hire you because you wear pants?
I see. Like if you wear pants. Like a woman.
Anything we can do that is legal and not just go to an editorial, we will do a civil.
If you're not calling, we have the right to fire you will do so.
This sounds like discrimination Cooper said. Sure sounds like it to me.
Well, I'm saying that anything that is not discriminatory, Siegel said if it is, we can't do very much about it.
Local 6 video tapes of Westgate employees living in the building and smoking in nearby strip mall.
Uh-oh! Siegel said that if these smokers are found out, they'll be disciplined and assisted to quit smoking.
And then maybe they'll get shot too.
Siegel said when the non-smoking policy initially went into effect, he gave employees here to stop smoking.
An opportunity to receive counseling, patches, and other cessation programs.
The patch.
The patch, my ass. Patch, my ass.
You idiots.
Hey David, Cox, a hoist baby.
Let me see, I just don't like that. I hate it, of course.
The fact that they work for you, that means you have the right to regulate what they do outside the workplace.
How does that affect them? That work.
All depending on what they're smoking.
It's the insurance thing. They understand the insurance industry.
Yeah, I go with everything.
So they can pay their own insurance.
They do anyway.
They do?
It's not free. I mean, maybe the company has matches or else a little bit.
I don't have insurance in this place. I can't afford the insurance in this place.
What does that mean?
The work insurance that's available through work is beyond my budget.
So I have that cheapo outside insurance.
And they don't take care of you?
What do you mean they take care of you? Yeah, they take care of me. All right, it still hurts.
In other words, they stick both feet deep inside your leg.
Backed them.
And then twist.
That's how they take care of you.
Sure.
That's your buddy, Fatt and Asti Alley Joe.
He never responded, although I said no response.
Yeah, whatever.
I never responded to my emails.
I said, that's fine.
Because Norm Kent is up there stoned in where I say he was.
Yeah.
Zero?
Somewhere up there, yeah, with a baseball.
Well, I would baseball guys be up there now in the 9th of November.
And zero beach.
Well, what were they doing?
They might be having like those, you know, one of the, one of the, around the old-timers camps.
Oh.
Oh.
That's a good way of putting it.
He said to me on the phone, Norm, this morning.
Do me a favor, talk to Tommy.
Say hi to Tommy John.
I don't know if he met on the phone or on the air or what, I don't know what he was talking
about.
And that made two of us, I'm sure.
Say hi to Tommy John.
This is my agent.
This is my life.
My future.
My existence as a human being on this planet isn't a hands of this goofball.
Say hi to Tommy John.
Maybe he was there next to Tommy John.
Maybe he was in the Tommy John.
I don't know.
Maybe he was in the John with, uh, Larry, uh, what's his name?
Craig.
Craig.
Craig.
God.
931 votes on the pool.
Our goal is 1100 a day on a beautiful Friday.
And we're going to make it.
Well, it's beautiful on the pool anyway.
Is it not?
The letter in yesterday's poised.
It was tragic.
And what did we get at the end of the show yesterday like nine?
Oh, we close to a thousand.
We had 950.
Licked.
The main chore yesterday was selling those hundreds of those 50 certificates.
And we did it.
Although there must have been some blowback there at the end because I noticed it says it took two hours and 55 minutes.
So there must have been one at the ass end and then it changed.
Do you know what I mean?
Remember that I'll bogus one, huh?
Never looked that up.
Look it up.
Go ahead.
Look it up, Mr. Hot Shot.
I looked at it last night.
In between the spray times.
I looked at it last night and it said, oh, two hours and 55 minutes.
I thought, well, maybe there was like one who was bogus and they had to recheck it.
Maybe some deadbeat body who didn't have a valid visa.
Wow.
Yeah, two hours and 55 minutes.
Yes.
And we thought it was 55 minutes.
Yeah.
Well, a little down.
A little down about it because we told everybody, hey, it's all sold out.
So somebody has stumbled across it and weren't they lucky?
Yes.
In April 1961, a young pilot named Rafael del Pino.
Fiercily fought at the Bay of Pigs against Cuban exiles who were trying to bring down Fidel Castro's regime.
46 years later, the Cuban Air Force general who defected with his family in 1987 is once again facing his adversaries from Brigade 2506 in Limey Federal Court.
Del Pino filed suit November 2 against the Bay of Pigs Veterans Association Felix Ishmael Rodriguez, the group's president.
And Esteban Bovo, Secretary and several Spanish-language media outlets in South Florida, charging that statements they made on talk show as violated his constitutional right of free speech.
Among those named in the Civil Action, Univision Communications, owner of Radio Station Radio Mam B and WQBA, the television station America Tavey, journalist Oscar Haza, producer Miguel Coseo, Coseo, and Radio Host Martha Flores.
The Civil Action asserts that defendants caused del Pino's severe emotional damage in a 14-page complaint del Pino was for unspecified compensation for the Army suffering a series of violent threats and intimidation.
The case was assigned the U.S. District Court judge or Salo Ungado Banaguis.
What?
In an email, del Pino declined to comment, referred questions to his lawyer Richard Burton, who did not return calls from El Nuevo Herald.
Del Pino 67 said the incidents began in June when opinion columns arose for El Nuevo Herald provoked criticism by members of brigade 2506 and by right-wing exiles who participated in local media shows.
The columns listed ideas and how to solve the differences between Cuba and the U.S. through dialogue and negotiation.
In September the complaint states, del Pino was subjected to a fictitious trial in a program on Channel 41 called I'm Mono Limpia.
What does that mean?
Clean hand.
Clean hand.
Conducted by
Haysa, and with the participation of three members of brigade 2506, he said a radio on B-host Flores declared openly on her show that del Pino should be executed for publishing his articles and letters.
Flores, who said she didn't know the lawsuits, the details said the only thing I can say at the moment is this isn't the kind of comment I would make.
On Haysa, the sublegis that the Dominican journalist and orist producer intentionally and maliciously altered a change to del Pino's comments during a September 12 program.
The brigade 2506 members, Channel 41's management and the intervention of all the client to comment, ever since he deserted an access to a 402 airplane along with his wife and three sons, del Pino was left no to U.S. protection where they hid an identity.
Wow. Maybe he's living out of the protection of Don Francisco on a West Coast with Frado.
You think? Could be? Wasn't it Don Francisco?
I think it was.
From a West Coast. Frado, he was banging cocktail which was his two-it-a-time customer couldn't get a drink.
Right, the players couldn't get a drink at the table.
You're all coming to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo' Green like that.
No, you talked to him like this.
Yeah, that's right, but I'm being right to the right islands.
That was great that he put on the glasses first.
Yeah, so you can see it coming.
It wouldn't have made a splash. It wouldn't have made such a big splash.
Yeah, yeah. So you can see the bill of...
Hey, what's that? What the bullet?
Yeah, I'm gonna put my glasses on and see what that projectile is coming to my...
Oh jeez, you're gonna think it was in focus.
Yeah.
Focus, focus. You don't know what that means in focus.
4.25.60.QAM.
Thanks.
4.0.
Riddians. Don Asdurch.
We're gonna live on computers.
We're gonna live on computers.
We're gonna live on computers.
We're gonna live on computers.
Right now, the night they wade so cool from the G.O.P.
To this old school who has a fioh handski.
To the middle street and sector in the blink-a-click.
And send them all on fire till they cut down from the heat.
Final and time of computers.
Absolutely.
Final and time of computers.
All right.
Final and time of computers.
Final and time of computers.
We've got a piece of it.
That's a winner that's the school you'll all choose.
Yeah.
Who has all of this? They don't want anyway.
It's not my crush, don't go back to the 1960s.
It's just me working for the Lego 10 Night Battle.
I know that time of the day.
We're gonna happen cheaply.
I know that time of fate will run into the villain.
I know that time of the year that I had no value.
I know that time of career.
They actually yes.
I know that time of socialismo.
I know the time of career in the east.
I know that time of fuckin you and youth.
I still say that could have been a hell of a show there were chicken I call them would have paid them but at least he could add some fine
You know right the moment he'll be sure with the two characters
Don't don't don't don't he then he invented based on two real life people are really worth that exciting to say the very best
Juliannie ally carrot indicted
Bernard Carrick the police commissioner under former you know something
You're all saying that the Republicans were said sorry would be the Democratic nominee. Yes my greatest hope
No matter who the democratic is that Rudy Giuliani
Okay, Republican nominee trust me. Mm-hmm. I believe it
He couldn't win a fixed which they specialize in he couldn't win a fixed election
No chance
Bernie Carrick the police commissioner under former mayor Rudy Giuliani who nearly became head of the whole line security department
Is surrendering authorities today to be read on criminal charges?
The federal law enforcement officials said prosecutors playing around so finally went and dominating as Kirk at a news conference today
The official spoke on condensed to man and then because of the secrecy of
Grand jury proceedings
Prosecutor has been presenting evidence to a federal injury and white planes for several months to consider charges against
Kirk including tax evasion and corruption a second person familiar with the investigation
So Kirk is gonna turn himself in this morning. Well, it's already afternoon. Oh, here's the effect
And I think it still remains to be see running up the campaign to actively seize on this and try and use it against Giuliani
But it would be good to move there. What's he gonna say? But I didn't know him that well. They are right. I didn't know no Godfather
Authorities have alleged that Kirk took tens of thousands of dollars in services from benefactors and never reported it as income
Earlier this year he rejected a plea deal and has attorney insisted he done nothing wrong
And indictment is the latest chapter of a downfall that began within days of charismatic nomination in 2004 to add the Department of Homeland Security
At the time he was billed by the former mayor is a known on-sense self-made law man who helped restore calm following the non-loving terrorist attacks
He's a known on-sense law man kind of like Marshall doing when you think I'd add it a
federal indictment of Kirk could complicate matters for Giuliani is the first presidential primary is drawn here
The X-Mayer frequently says that he made a mistake and recommending character be Homeland Security Chief
But that might not be enough to avoid the political damage of a drawn criminal case involving his one-time protege
Not to mention of course is 85 divorces and moving in with that gay couple and all of these
sort of things
During a campaign stop in Dubuque, Iowa yesterday
Giuliani was asked whether he still stands by Kirk he sidestep that question and said the issue has to be decided by the courts
A lot of public comment about it is inconsistent with it's getting resolved in the right way in the courts Giuliani said a
Former undercover police officer with a body-mode is physique and a neck for charming people in high places and a lot of fat on the back of his neck
Caracas since been hit with a string of relations about personal and professional
impertribes
His nomination was confronted with news reports about stock option windfalls
His connection with people suspect of doing business with a mob and overlapping if the marital affairs with two women
Judith Regan the publisher of his memoir and a city corrections officer
Lee A. Zanzi, Portley, Accurten and Department near ground zero that have been sent aside for rescue workers
Carrick 51, Emery, Discurrent wife in 1998 and has two children with her apparently became close with Regan while writing the lost story
In which he's describing abandoned by his prostitute mother when a prostitute how do you like that?
His prostitute mother
Carrick rose from comp to Giuliani's correction commissioner in the late 1990s from there
He began police commissioner later went to work in Iraq rebuilding the country's police force
Then came the failed Homeland Security nomination Democrats who opposed the nomination focused on carrots recent windfall from
Exercising stock options in a stung on company that the business with the department has taken was 6.2 million bucks
Days after President Bush introduced Carrick as his nominee Carrick announced he was withdrawing his name because of tax issues involving his former nanny
But by then state investigators already were aware of the expensive renovations done to his Bronx department in 1999
Including built in cabinets and a rotunda with a marble entryway the alleged the work was paid for by mafia connected builders who saw this help when the city contracts
Do you wish we had connections with mafia people? Oh, yeah
Well, I kind of sort of do in a very roundabout way. Well never let me want to use them
Giuliani was forced to testify before stake ran during the case that resulted in Carrick pleading guilty last year to accepting illegal gifts
While on the city payroll the police bar Carrick jail a spared Carrick jail time and preserved his new career as a security consultant
But his name was quietly removed from a downtown jail named in his honor and the state cases know where two brothers are on the
Construction from a flea non-killated charges. They lied to the grand jury about their relationship with Carrick in the past 18 months
A federal grand jury took up the tax case quizzing another parade of witnesses
They included a commercial real estate developer who picked up a $9,000 a month tap for luxury side
Upreach side apartment that Carrick lived in around the time we left the police department in 2001 the federal case also involved allegations that former
White Chester County DA
Janine Piro tried to recruit Carrick to leave drop on her husband whom she suspected of having an affair in 2005
The authorities have indicated that no charges would arise in the encounter earlier this year
Carrick had committed to work as a national security adviser and Guiana and Trinidad but had to pull out
Well, that's horrible when he had to pull out president Guyana said he didn't want either the company either country tainted by the corruption
allegations in the US wow he will not obtain
In Guiana Trinidad
As in Trinidad and Tobago where is the Trinidad Tobago down south or just north of South America? You know the chain of life? I am
What's that island were that eight minutes?
stations on 800 on they used to like blur out over a CKL that religious station like I don't know
Yeah, you do they have a can they have casinos there just north of Venezuela
Okay, then that little island about the size of a dog turd
Don't know come on you know it don't think about it
I mean no Google it. Oh geez
Check it out
You'll know immediately a rubla okay
Isn't that what I'm thinking of just I don't know if it's thinking of it in a way. I would know you're like Google a Rubin
See where he's here. I'm into a room. They got no sign or it is
Where is it down yonder north of Venezuela? Don't go to a caracters by no chance
Don't have to look up that fact. I wouldn't go anywhere Latin America. I don't know what that is
I don't want to sound like you know because we have so many Latin American people in South Florida
One of the reasons that they came to Florida is because they wanted to be out of Latin America right like all those people pouring across the
Mexican-American border what is it might get out of Mexico? There's still not out of Latin America if they're here
Oh good point excellent point
Oh house fire Rochester at RIT Rochester Institute Technology two students got killed in a fire
RIT I don't even know where the I mean I know it's in Rochester, but I'm a what is it?
I don't know what is an institute of technology. What does it mean like they have technical training that is correct
I mean I know it but it's just it's like when you were in high school and used to there were those of us who would take like regular
College prep classes and those who took shop right right you know, I mean by shop I took both un-up
You how do you do that? I got around
I got around
Take shop that means you like go in and
Dittle with equipment you know because you're too stupid to like passing wish and math and stuff like that
Is that what that means?
Generally speaking maybe it's a guy's it's just like working with their hands you know mm-hmm
I don't mind working with my hands it all depends on what I've heard the other end working on
The biggest name the best talent you know is me a project
The
Leder
Interrog
We're is no becoming
time will he be thin airs must still be fat but will he adopt a cat I don't think he'll
want to move back to Florida when new sixty-nine
door the door the door the door the door the door the door the door the door think you can
sand wichens, strengthen around in his underwear it's indicated worldwide on the satellite
or just still waiting for the beastlies to die will he be spending hopes of his time
lunch and at 4th vine keeping his time filled
rewriting his last will when the old sixty-nine
all right he's thinking he's gonna spend a lot of time in the town of oil and
was that too quick he'll be an old game show
oh
a must old dirty cranky girl with hot glue oiled in his shoe
the door the door the door the door the door the door the door the door the
will he retire or be on the air on sport hall radio
well he would not know of every young
buckle when new sixteen join boy
a beautiful woman by the way you see all she's out on your it's a say she'll be
back on the second the chick that's reporting from a Pakistan on CNN if you
got to see it in now yes yes it is we just seen the second and the left side
of the screen she'll be back if she ain't beautiful man then my taste in
women is very very bad I must be in the right all right check her out in a
second as soon as they get this jackass this is the good is heavy British
accent as soon as they get him off of there maybe they won't bring her back
and there she is where right there I'm looking there on the second
head of a sudden there she is on the left side of your screen there
the squatting down there not been a zero boot don't know that's what I'm
announcing oh yeah oh she's got a blue bra yeah she's got a pretty mouth
I didn't say she had a pretty mouth I said she's beautiful she's fine I'll do it
I'll do it right now server okay do it right now
and report from the Maricopa County Arizona Medical Center released today rules
the death of that woman who after she was taken into custody and finished the
sky harbor airport in September was an accidental hanging with contributing
factors including acute ethanol and prescription medication intoxication
a specific cause of Carol got bombs death was a fixie
by hanging the report says got bomb remember her no yes you do we have the
story she was on her way to an alcohol rehab facility in Tucson September 20
when she missed her connection and finished flew into a rage and was
directed by the police airports surveillance video showed her arrest as
police officer struggle a handcuff her and take her away she was accused of
disorderly conduct placed in a holding cell at the airport where she
continued to scream for several minutes after police left the room
shortly after she stopped screaming an officer found her unconscious
rest was when I'd be able to resuscitate her
her ass and now she's dead well she had a problem you know a substance problem
or as Benny him would say substance any him he should be dead and I'll tell
you also how to be dead is that guy that I couldn't think of his name the other
day and Chris found it oh I forgot a canton what is his name I forgot
the infomercial guy yeah you'll find it I have a brain of brain block a brain
fart in his name now Tudot Kevin Tudor no I have a word association thing I
think we're here Elliott Tudot which is so Canadian you know and I think
are Kevin Tudot they need to take him out baby in the back yard and spank him
whether it was phony infomercials but you know so much of what you see on tv
especially on Sunday Sunday is the day Sunday morning first you got all the
getchies on there the TV preachers with their phony baloney
raping the public begging for money and then you got the infomercials which most
of which are not all most of which are phony especially if Kevin Tudot is on
there now there's another one that heudowns with his I wonder if he has any
teeth left heudowns is on one of them and they're peddling some book about
medical cures and all this other crap say it's a mole crap
and I think the guy that's on there is like what is his name
um
Collins he used to be on the morning shows all the time Judy Collins years ago
I can't think of his first name not Dennis Collins he's still across the street
what is it Judy Collins yeah that's it
Joe Collins used to play first place for the ankeys
lots of fakers out there although I do love my uh my two things though
the one that makes the omelands which I have made I should get back to doing that
both both sides now the hope you love f.e
side to the other side
and what's yellow one is that the great oven we got what do we call that
I've the flavor the flavor the flavor way that's right I've used it for so long
I just take it for granted I use it virtually every day I love it good
and I like that pasta too but I can't think what's an invitation again dreamfield
yes is that it doing well look how pasta
as long as I live I'll never forget those idiots calling it well gee
Neil they must be paying you a fortune be plugging this stuff right
if only yeah yeah if only that's still be talking about it
I got to get some I used to have enough here to sink a battleship within
I ate it all because what the reason that that worked
it wasn't all that great with the blood sugar you know the sugar would go
gradually slowly more and more so than regular pasta not real bad
but it satisfied me you know I mean I get some low-carb sauce and make some of
that and I just slice up some weenies in it or whatever some meatballs
and it was good it would be satisfying for you I mean it took away it is
I'd eat all that crap you know I'm talking about the refined sugar the
refined carbs oh we're refined yeah I better get some
greenfield now priest accusers stalking Conan O'Brien was kind and caring
nothing like the obsessed man who allegedly told the late night talk show
host that he was tracking him through space and time his seminary mentor said
the Reverend David Aegemian a priest in the earth dies he's a boss and was arrested last week
while trying to enter a taping of late night with Conan O'Brien in New York
despite being warned to stay away by NBC security personnel
he was arraigned on charges including stalking and aggravated harassment ordered
held for psychiatric evaluation as in oh crazy priest couldn't be
Aegemian 46 was scheduled to appear in court Friday
oh here's Jeremy Wang with his loose wire block remind me to block block block
block okay tired of him hey Jeremy go up play with your Wang
Aegemian 46 was scheduled to appear in court today for an update on a case of
Jennifer Kushner oh I wonder if she knows uh my Kushner used to
bow cutner used to play for the hurricane you're what
Kushner and Taukes Jennifer Kushner spoke to the man
Hatton prosecutor's office as attorney Eric Sif I wonder if he knows Sif the knife
said a jeemian was being held at New York jail but declined to comment except
the sale will be worked on in court
Aegemian who allegedly began writing O'Brien in September 2006 has been placed
on leave by the Boston Arts and Ices and can't minister publicly
he was removed in June from his last posting at St. Patrick Piers in
Stonem after two years at the Piers does nothing he'd like to do in the bible is
if they're disobedient we stonem mm-hmm a spokesman at the art
Ices didn't respond to questions about whether the move was related to the
stalking allegations but on July the 2th a jeemian wrote security officials
that NBC questioning why you chose to raise this matter with my
superiors after I left you a queer message by phone several weeks ago
that I would cease all contact with the show according to court papers
in the same letter we called himself a stalker of a very different order than
the kind you're using to deal with and dared them to tell Conan about your
surveillance of me wow talk about sick
in a previous letter a jeemian expressed frustration to O'Brien he
had been denied to spot his audience after he'd flown to New York in the
living hope that you might find the acknowledgement of me wow sounds
off we gave to me yep it was the worst thing the most dangerous fans he wrote
you owe me a big you owe me big time pal he also told O'Brien he knew where he
lived and wrote remember Frank Costello once dog DeBullet in your building
and so can you a jeemian's seminary mentor the Reverend John Mark Hannon said
Thursday he believes the jeemian can still be a good priest if he receives
proper psychiatric health he can be a good priest we can always use a good priest
he was a good seminary and he was kind and generous and
affable and concerned how people were said Hannon who met her to jeemian before
graduated from St John's seminary in 2001 what movie was that from that line we
can always use a good priest I don't know
please you can what was it please no it was definitely not maybe it was from
the godfather but you remember how the sun became a priest that's right or maybe
was from I think about mass appeal he's very likeable Hannon and it's just
that he's stupid apparently well a jeemian the center for my time magazine
journalist Robert a jeemian attended Harvard at the same time O'Brien did a
jeemian graduated from Harvard in 83 a Bryan in 85 it was unclear if the two
crossed paths there O'Brien's roommate at Harvard the Reverend Paul O'Brien a
priest in Lawrence who was not related to Conan O'Brien to climb
coming used to hang out with the priest all the time wow
NBC said Conan O'Brien wouldn't comment on a jeemian well no doubt we
don't know why after graduating from Harvard a jeemian took a roundabout route to the priesthood
among his jobs is work in 1990 is a legal assistance the Massachusetts Bay
Transportation Authority the Mbata and also work as a teacher the MTA let's play
that by the Kingston Tree you don't have a deal will you ever return will you ever
return huh you don't have that through its song you do by the Kingston Treeel the MTA
one more than the Reverend Han and pastor at St Joseph the worker perish and
Hanson said a jeemian never spoke to a motto Brian and never gave any indication
about anything unusual happening his life he's not a dangerous person to
hand and said I still consider him a friend he said this is it will he ever return
these we can barely hear it try and insults in the course of our nation's
history the people of Boston is rarely bravely whenever the rights is managed in the
threat room today a new crisis has arisen the Metropolitan Transit Authority
but are known as the MTA is attempting to levied burdensome tax on the population in the
warm of a separate fair in the priest citizens hear me out this could happen to you
well
let me tell you what the story Charlie or the tragic and faithful
name he would tend to his life if this is why the family went to ride on the MTA
is that it will he ever return no one ever return no one ever return
to the MTA that's that's all you know what Charlie needed
it's for the feet it's for the feets that's where I got me some keats
I can say cleats what are the big friends what are our always everybody is
saying that now really yeah clings for the feets are
biggest name some fast talent he's new projects
the sports leader you
rankings for hold you as yeah we interrupt this program you want to hear for something that only
a few sick offense for holes in management are interested in health and coach cam can
can can gank hammer and john gun can gag hammer and swase is holding a press conference now in progress
We'll just have to work harder and give it a hundred percent. I'll take questions. I've got a question
You know your stink. Why do you always answer the same way?
I didn't like that question
Refraze it. Hey, what are you doing here? I'm with Kent states. I'm currently now you moron
I got to ask you a question. Okay
One whole summer and don't do
That's why it's more like that question
But you're holding
Let me see that sport whole guide to fantasy dating I'll take this
Anymore ain't
Don't taste me mo. Yeah, maybe you're right. Put it there. Jump
I
978 votes on the pool. Yes, so thousand was our goal is that what we said all along Chris. Yeah, yeah
So what are they singing the hall?
It's for the feet. He hits
Please for the feet. That's what I got me some feet as can say please
Please for the feet
Please for the feet. That's what I got me some feet as can say please
Please for the feet
He hits
Please for the feet. That's what I got me some feet as can say please
Please for the
He
One more time
That's what I got me some please as can say please all right for the feet
From 49 that's what it often specializes in the feats week after week one defeat after another
Democrats as King Bush no longer honors the right to dates to the Middle Ages
newly confirmed attorney general Michael McKasey will not remain in prison and Bush who views himself is having the nearly unchecked executive power of a monarch
Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa says
Are we just gonna have another attorney general?
It's just gonna cow-tow to the king the president. I'm sorry
I get those terms kind of confused here when I'm talking about Bush
I don't know if he's king or president Harkin told his colleagues from the Senate floor yesterday
According to the last attorney general Bush was king and maybe this one believes the same thing
He can do whatever he wants Harkin continued but even in 1215 the king of England was held at the standard of habeas corpus
I guess we want to turn the clock back to before the magna carda
Harkin spoke shortly before the Senate voted to confirm her case as attorney general after the nominee whether criticism of his refusal to declare waterboarding a legal torture
The Iowa Democrat criticized that position and the nominees be fused over coming to the notion that detainees and more on terror including American citizens
deserve habeas corpus guarantees which require that anyone in captivity be charged with a crime or released
We need an attorney general to tell this king that he's wrong and that the rule of law will apply and that the rule of law says
We will not torture Harkin said we will not like our enemies that will send a stronger signal to the world than anything else we can do
We will not be like our enemies
Bad reading locks. Excuse me. I'm getting a raspy throw. I think George is doing the one or two hours not
Just joking. Oh, that's a joke. I got another email. Yeah email from Jeremy Wang. Okay
Same well, I don't know. I don't read them. Oh, you know, it's like they move on stuff
I got no he's I get all those political things. I don't want it. I don't want it. I
Can read it, but I don't want it. You know, I mean nope. Just leave me alone. I'm not donating any money
I put all my efforts out here for a very low stipend
980 on Christmas pole. Okay, we had a thousand made whatever we get after that. It'll be like bonus time on a Friday
You don't you know, you don't get carried away. That's what I heard especially on a holiday weekend
Do you think anybody actually has off on Monday for veterans day?
Some people Google veterans day, please and see what it says
Look on Wikipedia. You know it will tell you huh are you kidding? Why I'm just gonna say a whole bunch of stuff about the history of it
You don't sound like a really good Googler to me. It's an American holiday honoring military veterans both a federal holiday and a state holiday in all states
It is celebrated on the same day is
Armistice day or remember and stay in other parts of the world falling on November 11th the anniversary of signing of the armistice and that ended World War 1
Why are you blind
But those are veterans day is largely intended to thank veterans for the service
If it's a federal and state holiday then people are a lot of people don't get to work federal employees don't work state employees
I mean we get holiday pay Monday. No
Yeah
How many sent how many sent would that be for Chris?
30 sent for you Mr. Hody about 30 sent a 50 sent for George
More than a hundred Stanford University students demonstrated yesterday against the decision to make former defense secretary down the Rumsfeld a visiting fellow
At the Hoover Institute amid campus discontent of a very simple US failings in Iraq war
To date nearly four thousand Stanford faculty students and alumni have signed a petition
We've been by a faculty member to reject Rumsfeld's appointment on September but John raisin
The institute director said Rumsfeld deserved the honor of being a distinguished visiting fellow
He's a fine fellow
Not to mellow, but he loves his jello
Donald Rumsfeld is a remarkable record of achievement raised in toldy Stanford faculty said it like it or not
He's had a distinguished career so did a doll Hitler
So did Mussolini
So did Moussy done
Rumsfeld twice served as defense secretary under President Gerald Ford and President George
W. Boyd she also served under President Richard Nixon and the House of Representatives as ambassador to NATO and is chief executive of two fortune 500 companies
The concern with Rumsfeld is that he might be distinguished for the wrong reasons that David Spiegel a
Professor in the Department of Psychiatry and Behavioral Sciences the fact that he's available for this appointment speaks to his difficulties
The position does not require residency in the San Francisco area one of the hotbeds of anti-Rakwar sentiments since Bush lost the war that
Coupled saw to mousse saying if you consider his entire career you could make an argument for the title of the distinguished at Deborah Sats and
Associate Professor in the Department of Philosophy
But really we're talking about the last six or seven years and I think across the board
He has been an incompetent secretary defense she be saying Deborah Sats
All the names in there all Jewish you know, sir I
Had not I just noticed that well
I think there's a lot of closet you but they haven't changed their names yet
You know me mm-hmm they better start thinking about it with all the self-hating Jews
We've got like David Horowitz and like a lot of these other ones like Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz and these other neo-cons
We're all suffering from a big con job by the neo-cons
Okay, by the self-hating lunatics and self-hating fags like man colder and misfudge and the whole bunch of them
Not to mention Carl Rove that one
984 we need 16 more for a thousand and after that we'll see we'll see just how nice they want to be to us today, you know
Because it's always a real big feather in our camp if we get like a really big number on there. They believe that don't they
I don't we get graded on it. We get like we get written up if we get like under a thousand
You don't what believe it?
You think I do no you think they do no maybe some of them do you never know they believe almost anything some of these people out there
Maybe I do this Neil really hates the the Neil Moe really feuding or is that just radio?
So I don't know Jesus fact people would ask you that
They ask me kind of stupid things all the time well there you go. It's all stick to them
So you take pretty much anything they do
Who are the worst slabs? That's our poor question. No stick about that baby
Public housing dwellers 191
Smokers 159 69 once excuse me
trailer park dwellers 160 the homeless 127
Teenagers 105 voters 78 sports spectators 69
Deirdrinkers 40 Florida key residents 34 and auto repairmen get a bum rap out of 984
They got 11 votes and like I said, I mean that's part of their job, you know like guys who clean out septic tanks
They don't look too neat either when they're going down in there
Yeah, are they going down in there? They don't go in there. They do they do well
It depends on what's going on but there are divers as you know that oh my god the dive in with septic tanks have to do these things
Yeah, especially the water treatment plot
You know you see the water treatment plants and everything they're always getting clogged up for something's going on in those giant tanks
So the divers have to go into the sludge and feel their way around
Wow, I know what the problem is and in order to do that they can't wear gloves or they sometimes don't oh
They can't wear gloves that father used to be one of those people
Rest in peace
What's he got he didn't that's not what killed him my mom did well
That goes without summer 95 on a pool by the way. We're really kicking some ass
The one to two hour five six
D you gotta be effing kidney radio presents another channel changing management pleaser. Oh Jay and Danny
Yo, don't you feel Jamie governor and I'm Danny canal all of game yesterday, huh? Yeah, what a game
Go to office been a big fan all my life
You know, they are they are lost the game, but we'd be done gotten something right with the cleats
Yeah, depending on the field condition. You need the right cleats the cleats
David critical in the big deal of our game, but and that mean it is what it is
I thought they handled the ball really better with the right cleats
So that mean they could run with the ball really well. Yeah, really well. Yeah, they ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it
The ball really well. Yeah, they ran it really well
We need a ball ball. Oh, oh
Something but I do believe they really played well. Yeah, they played really well
Well, you know when they got the one edge cleats instead of a three-colder inch cleats
It really better, but they couldn't go up with the cold of inch cleats, you know, you gotta have the right cleats
Yeah, you got something to say. I hear this up by five six seven eight nine ten. Oh
Yo, what is this? You getting your checks from the dolphins or something which was all this game worship
Hey, no, I mean there's more important things going on than the garbage you're putting on the air
You know like it too now I say too
You don't better listen right Danny that will manage been says right now whereas like I was a saying about the cleats
Yeah, um the cleats um that guy was wrong
Cleats are very important. You got the big cleats smoke cleats that cleats didn't cleats
Shope cleats tall cleats
Cleats for the feet
Cleats for the feet. Yeah, that's what I got me some
I'll kind of clean that's the cleats for the feet cleats cleats cleats cleats cleats cleats as can say cleats
Oh, I'm just playing that all day every night. You hear it. You will
And once in a great while
Just for variety because we don't want to be pundits, you know
Just for I'll find it here in just a second
Like I said take it down through one of these
Yeah like that
Anyway, it's 103 at 560 WQM the only place in America where you'll find cleats food of feats
We have 995 on the uphole 96
996 or keep your eye on it. Let me know when we get to a thousand 997
997 he's he's got his thumb on it baby. Chris is right on top of it
Don't forget to go see George tomorrow night between 911 and 3 to kill a ranch
So the Corona light Elimination Fuzball Final did you talk to your friend Lee about this because I noticed he never sent a corrected one like you know
No goodly on the lazy side maybe. I just need to do all read around it
I'll read around it. Yeah, round and round. Round about
Jank you, but I hope I pronounced his name right keep forgetting and that's how he pronounced his name
He writes good stuff. This is very usually very short
He says the New York Times is reporting that MSNBC might be headed in a more progressive direction
Well, I'm sure as a and he says it's about damn time. I was just thinking the same thing took the words right off of my page Jank
60% of the country has been waiting for this for about 10 years
Thank God overman snuck past the old guard and helped to change the face of television
The next issue is who do they hire?
Press report say it might be Rosie O'Donnell
To say that I'm equivocal about that is a significant understatement
Rosie was great and challenging conventional wisdom on the war and many other issues when she was on the view so god bless her for that but
On the other hand, I'm not sure she's really the spokesperson for the level headed
Alchron knowledgeable progressive voice in the country
There's the 911 conspiracy stuff that no mainstream progressive believes in and her style is not exactly cool headed
Do we really want Rosie representing our point of view? God forbid
I really feel bad and even bringing any of the stuff because she has the times for a good fight when almost nobody else on TV would
It's not that I don't appreciate her contribution to conversation
It's that the next progressive host on cable news has to be good really really good
We need someone who's going to be smart on top of the news and beyond reproach and someone who we know can handle the position and bring in good ratings in this format
I would love to say that the right person for the job is one of the progressives
I know either at error America or the liberal blogosphere and all of these people are incredibly capable
And with the terrific job of giving the opportunity Rachel Maddowce a Sam Sater Tom Hartman among many others come to mind
Maybe even a non-host like Josh Marshall or Jane Hampshire
I'm also tempted to nominate Jack Kafferty as a possibility even though he isn't a progressive
Because he is so clearly taken on the Bush administration in a sane and rational way last couple of years
We got a thousand two votes and Chris didn't say a word schmuck. I was letting you finish your story
No, you can interrupt when we get to like something major development some breaking news breaking news
Okay a thousand four
That's enough
Breaking news
Anyway, Jank says but ultimately I think MSNBC's already got there man
MSNBC correspondent David Schuster is obviously bright completely burst on the facts up on the news and capable of bringing a
Simpherst sensible point of view to MSNBC
He's been terrific last few times he filled in for the other hosts is already in house
I would imagine he'll cost a lot less than a big name host like Rosie O'Donnell
It's my belief that he'd be a voices sanity on the air at a good fit for the network
In the interest of full disclosure
I'm not a way to depend on that Schuster was on earlier this year
But I don't know I'm personally at all. I'm not sure that we talk more than a minute outside of that panel
I have no vice-interest in getting in the job in fact
I hope my agent is busy lobbying for me instead
But this moment is much larger than anyone person after so many years of a conservative monopoly on the TV airways
The next non-conservative choice for a host position on cable news is up for a tremendously important position
If there are two successful non-conservatives on the airways, there will likely be 10 more
We need this to be a trend and out of temporary effort that's thwarted by an unwise or unrepresentative choice
There's no way I can be sure that Schuster is absolutely the right person for the job. Even chairs most of my views
I'm subjecting him just on the few appearances I've seen
But based on how he's performed as a host and correspondent before I have hope that he could be the person that can do the job and do it right
David Schuster, maybe he's the great white hope
Says jank youger
What do you jank? Thank you?
You don't know who that is. You said thwart. No you explain that before. I said what? Thwart
Thwart thwart
You said thwart
Fourth fort
What does that mean?
You said it. You don't know what it means
Fort
Fort
You know
You're
T-H-H-W-A-R-T
You were put in the heart so it's wrong. You want to thwart?
Yeah, what's wrong with thwart?
I'm in my favorite words. Did I make it up? No, no
I'm either what the word or a thwart. I'd rather be vexed. Well, here you go. We're confounded
One thousand five votes on the is Slavio pool
How come we're not seeing a lot more about OJ? Thank God
Let us know what he's dead. Okay. That's my comment about him. Let us know what he's dead
So we have a party
Calls when the party starts, okay?
Like mo green
Why should I play that in a long time long overdue?
Do you know who I am? No, I'm mo green. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
oops
The good news workers are calling in sick less often than they did just a decade ago. The bad news
Women
Are still absent early twice as often as the male counterparts in the workplace
It's been a perpetual problem women tend to call in sick more often than men
But the why even though you may think you know the answer isn't that clear cut nor should it be
The obvious answer from human resource experts and lawyers and lawyers and even us in the media is always that working moms
Have most of the responsibilities at home and that translates into female employees having to take six days attended to sick kids
Indeed new labor department data shared with MSNBC seems to support this to a degree but
Both married and unmarried women with children report a higher rate of absence than those without children since turns
Macmaneman with the department's Bureau of Labor Statistics among single dads the absentee rate is also higher than the rate for men without children
What's interesting? McKinley. I'm at whatever the name is points out is that married men with the kids actually before a lower rate of absence is then no without children
It was so surprising to this labor debt expert that he checked back to 2000 and found of the trend is consistent for the past six years
Before you patch yourself on the back to have against the child rearing is what many women call in sick
Macmaneman suit surmises there must be many other factors contributing to the highway among women
Even among people have no children homey ads the report absence rate is higher among women than among men
Making assumptions in a while women call in sick and be detrimental the advancement of women in the workplace is Eric Patton
An assistant professor management at St. Joe's University in Philadelphia
As part of his research and how workplace absences perceived Patton's studies centuries worth the New York Times articles
That dealt with the issue. We found three thousand articles on the topic
Whenever was an article about women's absenteeism it was about gender if it was about men and absenteeism
Gender wasn't brought up. He says the focus on gender
He has this created a situation where co-workers and managers expect women to be absent more often and that in turn
Can create an air of unreliability around female employees
Patton and his co-author Gary John's found that an elevated absentee rates for women couldn't be fully explained by health by family or job issues
Instead the researcher postulated that social expectations have created an absence culture for women that may be a factor
This absence culture for women that they partially that made partially to legitimize absenteeism for the scoop and
Attenduate perceptions of deviant surrounding women's absence
Well, what a tenuate perceptions of deviant surrounding women's absence? Wow is right. Say it five times fast
No
pleats for defeats
At the same time such an absence culture regardless of what it leads to racial higher absentees and for a particular woman may also be harmful to women other ways
This goes on this is one of the most pseudo intellectual articles I have ever torn up on the air wow
How do you like that? There is Bernie Kerrick and Rudy Giuliani kissing his ass look at that. They're in like an ellip lock
allegations that Kerrick lied. Oh my god. He just loved them loved him loved him loved him loved him just like I was his name the
The guy with the seven of them
What does that wait brides?
Well, brides
2007 votes on a pool the biggest labs public housing the
dwellers
196
I remember when they first I'm not gonna say it
I
Remember when we first had that area in Miami called little Haiti in the world
Viper boxes out there on the lawns, you know, we try to tell people. You know, throw your garbage out on the lawns
Don't probably let me go to do remember those days. Yeah, I did. I don't know if those boxes are still sitting there
Maybe maybe the same ones from back then
Later it's Friday
You
From the old school
Those who's in the
For
The last time I heard whining like this is when I told a hooker I only had five bucks
The only time a player should win is when he runs out of beer
Other than that
Big hairy three hundred town babies
For my
But your whining colors
My
We
We
We did not agree with old school for
For
He said buck up just in case you were a little bit confused there. I just want to clarify his a little bit muffled him like that
You know, he didn't say it's fall the
Feet oh no, we said it's you didn't say that there's that the chicken game from Pakistan
I sure hope they don't blow her up
And
He's got that hilly
Thank you for your report and you look so wonderful today
2014 votes on a pool anybody any interest we're not gonna make 1100. That's all right. I wish christwin to send that I'm sorry
I don't believe it. You're not learning. You're supposed to learn I thought I learned yesterday
Although, you know in my case I never learned so you know
I'm gonna how old you are you never learn just keep nope plugging away and trying and trying desperately
And George keeps telling me things and I hope he's wrong man. I hope you're wrong me too
But I know that you know better. I'm going through it. So you're going through what life? Yes
Paul Krugman says healthcare excuses in his common the times today
He says the US spends far more on healthcare for person than any other nation
We have a lower life expectancy than most other rich countries
Furthermore every other advanced country provides all citizens with health insurance only in America is a large fraction of the population
Uninsured or under insured only in America wonder if George has your Jane Americans
Only in America. Well, that's a great song. Remember Jane the Americans they black
Yep, you got it. Look and only you got to have that
No, probably you don't have that no, I'll get it. Oh
The shame
Paul says you might take that these facts that make the case for major reform of America's healthcare system
Before never involved one another things learning from other countries experience irrefutable instead
However
Apologence for the status quo operate variety of excuses for our systems miserable performance
So I thought it would be useful to offer catalog of the most commonly heard apologies for American healthcare
And the reason they won't wash excuse number one no insurance no problem
I mean people have access to healthcare in America said president Bush a few months ago after all you just go to an emergency room
He was widely mocked for his cluelessness. He had many apologies for the healthcare system in the US. He's almost equally clueless
We're told for example that there really aren't that many uninsured American citizens because some of them
Ensured are illegal immigrants while some of the rights aren't actually entitled to a medicare or actually entitled to a medicate
This misses the point that the 47 million people in the country without insurance are an ever changing group
So that the experience of being without insurance extends to a much broader group
In fact more than one and every three people in America under the age of 65 was uninsured at some point in 2006 or 2007
Oh and finding out that you're covered by Medicaid when you show up at an emergency room isn't at all the same thing as receiving regular medical medical care
Beyond that a large fraction of the population about one and four non-niloverly Americans according to a consumers report survey is
Underinsured with coverage so meager they often postpone medical care because of costs
So yes, lack of insurance is a very big problem a problem that reaches deep into the middle class
Excuse number two. It's the cheeseburgers
Americans don't have a bad health system said the apologies. They just have bad habits
Overedding in teenage sex not the huge overhead of America's private health insurance companies
The US spends almost six times as much on health care administration as other advanced countries other source of our problems
There's a great attruth to this claim bad habits may partially explain America's lower life expectancy
But the big question is why we have lower life expectancy than Britain, Canada or France
It's why we spend far more on health care without getting better results
And lifestyle is not the explanation the most definitive estimates such as those of McKinsey Global Institute say that
Diseases that are associated with obesity and under lifestyle related problems play at most a minor role in high US health care costs
Excuse number three
2007 is better than 1950
This is an argument that baffles me but you read all the time when you point out that America spends far more on health care than other countries
But gets worse results the apologies say sure we spent a lot of money on health care
But midfair is a lot better than it was in 1950. So it's money well spent. Huh? Huh?
He writes
It's as if you like to a steward of my DVD player in the salesman totally not to worry about the fact that his prices are twice those of his competitors
After all the machines I'm off or at his to our lot better than they were five years ago
It isn't other words an argument that makes no sense at all yet respectable economists make it with a straight face
Excuse number four socialized medicines socialized medicine with exclamation points really juliennes fake numbers on prostrate cancer prostate
Which by the way he still refuses to admit were wrong were the latest entry in the long desirable traditional peddling scare stories about the evils of government run health care
The reality is that the best foreign health care systems especially those of France and Germany
You as well are better than the US system on every dimension while costing far less money
But the best way to counter scare talk about socialized medicine aside from swatting down falsehoods would journalists
Please stop saying that Rudy's claims which are just wrong are in dispute
Maybe to point out that every American 65 and orders covered by government health insurance program called medicare and Americans like that program very much
Thank you
So now you know how to answer the false claims you'll hear about health care and believe me you're going to hear them again and again and again
And I think one of the ways to avoid serious injuries is to where it's fall the
No matter where you go you think I know said can't hoi
Can't hoi
22 past what a QA M everybody all weekend is going to be singing that cleats for the fine. Oh, I am
Oh all day
Every time it not just going to the charbucket anywhere near it. I'm going to be singing it
and at bit two a
Record number of Americans say that most members of congress do not deserve to be reelected according to a new
CNN opinion research corporation pool all the pools all the time a lot of pooling going on as I'm sure you know
You can almost smell it
Democrats fair better than Republicans who are the poll released today if the elections for congress were held today
Democratic candidates would get 53% of the vote and Republicans will get 42
Party affiliation aside 2008 could be a rocky year for incumbents
While overshadowed now by the race for the White House to battle for control of Congress will heat up next year
53% of those surveys said that most members of congress don't deserve to be reelected
The highest figure since the question was first asked in 1991 except for one downturn in October
2004 those numbers have been rising continue to go up and up and up
since April 2002
Americans think more highly of the lawmaker representative than but 39% say the own member of congress is not to
Zero re-election that view is also a record high since the pooling began on that question in 1991
Broken down by party GOP lawmakers received less support for election from the public than Democrats
The public seems to be concentrating its wrath on the GOP only 38% believe that most Republican members of congress deserve re-election
But 50% say that most Democrats in Congress deserve to be reelected said Keating Holland see then's pooling director
Last year voters gave the Democrats control on both houses of Congress for the first time since 1994
But they're leaders tenuous the Senate is split 40 to 9 49
But thanks to the supportive two independent senators who rely themselves with Democrats the party holds a razor thin
The 51 to 49 edge in the Senate the House to lead this slightly larger with the Democrats holding a 30
seat margin
You know what that means?
We're sick and tired of all the creeps, but you know something the choices always you want this quicker that crook number a or crook number b
You know, that's what it is
You want to read a malignant party or the less malignant but a wimpy and ineffective party
It's have a party call a party starts
Mo green
You don't come to Vegas and talk to a man like Mo green like that
I think that's how we're afraid of really butchers up in it. Mm-hmm
That's it. It was crazy a lot, you know most of the time we think him sitting in the boat with Anthony
Can read he'll marry full of
Full of crap. Oh geez not another one. Here's another one for you. That's what Bernie gets it. It's right off
Come a style, Fredo
Still dead
John Cassel I can't believe I remember his name very good
Maybe a moment just a brief moment of clarity for the old man John Cassel and of course he was also great in
What you call it?
Addica
And that would be a bit full to take some day Alpacino's greatest rule
Okay
Now let me know. I just warned you right. I think we've already done that don't say
If you say in that movie, I'm gonna puke
Remember and you want warn me and I don't think I ever will good don't do not see that the scent of woman. It stinks
Wow, I'm not talking about the woman. I'm talking about that movie. I'm talking about the whole thing and that whole
Corny overactive true about that isn't his worst performance. I can't even begin to imagine what might be because just
30 years for overacting is what I'm thinking
1026 on the floor we're going for 1050 and that sound good Chris
Sounds good to me. We're going for 1050 and we'll exceed it big time
We want a million dollars for each vote after 1050
Friday you
Please
By
you
This is the battle for the city of Nathana.
Hold it, hold it, you!
This is the Anthony.
Anthony, the Rancy.
The battle for the city of Nathana.
The battle for the city of Nathana.
Anthony!
Who that hold?
Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it.
The battle for the city of Nathana.
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
You be bolded, so be bolded.
The battle for the city of Nathana.
The battle for the city of Nathana.
Hold it, hold it, hold it.
I try it with a good buck.
Buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck, buck.
We are the kids.
We are the kids.
Okay, we are ready to apply a 50 W2M on a great Friday, man.
Things are coming up, they smell like roses.
1031 on a pool, I think we will make our 1050.
1050 Chum Turano, 1050 WMG and New York WHN.
All these things.
Ron Rosenbaum, I don't know if this has been on here for days.
I have had my pond never got around a reading.
I don't know why.
Why didn't I read it?
Well, I haven't been on a lot.
I have had issues.
By the way, I just had a phone call from the furniture store
and that new bed will be delivered upstairs tomorrow.
Okay.
Between noon and three.
Is that great?
So it's a good thing that the old bed guy
who angsted out of there this morning when it was open.
It's part of the content and people are wondering,
what is this man talking about?
And my comment is, none of your business.
All of these things.
Yeah, I'm just, you know, I'm just like,
I'm letting out a little personal business there.
There's nothing wrong with that.
And tomorrow I don't have to worry about having to interrupt the show
and saying, oh gee, I better go up and see if that,
if anybody's up there because they're here with the new bed.
You know what I mean?
Right.
Of course, I don't have the key anymore anyhow,
but I'll just break the door down.
Just in case.
So Ron Rosenbaum on RonRosenBomb.com writes,
shocking inside DC scandal,
Ramray, media ethics dilemma, Dalima.
So I was down in DC this past week
and I happened to run to a well-connected media person,
who told me flatly, unequivocally,
that everyone knows the LA Times
was sitting on a story all wrapped up
and ready to go about what is a potentially devastating,
sexual scandal involving a leading presidential candidate.
Everyone knows many, everyone in the DC mainstream
media political reporting world,
sitting on it because the paper couldn't decide the complex ethics
of whether and when to run it.
The way I heard it, they'd had it for a while,
but don't know what to do.
The person who told me, not an LAT person,
not an LA Times person, knows I write
and didn't say no right about this.
If it's true, I don't envy the LA Times.
I respect their hesitation, their dilemma deciding to run
or not to run, it raises a lot of difficult journalist's
methods, questions, and they're likely to be attacked
when it comes out.
The story or their suppressed of the story, whatever they be doing.
I've been sensing hints that something's going on,
something's going on, spoken in certain insider coverage
of the campaign, and by the way, this rumor
the LA Times is supposedly sitting on
is one I've never heard in a specific form before.
By the way, it's not the Edwards rumor, it's something else.
Wow.
And when my source said everyone in Washington knows about it,
he means everyone in the elite mainstream media,
not just the LA Times, but everyone regularly
writing about the President's campaign, knows about it,
and doesn't know what to do with it.
And I must admit really, it was juicy of true.
But I don't know if it is true, and I can't decide
if I think it's relevant.
But the fact that everyone in the elite media knows about it
and was keeping silent about it is itself news,
but you can't report the news without reporting the thing
itself, troubling.
Troubling.
You're following this or you're getting confused.
No, I'm not.
You're not.
Why?
On texting people.
And seeing that pain attention to me, Chris,
actually it's like the email technically speaking.
I don't care what you do.
All right.
It raises all sorts of ethical questions.
What about private sexual behavior as relevant?
What about marriage belongs in the coverage of a presidential campaign?
Does it go to the judgment of the candidate in question?
Didn't we all have a national nervous breakdown over these questions
nearly a decade ago?
Now, as I say, it's a rumor.
Right, Romero's and bomb, who sounds extraordinarily Jewish to me.
I haven't seen this important evidence,
but the person who told me said it offhandedly
is if everybody in the world knew about it.
And if you look closely enough, you can find hints of something impending,
something potentially deraiding to this candidate
and reporting of the campaign, which could mean that something unspoken
on written about is influencing what is written while we read.
Why are well-wired media elite keeping quiet about it?
Because they think we can't handle the truth?
Because they think it's substantively irrelevant?
What standards of judgment are they using?
Are they afraid it'll bring on a program?
Are they afraid that not printing it will bring on a program or both?
What alas, if it leaks out from less responsible sources,
then all their contextual protectiveness of us will have been wasted.
And what about timing?
They, meaning the DC-Ali media must know if it comes out before the party select their primary winners
and eventual nominees, voters won't have the ability to decide how important
they felt it to the narrative of the candidate in question.
Aren't they in delaying and not letting the pieces fall where they potentially may?
Not refusing to rank, but acting in a different way,
taking it upon themselves to decide the presidential election by their silence?
If they waited till the nominees were chosen, wouldn't that be unfair?
Because arguably it could sink the candidacy of one of the potential nominees
after the nomination was finalized.
And doesn't the fact that they all know something's there but can't say,
affect their campaign coverage in a subterranean subconscious way
that the readers are excluded from?
I just don't know the answer.
I'm glad in a situation like this, if there is a fact true to it,
that I wouldn't have to be the decider.
Well, I thought there was only one decider in America.
I wouldn't want to be in a position to having to make that choice,
but it's a choice that may well decide a crucial turning point in history,
or maybe not.
Maybe voters will decide they don't think it's important, however, for juicy.
But should it be their choice or the choice of the media elites?
It illustrates the fact that there are still two cultures that were within our political culture,
insiders and outsiders.
It's the old in and out.
As a relative outsider, I have to admit, I was shocked not just by this,
but by several other things that everyone down their nose.
There seem to be two conflicting imperatives here,
the new media, Web 2.0 anti-Aleides preference for transparency and immediacy,
and the traditional elite's preference for reflection, judgment and standards,
they're refreshing, they're small group judgment and standards.
They're civic duty to protect us for knowing too much.
I feel a little uneasy reporting this no matter how well nailed they think they have it,
it may turn out to be untrue.
What I'm really reporting on is the unreported persistence of a schism
between the DC media elites and their inside knowledge
and the public that's kept in the dark.
For the wrong good, maybe they would dismiss it as irrelevant,
but shouldn't they know?
Shouldn't we know?
If our image is one of no, baby, don't you want to know?
Maybe I do.
Yeah, you know, it's even more important.
What's that?
1052.
Well, what would you do?
Only in America.
Jane, Americans, baby.
I hope they get it.
You've done it.
You do it.
Let's get to the point where Jason is sending it.
So, I don't remember if it's that way.
It was close not a bit of big hit, even though I remember it.
It was one.
I didn't have it in my collection.
It might not have been a big hit.
It was no.
I could look in the book and choose the right one.
Only in America.
He was great.
I love it.
Hey, Jane, why don't we take your cover too late?
I was holding it.
Come back with cancer in the clock back, can.
What word did you say?
Okay.
Yeah, you know, I'm a sin.
Wouldn't that be something I'd be a good pull?
I don't know how you word it.
If you could turn the clock back, yeah.
And, diddle with somebody based on what they looked like, you know, back in the day, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
I'm trying to think of what Jay Black looked like.
Maybe they didn't look all like it.
They had a great voice.
They had a very sexy voice.
He was...
Hmm.
Man.
Sweet.
Sweet guy.
One of your people, by the way.
Wasn't he a...
I don't know.
Latino, maybe Mexican.
Oh no.
You had a Google Jay Black.
I think he was Mejicano.
It's N52 on a pull.
Chris is right on top of it.
He's got a thumb on it.
Who are the worst slabs we asked?
Public housing dwellers 208.
Smokers 181.
Trailer Park dwellers 170.
The homeless 142.
Teenagers 111.
Bodeur 78.
Sports Spectators 73.
Stopping all that beer all over the place.
And Wong.
Beer drinkers 41.
Florida Keys Reson 37.
And auto repair man only 11.
I think that's a low blow.
That's a cheap shot out of 1054.
Totally would make 1050 tonight.
Yes.
Chris.
Uh huh.
I'm reading about Jay Black from...
What about him?
It was Hispanic.
Sure he is.
Singer's title all by...
grew up in Brooklyn, New York neighborhood of Borough Park,
later career, and known as the Born New York in Florida.
Still reading to find out where he was born.
Reacon.
Probably is.
I don't see it in here.
You don't see what?
Are you on Wikipedia?
Yeah.
During the break I'm...
I inquiring minds will find out.
Everybody on the audience is on the edge of their seats.
Tell us more about Jay's Black.
Black.
Biggest name.
Don't you have time for your...
Biggest name.
Black.
I'm the 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Black and Sam.
Uh...
The Bible Holy only did this.
And the Bible Holy only did that.
So I said...
Uh...
Don't you bother me while I'm in here.
I said...
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes.
Why did we move the process?
Sir, you told me to move the process.
I didn't tell you.
Why did you move the mess under, stud me?
No, sir.
You said move the practice to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You'll move the practice.
Okay.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
I'm mad.
I'm mad.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remus.
Hi, sir.
Yes, sir.
What was your question?
I'm killing you.
I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus!
Get in, boss.
Stop it, Remus.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop, stop the floor, Remus.
Remus!
It's, it's like this in my hand, Remus.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remus.
Oh, that's a phone, boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything, Remus.
It stopped falling the floor.
Sorry.
I think, sir.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time for the music.
Look at it.
It's time, slot.
Craig, are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson, thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remus!
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
I'm really a little so, boy.
Don't play, Remus.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get that food right away from me.
Oh, come on, Blueberry.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up, I, sir.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me?
What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You should imagine Asian for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide to side.
I'm the puppet master.
I, sir, you do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But, sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him laugh.
Puppet master!
Me!
Idiot!
Oh!
Remus!
Remus!
Yes, yes, yes.
What the hell are you doing now?
Listen to the flow, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the flow, Remus.
What?
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remus.
Get out.
Get out.
Get out.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me softly.
148 a.
Q.M.
Anyway, here's, here's, I've got the greatest biography.
I can't believe that you just glossed right over there of J. Black, a.k.a.
David Black.
But we'll get to him in a second.
Bad news.
Dell, Afghanistan.
Afghanistan's Education Ministry said today that a suicide attack this week had killed 59
children and five teachers taking the death toll to 75 in the deadly such bombing in the
insurgency of country.
Six lawmakers and five bodyguards were also killed in the blast on Tuesday in the Northern
Province of Baglan, which has been free of the regular attacks by the Taliban.
We've got 59 schools who'll run from age 8 to 18 and five teachers killed in that blast.
Nearly 100 more children were wounded.
Everything's well under control, you do understand.
Okay, now let's get to J. Black and his abyo.
Didn't you read this?
I just, which one?
J. Black, David Black.
Born November 2nd, 1938 in New York, as a singer whose height of fame came in the 60s, when he was the leader of the
Banger in the Americans.
He had numerous hints including Caramia, come along closer in this magic moment.
Black grew up in Brooklyn in the neighborhood of Borough Park and his latest career is become known for touring
New York State and Florida singing namely solo and preceding his singing with a stand-up comedy routine.
That's what I read.
Black has been widely criticized for his vulgarity during these routines.
Once we've seen the letter from the New York Governor George Pataki, warning Black to keep his act clean when he performs in New York State Parks.
J. and his brothers speak Yiddish fluently and J. has been known to speak to his brother on his mobile phone in Yiddish.
David Black.
No wonder I like him.
He's a Jew boy, maybe.
Well I mean if he speaks Yiddish.
When you think, who the fuck am?
I imagine.
J. Black also received notoriety because of his close friendship with the former Gambino crime family boss John Gotti.
Oh you got to like this guy.
Gotti and his crew which included his son John Gotti Jr. would often attend Black's concert performances at the Westbury Music Fair on Long Island during Gotti's heyday and the late to mid-80s in the early 1990s.
Junior Gotti would continue as fathers have it attending Long Island concerts through the 90s.
The two were both high-stakes scamblers that would often spend thousands betting the horses.
Black attended the Dapper Don's Racketuring, Charles with Peter Gotti and then John Jackie knows Demiko.
Oh Jackie the knows Demiko and also performed at John Gotti Jr's wedding reception at the Helmsley and Manhattan as well as Victoria Gotti's wedding singing John Gotti's personal favorite Karamia.
In 2006 Black completed bankruptcy proceedings man, had an after-a-crued a $500,000 debt and back taxes to the IRS as a result of his gambling addiction.
Black did high-ever win a legal battle involved in the case which granted him the right to continue to use the name J. Black although we can no longer perform with the band as J. and the Americans.
J. was the second by the way the more widely known J. Lee the band J. and the Americans. The first being J. Trainer.
He had previously used David Black as his professional name but changed his first name to suit the band's pre-existing name.
I mean nobody wanted David and the Americans we wanted J. anymore right?
Sure.
How do you like that? He speaks Yiddish, he's a friend with the boys, he's got all the connections and he's bankrupt.
Just when you thought he had a good connection to come to fight out oops, oops, there it is.
Like the Jets, J. E. T. S. S. U. C. K. Oops.
Boy they sucked, they sucked Chris or what?
Uh-huh. 10.62.
Hey listen I can't give you any crap this week because the Patriots have a by-week this week a well-deserved rest.
Let's look at me crap one at often.
After last week's, well I mean it's often going to lose to the bills at home? You bet.
Possibly.
Here's the last reason I'm on the pool for today.
And I think before we leave we definitely need at least one more of these.
planets for the fee they he roads geats fly Oh, the beans that's what that we had meet them
user Geats ask him say I fold to f Ooh.
Who are the worst lives public housing dwellers to Go fool.
Thank you it's more money like these then to trail your parts and viewers one seventy two
Till homeless 142 will they can't help it?
Ko bice and close have homeless people judge come on.
No.
I don't want I don't want I don't isn't God.
Oh, Teen Ages 113, Golders 78, ask me if I have given anybody the homeless here.
No.
Spare some change, mister.
Okay, well have a nice day anyway.
Golders 78, sports spectator 73, beard rinkers 43, Florida key residents 38.
And boy I think it was Sean who sent me this poll and he said the Florida keys people.
Wow, talk about Slabio and auto-referment, and they can't help it.
It's part of their job, man.
Maybe they're squeaky clean when they go home.
Or maybe they're just Slabio all over the place.
Maybe they sit on the sofa with all that grease loaded crap, you know what I'm saying?
Could be.
And boy I'll tell you one thing, there are a few things in life, more gut-wrenching than
a grease loaded crap.
Hey, did you get that copy?
I just passed out on TV.
You know, we're all barbed-stores.
Thank you, my name is Kaya.
I'm a big sports league.
It's day high.
I'm a town.
There's at 56, WQA.
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida,
Where we will lot though, of every young puddle,
went new sixteen, joined,
Boy!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
I knew you.
Down!
Woo-hoo!
Bye-bye-bye!
The biggest names, the best colors,
and your hold for Miami opens with blue,
sports radio five sixty WQAM,
It's for the feet, it's for the feet, oh, that blackout piece from feet, as can say, please.
I'm trying.
