The music expressed on the previous programs are those of you who killed the arbor, what?
Oh no, the B.C. blind has group. It's staff advertisers for agencies.
The biggest name ever tweaked and it's been skipped my checklist.
I'm hoping for Miami Dolphins football.
Oh right!
Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
Miami for the Lauderdale.
No George today.
I'm just listening to this evening.
Listen to me, Steve. George went home to Cupid.
Oh yeah.
My pants!
That was the highlight of my trip to Amsterdam baby I did it again.
Welcome!
Save it again.
I turned 13.
I'm a last birthday.
Daddy bought me a doll and he told me to play.
I wonder what daddy would say.
I think you like that 69 emails today.
My name, my name, my face is posted on my face.
My face.
I got out of prison.
Oh in 1982.
I was caught at the playground with a kid or two.
Oh now I use the net.
Email them today and tomorrow I'm wet because her name, her age, her face is posted on my face.
My face.
Hey baby.
You know you're really mature for your age.
How about we meet in person?
Yeah I'm just so jealous.
I'm not really a bear and I'm a small sister.
Well now I don't tell your mama.
You guys are not gonna stay in your knees.
I tell you what they will love, will they tell you?
You got a new birthday smile, you know that?
I'm gonna tell you what.
Let me ask them all.
Oh, need the video shop.
Well just don't tell your folks.
And stash them don't tell the cops.
Whoa.
He said I'm one and a man.
All in sex, I'm pregnant and thin.
My age, my face, I'm sick of my skin.
My skin.
He doesn't keep having my child.
And now they want a place.
He's not in now.
He didn't know I was pregnant.
10.03.056.20QM, it's Tuesday.
Boy, we have 4 full hours today with all kinds of crap is that.
You make a fourth on Thursday.
So George is sick today.
He was there this morning, bright and early, about 809.
And all of a sudden we got to be too close to the showtime.
He said, oh, I'm gonna puke, I'm dying over here.
And so we brought in Miguel.
Hi.
We'll also speak in no speaking language.
So here we are.
So the highlight of my trip to Amsterdam, which only lasted 4 days by the way.
And a lot of people are gonna say, oh, we told you so.
You always do this.
Yeah, what I do, whatever the hell I want to do.
How's that?
How's that?
I'm flexible guy.
If I'm having a really great time, I'll stay the whole, I'll stick it out so to speak.
And if not, I'll get on a plane and come back.
But the highlight of my trip was, I pooped my pants.
That is correct.
Now see, I don't have to tell these embarrassing things on here.
Because it's starting to sound like I need a bag.
You know what I mean?
Don't do it.
Please do.
But please do.
Please do what?
Oh, Tom?
Yeah.
Well, I had a really bad meal, which in Amsterdam is like par for the course.
It's like the main tourist strip, you know?
And the marquee is, you know, it's sometimes it's good and sometimes it's not so good.
And this would not so good.
I think I had onion soup, which didn't have any cheese on or anything like that.
Just like, I think out of the canals is where they get it.
And that's what really like opened me up.
Can I say that?
There's yours gonna get up so.
I pooped my pants.
And it's only like about, I don't know, seven or eight minute walk from the marquee's back to the table.
I went to my hotel, my little apartment in the Crescent Pulski on the Danes Square.
And I, you know, I got about a minute into the walk and all of a sudden I realized, uh oh.
You see you're laughing because we've all had that feeling, right?
Uh oh.
I don't think this is good.
You bastard.
And sure enough, it wasn't good because I pooped my pants.
That is correct.
Luckily I was wearing brown pants at the time.
Dark brown.
I pooped my pants.
So I don't think any of the tourists is so off because they would have been, oh my god, look at this guy.
He's pooping his pants.
You know, he's pooping himself.
Because every step, every step you take, once, once you've lost it, so to speak.
Every step you take.
Right.
And so I finally get to my little apartment.
You know, I put the key in the door and I get in.
There's a long stairway going upstairs.
And I managed to hang on pretty well.
But the only problem was, then I get to the apartment door.
And like in most hotels, now instead of a key, there's like a little, you know, a plastic credit card.
Uh huh.
And I had been putting that thing in my wallet.
So I take out the wallet and I'm desperately searching to find the credit card key to get in the damn door.
And come to find out I had put in my pants pocket for some reason this time.
Just so I couldn't find it in time.
And I still get the doorway.
Oh man.
Well, it's just one of those things.
Why are you laughing so much?
Why do you find such great joy in it?
And thank God I had a washer dryer in my apartment.
Yeah, I had a little washer dryer.
What else is dying over here?
Why do you find that so funny?
Have you ever done that?
Oh man, it's, it, no, it's also when you're getting home.
When you really got to go.
And your mind, your brain says, well, okay, now you're there.
You're not there yet.
Yeah.
Oh, that's absolutely true.
I'm standing at the doorway.
My brain is saying, okay, your home is safe.
And oh, no, I'm not.
Oh my God, I just, I don't want to get too vivid.
Because we'll get joy.
Well, we always get joy.
Yeah.
By the way, a chicken that I keep here listening, which I'm sure you're out of this one, clipping,
so depressing, George is a pissed off at him.
A lot of pissed off at this going on, you know what?
Like Hank and Joe Bell, and I heard that story.
I guess the Humperwood, now did, did you guys talk about this on the Air Chris?
I guess he did.
Oh, yeah.
And what did George say?
Did he embellish it a little bit?
I would like to see a 30, I would like to see a bow.
It wouldn't last very long, a 30 second bow.
Third man.
Bowed between Joe Bell and the Humper.
I'd like to see that.
Yeah, we were thinking of just the whole woodwind.
I think Hank would just fall on him.
That would be the end.
So I picked Joe Bell.
But evidently, so the Humper was sitting at that little desk out there
where the food is usually put,
that's probably why he gravitates to that seat.
Because I can't imagine why anybody else would sit in that spot.
But he was sitting there one day, and just wild,
because it was so cold in the building or something like that.
So if the temperature isn't right, take it out on Joe Bell,
which I think is a good idea.
And he was calling him every name in the book.
You fat mother, effin, s, well, whatever.
Suckin, whatever.
And evidently, Joe Bell was within the air shot.
So I guess the two of them had some words.
Did we hear something?
Did it go beyond that?
Was it like a screaming match? How did it go?
Were you here for it, Miguel?
No, but you're here.
Okay, so yeah, we just heard that a Biscuit Bill Bell walked up
and said, so are M-I-D, fat M-F that you're talking about?
And Hank apparently had one of those, oh my god,
which has happened to look on his faces.
And then they both started yelling each other,
and Joe told him to shut up.
And it's not how you act around here.
And they kind of went out,
and then he walked back to engineering.
Well, what do you mean it's not how you act around here?
What the hell not?
I called Joe a fat ass all the time.
But then again, you know, I can afford to do that,
because I'm fat, but not that fat.
But for Hank to be calling anybody a fat ass.
I mean, the other part, the M-F and the blank sucking, whatever.
I mean, that's one thing.
Maybe Hank was confused.
Maybe he was thinking about me.
Maybe that's what I mean.
Anyway, here's a really stupid email somebody sent in this morning.
Sorry, Daisy.
Oh, it's Daisy.
Sorry.
Directed at Neil George, whoever responds to the mail,
it says,
Sublates been determined that Swanee River,
the Florida State song is racist,
and needs to be changed to something more appropriate.
Why a Swanee River racist?
See, if George was still there,
he'd be planted by El Jolson.
How I love you, how I love you, my dear old Swanee.
He'd be planted.
Isn't that Swanee River?
See, you don't even know how I'm...
Wait, down upon the Swanee River.
Oh, is that the one?
Yeah.
Wait, that one.
I know that it was.
He's on the Swanee River.
Yeah.
Or, by the way, Kim Boeckamp was a piece of crap too,
even though he's on vacation this week.
Now, he'll come back next week and accuse me of ripping him
and ass while, you know, behind his back or whatever,
behind my skirt.
That apology he gave on a year, a couple of weeks ago,
was so lame and so inadequate and so pathetic, you know?
But this is what the Jack Ockersy gets away with.
They can go on a year and say anything they want.
And well, you know, there's nothing but a bunch of dumb jocks.
Well, what are they doing on the year in the first place then?
If they're nothing but a bunch of dumb jocks.
Is that a good question or what?
Anyway, getting back to days these animals is no comment.
That's okay.
You guys don't need to get yourself into a jackpot.
I know you're there in Boeckamp,
but squash you like a bug, you know?
He's big and dangerous and real ballsy, real gutsy.
Really lame apology, Kimba.
Week.
Anyway, to answer the call,
these state of Florida and Charlie Kristoff is Charlie Kristoff.
Announce the statewide search for a more appropriate benefiting song.
So, a sliny river is way down upon the swan.
Why is that reason?
I guess it's a bit of a little bit of a lyric in there.
That's great.
This is what?
It is the word cool in there at any point?
No.
Oh.
It is with that I submit the deity,
Neil God Rogers, whoever does the terrific local comedy.
But it's find the piece which was recorded a few years back,
which went something like way down upon the Miami River where all the drugs come in.
I don't even know what that is.
And submit this as a contender for Florida State's song.
I bet you a dollar's to Navy Beans that says that parody Bitsong is a winner.
Dollar's to Navy Beans, whatever that means.
I never heard that before.
Did you hear that?
That's a new one.
New one on me.
No, it would not win.
I have no idea what song it was.
Plus, it was probably kind of funny, which means we can't play it anymore anyhow.
Do I sound a little bit off my feet today or what?
No.
Just fine.
I do.
Well, I had my first experience.
This is bad.
This is a warning, darling.
Are you fat people out there including the Humper?
My first experience on Wednesday and Thursday this past week with diabetic neuropathy.
Oh, that's not fun.
Ooh.
You see, when you're a big fat pig like me and you think you can fool mother nature forever
and even when you have diabetes, you're eating ice cream and candy and cookies
and your bloodshed is out of control for days and weeks and months on end.
And then all of a sudden, like stuff starts happening.
And diabetic neuropathy is scary because your hands and your feet are tingling,
you know, and it doesn't stop in like my right hand, like the fingers were like frozen up,
which I guess sometimes, you know, in some cases it's good to have a frozen finger,
but not in this case.
All depending on where you're going to stick it, but it was not good.
And so now my bloodshed was back to where it ought to be.
And I'm no more.
That's what it takes.
And you've heard me say it a million times, I always kid myself.
But once you get the good scare, then you cut the crap.
Chris.
Okay.
I'm just telling you for your own benefit because today will come fat.
You can't fool the fat forever.
You know what I'm saying?
You can't fool those big rolls of fat because they start gagging on it.
12 minutes after 10, what's that schedule looked like today?
We got mad dog at two.
We got the power hour with Hank and the mad dog four to five.
The Humper solo five to six thirty, he'll be ripping Joe Bellafatt ass.
And then you got the Marlins on deck six, 30 Marlins in the Pirates at seven,
oh five ought to be a huge crowd for that game, not.
And game that would lead to care after baseball.
Speaking of Marlins baseball, Thursday we got a noon game.
Oh!
12, oh five.
The Marlins in the Pirates.
Can you imagine the crowd it's going to be there for that game?
It's more people in here right now.
Wow.
But anyway, so that means Thursday, which I happen to be working Thursday this week.
Right?
Right?
Summer schedule Tuesday and Thursday.
And Thursday we're out of here 11.30, to which I say,
Oh right!
Luke's are on their way, by the way.
What is that on the way?
The lyrics.
Oh good.
Thank you so much.
I pooped my pants.
I'm not going to be a kid.
Oh she's out.
And of course does anybody with a brain care only a bunch of idiots?
It's in 18.
I got the story though on Paris Sabineau, but we'll get to that momentarily.
Good.
Eventually one, when I get around, we'll get to it.
You know what really bothers me?
What's that?
Maybe that's what made George sick this morning.
What bothers me more is the fact that the media continues being obsessed with that needle-mose bitch,
that no talent needle-mose bitch, is the fact that these people,
these sick of fans, are all lined up there, just like when a Michael Jackson draw was going on.
All these lifeless idiots are all lined up.
I have no idea.
Paris and they're just reaching out to touch her, you know?
Very sad.
Speaking of sad, here's a fact from something that's not a big George fan.
I guess maybe George Reddus, that's why he went home.
It says, thank Neil God, your back.
Even two days of you a week is better than listening to George the horrific.
He is worse than Chris Moron, happy or back.
What does that mean?
He's worse than Chris Moron.
Oh, that's Chris Christina Moore.
I'll take it seriously, Chris, not you.
Okay.
That was Chris Moron.
Remember Chris Moron, Victor McGill, was Moron Bush on the...
Right.
Oh, they had some big numbers in midday, started with a...
Oh!
Yeah.
That was a hell of a show.
So now we're getting all these people sitting in the lyrics too.
No, that's me.
There was a different kitty version.
Yeah, and then there's a whole different version.
Oh, it's the old...
I don't understand.
The other name of the song is the old folks at home.
Right.
The Swine River, Florida State Song lyrics, the Swine River lyrics,
Old folks at home by Stephen Foster.
I wonder if he was kind of like Bud Foster.
Or Ray.
Foster Hewitt.
Anyway, way down to find the Swine River far, far away.
That's where my heart is turning ever.
That's where the old folks stay.
Old like...
You're good.
All up and down the whole creation, sadly I roam,
still longing for the old plantation and for the old folks at home.
I'm going to read all of these lyrics and I'm waiting to find a part
that makes this end-way racist song.
You'll see it.
All the world is saddened, very everywhere I roam.
Old Lordy, how my heart grows weary,
far from the old folks at home.
Well, that's where you came from.
Oh, my goodness.
That's the clean version.
Yeah.
And what's the not clean version?
Oh, it's on the last sheet I sent you.
Oh, in one.
The one at the original one, that's like too much of a keyboard.
Oh, darkies.
Yes.
How my heart grows weary, far from the old folks at home.
Oh, darkies.
Well, they changed it.
Oh, Lordy.
Oh, darkies.
What kind of a song is that?
Stephen Foster wrote this.
What a racist, bastard old man.
Oh, darkies.
How my heart grows weary.
And that's it.
Yeah, that old Lordy.
And then, oh, it keeps repeating.
That's the chorus.
It keeps repeating.
Yeah.
Oh, darkies.
Oh, darkies.
Don't say it again.
You're already over the quota.
Next thing.
See, Pope Camp is going to come back from vacation next week.
He said, I heard you a Roger's call.
Somebody had dark you on the radio.
And then, toast and Robert Creeper will say, oh, yeah, we heard it too, Kim.
You go, baby.
But you'll lick your fans.
Boy, how come Creeper is still here?
That's what I would like to know.
How come this suck hole is still working there?
How come he's still employed at QAM?
He's got to have the naked pictures.
It's not just that he and Clarence are doing it.
You know, that's only a part of it.
A small part.
From when I'm here.
Okay, here's George's poll for me yesterday.
And boy, if you think his poll was bad, wait till you're the one we got going today.
And I don't really know who this was that sent it in.
Thanks anyway, but it really sucks.
And this one yesterday is suck too.
We had 712 votes.
Now, Chris, how the numbers have been coming on the polls?
We're not going to make a thousand today.
It's the middle of the summertime.
When we put it back in the past.
When we would come in the next day.
We did what?
We would get the thousand when we came in.
No, no, no, no, no, that's not what I'm talking about.
Now, you know that.
And what kind of crap all of is that?
Well, we would put the poll on between nine and nine thirty.
And by the end of the show, we would have between 300 and 600.
Between 300 and 600?
What kind of a number is that 300 on our world famous legendary poll?
300 My Ass.
If you could come in to crime and get away with it, what would it be?
That was the poll question.
712 votes.
Bank robbery, 380.
Drug trafficking, 75.
Murder, 67.
That was my vote.
Boy, if it was not against the law to commit murder.
I've got a short list.
Rate 49, theft 46, illegal parking 45.
Now that's...
Oh, heavy duty, illegal parking.
J-walking 29, vandalism 7, arson 6, assault 5, press passing 2 and hit and run a salimente uno.
I was 712 votes.
Illegal parking.
Jesus.
God.
Well, what is with these?
Well, of course, anybody that's stuck there for the summertime.
Good luck to you.
And I know it was very slowly but surely, some of my correspondence are starting to come back.
The professor of course is still out there.
My good close personal friend, he's there.
And of course, Brandon showed up today with some like the pens after he heard my story about pooping my pants.
Thanks, Brandon.
Never heard from my good friend, Ricky, about his travels to Costa Rican, whether he got a lead or not.
So, evidently, he did not.
When you think if he did, he would have sent me a message and said, I'll ride.
You know, something happened.
Maybe he's still there.
No, he's not still there.
He sent me a message when he came back.
I said, I'll back and I'll confabulate with you later, he never did.
Come on, Ricky.
Spill the beans.
It was 647 on today's poll already, Chris.
What was the total yesterday?
712.
That's because I changed the poll yesterday around 6.
See, George Key, and that's because he doesn't come up with a new poll in the previous day.
Maybe that's why he's sick.
Maybe the Lord is punishing his ass.
I believe that my dead relative is blank.
That's the poll today, and it really sucks our apologize, but we got 658 votes.
No longer existed all except his dust and bones, 293.
Our in heaven, having a great time, 109.
They're all singing at famous songs, I ain't got no body, but they're having a great time.
They got no heart, they got no brain, they got no eyes, they got no feet, they got no limbs,
but they're having a hell of a good time in heaven, 109.
By the way, neither one of you responded when I said of either one of you ever had that, the pooped the pants thing,
and it was just a lot of laughter at me, and then nobody said a word.
Close, but never over the brim.
I mean, the edge.
It'll happen one of these days.
You don't have to be old to poop your pants, I guarantee you that.
It could be younger.
I believe my dead relatives are floating around somewhere in the universe 90.
They're floating around, yeah.
Communicate with me through my TV, my Toaster, my, whatever, 58.
Our light ghosts hovering around watching whatever I'm doing 49.
I'm probably gathered around talking or laughing at me 35.
You know, by the time you get through reading this poll, it's time to go home anyway.
Like I said, I like this poll.
There he goes again, he works two lousy days a week and he just can't wait for two o'clock.
You're right.
Have been reincarnated as somebody's pet fighter or feefe or something like that nine, or maybe a putty cat.
I'm probably wishing I'd go to see a medium so they can contact me from the other side, seven.
I believe my dead relatives are in purgatory having whatever time, five, yeah, whatever time.
We don't know if it's good or bad or like kind of indifferent in purgatory, like kind of our management indifferent to human suffering.
And are in hell having a hot time three out of six, 58.
We're going to have the seven, 12 by 11 o'clock, Chris.
We're going to top yesterday's a number.
Cool.
Maybe that's why George went home sick.
Oh, look how many votes we got on there, gentlemen.
Take a look at how many votes we have on the poll right as I speak.
666.
I got 6669.
What does that tell you?
Elante Cristo is back.
That's me.
Elante Cristo.
Well, I'll be talking about it with the water cooler and you'll poop this pants again.
Yeah, he's going to be already pretty soon.
He's going to be wearing Mo's bag.
That's a lot of the thing.
Mo left that bag.
I wish your rubber would have washed it out.
Well, you start off in diapers and you end up that way, right?
Yeah, that's a good point.
Thanks a lot, Miguel.
Check ass.
6669.
Well, I'm telling you, we might get 1,000 today.
Now, that, let me ask you this, Chris, did you make 1,000 during the show at any point?
The 672.
Yeah, of course, gone.
Of course not.
Of course not.
Well, what does that mean if you're not?
Well, he doesn't bring up the poll at all.
What time did you put the poll on yesterday?
Six.
Okay, and so we put it on at 9.30 in the morning before the show.
Oh, I see.
So you're making excuses already?
Well, he doesn't talk about it either.
George, George doesn't talk about it?
He doesn't talk about the poll.
That's correct.
Well, why not?
He doesn't care?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
He doesn't care about that.
Like, he's got all those great calls to do.
But it comes to sport.
How can I forget?
The story.
Sports 20-0-5-16.
Q-A-M.
G-O-G-A.
Yeah, yeah!
What's up, y'all?
This is your boy, T-Mite.
See how you redo songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we can't match when I go black and white.
It's about the fastest.
Check this out, y'all.
Ah!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a month!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a month!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a month!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a month!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a month!
Read a book!
Read a book!
Read a book!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-J!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O-J!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids!
Raise your kids up side.
Raise your kids up.
Raise your kids up.
Raise your kids up, raise your kids up!
Raise your kids up, raise your kids up!
Raise your kids up!
Raise your kids up, raise your kids up!
Raise your kids up, raise hydrogen!
Raise your kids, raise your kids up!
Raise your kids up, raise your knees!
Raise your kids up here, raise your kids up!
Way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other
way, way the other way, way the other way, way the other way,
The Swansea or Rita Book?
Both, either one.
Now, Chick-N-Eck, I don't want to start picking on him because of the Preston sarcotic and suicidal.
I guess George already ripped him on the ears, is that correct?
Not that I can remember.
Yes, he did.
He said, you know, you need to, like, not make such downer songs that we can't play.
Yeah, all the songs are about Joe Bell and Joyce and the fact that the Chick-N-Eck Inc. and Paid by them.
And by the way, Chick-N-Eck, your check for me is in the mail, okay?
See, I take care of my bills.
I pay you my- I pay my people's.
Oh, wow!
Here's an example of why we're a little faster than we should have.
Hello.
Gildi?
Gildi?
Oh!
What are you doing here?
I just came in the-
Hey, you little lizard, pal.
I'm all naked in the shower.
Why are you picking on the clothes?
I think you ever seen Psycho.
Yeah, but he had his clothes down.
Well, but your information, this helps me feel closer to nature.
It's fabulous pointing at me!
That's right.
And I'm in a very bad mood.
Every message number you find.
The Vokabrayin bit you're listening to has been interrupted for lack of payment.
Insert check into envelope to continue.
Every message number you find.
The Vokabrayin bit you're listening-
Psycho's happy like another minute and a half of the same thing.
See what I'm saying?
We get the message, Chicunek, they're not paying their bills.
Okay, we know that.
They suck.
They're a bunch of grade robbers.
Okay, whatever Hank said multiplied times 10 and I go along with it.
They don't pay their bills.
People who do a great work for us have to fight tooth and nail,
but in the meantime, our Chicunek has become so depressed and so morbid
that that's the excuse for doing crap like that.
Uh, no.
In fact, I might have to stop payment on that check I sent.
Unless we get some good stuff for next week.
714 by the way.
Sounds like quailudes to me.
I'm not going to read the-
I'm not going to read that poll result which may hold it down a little bit,
but I think even Chris would admit now since it's only 1036,
we're going to make 1,000 in it.
I'm going to show.
Definitely.
You think so?
It's in the bag.
I'm a crappy poll like that.
And let me ask you one other thing because I don't really know what the arrangement is.
Because I don't want to be overworked during these summer months.
However, I've got suckered in these Tuesdays and Thursdays anyway.
See the first couple of years it is, do you, I had the whole summer off.
Remember that, McGill?
Yeah.
I had the apartment of Amsterdam.
I had the whole summer off.
Bye-bye.
Oh, no.
One thing I'll say about Amsterdam, no matter where you stay, it's unsanitary.
The air is clammy and then the first morning I was there woke up, I still got it.
Can you hear it?
I got a little like the flim, the sore, the raw throat and the sniffles and all that cool.
Because it's unsanitary there.
It's clammy, man.
It's clammy, manmy.
Oh, manmy.
It sounds racist to me.
Is there such a sorry swanny by old oldson Google and see if I'm maybe I'm confused?
Maybe I'm thinking of manmy, how I love you.
I don't know.
I'm confused.
I do like this story though, a textist man's schedule would be executed on Tuesday once did I laughing.
From 1918.
What is it?
From 1919.
1919, boy when I was only a child.
Patrick Knight 39 has been soliciting jokes on the internet and plants has held one of them before receiving a lethal injection today.
He says he wants to keep his execution light.
As Marty Python would say, he wants to be lightly killed.
When I hear some good pull somebody just sent it and look at some university dodge where a boat can't for use to work but doesn't anymore.
You like that pull?
It's not bad.
What I hate most about the summertime is the heat, the afternoon storms, hurricane season, all that end kids out of school family vacations, needles, part-time schedule.
No sports except baseball and I love summer.
That's not bad.
Oh, and what I was going to ask you before I go back to this schmuck that wants to be killed lightly is what is the deal?
Who's making the pull for tomorrow?
That's a good question.
See, we haven't really arranged that.
I mean, I'm doing the bedtime stories every day and I'm going back from vacation.
I'm doing them every day because I'm a good guy.
Because I'm a hard working fat old queen.
I really am.
Plus, I don't want poor quarters to have to do 100 stories every day.
I mean, see, George doesn't pay any attention to the pull but the bedtime stories he does the opposite.
He just goes crazy with that.
Am I right?
Yes.
100 stories, 200 stories.
It's like we got a newspaper, a library.
So I think this pull that somebody just said and that would never suffice for tomorrow.
What are you saying?
I'll fix it there.
Wouldn't that be a nice gesture?
Because George is already saying, well, what's going to happen tomorrow if I can't come in?
I'm getting ready to puke.
He has a lot of puke in here.
I don't think about George and yours truly.
See, he's got a problem with the one end and I got a problem with the moel.
That poop in a panstale, man.
It's just, it's not good.
So, out of the, that was a movie, 20 River.
Was it really?
Yeah.
1919.
Back in 1939.
Oh, the movie was 1939, the song was 1919.
Before some of us were born, he says he wants to keep his execution light and that was
sense to die for the August 91 murder of two elderly neighbors in Amarole, Texas.
Lines set a fronted mindset of a page on the social networking website, MySpace.com, to
solicit jokes and hundreds of suggestions that arrived in the mail.
I'll be enjoying my last day's on earth, he wrote on the website.
I'm not asking for penpales.
I'm asking you to spread the word that I'm holding a contest.
I want people to send me their best jokes and to keep me in others with execution dates
laughing.
Texas leads the nation with 396 execution.
None of us put that I've ever joked about it, Lines said.
We've certainly had some people who resetted a poem or Bible verse or maybe saying, um,
Swati River.
Some people have asked forgiveness or who praised.
He said, this to my knowledge is the first time anybody has told a joke is their last
words.
And that cute, he wants to die laughing.
719 on the pole.
Boy, that's going to be really bad if we get a thousand votes today.
See, if George would just butcher up, I'd try to teach him that over the years, you put
the pole on the night before, you know.
He's always so stoned the night before that just, you know, and that's not right.
Maybe that's just why he's puking his guts out.
I think it's stressed, don't you?
You've got a really bad family situation.
721 votes on the pole.
19 to 11 a.k.a.
You drudge back in.
Hello.
Hello.
Okay.
Yeah, this is the juice.
Hey, uh, this is Michael.
Uh, why not?
Michael Vitt.
Uh, yeah, I'm going to close back for the Atlanta Falcons.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'll think I'll hurt you.
Yeah, listen, oh, just be shut up, stop.
Listen, oh, Jake, the reason I'm calling you is I'm going to do it.
Just a little bit of a trouble with it.
Shut up, stop.
Shut up.
I'm going to do a bit of trouble to law right now.
The law?
Yeah, what the hell is being you did?
I mean, everything you went through, I don't know.
Maybe you could give me a little information on how to handle the situation if you don't
want to say it.
Well, this is my only piece of advice.
Let me keep.
Let's say you killed your wife for another dude.
You would never say I killed them.
Instead, you'd say if I had killed them.
This is how I would have done it.
Do you want to say it?
Okay.
You're going to be going to pay right now.
Thank you, though.
She had a kill, nobody.
Well, my situation is that I was...
She had a kill, nobody.
I think she had a body.
Listen, man.
That's all I got to say.
I got a tea time right now and after that, I need to go out again.
I got a fight for real kill.
Well, good luck to you, baby.
That's Michael.
All right, Michael, back.
Listen, I can't hear you.
I'm going to get a bullet in the pit.
I'm going to pit down.
And...
Can you...
1047-13 before 11 and 5-60 W.C.A.
And we got 37, man.
We're flying.
737 on the pool.
I just fact Eric, that really neat pool that I hate most about summer.
It's not too bad, right?
No, it's good.
The big improvement over yesterday and today, if he acts me, but what do I know?
If you tune in a little bit late, you forgot.
You missed the big news that I...
I pooped my pants.
It's an Amsterdam.
That was the highlight of my trip.
Well, it wasn't really the highlight.
I had a couple of highlights, but I'm not going to talk about those on here.
That would be really bad.
Well, the story of the highlight of my day, so...
Was it really?
Well, you are such a sadistic person, you know?
Someday, I hope that you have wild diarrhea right in the middle like a shopping mall.
Uncontrollable, and you're wearing white pants.
I pooped my pants.
I'll be wearing white pants, sure.
White pantaloonies.
I'll start out as white.
I'll take that.
God.
Thank God I was wearing dark brown pants.
Oh, thank the Lord for that.
737 on the pool.
I believe my dead relatives are.
I don't have the...
I just don't have the fortitude to read this whole thing.
It is so ponderous.
Don't you agree with me?
It's a bit long.
No longer existed all except his Dustin Bones 320.
That's the winner, and the others are all...
...bring it up the rear.
Don't I can say that.
Can I still say that?
I don't know what happened in between while I was on vacation.
Except that Joe Bell and Hank got into a big screaming match.
Was there a screaming or was it just like Joe told him off a little bit?
Was it a screaming match?
I think they were going back and forth a little bit.
But no.
I'm not really sure if just, you know, if...
After Joe opened up if Hank just kind of shut up or what.
How do you like to weigh those two asses, huh?
Hank and Joe Bell's ass.
Man, there are people who...
...the whole body don't weigh that much.
I owe them.
I don't think there's good stuff around here.
Okay, if we must, and I...
Let me say it again, it makes me nauseous.
Why can't you just take all that money that she inherited in like a reasonable person?
Go off and enjoy it and have a wonderful life.
You know what I mean?
If you inherited millions of dollars, would you keep trying to inject yourself into...
Stick yourself in everybody's face?
Well, the media doesn't have to go to her ways either.
Go away, parents.
You bitch.
You, uh...
Oh, man.
Just like OJ, just like Michael Jackson, the same thing.
You bitch.
You splat.
You horrible.
America's obsession with the mediocrity and with real slime balls.
Hotel areas, Paris Hilton walked out of an LA area jail.
Early today with a big smile on her,
puts after serving 23 days for violating her probation on a reckless driving conviction.
With paparazzi and reporters swarming behind a police barrier,
Hilton waved in bean,
but acknowledged how to question as she left the jail about 1215 this morning.
Pacific time, that's like, uh, 315 hour time in the morning, middle of the night.
She walked past Sheriff's deputies into an SUV where her parents waited.
The media, dogged Hilton, she made her get away,
jokking for positions snapping photos of the socialite for miles along the LA Freeway system.
When a SUV had a stop at a red light,
photographers jumped out of their cars and surrounded it.
CNN affiliate KTLA TV in LA reported that Hilton went to her grandparents home
and been to the canyon area of Beverly Hills.
The 26-year-old multimillionaire was sentenced to 45 while we know that.
She is fulfilled her debt to society,
and now it's concluded that Sheriff's spokesman Steve Whitmore, her debt to society.
Hilton is scheduled to give her first post-del of TV interview tomorrow night,
about a real marshmallow toss on Larry King's show on CNN.
After ABC and NBC dropped rival offers last week.
The imprisonment and temporary release of Hilton admitted a global media storm
and raised questions about celebrity justice,
her jail time was sparked by her residence September on a drunken driving charge.
And it goes on, and on, and on.
So she's getting from me, except we do have about 10 in a pair of silt and bits.
They're not nearly as good as at the error number nine.
Come on, chicken, cut the crap.
Quit pounding like a child.
Somebody sent this man and it says,
welcome back.
I'd love to the name of the market in this story.
It's from Stephen Croll Springs. Thank you, Steve.
Uh-oh.
A stir clerk was arrested this morning after he shot a man who argued with him
over the use of the store's phone, police said.
A man walked into the dark and lovely market.
Welcome this morning. This is an old story.
Oh, well, some Tuesday morning at 381 Northwest 19th Street,
asking you this in four-letter notes, asking you to use the phone about 220 in the morning.
So it's Sergeant Frank Susa, who's got a hell of a band by the way,
struck up the band, Frank, spoke to him for the police department.
The clerk, most staffer, Abdullah 33, refused and told the man to get that out of.
The man returned an argument broke out.
Susa said, Abdullah, shot the man as he went to leave the store.
The man whose name wasn't released Tuesday, whatever Tuesday this was.
Maybe in 1919, was rushed to Broward General in critical condition.
He might even be dead by now for all we know.
Well, without you know, it's an old story.
So they know it?
No. Police arrested Abdullah on charge of aggravated battery with a firearm.
I'm going to use the phone. Well, guess what? There you go, pal.
764, we're going to be dangerous to close 800.
Guess what I'm going to do because I'm such a damn good guy, Chris.
And assuming, assuming George is going to be back tomorrow in good health,
what are you going to do?
5 or 6 o'clock, I'm going to like change the poll because I'm sure Eric has probably got this new one up there.
Let me take a look.
Pull switch.
Pull switch.
Hit it again.
Yeah, you see that?
You got the new one up there already.
So I'm going to give George a head start.
Isn't that the damn lovely me even though he's a screwing off today?
It's my kind of you.
It is.
That's because I may well of a guy.
Just take a look.
774 on our infamous poll.
So George doesn't talk about the poll at all.
That's good. It's really bad.
It just causes a lot of time to keep talking about the poll and reading the result.
Who now cares about some stupid ass poll, even though it is legendary?
They'd be a lot more interested in this story.
Almost one in three American men said they've had sex with at least 15 partners in their lives,
tripled the rate of similar behavior found interviews with women,
corn weight government survey.
At least 15 partners in their lives.
Are you guys this young punk?
You certainly couldn't, you know, you couldn't measure up to that.
So to speak.
15.
What are you kidding me?
Chris?
Huh?
15.
Now, what do you mean?
What am I kidding you?
What does that mean?
More than 15 or less.
Oh, yeah, more than 15.
Oh, in your case, you were once upon a time a young stud.
You used to look pretty good.
Yes, I do.
Okay, let me sit again.
You used to look for my mom.
The results we've afforded today by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta
came from surveys that probed the sexual habits and drug use of 6,200 plus people
ate 20 to 59 unanswered questions from 1999 to 2002.
About 4% of adults overall only 11% of unmarried adults said in the survey they never had sex.
Oh, let me read that again.
About 4% of adults overall and 11% of unmarried adults said in the survey they never had sex.
Wow.
Woo!
President Bush's administration has tried to vote sexual accidents among unmarried people in the US
is a way to prevent disease such as HIV.
The survey results which are the first collected by the CDC and the number of lifetime sex partners
suggest the accident's message may not be have.
And you know what there's another?
I know we've done that before.
There's another good poll for later in the week.
You don't think?
What how many sex partners have you had in your lifetime?
Oh, nobody's going to tell the truth.
Whatever the highest number you have on your life.
Are we tracing it?
Whatever the highest number you have on your life.
That's not a thing.
That's what everybody's going to vote on.
Pete the chronic board off said I had in Somalia last night had a radio accident.
Phil Henry doing a serious radio overnight on WINZ940 from Los Angeles.
Are you sure?
Wow.
Doing serious, get serious.
Get serious, Phil.
And I'm sure right winged serious.
Isn't it sad?
He's just had the case, you know.
Very sad.
Once upon a time the guy was a tremendous talent and then all of a sudden somebody hit that magic wand.
Somebody hit the enemy of the gong and turned him into a right wing.
A goofball loser.
He's on the cover of Talkers.
Like I said.
Let me tell you, anybody who reads Talkers magazine got too much time on their hands.
I have no life.
Well, it's a far to me.
To rely on just one strategy for something is just bad.
The more options you have, the more people are likely to use one of them.
This is a guy who's skeptical about this result.
The average number of female sexual partners for men were 6.8s of Canton Porto Medical Officer
for the CDC's National Center for Health Statistics in the Highest School of Maryland,
and one of the studies co-authors.
Women reported an average of 3.7 male sexual partners.
So men 6.8 women 3.7.
Gender-based differences in sexual activity have long been noted by researchers.
Gender differences men are more likely to commit sex crimes while women are more likely to report sexual dysfunction
and not being able to respond sexually, she said.
When you look overall to differences between men, where men appear to have more math skills and to be more aggressive,
the differences in sexual behavior are greater.
The survey also found that about 1 in 7 adults are 16% first-hat sex before they reached age 15,
just 15% remained sexual after until age 21.
The questionnaire which defines sex as oral analore vaginal was administered in a confidential environment designed to elicit on the stansers.
Porto said in telephone interviews survey respondents enter the van, listen to questions through headphones,
and type their answers into a computer without research as being present.
The survey also questioned Americans about drug use, about 1 in 5 adults reported they had tried cocaine or another street drug,
not including marriage, or any at some point in their lives, about 5% said they had to use such drugs in the past year,
and probably a Q&A within the past half hour.
And who could blame them?
That's another good poll question. Who's your favorite fat ass at Q&A?
You are listening to new musical musicals, Roger Ball.
And that's the elusive way of unbibe 60.
This is the new Roger show.
You're fairly.
This is your point.
Any questions?
If you're a DJ who's also Caucasian, don't even mention the blacks or the Asians,
athletic women with short curly hair.
These are the things you can say on the air.
Homeless men talking about things quite disgusting.
VSC through your door will be busing.
But only functions don't even go there.
These are the things you can say on the air.
When a show often comes to protest, troubles on the way.
Apologize for all the things that you said, and update your resume.
And you're not listening to those songs about darkies.
I'll say that right now. It's a level 02 of Q&A.
I'm starting to get a little bit of my voice back.
I didn't have any, well, what's the word I'm looking for? Resonance.
Every time I go on vacation, I don't do any shows for several days at a time.
When I come back, it sounds like I have my nuts cut off or something.
Not like that, not like Geldie, not high, but there's just no resonance there.
You know what I'm saying?
So I just fight.
Do I really?
Yeah.
Not to me. I sound really thin today.
I don't feel thin. I'll have 188. That's not too bad.
I won't tell you what I weighed when I came back from Veccheseon.
Oh, it was not good.
And it was because all that great food in hamstered that.
Not. God is the food suck there.
A lot of things suck in hamstered that.
814 and a full of chris is probably thrilled with that, aren't you?
Oh, I'm so happy.
Well, you never, I mean, now you've got to admit it's a little bit of excitement,
especially in a boring place like South Florida.
It's a little bit of excitement when we get toward the end of the show every day.
And we start going toward, you know, 1100 votes, 1200 or whatever it is.
Oh, you could have finished before you said it, and we get to the votes.
What do you mean?
Where's the at end of the show?
Oh, when it's the at end of the show, it's exciting for us.
There he goes again. All he wants to do is get a big check and get out of there.
Right. That's it.
All of jealous old bitches, man.
Jealous old bitches out there just sitting there chewing on their fingernails, squeezing on their bank.
By the way, low me the bank, please.
And that is...
See, right there should tell you that there's no God.
And all you, the God's quiet people, all you silly God people.
There is, and he's got to sense the humor.
Yeah.
I would know.
He never says the humor. He's just satis.
I've got a great God story yesterday.
Yeah.
Leaving publics.
And this lady comes like walking, not walking almost for running up to me to hand me a piece of paper.
And I just kind of like said, no, thank you.
And she goes, don't you know that Jesus died on the cross for you?
Why don't you want to take this?
I just kind of like, what?
And just kept walking.
I've had people try to give me stuff, but to be like, yeah.
Why don't you want to take this?
I was like, what?
Since she walks over to this other guy right across from me, and he didn't want to take it either.
So I'm pulling out, and literally a car is still pulling into a parking spot,
and she's running over there to hand down the paper.
Well, she wants to save all your ass.
Don't you understand?
She got to save your whole soul, honey.
Your whole soul.
820 votes on a full baby.
I'm going to tell you that.
That's all I'm here for.
It's just to boost that pool number up and the other numbers too.
Do we have another train coming out one of these days soon or not?
One of these days, yeah.
During the break.
I'll look it up.
Because Clarence here is not going to attend any.
He's in the pool.
He's going to stay about on the seventh.
Seventh of this month.
Yeah, but that's because we were getting behind.
But I think like an early July, was the seventh of June?
That's where it says on the board there.
What a memory.
What a memory, man.
So one thing about fat people, we have good memories.
Memories like an elephant and body to match.
Here's a update on the story that's one of my all-time favorites.
In fact, I started printing this thing out and said, one of 18 pages.
Don't you love that when you start printing something?
One of 18.
And I thought, oh, I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Although you know if I would have printed the whole story out, I could just read this story and then get out of here.
I divided US Supreme Court yesterday curtailed free speech rights for students rooting against a teenager.
One for older banner saying, Bong hits for Jesus because the message could be interpreted as promoting drug use.
I mean, come on.
Are you serious people?
See, there is no more free speech.
It's just dead.
In its first maybe decision on student free speech rights in nearly 20 years, the high court's conservative majority,
Martin Nazis, ruled that a high school principal did not violate the students' rights by confiscating the banner and suspending his ass.
Student Joseph Fredrick says the banner's language was meant to be nonsensical and funny,
a prank to get on TV as the Winter Olympic torch relay passed by the school in January 2002 in June, Alaska.
But school officials say the phrase Bong hits refers to smoking marijuana.
No crap. Wow.
Are they hip and cool or what, huh?
At that school?
We be hip and cool at our school.
Principal Deborah Morse suspended Fredrick for 10 days because she said the banner advocated or promoted illegal drug use in violation of school policy.
I think Jesus might have enjoyed a few Bong hits, especially when he was up there nailing that cross and a lot of pain.
Right?
No pain, no gain, Jesus.
Jesus.
The majority opinion written by Chief Justice John Roberts was appointed the court by Bush agreed with Morse.
He said a principal may, consistent with First Amendment, restrict students' speech at a school event when it's reasonably viewed as promoting illegal drug use.
Oh my God.
Student's speech celebrating illegal drug use at a school event poses a particular challenge for school officials working to protect those interested in their care from the dangers of drug abuse Roberts wrote.
I wonder if he talked to a clearest token Thomas before he wrote his opinion.
Liberal Justice is John Paul Stevens, David Souter and Ruth Bader Ginsburg, descended on the free speech issue and said the majority seriously harmed the First Amendment by allowing Fredrick's punishment for expressing a view of the school that this agreed with.
Sounds like that thing with Hank in the Fat Ashto or Fat Ashton in the not quite so fat as Joe.
And that sound like that?
No.
No one seriously maintains that drug advocate because he much less Fredrick's ridiculous sign comes within the vanishingly small category of speech that can be prohibited because of its feared consequences Steven said.
Although this case began with a silly nonsensical banner and some of the court inventing out of a whole cloth, special First Amendment rule permitting the censorship of any student's speech that mentions drugs he wrote, that's right they invented out of whole cloth.
Justice Steven Breyer said he would have decided the case without reaching the free speech issued by ruling the principal cannot be held liable for damages.
The Bush administration of court supported Morse and argued that public schools do not have to tolerate a message inconsistent with its basic educational mission.
Fredrick's lawyer, Durgin Supreme Court, to follow his famous 1969 ruling that students do not share their constitutional rights to freedom of speech or expression after the schoolhouse gate.
The decision had allowed students to wear black arm bands in class to protest the war in Vietnam, but they Supreme Court's last major ruling on the issue of gone against the students.
The court ruled in 1986 that a student does not have a free speech, right to give a sexually suggested speech at an assembly and the 88th at school newspapers can be censored.
Censorship Fias baby, that's America for you.
In the school yard on the radio on your TV if you're a butt, wear the handle that is censorship Fias, damn it.
And then of course, all of the things that can sell the rejoice on that crap.
You think?
Maybe Boka Brown will do a bit on that next week, we can only hope.
Not! Don't do it, chicken heck.
Where he's starting to really get it everybody's list, is it me?
I mean, I still love men all that and he's a genius, but he's a poundin' a lot.
You know, don't take it out on the show that your poundin' ain't getting paid, okay?
I told you, don't buy a house, isn't it?
When I told you chicken heck, don't buy a house, what do you do when bought a house?
If I croak tomorrow, you know what's gonna happen to him?
For closure?
Don't buy a house.
I told him that, livin' in a box.
Oh, look at that, don't break a fart.
Why don't they fart sounds in this or what?
I sure hope not.
I haven't played this in a long time.
In a possum's age, I don't wanna say that word what again?
Don't go playin' in a box.
Ah!
Oh, no!
Woo!
Well, I was scared of it.
You didn't dump that did you?
No.
Good.
I was just, I mean, I was just a suggestion of one.
It wasn't a real one.
We just suggested one.
Joyce, 831 votes on the full.
We're gonna make 1,000 today and it's just a major miracle to me.
I'm starting to get my voice back.
I started sounding like me.
I don't know why you said that.
The first hour of the show I sounded like the ghost of Neil.
I don't know what that was all about.
I do know what it was all about.
It was that clamminess and amped to them and hamster them.
Clammy.
There's just, there's no sanitation there no matter what.
An apartment or hotel where, obviously, the air is always like real damp and clammy.
You feel like you're gonna wake up surrounded by mildew, you know?
Like with cobwebs all around your body?
Never had that feeling?
No.
No, you're laughing, but you never had the feeling because you never been to hamster them.
Have not.
Well, you'd enjoy it there.
Believe me, you have a wonderful time.
Stayed a hospital.
Go alone.
831, I believe that my dead relatives no longer existed all except his dust in bones 343.
Can you communicate with me through my TV, my toaster, my whatever, 130?
Maybe my clostomy bag.
That's what I'm gonna be wearing pretty soon if I keep pooping my pants.
I believe my dead relatives are in heaven having a great time, 130.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, sing an eye-encaught nobody.
I mean, it's just, it's just you God squad people, man, you're so silly, you know?
If you weren't killing everybody, you'd be really funny.
Our floating around somewhere in the universe, 104 are like ghosts hovering around watching what I'm doing 60.
They better not be.
Our probably all gathered around talking and laughing about me, 37, pointing at me like, oh, look at that jackass.
Have been reincarnated as somebody's pet fighter or fefie or foo-fu or whatever, 10.
Do you see that thing that they've showed a million times with the world's ugly as dog?
Did you see that contest?
I don't know Chinese dog with its tongue.
I saw all the contest, I didn't see the dogs.
I thought he was actually kind of cute in an ugly way, you know what I mean?
Kind of like me, I'm adorable but in a very ugly way.
I'm probably wishing I'd go see a medium so they can contact me from the other side, Ocho.
Our impurgatory having a whatever time, Sinko, and our inhale having a hot time, Quattro.
Soltante Quattro, 834.
So you needed me to come back and do this show today to kind of goose things back up again.
But on Thursday we only got now and a half.
We get screwed badly.
And I feel really, I feel so guilty about that.
Having this really soft summer schedule working only Tuesday and Thursday,
it's a little week after Labor Day, and then finding out we got a Marlins game on Thursday.
It better not rain on Thursday, I'll tell you that.
Can I look at the forecast?
What else was I supposed to Google during the break?
I was supposed to look something up. What was it?
I forgot.
Oh the trend.
Oh the trend. What a great good Miguel Miguel is on top of it today, baby, as is usually the case.
The trend, and what was the other one I just said?
The weather?
The weather for Thursday, not that I'm getting old, you understand?
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what
which is sometimes... She didn't come. That's because she's been sitting there. She only had Independence. Now, that's it. Now, that's it. My mother sells me out for vast lives, she sells me out for ice cream, so you can't eat all. What, what Edge you must put on aarkan, you're not letting me check my wallet or Maybe she will make a , don't you? Little HDMI guy here's aancies boss. Hey, hey, hey, hey Wow, check, who's gottx! Oh, Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! Hey hey! And she'll straighten... Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey, hey! With the shape of your hands around the town, why is she survivein' right now? Why now she's STEVENS
a numerous thunderstorms baby. Oh, that sucks. That blows.
Lead afternoon, though. I'm sure. But well, so there's a
rangelay. It's got nothing to do with us. We'll be long gone by then.
And speaking of that blows, it reminds me, oh, I bet your George didn't play even a little
bit of on. I was going, oh, far, sounds anymore. Right? Did he play
like Chris? No, no, no. Like before. Well, that's all we can play. Because, you
know, we get joyced and I need the money. That's where it goes. How are we doing on that
pull? We got to a thousand yet or what, Neil? Well, let me look. We got eight forty eight.
That's great. And the other good news is that on July,
5th is at 10 a.m. is when the numbers come out. That's a week from Thursday. Is that
correct? Look at your calendar there. Because of 28th is a Thursday. And then
has a 30 what? Hunyo Thursday. I can't remember what it's sitting here and saying, boy,
it's a Huno day Hunyo. And it seemed like it was only a couple days ago. Remember that
Chris? Yeah. Then you know, that's almost a Huno day Julio. Julio. Julio. Julio. Speaking
of Miguel, Julio. A lot of Julio's in that station. Man, lots and lots of Julio's. George
and Miguel and who else? Nelson. Who else? Rolly. Rolly. Pulling. Who just walked in?
Well, what do you mean just walked in? He just walked in to say hello to Miguel. Oh,
I see. And in the speaking English, you guys doing a clan thing again. You're speaking
in the Spanish. That's clan with a C not a K. Huh? They're talking at the moment.
Well, I thought thought titles. They're talking in Espanol and they're probably talking about
you, Chris. Let me tell you right now. They're saying that fed mighty gold or something.
Yeah, you know. Very nice. Very nice. Doug Thompson writes a lot of corruption that's
called LOTT is not that the pom pom jackass of the Trent lot. He says when Republicans
lost control of Congress in the 2006 midterm election, scandal scouts sent a majority leader
Bill Frist went back home to Tennessee. The party the elephant had a chance to prove
it could learn from its mistakes and correctly corrupt abuses of the past. Instead, the party
turned to one of its most corruptist, graceful majority leader Trent lot as its new minority
whip in the Senate. Lots of reemergences of hard broke from the GOP showcases how Republicans
still believe in the old voice system and couldn't care less about reform, decency or rule
the law. LOTT fell from grace of only briefly in 2002 when he praised Senator Strom Thurman
at the long time South Carolinian's 100th birthday party. I want to say this about my state.
He said when Strom Thurman ran for president, we voted for him. We were proud of it. And
if the rest of the country followed our lead, we wouldn't have had all these problems
over the years either. Thurman ran for president on a racist platform in 1948 calling for
continuation of segregation in the South. The controversy that followed LOTT's praising
of that campaign forced him to step down the seminary leader. LOTT claimed to comment
was a slip of the tongue it didn't reflect his true and long-held views on racial equality.
He's a liar, Doug Thompson says. On December 11, 2002, the Washington Post reported 22 years
ago Trent lot, then a member of the House for Mississippi told a home state political gathering
that if the country had elected segregationist candidate Strom Thurmanian to the presidency
30 years ago, we wouldn't be in the mess we are today. The phrasing is very similar
to when coming Senate Majority Leader LOTT's controversial remarks at the 100th birthday
party for Thurman last week. The Jackson-Clerbian ledger reported LOTT's earlier comments
and in November 3rd 1980 report about a rally for the presidential campaign of Ronald
Reagan in downtown Jackson at which Thurman was the keynote speaker. Thurmanian
court of the story told the gathering of thousands of people that the country cannot
stand for more years of Jimmy Carter. We've got to balance the budget. Jimmy Carter won't
do it for Ronald Reagan. We'll do it. Then Thurman declared, we want that federal government
to keep their filthy hands off the rights of the states. For many supporters and opponents
to civil rights, the phrase states rights stood for the rights of states to reject federal
civil rights legislation. After Thurman spoke, LOTT told the group, you know, if we'd
elected this man 30 years ago, we wouldn't be in the mess we're in today. LOTT is not
only a liar, but like somebody other members of Congress, his vote is for sale. When I
worked as a congressional chief in staff in the early 80s, LOTT's office with a gathering
place for lobbyists and power brokers, and he kept a list of people who gave enough
money to gain access to him and his staff. LOTT would counsel the under Republican members
of Congress, how to milk the system for money, and how to get vacations and invitation
to speak at Special Entrance Group gatherings and exotic locations. More than once my boss
would come back from the Republican cloakroom with a note and say, Trent gave me this
guy's number. He said he's good for a golf weekend. In 2003, LOTT led a Senate effort
to limit big media ownership of local TV stations and move the threatened-the-expanding
empire of Fox Corporation Rupert Murdoch. So Murdoch's publishing house Hartford Collins
suddenly decided to sign LOTT up as an author, giving the $250,000 advance on a new book,
a few days later, LOTT and the late night meeting with his colleagues backed off his opposition
and agreed to a new provision that would let Murdoch keep his stations. As Joe Vector reports
in the New York Times, an aide to Mr. LOTT said the book deal had no bearing on the Senator's
decision and a spokesman for Mr. Murdoch chocked it up to coincidence. Still, the ownership
fight showcases the confluence of business-political and media prowess that is central to the way Mr.
Murdoch has built his global information through Rupert Murdoch also owns Fox News, the most
pro-right-wing news channel on cable and satellite TV, just another coincidence, question
mark, Doug Thompson wants to know, and of course the answer is no. About all the crooks
all the time. And what do we care about them when we got Paris Hilton to worry about, right?
So next Thursday, and then that's something I'm going to be on at day. Wow. We have a
Marlins game on at day starting, we're looking about 10-30. Let me look, July 5th, Thursday
July 5th. Oh damn it, the game starts at 3.35 at a PM. That's San Diego. But you know,
that's specific times that it's like, whatever it is. So that means the number is coming
to 10. We can milk that for a couple hours, right? Of course. Good. The Miguel Lieber is
he still there. Right here. Wow, because you get so upset when I read all these bedtime
stories. And if you think I'm taking any calls today, guess what? DREAMON SWEEDART. DREAMON,
I'm good. I don't see any any of you. We had any calls on here. There even been a flicker.
They know that when the old Queen is on, man, there's no calls. When George is on, it's like
nine lights up every once in a while. What is it? Like nine lights up every once in a while.
Don't worry about that. You know what that is. Miguel, whatever. We like it when we don't
have calls, because I mean, I don't have to listen to them. Oh, you're screening though.
Oh my God. He loves it. Forget about it. In fact, let me read you over and shut that baby off.
Thank you. Here's the fact that it says, behind you, Bob from Dallas. How you doing, Bob?
How's it going, A. You read Nick? I mean, love the show. I don't get it. ABC has a shack from a
running. We're heavy kid cuts one in what cuts one. Do you understand what this says? No, I was hoping you
tell me yes. The word. ABC has a shack from a running. We're a heavy kid cuts one in while the
kid is doing sit-ups and shack uses the F word. How is it? A. B. C. can get away with that in
prime time that you can't. I think what he means is cuts a fart. He's leading the
cousin cheese. We said, cuts one in. Yeah, I think he just wrote that wrong, but yeah.
Hey, Bob, maybe they're cutting them in, but I think you ought to cut it out. Bob and Dallas.
Well, thanks, Bob. He's listening online. How do you like that? Along with zillions of other people, at
least, several hundred. Eight fifty nine and a full with people toward that thousand mark.
Now it's not, you know, I mean, it's the 27th, 26th of a whole new man. What do you expect?
Anyway, the brain is on vacation. They're not, they're not there. They're like somewhere.
Anybody but there. Where you want to be the rest of your life?
No, anybody but anywhere with South Florida. That's not negative. It's okay. Now, just being
honest, not anywhere but South Florida. I don't want to be an hamster then the rest of my life.
The era is too claiming. I'd be dead in a week. That's the problem having a speaking and like,
can you hear it still there? Getting my flamin' at mung out of my system. That clammy.
Oh, maybe that's why George isn't feeling good. He's thinking he caught it from me down the line.
Because he sounded fine when I came in this morning. No, he was hoping that you weren't there
and that he'd be getting some money soon.
Are you start when I will crap again? Never. Yes, what? Need to want to you guys to win it.
That's why I don't care.
866 votes that are award-winning legendary pool. I'm pretty excited. I would read this next story about
the Barack Obama but oh, it's short. I have just enough time. I was going to lie there.
He said, oh, I don't have enough time but I've just enough time. Well, not really but I'll sneak it
in anyway. Pamela Levy writes on this working ship, faith politics and Obama. But you know what,
I don't have time so I better do the break. And I'll raise it as a little tease for you.
Little tease. By the way, there was a story in the local paper here this morning that if
Canadians had issues that I see American president, Hillary wins overwhelmingly. Isn't that depressing?
I thought Canadians knew something. It goes to show you they like her because your last name is Clinton.
That's why. They hate W and they love Bubba. That's the bottom line here and around
most of the world where the people have an IQ larger than their thumbnail. It's opposed to America
where although his approval ratings are going to minus in front of them now. Kind of like the numbers
across the street. How are they doing across the street? By the way, they're still on here.
Yep. Because I mean a lot of rumors about that that if Joe Rose should bail a ship over there,
they're just going to shut that baby down. That's the rumor I'm starting. I mean, here in today,
Joe Elfineberg. Oh, he's starting rumors. We're going off here. Yeah. Get all upset about that again
and put it like a little child. You're simpler than you. You jackass. You're fair. Right.
27 past 11 at 560 WQM. God, your breasts are beautiful.
Absolutely.
What a show.
What a totally amazing.
He did it. He did it. He even killed Paulie.
That'll try to park in Jersey in the dark. Maybe snow.
It was a cold war. It was good. We'll take a run over my shred but that cat.
What the hell's up with that?
A body crab being a final show.
I wish the body got hit with a piano.
Fun for the park.
Whoever hears him obvious.
Never mind.
The grand old.
Just the grand old.
Why not just back home?
Kill the way.
Yeah.
The will over.
Why the hell not wake up.
Kill me.
Kill me.
Or give that car a medal.
So, Trent.
Oh, Trent.
What a scale.
What a scale.
What a totally amazing.
That's even chasing the fun.
He did it.
He even killed Paulie.
Well, no.
God, your mouth being a big family.
That's okay.
But wait too much.
Hey, hey.
That's the fresh little pond.
It's always feeling down with the fleet.
I almost fell asleep.
The trail.
The world is crappy.
Final show.
I wish the body got hit with a piano.
Fun for the park.
Whoever hears him obvious.
He'll find.
Never mind.
The grand old.
Just the grand old.
Why not just back home?
And kill for me.
And so we're over.
For the final.
Why the hell not wake up.
Till we go.
We'll be over.
Or give that car a medal.
So, Trent.
Oh, Trent.
What a scale.
What a scale.
What a totally amazing.
That's even chasing the fun.
He did it.
He even killed Paulie.
Well, no.
I'm a 33 27, I'm a 65, 62.
I'm a find I got my voice back after an hour and a half of.
I guess I was just testing it out, you know,
like trying to find the right pitch.
It's right at the right pitch.
We got the Marlins game at 1130 on Thursday.
Haha.
Oh, 1130.
I mean, are they crazy or what?
Huh?
I have an a noon game on a Thursday.
I've no one's going to be 180 degrees in the shade.
Oh, it's going to be a lot of storms too.
But Crystal's standing by to do a rain,
rain delay show for a couple hours, won't you?
Oh, yeah, of course.
873 on your Polkress, 873 vote,
and by I will have over 900 by the top of the hour.
Man, talk about legendary or what?
What a George had yesterday 40 votes.
Don't be picking on George.
Now he's Ellen.
He's puking his on his hands and knees.
Wouldn't be the first time.
And somebody facts this in about the sell-out Phil Henry.
Are you sure?
It says we have good news and bad news to report.
What is this from?
Do we know?
Do we know where this came from?
No.
Do not.
It says the good news is that Phil Henry,
the most innovative and creative talk show host
since the legendary Bob and Ray Show 30 years ago.
Stop third man!
When we returned to Airways on June 25,
that was yes-turd today.
The bad news is that Phil show will be distributed
by Talkway Do Network, a right-wing syndication company.
According to the Phil Henry news site,
the veteran host has said the show might not have a comedy focus.
While all Talkway Doers syndicators with the exception of Skare America
and possibly Westwood One are dominated by right-wing talkers,
TRN is especially committed to spreading its right-wing ideology.
The company is headed up by one-time hypnotist and current right-wing Christian
Theologian Roy Masters and his son Mark Masters.
But a little bit crazy than a bedbogg.
Similar to a Laura Slushinger,
Masters was brought up in a Jewish home and converted to Christianity as an adult.
Oy, a goi.
Now, wait till you're this part.
We asked Henry if he was going to change the format of his previous indicated show
and whether it was going to be similar to the other shows,
Tury Don T. R. Rennett feature right-wing hosts.
Well, I don't know what to think, or right-wing show is, Henry replied,
my show will not be the ones you mentioned,
but I may take the same general position as those people on certain issues.
They don't let the radio brainwash you in the thinking right and left
our relevant anymore.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Well, the sound is complete.
What can I tell you?
He's going to make a living, I guess, right?
Everybody's got to make a living.
Is that a good excuse or what?
No.
So, when did that sell it out, Phil?
Ah, Nazi Bastard.
Pamela Levy writes in smirking Chimp Faith Politics at Obama.
She says, when John Kerry gave his speech on Faith in Politics last September at Pepperdine
University, I thought it was one of the most moving speeches I had ever heard Kerry deliver.
Barack Obama delivered a speech on Faith in Politics at the 15th anniversary convention of his
own denomination, the United Church of Christ on Saturday at the Hartford Civic Center.
Obama said the religious right had hijacked Faith and divided the country by exploding issues
like abortion, same-sex marriage, and school prayer.
Amen, Pamela says.
Amen.
Well, speaking of amen, Brady Quinn was on.
What was I watching this morning?
Who was on the NFL network?
Can you interview?
He looked really good to me.
Anyway, she says, I'm not a religious person.
I've noted here before.
I'm a spiritual person.
I believe it's strongly about the separation of church and status.
I do in freedom of religion, but as John Kerry pointed out in his speech last September,
service and faith go hand in hand, or is that gland in hand?
Barack Obama told the audience that religion has a rightful role to play in American politics,
and he praised people of faith that we sit now using their influence to drive the United
Americans against problems like poverty, AIDS, the healthcare, crisis, and the violence in Darfur.
Mr. Obama used his 45-minute speech to recall the Church's many others proud history of
involvement in the American Revolution and the evolution of civil rights movements.
But somehow, somewhere along the way, faith stopping used to bring us together, Mr. Obama said,
faith started being used to drive us apart.
Faith got hijacked, he said.
If that's what it will be, it's him and the primary is, man.
I'm going to be so, he's just too educated.
He's too smart.
He's got one thing going on.
That's he's a Bill Clinton's wife.
And that's it.
Nothing else.
All you hell are supporters out there.
Get a life.
I have no life.
I can't wait till we get to 900 because then it's going to be really,
it's going to be exciting as hell, Chris.
It's going to be like old times, definitely.
8.79, we only need 21 votes in 22 minutes to get to 900 by the top of the earth.
We can do it.
Speaking of organized religion and that crap, which it is,
this is from SmirkingChimp also, it says, organized religion.
What is it could for?
Absolutely nothing.
Say it again.
War by Edwin Star.
I got it here somewhere.
If I want to do a little work, I can dig it out and play.
War, what is it good for?
Absolutely nothing.
Say it again.
Remember that?
Yeah, of course.
No, you don't.
Yeah, I do.
How about your Chris doesn't remember that song?
War by Edwin Star?
I mean, I don't remember when it first came out, but I've heard it, of course.
You didn't hear it.
You heard the song?
Yeah.
It says, I must preface Mike 2 euro's sense, which is about three US
sense in the discourse with the following disclaimer.
I'm an atheist.
Good.
Notice I did not say devout atheism.
Atheism is not a belief system.
It's the absence of belief.
So saying I was developed, you like saying my grandparents are all devout
corpses.
Death is a negative state.
A state of un.
It just is.
Like atheism.
Without a side, religion of the organized sort to me is more than just wrong.
It's a perfluous in the extreme.
Amen.
Want to believe in God?
Fine.
Do it right where you are.
Go nowhere.
Do not congregate in a special sanctified location once a week.
In the presence of other devotees, God should never be a private experience,
not for sharing, not for display, and most definitely should never be sent to music.
Music in and of itself is a gift from God.
It needs your augmentation with the name Jesus, or Jehovah, or Yahweh,
flitting hither in the dirt.
Leave God on a musical equation.
If he or she exists, they can hear you just fine.
Awake the sleep whenever whatever.
God is always watching you.
That's the chief reason I can't buy the God hypothesis.
It's just too damn creepy.
Google Earth, another than Google Street Program,
are more than I can now bear.
If someone watching me right now, perhaps, but it's not God, or Jesus, or Zeus,
or Aiden, Oden, if something suddenly I can take home.
Be that as a may or may not.
When I find most off-putting about organized religions that by its very nature,
it must gang up on others and non-believers.
It lends itself to a mob mentality.
Put another way, a single person has zero inclination to tell strangers how to behave or have sex.
But get a group of believers together before you can say,
Huzanna, they're proselytizing non-believers.
Missionary position, anyone?
Everyone.
And if that fails, they said to burning or scurrying, or bombing the non-believers.
Organized religions is most egregious for you to follow its own tenants.
Live and let live is practiced with far more frequency and further by atheists than any person
snared in the velvet club stranglehold of organized religion.
It's a long article I'm going to pause.
Can I put it on pause?
Can I put it on hold?
Okay, I'm holding it.
Not too tight, though.
880 on the pool.
As we continue struggling through the dog days of summer,
thank God I'm not here for most of them.
George might be back tomorrow and then again,
I might be the guy on the list.
I'm going to be
on 40 dolphins, but no.
He prays,
this is Andy.
He has incurable tuberculosis.
But there is hope.
Andy has an incredibly hot wife.
Despite Andy's deteriorating physical condition,
he wakes each morning with a smile as he glances over it to amazingly voluptuous reasons to live.
We'd like to give this gift of hope to other termally ill patients and we need your help.
We're cans, companions eating the needs of the sick,
and we're looking for single women who look sexy in a surgical mask to spend quality time
with patients in need.
You'll feel so good.
You'll want to bounce something down.
Cans, they make a man's life worth living.
I'll take your word for it.
14,000 to 5,60 WQM.
We got 887 on the pool.
We're struggling a little bit today, but then again,
see it's not like ordinary winners, people in town.
You know what I mean by that?
No, what do you mean?
I mean, if the kids are out of school and it's the middle of the dog days and there's about,
we're talking to about a third of a deck.
Don't you think?
So you're not holding a full deck, is that what you're saying?
Getting back to this article, show me an atheist and say,
I'll show you somebody not effing with other people.
This is all the commandments we need.
Do not eff with other people.
Which means don't kill them.
Don't rape them.
Don't steal from them.
Don't beat them.
Don't humiliate them.
Don't cheat on them.
Don't be a little lemon so on.
Don't eff with other people.
Why?
DNA, right?
Right.
My one commandment covers a lot more useful territory than the 10 spooky ones
Moses dragged down from the side of mountain thousands of years ago.
Our so the story goes and I don't mean the story.
Without any help from organized religion, I've developed a healthy and socially acceptable ethos.
Am I some sort of a freak of nature?
Do atheists commit crimes with a frequency disproportionate to the approximate number of atheists in the USA?
No, we don't.
That's in the USA.
In fact, while a whopping 0.4% of us in 2000 might have admitted to being atheists,
0.5% of the agnostic and 13.4% of the non-religious only 0.2% of the prison population
identifies with a label atheist.
Meanwhile, about 80% of the prison population happily and gleefully accept a label Christian.
Lots of goyam in jail, baby.
The US population of 2001 was 76.5% Christian,
so it is safe to say atheists do not have a less effective moral compass than Christians.
Atheists have a better one if anything.
Nothing inculcated with the benefits of believing in fairy tales leaves one mind
attuned to reality with all its beautiful brutal truths.
Morals come from actualizing the world and how anyone can be expected to perform that little miracle
with reams of eurazots miracles clogging up the works is beyond me.
Religion is programming.
There is no God, gene, as some eclectic fools have hypothesized.
Religion dwells in the shrinking frontier of human ignorance.
Every time humans come up with a feasible answer to this or that
God recedes a little further into the darkness.
What is left for God to lord over two things?
One, how did all this bellowing get here and two what happens when you die?
Soon most there is an acceptable model for the creation.
The list will dwindle to just one element, death, the undiscovered country.
And it's my hope that one day people will come to grips with this as it is without the fancy
window dressing of heaven or paradise or relicium or 72 virgins.
What tells it lithium? I never heard of that.
Nobody knows?
I have not heard of it. I have not heard of it.
ELY S I U M.
Let's go there for lunch.
Remember they never say what those 72 virgins look like. Wouldn't it be ironic if they all look
like Petunia pig, Porquies sting on the aside, something to pass the time he and bugs money once
again crossed rest and say, Shay up and down how he wouldn't vine, but I digress.
Is that a country underworld?
It's what? A section of the underworld. I see.
Isn't life interesting and wondrous enough without injecting into our day-to-day routine,
the continuous presence of a supernatural watchdog who as far as I can tell doesn't give a flying
eff at the moon. What happens here on earth? Yes, I think so. Amen, howl, Louis, and past the
tell-in-all. P.S., I haven't posted it heavily because frickingchimp.com wouldn't let me access
their site for a month. Why have no idea at times computers can get snooty. It's written by R.A. Roth,
who's written Tales of the Black Earth and Tall Tales. How do you like that? Even the smirking chip
was given as a piece of some crap. Cut the crap at smirkingchimp, you idiots. Maybe they just don't like
it, man. In fact, it sounds like he ripped all that stuff off from me, doesn't it?
Yes. Sounds like my, my religion baby, do no harm and etched it in all the rest of it. It's a bunch
of fairy tales and man-conquicted crap. It's an excuse to hate people and kill people and be
intolerant and ignorant. That's what it's all about. Bring washing be good, baby. Bring
washing works. 897 on a full, we're going to be over 900 by the time the little hand hits the
big hand. By the time it gets to be noon. And let me just tell you, and I know, I know when you're
making a big bucks and they're paying you to do almost nothing, especially all summer long,
people say, well, you're looking for sympathy, Neil, you're four hours is a long time when you haven't
been doing it for a long time. That would be like, you know, having sex eight times today when you
haven't had any for like six months. Yeah, that would be bad. Oh, well, let's give it a shot.
897, here's the pull result. I really like now and then maybe once again before the end of the show,
I can't handle the more because the pull really sucks. In fact, if I was a, you know, if I had
any brains, once we get to a thousand, I should change it for George for tomorrow.
Yeah. Why not? Well, four. We've done that before. Are you starting to like be Mr. Control
freaking out on this show? I know you hate the bedtime stories. It was up to you. I haven't said a
word about the bedtime stories. Oh, I think we've had some pretty good stuff today, some good crap.
If you ask me, I haven't read it all that well because I'm off my feet. By Thursday, I have my
voice back. After that hamster them crud, 898, that's really great. I believe that my dead relatives
no longer existed all except this Dustin Bowen's 370's. This could be one of the five worst
pulls I've ever put up there. And not that I'm, you know, I don't want to start ungrateful to whoever
took the time to write this up and send it in at wherever the hell it was. I don't know where this is
even from. It's from somebody who sent us some other ones every now and then this unfortunately
is not one of their better efforts. It blows. It sucks. No longer existed all except this Dustin Bowen's
377 from ashes to ashes and dust to dust and the audio, the audio and all that crap. You're born,
you live and you die. Period. That's it. Step on an ant. Okay. You think the ant is going to hell
or heaven? Perkatory? You think the ant is going to be seeing an eye, ain't got no body. Somewhere
up an ant heaven? Come on now. It's dead. They're in heaven having great time. 139. Communicating with
me through my TV, my toaster, my, whatever. 138. Are floating around somewhere in the universe 110.
Are like ghosts hovering around watching what I'm doing. 66. Are probably all gathered around,
talking or laughing about me. 39. Have been reincarnated as somebody's pet, fight or feafi or
poopoo or whatever. 11. I think I know what that's that poopoo flatters all about by the way.
And I'll pass. They're probably in wishing I'd go see a medium so they can contact me from the
other side. 9. Nueve. They're in Perkatory having a wonderful whatever time five. I don't know what
they do in Perkatory. Maybe they do the limbo rock, you think? And they're in hell having a hot time
for. I know some of my relatives who I wish were in hell and some other acquaintances who,
if they're not there yet. 904. Holy Moses, man. I don't hear any of you saying it from Chris.
He ordinarily like, you know, when this is just a lot of waiting for the thousand, you know, to get
really excited. Oh, you know, how about the de foudre coming yet? George told me he wasn't coming
in this morning. I mean, he was here, but he was leaving because he was sick and then Miguel was
coming in. So about nine, something nine, twenty or whatever. I said to Chris, I said, where's Miguel?
He said, oh, he just text message me. Give me an order for the food. Uh-huh. Got my sandwich. Good. See,
that's what working on the shows all about. It's really a tough assignment. All you do is eat for
free. That's it. And that's what working on the shows about for a good otherwise, I wouldn't be
able to eat until after two. Yeah. And that'd be a dark baby. Yeah. You're not you're not
getting porky now. Are you not porky now? Never. Don't be fat. Take a look at Chris there. Okay.
A tear will rule my inspiration every day. Take a look. I thought maybe the Humper might be
this. Fat your bell. That was funny. And what they say about Joe. That must have been really
amazing, you know. Yeah, we always missed the fun stuff here. Have you ever had that experience
where you were really talking crap about somebody and then you turn around and they were
like standing right behind you. Huh? I think everybody else. What kind of an answer was that?
That was like have you ever pooped your pants and took me half an hour to squeeze that out of you?
906 votes on our legendary pool. Man, oh, look at this. After a glowing
category of things on all in Spanish. I'm ready. The senator broke into a song celebrating the
Mexican state that's home to the city of Guadalajara. Alisco, Alisco, Alisco,
to tendance to novia. And with that. Hey, Ted, have another problem. Holy moly, do you hear that?
Always like that. Teddy a lot until this morning. 1156 for one. Look at four. There's John
Scropping him. He's there at the old Beach Boys song. Bomberman. Yeah. Bom, bom, bom, bom.
Wow. And that pathetic people are dying like crazy, man, like cattle.
People are coming back in body bags or coming back missing limbs and eyes and crap.
And we got our politicians are singing stupid songs. Well, that's America for you, man.
How's Paris doing, by the way? She feeling okay. I hope that she's comfortable now. Home all
comfy and stuff. This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Men in here a few days now. They only let me out for an hour. They keep me away from the other
in me. I can drop this in the shower. I stand all day in myself. I really miss my girl.
I sit on my cot. It's so not hot. I miss the popper rod. They sure were set somebody.
Was with me to be myself. Made with tells and jokes and traits and smells. Oh man, that would be so great
to be.
All beyond my own alone again inside.
Again.
Probably one who gives a flying crap about her. Needle-Bow is bitch.
Sherwood Ross are good close personal friend. Remember Sherwood Ross, Chris,
that was emailing me on his stories before he was sent into the, yeah.
Well, there you go. It's true you do. He just sent me this and unfortunately I can't print it out
because I'm like technically inept when it comes to printing out these emails. Why do I have
problems with that? I don't know. Well, here's one that says printable of you. Do you think this
is going to print out? Should I give it a shot? Why not? I don't know. I just have problem
printing out emails. It'll print out part of it but it doesn't print out the whole thing.
Come, printing? I don't know but I don't know why. Oh, well we'll see. We'll see that the machine
is humming. Okay. Well, there's Tony Blair. He's got to become a Middle East envoy. All right,
send him there. Put it in the desert and don't give him a map. Total sellout. Bush's poodle,
Tony Blair. Talk about a major disappointment. Kind of like Phil Henry without the sense of humor.
919 on the pool. Now this thing is printing out. Thanks by the way, sure. You're okay in my book.
It's some pretty heavy duty stuff and here it is. Like I told you, no problem at all.
Printed right out. Maybe I just don't have confidence in this. Okay. Maybe my technical
capabilities are far greater than when I assume all the way down it. It says the following
news story about the expanding and secretive US biological warfare operation is from Edward
Hammond, director of the armist control sunshine project of Austin, Texas.
Three Texas A&M University bio defense researchers were infected with biological weapons agent
QFever in 2006. The infections were confirmed in April of that year, but Texas A&M officials
didn't report them to the Centers for Disease Controls required by law. Instead, Texas A&M officials
covered the infections up until now. It legally fell into disclose them despite treatment
information requesting back to October of last year. The QFever cluster is a separate incident
than the 2006 infection of Texas A&M with the bio weapons agent Bruce Sella first reported this
April by the Sunshine Project. Texas A&M is liable for 750 grand and more in federal fines,
including 1.5 million including the brute cell incident for freighted a report as well as possible
charges on the Texas Public Information Act. After a lengthy agreement information battle,
documents received by the Sunshine Project June 25 revealed that the infections were
confirmed in April of last year. On that day, Scott in White Hospital called A&M Professor
James Samuel as well as Brett Maddox University's institutional biosafety officer to tell them
that three of Samuel's lab workers had tested positive for QFever, Coxiella Bernetti. I wonder if
that's kind of John Bernetti. The mechanism of exposure is not stated or records released, but the
one that is being seen. The Samuel something conducts aerosol challenges of fixing other studies
for the QFever bacteria. See there's a part of it missing. What I just tell you about
printing these damn things out. And you said, oh no problem, shouldn't be no problem. That what you
said. That's what I said. It is apparent that Bruce Sella was only the beginning of Texas A&M's
problem since Sunshine Project Director Edward Hammond A&M is infected of its staff and students
with bi-weapons agents and its serial violations of the secret agent ruled amount of law enforcement.
If the US government fails to severely sanction Texas A&M, then they select agent rule might as
well be tossed in the trash can. Adds Hammond unpunished Texas A&M's impunity reduces bioterrorism
act to mere half-hearted suggestion rather than a law to land. Congress shortly did not intend
biology professors to consider law to prevent bioterrorism optional. What prompted the infected
individuals to visit the hospital is not stated in documents received by the Sunshine Project yet.
Three individuals from the same something visited the hospital at the same time and had the same
test for a very unusual pathogen performed. Circumstances strongly suggest a lab accident that
the lab researchers disrespect correctly that they had become infected. According to the A&M records
upon learning the infections, the man actually of the biore safety officer was to report the
accident to the co-chairs of the Texas A&M Institutional Biore Safety Committee who include Thomas Fickt,
the professor responsible for the research who contracted Brucella in February 2006.
But no mention of acute fever incident appears in Texas A&M's biore safety committee meeting minutes.
And in more cover-up, we're probably all going to die from some horrible thing on the least
because of all these biore weapons things that are going on.
Because the US has become the world's number one evil doer, make no mistake about it.
How about a drink, Tony? There's Tony Blath. He likes the evil doer.
He likes the evil doer.
So, welcome to California.
Probably a drink in too much.
This is strict.
Nine hundred and twenty three votes on our award when he pulled.
Do you think we can make the thousand this hour?
Yes.
And then you can give all your seven other way one o'clock and I can go take a nap.
No one.
You're not allowed.
I beg your pardon?
You're not allowed.
And overworked man.
Overworked.
Stretched out.
I got this Amsterdam crud.
So that I can't hear rid of.
Boy, not good.
Speaking of not good, how about that wrestling crap, huh?
Sorry, I'm going to tend to constantly I do it self-thew.
World Wrestling Entertainment,
organization, recently staged the death of its chairman on apparent limo explosion.
Last night, the largest wrestling organization in the world grappled with the real
life murder mystery.
One of them, the apparent murder of suicide, a superstar,
rushed their crisp bin wa, his wife and child inside of their expensive,
expensive and expensive Fayetteville's orger home.
Officials haven't disclosed how the family died.
Other than the sad deaths did not involve a gun.
The details when they come out said Fayette County DA Scott Ballard are going to prove a little
bizarre. Huh?
Nothing bizarre about pro wrestling, is there?
Not.
Deputy's checking on the family if the behest of Benoit's employer,
discover the bodies of the 40-year-old wrestler,
his wife Nancy Benoit, 43, and the 70-year-old's son Daniel,
they have known their home on Green Metal Lane.
Benoit, a native of Canada, in other words, a frog,
maintain.
I see you people out there that can't differentiate between
Anglo-Canadians and frog Canadians, well,
haven't helped us.
Benoit, a frog candidate,
maintained a residence in Metro Atlanta from the time he wrestled for the now-to-funct
Ted Turner-owned World Championship Wrestling Organization.
Most recently, Benoit performed as part of WWE.
He was scheduled to appear in a pay-per-view title match on the night,
who was in no show because of a family emergency that WWE said during the broadcast.
His employers apparently weren't as deaf and easy to check in on the family.
Leading to the discovery, said Sheriff's Lieutenant Tommy Pope.
Murders are rare in Fayette County, especially so-and-aeries like Green Metal Lane,
a rural stretch of the county, where multi-acre mansion-style homes dot the landscape.
In 2006, the Sheriff's Office didn't investigate a single murder there.
Fans tried to cope with the news last night as the blogosphere erupted
and re-dispolief, oh my freaking god, they were saying.
Fans tried to cope with the news. Can you believe it?
Aren't you like Shell Shocked?
We'll be side ourselves.
Over Chris Benoit.
Obviously, all sorts of speculation is running rampant, but I've talked to so many people
and nobody really knows that Brian Alvarez runs Figure Four Weekly, a wrestling newsletter
and a website from Liberal Washington. Benoit began his career in Calgary more than 20 years ago.
He wrestled in Japan before moving back to North America.
While working in Atlanta with a WCW, he met his wife Nancy, who made his several wrestlers and went by the stage name, Woman.
Woman, who did that song? Woman, who did that?
Google it, come on.
At the time, her then-husband Drupal script that had a couple involved in a relationship
as part of an ongoing storyline soon after the two became romantically involved in real life and married.
Benoit's got two other children from a prior relationship.
He joined the WWE in 2004 years later when it's World Heavyweight Championship.
The family had moved into the Fayetteville neighborhood. Have you got it?
Who did the woman?
Chris?
The computer's real slow.
The family had moved into the Fayetteville neighborhood last summer said neighbor Elena Jones.
None of the neighbors we called seeing police at the house before.
Last night about a half a dozen were in the circo driveway. Deputies asked that's chopped off.
A carful of youngsters who stopped to walk in the scene were pulled out by deputies,
frisked and sent on their way.
Who did Woman? Woman, how does it is so?
What? How does it go?
It was on Capitol Records. Was it Peter and Gordon?
What? Why can't you find it?
I'll tell you what.
I asked what you had to do with Man's job. I'll find it.
I'll find it in my billboard book without even googling. How do you like that?
When you can find something without even googling, then you know you got a book.
Woman, I'm sure it's Peter and Gordon I think.
Let's see, wondering, wonderful.
A woman in love?
Peter and Gordon, John Lynn and also did that song.
He stole it.
No one we got shot.
Peter and Gordon, 14, 66, 14 weeks on the chart.
I know it got to number 14.
Woman, do you love me?
Woman, if you need me, then believe me. I need you to be my woman.
Woman.
Are you on drugs or what? What are you talking about?
I'm reading the lyrics.
I don't want the lyrics.
I just want to know who the hell is saying the freaking song.
You'd Bozo.
Just make sure that was the right song.
Jesus Christ, you're parry.
Peter and Gordon, that's when I was talking about
crap and all records.
Never even heard of it.
Worthen by Wolf Mother.
The Monday night broadcast of W.W.E.s Raw on the Weston Network was supposed to have been a
who'd done it in the so-called death of Chairman Vince McMahon,
who was limousine burst into a fire exposed moments after he stepped in,
wouldn't have to worry about it and works for Pennsylvania two weeks ago in another stage,
stunt.
The organization scrapped the storyline following Benoit's death and instead
televised a three hour retrospective on the frog, I mean on Benoit's career.
And unlike the two page hyperbole field news release, it sent out after its chairman so-called death,
the state announcing Benoit's real life passing was Kurt and Matt were fact.
Chris Benoit and his family were found dead in their home.
There were no further details.
Period.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Anybody care.
Anybody with an IQ larger than the thumbnail care.
And the answer of course is.
No.
Hey, do if they care about Pereth.
That's true.
I hated Pereth's by the way.
Wonder what?
Say, and what is this one?
This is a, I've got your friend.
One of your boyfriends watches wrestling.
Well, why do you say boyfriends?
Why do you keep coming up with cramp like that?
Is it your friend?
The friend is your friend.
Brandon is a friend.
He's an I've got my boyfriend.
And it's your boy.
No, he's not our boy.
He's 23 years old.
Does that make him a boy 24 years old?
If he's a watchy wrestling, he's a boy.
How about the old ladies that watch wrestling?
Are they boys too?
Well, at least they're women.
By Peter and Gordon.
Hi, I'm Hillary Clinton and I'm holding a contest
where you can pick my campaign songs.
And I put all your suggestions on my new CD.
Now, that's what I call campaign music volume one.
Here's one by the Electric Light Orchestra.
Not sure who suggested that one.
Let's try Track Two.
It's by Elton John.
I'm a big child and a dear back.
Ooh.
I would have preferred.
I'm still standing.
Let's see what else there is.
Oh, here's something with the flavor.
I like Big Spots and I can't not lie.
Baby got fat.
Well, I think this pantsuit is very slimming.
I want to know who picked these songs.
Hey, baby.
Bill, I should have known.
Don't worry, honey.
I picked out tons of great Hillary songs
like Baby got back, fat bottom girls.
She's sub-cold and my personal favorite.
She bangs.
You know that's not true.
Tell me about it.
Now, that's what I call campaign music volume one.
It's not available in stores.
Call now.
Call me team at 560-129-37 on a pool.
You may get to that thousand by the top there.
And then again, you may not.
And who cares?
Who's counting?
Speaking of counting, this just in from the scum
sentinel so there's a chance it might be true.
The touchscreen voting machines are out after all
in West Palm Beach.
Backing off threats to defy the state's new optical scanner law,
Palm Beach County Commissioners today agree to accept the state's offer
of $4.9 million to buy 768 optical scanners,
one per precinct, as well as other ballot printing equipment for early voting sites.
In exchange, the county will return its electronic voting system
and give most of the 4900 touchscreen machines to the state
which will try to sell them.
Anybody want to buy them?
Let's sell them on QN.com.
What do you say?
I'll show them.
Yeah!
Commissioners delayed the decision on whether to kick in $3.4 million
and counting money to cover costs of extra optical scan machines
and other equipment such as privacy ballot boxes.
Election supervisor, Arthur Anderson,
shaved his request significantly down from 5.9 million from last week,
but Commissioners still weren't convinced.
After closely questioning Anderson on his request,
Commissioners said they wanted demonstration of new paper ballot system
before committing more money.
He's shaving it.
And the budget too.
937, I'll speed it up then and this is so typical.
Even free, free, sirloin stakes for all would be like,
people would turn up their noses, you know, and sound forwards like,
I don't know, well, though, free, they might do it.
Free spending tourist, fun seeking senior citizens,
fun seeking senior citizens.
I guess they're talking about shuffleboard and majong.
You're starting to work by the way, I think.
I am and that's because I'm straining my voice because I'm talking.
See if you would do the last down 40 minutes,
that I would, by Thursday, I'd be just like brand new.
Am I sounding raspy as I would you say?
You thought that.
Graspy.
Yeah, clear.
Do they want to do the rest of the show?
Yeah.
Oh, look, Chris, come on.
You could do it in Espanol.
Yeah, that's perfect.
Listen to me.
Free spending tourist, fun seeking senior citizens and sound forwards,
large population base, had gambling industry in list 4,
casting that Vegas style slot machines would be an instant head
brow candy racetracks, but,
but eight months after the first slot started ring,
these same analysts say they were wrong.
Business that brow is fledgling racetrack,
casinos had been lackluster,
falling well short of Wall Street's expectations,
accordingly gaining industry experts.
The Seminole Travel Florida continues to dominate South Florida's
gambling market, while the racetrack casinos wrestle with the state's slots
tax rate industry in Los Angeles said,
half a very slot dollar goes to Florida's public schools,
which had received $44.4 million as of June 10.
The state projected in February that the three race track casinos would generate
a $177.2 million for schools during the 2007-8 fiscal year.
That is what I'm going to be doing that the whole rest of the show.
Cool.
It's a crocky as they say in China.
A crocky like,
like that.
That estimate was based on each slot machine at the three-permute tools
in we can average the $219 a day,
so far only one of the three casinos is at that benchmark.
Especially startling is the weak performance of Gulf Stream Park racing in
Casino and Hellenayl Beach, the first of the casinos to open analysts said,
Gulf Stream, where the average age is death.
Each of Gulf Stream Park's 1221 slots den read an average of $70 in revenue per day for May,
$70 in revenue per day for May, according to the state's vision of per-mute tool wagering.
In comparison, the April average for slots along the East Coast was $262
a, according to Joe Wynard, editor of Gaming Industry Observer, and industry newsletters
that puts out a monthly report on the East Coast slots.
Gulf Stream's number is really anemic, he said.
I really didn't think it was possible for a casino in such an attractive area like
Growered County when you get down to $100 a day per machine you are profitably challenged.
It's kind of like Joel across the street, ratings challenged, listening audience challenged.
Profits challenged, all of these things for you Joel, you loser, you idiot, you-
You're fairy!
Gulf Stream Park officially declined to comment on recent revenue numbers,
but if it gnaws in the past that they were slow in marketing the casino,
right?
The early performance of the Al, casino racing in Palmino Park also as Wall Street
revising projections. Before the Al's debut in April many in the gambling industry predicted
the casino's 1500 slots each were generated at least to $200 a day.
The Al built a $160 million two-story casino and contaminated the gambling expertise
of the parent company Alica Precacino's which owns and operates 15 other casinos, including
three Mississippi and one in Louisiana.
But the Al's slots had generated about $202 a number especially or partially being
blamed on the casino opening at the end of the tourist season.
The Al officials declined to comment on revenue figures and of course the tremendous
promotional campaign they're running too is certainly getting the job done. Not
and Broward's third race track, a casino, a Marty Grow racetrack in gaming center,
formerly Hollywood Greyhound Track and spared the best overall with its slots to
entering an average of $222 a day since its late December opening. But Marty Grow numbers have
been falling since February. That month Marty Growge generated 268 bucks a day but by May
those same slots were only making 173 bucks a day a 35% drop.
Van Atkins, chief gaming executive at Marty Growge said the permutials are struggling to
establish themselves as the Seminals have been marketing us to death he said, Amen they sure have.
Every time I read a promotion of Seminals run three he said if I run two TV spots they run
20 if I buy a billboard they buy six. Gaming analyst Dennis Forrest,
a managing director at Keybank Capital Market said the Seminals have demonstrated the power of
their casino's brand. I mean who wouldn't want to go to the Seminals and try those make-believe
saw machines right? They're fun. What are you talking about? The make-believe machines
of the Seminals we have to play bingo you don't even know if you want to lost. You have no idea
how it even goes but it's cool when the coins go up. You want the credit to go up. What were
you talking about at the Seminals? I don't think anyone including myself could appreciate
the strength of these Seminal names in that market both hard rock and coconut creek he said.
While the Seminals don't make their financial records publicly available analyst said they
think the tribes machines could each be generating is 500 bucks a day. Speaking of ways to
with the Marty Growge commercial just that. Lots of odd time. That's with bingo style slot machines
which typically are viewed as less lucrative for casinos than the traditional style Vegas
machines found in the racetrack casinos. Real slot machines as found in the paramutials,
real slot machines baby. The Seminals market position is further solidified because the
tribe has got no gaming agreement where the state doesn't have to pay taxes on gambling revenue
analysts said leaving the tribe with more money for marketing and advertising. In contrast the
racetrack casinos keep less than 40 cents of every slots dollar after the state the county cities
and horse dog owners take their cuts. Seminal gaming CEO James Allen acknowledged that they made 2006
meeting with federal and state officials at the tax rate on racetrack slots gave the tribe a
clear advantage. The state did a subfavor by the high tax rate that is imposed on them so there's
not a lot of dollars and cents left over for them to get into a marketing work with us at Allen
according to a transcript of the meeting. Look at that purple. Nice. The Seminal Hard Rock Hotel
Casino near Hollywood with its 500 room hotel and entertainment shopping district has become a
destination spot less vulnerable to seasonal fluctuations that Deutsche Bank Indian analyst Elizabeth
McNellus. We believe that the Florida race transfer will continue to be challenged in the head
competition against the Seminal Tribe given the tax advantage enjoyed by the Seminals and more
amenities such as hotel hotel retail entertainment. Road Morgan Joseph Gaming in list Adam Steinberg
and a June 4th report on an Alacopree stock. Several slots players in the Sun Central
interview at the Gulf Stream Park casinos in November opening said they're now back gambling at
the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock has lots more to offer the shopping area all those restaurants said
Doris keeps 68 of baby. It's similar to Vegas. Only in Vegas Doris they got real machines honey
not airsots not bingo. The Broward race track casinos must develop their property so
often so they offer more than gambling analysts said the first page of the Villasagel Stream Park is
68 for complex stores. Conno's hotel and movie theaters expected to be completed by October of
next year. The Alacopree scene in the market graph talked about building similar developments.
Adkins said he hopes the recent legislation allows ATM machines at the race track casinos as well
as extend dollars will provide a boost but he said the key to the permits will success will be the
legislation lowering the tax rate so more money can be something to capital improvements in advertising.
I don't think there's a bigger market than software for this kind of gaming but we're having to
compete with non-paying tribes at can say non-paying tribes as in that's them.
But you go there and you continue giving the engine your money okay it's all I continue to go.
Well that's not much to me. It sounds to me like you're regular there. Oh yeah.
You know how much of a cut the state's getting out of that don't you?
I'm not. That's right. Oh the big none zero. Zipity do not know. 947 on Chris's pool by the way
he started to do a little tap dance in his seat which he means he's excited about a thousand or
he's got my Amsterdam disease.
The biggest name of the biggest name is that's that's the one official home for Miami dolphins football.
So I'm back just into the end.
What's radio? 560. QAM.
Thank you baby.
The hottest theme park in Florida is ripped from the pages of the world's hottest publication.
Maxim World. Let's go to fantasy land and ride the stripper mountain polar coaster.
But dude we gotta get to the water park and put a t-shirt try out.
No magical world of Maxim Magazine.
Bus sound of our pages and into our very own theme park.
Should we ride the double decups or see honey I shrunk the G string?
Book your trip now and beat the long line.
The same way Maxim helps you beat something else.
Let's go ride it's a small world before implants.
That's lame.
Let's check out the completely bare jammery.
Where else can you have so much fun for just a few one dollar bills?
Maxim um, give me park.
1232 if you're going to Amsterdam let me suggest bring your own oxygen.
Okay read it real uh you know heavily.
Inhale.
Bad air man.
Clammy and cracky.
I might have to be sick on Thursday no?
Boy I always got a plan ahead.
Is that what you're telling me like plan ahead?
Come on it's going to be nice.
I was planning ahead for tomorrow.
He says what if I'm not there tomorrow he's going to do the show.
I said I don't know.
And Miguel says he'll handle it.
We can do it.
Okay what do you think Chris you guys can handle it?
Good quarters in there too.
Where the hell would you like to sit?
At the guest mic?
This three mics.
Oh yeah that's right it's where sudsits.
She haven't been in there so long right?
I got a guest mic here too the only problem is there's no room for the guest is by the window.
So the guest wants to sit his ass out on my patio or something like that.
That would work real well.
Well if it's a nice day.
It's a beautiful day.
In fact what were you telling me the temperature was going to be here today?
It's hotter in hell.
You were telling he was going to be 81 here today?
Well that was like what you were saying on that.
It's already 32 Celsius which last time I checked is about oh I don't know getting close to 90.
It's going to be 35 today in the 90s.
Hot super hot baby.
Sweltering.
The detective is arrested at 15 year old.
They say it was responsible for the murder of two men.
At a graduation party at the Polish American Hall early this month.
Lebron Brown Jr.
has been charged with two counts of secondary murder.
More charges may be added.
Lebron.
Policie he and three others were trying to rob a man who was counting money inside the
bank with all June 17th when that didn't work police say brown tried to steal the man's gold chain.
They were determined to get something from him said Miami homicide Lieutenant John Burmester
Samuel Brown 16 stepped in to help the robbery victim and he was shocked to death police said.
It was nothing more than somebody was coming to the aid of the victim and like so many times
the robbers got nothing Burmester said with bandanas over their faces brown and sprayed the
hall with gunfire also killing Michael Brandt shot 20 and wounding four others police said.
Slime balls with guns baby.
It's the American head of the world.
You want your go up?
You want your money?
You want something so little something something and uh
that's where it goes.
That's America for you.
Uncivilized.
959 in fact I think George Bush may be the perfect president for America right as it is today.
Mindless and violent.
Does that sound a little bit too cynical?
No.
FBI terror watch list out of control.
A terror watch list compiled by the FBI has apparently swelled to include more than a half a
million names.
Privacy and civil liberties have a conceit list is growing uncontrollably threatening its
usefulness in the war on terror.
The bureau says the number of names on its terrorist watch list is classified.
A portion of the FBI's unclassified 2008 budget request,
posted the Department of Justice website however, refers to the entire watch list of
509,000 names which is utilized by its foreign terrorist tracking task force.
A spokesman for the Air Agency National Counterterrorism Center which maintains the
government's list of all suspected terrorists with links to international organizations said they
had 465,000 names covering 350,000 people.
Many names are different versions of the same identity.
Usama bin Laden and Usama bin Laden for the al-Qaeda chief for example.
In addition to the list the FBI keeps its own list of US persons are believed to be domestic
terrorists, abortion clinic bombers for example, or fire bombing environmental extremists
who have no known tie to any international terrorist group.
Combined the NCTC and the FBI compendia comprised the watch list used by
federal security screening personnel in the lookout for terrorists.
Look under a rock kids there's probably a terrorist hiding under there or the boogie man are both.
While the NCTC has made no secretive at the terrorist town, the FBI's consistently declined
to tell the public how many names are on this list. Because the numbers classified in the FBI
spokesman told the blotter on ABCNews.com he's unable to comment for the story.
They gross seemingly without control limitations in AC and UCNN legislative council
Tom Syropani of the terrorism watch list. Syropani called the 509,000 figure stunning,
stunning staggering stunning shocking. If we have 509,000 names on the list the watch list is
virtually useless. He told ABCNews. You'll be capturing innocent individuals with no connected
trauma or a crime or tear. That would be surprised of all of us around the list.
US lawmakers and their spouses have been detained because their names were on the watch list.
Reporters have reviewed versions of the list found included names of former
Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein at a time when he was alive but still in custody in Iraq.
In prison they'll cut a plotter's memorized Musawi and 14 of the 19 September 11
hijackers all of whom allegedly died in the attacks. There's a reason the FBI has a
10 most wandered list right. We need to focus the government's efforts on the greatest threats
when the watch list goes to this level it's useless as an anti-terror tool Syropani be saying.
How about if we just had 80 million names on the list how's that sound?
It found to be a few terrorists in that list.
962 on the pool. You know why I think I need to take his luck and expect to win.
You know I mean to get the flood out of my room?
Okay. Are you not at all into a coma or what? No, you know.
You're what? We're gonna put your ass down and watch list if you don't cut the cramp.
Probably I don't know already who knows.
963 on the pool you need 37 votes. You're not gonna get it by one o'clock by the way Chris I
hate to break the bad news today. I don't want to be the bearer of bad tidings. Not going to happen
by Uno. I've double do it. Why? I bet we'll do it. You're gonna get 37 votes in 22 minutes in
the dog days on the 26th of junio in the middle of the summertime. People are excited. You're back.
Yeah sure they are. I can almost if it's palpable maybe I can almost feel it. I can smell
it. Either that or it's the remnants of those pantaloons from Amsterdam.
The girl's laughing at me that's that's really something. You know I didn't have to tell anybody
that story. I'm so glad you did. Yeah but you are. And let me say it again because I know people
are sadist if anybody tuned in late I told the whole story at the beginning my most exciting
moment in Amsterdam on vacation was I pooped my pants again. But you broke your arm there too
right? I did one. You broke your arm. I didn't break my arm I broke a finger and a bone in my right
hand. So it means to say you don't have much fun there or luck whatever. I want to bet. Let's
be luck. Yeah I think they're from fun to luck. I think you're you're missing you're not
understanding that those two are sometimes go glanned in hand. Just think about it okay. I know you're
a little slow. 21 to 1 at 5 60 WQM we got the mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock are usual like a regular
schedule day almost and we got the Marlon game at 630 and he interests Marlon's in the pirates
the buckoed right now it's time to talk about the main man Anthony Kelley and to listen closely
I think this is the wrong copy by the way. Who's who's account is that now? Which one? Anthony Kelley and
the kind of no idea. Oh hey Guerrero he's as useless as breast on a ballpoint pen.
That's Hank Guerrero. He is totally useless.
Yeah yeah. What's up y'all. He's your boy Z-Mike. See how you do songs with like hooks and concepts
right put me down and I'm trying to go drive him so I know
I need a BXP, OJ, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, N
NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, N
NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, NXP, N
NXP, NXP, NXS, QU maybe it would also be good for sure.
Twenty-year-old, you saw these things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're just things, they're
not
Oh, you don't know the same?
Well, we can notice you're not flamming, but
But I don't sound good, is that what you're trying to say?
Well, I don't think either of us thought she sounded as bad
For most of the day that you know the first hour man my voice was as thin as Karen Carpenter
Bad
Don't you know what I mean by thin you have to be able to project you have to have like yeah like something bring it from your balls, baby
Maybe I just don't have any balls like to be
978 votes Chris is gonna be really disappointed because we won't get to a thousand by one
But we'll certainly get to a thousand shortly thereafter
I would think I would assume and you know I'm gonna do when we get to a thousand
I'm gonna change this horse ball pole speaking of balls. It's bad
Okay, I mean when you got a pool that you two embarrassed to even read it on the air and it's just stupid is what it is
And whoever said it and just keeps sending the polls keep bringing them along and you know it killed today on the pool, right?
Right it served its purpose. I mean it sucks
It's stupid. It's idiotic, but then again the whole concept of that the dead relatives
They're in the ground. Maybe they went a box. They've been in an urn or somewhere like that. You're born. You live and then you croak. That's it
Katrina Van and Hooverland nation writes Howard Kurtz an unreliable source. Oh you bet boy. He make Kurtz hurts
He makes my innards my kiss me's twist
She says here's a segment for next week's CNN show reliable sources
Why is it that the mainstream media treat single-payer healthcare?
Medicare for all is a fringe idea when in fact it has brought support in
A Sunday morning segment devoted to the dissecting media treatment of Michael Moore and his new film
Sikko which by the way hits the theaters this Friday
Howard Kurtz is sure to that more is pushing government run healthcare with no presidential candidate supports last
I checked it's been says congressman Dennis quesimicio a candidate for president not only supports the single-payer Medicare for all
Not for profit health care system but he co-sponsored HR
676 the U.S. National Health Insurance Act along with congressman John Connors and more than 74 other house members
It's a detailed bill which was reintroduced in the latest session in Congress as
Consonant said in the recent presidential form it's time we ended this thought that healthcare is a privilege
It's a basic right and it's time to end this control that insurance companies have not only over healthcare vote over our political system
If reliable sources wants to reign reliable shouldn't it issue a correction?
Maybe devote a segment to media coverage of single-payer healthcare
After all a CNN can devote an entire hour this Wednesday
Meaning Larry King's interview with Paris Hilton shouldn't be able to give over a few minutes of coverage of single-payer healthcare
After all the quennaw of a March New York Times pool nearly two-thirds of Americans believe government should guarantee healthcare to every American
Especially children and a majority are willing to pay higher taxes to get this done
Katrina says she's pissed off and fired up and Larry King is gonna have Paris Hilton on for an hour tomorrow night
The kisser ass to kiss her
Needle-nosed spiny talentless ass. Oh, yeah, but she made that porn over you. Yes, so did Ron Jeremy
Okay, he made a lot more than cheated because he got any talent none
Now I'll say this much for release. You don't look that bad
Sorry Ronnie, you look like crap
Now were you there were you there that they may go?
Did you get the honor of meeting Ron Jeremy in the hallway without Goldstein worth that here?
You were out there. You're lucky. Yes
If you think he looks bad on taper on film you should have seen him and you know and he was very insulted
But I said how does a fat hairy guy like you?
Who's grow fat grotesque hairy guy like you made all this money in porno film?
He like look to be like, oh, what are you talking about? I'm a star. You know, I'm a star
Now it's true and the thing that is in heterosexual porno the guy doesn't need to look good
In gay porno they better damn well look pretty good at least most of them
Yeah, but in heterosexual porno because most of the guy and most of the people watching are male
So that doesn't make any difference what the guys look like. Don't matter
We're not looking at whether they're peed in or through you still look pretty good a hundred years ago
Or Ron Jeremy who never looked good from the day of his birth or Randy West who looks like
Corrible grotesque your gross Randy
And he doesn't care he's there need to be there at all actually
I beg you well no they need to be there. They serve a purpose. They serve a function at the junction
985 oh paracelot and the ancy grace look at that
And paracelot and that and paracelot had a good Bob movement and ate a below me sandwich and blah blah blah
Who cares get a brain get a life America? I have no life
As long as I'm doing in my fresco. I'm okay if I run out of fresco you're on
Only got an hour and eight minutes to go see there he goes again glad is
You know every every time I come down or which is like every couple of months
Mainly to have you know lunch with my close personal friend the professor
But every time I come down there. I realize that it's just it's hopeless, yeah
You look to your left and you look to the right the median ages death plus 10
The other half of the other people in the cars looked like illegal aliens who just jumped off the banana vote
It's just it's just it is what it is you know
Don't be knocking so forward and you made a lot of money out of this time
And you know what I'll take it. Thank you very much for that. Thank you for your support
Thank you for the money and thank you for listening
Don't expect to see me anytime soon what I said and see you later
I went by the way now who did I used to give the adult in season tickets to was that you
No, I wish that was uh
Cordis what cordis you have enjoyed before that who
Joey see
You should take them for a while I think
Oh, that's right. I forgot all about him jokashtelo. I mean you could mention his last name on here. It's not yeah
Well, I'm sorry. I call him Joey see because of them. Yeah
Yeah, that's right. He used to get him. What the hell did he ever do for me
No, he just sat there were Christmas. He's all right
He's all right. He just the you don't call here anymore. Joey see. Okay. Don't call and bug me no more
Used to call every now and oh you need to be on XM. You need to know you know what I'm doing just fine
Okay, I'm squeezing I'm squeezing a few shuckles out of these people. I'm I'm scraping by just fine
I got my new a Mexican young boyfriend living in here with me everything is great and Miguel's gonna come up here to interpret
I
Want to speak to Mexican. No
That listen
I'm not an expert so I can't tell who speaks better Spanish, you know
We because all you people hate each other like poison. It's like the Jews
You know the orthodox and the conservative and the reform and this and I'll hate each other and just like the Christians
You know the Catholics and the Protestants over this Tom Cruise band from filming in Germany
Just I said no because of the act as a association with the Church of Scientology
Good nice going. I told you I love Germany. Maybe Deutschland, Oberolus
They banned Tom Cruise from acting in Germany nice going and not because he ate they got a lot of fruit cakes in Germany believe me
I've seen them done. I mean, you know, I've done
Been there will be done 988. I told you wouldn't get to a thousand by the top there
I'm pretty good. I'm in a little hand if this man
I've been doing this a long time 988 and then when you consider the fact like I said that anybody with a half a brain is
In they're in Europe. They're in there somewhere, you know
Get a thought of somewhere. Why get a thought of here
You ought to go into Jolly Joe's office right now and jump up and down and his desk say I want to race
So I can afford to like him take my whole family to elect the Mexico or somewhere. Yeah, I'll try to go to Mexico
Yeah, I never been to Mexico and I'm not going anytime soon
Well, you're not into the beaches, right?
Is that the big can crew and I am told is it dumb is a toilet never been not true
It's not true. You've been there. I've been to cancun in cosmola two times on cruises
I know not can't maybe was cosmol. What about cosmol is that a dumb?
They were both nice when I went there not granted it's been 15 years maybe but yeah
Well, I had a report from my one of my world traveling friends here online
He said that I forget which one it was either cancun or cosmol was a toilet
Do not ever go there under any circumstances is what he said now
One of them you had to kind of take a a bus ride
From where you go into port you have to take like a 30 40 minute bus ride to get where like the nice beaches and reefs and everything are
So maybe that's what it is, but I just don't expense so long and I remember which was which so let me ask you this
Me goes there a difference between where I'm sure there must be between the way Cubans and Mexicans speak it up
I oh, yeah, yeah, and why what's the difference? I sense for one
Words see the one thing I'm having difficulty with is that my friend speaks
All he's got like you know three or four close to Mexican friends here. They all speak only Spanish
They don't speak I mean he speaks English, but they don't
So when they get on the phone is blah blah blah blah and you know how that drives me up the wall
I'm not the only one that drives up the wall
Well a quick hint. Yeah, if you hear him say everybody go and he's talking about you
I think he knows that word and if he says bullet on he's talking about Chris
Okay
256 and 560 them how many Q.A.M.
Correct them. So one to two hour it's a phenomenon
So uh, where's uh, Davey Gravy line
Back in jail again
I can't believe I'm back in jail again
I
Planned my weekend party and at home with my friends
But somehow now I'm back in jail again. All right back in jail again
With a stroke of judgment
This where I'll never see the light of day again
It's so unfair. I'm back in jail again
Back in jail again
Hey, there's the end made look at me or economy
She's my only friend
Everyone in the world seems to hate me
Oh for me
I'm back in jail again
I can't believe I'm back in jail again
It's supposed to be locked up at home with my friends
So not hot to be back in jail again
One
One oh two at five sixty WQ and we got
996 on the pull we need four more and we're gonna dump that thing. Okay. I'll read you the end result and we'll pretend we never did it. Okay
Okay, and when I change the pull to the other one about the summertime make sure George knows that that's the new pull for tomorrow
Okay, even though he's gonna head start he'll be all excited when he sees he's got eight easy invotes on their own
Let me just say this I may have said it before
I just say that in passing. Okay about all the periscult and crap no matter what it is
you know
So run away bride. It's Paris Hilton. It's all of these things. The guy that killed the pregnant wife. What that was his name? The guy that
God in Britain you know
No, no, that's right. That's another guy that killed your right by the way. That was a classy lady that they are busted with him too, wasn't she?
Man she was nasty and fat and I bet you're her ass weight more than Hank and Jill Bell put together
No, I'm talking about the guy that
What Peterson? Yeah, there you go. What else it's Scott Peterson. Very different. See how fast we forget
It's the media frenzy do you or man? What's the uh the hysterical crap today?
Bet well, I don't think I don't think they're gonna give me the thousand Chris. I think we're gonna be stuck
You say people don't care look at it. Oh 99 we need one mole just one mode to put us over the top that I can get rid of this awful pull
Look at his front gate. They said people don't care
You're a frog friend
What are you talking about CNN?
About the pro wrestler. Yes, what about him? Chris Benoit people flocking around his gate there
There's nobody there just the reporter. There isn't anybody. Is that what they said that there people flocking around?
Yeah, you didn't see all that maybe that's what was going on inside that house. They were a lot of flocking around and another all dead
I mean what what happened was like just something spontaneous they just uh, oh, they're dead
No gunplay involved. Oops, they're dead
Maybe they got a bad batch of grits or like I had in hand for them a bad batch of
Schmitz
Or a bad battle of Schlitz I don't know
Uh 99 they just they refused to do it and they know you want to know why because they know that once we get to a thousand
Not only will I change the pull but I print this one out and then I'll read the result see that it's still
You got 99 down?
Yes
Was that error message number nine by the way chicken neck if you keep doing that I'm stopping payment on the check. Okay, that that was the
You know, I think I think we'll get I'll get a little bit tired of hearing that the chicken I can't get paid
I'd come down there and put a put a pipe bomb in in Joe Bell's desk or something like that that was sawed it in a hurry
Do something rash like that in fact if he won't do it, I bet you'll handle do it
So the Humper was a little bit red in the pus
Is what you're saying of course he's always written the face. How could tell the difference when you're lugging around that much baggage, you know
Have you ever noticed that Miguel that really very fat people always are red in the face
And they get
He's looking to try to see Chris, but he's got his head on
Oh, we got a thousand votes
Oh, man, talk about an exercise from a hell. That's what I holy crap rat man. That was just
Just staggers my imagination. I don't know how difficult that was
Well, maybe they're not listening no more. Can't maybe they want to put up with my raspy voice today
We had that one fax it was a two fax. Oh gee. It's so great to hear you again. Have you back now? And I was the end of that
I think George must be doing a hell of a great job don't you think
I'm thinking George ought to be on least four days a week. Okay. Here's the new poll
What I hate most about summer is the heat the afternoon storms the hurricane season
All the damn kids out of school family vacations meals part-time schedule no sports except baseball or I love summer
I would say I love summer because I like the weather number one and number two. I like that schedule
I'll see how that school is a wonderful thing by the way
What do you mean by that no traffic? No no traffic because there's nobody there don't you understand that?
There's no traffic because there's nobody there just you guys. I love it
Here's the final result on the crap poll
I believe in my dead relics we had a thousand votes even the steven baby
My dead relative is no longer existed all except his dust and bones four hundred and twenty three
People with common sense people who can deal with death they can cope with it enjoy your life now
Because once you did you did for a long time baby. That's the room where I'm hearing
They're in heaven having a great time one fifty five. Maybe not having a great time, but they're having a great time
If you know we had a million people here for the Appride March or with a weekend
Ask me did I go watch any of it ask me did you go watch any no
Communicate with me through my TV my toaster my whatever
145 my pacemaker my toaster me bag my
animal bag
I believe my dead relics are floating around somewhere in the universe
126 silly people are like ghosts hovering around watching what I'm doing 74 where you better be nice and watch
What you doing and who you're doing and how you're doing it and where you're sticking it
I probably all gathered around taking a talking or laughing about me 42 have been reincarnated as somebody's pet fighter or featy or
Whatever 15
I probably wish you had go see a medium so they can contact me from the other side
nine
Error message number nine. I should play that whole thing. You know what you know how long that goes on
He keeps doing the same thing if you have you heard that
Because I know George said he wouldn't play it on the air without just from you. Oh
Almost basically want to struggle and give him a real chicken neck
They're in purgatory having a whatever time because they're in limbo. Maybe like I said they're doing the limbo rock six
And they're in hell having a hot time five
They're dead. Maybe they're done. They're finito ashes. There you know
There history. They're a memory. One thing to be a man. We it's nothing to be a memory
Let's see if we get any votes I've voted for the summer and let's see if there's anything happening on the brand new pool
This went up there. This is the one for you. Oh look at that 24 votes already
See they like this one and that's because it's a good pool. I mean, it's not you know like paper or plastic
Or right hand or left hand or Charmander or what's another toilet paper
Scott Scott
Charmander Scott
Every everything you say you got Scott Peterson and Scott toilet paper. I see a tremendous relationship by the way
Piece of crap. It's got
For real yeah
24 votes in a pool so Phil Henry is officially now total right wing over nights. Good. Well everybody here all the same people are sleeping
26 vote what I hate most about summer is meals part-time schedule 11. Oh
That's sweet. I like it. I love summer five hurricane season five the heat three
All the damn kids out of school one the afternoon storm is one no sports except baseball none and family vacations on why
Family vacations on there maybe they're just a pin in the ass, right?
Well, I'll invent it. I guess
All the gas money. Yeah
I guess at all the pets and other various members of the family get along, you know
Then have a great bearing on it
So Martin's leaving channel afford you know who that is. Yes. Yeah. You do know who that is
Why is that if you hot?
No, no, no
They said you're not even look warm honey
But we know who she is. Oh well
Because if you know who she was I wouldn't read the stories very short and rightfully so because I never heard of her
You know another thing about every time I come down every couple of months all the local channels
There's all these new phases except for Dwight Lauderdale and Tony cigaretteo and a couple other silly people
I don't know who any of these people are they change anchors like some people change their underwear
You know every couple of weeks
bizarre and am I right?
That's sort of you know both hamper pull there Jim Berry still there who?
Berry
That Jim Berry um Jim Berry Shapiro Joe Rosa still there
Joe Rose we love Joe we love you Joe
Jill Martin said yesterday she's leaving WFR channel 4 on July 31 to become a sports and entertainment reporter for MSG Network in New York
Best of luck Jill whoever you are. Yeah, have a nice day
Martin will co-host a sports entertainment program MSG NY at 10 p.m. We've nights and do celebrity interviews in half time and nicks games
That's MSG and
Mm-hmm. I'd Martin do that panther stuff too
She did one earring
Well, what are you talking about? You know I'll do an intermission of one not there's uh there's somebody with the microphone in the stands
I thought Gildi did that
Well before him. I think she did it. Yeah
Pretty well
I'm not gonna start knocking gildi because he's not all this week with Kenny and it's got to be an improvement over a goop ball over a bow camper
By the way, that was a hell of an apology gave on a ear bow camper not
And he's on my case and so he's he'll come back and accuse me again. Oh there goes Neil hiding behind the skirt and Toronto ripping me
I'll rip you right here face you told totem pole jackass
Cool in my ass
Martin 31 to grew up on long route. It has been wf 4's number three sportscaster for five years
I've gone back and forth because of how happy I am here
She said it just feels like an opportune action pass up writes very
Jackass not Jim very very jackass in the hurl this morning
I'll best you like to you drill like I said whoever the hell you are
Whatever you are
Miss Roger on DVD now Lindsay lowhand star in a Disney remake about a lovable car that guzzles more event gas
Kirby completely loaded
Man have you been drinking? Yes, yes, but I haven't been driving well who's driving them?
It's Kirby. He drives all by himself
Hi, Kirby
Kirby completely loaded you'll love the wacky adventures
They'll go one and only love both and his hard partying under age donor
Man you're under arrest on suspicion of driving under the influence
Harry don't say anything you have the right to remain palan
Hey, what is this white powder on the dashboard? It's herbie's it's herbie's icewear
Sometimes you got my legs
Kirby completely loaded from Disney and coming soon
Kirby goes to rehab okay people we have someone new joining the group today
Okay, 17 at 560 WDQM a divided Senate degree today to reopen debate on that controversial immigration bill
That as President Bush lobbied first passage because he and his friends in big business want all that unlimited supply of
cheap labor porn across the border
The Senate voted 64 to 35 to open talks on legislation though final passage is uncertain given the level of opposite to provisions that would legalize millions of undocumented workers while hardening the nation's borders
This bill will not get it done without Republican support
Senator majority leader Harry Reid warned before the noon time vote the vote came after L. President
Today we knew this call for action asking the Senate to pass what he called a careful compromise you arrive
You know who needs to be in jail not Paris Hilton but the media people who are putting this crap on here to center the jail
I think both are all the things that they're going to be talking about Elliott mince will be meeting these the publics will be meeting like Larry never see Elliott mince
And speak out wait now well what's the holiday is a Christmas time when they have like mince meat pie
Is it Christmas or Thanksgiving? I believe it's Christmas. Oh
Do you read that? I
What kind of people I I've said the kind of people need mince pie is the same kind of people need span
Ew goyam
Am I right? I don't know I don't expand me neither
Well, I'm not saying all goyam. I mean if all goyam were eating that crap, you know be a bad bad situation
56 votes on the new pool already wait till George comes in in the morning assuming he does now
Let me just let me just go out of record very forcefully and carefully is saying two things
Number one if it rains on Thursday and that game gets like well, they wouldn't postpone it anyway, right?
They would start it and then they would go into rain delay during or but I mean if it was pouring a game time
They would like just have a rain delay and they would hope for the best
That's number one no matter what happens right here at 11 30 although clearance in his inimitable fashion
He can't make a schedule out for lover money
He's got near rogers 10 to 1 30 on 11 30 on Thursday watch yourself
10 to 11 30 and then the game marlin's on deck pregame show 11 35
So what do we do between 11 30 11 35? I got an idea what we could do for five minutes in there
Yeah, oh, you know anything else for that huh enough of that back for five minutes. Are you crazy?
You don't like that anymore? No, not anymore
What about you of course you tear that yeah?
I think well of course I have an indication now that George played a lot once once
That's because we probably yelled better for doing so
Are you out of your mind you're already sick and tired. That's one of the classics of all time
Yeah, what?
Tired of you don't agree?
You're what you try to say without coming out in Santa because you don't have the co-hones to do it is that I killed it
I've played it too much. I wish you're trying to say yeah, I think
You know some things are so good that you can't play in too much
It's like sex you can't have too much and it's the same thing with this you can't play it too much free camp
So in other words don't play it normally as I was you tell me oh please
I
I thought that would like stand the in addition to which not only is it a great bid
But the editing the editing he did was so brilliant you almost think that he knew what he was doing
You know what I'm saying? Oh, I'm gonna you would almost think he was coherent while it was happening
And the number two point which is far more important than the thing about that stupid ball game on thursday because you know
I got to be here at least for part of the time thursday regardless but tomorrow
If George is sick again, which he was predicting that he would be just glad to come on
What was it you were so glad to come on not you're gonna make yourself found not
Not and I think we've seen as in not a handpark okay, maybe not a handpark
Remember Robin Hood and fire tuck well tuck that idea right in the old the show the forest
Yeah, forest gump
I will not be doing the show tomorrow of jurgis six so you know you get together with clearance get the brain for us growing
Maybe in fact jurgis suggestion was the beast which I thought
No, it's right
You're not eating again, are you I'm still eating
What are you talking about I think you said you had a sandwich yeah, that was half of it not me and the other half
Oh, okay, no beast can we agree on that no beast
I mean, yeah, I mean it's not personal no no part of it might be but in a no way
I got a good idea for a guest replacement for George tomorrow. Don't don't don't do it. What do you say?
Crank him up, baby crank him up wind him up and let him loose
Maybe I got a better idea maybe hello me his bag for my next trip. What's the better idea? We'll just play his bits instead of him actually be in here
No, that's a good idea to play all the mobs all the ones we can still play that's already for our really really good ones. We can't play
In fact, let me give an example
If I can find the one of my very favorites
No, no, no, no, I'll find it just relax
Uh, there's Jorge Phil. Oh, here it is
Oh
Welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mohawada David a show we have a full duck it today
Including the cavalcade of our stick-to-it athlete interviews
You don't have pipe smokers to land it
That's what we can't play we can say pipe smoker and pink cigars we can say that
But that particular why it's got to it's called
Guzzling gaze is what it's called
You know the one aha okay
On a five-to-four decision the Supreme Court ruled that the group of taxpayers did not have standing to sue the US government for its funding a faith-based initiatives with federal money
The decision high-end versus freedom from religion foundation was written by Samuel Alito
The second Supreme Court just is appointed by Bush according to the website a website
Scott us that blog.com and they add this is screwed up
This is from the raw story, which is usually pretty dependable
Scott us blog the group people for the American way slammed the decision is threatening the first amendment
First the first those kids get slammed with the
This smoke a bomb for Jesus whatever it said and they they can't have that banner and now this
It's a bad day for the first amendment the Supreme Court just put a big dent in the wall separation between church and state
And a big smile on Pat Robertson's push said Ralph Ness the group's president of the statement
Today's ruling will make it more difficult for citizens whose tax dollars are being unlawfully spent to subsidize religion to bring a complaint in court
It's also content consistent with a broader strategy by right-wing judges and activists to restrict standing for average Americans to challenge powerful government and business interests
But in Lido's decision that justice was dismissive of the worries of the plaintiffs in the case none of the parade of horrible
Respondence claim could occur has happened the courts knew as justice wrote
And the unlikely event that any do take place Congress can quickly step in
In a second fight before ruling the court ruled at schools. Oh, this is the one I just had about the long hits for Jesus
In a third fight before ruling the court decided that a Wisconsin-based anti-Aversion group should have been allowed to run
So-called issue ads in the two months leading up to the 2004 election the decision opens away for interest groups
Business and unions to make greater efforts to sway federal elections justice Robert's rope the opinion in that case what a surprise
Probably with some assistance from the other right-wing lunatic. Oh, it's token Thomas
Long hits for Jesus my hands. He said long hits for token time
Hey, y'all my name is class you jean Thomas. Yeah, I knew be the best. Thank God. We got no hypocrites in politics or in radio
So once that's a wrestling match between Hank and Joe Beltingplace. Can you imagine a crowd we can get at the Orange Bowl for that?
Paperview baby
I'm thinking that would be better than that W.W.E. crap and maybe nobody would get killed although
It's a hump or fell if he did that pull on Joe. That would be the end of his ass wouldn't see him no more
Thanks God, what about 400 pound advantage there?
Or maybe they could do like an at-scene from Mercury him for a dream
The Jennifer Connissine maybe Hank and Joe Bel could do a little ass-to-ass scene
Can you envision that now? No, no
I don't think the Orange Bowl could hold it
We have to find a slightly bigger venue
Your official home for Miami Dolphins football
Sports radio 560 QAM
Beyond God
The next installment of a most controversial video game of all time
Clean theft auto Vatican City
Out of the way your holiness this pope will be of mine
What the hell?
See you there, Hackboy
Ran theft auto Vatican City
Time to go beat up some nuns
Right up right right over this Jehovah's Witness
Woohoo
He's knocking on heaven's door now
You did an esports acrolegious
135 60 double QAM
I see the panther is signed that Thomas Vaucruon the goal is good going they need one desperately they shouldn't hate any
Yeah and
Wait trying to correct me on Hackie now you want to tell me about the least getting poscimal you want to tell me about that deal who
So that's that's the extent of it. Okay. You wouldn't know Frank Mahavallich from Frank Sinatra
But anyway the point is um can we save Vaucruon on the air as Vaucruon we're gonna get upset about that too
We're gonna have Al Sharfeth the door if we call him Thomas Vaucruon that's his name
The Vaucruon Meister
78 votes on the second poll today. We got a thousand on the first one. So we're going over 1100 total
That's our way of cheating now. That's pretty good in the middle of the summertime in the dog days
Pro rest their crisp bin wall wife and seven year old son found dead nothing new I noticed wrestling entertainment air to three hours
But a beep but a loop but a while last night dead after WWE founder Vince McMahon made this tragic announcement
tragic is the word in reality
W.W. Superstar crisp and wall is white Nancy and their son Daniel. Yeah are dead. Yeah
The bodies were discovered this afternoon and they're not now you know
He said in reality because everything that you was fake correct. So in other words he had a preface it by saying in reality
Uh as if you really believe it or you think this is another stunt
Because you're all a bunch of lemons. Oh sorry Brandon
79 votes on the new pool when I what I hate most about the summertime is Niels part-time schedule 30 30 people said that so far
30 man the heat eight 16 hurricane season 15. I love summer 10. Well, why not
All that end kids out of school five
No sports is at baseball one. We're sure hate that here on Q.A.M. and across the street man
They must be
Colushing from the lack of sports they must be done because we got the marlins at least this year and then next year
We can let them lose the money on it
Well, are you at least they got practice man? They're used to losing tons and tons of money and of course our way
No sports except baseball one family vacations one and the afternoon storms
Solamente uno
Out of 79 votes on the new pool. I think it was a stellar idea see me when I 81 vote now
Well, I said suggested that I was going to put the new pool up when the other one had a thousand
Miguel immediately said no no because whatever I say is it's wrong, you know, it's in the wrong language. It's just the wrong idea
I don't know I don't know when it was that you decided to turn against me. Oh, and by the way, I should check
Maybe I can do it now right on the year that'll fill a minute. Uh-huh
No, I want to see how many friends we have on a my space thing because you're the one at the start of that and thank you very much for that by the way again
You're welcome very much
Because I've made some fine friends on my space one in particular, but the few others as well
Let me see
We turned to uh oh, you know, that's evil. This thing is evil, isn't it?
I should probably play the my space a bit while 1450. Oh, you already checked?
When you're cheating because you're you're on the right thing so
1450 now, aren't you impressed by that? It's a nice even number
And you were thinking well if we get to a thousand of you
A thousand thousand thousand would have been fantastic. Yeah, and 1450 whatever is better than fantastic is super
Expedalicious
Uh, however that's super duper super duper or expedalioscious. Uh, how does that thing go?
Super caliphazelica super caliphazelistic xplodotus. Yeah, I'll decide out of mind who that will ever saw that
You will, it's on to it
Most of today's youth are not eligible for military service good for them by the way
Because they're too fat too weak not smart enough and prone to drug use and criminal behavior
Oh, according to a panel of senior military officers
That sounds really promising doesn't it? Let me read that list again
Most of today's youth are too fat
too weak
Too dumb and prone to drug use and criminal behavior other than that they're fine
We're all victims of our own pastive sense
We have a con conscript mentality that there's a never ending supply of perfect high school graduates
That are over the horizon coming at us to fill every job we have said vice admiral John cotton
Well, I wonder if he's kind to Joseph cotton or my good buddy cotton baton
Commander of the Navy Reserve. I'll tell you what he said. We're about to be shocked because they're not there
Cotton spoke on a panel of recruiting and retention with officers from the Marines army and Air Force and a conference on
Transformation warfare hosted by the U.S. Naval Institute and the Armed Forces
Communications Electronics Association of Virginia Beach
72% of American youth between the ages of 17 and 24 are not eligible for military service for fitness
Academic and law enforcement deficiencies cotton said starting national statistics at some 30%
Man youths drop out of high school now that that's scary
30% of male youths drop out of high school
That's almost a turd
Did you know that
Did not and you wonder why there's so many dummies running around holy crap rat man. That's bad
Steve and duck and enable Academy graduate former assistant defense secretary for manpower and reserve affairs
Moderated the panel discussion on recruiting and retention. You can talk about acquisition technology and all that's important
But as John Paul Jones said
Men mean more than guns in the rating of a ship don't consent a lot of other general officers have said the same thing
We win or lose based on our people
Based on our people just like us here at WQM. We win or lose based on our people
You know what I'm saying? That's right
And we've been doing a lot of losing lately now that next trend coming out a week from Thursday at 10 o'clock in the morning that great
Well, I guess I must have played my cards right for this summertime
Because this Thursday we got the ballgame at 11 30 or 11 35 whenever they decide to start the pregame show and a week from Thursday
We got the ratings coming in right at 10 o'clock
Right at the get-go
So that should kill a good hour anyway, right?
Yeah, is there anybody who was ever born who can milk those numbers better than I can on your kill some really excellent time and make it very dramatic and you know
You know, no
Hungry both even on the new pool so we got 1100 today
Chris is proud as a peacock. He's as proud as the NBC peacock
aren't you? Oh, definitely
Violent crimes committed with firearms and Florida exploded last year while the states overall crime rate dipped slightly
According to preliminary stats posted yesterday the FDA
Murdered statewide totally 129 a 28% increase from a year earlier
The number of slangs with a firearm is soared 42%
42%
Robert is fine 13.4% of those with a gun rose 20%
This comes here after then governor fat ass jambosha attributed Florida's declining crime rate to
Gun ownership right that may sense to me if more people have a lot more guns they're gonna be no crime
That's right. You tell them jib you fat ass moron
You pinak idiot you lunatic you evil doer
Law-biting citizens that have guns for protection actually probably are part of the reason why we have a lower crime rate
He said news conference last July and what if that was before after he was worried about Terry under she was after she
Croaked
After they pulled out the she-up
Arthur C. Hayho executive director the Florida coalition to stop gun violence
Lames the skyrocketing statistic on the accessibility of guns both legally and illegally
Wow
And when we have shootings here in Canada, guess where most of the guns come from that are used in those shootings
Guess what country they come from a USA
Come from Detroit and Cleveland and barbaric places like that
Guns are available available to anybody. Hayho said it's a desperate situation. We're drowning in legal guns
Rounding to see a gunfire baby
Areas patrolled by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office. Excluding areas of west of 20 mile bend and Wellington for example
Saw homicides more than triple
11 murders were reported in 2005 while 35 in 2006 the number of rakes were essentially flat
From one year to the next but the number of robbery series from 612 in 2005 to 831 last year
Point and beach also saw the number of homicides jumped from one year to the next
Officers there worked nine homicides last year had only one killing in 2005 rakes doubled from 4 to 8
robberies also spiked from 139 in 2005 to 361 last year
In central Florida, Volusia County at cities had the biggest increase in crimes with 9.5 percent
Uh, this is an interesting article you want to know why it's in a Sun Sentinel
And it's got everything except Dayton Broward as they continue pandering to Palm Beach County. Why is that you think?
You think just because they're pandering to Palm Beach County in the Sun Sentinel and they think people up there are going to read their rag as opposed to the Palm Beach first you think that might be a
Maybe
What about Dayton Broward you morons Broward is where most of your readership is for Crann out of it's got Volusia County
It's got Brevard County. It's got Orange County Lake County, Oceola County Seminole County, Polk County, Polk Saladani, Polk you uh, Polk this Polk that
Wow
The
Crann rate calculated by crimes for 100,000 residents was nearly twice as high in the city of Orlando than all of Orange County
Well there's a lot of angry people in Orlando. You know a lot of angry red next with guns which is not a good combination for peace and tranquility
Crazy people with guns not a way to live
But what do I know? You know just not one of those gun nuts
20 to 2 a few and I want what's the story to George Cargill and Sam Puken like that's out of it
Have you had any communication from him? No
Because one thing I'm going to tell you right now no matter what text message you send me in the morning
And I'm sure that that might be part of the the scheme. Uh, it's not it's gonna fall on deaf ears
Well, I mean, I'll probably hear the buzz on it black for you know, but but that will be it
You know what I'm saying? What do you say?
So when you're considering alternative plans for George calling in sick tomorrow, which he he warned me that it is a good possibility
Uh count me out remember that song count me in by Gary Lewis in the playboys
Well, this is by old and Neil and uh, whatever and the gay boys count me out
Ain't gonna happen
You love it at the ballpark now get that great stadium organ sound every day with the personal stadium organ
The personal stadium organ is perfect for any occasion to hurry up a long line at the DMV next
next
next
When the boss is angry
And when you and the missus are in the mood are you ready on it?
It's the perfect way to root on your humdrum life
Get a personal stadium organ today
I guess if she's ready then a good organ couldn't hurt 146 14 go to a qm we got
121 votes on the new pool while you are smoking a day Chris. I don't know what you're smoking but it must be pretty good
Yep
The CIA released hundreds of pages of internal reports today on agency misconduct that triggered a scandal in the mid-70s over domestic spying
The documents detailed assassination plus against four leaders such as Fidel Castro
Incredible the testing of mind and behavior ordering drugs such as LSD on unwitting citizens
Why are tapping of US journalists spying on civil rights and anti Vietnam more protesters opening male between the US and Soviet Union in China
break insidoms of xe.i. employees and others all of these things
The 693 pages mostly drawn from the memories of active si officers 1973
We're turned over at that time to three different investigative panels
President for its Rockefeller Commission. They sent its church committee and the house's pipe committee. That's pipe with a pee
The panel spent years investigating an apple file. I don't want vote camp are coming on next week
They do you hear you call somebody or pipe? You know that that'll be next
Onobee and of course toast and Robert will say oh yeah, we heard it. We heard it
The panel spent years investigating an apple fight on these documents and their publicly forced in the mid-70s filled tens of thousands of pages
The scandal solid the reputation of the intelligence community and led to new rules for the CIA
Beyond other spy agencies and new permanent committees in congress to oversee their ass
These documents also were one of the products of the Watergate scandal
Then CIA director James Lussinger was angry to read in the newspapers that the agency had provided support to the SCI agents
E Howard hunt and James McCord who were convicted in the Watergate break-in
Hunt had worked for a secret plumber's unit in Richard Nixon's White House
The unit originally was tasked to investigate and and leaks of classified information
But ultimately engaged in a wide range of misconduct all of these
all of these things
In May 73, Sussinger ordered all senior operating officials of this agency to report to me immediately and any activities not going on or that have gone on the
Pass which might be construed as to be outside the legislative chart of this agency
The law establishing the CIA barbed from conducting spying inside the USA
The result was 693 pages of memos that arrived after Sussinger had moved to the Pentagon and had been replaced by
Chief William Colby
Columnally elementary for the contents to the Justice Department
These are the top CIA officers all going into the confessional and saying
Forgive me father for I have sin said Thomas Blanton
Directed the National of the private national security archive which a requested release of the documents under the Freedom of Information Act
Inside the CIA Colby referred to the documents as the skeletons
But another name quickly caught on and stuck the family jewels baby the family jewels
They first spilled into public view. What that's a bad choice of words
They first spilled into public view December 22nd 74 with an article by Seymour Hurst and New York Times on the CIA spying against anti-war
Other dissidents inside this country the agency assembled files on some 10,000 people
That great. I'm probably watching you as Miguel. I know that you know
Cuban Chicago put all these things together
subversive it sounds like to me and that name Esco bar boy if I don't smell a drug dealer there
Why me who he does? Am I right Chris? Yes, definitely
I didn't hardly keep coming in here
Our government watchdog excited with the White House today on their yesterday on the legality of a controversial recessive
appointment my president George W. Bush the senators who sought the GIO's legal opinion
Renewed their sharp criticisms of the president for his elevation of St. Louis based businessman Sam Fox to the ambassador ship of Belgium
The White House's abuse of the recessive appointment and clear they care more about paying off cronies
The nominating ambassadors with good judgments and Amy Brundage a supposed person from Senator John Kerry's office
Congress has had enough and is going to find every possible way to ensure that President Bush listens to Congress about the judgment
Character and honor those who represent our country all over the world. Fact chance
Fox who was sworn in early in June as ambassador to the small European country made a large donation in 2004
To the group swip both veterans for truth the smear and smear group
Senator Kerry was targeted by the group during his presidential campaign and Fox failed to show much remorse for his
contribution when the Massachusetts Democrat confronted him in a confirmation hearing earlier in the year
But it'd be for the bupleran and it be goes on man all the crooks all the time. That's the American F and Way baby
Just like our close personal friend pandar voice said corruption. What's wrong with corruption? What's wrong with that?
Corruption be us in Saudi Arabia baby then that's to them them and the Bushes by the way
You're gonna go see that movie Friday where the Michael Moore movie
I probably won't see it. I'm talking to you and not me. I'm proud. What do you mean not you?
Well, it's in English. Is that the problem? No, I'm not gonna see that. Why not? There's more guns and drugs. Yeah, this you know, whatever
No blood no guts. Yeah
No sex now
Wait for time they go to Cuba
Nothing about you know, it's all about Cuba. That's what I'm saying they go to Cuba. Yeah
And you know, I think you're slipping in your old age man you you should be first in line
You lost the line from midnight you had to be first online whatever theater in a little of anodized opening app
And it's all about the Michael Moore trying to go to Cuba to help those poor bastards
before
Okay, like I said don't watch it. I'm gonna go see it someday. I'll get a bootleg copy
By the way speaking of bootlegs when if George comes back tomorrow Chris you might give him a kick in the ass
Because I still don't have oh there it is
I feel more with Larry King tonight and of course tomorrow Paris Hilton
So I guess most of you watch Paris Hilton. I'll watch Michael Moore
With my good friend Larry
Uh-huh
No, was I starting to say before that that was really I don't have some bootleg
I still don't have spider-man three
And what was the other one I was supposed to get
There's a couple of men that he's getting really really lame on really bad
I'm having a hold that it's in your FedEx
You're being told by whom
Uh, bokeh
What do you mean you're being told by chicken?
I can't he's he's right here. This is the only little body little chat room. Yeah
Well, he's in the little chat room too. Well sent him a message back and tell them records and good stuff for next week
I'm really good at about 30 seconds in my FedEx my ass which is probably where it wants me to stick it
Oh, I'm so pissed off. They don't want to pay me and Joe Bell sucks and joy sucks in the
Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y
Air number nine air number one was when I opened the FedEx package this week and found that disc of it. Oh my god
131 votes on the new pool. They are kicking serious ass for us today, and thank you so much
And I feel like almost like I can speak now. Do I sound like me good?
You know, he sounds so good. I think she'll come back tomorrow
Seven minutes before two in
I
Turn 13
I'm a last birthday
Oh my god
Daddy bought me a doll and he told me to play
I wonder what daddy said if he knew I got 69
He loves today
But my name my name my name is first it on my
I got a prison oh in 1982
I was called at the playground with a keel to
Oh
Now I
You
And email them today and tomorrow I'm wet because her name her age her face is posted on my face
My face right
Hey, baby, you know, you're you really mature for your age
Uh, how about we meet in person
You
Well, now I don't tell your mom
Yeah
Oh
Well, just don't tell your folks
Don't tell the cops
Yeah
Whoa he said
I'm warm in a man
Oh
He said
I'm
baby
My name my name my name
My name my name my name my name my name my name
I'm Sally
And all the long
Patients
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
While you were imitating from my dayout
Well, decided to go get some alcohol
friend
Olgo
