Yeah, you know when G.A.Y.S.U.C.K.S.
Oh, there he comes, he is as you may
Run and bad drive the bitches right off the street
Oh, hey, this poor drug me does and he's not from the mouth
He's on his way to the station and barrel him through your town
He's got a shot against that egg, but we're all you might call him Clown
He's got a lot more sleep than he's ready to cut you down
The George Rodriguez show brought to you by Wallace the Waffle with Ruuffle
I've got a prickly groin
Come away to begin telling you what's wrong with that
You have to realize that we're cheap old
We need to make a sleep
Have a seat, and you need our respect
There is Hilton, such a waste of breath
Are you good, say are you done with me?
Not at all
That pretty spears I think her brain was repossessed
Yeah
Lindy's power is crashing, called Nancy Grace
In Hollywood, there's a lot of pressure
Holy gee, take her cock, he's a launcher
Houston, we have a problem
Problem
Young Hollywood, I'm sick of you
What do you think it'll take to get the proper oxygen leave you alone?
I don't know
No common sense, and it's getting worse all the time
It is a lot like high school
No one has a life cause they just play all day
I read them, I'm just running, man, either
No paparazzi running all over the place
And the paparazzi are outside everything
I think it's that religious, they're taking us face
But we're acting up a little bit for the camera
Hey, Red Neal and Zee, here is please
Go bye, bye, bye
Young Hollywood, I'm sick of you
You are a fixer?
I can go
I don't know
No common sense, and it's getting worse all the time
I feel like I'm in my house in my room
I feel like I'm sick of you
I do not care what people think
There's no common sense, and it's getting worse all the time
Your job is just to be rich
Can't you get that right? How do you damn?
I don't think about it, I can't do it
That's actually a good line from Little Gary Coleman
And he used to be before his parents ripped him off
There's a sad story, I feel sorry for him
You see him doing those cheap old commercials
I don't know how I see him on the commercials
There's one that he does, and I don't even know what it is
I mean, like, like, Erica Strata type commercials
Like, I think he was doing commercials for the gas station cell phones
He sells everything
And Gary Coleman did the same thing, like some loan shark or something
And I feel bad because he had a lot of money and his parents ripped him off
And I don't know if you ever got it back
And he had, you know, he's short because of health problems
You're okay, Gary, I just feel bad for him
Wasn't he on one of his surreal life?
Yeah, yeah, absolutely
And I know, and seeing here's the thing, and I ripped him before
Hey, by the way, everybody's short, just to summer schedule Monday, Wednesday, Friday
Thank you, thank you, I'll be here, you know, three days a week
Neal back tomorrow, short show on Wednesday, Fourth of July, going to be playing some Arctic monkeys
What time are we out on that day?
12-30
Wow, that's almost like a holiday
Almost except that we still have to come into work, we had to shower
Well, at least I shower, I don't know about you
No, I always try, I would hope, yeah, yeah
So anyway, where were we, Gary Coleman and stuff?
But he was on one of those shows with the one that had vanilla ice on there
Excuse me, Rob Van Winkle, who takes himself way too seriously
I understand you're dealing, you know, because he harps about it constantly
This is the record company and the executives and the producers
They made me do that, I didn't want to wear that hair, those pants, I didn't want to do what I was saying
We all feel, you know, real bad for you, Rob
He didn't want to do ice ice babies, so he redid it in a metal version
Yeah, yeah
But he didn't want to do it
I understand
So anyway, when they were doing the diner, I don't know if you ever saw that particular real world, no it wasn't real world
So real world?
Yeah, they made them work in like a diner or restaurant
I think I saw cars and everything
And Todd Bridges shows up and sits down at one of the booths
Oh, I didn't see that
I think the producers arranged it
Of course
And Gary Coleman, they didn't want to go talk to him
There's like one of them?
I don't know, I guess, whatever
And I was mentioning it on Fridays, like when you're in show, give people what they want
That's what show businesses all about, show something, put on a show, do a show, or get off the stage
Don't sit there with your arms folded across your chest
Wait, do that, I don't want to do that
Dustin Diamond?
Right, right, whatever
So you're all paid monkeys, so dance, Dustin, you're getting a check, do what amusing dance
That's all, and then off you go, make room for the next dance and monkey to come out and amuses
So anyway, he didn't want to go over there, so Vanilla Ice to his credit, excuse me Rob
Picked him up
Oh wow
He is quite portable, he didn't just pick him up, he did the like, the wrestler thing where like he reached down between his legs
You know, and picked him up and put him over his shoulders like a fireman's carry
And walked him over there to the booth where Todd was and stood in right next to Todd Bridges
And forced a, well not a confrontation, just they say, how you doing man, how you doing, something like that
I don't remember how it goes, but Rob's like, come on man, do what you talk about when it's right here
One more time for the camera, for the folks, for the people at the restaurant, for the people in TV land
Here's Willis, do what you talk about when it wouldn't do it, he wouldn't do it
Wow
So no hard feelings Gary Coleman about your situation and your parents and your health problems and your height
But come on man
Although I mean I've heard other act like child actors who kind of are known for a lie
Almost all, they don't want to do it I know, I know, I know
So you know who knows
Too bad
Too
Effing
Bad
Almost all the child actors wound up, you know, coming out of that whole thing, effed up one way or another
Ron Howard did alright
He did alright as an actor, he did alright as a director, and he did alright as a dad
Let's not go back and talk about his daughter for a while shall we
What was her name again, Dallas something or other? I wrote it down, it's got a weird name
Dallas, Brynn Howard, something weird like that
Where did I write it? Oh, Bryce Dallas Howard, the chick from Spider-Man, she was Gwen Stacy
She was the wet watery chick in that really horrible M Night Shyamalan movie
What was it, Lady in the Water?
Lady in the Water
Yeah, she was the Lady in the Water
So there's one, I guess the Brady kids
Christopher Knight since he was on the one of those shows that we were just talking about the real life
You know, hooked up with what's her model and everything like that, I guess he got his business together
He did alright with himself, Bert Ward from Batman, I guess he did alright
Although he wasn't exactly a child star was he?
Was that Robin?
Robin, right, he was like, I don't know a teenager or a young adult or something but whatever he was
I mean, I've seen the Batman shows, other than the power of the campy original
I remember too much of it
Oh, please add restaurant bar supermarket, we're talking about recreational areas, B&B interiors here
And this poll that we're doing right now is very similar to one that we did recently but I just said, you know, whatever, you know, I ain't into the pole business
If someone sends a poll, we'll probably put it on
We'll probably put it on, thank you Charlie Bee for this one
I know it's like recreational areas like places where you go to play and have fun and health club is going to win it
So I wouldn't know, I don't go out much as actually in the lead, that's funny
I'll get into yesterdays in a second here
But here's what's going on currently on NealRiders.com
In addition to a whole bunch of stories that you should probably be reading
And you should especially be checking out those stories because I ain't reading any of them
I got some, they might be on the website, they might not
People send stories in, I look at them if they're interesting, I'll talk about it
Medisinal marijuana story in New Mexico for example, you know, I'll be talking about that
Some other stuff, I'm going to be talking about a fish that can slither its way up inside your urethra
Now have you never heard about that before?
Until this weekend?
I guess I must have, but I never like really, I never got a full on presentation of it with like the name of the fish
Where it lives, what it does, and here's some pictures
Yes, you know, I haven't seen that much but I've heard about it and I've heard about what it does
I've never liked that a long time ago
That pandiru fish is a small fish
It might not see it that way
But everybody else with a urethra does
Good, God Almighty
Here's one for your nightmares
Got enough to be scared of?
Well consider this, there's a fish that will eat your penis from the inside out
Sorry, strong scream
Let me get an appropriate one
I'm sure
If not worse than that
If not, yeah, like that continuously, like you're done on hitting that drop kind of continuously
So here's the poll right now, thank you Charlie B, what rec facility is the best place from your own personal experience for meeting attractive people for dating rather social purposes?
Very long question, I paraphrased it on my notebook over here for one I refer to it
It's like what rec facility is the best place to hook up?
Could have left it at that Charlie B, but I was too lazy to even rewrite your question, how do you like that?
I just forwarded it to Chris and said here you do it
We can add stuff and there are some redundancies that I could have trimmed it and if I'd had time and the inclination I would have taken like the YMCA over there
Even though I know that to be a good place to hook up
But not that I have, honey
But I could have
That was in your younger days right?
I never went to the YMCA in my younger days
That's kind of helped you out there
Only during this stage of my life am I a YMCA member
And I go there all the time
I haven't hooked up at the YMCA honey
But I could have
Anyway, health club and YMCA, YWCA are they not the same? What is a YMCA, YWCA, if not a health club?
Well I've never been to a YMCA so I don't know exactly what they do there
It's a health club
Wates and everything like that
They have the spinning, the exer cycles, they have boxing, kickboxing
You can take kung fu which is actually called Wu Shu
The martial art is actually called Wu Shu
Interesting, kung fu just means an excellent in a endeavor
You can have good kung fu in cooking, good kung fu in radio hosting, etc
Everything that you would expect to find in a gym
It's like a gym plus
They have the childcare there
While you work out
Basketball, racquetball courts
Does that not sound like a health club?
Yeah, it's actually a health club plus because a health club one could conclude
As a place where you go to exercise
The YMCA is that but also you go there to play games as well
Athletic type games besides working out
And then they have all this you know they have the aerobics with the giant ball
They have the stepper aerobics you know everything
So I think it's redundant Charlie but hey whatever I don't care
So health club is in the lead as far as actual answers
Because what's in the lead right now is I wouldn't know I don't go out much
70 swimming pool 17, casino 16, bowling alley 12 pool hall 5
The YMCA, I'm going to have Eric take that out
Hey Eric, add the YMCA votes to health club and then take YMCA off of the air 3d
Scating rink which is going to come in not last
But I voted for just out of sympathy because I know from personal experience
As a matter of fact I got to say if you added it all up
I probably hooked up as a result of the skating rink more than any of the other plays
Just because in the days when I was hooking up that's where I was hooking up
How do you like that?
Does that make any sense?
Oh yeah of course
Of course we've hooked up from bars but did we put bars on here?
No
No
Because that's what one one we took the other pole
Well it's a bar recreational facility
It can be but we're leaving it off of there
That's the obvious answer in it will win and we've all hooked up there and everything like that
But it's like I'm trying to think if I ever hooked up at a bar with someone that I had just met there
You follow?
And that's down here that's how it works
That's everybody else's personal experience but when I was in Montana every time I hooked up with someone as a result of being at a bar with somebody already knew anyway
Highlight for Anton too
None yet for video arcade slash game center racetrack computer gaming center, huh?
That hell is that?
Community rec center zero I know they have these internet cafes before
Do they even have I mean not I'm not talking about Starbucks but I think I saw some ads for places that just had just here in the internet cafe
Yeah just I live with a lot of computers and stuff like that
Yeah I believe they have them here
How about this
We'll change computer gaming center to internet cafe because I don't even I'm not you know
What is that a computer gaming center as opposed to an arcade a video arcade
And community rec center zero which again I alright I guess ping pong recall
That's like for youth group type stuff
That's got zero votes and I have no idea if it's going to get any
But that's okay because once again some of us really don't give a rat's ass
1015 on idle care radio 560 WQ I am
It's the most anticipated movie of the year from director Michael Bay
I look fabulous
Transbestites from another world may come to our planet to be pretty
Oh so pretty and witty and gay
Oh no please help
No shoes are to die for I must have them give them to me or die
Transbestites the fate of the earth rests in the hands of one cross-pressor with the power to stop evil
Who are you?
I am preoperative prime leader of the fabulous follow me if you want to know
Who will win the fabbubots or the evil deceptive dressers led by make a queen
Preoperative prime we need it last make a queen
Red dress really make you look fast I will try you
Transbestites more than meets the eye I mean I'm not more than meets the eye
Ooh you have no choice 13
1025 60 WQ I am here's the poll from the weekend started this on Friday I reckon
What's the most unpleasant thing that ever happened to you while you were
Dining out we got 1,446 votes on this and speaking of eating out did so last night at the
Blue Moon fish company I'll get to that in a minute oh it's a river house yesterday
How do you like that so we can compare and blow some kisses to some fine sponsors who
Hope to sub I forgot my certificate last night one that pan you know what that means
Right gotta go again sounds good yeah most unpleasant thing that ever happened to you while you were
Dining out got root or bad service 4,07 and that's what I voted for I guess some of these you know
Would have been more interesting if I had some of these other stories to tell but I don't there was a bug or
Worse in my food 162 I didn't find things in my food before I found a screw once a toothpick another time
But that wasn't the worst experience
In other words I still voted for number one because some of the stories that I could tell and I've had more than one
Or way worse than getting a screw in your food my date was a spaz 127 my credit card was rejected 122 I
Pubed my pants 114 should I bother getting the drop it took me forever I won't I forgot to bring my wallet
100 I became sick and started puking 67 I got into an argument 54 also my happy meal discount coupon
Both were expired 54 a ha ha a mob hit was being carried out while I was there also very funny 53 people thought so my kid was a spaz 49 I arrived too late for the early bird special 40
Management asked me to leave 34 21 people sent my data and I've pan they called the cops on the 18 and 12 each for I peed my pants and I got into a fight
I'm surprised that I mean well the fight I've gotten into argument before but still the most unpleasant thing was the bad service
Speaking of bad service we're gonna have to and it and its Monday today could surprise us but I doubt that it will on a holiday week
I mean I know we're not going to get any audience participation on Wednesday on the 4th of July that's why I'm going to be playing Arctic monkeys all day long
And you know I burned a CD of manic street preachers for suds I forgot to give him the disc I gave him the cover when I saw him the last time
Made a point to take it to him last night because I was gonna see him last night and I did you gave him the cover?
All right it goes like this we're listening to the CD that I made for him in my car at a barbecue
Okay, yeah while having a conversation and
So we're listening to it and I give him the cover thinking that I took the CD out of the player and gave it to him but for some reason I forgot to
So I told him I'll bring it to you Sunday night when we get together to go eat at the Blue Moon Fish Company in Coral Springs where Martha was not because it was Sunday
Oh don't get ahead of me because I got stories about dining there's something funny actually did happen this might crack you up a crack everybody up at the table
Crack the people up at the restaurant all the time we find out the restaurant to us. I have a good dog come out and now unfortunately he didn't get there apparently until like we were about to leave
No problem but we'll we'll swap some stories and see now you totally derailed me and forgot what happened. So anyway I forgot to bring him a CD that's the end of the story
But Arctic Monkeys will be playing on Wednesday so the point that I started out making is about audience participation and
Somebody friend of mine was explaining it to me the other day saying that you know the crowd that listens to you specifically George for the most part a bunch of burnouts
Don't wake up until at least noon and you'll know and I said you know I think that's a valid point because I would say four out of the five people that call
When they do call afternoon make some kind of a reference like they're lighting up about to light up their role and something to light up they're packing the bowl now
Does that not the pattern that that you have noticed as well? Yeah and then the little after 12 they kind of start calling in the coffin it's like dude I just you know just woke up smoked bowl turned you on you know I envy I envy these people that are able to to wake and bake
You mean you've never done that here here yeah no I have not here hang on a drop something lit roller
While reaching for my back scratch right drop the winter roller that's not good you got lots of stuff I've done that in the early days of broadcasting in my DJ days in Montana
I tried both of those things I've tried going to work drunk going to work high
Neither one of those things work well not for me I've got to work with a hangover I've done that as well that also doesn't
Bode well the thing about it is this when you are doing something that requires you to pay attention you shouldn't be under the influence of something that pretty much eliminates your ability to pay attention
Or at least to what you're supposed to be paying attention to they'll imagine going to work at four o'clock in the morning to stock shells each
And everything's just kind of blurry I don't care now I will say this that during the old and overnight days during the old days during the overnight that you know WIOMD when I was a part-timer and had to run the Larry King tapes all night long
Not just me but whoever you know whatever skeleton crew was in the building that's that's pretty much all that was going on
Go over to the to the GTR side we were talking about that last week somebody was calling remember GTR oh I not only do I remember
As a listener right but you know they were ten paces down the hall from us and since they had to kind of stay there because they were playing music
We only had to hit an ID every half hour top and bottom you know that's what I would do is I would go over to the GTR side and hang out with whoever was over there during the overnight
Which was always a chick by the way in case you were wondering either anna Maria or sister squeeze Gabby Rios in those days hey Gabby how you doing if you're back in town
Columbia girl with a big ass and yeah we would chat and smoke and and all of these things and I guess you're not supposed to talk about that but whatever I just did
Because see that didn't require a whole lot of attention I mean if you can't hit an ID twice an hour if you can't hit one button twice an hour
Then you shouldn't be there so you're supposed to idea top bottom not legally but just that the Larry King show that was the format
Okay, you could let it run if you didn't have any spots to insert we often did not so you could just let it run but they had a ten second avail at the top and bottom for the ID and if you didn't fill it the tone was going to go out on the air
So yeah, turn that off fill it with the ID turn the pot back on then go back over to GTR and hope that the joint hadn't gone out
1027 on we're smoking while we're working radio 560 WQ I am 560 WQ A M presents the Hanken Jo's Mac now
And this one uh Joe the dead big bell and in this one uh Hank wears my cheddar cheese cheese makes me feel better
Oh
Your mother
Oh
Stupid you the mother
You know wait a minute am I to understand that the mother
Fair that you're referring to is me that's right
Oh, I don't have to take that from you now you just stand right there while I straighten my tie
Oh
You got any idea what would happen if I closed my fat ass no you tell I break your tongue yeah fat
Banjo strum and brown I love and heck who's calling me fat you and Bruce Beasley should have but babies together what seems to be the problem with you maybe there's something I won't do about it I'm cold
So turn to thermostat up that's your job do boy do boy that's right you as I say I'm cold wear a sweater you're not cold yeah
I'm cold I'll punch you
Go ahead throw your best shot my fist is stuck
And move your fist from my fat fold try
And
Wow you added
Get me a pillow
27 to 11 560 qa m want to say you know gonna miss Miguel around here. He was multi useful could sit him in on the show have conversations with him
He could fill in for me could fill in for Chris over here um you know and now he's gone. He was fired. He was replaced by
Another member of the Raleigh Mafia. I think is that the rumor?
Um, I wouldn't be surprised as a kid well, you know, yeah, I don't know never met the guy
I'm sure he's a nice guy nevertheless that somebody that Joe Bell liked better that he knew from North Carolina
Uh, roll he gets to train him and then they're gonna fire rolling so
It's all just gonna be fun here. How you doing Miguel?
By the way, you love you were right eating alive was the name of that show last night. I want to thank the wife for uh for putting that on for me about the fish
About the penis eaten fish
Good God
Good God Almighty and they promote it
You know they were talking about like like the previous uh when we tuned into it the previous story was about
This parasitic fly larva that this guy got in Costa Rica or Colombia somewhere in the jungle that was burrowing into his stomach from the outside
Not like he ate it wow like they the fly laid an egg on his stomach and
Um
And he had to have it surgically removed and it was big like biggest your thumb by the way
Yeah
Wow, and you're wondering where what's the um if they don't remove it what's the
Final result of it in this like well
It's not gonna probably kill you because it only eats so much before it pupates
And turns into a fly but it can't be pleasant and it might eat more than you would want it to and it might eat something that you're
Fond of like you're in testing or something maybe punch a hole in your gut
Animals and things that eat people and uh and the wife changed it and put it on there because I was falling asleep trying to watch the movie
Doon by the way Josh quarters you were right not that I ever doubted you
But we were talking about doom with the rock before it came out
Uh, you know we saw all the videos and everything like that now
No, it doesn't look very good. It just looks like they're trying to promote the game
Not that there's anything wrong with that
What were the um resident evil movies or about a video game third one coming out?
I know and I want to watch it the second one I thought was just
Great, I mean as one of those movies
I like the first one better not long on plot. I like the first one just fine
But I thought they really tightened it up for the second one the pacing of it was just like
This this just bang bang bang action action action all good stuff the music was good the editing fast tight edits
Very I love that pace and
And it talk about ending and fault ending and stuff. It's just very well done action kind of movie. I have a special thing for millegeau of it
Do you want to see it?
Not really. Okay, it's special
She's a sweetheart. I think she's just fine. I hey. I have her song. She you know, she released a record
No, I didn't she wrote it herself. It's a light little piece of fluff, but nevertheless. I think she's great
Uh, I've been following her and you know since the blue lagoon movie and other stuff and I think she's just fine
She was in the Joan of Arc movie fifth element
Fifth element is one of the daughter's favorite movies. I thought it was a little cheesy and hokey not that there weren't a lot
Like I just thought it was just flowering a very cheese ball, but yeah, it was entertaining. All that way it was entertaining
It had some uh
It had some good stuff in it. There's no question. It had some funny things. The the hocom
I could have done without they could have they could have had less hocom and more seriousness
I thought that I know it was that French guy there's a French dude. That's why everybody in there was a model every chick in there
Including mille was a model of some sort from some time
And then they just hired you know some American ringers and and whatnot
But yeah, she's great. She's great. There's nothing wrong with that
And then there was doom the doom movie another movie made out of a video game and I was just falling asleep
How can you make an action movie boring watch doom and you'll find out they did it. Yes, it was
Yeah, just waiting
And we're on waiting and they're walking and they're you know, you know, there's this corridor and people complain about Lord of the rings being boring
Because there was a lot of walking
But there's a lot of action. Well, yeah, but it's like oh, yeah, I couldn't wait and I'm falling asleep and so I was like
Are you falling asleep? And so yeah, I'm afraid that I'm falling asleep. I'm gonna go brush my teeth
And turn in and so she grabs the remote like well, you don't mind if I change this and like
please
Please and so I come back in and she's got that eaten alive show on
On animal planet or something and right in time for the bug story and then they go into a commercial break
And they're coming up next an animal that attacks you
In your most sensitive area and I was like that can only mean one thing
I don't know what they're talking about. I know what
I'm thinking of when somebody says my most sensitive area
You don't have to think twice you don't have to think about it long
No, so of course when they come back indeed the I thought they were saying candy roux but I think it's pandiru the pandiru fish
Which the natives call are you ready for this the natives call the willy fish
I understandable. Yeah, I wonder why so let's say
It's about as long as like let's say
From your thumb to the tip of your finger like if you look like you're making a pistol thing
It's long skinny fish, but not that long like make a make a pistol like you're gonna shoot somebody and then it's about the length of very thumb to the tip of your finger
That's longer than I would have thought it would be yeah
And it's and it's skinny and what it does is it normally it's attracted to other fishes gills
From by the smell of blood or urea
Which is
You know the thing that you smell when you when you that's you mean in urine. It's called urine for reason
Case people people don't know people don't know a lot of crap
I'm sorry hey if I insulted your intelligence out that you're really is
Sorry, that was for the people that don't
So this local dude and the natives have been telling stories about it for years
This is how the story goes, but they hadn't had a documented case of it really in other words
I'm thinking the natives have been talking about it for years
That means it's been happening to them for years
And if they don't have a documented case of it that means
Whoever it was that got afflicted
Didn't make it to a place where they had cameras
Which means they succumbed to the effect in other words like does this thing just keep burrowing up inside until you die
Or what or you kill yourself from the or you kill yourself. There's an option sure sure that would that would cross my mind
So this guy's out there taking a pee in the Amazon and I'm thinking the Amazon is just full of fun, isn't it?
I'm already it was already off my list because of piranhas
You know piranhas you jump in the water they they swarm at you and eat you um
Okay, I'll stick to the pool. Thank you. No piranhas in the pool right now. Okay. I'll stick to the pool ain't going swimming in the Amazon
But wait no it gets better
Don't worry about the piranhas
What's worse? What could be worse than being eaten alive by a whole bunch of little fish?
Try this one on
So what the fish does is it it goes to another larger fish and it swims up its gills
And then it attaches itself with its expandable spines that can expand spines out all over it
Like the body. It doesn't have just a spine on top apparently
It's got more to anchor it in and like all for 360 degrees around the fish
And then by wiggling it actually moves forward and then once it's anchored in it starts chomping away on
Well continuing to squirm and wiggle forward using its spines to move itself forward eating as it goes
And then eventually killing the fish that it that it invaded but since it is attracted to the
Cent is that what they call it in the water sure of urea the zamazonian guy or this uh whatever wherever he was
He's in the river taken a pee
And he attracts one of these uh pandero fish the willy fish and it does well what you think it does and it goes up in there
And he's got to go see the doctor
I wonder like do you pinch it off at that point do you tie it with a string so it doesn't move up any further
Yeah, I know man. We're all making the same. Hey you talk about the same dance. We're doing the same
squirming wind seam faces
And they had to have it surgically removed and they took all these pictures and everything and I'm like because he can't pull it out
Without it rip in and taking a whole lot of meat with it
Ouch yeah
What's worse than that?
I don't know it could be worse than that
Hey
You guys at guantanamo that are torturing people that um, you know that you're telling us are terrorists
We can only take because the government wouldn't lie to us, you know
If those people were captured and then guantanamo they must be terrorists right or they wouldn't be there
And that the way it works like if the police arrest you you're guilty. Why would they be arresting you otherwise?
Why why why have trials those people aren't having any
So yeah, why don't you just go get you some pandero fish and make these guys go swimming in there
Let me tell you something I would give up everybody. I would give up every name
I would give up family members addresses. You know, I would tell them where where the kids sleep
If you threaten me with a willy fish
What what wouldn't you do to avoid that?
Hey, I'm gonna pull your fingernails out. Yeah, whatever
I'll scratch my ass with a stick
Hey, I'm gonna chop off some fingers. Yeah, well
Whatever you can chop all of them off
I'll get some hooks. Hey, look at this. It's a willy fish. Guess what this does
All right here are the addresses here the addresses
I got some pictures over here here. Let me tell you where their my space pages are
17 to 11 on all willy fish radio 560 wqam
This station presents real American heroes
Today we salute you mr. drunken fireworks later
Our founding fathers set for these inalienable rights life liberty a case of fear and a shopping bag of
Explosives that you set up in your driveway with a cigarette
You mr. drunken fireworks lighter wouldn't dream of putting yourself inside a car in your condition
But here you are putting a cherry bomb in your neighbor's mailbox
Act put one in his trash can too
Pick up today
So the next time your terrified bets are leaving little yellow puddles every time an explosion is heard from across the street
Raise your watered up paper towel and salute to mr. drunken fireworks later a real American hero
Drunken fireworks later called 911 and help it look for his finger 12 till 11 560 wqam
560 560 is our number and date and brown or you know if you want to call and talk to us about anything that might have swam up your urethra
pound 560 is free if you have Verizon wireless or AT&T wireless 8777 856345 is toll free everywhere all to know
It's not just for men too, you know
Your readers. I was wondering. Yeah, yeah, we just have a longer one
Here's an email from jay saying about the willy fish and it's a question and answer session
This may reference to your column blah blah blah. See a lot of people thought this was like a myth and apparently
I was right the first time when I heard them say candy roue and then later on I thought it was pandero
It's k. It's with a c it's a candy roue and I just
Sresht out everybody that heard me say pandero forget that just erase that from your mind and pretend that I was saying can de-ru
The entire time and here's the actual article on the situation
Anytime you want me on October 28th 1997
One of us this is the response to the guy's letter. This is dr. Zoot or something like that
One of us some mod attended a 23-year-old man from the town of ituck waht
On the amazon river who sought medical attention with an instruction of the urethra having been attacked by a candy roue
I guess that's a good way to put it attacked
Prior to being attended the patient remained untreated for three days
And it was only administered medication for pain by the fourth day the patient presented
With fever intense pain
um scurdle edema that's swelling with the scrotum by the way
An extreme abdomen distension from urine retention good god man three days
Without peon
That's uh is that how long it took them to get into the doctor to mean good it was the town that far away
Is that what was going on there
It is amazon
sweet Jesus
surgical removal of the fish was considered but rejected in favor of what endoscopy insertion of a tv
Equipped tube into the urethra the patient was anesthesized with 5% blah blah blah
And the procedure was performed the fish was grafts using an alligator clip attachment on the endoscope and removed in one piece
Fortunately the fish was dead and decay was beginning to soften its tissues
Tension on the spines had relaxed in death and they no longer gripped had the candy roue been alive
It's removal would have been more difficult resulting in greater trauma for the patient. I imagine
The fish penetrated the victim of your re through while he was standing in the river urinating
Actually emerging from the water and entering his penis filling the entire anterior urethra emphasis added what's that?
I see
You know what we're not if you're gonna pee in the river wow standing from the back listen
I'm gonna be up in a tree
If I'm anywhere near that river are you kidding me?
You think I'm gonna get in a boat on the amazon
Of course I was wearing one of those suits one of those old-fashioned diving suits with the lead shoes and the big bell big bell helmet and everything like that not even
He reported trying to grab hold of the fish, but it was very slippery and the fish too. Oh wow and it was forced and it forced its way inside with alarming speed
Whoa good god almighty. Could you imagine seeing the high tube and feeling it see your oh yeah god
All mighty
The candiru's forward progress was blocked by the sphincter separating the penile urethra from the bull bar urethra
Hey, anybody got a map
With the passage block the fish had made a lateral turn and bitten through the tissue into the corpus
I don't know this particular part of town corpus spongiosum
Creating an opening into the scrotum I see
profusion
Flushing of the urethra with sterile distilled water prior to endoscopy induced further blah blah blah
This is just how they got rid of the rest of it. Thank you Jay for this article. This is the details
And it's the only documented case although once again the natives that had stories and already named this fish that so obviously
This ain't the first guy that they'd heard of with this particular condition qa m hello
George Hawaii today. I'm doing better because I don't have a fish in my willy. I don't need a thank god
Sickle was fantastic. Yes, it was I was gonna ask because anybody sent sickle yet the best movie I ever saw
Absolutely finale. You know when you say best. I mean it wasn't uplifting by any means man
I cried at the end of that it was but it was one
And you're breaking up. Thank you. We'll call back on maybe tomorrow. Oh, here's a nice
Commercial for the transformers. Oh, no, it's a commercial for something else
Um, I'm hoping I'm not gonna jinx it. I'm not gonna think I'm not gonna say I'm not gonna predict
You know what I'm crossing everything I'm crossing my arms my fingers my eyes
I'm crossing my stars
That it won't suck
You know have a good story and tell it well
special effects. Yeah good
uh
Big explosions sure why not
high-speed transformer chases and fights absolutely
Do not do not do any of that stuff unless you have a good story a good plot and you're gonna
Tell it well and the movie's gonna have a decent pace
Do you like the diehard movies?
Sure, I haven't seen the latest one and I saw it yesterday and the very D-13 one. Yeah, you'd be high-a
What you'd be kai mother?
He still says it and why it's a PG-13 instead of R
I really don't know I mean, you know even like I went with my parents. He went parents like wow
So that's what I should have seen in his nowadays. I should have seen that over the weekend
I forgot it was out because I wanted I should have I wanted to see something well good
No, I liked the first two. I only seen the scene. I only saw the second one once
I saw the first one a whole bunch of it. Oh yeah, in its day when it that thing came out
It was a it was a wower. It was a eyebrow raising like wow
And understand something to put it into context. I don't know if you recall but during those days uh because you're younger
The only thing that we knew about Bruce
Willis was moonlighting. Yeah
No one saw him as an action dude and when we heard that he was going to be making an action movie we all went
Sure, yeah, I'm so sure like
The guy the funny guy from moonlighting is like totally gonna be doing like an action movie
He's not tough like he's losing his hire, you know like somebody with a lot of hair can't be a tough. Yeah
Sorry, that's how they talk him on time
So I used to talk
But yeah, I used to talk a lot very enjoyable
I was just some things that happened that you know wouldn't be able to actually happen
But you know they're watching and like oh that no you're watching just laughing or just you know wow
That was cool so very good summertime movie just go out enjoy it and you know laugh and have fun
Well, I will uh, I will take that under consideration. Maybe I'll go steal it
But no, that's a that's a theater type of um a movie teen daughter watch the first one just the other day
I don't know if she's seen the second one yet
So we might just want to catch her up before seeing that right now the one undecas Transformers right comes out of
Well some places you can see it tonight otherwise it comes out tomorrow
Transformers. Yeah comes uh you can see some places like eight o'clock tonight. I haven't seen some advertising. Otherwise it comes out tomorrow
Really tomorrow like at midnight. No tomorrow as in opening tomorrow. Yeah
Well, that's compelling. I might have to go see that say you do you better let me know tomorrow. I will I will if I do
Uh, I've been waiting for it. You know, I was way too old to be into the cartoon, but nevertheless
I just I liked it because uh, I like Megatron and I guess um
They have Megatron in this we saw optim that's that's Megatron that you see running around doing all kinds of things apparently
He's a jet. He's not a gun. Well, I mean, I didn't make a whole lot of sense in the first place even though I liked it
I mean, I like the gun anyway
For to 11 on all Transformers radio 560 wq a m
You
Yes, I am
You
Joyce is
To get us
What's you read and destroy? I'll show
Just is a fake
Oh, turn it all of these things
No, no, no, no, no
Hey, any thoughts are you sure?
By
Let me win, just let me win, just let me win
Just let me win
I don't wanna hear anymore, I just talk about me
Everybody else, but I'm not around that show
I take up prisoners, get out of that gate
I can't get this bit of army
I can't get this bit of army
I can't get this bit of army
Everybody's gonna keep it in there
It doesn't have to keep winning at all
It's your way
I might just like you, I'm gonna go to the second
granddaughter for real
Get free normal cards
you know we can't pay no fee
Call to gun, now borrow pay no fee
because you have no pocket hunting
don't wanna lose you
Love for 5-60-WQ-A-M
here's a true story
you might think that I made it up
but it's true, I got witnesses
is sitting at the kitchen table watching TV.
We got it on Nickelodeon so that we can have some Sunday snack
and I think it was early in the day on Sunday.
We're having some Sunday snack in there at the table.
And we got the TV on Nickelodeon for the five-year-old
so that, you know, because there's nothing
on that we want to watch around that time anyway.
Everyone would know it's the better part of valor.
You're going to have a nicer, quieter time
if you just let the kid watch whatever the hell they want on TV.
And so we're watching Nickelodeon
and they're having a promo for the various Nickelodeon shows
that they have.
This particular promo consists of nothing but one fart after another.
All of the different characters on all of the different shows
that have farted.
And so basically it was a chain of farts.
Fart, fart, fart.
They just, you know, cut to this character farting,
cut to that character farting, cut to this character farting,
cut to that character farting.
All the different shows where they have characters farting.
And we all laughed.
And the five-year-old laughed and goes,
they're farting.
And this is kids.
This is Nickelodeon.
This is Nickelodeon.
All the different Nickelodeon shows
that have people farting because guess what?
It's funny.
And the daughters, the five-year-old goes, you know,
she laughs and goes, you know, they're farting.
Because you know, that's what kids do
as they point out the obvious.
Oh, yeah.
And I said, yes, yes, honey.
They are farting.
That's funny.
This is like Bizarro World.
Remember Superman?
Remember Bizarro, the Bizarro character?
Reverse Superman, you don't?
I know it's old and Superman cartoon.
Our comic books were boring.
I never bought any, but other people did.
I don't know who it was.
Luxluther or somebody made a copy of the Earth
and everything on it, but it was the opposite.
Are you following me?
Yeah.
They shot the Earth with a duplication ray
and made a Bizarro world.
A world where everything was the opposite
of the way that it is on Earth.
So it's opposite to the way that it is on Earth.
Right.
Water flowed up hill.
Everything that's right was wrong on Bizarro World.
Everything that's wrong on Earth was right in Bizarro World.
This is where we work.
We work in Bizarro World.
If they have a product that's costing a lot of money
and getting bad ratings, they go and look for some more,
just like it.
They got somebody that's doing a good job.
They fire them with somebody who doesn't, you know,
oh, you know, that remains to be seen.
Let's reserve judgment on that.
I mean, who are we anyway, right?
You try to think of things from a business point of view
and it doesn't even make any sense in that, you know,
spending a lot of money for low ratings.
That doesn't make any sense to me, you know.
And I'm a lawyer.
I'm lousy at math, but even I can, you know,
I got an age during the greater than,
less than portion of math class, you know,
the little alligator mouths, I know greater than, less than,
you know, that's easy to know.
I know the difference between black and red,
whether it's in the Bible or, you know, in ink,
on a ledger, Q-I-M-Holo.
Hey, George, how you doing?
Fine, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, a couple things.
I was a guy that recommended Amy Winehouse.
Yes, she's great.
I don't know if you heard me talk about it.
I've, somebody either sent it to me or I downloaded it,
but I got it.
The rehab song is very good.
I want more.
Well, check out the album because it has a real
feel-spec-ter early hometown sound to it.
Okay, that's when we liked him before he murdered
Lana Clarkson, my girl.
Oh, well, hey, also, you were talking about die-hawks.
I recently watched it the first one, you know,
for the hundredth time.
Right, the most scary part.
The never-ending movie, man.
How many fake climaxes can we put in one movie?
The most scariest part of that movie was when the cop
came out of the Quikkey Mark and looked up at the building,
gas prices back then with 75 cents a gallon.
Wow.
You're right, that is scary.
That was scary.
You got it.
All right.
All right, take it easy.
I wonder if I can just hit enter if it'll fire off.
Oh, whoa.
Yeah, man.
Oh, no.
It fires right off.
Yes, I'm getting back to where I come from.
And she's white?
Yeah, it's white.
Well, I really skinny girl now.
I think that's the time.
This sounds like a fat black woman if nothing else does.
Does it not?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
Like, when you look at her, just like a crazy chatman
kind of a character or something like that.
I like it.
Does any station in town playing this, you know?
How would we know?
Because we don't listen to the station.
QA hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
George.
Call her.
Yeah, did you see that TV series of Grey's Anatomy
where they had that the man that the fish went up
as your new track?
No, they did it on that show.
No, I don't watch Grey's Anatomy.
I'm told that I suppose to and it's really good,
but I never did get into it.
So no, yeah, they had an whole episode where the guy was
supposedly swimming in the Amazon.
And he came back to the United States
and he was having all kind of problems.
And they found this.
I'm going to go ahead and say that the chances of me
swimming in the Amazon are zero.
Anyway, I just thought you might like this.
All right.
I'm glad they dealt with it there.
Jay sent me a whole bunch of pictures of the woolly fish
and they're scary to look at.
QA hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah, hey, George.
How are you?
Fine, how are you?
I'm a static, actually.
I'm a slap happy, happy today for some reason.
Earlier, we were talking about smoking
and I just wanted to reminisce about anamaria.
You brought her off one of the fabulous babes of all time.
Did she still live in town here?
She was in LA the last I heard of her.
Really?
Yeah.
I was just going to tell you, I didn't
know if you know before she was a disc jacket.
She was a professional dancer.
So I don't know if you ever thought.
Who's a perjeehole?
Oh, no.
How about I hang up on you and you never call us again
and tell me stuff that I already know about people
that I know very well and that tell us things that maybe
they don't want on the air.
You know?
Unbelievable.
Unething believable.
You bunghole calls up like he likes somebody
and he's spilling dirt about them on the air.
Go die, sir.
QAAM, hello.
Yeah, George.
How are you?
Not that you support censorship.
That one, what you just did,
wouldn't have anything to do with censorship.
Correct.
It has to do with people's private lives on the air, you see.
See, people have a right to privacy.
So this is somebody that made a personal request
to you to never mention anything?
Are you another one?
Why don't you go die too?
Why don't you go die as well?
You sack a crap.
A unething believable.
Where is this coming from, all of a sudden?
You mentioned somebody's name and unalvested
and there's all these people that want to call up
and say crap about them.
Unbelievable.
A person who, as far as I know, has never done anything
to anyone that I know and I've known them for a long time.
And you bungholes are going to call and take dumps on them.
Absolutely unething believable.
Sensor shit.
Go blow it out your ass.
Go do it on your own radio show you piece of filth.
There isn't anybody that I know or have heard of anywhere
that doesn't have crap they don't want out.
And if someone has something personal or private
about their life and they share it with me,
I ain't going to go talking about it on the air.
And though it doesn't work that way,
it doesn't work like, hey, I didn't tell you not to say this
on the air therefore you're allowed.
It doesn't work that way.
It goes this way.
It's okay to talk about it and therefore it's okay
to talk about it.
Some things are matters of common sense.
This is bizarre.
Out of the blue.
Out of the blue.
And I know who you are to second collar.
Talk about sad and pathetic and I understand
your situation too.
You're a miserable sack of crap because no one likes you
other than the people who are just like you
and they're miserable sacks of crap as well.
QI am hello.
George, what's going on buddy?
Hey, nothing just a couple of bungholes out of the blue
trying to do harm to somebody who doesn't deserve
anybody doing harm to them.
Exactly.
Well, you got all those kind of some haters.
Yeah, I do.
Did you see the thing in the paper today that that Heidi
Flies is going to open up a un-cheeked
for another brothel down in Las Vegas?
Check this one out.
This is going to be called the Stuckbummer.
It's going to cater to just women.
Okay, good for her.
That would be great, wouldn't it?
Okay.
I mean, how do you apply for that job?
I don't know if you're qualified.
I know I'm not.
I'm not qualified either, but I'm going to one thing.
I guess you have to look the part for starters.
Probably.
And that leaves me out.
Sure, all of us.
And the two guys just call,
please them out too.
Trust me.
1113 on 560 WQIM.
Don't worry, it's not going to break.
Hello, this is Vice President Dixie.
Ordering you to forget about the iPhone
that was built by latte drinking liberals instead.
Do like I do.
Use the F-phone.
The F-phone was developed by conservatives.
And it does everything I need it to.
I can get news headlines, stock reports,
and I can receive instant messages from my bosses
at Hatterburton.
And best of all, the F-phone regulates my pacemaker.
Here, let me show you how it works.
Uh...
What the f***?
What's wrong with this f***ing?
What the f*** me?
Does somebody show me how the f*** to work this f***ing?
Hey, uh...
Why did they call it the F-phone anyway?
Oh f***!
1119 560 WQIM.
And just a word about, uh...
You know, censorship since that collar
accused me of believing in censorship.
And I know he's a retard, Namoron,
and, uh...
You know, he would live at home with his mom,
but, uh...
But, rest in peace, she was a nice lady.
Unfortunately, she inflicted him on us.
Scared, picked in socks and sandals,
wearing in bread sack crap.
People get that all the time, you know, censorship,
like, with this whole thing with, uh...
With Don, I have this other censorship, censorship.
Censorship is something that only the government can do, or not.
The word censorship applies to what you can do
with regards to legally, or not.
Do you understand?
Yeah.
See, a lot of people don't, including that moron.
For example, uh...
Not slandering people has nothing to do with censorship.
Not revealing, um...
Private matters about people.
And I know a lot of things about a lot of people
that I could be spilling on the air,
but I don't because, uh...
It would be wrong,
because people can find things in people,
and people tell you something in confidence,
it is presumed that you're not going to be blabbing it to anyone else,
and certainly that you're not going to be going on the air
with that kind of information.
There's an assumption, and a presumption,
correctly, that when someone tells you something in confidence,
that you're not going to go blabbing about it on the air.
That's not censorship, that's consideration,
that's common sense, that's the way that people are with each other,
that this person wouldn't understand,
because he's not a person.
And because you want...
You want to know that you have the same confidence
that a person is not going to say something you tell them.
There is no question that a lot,
there are a lot of people that know things about me
that I would rather not, uh...
not be repeated.
That's how it works.
You share stuff with people,
there's share stuff with you.
It is understood that you're not going to be sharing it with anybody else,
especially on the air,
where you're sharing it with everybody else for Christ's sake.
You moron, and you know that, you know...
You're being censorship.
Go back to your cave, you troll.
You troglodyte.
QAM, hello.
Hey George.
How are you?
I was driving, I heard this two guys that had a call.
I mean, if you're a public figure,
it's one...
What doesn't mean that you don't have secrets,
and that you're not entitled to them?
That doesn't mean that.
That's right, but if you're...
I mean, just to sprout out people's privacy...
I'm going to be Christo.
Thank you, Roli.
Sweet, the real deal man, soft.
I mean, it's like...
Everything is a tabloid mentality today.
Well, see, I don't work for a tabloid.
I mean, we're trying to do an entertaining radio show here,
but it's like, people who are friends,
tell you something in confidence,
that's not material for me.
No, no.
I don't need to know it,
and neither does anybody else.
And these people have a lot to hide.
These jerks you want here are displeased.
Oh, please.
Ah, a lot to hide.
Good God.
They don't have anything that they would show.
Everything about their lives is an embarrassment.
Their face is an embarrassment.
I mean, it makes me sick.
A little privacy we actually have.
How so built that they know doubt live in?
Who knows how they make their money?
Bums? Dreads?
Anyway.
Anyhow, I just...
I just really got...
It just made me mad.
Sorry, it made my blood boil.
All right, have a good day.
And especially considering the person that we're talking about seriously.
Never did anything to anyone.
To deserve anyone saying anything about them.
Or revealing anything that they may or may not want out there.
Who knows?
Maybe she wouldn't care.
Not my call.
Not my decision.
It's hard to say.
Exactly.
Ain't going to be me.
You can tell me something in confidence that's as far as it goes.
I mean, if I can trade it for sex, maybe.
Maybe.
If it's a good trade goods.
If somebody says, hey, you know, tell me somebody else's secret and I'll have sex with you.
All right.
I'll go through the catalog of secrets and say, well, I got something on this one and I got something on that one.
I want to know something about Chris.
You know, they would have to offer up something.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding, no.
No worries.
Not about you.
But of course, consider the source, George.
Just consider the ething source.
Jim Manage coming up at two o'clock today.
We had the power hour.
Hank and the mad dog from four to five.
Hank from Las Vegas until seven o'clock.
Then it's Dolphin's All Access.
Miami Dolphin's All Access.
And until nine o'clock, then it's Jesse Agler.
And that's for a half hour.
That's just the show.
Jesse Agler for a half hour.
Well, you know, they have to fill that half hour before they go to the baseball center.
I'm just so you doesn't mind.
930, it's Marlon's On Deck, a 10.05 Marlon's at San Diego.
And then ESPN Radio, we didn't want to talk about it after that.
QA and Hello.
Hey, I'm sorry, my blood's boiling.
That person hasn't been a very dear friend of mine also for many years.
And I don't know.
I want to get my little hand through the phone, out through the radio speech.
If you wait in the name.
You have to know who these people are.
You understand that they have nothing in their lives, nothing at all.
They don't understand what it is to have a friend.
That's like ragging on Santa Claus.
I mean, you don't have a hand.
There is no question.
I mean, this is the most spotless person I can think of next to Suds Coleman, who I had dinner with last night.
Like the Buddha.
Jesus has more sin on his hands than this person that we're talking about.
Absolutely correct, sir.
George, I'm sorry, I just had to get some weight.
No, hey.
Right with you there.
All right, bro.
Take it easy.
QA and Hello.
I agree with you.
I'm just pushing your butt.
F off you sack.
F off and die.
I agree with you.
I'm just putting, die already.
You piece of filth guy with the eyes.
Can Keith, yeah.
Just die.
You derone fat-ron.
All you retarded fags, which is what you are.
All you cluster forkers, which is all you are.
Just die.
Take your last breath already.
The willy fish has a more useful function on this planet than you do.
There is no other organism on this planet that is as worthless as you.
You lump, you sack, you waste of skin.
The fertilizer that we could extract from the minerals in your body is worth a thousand times your life.
Drones new number, by the way, is 786-274-7533.
That's 786-274-7533.
He's had to change his number because we generated some calls for him.
Don't let him down.
He's a desperate lonely man.
Desperate and lonely.
Just draw it and push your butt.
See, these talk show chronic groupies.
They think that they're a part of the show.
They want to be a part of the show.
They want to wear the flesh to taste the flesh, to be one with the flesh, to be a part of the show.
And it drives them nuts that we don't want them on the show because you're drawing, you're boring.
Go back to the light bulb.
Go back to Steve Kane. That's where you live.
That's where you, you know, they like you.
You like them. Go be together.
Fly, be free. Be together.
You people deserve each other.
And little Brian, the gay board up and all these people go have a great get.
Just get your oil and get in a big pile like you guys like to do.
And just leave the rest of us alone.
We're trying to do a radio show over here.
Something that you think you know about.
But you don't.
If you knew anything about what we're trying to do here, you would know that you're the last thing that we want to hear from.
1126 on all happy radio 560 WQAM.
Bay Alainable.
Are you tired of the same old, safe and sane fireworks on the board that you live?
Why be a woose?
When one county over, you can find the real fireworks you see.
And stubby, real dangerous fireworks.
Screaming bottle rockets.
Have a ever-cute bottle rocket that car?
It's a blast.
Buy a 20 pack of M80s and get a free pamphlet entitled 101 Things to Do with M80.
Slow up a school toilet.
Use his propulsion for your skateboard.
Blow a mailbox.
The list goes on and on.
And we've got giant eight-foot long sparklers so powerful.
They'll fry a lawn in 30 seconds.
Ever taste a lit sparkler?
Mmm.
February.
And stubby's real dangerous fireworks remind you to always wear running shoes.
When using fireworks so if you've carelessly started brush-fire, you can run like hell.
Declare your independence from pansy-ass fireworks.
At stuffing, real dangerous fireworks.
Right across the county lawn.
Remember what stubby always says.
Who needs all 10 fingers anyway?
Right.
29-125-60 QAM is a matter of fact in the town where I lived in Montana.
You could count how many years someone had worked in the mill by just subtracting how many fingers they had left.
Is there one per year or like a year?
35 years or something like that.
So if you had three fingers left, you could do the math yourself.
So speaking of doing the math, not to dwell, but that last half-hour kind of reminded me of a situation here.
You've heard me say before that I don't like talk radio which might sound ironic.
Have you heard me say that, Chris?
Yeah.
And let me just qualify that.
I don't like most talk radio.
Once upon a time I didn't like any talk radio because of what it was or what I thought that it was.
And what I thought it was turned out to be right in most cases.
And what that is is contrived, staged, orchestrated, crap, and boring to boot.
And so a long time ago I found myself in this town getting a job in talk radio.
Grudgingly, I need a job.
I'm going to go back into radio.
FM didn't hiring.
They got an AM band.
We sent some resumes out.
A couple places wanted to hire me.
I'm going to go ahead of choice for the all-new station.
This is how I was.
This is how I was.
I'll go over here.
The choices were the all-new station or the talk and news station.
And even though I didn't like talk, the notion of just sitting there and board-offing newscast from all over the country sounds like a lot of things.
And even more boring than listening to a live talk show.
Because I thought at least if nothing else, the live talk show is live.
And there's another person there and it's not just listening to something coming down the pipe.
You can interact.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes, you can, Chris.
Thank you for noticing.
I can't wait to smoke this cigar, man.
Monte Cristo.
Thank you, Rolly.
Yes, thank you.
Is he fired already?
He said he's still here and he's okay for now.
Okay, until he gets that guy trained and then you're out of here.
At least that's the popular rumor.
So I sat there, you know, here I am grudgingly accepting this job and talk radio because I needed some money and they're training me and they train you on all of the different shows one after another eventually.
And I got around to the show that this guy with the eyes is so fond of.
He thinks it's a real radio show.
The Steve Kane show, Mr. Ego show.
And I had a training session with Nick Lawrence, who I'm still on good terms with as far as I know.
I thought Nick was a good guy.
I mean, Neil always likes to make fun of him and how he smelled and everything.
I didn't notice any of these things from Nick.
I was thought, my big description of Nick Lawrence is, here's the guy with the most even temper of anyone that I ever saw.
Like, he wouldn't get happy, he wouldn't get excited, and he would just say rock and roll, man.
That's it.
That was the one thing from Nick.
And, sure, he was one of the people instrumental in teaching me how to do this talk radio thing.
And so I'm sitting there during a training session watching what he and Mr. Ego would do before the show.
And it was all about what are we going to talk about today?
What position Steve is going to take based on what do you think is going to get the most response from the audience?
And as the show progresses, he's like, try to put collars on that have this point rather than that point.
In other words, shaping the show as we go, telling the producer who to put on based on what kind of an air product he wants to stick on there.
In other words, contriving, orchestrating, contriving, ringer calls telling him, you know, this guy's going to call and he's going to say this, setting up calls, having friends call.
All of these things, excuse me, that would never have occurred to me at that.
Really, this is how it's done.
You know, I suspected that that's how it was done.
That everybody that you hear on the phone is a ringer.
It's a friend of the host or something or somebody that's been called up, you know, that's been told what to say before they call up or something.
Or people like that calling to, you know, this isn't really my point of view.
This isn't really how I feel.
But I'm just trying to press your buttons, which is what that guy said before I dumped him because I'm going to dump him from now on.
Go away!
You retarded Fag. You and all the rest of them.
But that's exactly what the kind of, you know, that's the philosophy that they believe in over there.
That's why, you know, some of this have an audience and some don't.
Yeah, that includes me too.
That goes for the people inside the radio station.
Yeah, a bigger audience than anybody else on this station.
Thank you.
At any given time.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
And some people are on stations that we don't even know what the hell they are.
Contrived, crap, orchestrated, crap.
And you believe in that philosophy.
Great. Go over there where they believe in that philosophy.
We don't stage things.
We don't orchestrate things.
We don't have ringers calling up.
We don't have people calling up where I know what they're going to say.
When they're going to say it.
And another thing, we don't like misrepresent our opinion or our position on something for the sake of a result.
Like a lot of other people do.
It goes like this.
We play bits that we think are funny.
In my case, I'll play songs that I think are good.
And I'll say things based on how I feel about them.
Not based on the results or the response that I'm trying to get from the audience.
And I don't want to hear from people that have anything to say except what's on their mind.
I just wanted to push your buttons.
I just wanted to push your buttons.
Push this.
You got something to say.
Call up and say it.
You got an opinion.
Call up and share it.
You got to comment.
Call up and make it.
But this contrived crap.
This orchestrated crap.
You and your buddies sitting around like a bunch of apes.
I'm going to cut up and say this.
I don't really think this.
I don't really feel this.
But it's going to really get pissed off.
This is what I'm going to do.
Go call the places that like that kind of crap.
That share your philosophy.
Contrived fake orchestrated bull crap.
We're doing something a little bit different here.
You'll never understand it.
Neither will the people that run this station.
QAM, hello.
Hey, George.
I want to wish the happy Fourth of July.
Happy Fourth.
I'm your official Vanne White age character.
I call once a year.
Thank you very much.
What's she up to now?
Actually, I want to tell you something that's really, really pathetic.
I actually saw you.
I unfortunately went niply.
Cross paths with Gilbert.
I see him loitering, basically.
Still, you haven't done the right thing, huh?
No, I haven't.
I'm sorry.
But actually, what happened?
I'll visit you in prison.
I'll bring you stuff.
I'll bring you cigarettes.
I don't smoke.
Whatever it is, whatever.
They're for trade goods.
Anyway, this is a pathetic thing, George.
I've actually seen him at a pay phone on the corner in a show.
They've bring him out.
It's not just us.
You understand obsession isn't a one directional thing necessarily.
He calls Larry King.
He calls all the shows.
He calls everybody that's got a phone at the other end.
He's putting money in the pay phone, though, to call you and crank you.
Right, because we blocked numbers.
I see.
Well, you haven't happy.
He has no job.
He has money, but no job.
You'll understand this is what he does all day long as he drives around from pay phone to pay phone.
Him and all the other, uh, dregs.
Well, maybe he can steal a home with voice t-shirt and make the money.
He doesn't need any.
He's loaded.
His parents are rich.
He walks around in a t-shirt with holes in it and...
He's got bucks.
All right?
Have a good one, George.
And these other people, I don't know if they're welfare cases, if they're insurance fraud cases, if they're doing some workmen's comp scam.
They live with mommy.
I know some of them do.
I know it.
And one of the cases, you know, the guy's got some mental problems, so I think he gets a check because of that, which burns my ass.
Don't call me a liberal.
I don't believe that anybody deserves any money, but they got a problem.
All right, well, they deserve it less.
How's that?
How's that for a response?
Yeah, but somebody with a problem deserves less of my money.
Not my problem.
My family may be my problem.
I'll consider it.
Not my family.
Not my problem.
Yeah, but what's going to happen to them?
I don't care.
They'll die.
Hopefully not leave a big mess.
They'll starve to death and die.
How's that?
Well, what would you...
I would have them starve to death and die.
That's what I would have.
People.
Well, no, that's not true.
I was just explaining my whole social system to someone the other day.
It does involve helping everyone that needs help, and it does involve it.
It's not going to cost us any money because something that a problem that you don't create
shouldn't cost you money, and they do.
We have problems in the world that aren't of our making, and we have to pay for the fixin' of them.
That ain't right.
How about the people that create the problem have to pay for the solution?
That sound good?
Sounds good.
Who decides what's worth fixing it with sign?
We do.
We do.
We the people of the United States of America in order to form a more perfect union blob.
You want to hear the rest of it?
I haven't memorized you know.
Q&A.
I create the problem.
Hello.
Hey, this is George.
Yes, it is.
Hey, George.
Since we're talking about kind of the show and being a little respected here, I thought that I would call up and offer a little contract in here since this year willing to hear it.
Great. Why not?
Go.
Obviously, I love the show.
I mean, my friends, I was talking about how we wait for the summer for you to come on because we think that you offer something that's awkward here does not, which is like, you know, a common voice and talking about things that people care about in the early lives.
However, I know it's lately that you kind of tend to use a lot of speech that I don't know.
I feel like it's like a little bit hateful.
Some sexist comments and some comments that you earlier just called for my fag.
I'm just wondering why does end-
Oh, because I know it hurts their feelings, but you understand that anybody who knows where we stand and myself on the rights of homosexuals and equality and stuff like that.
They know the difference.
They know that it's to hurt them because they don't think they are, you understand.
We men use that term as an insult among each other.
And I've had that conversation before.
I have it with gay friends and they understand.
Other people might, a casual observer might not, but anybody knows that we believe in all the right things and that we're just using it as a figure of speech.
It's just like when you use the word gay to describe something that is lame as opposed to homosexual.
It's like they do in South Park all the time.
I don't feel like that either, but maybe that's just my personal opinion.
Otherwise, I think that using comments like that, even if you're using it for what you claim to be the right reason,
kind of lowers the sense of your argument and makes you sound less educated than you are.
It might be right, but understand this because here's why I use it because I want to hit home.
There are a lot of people that won't admit their sexuality to themselves and don't understand that that's the driving force behind a lot of what they're doing.
For example, heterosexual men do not stalk men.
They stalk women.
So we have a great many male stalkers who are stalking males.
They might not consider themselves gay, but they are.
And so I like to remind them until maybe one day they'll realize that they are.
And once they accept their sexuality and start indulging it and exploring it, I think they'll become much happier people and leave us alone.
I guess that's possible, but that's the point.
That's why I reserve that word for them because if they were heterosexual stalkers obsessed with someone, it would be a female celebrity.
I don't know if it's last week or the week before that you had a poster girl like she was the one who was in that video.
Amber Lee Ettenger.
Right, right, right, right.
I feel like if you were a Turk and a gone better, didn't resonate with so many typical heterosexual responses like that.
I'm sorry if my heterosexuality offends you.
No, no, no, no, no.
We do have the lion's share of our audience or heterosexual men.
And so, and as one, I know that I'm going to be discussing the subjects with her that all of us heterosexuals would like to discuss, like her breasts.
There's nothing wrong with discussing her breasts, but I think that's how I'm going to came across and was kind of more...
A severe lustful, a severe, it's absolutely, and I would do it again.
Okay.
Well, fair enough.
All right, this is a product and that wasn't contrived. That was from the heart or somewhere...
Yes, I agree. I don't think any of your stuff is and that's why we like you.
And nevertheless, and you know, and power to... Hey listen, adoption equal rights, everything for y'all, all right.
Everything, you know we're right hand.
Okay, take it easy.
All right, stop being so gay.
16-12 on 5-60, Q-A-M.
I'm more on terror, result, than what they say.
To get away, what happened, everything's their way.
No but it has attention through their busy little day, while our leadership has gone insane.
16 million dollars is what we all paid to build a bond that makes your head of these games.
They postponed the project when the word got out about a bond that turns a fuck whole ground.
It comes, it comes.
You're them all the way by making them want.
You're them all the way.
Get far, get far, in times of war.
You need a different kind of sword.
Get far, get far, turn the soldiers into back,
Draining them a shingun or a proud of back.
Get far, get far, a madly way to fight.
Let's just massage their nails tonight.
Driven by salting all the movement in here,
He had to go to the Mitchell's had a great idea.
Let's show you the world, who was involved in it,
By turning everybody queer.
Get far, get far, that's what each of us make.
And what the prince leaders, and came their balls,
Game ball, Game ball, what are we going to do?
And they trouble Game ball over you.
And you will see a whole whole two-hour game.
10-12, 560 WQIM, you know, at no, no, no, we're on my notebook.
I got the sheet all full of writing over here, Chris.
Do you see this, all this writing over here?
No, we're is talking about the show on here, but that's great.
We're killing almost an hour talking about the show.
And with all due respect to the previous color,
and I, it's not that I'm insensitive to his feelings,
and it's not that his position isn't valid,
I would like to, I don't know, to say this in our defense here.
And it does speak to what I was talking about earlier about being contrived.
I really wish that I could speak on the air the way that I speak off the air.
We go as close as we can.
Correct.
Okay, some of the things that you hear me or Neil say might come off sounding sexist,
impolite, politically incorrect, not the kind of language that one uses,
impolite company and mixed company, that is correct.
What it is, instead, is the kind of language that we use in casual company,
impolite company, like the way guys talk when they're around us guys.
That's how I would like to talk because that's me.
And I'm not really sexist, I believe in equal rights for women.
And I'm not anti-gay, I believe in equal rights for homosexuals.
The same rights that everyone else has.
I know that, you know that, Neil knows that, everybody in the audience knows that.
The right to adopt, the right to teach, the right to be in the military,
the right not to be fired.
The same rights as anybody else.
It is not a disease, it is not a deviation, it is not a diversion,
it is not, whether or not it is a sin, is up to God,
not any of the faker getchkeys that pretend to represent God.
And that includes all of you who exist now, all of you who have ever existed,
and all of you who ever will exist until one of you can do something more than just claim to represent God.
So it's not even a sin, you are born that way.
It's not a defect, it's not a choice.
And that's the position in case anyone might be confused about that.
The right to teach school, the right to be a boy scout master,
the same rights as anyone else, whether you are gay or a woman or anything.
Yours truly believes in equal rights.
Now that being said, we men when we are amongst each other tend to be a little bit frank and honest and casual.
And we use the word fag as an insult, because guess what?
When you are a heterosexual man, it is an insult, and it is probably not right,
but that is how it goes, and that is how it is said.
Same thing with, I don't agree philosophically with the concept of using female terms as an insult,
but that's how men talk also.
If you call a man a woman or a girl, which is something that men do all the time,
it's probably sexist.
What am I saying probably?
It is.
When you call someone a female body part as an insult, that's not a compliment to women or that body part.
I am fond of both of those things, women and that body part.
Yet it is an insult.
You know what?
It is an insult when you call a man their own body part, is it not?
Yes.
Calling someone any of the gender's body parts as an insult.
But when men are talking amongst themselves and someone displays fear or cowardice,
you would call him a little girl.
You girl, you woman.
Actually you would say something else, but yes, or you female organ.
Yes.
Words to that effect.
Probably not fair to women, especially when I consider and I'm thinking back,
some of the women that I've known certainly would have out, whatever, out machoed,
half the guys in this town, shoot straighter, climb higher, jump off of the taller,
cliff into the water than half the guys I know in this town,
and I would say they're little girls to them.
I'd say you are a weak little woman, and that's just the way men talk.
So, with all due respect to the color and his opinion,
what we're trying to do here on this trying to be very honest and sound,
very honest radio show is talk the way that we talk.
It might not be right, but it is the way that we talk with each other.
And if you want to connect with an audience as I've tried to explain to people on this radio station before,
it is very important to be able to sound like people sound.
We have an overwhelmingly male audience, and in order to draw the male audience
and keep them here, it would be a good idea to talk the way that they talk,
and it's convenient that we just so happen to speak that language.
We all speak the same language, and I sure wish that I could go on the air
and use all of the words that I'm able to use off the air when I'm talking amongst friends.
But we can't. So, we go as close as we can, and guess what?
That's how we talk. QAM hello.
Hey, Josh, how you doing? Listen, you're a good man for all I talk, and it's pretty good.
All right. Listen, two things.
I'm glad you went after those bungalows before, and also that rehab song is awesome, isn't it?
It's a very good song. I like it. I like her style, the voice.
Somebody sent me a picture just now, and it's like, she's not really pretty, but...
Well, the video that she's doing, she needs to be looking at all, but she's definitely hot.
Okay. I'll have to see some more pictures. The picture that somebody sent me, she just looks bizarre.
She looks like Elvira's ugly little sister.
Josh, you all right, buddy. You have a good day.
All right. Have several. Here's the fact somebody asking about the river houses.
We'll get the gift certificates for the river houses they're gone, and unless we're...
I don't know how many times we're going to do this, and if we're going to do the same restaurant again,
if you're listening, or when I see you again, I'll get the answer for you.
Gail, I'd like to go for my birthday this weekend. Happy birthday.
But, and I'll email you the answer in case you're not listening, Gail.
But as far as I know, not anymore, right?
Those sold out. The river house sold out. I think there might be some karma left over.
And I'm not sure why that is. We were talking about it this morning, Duff and I,
about why we still have some karma as a few more.
And I'm thinking that it's in coral gables, and most of our audience isn't in coral gables.
I know that's... I'd have gone there already, except that it's in coral gables,
and that's a schlep for some of us.
I never did get a chance to talk about Luminfish Company last night in dinner with the Colomans.
What a great time. And I also learned a little bit of a funny story.
A little bit. Slightly funny, mildly funny. But it's true, if nothing else.
4-12 on 5-60 WQAM.
I'm definitely in a shirt and grow a lot from the 6th round.
So, I don't know. This one would be on 26 years old.
I'm an adult, and I have to just go up and...
I thought a lot of others, just some others, and their daughter would open the end.
I want to be a good model for these girls.
Baby, us!
There is a sense in your society, baby, us!
So, you one lay reeking and start, it's snoring!
Because you're so boring, baby, us!
The most humiliating experience I've ever had.
You're so dumb, you have the IQ of a rotten soul.
If you said you did lots of riding, special exciting towers, how come?
You don't seem to have learned the thing.
You still come up as a big a lady.
Said you rent a Bible every day.
But you think that most is this gay or a bitch.
Who's brain is smaller than two cherry pits.
Now that you're out, you're back to acting bitchy.
With the courage in your bucket with...
Okay, I'm...
There was peace.
What was the way did you get under these?
The force is you to not act like a dummy.
Without a dummy and not a fleet.
Actually, I was playing a trick on her.
I'm the enemy and the first enemy out of the bed.
But you seem just as dumb as when you start it.
Swagly reeks are like 20-row-of-life sand man.
There is your still dumb as a dumb.
I expect you to speak like Boris Gold.
I'll let you even become a star.
By fear of the fact that you have a car, thankful as...
Great of land.
There is still sin your best in bed.
1203-560-WQIM.
Speaking of somebody that may or may not be, I'll leave outing people to Neil.
You hear this Anderson Cooper story, probably not.
Speaking of Paris Hilton.
I didn't like or dislike him before.
I just wanted to see the thing about the news people anymore.
Dan might have been the last one.
I don't know if anybody that I guess, Lou Dobbs is the author of his own material.
Neil doesn't like him anymore.
But Keith Oberman, you know, he's on a bad time anyway.
So it's not like I was watching him anymore or less than I am now.
People who are allowed to say what they want to say is what I'm trying to say.
Our rare and few and far between.
But it seems that Anderson Cooper wants to be taken seriously as a news person.
And as such, he didn't want to cover the Paris Hilton story on his 360 show.
And he threatened to quit.
And the CNN boss said, well, then quit.
And so he said, all right, I won't go that far.
I'll do the segment, but I'm not going to use her name.
And he slipped up a couple times.
But otherwise, he referred to her as the defendant.
She, her, etc. and so on because he had such a disdain for doing that story.
And I don't blame him.
Thank you, Anderson Cooper.
You just, you just went up a notch in my book.
There's one guy that doesn't want to go along with whatever,
whatever the star chamber group decides.
That secret group, they must wear robes and they meet and secret and they decide what it is that they're going to force feed us.
I'm in trying to think about it.
Okay, she's rich, but she's not attractive, so we don't care.
Why?
The same thing with the royals.
Who in America besides, and the guy's going to call back is like, why do you have to represent it though?
Because this is a segment of the population that I don't understand.
Fat shut-in chicks.
Who cares about royalty in America?
Fat old women.
I mean, why fat?
Why fat?
Why fat would he have against fat people?
Nothing.
Chris is fat.
I like him.
What I don't like about fat people is that they die.
First, they break your furniture and then they die.
So that's what all my fat friends did.
And my fat brother broke the furniture and then he died.
I don't understand why anyone in America, like there's a segment of the population in America that does things that no one else does, like call psychics.
You know, they can fat shut-in women.
Who cares about royalty in America?
Yet every time one of the royals farts, we have to have a story about it over here.
Every time one of the royal family from England come over here, we have to have all this media coverage of it as if anyone cares, as if no one remembers that we fought a war so that we wouldn't have to kiss royal ass.
And by we, I mean some people that none of us met or are related to.
Some people 200-ish years ago took a stand against hereditary power.
And fought a war and won.
So that we wouldn't have to kiss royal ass so we could feel like we're something.
No matter what kind of a situation you were born into, no matter what station of life you were born into, you're worth something.
Not just those people with titles.
Why we acknowledge people with titles in this day and age?
I don't know. I don't know why we do. I don't.
You got a royal title? F you. Get out of my room. Get out of my face. Get out of my place.
I'm not sitting at the table with you. F you. Drop your title.
Or get away from me.
I'll never understand that to save my life.
And the same thing with this, you know, the Paris Hilton with Y because she's rich.
Who gives a fat F? That she's rich.
So she doesn't care about me. I don't care about her. She's not hot. If she was hot.
Uh, okay. Sure.
There are parts of me that might be interested in following her around and does see what she's up to.
QA. I am hello.
Hey George. Yeah.
Hey, I think you had email over the weekend.
The song, petroleum bonaparte. You can just read it.
Maybe, maybe not. Let me, uh, let me look at the email.
I haven't checked all my email yet today.
Napoleon Bonaparte? No, no.
petroleum bonaparte. It's about George Bush. You got to listen to it.
Okay. I wait every hour on the island.
Okay. I'll check it out. All right, man.
All right. Take it easy. I know I downloaded all my attachments this morning, but I lost track of what I got and who I got it from.
By the way, speaking of the royals and I brought the CD about play it. I want to, hey Tony the Brit.
I really enjoyed the CD that you sent me. Not just the, uh, the Arctic monkeys that were going to be playing on the 4th of July.
What better to play on the 4th of July, but a British pop group.
Oh, yeah. That goes just wonderful.
Listen, it does tie in. Consider this. Now that the war is over and we want our independence, we can all be chummy.
How's that? No hard feelings on this.
The anniversary of, you know, that America's birthday.
We're going to show our solidarity and no hard feelings by playing some Brit pop rock on the 4th of July.
Why not? What do you want me to play?
Bruce Springsteen? See, that's the kind of stuff that everybody else has done.
But there's a morocie song on there that the only thing that's wrong with the song is that it's short, but he's ripping the royals in it.
And I'm thinking, yeah, you go morocie. There's another one that just went up a notch in my opinion.
Rip in the royals. Amen. Amen, brother. You know, the justification that I keep hearing from Brits who think that it's a good idea to maintain these people, you know, they get money. They get tax dollars.
And, you know, they've already got their own money, but a lot of this stuff, like a lot of their lands and houses and everything, are maintained through tax dollars.
And the rationale is that they're a draw. They're a tourist attraction. Have you heard that?
I haven't heard that. A lot of people go to England so that they can see Buckingham Palace, so that they can see the guards.
And if there weren't a royal family, that would be meaningless. So they're not going to have palace guards when there's nobody living in the palace.
And they're not going to have all this royal stuff. And they're great for ribbon cutting ceremonies and this and that.
And I'm thinking, if that's what it is, if it's a tourist attraction, then turn it into a zoo.
Put them in glass rooms, in glass cages, and give tours of Buckingham Palace. And there they are in the room.
There's the queen, here are the princes, there's the royal room, they're up, you know, they're behind some glass.
If that's the deal. If that's what they're supposed to be, there's a tourist attraction.
That's why in a lot of these other countries like in France and in Russia, they knew that some people would never grow up.
They knew that they would never be able to convince people verbally or philosophically to abandon their desire to worship a group of people
because they happen to have applied a title to themselves.
Prince Duke, Duchess Baroness, things like that.
You got a title? I don't want to know you. And you know what's funny is like they offer these knighthoods to people.
You know like Spurs, Paul McCartney, and Sir this nut and who was it? It was a Keith Richards. It said, I know, thank you. Mick took it up. Mick took the sur.
But I think they offered one to Keith Richards and he said, Bollocks to you. Moral someone on a well-roiled title.
Fraggle, whatever, you know, whatever. I don't have a good Keith Richards impersonation.
As a matter of fact, if I did have a good Keith Richards impersonation, you wouldn't be able to understand the nut from where I was saying.
That would be correct.
Yeah, there it goes. A little bit better.
I admire that. I respect that.
Would you be the British Bob Dylan?
No, no, no, no.
Heeey! Heeey!
Because I can't understand Bob Dylan.
Bob Dylan is unintelligible. He might have been intelligible once upon a time. The very overrated Bob Dylan.
I don't dislike him or his songs. He doesn't live up to his own height. The hype that people surround him with, everybody.
Hey, Bob Dylan, I'm telling you.
You know who I'm going to get in trouble by saying all this stuff. Well, I'm not going to get in trouble by saying this next one.
Very few people will disagree with this next one.
Jan is freaking chaplain.
See, I don't know her.
Ooh, you're lucky, man. I mean, here's a lot of songs.
I know her songs.
I know, you know. He's just fine.
Jimmy Hendrix is just fine, but everyone wants me to say that Jimmy Hendrix is great and God's gift to guitar playing and everything like that.
And it's like, no, no, no, no, sorry.
He's fine. He's just fine, meaning he's only fine. He is merely fine. He's okay.
No, I'm doing it. I'm doing his songs.
He's just fine, but it's not like, wow, Jimmy Hendrix is born in his life.
No, no, no, it's just fine. Same thing with Bob Dylan.
Lay lay lay lay. Yeah, that's fine. It's a focus on people make a googoo Gaga deal over Bob Dylan.
They wouldn't make such a saying googoo Gaga deal over Peter Paul and Mary.
And I think they had just as many good songs in the same vein as he did if I'm not mistaken, although I haven't added them up.
And I would call up an argue about, you know, who's the better folk artist, Bob Dylan or Peter Paul and Mary.
It's, you know, very, very similar kind of crap from where I can sit.
QA, hello. Hey, George. How are you?
Good. You forgot the dog park.
What about the dog park?
The whole.
Okay, let's put it on there.
That's the greatest place to meet women.
You got it. I would never go to the dog park.
All right. Love you, George.
All right. Right back at you. 1212 on all. Love radio 560 WQAM.
Dylan with here is a complete lack of respect for the law.
My first gift, George.
He's not ready to be married.
Yeah, exactly.
And you're paying for lap dances, buying gifts for strippers.
Wait, it's just about me and girls in it. You're coming at me.
He had a sexual encounter, sexual affair with the hooker.
It's recently is this morning. Really?
Okay. So that's not true. No?
I mean, you're lying to me.
Did you know what?
Mm-hmm.
She's in this audience.
Peggy, stand up.
Of course, Peggy. What do you say about all this?
A man needs help.
And he's soft as in bed.
Hey, you hey.
Stop the name, calling bitch.
Okay.
So you went in and hired a prostitute.
Did you say I want her to put on dirty underwear as she wore four days ago?
Yes.
Which I do continue that same pattern.
You do all that because that doesn't require you to have true intimacy.
That doesn't require you to be a man.
I did you like a man.
Okay.
But you're not real motivated to change this, are you?
I mean, just be honest.
No.
I will get you some disease-infested hooker.
Okay.
That's what you want.
Yes, I do.
All right. I'll arrange some hooker.
It doesn't require anything of you.
Thank you.
What a smug, podnacious, sacked doctor of film.
But anyway, what does that have to do with its 1218 on 560 QAM?
So we went to the Blue Moon Fish Company in Corals,
and this brings us today the wife and I and the Coleman's.
Suts and Mrs. Suts had a great time.
Mrs. Suts just had like three appetizers because all the appetizers sounded good.
But they're huge anyway.
A lot of people do that.
I've done that.
You know, you have an appetizer for a meal or just two for a meal or anything like that.
We had some cocktails.
And a great.
I had the beef tenderloin or whatever it is.
And that's what I had.
The filet, the filet.
Yeah.
With the like, I don't know, I don't remember.
Fancy hash browns.
I don't know.
So I thought it was like the three pieces on one plate or is it just one steak?
No, it was a steak on a piece of French bread, but it was a filet.
It was great.
Everything was great.
Everything.
But they brought the steaks and everything and I realized that we didn't have any steak knives.
Now, the steak, which is, you know, you could feel the heat coming off of it.
And I really wanted to tackle it while it was hot.
And the waiter ran off and I thought, oh, he just brought us our food.
So he's going to be checking on us for another couple of minutes.
I really want to steak knife.
So since I had the phone number of the place on my cell phone from calling them earlier to make reservations, are you?
That's right.
Chris already figured it out.
So I said, honestly, steak on a table 20.
I'm trying to get the attention.
It was just one of those things where it was like nobody was around.
So I call the place and then the nice girl answers.
Bluefish gum is like, yeah, I'm calling from one of the tables.
Matt's our waiter, but I don't know where he is and I kind of really want to steak knife.
We want a couple as matter of fact, did you?
And she laughed.
Of course she belly laughed.
I see I come out of here and I go, you said, guys, just call.
And I said, yeah, so I've got him right for you.
And I was like, why?
What are your, what are your customers just calling the restaurant?
Look at this.
He's a good guy.
It was great.
I mean, it was one of those things.
It wasn't like a bad service kind of thing.
You understand it was just like, oh, forgot the steak knives.
And I was going to tell a bus boy somebody, but it was just one of those.
There are times when nobody's with an eye shot.
And I wanted that steak knife now.
Actually, and I remember that is what both me and Cortes had.
Very good.
Yeah, no, you're talking about the river house.
Yeah, no, they brought the food here.
Oh, yeah, the steak.
Yeah, it had the big potato oven on it.
I started on it with the butter knife, but that's, you know,
that was okay.
Yeah, the steak was phenomenal.
I'm not sure, but nevertheless, it was great.
Everything was great.
Pam had the lobster bisque soup, which I wanted to, to try, but I didn't.
I should have had her leftovers.
And it was great.
And I forgot my certificate.
So that's right, I paid.
That means you have to go back again.
That means I have to go back again.
That's exactly what that means.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16, and then, Broward, pound 5, 60 is free.
If you have Verizon wireless or AT&T wireless,
877-785-6345 is the toll free everywhere, Alts number.
And I was told by somebody that, you know, my particular audience,
all the stoners, don't wake up until afternoon.
So here it is.
All right, what's your excuse now?
So should I give my river house story?
Yeah, absolutely.
All right, so Chef Doug, I really love anyone, said, you know,
comments like, it's the brunch.
My mother wanted to do it.
So they're okay, fine.
You know, I'll take the parents.
So you did the brunch thing?
Yeah, we did the brunch.
It's supposed to be famous.
I wanted to hear about that.
Very, very good.
It's huge.
It's actually in two different rooms.
Okay.
They have like, you know, the salads and potato salads and other things.
Then they have two, three, four different types of fish you can get.
Right.
Stakes.
They had the carving stations with prime rib, pork and turkey.
I love the carving stages.
They have sushi and other things there.
And then you can go and get an omelette made.
Ooh.
From the omelette station.
It's right there.
There has to be omelette.
Oh, perfect.
That's what I wanted.
That's what I wanted.
That's what I wanted.
That's what I wanted.
That's what I wanted.
And then the funny story is where we have to be sitting was kind of like, you know, off to the
side and you can see the front door.
So the front door, you know, it's an older place.
The front door, you know, doesn't close perfectly.
And it catches on the bottom.
I would say in the hour and a half we were there had to be 20 people would go to the front
door.
They kind of pull on it and it would get stuck.
Right.
So they would just give up.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They would go to the left side, which I think the left door was closed.
That one wouldn't open all.
They'd go back to the right one, try it again.
It's like, they didn't want to pull it hard enough.
They just kind of pull it in and they're like, okay, screw it.
They'd go in like some other entrance.
Had to be at least 20-something people that did this.
Well, they should put up a sign.
What can I say?
Q-A-M.
I'm gambling over here with my life.
Hello, Q-A-M.
I guess they gave up.
That's all right.
That must have been one of the stoners.
Maybe they didn't realize that, you know, I was answering the phones now.
By the way, this is a poll.
Start thinking about this and writing down ideas for a poll.
Maybe we'll do this the next time we run for the 4th of July.
And I don't even have the question worked out yet.
So I need that.
But it involves like either terms of endearment or a sickeningly sweet phrases that make you want to puke.
Things that chicks say mostly or things that they say in movies like love of my life or soulmate.
For some reason I've been hearing soulmate a lot lately.
People throw them that out there and just, I don't know, makes the bile kind of rise in my throat.
Things like that.
So we want suggestions for that.
And then of course we want a question.
Like, what are all those things called inclusively, a syrupy sweet phrase,
not necessarily a term of endearment, although that can be.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hey, you asked we have a state sanctioned recreation area here called Hall Over.
Okay.
You want to talk about what is the best place to put it under the beach?
I understand the particular attraction to Hall Over, but people hook up at the beach whether they're wearing clothes or whether they are not.
Yes, but the attraction is so much.
I understand.
Okay, thank you.
Take it easy.
I mean we could put nudist colonies on there.
Go ahead.
Put nudist colonies slash beaches on there.
Just places where people run around naked.
You know, I thought about that.
I thought about that.
I thought about that.
Not for me.
People go, what are you talking about?
You can see all these naked chicks.
I know, but then they see me too.
That's the problem.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
George.
Yes.
Last week, yes, a guy on the air talking about the movie The Point.
Oh, oh, thank you for reminding me.
I'm downloading it right now.
It should be done by the time I get home.
I found it.
Me and my arrow, Harry Nelson.
I know it well.
Yeah, Harry Nelson is a whole abstract of that.
The wife I'm playing the song for yesterday.
And she's like, I don't know if I remember that.
And I'm showing her the poster from the movie.
And she's like, I don't know if I remember that.
And I'm like, how could you not?
The song was all over the place.
I must have seen that movie 20 times.
How I don't remember it from the title is Beyond Me,
except that, you know, I smoke a lot, as you know.
It's a great flick.
I'm trying to find the song right now.
This computer's working slow for some reason.
I don't know why.
Thank you.
Thank you.
As a bloke of Brian, as a matter of fact,
that typed out a little in there.
Music by Harry Nelson.
Q-A-M. Hello.
George, I didn't even...
Look, just die.
Just die. You don't understand.
See, you don't understand.
You're calling trying to redeem yourself.
You don't understand.
First of all, I don't believe in forgiveness.
Second of all, you've been banned from the show
before I ever came to the show.
You think you're funny, you're not.
You think you're clever, you're not.
There is absolutely nothing that you can say to change my opinion of you.
The only thing that you can do to improve my opinion of you
is to never be heard or seen by me again.
If you want to do something to make me like you more,
arrange it so that I never see your face or hear your voice ever.
That is the best thing that you can do for me.
That is the only thing that I want you to do for me.
And that is the only thing that has any chance of making me ever stop hating you.
Arrange it so that I never see your face or hear your voice.
I don't care about you.
You're a mistake of nature.
It should have been you not your mom that died.
You're a mistake.
Nature makes mistakes.
And if it weren't for the society that we live in,
it takes care of rejects like yourself,
you would have died naturally.
Predators would have eaten you.
The elements would have killed you.
And don't ask me to pass George any account.
No, no.
I don't care.
There is only one thing I want from you.
Nothing.
And nothing is easier to do than nothing.
You just got to sit there and do it.
Nothing. Don't pick up the phone.
Don't call Chris anymore. Don't call me anymore.
Don't come to appearances.
Just do nothing.
And I'll like you a lot.
QAM, hello.
George.
Yeah.
How you doing? Who is that you were talking about?
No one.
Cheese, fellas.
No where man.
That was pretty harsh.
Anyway.
George, I've listened to you over the years and you talk a lot about world history and knowledge,
world history and American history and various things.
But I have to tell you, it's a little scary because half the stuff you say is so inaccurate.
And you're on the airwaves.
That's very scary.
Why don't you correct me when I make a mistake?
Well, we try to every once in a while.
Who's we?
You are calling it.
You're very eco-centric.
Who's we?
Who's we?
You got a turd in your pocket.
What did I say that was inaccurate?
Oh, plenty of things.
I remember way back in the day.
Start one.
You're crusades on history was so inaccurate.
Oh, you're that guy.
Yeah, you're right.
I understated.
I understated the crusades.
I said something like seven and turned out to be 30 something.
It was, it was, it was, it was.
What does that have to do with American history?
Okay. I corrected myself.
There were many more crusades than I actually represented.
What's the next one?
I told them about the warfare down the crusades.
The reason they started.
You were so grossly inaccurate.
Okay. Yeah.
You're right.
I'm wrong.
What else?
Are you, you must be an anti-capic church member.
Anti-clurgy.
I'm anti-religion.
They all liars and thieves.
The Catholic church first and foremost.
Sure.
But all the other ones too.
There is no such thing as an honest clergyman.
How's that?
Well, how there, how there you say something like that?
Easy.
Easy.
Easy. There is no clergyman that represents God.
They say they do.
They take money on behalf of God.
But none of them can demonstrate that they represent God.
All of them claim to, but none of them can demonstrate that they represent any higher power
ever.
And no one has ever been able to.
I have no radio talk to your host demonstrate any morals whatsoever.
Am I including in that category?
Oh, I mean, how there you say none.
None.
None.
Zero.
You cannot present one clergyman that can do more than just say that they represent God.
You can present one clergyman that can produce any amount of evidence that anything that they spout is true.
Oh, really?
Is that clergyman that you would put in the book?
None.
None.
There is no such thing.
Easily, easily.
No such thing as an honest clergyman.
They are all liars and thieves.
Every single one who has ever been born.
F-off.
F-off.
God.
He says there's so many things in our accurate.
There has never existed in the history of the world.
An honest clergyman.
There.
How can you say that?
With my mouth.
You can't deny that statement.
You cannot produce a clergyman that can demonstrate anything that they claim exists.
Not a Buddhist.
Not a Hindu.
Not a Shintoist.
Christian Muslim Jew.
Not an Indian medicine man.
None.
Zero.
Tell me where they are.
I'll show up.
If they can demonstrate any of their bull crap, I'll become a member of that religion.
I'll become the most faithful follower they ever saw.
But you can't.
And you know, you'll most be anti-catholic church.
I'm anti-every church.
Dens of thieves.
That's what Jesus called it.
1229 on 560 WQIM.
I grew up in a Catholic way.
Served as an altar boy every Sunday.
After Master Freese would ask if I could stay late.
But asking to go on a little job.
Ord me not an angry son.
Wouldn't be pleased if I didn't get down on my knees.
And that nobody should ever know.
That he showed me his holy role.
Altering boils when they wear a dress.
Comes in handy for easy access.
They reach up under there and give it a grab.
And like it best, when they're not sex-ads.
The parents got mad at him when he got caught.
At least until the Vatican paid him all off.
They shipped him out to Arizona to a retreat to get forgiven by the Pope and his little brown room.
205-2-1 560 WQIM.
I love it when religious nuts, when fools throw the morality word at me.
As if you know anything about morality.
If you belong to that church, you're paying men to rape children.
They buy off the parents.
They pay their legal fees when they rape children with the money that you give them.
And you're talking to me about morality.
You think that morality comes from people who just claim to have morality.
You have no concept of morality of your own.
You have to go like a sheep to a place to have some faker and a liar.
Tell you the difference between right and wrong.
You didn't know it in the sandbox.
You didn't know the difference between right and wrong.
Before you knew how to speak, I did.
And so did the man sitting in the other room.
And so does every sensey in human being that I know.
New the difference between right and wrong.
By the time they learned how to walk.
But you know, listen, you're deluded.
You're a victim.
I understand that.
You're a sheep.
You like to go in there and get sheared.
It's a bomb.
It's a mental bomb for you.
It's a soothing, unguine.
To not have to think about things.
To not have to make decisions for yourself.
To go into a place and pay someone to make them for you simple decisions.
Based on what, though, I don't know.
Because they don't represent God.
Just because they say they do.
You've never seen a miracle.
Let me rephrase that.
Because there are a lot of people that claim to have.
Let's see.
Some people believe in stories.
And some people ask for a little bit more than a story.
Somebody comes into the room and starts telling a story about something fantastic that just happened in the parking lot.
I don't automatically believe it.
Somebody's telling me a story about something that happened thousands of years ago.
Fantastic story about something that happened thousands of years ago.
You know, I gotta say, you weren't there.
The story's pretty outlandish.
It sounds like something that is unlikely.
Certainly I've never seen anything like that happen in my life.
I've never seen anyone walk on water in my life.
But you read a story that somebody wrote down thousands of years ago.
Somebody that you never met and you've just got automatically gonna believe it.
Well, you don't believe it because that story that we're talking about.
The man said that if you believe it, you'd be able to do it.
But you can't do it.
So you must not believe it.
So how dare you point a finger at me and accuse me of being an unbeliever?
You're an unbeliever.
By Jesus' own criteria, you're an unbeliever.
You can't walk on water.
You can't move them out.
And you can't hear the sick.
And Jesus said that if you believe you can do all of these things.
You can do.
All of these things.
But you can't do any of those things.
So you must not be a believer either.
Same as me.
If you can do any of those things, let me know when the demonstration is.
I'll bring the sick person.
We'll go to Hall over Beach for some more savory beach.
If that's an appealing to you, we'll go to a swimming pool.
You choose the body of water.
I'll inspect it to make sure that you don't have the stupid glass thing set up under there.
And you can walk across it.
I'll be one of your followers.
It's as simple as that.
Any clergyman anywhere in the world.
If you can demonstrate any of the divine power that you claim to represent.
I will be your most devout follower.
I will sell all my earthly possessions and follow you.
Just like Jesus would have had us do.
It's a simple deal.
But if all you can do is make sounds with your mouth.
And if all you can do is make images with your pen,
write words on a paper or type them on a computer.
Or make sounds with your mouth.
Then that just makes you the same as all the rest of this.
That's a little trick that all of us can do.
That any of us can do.
That my five-year-old can do.
She doesn't claim to represent a higher power.
And I'm not saying that there isn't a higher power.
That would be idiotic to claim that there isn't a higher power
because then the burden of proof is on you.
What I claim is that none of you getchkeys out there represent a higher power.
You're all a bunch of filthy liars.
And you know you are.
They all know they are.
There's one of these clergymen that believes that they're honest.
They say, well, I believe in this.
You know, you might believe in the higher power,
but you know that the higher power didn't choose you.
You know that nobody contacted you and said,
hey, it lead people to me.
That's a lie.
You know you weren't chosen.
You know you weren't called.
They like to say that all the time.
I was called to the ministry.
No, you weren't.
That's a lie.
And you know it's a lie.
Nobody called you.
You're making it up.
You're a filthy dirty liar.
And you lie for money.
So what wreck facility is the best place
from your own personal experience
for meeting attractive people and dating
or other social purposes?
Long question there, Charlie, but whatever.
Thank you.
I wouldn't know I don't go out much.
179.
That's 46% of the audience.
It's Giz.
That must be the married people.
A health club, 72, swimming pool, 35,
also casino, 35, bowling alley, 19, skating rake, 11.
I make, feel better already.
Pool hall, 10, internet cafe, 7, 4, each,
for video game, or arcade center, whatever.
Highlight, front-on, community wreck center,
two for the dog park, one for the race track,
a nun yet for nudist colony or beach,
because it just went on there.
QA and Holo.
George, yeah.
What's up?
Two quick things.
Sure.
I mean, I'm not even religious either,
but I was wondering if maybe the whole
move mountain thing is about some kind of abstract
motivational, like, you know,
the whole mountain.
You could do this.
You know, I'm not religious, but I'm just not.
The whole move mountain, you could move mountains.
It doesn't mean that you'll be capable of this one.
Jesus said it.
It's in red.
He didn't say it metaphorically.
And he said it in red and once.
He said it like two or three times.
And the water and the water walking incident is something
that if you are a believer, occurred.
In other words, Jesus was walking on water.
And Peter was walking towards him.
And he lost faith and started sinking.
And Jesus told him.
Oh, yes.
You sank because you lost faith.
And if you hadn't lost faith, you would not have sank.
And Jesus raised him up and stood him back on top of the water.
That's a statement that Jesus made.
It's in red in my Bible.
That means that he said it.
That's God.
That's God in the flesh.
He said it.
Jesus said something.
Thank you.
Also, secondly, I remember you mentioned once.
You said you'd like spent the year sailing.
I just wondered what was wondering what would I would say.
You know, that's an understanding.
I spent a year where I was supposed to be sailing.
And that's not to say that some sailing didn't happen.
But most of the year was actually spent
spackling fiberglass putty on horns and a boat.
Scraping barnacles off of it, fixing the damage to this boat
that had some considerable amount of damage on it.
And basically just yuttsin' around with a crazy old man
who rest in peace, my stepfather.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Yes, go.
That's how I found myself stuck in this town.
I came down here to go sailing.
Very little sailing actually happened.
I came to the conclusion relatively quickly that this man was crazy
and was going to get us both killed and was going to sink the boat.
I told him that I didn't want to go sailing with him after all.
Because I thought he was a crazy old man.
He ran off with this fat chick once sailing with her instead
and guess what he did?
Sank the boat.
All right, man.
Have a good four.
Thank you.
Take it easy.
That's how I got stuck down here.
We're opening up the Wannaths, looking for a job, radio jobs,
any job wound up, repo and cars for two years,
made some money, decided that I wanted to go back
to the Scabby Horror, which is radio.
QAAM, hello.
Hi, George. How are you doing?
Fine, how are you?
Hey, good man.
Listen to that last caller that was after you bowed.
It's the clergy and all that.
The crusades.
He called me before because I was talking about the crusades.
I'm sorry that I underest that I understated how many times
religious people killed people in the middle of the guy.
You're right on the line, man.
You're right on the money, 100 percent.
I actually would suggest that caller is to read,
God is not great, which is a new book out by Higgins.
Okay.
Which is fabulous.
I don't like, unfortunately, in this might sound weird.
I don't like books that take shots at God or to call in the question
the existence of God.
He's not the God.
God has nothing to do with all of these people
pretending to represent Him.
Exactly.
Exactly.
He did not choose them and He's not in favor of it.
See, I can speak on the God's behalf just like any of these other
fakers can.
It's just the name of the book.
He's not taking shots at God.
Actually, he's a humanist, which I guess some people call an apius.
But even that's absurd and not true either.
Because nobody's 100 percent anything like that.
Right.
But the book is very good.
The book actually explains about the travesties that religion
at general make and is making in this world today.
And why people aren't being led.
Just exactly the things that you're talking about.
He explains it in a more modern and easy to understand way.
Okay.
Great book.
Thanks, friend.
You bet. Take it easy.
That takes up to the break.
That was a very handy.
18-01 on 5-60 Q-A-M.
In Christian Park where you won't go to hell when you die.
In this land, Christian Park where it derives and hatred thrive.
Right, right, right, the holy road of the God.
Holy holy holy post-luse that never goes down.
Right, he aren't forgetting where the hand of God reaches through the clouds of rip.
On their own dog.
Bang, bang, bang, you the right, they let you go.
Bang, bang, bang, bang, the forces actors to change the fate to Dr. Punto's feet.
But they'd be wondered by a cartoon character in Greece.
Jesus Land, Christian Park where it derives and hatred thrive.
My chart in a bush, Nancy Burrade, who up with it, the great-guy amical age,
Inderent, Nick Tuwan and get their gifts.
We put the fun and fun of the metalists,
Ray to the Lord to forgive you with your choice of closely appointed views.
And down to the Bible of show,
This goryabilly heroine, right and low.
Jesus Land, Christian Park where you won't go to hell when you die.
No.
Jesus Land, Christian Park where it derives and hatred thrive.
12-10-1560 WQAM was watching somebody something talking.
He was an atheist or an agnostic or something like that and he made a good point,
which I thought was funny.
And that is that everyone who believes in a religion who belongs to a denomination,
I know a lot of you believers hate labels like I'm not religious, I'm spiritual.
If you believe, if you have a concept of a higher power, you are religious.
That's what that means.
That's what the word means.
You might not agree with the definition of the word and you might not like that label being applied to you.
But it's like a live, let's say you're breathing, Chris, let's just use this as a example.
Then you're alive.
See, that's what the word alive means.
And you can argue with that.
You can say, no, I'm not, I'm not alive, I'm dead.
Nevertheless, you really are alive.
If you believe in a higher power, if you have a concept that you say,
I believe there is a God and then whatever follows and His name is Yahweh or His name is Buddha or His name is Jehovah.
It doesn't matter what you say after that.
You are religious, that's what that means.
Okay.
That's what the word religion means, is the belief in a higher power of some sort.
It doesn't matter what you believe, only that you believe.
All religious people are atheist with regards to everyone else's religion.
That's the line of the guy throughout there.
I thought that's funny.
Religious people have no problem, disbelieving or discounting everyone else's hookum,
except their own, which is usually the first hookum that they ever heard.
Is that not the case?
No, not always, but mostly, mostly, most of the people who are Christians are Christians because they're parents for Christians because that's the line of bull that they were fed as little children and there are some people that change religions.
Sure.
But for the most part, most people believe the first story that they ever heard, which is a wonderful system to go through life.
Believing the very first answer to the first question that you ever heard without ever asking the question again of anyone else and maybe weighing the two different options.
Like possibly the hookum that they're spewing on the other side of the planet makes more sense than the hookum that you grew up with on your side of the planet.
It's possible.
It's just as hokey.
And they're not able to prove their hookum either.
At all, reincarnation and all that happy horse crap.
There is no one that can prove any of their supernatural crap.
They got this guy, this story on one of those shows over the weekend or last week, a date line or something.
Adam the healer, this punk, he's a millionaire already, selling books and doing ceremony.
He's never healed anyone.
How can you say that?
I just did with my mouth, with my God-given mouth,
and my God-given vocal cords and my lungs, that's how I say it.
He's a faker.
He is a faker.
How easy is that?
And you know why I can say that?
Because he cannot demonstrate that he is not.
I'll bring a sick person.
And the same thing for all you other fake healers out there.
You can't heal anybody.
Oh, I'm not healing.
And Jesus is healing them.
You can't even make that claim either.
All right, I don't care how you word it, how you phrase it.
Oh, but there have been books in it, see?
Here we go again.
The charge that I'm making isn't that you can produce a book.
Anyone can produce a book.
Anyone can produce stories.
You're the one that believes in stories.
You hear a story?
You believe it.
I'm the one that's saying, I don't believe stories.
So don't answer my chart with another story.
I don't believe your story.
Well, then you didn't read this story.
That's so effed up.
I don't even know where to start on that.
I read your story book.
I don't believe it.
I think that was made up.
Oh, well, did you read this other book about the story book?
Maybe this will change your mind.
No.
No.
Well, you like stories.
You think stories are true.
You just choose to believe stories.
Some of us don't.
We require a little bit more than that.
You give me a book that says that if you believe you'll be able to do this and this,
well, then let's see it.
Let's see it.
You've got a bag of beans there.
You're telling me they're magic.
You're trying to sell me a bag of magic beans.
Tell me that if I plant one of those beans, a bean stock will grow up through the clouds,
and I can climb up it, and there'll be a giant and a magic harp and a goose that lays gold and eggs on top of it.
Hey, show me.
Oh, well, you don't understand.
The beans don't work that way.
Really, how do they work?
Well, you have to buy the beans first.
And then you have to believe that the beans are magical.
And then when you go home, you plant the beans that they'll grow.
And if they don't, well, then you're not following the procedure correctly.
Then you're not really believing in the beans.
I'm going to say, I don't remember the beans actually telling me anything to believe them or not to believe them.
You know, you're questioning my faith in the beans.
I'm not questioning my faith in the beans at all.
I'm questioning you.
I'm questioning your veracity.
I'm questioning your honesty, bean salesman.
Don't bring the beans into this.
I'm calling you a liar.
I'm not calling the bean a liar.
QI am hello.
George?
Yes.
It's Martha.
Hi, Martha. How are you?
I'm fine.
I know. I'm so mad you didn't call me George.
Well, I didn't have your cell number.
I called the restaurant and asked and they said you didn't work on Sunday.
And I said, that's all right because it's not the only time that I'm going to go there.
And I forgot my certificate.
So I paid you my real money from going again.
I'm going to go and get my wife.
I'm going to go and get my wife.
I'm going to get my wife.
I'm going to get my wife.
And my wife wanted to meet you.
I showed you, I mean, I showed her your pictures.
And she was impressed.
She's a tall woman too.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
You got to think for tall women over there, George.
I do have a thing for tall women.
And a short one can have it too.
George, I'm a little nervous so that the people coming in are a little disappointed because I mean,
I think they were expecting like, you know, a Jizelle bunch and to come out like,
oh, are you the one on the radio?
I'm like, yeah, I like, oh.
How could they, I don't believe that.
How could they have been disappointed?
Good guy.
What's wrong with these people in their vision?
I was like, I think they're waiting for, you know, a Mary's next top model to be standing there.
And I was like, oh, it's only me.
It's beautiful, beautiful Martha.
She's tall, she's beautiful, she's shapely.
It was great.
We had a great time.
We had everything, every morsel, the drinks, everybody, they were commenting on the iced tea being so good.
Oh, I know.
It's like that's good iced tea.
Why do you guys see that?
Everything, the cocktails were great.
Oh, the lab.
I'm so sorry.
The garnet paper, good.
No, no, it was great.
We're going back.
This time I'll bring my certificate.
Okay, bring your certificate and get my number from Jeff.
I will.
I think you can call me and tell me.
We can call you and tell you.
You guys are full VIP treatment.
And when we're coming to the restaurant, too.
Awesome.
All right.
Okay, baby, take care.
Martha from the Blue Moon Fish Company in Coral Springs.
Go there, you won't regret it, especially if she's there.
QI Am Hello.
George?
Yeah.
George, okay, this is Ron.
I know Martha very well, by the way.
Okay, good.
Don't say that thing.
I'm trying to get something going here.
Hey, listen, you're a religion thing.
I'm actually right there.
I'm here right here.
Oh, okay.
I'm actually interested in the grill right now.
But this thing about the religion is telling me to give me this line.
I'm not in the same place as her spiritual world.
I think I'm psychic because I know you.
Did you have a psychotheria here?
I'll solve your problem.
Did you have a psychotheria?
No, I did not.
Oh, I say, okay, stick it out.
Stick it out and tell you to.
Okay.
And then Ron.
No, it did Ron.
Okay, I'll score the point and get out of there.
Okay, I knew you were psychic.
I knew Ron was in contact with me.
Keep your socks on.
Yeah.
Keep your socks on.
You know, where some slip on shoes or something.
Okay, got it.
All right.
Thank you.
She's Kuku Benanas, but that doesn't mean that she's still in worth a point.
You know, even the crazy ones are worth a point.
4-1 and all good advice radio, 5-60, Q-I-M.
Hey, say, slice that's the only one on a cocky and meony.
It's me poverty top.
It's a mistake.
The will to aim.
O-A!
It started on a regular guy who joined the directory.
And made the ultimate sacrifice and racing celebration.
Father, who, amen.
Bun, hold in, who, bun, bun, father, who, a drink, a drink, or a beer.
As time went by, his earthly needs compromised his choice.
He found the way to get really by altering young boys' father who, too.
Amen.
Bun, hold in, who, bun, bun, father, who, a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a beer.
It was happy to get till he got caught by some title sale.
Then the Vatican paid everyone off and he didn't have to go to jail.
Father, who, amen.
Bun, hold in, who, bun, bun, father, who, a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a beer.
They sent him to a priest retreat where they genuine fled and prey.
If it was you or it was made they'd lock us up and throw the keys away.
Father, who, amen.
Bun, hold in, who, bun, father, who, a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink.
Bun, hold in, who, a bun, father, who, a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink, or a drink.
One of two, five sixty WQAMG in Manich, coming up in an hour, then it's the power hour.
Hank in the Mad Dog from 4-0-5. Hank until 7. He's at Las Vegas, by the way.
Miami Dolphins all access from 7-9, then it's Jesse Aguilito 9-30. Marlins on deck until 10-0-5.
Then it's Marlins San Diego ESPN Radio, after that, I guess. It's just on Too Late.
for us to have an ed Kaplan night. That's all right. Oh, you know, the crusade guy that started all this running off.
It's not like I haven't met people like you before that deny all of the evil things that have been done in the name of
God
directed by church leaders and in those days and the crusade's days, you know, it was just the Catholic church.
He's the same person. I'm sure because I've met these people too that deny the
Inquisition or you make apologies for it or you change the reasons for it and things like that and it's not like the Christians
are the only ones that do it, you know, but our culture happens to be Christian over here. We are in the Western world
all over the world people have been killing each other over
differences of opinion regarding the supernatural which is so silly because no one can prove their own position
And that's why they have to fight it out with fists and knives and swords and guns because there is no other way to resolve the argument
Here's the logical way to resolve it one person claims that they represent in higher power the other person another person claims that they represent a higher power
Which ever one of you two can demonstrate the bullcraft your spewing is the honest one
Simple right sounds good to me both of them are making all these supernatural claims and claiming that all this supernatural stuff exists and claiming this and claiming that
We know we could name you know Buddha was supposed to have been able to heal people too
Buddha supposedly was able to make water flow from one hand and fire erupt from another hand, you know, Buddha this Buddha that
Think I'm a Buddhist by the way. I'm not
But I do know what own means
It's the same thing there are all these fantastic stories throughout history and
None of them can substantiate any one of them none of the believers can substantiate any one of the fantastic four stories
They can just tell more stories they can just answer your your denial of one story with the presentation of another story
Mr. Crusade guy and I'm sorry that I understand it to crusade because he used to say that there were four crusades
And those were the four major ones that have names that were familiar with so I looked it up on Wikipedia when he said that
Know there weren't you have your number of crusades wrong
I guess and their actual number was something like 13 and I wasn't really counting that high because some of them apparently were very minor
So I'm sorry for understating the amount of violence inflicted upon people, you know in the name of religion
Mr.
Catholic Apologist continue giving your money to the pedophile church. It's your business
You know, but it's my business to also to criticize it if I want to
And to point out the obvious the obvious that none of these people have ever been able to demonstrate any of the things that they claim
Exist Q.A. M. Hello
Hello
Fine are you fine? I just want to make a few points about religion because they always seem to contradict everything
Was the main thing is that the God's divine plan that says that he's gonna do what he wants to make the plan perfectly
So why waste your time praying to God?
You know if you're not if you're not gonna do it to want to do it
They do the opposite of everything that they're told to if we're just talking about the Christians
Jesus said that praying in public was hypocritical and for show and that you should pray in private
But they're the ones that are always praying in public and advocating school prayer and all these other
Public prayer events and direct conflict with what Jesus said
Jesus was an advocate for the poor they have content for the poor Jesus criticized being wealthy
They're all in favor of being wealthy. They're all the war mongers all these Christians are the ones beating the drums of war when Jesus said love your enemies
They do the opposite of everything that Jesus said to do
Jesus said judge not but that's all they do Matthew 7 when Jesus said judge not and that's all they do is judge including you
Crusades guy you're calling up judging me you're calling up judging me
I hope you're asking for forgiveness right now and in your particular Catholic case
I hope that you know the priest is available for you to confess
You know George remember when I said I don't kind of rip up the picture of the Pope
Yeah, I gave her a standing ovation in the bedroom. That's the only time the way I was how we're watching it live
I stood right up and cheered her. She's got bigger stones than any man. I know yeah, there's a reason nobody nobody talked about it
It was the reason that she did this for the picture is that she was you know
Come basically saying that the Catholic Church was raping with children nobody made mention of that right
That's what you did and the last thing George is a you know what I don't like about these people that you know
They only believe parts of the Bible in life
Look they don't believe they don't believe any of it trust right they they they think you know basically they say yeah
They say the gains abomination, but then they'll say in the next sentence that you know
You should show your daughter to slavery they don't sacrifice animals that right there in the same book
Where it's talking about you know a man shall not lie with a woman it talks about how you know how you will have to purify
A seat that a woman sits on and how you have to sacrifice the two turtle dogs during a menstrual cycle and all this other crap
That they conveniently ignore, but they were gonna they're gonna grab onto that one
All right, you're very welcome make it again QAM hello
I was lost for a minute, but they're not chose wicked not cuz I believe in everything. I just really like
Pagan ritual or GeForgy. There's nothing wrong with that
I know
That they like that whole naked ceremony stuff that they
Yeah
I'm gonna run with that if you're gonna fake your way if you're gonna pretend to believe in something go wicked
That's too go like and pull out your
Yeah, I can go wicking
Look at me. We can all right
I was oh he hung up. I was gonna ask how hairy they are
You know they're very granoli not that I'm putting on by that you know I have a preference
But remember you know I will see I would like to say mama taught me but mom didn't teach me anything good
Except maybe how to do macrom
Um
You know if someone puts something on your plate
What you're supposed to say is thank you that's supposed to criticize the haircut
Okay, even if you do have a preference
You understand if somebody hands you a slice of pie. Let's say your favorite flavor is apple and that's a pumpkin pie
You say thank you. You know go what pumpkin?
You follow yes, that's it. So that's my position on it's like sure I have a preference, but
It's all good. It's all good
Right can't just agree there at this stage in my life anyway. I can't I can't be particularly choosy
Morality has nothing to do with genitalia my good Catholic friend who just called a while ago
Morality has to do with how you treat other people
Whether you know you're honest with them or you're ripping them off and things like that when you're stealing from people
These these arbitrary rules that
That these fakers applied to your life so that they could control your life for both profit and fun because it is fun
To be able to control a crowd
It is fun to stand on a stage behind a pulpit and tell people to do stuff and they do it. It's a trip. It's a power trip
You know people there you say they do it for money
What about the Buddhist monks they take a vow of poverty they take a vow of poverty and then they live in a polatial monastery
And they still have the same ego trip rush that all of the rest of the clergymen do people come to them for advice
People ask them to come over to their businesses or their houses and bless this and bless that and they give them gifts
And they show them a lot of respect and they bow and it's an ego trip
Makes you feel good
When people are bowing before you when people kneel down in front of you
That's an ego trip you know, I've talked about I think I've talked about it with you about you know how I did the whole
Confirmation and it wasn't my choice. Hey, I found my first communion ring the other day
It was wow a little bit green and you could see the copper through it
It's like silver pleaded copper something and the image of the chastle the chastle the other chalice
Oh, yeah, I'm in front of it has been rubbed off that I got it. I found it
Yeah, well, I mean I did the whole thing and it wasn't my choice
And you know from junior high on it was maybe like a little bit of elementary
It was going to hang out with my friends
Right to a place that I had to go to anyways sure you make the best of it and I should have learned
When I was young about you know the whole religion is all just a bunch of you know whatever and you know
If you I don't need to go to church to believe in everything I've I realized that but one of the
Priests at my first church. Mm-hmm great guy and Irish guy, you know love to drink also. Of course if he's Irish
Yeah, I can remember going to his house with some of the people that like were in charge or whatever because he'd just been kicked out
Because I found he was stealing money from the church. Oh, what is it right and I was in
Maybe seventh grade at this point and it didn't you know go ding ding ding at that point
But that was like one of four I was thinking about it one of first signs of you know what maybe all these guys aren't you know
What they're cracked up to I've heard stories where that they are you know people leaving the priesthood
people leaving
their
Their their their their post because they can't
They can't be a part of what's going on?
You know there there there ought to be a hall of fame somewhere with statues for people like that
And I think this one just got moved to another
Diocese, you know, I'll get it Q. I am hello
Hey, hey, I don't know where you bring it whoa. I didn't
Damn I
Was nowhere near the button yeah, I mean that doesn't count as a call you can call back after the break though
It's 112 on 560 WQ I am I was talking to our wife Dixie the other day and she was saying that you were the very good actor
And I agreed with her now
No, why why call it why would we go?
It has voted to jumpstart an immigration bill that would create a path to citizenship or millions of illegal immigrants
If you search for immigrants
Lay in hard to find
You can see them everywhere
How many yeses are there in the worship and if you ask them in Congress
Explain the illegal kind
It broke the law, but now we must forgive
And
Such an ugly would
Everyone just gets
Let do
Does anybody here speak Spanish
Deportation we prefer
The snow's lit just means we get screwed
You're right we're getting screwed
1 17 5 60 Q. I am and I don't understand who it is behind
I guess it's the powers that be you know the big businesses that want all these illegals in here in the first place and only
Lou Dobbs is calling them what they are illegal aliens and
Everyone's all upset about that and so when you watch CNN or you watch any news immigration debate the immigration bill
It's the immigration debate the immigration bill
No, it isn't one of the just caught the flowers debate and the flowers bill. We're talking about flowers. No, we're not
We're talking about border jump and bungholes
People in the country illegally
And call them whatever the hell I want to call them. They're here illegally. I don't have to have any
Compassion for them. I don't have to have any understanding for them. I understand their situation very well leave
America's a desirable place to want to come to so much so that my family came here and
We waited online politely. Thank you very much. We knocked on the door and we were handed a stack of papers
On each side of the border family members here and family members there here fill out this stack of papers and now wait
While we check your work while we investigate your answers to make sure that you didn't lie
Let us rubber stamp your forehead. Okay, and you go that's how it's done
Using the system
I don't have to feel anything for border jumping bunk holes at all
So there but of course in politically it was politically incorrect
You gotta say at least in that bit they said you know illegal immigrants illegal immigrants illegal aliens
For lack of a harsher term that we could possibly convince them to use on the TV because I don't think the news
People are gonna call them border jumping scum
Which is what I would call them how's that
Job stealing border jumping scum
Why do I have to feel compassion if somebody's in prison? You know if somebody's a murderer or rapist a thief in prison
I have to call him a
unauthorized procurer of
merchandise instead of a thief
Or I have to call him a
a
redistributor
He's redistributing
possessions from one person to himself
because
He's kind of harsh
thief
Call him whatever the hell I want to call them five six seven oh five sixty and date and brown word
Outside of date and brown or call eight seven seven seven eight five six three four five
And if you have a mobile phone and you happen to have AT&T wireless or Verizon wireless
You can call us for free on pound five sixty how about Martha calling it. Hey that reminded me that when her mom called in that was funny
Just thought I'd mention that I think I found the me and my arrow song remember the guy called way a long time ago
Yep, and I don't remember where I saved it
On the computer was running slow
Because the wife that wasn't ringing any bells with her and which I was really surprised by it
So I just want to fire the software now
Have you noticed that this computer has been firing bits off like into them a little bit?
Yeah, ever since that last update that changed the media player can't get anything to fire from the beginning anymore
Thank you software updates roxio doesn't work anymore vista. I heard a sucks hard
Everyone that you did tell me that they hate it
So this is that song from the movie it was a hit. They used it in a dodge commercial. I'm surprised that the wife
doesn't recognize it
You're too young. You don't know. Okay. I was like is it no?
This movie and the song came out 1971
But they would play it like all the time when we were talking about old animated movies and somebody brought this up the point. I didn't recognize it
by name
And as soon as I saw the poster
Somebody emailed me a link to IMDB and as soon as I saw the poster with the little kid in the pointy hat and the dog
It's like oh yeah the point
Music ringo star narrating it good stuff good for the whole family. So I'm uh steel in it
I'm gonna show it to the kid qaim hello
qaim hello
Hello, I'd like to make comment on the illegal immigrant. Okay illegal aliens border jumping scum
Yeah, okay go
They come in here
and I have an incident that driving a Porsche and at the same time getting Medicaid
and getting
Uh, child care services
Mm-hmm and my daughter's a citizen born here mm-hmm and
They have that she has the hardest time. Mm-hmm getting any help. Okay. She's lucky if they ask her
What color on the where she wears before she gets the help for children? Okay, and that's part of the legal system
They are government supports. Okay
All right take it easy
Well here's I mean, I want to agree with half of her point to the um illegal aliens that she's talking about
F off and your daughter
F off how's that
Is that a one anybody's hand in my pocket? I don't know why your daughter needs help, but that's not my problem
Tears that's your daughter
You understand my family has problems. You know what we'll take care of it
That's unlike a good system chris
Sure my brother Preston peace he needed a little bit of extra help guess what he got it from us
From his siblings
Yes, even from my evil mother
That's how it's done don't have a family. Gee. I have an answer to that. I do have a social system
I mentioned it earlier that would pay for itself for the people that can't get their act together like your daughter ma'am
Daughter has children and she can't take care of him. Where's dad that he died in the war? Then that is our problem
Then we owe you we owe the daughter if he died in the war over there in Iraq. Don't you think yes if if he died for us
Then we owe
We owe some help otherwise if he's just an irresponsible deadbeat if your daughter bred irresponsibly if she went had babies
Uh, you know with some irresponsible man who wasn't taken care of him that's not my problem
And nature those children starve
And nature the parent can't provide for a child child stars
That's not I'm not suggesting that
But it's not my problem man. I have children of my own. I take care of him you see
My family has problems. We'll take care of it. You got a problem in your family. Guess his problem it is
I don't know. I don't know if she's guessing right. I'll tell you whose problem it isn't
Yours mine
567 0560 harsh oh
You're looking to look liberal guess what
567 0560 and date and brownered pound 560 for Verizon wireless and AT&T wireless. It's free 877 785 645
I know I know you're such a hard uh, you're such a hard us
So I'm watching over the weekend on history channel the crusader guy, you know
It's some all wrong about everything, you know
That's all I do is I watch the history channel and this quote really sorry
I under underestimated the bloodthirstyness of religious fanatics and them in the you know in medieval times
And the subsequent times I'm really sorry that I underestimated how much butchery they inflicted upon uh other people and other parts of the world in the name of their religion
Nevertheless watching the history channel and uh last of the mahekins last of the mahegans last of the mahegans comes on must have seen it
30 times now in that Daniel day Louis version. Yeah, what a r-no
That's great. I will bring you Mike. I will burn you your own copy tomorrow your own copy burnt by me for you
What a great movie oh?
What a great movie um, I'm trying to think if I'm going to give it a perfect score
so far
so far perfect because
Everything is good. It's you know, there's some romance in there, but it's it's you know
You can feel manly about this movie all the way through the Hawkeye character
Daniel dayluas, okay, oh
Like everything you want to be meltman be holding to no one
F you to the british F you to the french F you to the indians F you to everybody on my own man
I'm going where I want I'm doing what I want and it's okay for him to become a remonically
romantically involved with with kora kora monro the uh the daughter of the colonel there because she comes around at his point of view eventually
Then she's hot so you're like that's right
Kora's all right
Daniel you can go ahead and hook up romantically with kora because she's standing up to her father
She's standing up. She's like totally ditching the guy that she was engaged to it's like oh
I thought you were a man. I just met me a real one
I just met a real man stands up for principle doesn't walk around licking the boots of royalty like you do
It's just great
So it's not just because we remind you of Montana that you love it so it reminds me of North Carolina
Which is where I'm going to film and uh wrote a dendrin's and everything all the right around the house and everything like that
It's not just it's great good action good fighting good old-fashioned
There's there haven't been a lot of movies made about this particular time period pre-America
You know the the English and the French are having a war in the colonists are all caught up in it and the Indians are all caught up in it and everything like that in Hawkeye
He just wants to go to kanto ki
That's brought up in the movie and one of the British lovers are going how was it that you're going to kanto ki and it's as well
Thought about walking north for a while and then all of a sudden I'm going to turn west
Which is funny. He was a smart ass. I loved it. Yeah, I don't know why I just never you know
I don't want to see in the movies for whatever reason and every time it's on TV
Yeah, it's just not one of those. Oh, let me watch I don't know why acting good music good pacing good story good
Magwa the killer evil Indian is great
There's like an evil Indian well. He's not evil. He's just he's pissed off. He's pissed off at the British uh at
Colonel Monroe because Colonel Monroe massacred his family
So he has every right to be pissed off
It just puts him at odds with Daniel Deleuas because Daniel Deleuas is trying to protect that Colonel's daughters
Korra and her sister whose name escapes me right now and Magwa the pissed off Indian wants to kill the Colonel's children
Because the Colonel killed his children. You see how that works and here I thought Magwa was just a grandma
No
No excellent excellent movie. I'm bringing you your copy tomorrow. You will not regret it
If you don't like it, you can punch me in the stomach just warn me first. I can tighten up right 127 on five 60 WQ I am
Like you bosses awful scooly-spleaking good morning goofy. How are you? Who's live?
It's Robert Eiger CEO and president of the Walt Disney company with the writer
El Lable was getting a full body massage is this little emergency absolutely. I need to speak to Mr. Mouse right away. Well, put you through
God yeah right there
Oh Mr. Magwa
Let me rob your big button. Yeah, work some buttons baby
You make a scum
I can't do that. That is against the rules. I can't I can't I can't miss a mouse
No hang on a second. I can't I can't get you there. Mr. Mouse kiss my fingers
Oh, wait, you can't get the big white hand in your mouth. Oh, Mr. Mouse trust me. I can
Mr. Mouse, yeah, Mr. Mouse good morning. Who's this? It's Robert Eiger president
You know you call the worst times. I'm getting a massage. Oh, I have I apologize sir
I just what is it? Oh, that's it. You've got the spots on go Mr. Mouse
I think you start rubbing on your beautiful big seat rub my ass a little bit. Okay. What do you need?
Well sir, I just wanted to update you on the gigantic pirate to the Caribbean numbers
That thing's killing me. What do you mean sir? It's a blockbuster
Kill me. How much is it made? It's made over $500 million overseas. Oh, five. What a cost to make
Well a little over 300,000
Right, so I'm only up 200 Kachow. What 200 Kachow? When the Wingo will you Eiger for crying out loud? You're being in the business forever
Okay, so I'm sorry. I just thought it was successful. I didn't know that
Am I gonna pay for a mini boob job a boob job sir? Right, right. It's a pancake the poor bro
Awesome, Joe. You have got me you are owning that spot. I am here to bleed you Mr. Mouse. They on it, baby. Oh, yeah
Sir, could I just have a minute more of your time?
Hurry up. I got a finish here. Well the transitioning of citadel broadcasts and taking over a radio station has gone
Swimmily well. I can yes sir. The wife's son like I give a rat's ass. It's all but it's done
I want to talk about what we got on the television docket. Hey, I was watching creature comforts. Did we pass on that?
The animated show on CBS. Yeah, they talked in normal Americans and then they put their voices in animals
Yeah, we passed on it. We didn't think it was gonna work. We didn't think it was gonna work
This one the same network who went big oh night. Well sir bingo night was your idea
But what you say bingo night was your idea was bingo night? It wasn't mine was it whose idea was it
Sir, it hasn't worked out whose idea was it it was mine. It was yours. That's right
I know we put on this big public face and you're supposed to be the boss and I'm just a mouse
But we know the real deal. Don't we aga it's me. It's always been me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
I'm telling the piano and you're probably warm up at best. Oh baby you have got me you are my owner
Sir, how about this up here? It's time to bring the horses in baby. It's time to bring the horses in. I gotta go like a okay
I understand
This freak is awesome
25 till 2 5 60 wq a.m. Here's a facts from a while ago
I just forgot to pull it off the facts machine George best place to meet women bar and on the grocery store
But we're talking about recreational areas right now under we did put that on the previous bowl
Which was way too similar to this and it was probably gonna say something about it tomorrow like that's alright
I he's gonna change this thing in like what three two thirty this afternoon possibly
Where's sappy love phrase you completely come I'm sorry you complete me
You completely complete me I got three of them so far. Let's uh, let's see how many more we can get and then we will make a pull of it
That's a good way to putting it sappy love phrase or something like that for lack of a better
It's not a word of an expression. It's not so much a term of an endearment like something that you call someone
But it's like they're my soulmate you complete me. Thank you for this one
Love of my life. There's a love of my life things like that things that chicks say
Guys and we're sitting around together. Let me ask you if you've ever heard this phrase
When it's just the men
I love my wife. I would never cheat on her. No, okay. I said that to someone the other day and then I went really
When you said I love my wife and I never cheat on her or you said you know
In the company of men sitting around the card playing table smoke and cigars at the bar whatever
You know you're there with guys married on there and your life have you ever heard a man say
uh
Outside of the company of women that is because we say all kinds of crap. We don't mean when they're women around right
Hmm. I love my wife. I would never cheat on her
When the subject comes up usually that's a response for the subject comes up like who would you you know like it goes like this
Like somebody say oh, you know scarlet Johansson or uh
Jessica Biel, you know, you know, uh, you know if you had a chance
One of the guys pipes up. I love my wife. I would never cheat on her
Has that ever happened? Why would he even need to say something like that? You know, dude
It has never been said has it. No, no, not once on that. Your ears have never heard that phrase outside of the TV or a movie
Correct correct
Correct and if you were sitting around the card playing beer drinking table
You know waiting for your turn to raise past fold or whatever like that and somebody did utter those words
What would the response from the table be a thrown ash straight there?
Rockest laughter a thrown ash tray
Are you f you're joking right that was
Align that was a line
All right, I love my girlfriend. I would never cheat on her
Did just everybody would just stop talking like there would be this quiet as everybody looked at the guy wondering his joking right or
Did an alien replicant replace him
Maybe his wife's listening somehow she got him bugged
As a matter of fact, let's back it up a bit. Let's back it up a bit
Have you ever heard this I love my wife?
Yes, really and all guys yeah
Are you sure or you just thinking yeah, no, no, no, no, yeah because it play the guy was fairly newly married
It wasn't like a long time
Then the guys was still in the glow. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look. She's not here right now. Yeah
Soap operas that's why I can't stand the American soap operas first of all
They don't have nearly the amount of flesh that the Spanish soap operas and if I were listening to an understanding the audio of the Spanish soap opera
Maybe I would come to the same conclusion
But the thing that bugs me the most and here's a guy that does that will watch science fiction is that
The dialogue in the American soap operas is about as far removed from reality as I mean anything
I've ever encountered in the medium ever in other words men say things that
Are impossibly just impossible that never ever ever have I heard it would I hear it?
Would those words come out of men's mouths either towards women or when the the best part is
When the guys are talking to each other yeah about the women's like something you know, I think I'm falling in love with Janet
Oh really really you know, sorry. Are you kidding me?
You know, um bill you've been spending a lot of time with Janet lately um
Do you think you might be falling in love? Well, you know
You know, I've been developing some feelings for Janet lately. I don't I'm not sure if I'm in love or not
These are these conversations that men are having on these soap operas. I'm very glad I don't watch soap operas
Well, you know sometimes I see I wanted to be an open-minded kind of guy and humor the wife she watches these soaps many women watch soap operas
Those of us who you know are in relationships and get married you try to humor your partners interests and at least give it a shot
You know she still hasn't humid my desire to have a threesome
So I don't even know why I'm putting up an effort nevertheless
So you give it a shot. It's like this is maddening. This is absolutely maddening. This is about as ridiculous
This it's I'm gonna have to look at this as if it were a comedy and the problem with that is that nothing ever happens in the American soap operas
They take a month with one scene they just keep going back to the same scene like all right
I know that this is an eternal story that's never gonna come to an end and you just got a fill time and kill time
But for Christ's sake
Move the story along such as it is
Such as it is which is another thing is like is anything actually happening here or they just
Kind of having this circular conversation
And I think I'm right kind of like we are right now because we don't have any calls on the board
Maybe when we come back maybe when we come back I'll play that Morris. He's something that I was talking about right at the beginning of the show
It's very short. Thank you Tony the Brit good CD although I already had those medic street preachers everything else you put on there very good
Spot on as they say somewhere 19 till two on five sixty Q a.m
I
Wish
I
And
I've been dreaming of a time when To be English is not to be faithful
To be standing by the flag Not feeling shameful, race is so powerful
I wish what English hearts is my main goal There is no one from Earth and of radio
And I will die with both of my hands on time
I've been dreaming of a time when To be English is not to be faithful
To be English is not to be faithful
Forever
12-1
12-2, 5-60, QAM
I wish what English hearts is my main goal
I wish what English hearts is my main goal
I wish what English hearts is my main goal
I wish what English hearts is my main goal
I wish what English hearts is my main goal
Sometimes, strange things happen
Just because something beyond your explanation happened doesn't mean that explanation A is the right one
There is also explanation B, C, D all the way up to Z and then on the Greek alphabet there are many explanations or theories that people could offer to explain this thing that you are having difficulty explaining
The thing about that is that that's not how science works
The trophy goes to he who can prove their theory
Through evidence that can be demonstrated outside of that situation, elsewhere by other people under separate circumstances
That is what is proof and then you get the trophy and then you get to call your theory a fact
You don't know what happened, maybe you hoody cured your uncle
Maybe Satan cured your uncle, maybe the destroyer from the Hindu pantheon cured your uncle, you don't know what happened
Maybe the doctors were wrong, they've been wrong before, they're humans, maybe when they opened them up and found cancer everywhere, maybe it was something else
Maybe the healing water is a fatima, I don't know
Did you see the departed?
No, no, no, I haven't, I haven't, I need to see what everyone says it's great I need to
You need to see it, but when you see it, see if there's any similarities to that movie and games in the New York for some reason
I think it's kind of the same thing, but it's a real good place to light a lot of cussing, healing and a lot of shooting them
I love all of those things, and you will not see the end of coming at all
Oh, good, I love surprises, here's a note, no surprise, either from Pete the Chronic Bored Out
Pines, pig report between pines and Douglas, did you see the movie? What is it?
I don't know what this word over here, did you see the article on Virginia speeding tickets?
A thousand dollars for 20 miles per hour over the limit says, no, no, I didn't see that
I got issues with Virginia, and this is an edit, it has to do with the radar detector as being illegal
See a radar detector is a detector, it's a sensor
You follow? Yes
Like a photo sensor, you know, those little light meters
In other words, detect something that you're doing to me, it doesn't do anything to you, it just tells me what you're doing to me
That's my right, it's like I have eyes and ears and if I want to put sensors in my car
that's my right
Oh, you're interfering with line force minimine?
No, no, no, no, no, that's a sensory device, I'm entitled to that
I'm entitled to take a break right now, 6-2-1-5-60-Q-I-M
Met a girl thought she was grand, fellin' up, found out firsthand
Good
With wealth, all we got to, landed on came unglued
In a trap, trip I can't grip, never thought I'd be the one who slipped
No
Let's start to realize, I was living one big lie, she paints me
Trash, she paints me, la la la la la la
I tried too hard, and she tore my feelings like I had none and ripped them away
She was queen for a bow then I, after that was got sour
Now it's over and I'm glad, cause I'm a fool for all I said, she paints me
Trash, she paints me, la la la la la la
I tried too hard, and she tore my feelings like I had none and ripped them away
I tried too hard, and she tore my feelings like I had none and ripped them away
