I'm going to land on the foil for a car.
Alright, it looks like Neil's been at some of that diet food again.
Anything for the honor, Carolyn?
Uh, welcome back to the Morning Sickness Group.
Oh!
What the fuck?
He's the only talk about sports at a rapid pace.
Oh, hold on!
The Epo No Force after here, tough!
Hey, you think that's good.
When I was at the track last night, a horse I've been on was so slow
that Jockey kept at Diaries.
What was that, Carolyn?
About the guy that was raped in the hurry canes, locker room?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And thanks for making the studio smell better, Dutz.
Okay, we got Latrean comics on the line.
Hi Latrean, what's going on, man?
Hey, you made estimates that you will learn about it
and knock it down and the white of the old portrays
in the C-80 Markler, whether it's the Maw Smith.
Well, let me tell you, I can't do anything about it.
It'll soon be in the dollar.
We'll be out of the mind of each time.
What do you say?
Hey, you made a mistake and I tell you.
We're probably going to throw back the body,
so I'll really look up in the camera now.
Turning the knife with our future for the goddamn
we're gonna lose that coming next year.
Ain't nobody gonna knock out you, don't give me a lot of casualty.
You won't take the next country.
We do, we've got a tour of these record-ready people.
Lot of people are here, we've lost, we put it in the city,
we've got a lot of people here, we've got a good table.
We lost one, we lost.
Thank you for your call.
Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit.
Right hit of you, Goldie Horn.
So, Goldie, that you Goldie.
So Goldie, what's your take on college at the Leeds?
Who aspires to play Shmere the Queer?
Because it's Goldie.
I think there's a response to Goldie.
Hey, you got something against playing there.
No, no.
Yeah, uh-huh.
How you raised your child?
I take a breather to what you said about grab soccer.
Sounds like a real ice queen if you ask me.
Dad, what's your wife?
Well, let's not get into that.
Oh, look, we got the guy with the eyes for the third time today.
Hi, you Kenny.
Uh-oh, operators.
Thank you for your call.
Ain't this more fun than cutting your balls off with a serrated scissors?
Oh, yeah.
All right, I'll go now.
Whatever it is.
Hey, happy Monday to you.
It's 10-03 at 5-60 WQAM Monday,
el sieste de mayo.
See?
So, how was your Cinco de Mayo doing?
Doing things special on Cinco de Mayo?
Um, stink it up a little bit?
No.
I did nothing special.
What about you, Chris?
Anything special on el Cinco de Mayo?
Uh, had some drinks, had some tacos, you know.
Go out and feed a few Mexicans?
Good.
Excellent job.
So anyway, Clarence comes in this morning to bug the crap out of me and the noise-
I'm going to know him as much as he can.
Well, she doesn't have to do very much.
All he's got to do is show his presence in that studio,
and that annoys me enough.
Hey, Clarence, screw off.
And he says we're going to have more information on those great ratings
with Cinco.
Well, guess what?
It looks like 1003 to me.
And I'm listening to the sound of my facts machine.
You know how it usually makes that yawning kind of sound like, you know,
like the Elisduwer morning show at the big loud yawning sound.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, and it's not doing it.
Now, is he, is he faxing directors?
He bringing you this information, all this additional data?
I know.
The hour is enough.
And he says if you don't get it at 10 o'clock in this hour,
he won't get it because of that clock.
I'm leaving you all before the firing squad.
I'm sure they have good aim, Clarence,
because you're aiming to kill us.
Wow.
Here's quite a story to get started for the week.
Pastor Ronald Smart's name appears in numerous court records,
often a character witness for one of his flock at Union Missionary Baptist Church
near Newport, Richie, up the Arota piece, Newport Richie.
Now, Smart is a defendant.
This is Pastor Ronald Smart, charged with mistiming or battery in a June 10th incident
that purportedly occurred at Smart's Trinity home.
We'd have to assume that was last June 10th unless he, uh,
this is a psychic, uh, news story.
A charging document filed in November.
Well, I've said that the wheels of justice sure grind very slowly,
don't they?
States that Smart is accused of touching a 37 year old man against his will.
Smart 48 is filed a plea of not guilty in the case,
which has not yet been said for trial.
Like I said, the wheels are grinding, grind very slowly.
In a newly released complaint made that they have to the alleged incident,
the 37 year old man said he fell asleep inside Smart's home after working
a 12 hour shift and then taking an all day deep, deep, uh,
deep sea fishing excursion with Smart and fellow church members.
The man said he woke to find his pants and underwear pulled onto his knees.
His shirt pulled up to his neck and smart straddling him while kissing his chest.
Oh, that sounds a little good.
I don't know.
It could be wrong.
In a handwritten statement, the man said he prayed for God to get him out of the
situation.
After I prayed that prayer, the doorbell rang and it was the kids from across the street
coming to tell Ron that the cover on his convertible was done and it was raining.
Thank God for making it rain the man wrote.
Oh, thank the Lord.
When Smart returned to the room, he has quoted a saying he took this too far
according to the complaint.
The complainant said he had not wanted to go to Smart's home,
but the pastor was giving him a ride.
He had sounds like it.
And insisted I needed to spend time with him.
Afterwards, Smart drove the man home when he showered and went to bed and he thought
he would detect it.
The man said he decided to lodge a complaint with a sheriff's office the next day after
discussing what happened with his wife and mother.
In a taped interview with the pastor, the pastor said he took the man by the smart
residence after the June 10th fishing trip, but nothing happened between him.
Smart said he did recall the children coming over to warn him about his convertible top.
When asked why the complainant made the allegations, he said the victim asked him to coast on
for a car loan.
Smart said he refused and the victim claimed he would make the allegations.
Stuart and Smart said,
Terny Larry Hart said his client is entered a not-girdly plea and were in the middle of investigating it,
so it's a bit premature to outline the defense strategy.
I guess he had a premature evaluation.
lawyer Jeffrey Lucas who represents the 37-year-old man said he expressed his client's identity
will become public when he eventually frasal lawsuit against Smart and the church.
What happened to this guy is just a polling, Lucas said there's a loophole in the law.
It would be sexual battery, but they're being for no penetration.
Our oldest and state attorney, Mary Hansel, said she doesn't think a loophole exists.
Hansel, I wonder what Gretel thinks.
Both individuals are adults, so I wanted to touch you.
Short of penetration is simple battery, she said.
As Sally Fitz will tell you about those simple batteries.
She liked them.
Okay, let's take a look at that poor result from my Friday.
Oh, my spouse girlfriend or boyfriend is, we have 1659 votes, Holy Toledo.
My spouse girlfriend or boyfriend is smoking hot, 474.
I ain't got nobody, form to 18.
I ain't got nobody.
Used to be hot, but not so much anymore.
It's not even maybe like Luke Warm now at best, 294.
Like Teppid?
Isn't Teppid like a little bit below a lukewarm?
I think it is just below it there.
Just below lukewarm.
Just okay, 150.
I don't have that thing where you still have okay, I got that now.
Okay.
There you go.
There you go.
Thank you.
Too fat 139.
Too, uh, also.
Average looking 131.
Average like I said is just fine, there's nothing wrong with the average.
Ugly as sin 31, that is not good.
And too skinny, 22.
Too fat 139, too skinny, 22.
You see that, that's the work in every way.
No ice cream, no sugar, what day is it?
It's Monday.
Congratulations.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, how do you like that?
Very good.
How about the weekend?
What do you mean by that?
Sugar.
I just got to, what did I just get through saying?
I said no sugar or ice cream since, uh, whatever, I had food in the way.
I failed, I'm sorry.
Because I was going to have no sugar this month, too, but.
Idiot.
And Saturday morning, a woodbine, I had a miracle, baby.
Oh no, don't be talking about your gambling winnings on here, that's bad.
That's very, that's incentious.
But you know me, I'm incensitive to begin with.
That's right.
Okay, let's take a look at the pool today and then we'll, I have O.J. McDuffick come back
on for a little encore.
So, so where's parents with the rest of these numbers?
I don't know.
I'll go out there and drink and see if, um, you know.
Yeah, go on his orifice.
Oh, please.
696 votes.
I bet you we got 700, huh?
What do you think?
702, I told you.
I knew it.
I could smell it.
Mmm, man.
Do I sound a little stuffed up?
Yeah, no.
What's the best thing Italy's given to the world?
I like this pool because I love Italy.
I mean, to me, Italy, if I had a billion dollars man, I'd buy it.
I'd go there right now.
I'd go to Roma and Manjumanja.
And of course, great food is winning.
255.
That's what I voted.
What did you vote?
Great food.
That's the answer.
Feeding the early Christians to the lions 91, the only problem is they stopped.
That's the bad part.
They'd have kept on going.
We'd all be a lot better off.
Too many of those far-bisoned glam running around now.
So for you, Lorenz 77, the Renaissance 58, the mafia 50.
Oh, yeah, without the mafia, we'd have had no Godfather.
The Roman Empire 28, awesome ancient ruins 28.
From it, I thought it said awesome ancient nuns.
I didn't know the ancient nuns were awesome.
Probably in the sack they were though, with the other nuns.
Sergio Leone is spaghetti westerns 24.
Oh, Michael, Angelouin is art 24.
Hey, Michael, you're fair, Angelouin.
Galileo 23, who finally got an apology hundreds of years after he died, better late than ever.
Christopher Columbus, the Jewish Italian sailor 10, cheeses 9.
As in Jesus Christ, Jesus Christ.
Have we had that discussion before about whether it's cheese or cheeses?
It's cheese, unless it's more than one kind than it's cheeses, just like with everything else.
Well, two different more than one.
It's a kind of cheese.
I would think that they're like Holland is more famous for cheese than Italy.
Well, maybe not.
You've got your mozzarella and your assiago.
And I've always told you there's nothing better than a piece of assiago cheese.
Cheese is 9.
A beautiful language with words like arriba de arcissi 7.
What's beautiful about arriba de arcissi?
Again, this is Charlie Beans' pull, I'm sure.
He makes them all now.
He's the pull guy.
Arriba de arcissi.
Find out for a six, right wing bastards like Mussolini and Burlusconi for
Pavarotti III and Julius Caesar, Solomon Tadeus.
A tuberute, huh?
A tuberute?
7.
14, it was a real brute.
7.
15.
But the votes are pouring in, we'll get 1,000 today, Chris is really satisfied with that.
Aren't you?
Oh, yeah.
Don't let me put words in your mouth.
So what did you find out?
Did you go in there and take a look to see if clearance is a pock?
I'm out there.
Wait for the break.
I'm not leaving in the middle of the year.
Why am I here?
All right, see ya.
You can leave right now.
I'm going to do the break.
We don't need you to do the spot and to do the break, you know?
He said, what are we going to do?
He said, what are we going to do?
We'll have, huh?
He said, he's gone.
Gone, gone, gone.
We'll have OGM McDuffie come in.
He can do a live spot.
Then we'll have Eric Reed come in and read one.
Alex Marvazel do one.
And then we'll have Ira Windbag do two or three live spots.
And then of course, we'll have the regular guys.
Bo Campro will do one.
And then Kenny will, hey, I don't know.
I'll do one.
What do you think?
Sounds good to me.
Sounds like a plan, baby.
We're going to do an 85 minute spot break coming up next hour.
It's also going to be an hour and a half.
And guess what?
The good news is on Thursday.
Oh, wait a minute.
Did that schedule have a mistake on it?
My schedule said the game was at noon Thursday.
Then we better double check that.
And I think, clearly, it's the next day.
But I have the Marlin's schedule.
And it says the game is at noon, which means 1130.
I've been talking about that and screaming about that
for ages.
And on the schedule, it says Marlin's on Dec. 1233,
day in the Marlin's in LA 105, which makes more sense.
Why would they play noon on Thursday, huh?
Unless they're really stupid.
Hello?
Yeah.
You're pushing us, Pepe.
We're going to be on the next day.
A month later.
That's the information at WQAM, busy broadcast group,
incorporated.
Wow.
M-O-N-N-D-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
I met a priest when I was 11.
He said he would save my soul.
But we made a detour on the way to heaven.
You found it.
And into his bedroom we did take a stroll.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome, Pepe.
Welcome.
Welcome to the Marlin's in LA,
and into his bedroom we did take a stroll.
And into his bedroom we did take a stroll.
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his robe and bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.
I got molested by the preacher man.
He had the right jury.
Okay, here's a whole bunch of stuff coming over the facts machine, man.
And look at that.
The big old kicked ass in the morning, 5 to 70.
And let's hear it for the big old.
He really is.
A rock solid.
He had a 4.0.
And Mepho had a 2.5 between 5 and 7.
The big old kicked his ass.
And everybody from coast to coast is happy about that.
And you want to know why?
Because everybody hates a default like poison.
But anyway, I just thought I'd mention that.
Well, they're sure there's a lot of stuff coming over there now.
Wow.
I mean, I asked for it.
I'm getting it.
Okay, do we want to really dissect and go through it?
Oh, yeah.
We have a question on it.
We don't want to hear him.
And I think you should take your time of it, too.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to be 455 teeth.
I think you should take your time and read them all twice, as well.
Okay.
Oh, let's see.
It's 10.19.
If I take my time on these, it'll be like, one right.
Before you know it.
Okay.
And the morning from 5.
Look at that.
Ron and ancient Paul, 5 to 70.
I'm a 7.4 share just edging out hot 105 with a 7.3.
Wow.
Pretty tight there, huh?
WXDJ.
I'm sure no speaking English.
I have to know what it is.
Then it means no speaking English.
I would have to say it.
They were third.
Then power.
Man, this is 9.25 to 54.
And this is for the entire week.
Am I correct about?
No, this is for Monday through Friday.
Well, like I said, CMQFAMA, no speaking English, was after that.
The men in black, 4.2 and QM, a 4.0.
The big O.
He was number seven.
We were number six, by the way.
We're number six, damn it.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
What?
What do you mean, how do I like it?
What I was trying to say was, do you like it?
But I'm saying right.
No.
Then EDR and life and radio rhythm and radio mambi and radio romancia and radio amor.
Well, I don't hear that tongue.
Got a lot of practice.
W-I-O-D and W-I-MXD and KISS.
And wax your tide, 60th and whatever, 17th, 2.5.
D-fo.
Man, they hate you, D-fo.
And guess what?
We don't want your back ever.
We don't want you to come knock on our door.
We don't want anyone to know why?
Because you're a backstab, we're in a...
But other than that, he just all the way around a bad guy.
Or you want your firmware to take my job.
Remember that?
At I-O-D.
Yeah, yeah.
Talk about paranoid and insecure.
But anyway, I don't want to sit here knocking D-fo for more than two or three hours.
Okay, let's take a look at 7 to 10 AM.
Oh, it's the Kenny and Bob Morning Show on our station.
Wow, let's see if we can find it.
Got that flashlight ready?
Okay.
Big continues to dominate.
They're now that Ron and ancient Paul are Ron for a hundred hours a day.
We can't possibly compete with that.
What are they on from 530 to morning till midnight?
Oh, God.
Big with a 7.6 year in man in the 7 to 10 AM.
See when Stern went to serious, that was the...
That was like an open door for them.
You know what I mean?
Was when Stern was on terrestrial radio, he used to kick their ass.
W-X-D-J, 6.3 is second.
This is in the morning drive.
Now, okay, so these are important.
And like you said, take your time.
Read them all aloud and clear.
Clear.
Top 105, 5.8.
Radio Amor is next.
Radio Diplomal.
Is there any channel where anybody's speaking English?
Oh.
The coast is number six in man.
See, I don't believe that.
Do you know any man 254 who listen to the coast?
No.
No.
Straight in?
Is that what you're saying?
Any man, even a...
Gain.
Even a streamer.
C-M-Q-F-A-M-A, power, E-D-R.
Waxi, oh, damn.
They're tied for 10th with love.
That's your road.
3.2 share in the morning.
Tied for 10th with love 94.
Okay, let's contend.
I don't want to read them all.
Iod didn't do all that well.
They had a 2-5.
What do they do in the news in the morning?
They got Dave Lamont farting on the air or something?
Kiss is tied for 19th with men in black.
Boy, and Q-I-M is 21st with a 1.8.
Woo!
Wow.
We'll see.
They had a 2-2 from 6 to 10.
But of course, that was the big O.
He, the 6 to 7 hour boosted up a little bit.
But from 7 to 10, the Kenny and Posture, I'm not sure it was the square table and the
are you gay or not gay that pushed him down to that 1.8 share?
A 1.8.
And you know who's laughing up his fat sleeve and his checkered pants?
Oh, yeah, you can be sure of that.
He is just, oh, I told you guys.
Oh, yeah.
Am I right?
Mm-hmm.
And what about scare American tomorrow?
And that a 1.6.
They were right on our ass.
That we had a 1.8.
They had a 1.6.
A 1 share in men.
Oh my God.
Do you have it?
And let's see.
What's the WMEN?
It doesn't show.
Remember that fact I had from that radio yin to, oh, the radio wars are back here.
Right, luckily story.
Idiot.
They don't even show.
So, ManCal made a tremendous impact.
He's got a point.
Oh!
Plump, and if you care extrapolated, all the way out.
Oh!
Nothing.
He ain't got a listener.
Okay, here we go.
10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
That's us.
10 to 2.
1.10 to 3.
He's 10 to 2.
This is why these are more exciting.
Not great.
What?
And I called it.
I told you exactly what we'd have because I've been doing this a long time.
Because we had a 3.7 between 10 and 3.
And I said we have a 4.1.
You know what we got?
4.1.4.1.
CMQFM.
No spicketing glasses.
Number one in midday with a 7.8 share.
Big is right there way behind.
5.5.
CM Jo Bell calls me Friday afternoon.
It says, well, that January was all screwed.
You know, in scale, yeah, we got screwed in January.
All right.
If we had to have decent January, we'd have a little bit better.
But we're still sucking wind, you know.
You keep talking yourself into it, jolly.
You keep telling yourself a story.
A coast is third, which I don't believe.
49.
Love 94 in the coast.
Oh, God.
IOD is fifth to the 4.4 and we're six for the 4.1.
We're number six, damn it.
Oh, yeah.
How the mighty have fallen.
The once legendary Neo-Rodger show followed by Radio Dimo and Waxi,
which the guy with a big mouth over there who thinks he knows something
and doesn't, he's got a tutu.
And I'm sure he'll look lovely wearing it.
He's got a tutu.
So we got a 4.1, he's got a tutu.
He has got a bigger quim because he inherited a huge quim from Jo Rose,
but nonetheless, big deal.
That in 40 bucks will buy a ticket to Ojas.
2 to 4 p.m., okay?
Big continues dominating.
Isn't it great that they had this tremendous book and they just screwed up their whole lineup?
Oh, never fails, doesn't?
Nope.
Never fails when people make a premature evaluation, you know?
Just like that.
Big had a 6-8, they're number one in 2 to 4.
Now let's see, we don't care about any of these others.
Do we love 94 audio?
Did Mosey and QFA MAPAR?
By the way, this is Rick Shar's last week on the air.
Congratulations, Rick, you demand.
Go watch that cap before we hand it over to that other guy.
IOD had a 4-4 in attendance.
What is this?
2 to 4.
Well, how do they do against us?
They had a 4-4, we had a 4-1.
Well, screw you, Rush.
That's one of the rarest.
That's one of the first times in ages he's ever been.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
In fact, it's one of the few times in ages anybody's beaten.
Let's be honest, we're used to it.
And of course, that 1-8 lead in man had helped a lot.
Nice going Kenny.
Hey, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Let's see, where we go on here.
Radio Amor.
Oh, boy.
Where the hell is Vaxi?
Vaxi was number 14 tied with a 2-7 from 2 to 4.
INZ had, as it was, one of the three stations tied with a 2-7.
And QM had a 2.3 share.
The mad dog, not.
All right.
Not.
All right.
I said not so.
All right.
Can you believe that?
Now, who the hell did I got on from 2 to 4, the booster?
Chris?
I really have no idea who's on anymore.
You have no idea?
Well, see, I'm using the term kind of a communist.
You're not following the sports fraternity here.
You're part of the sports fraternity.
Chris has got to come in there and give you a spanking.
He was just here giving another batch of things to fax to you.
So maybe this will answer your question.
Yeah, tell me I got a back form.
Neon God.
Well, we got some hours in the day.
And let's start with a take a look at that, especially those nighttime hours.
Thank you, Panthers.
We love the Panthers and Building 2.
No, forget that.
No, no, no.
Be certainly a big part of that number.
You listen to WIOB.
Let's show some day kind of battle.
Uh-huh.
You never know it's like a way that they are from all day.
The sports fraternity is a daughter.
It's always high-quality, and sunny version.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
You know, you know You know, you know
He went wicked, sucked her weapon, listen and pour
The baby has never been better than war
At all you let her see, I'm not guilty on the billboard
It's the cost for the sports or the weather
It's always ankle-gurly and sunny, her shit goes it got got got got got
They all are no buy now
No one ever listens to that other crowd
It's the talent that keeps the place running
And he got sold her gun at sound
The talent is losing out
And 30 years later he's on the left standout
That!
Tune it out
Tune it out
Tune it out
When it's out I'm Tune it out, man right now
I'm Tune you out
When it's out
Okay, 1033, 2074
Let's look at that award when he's scheduled
He used to be award when he's boy the mad dog really took it up the old nose in this book
And he really wow
We got mad dog at 2, 2 to 4
Power hour with Hank at the mad dog together 4 to 5
They had a big march to power hour
Maybe people find this discovered that's where they get their power
You think?
I don't know
Hank from 5 to 630 to Humper
And the Thumper
Oh and the big Johnson picked the winner I guess to Humper
Did two streets hence in the Derby and you know what who cares
Did you watch it?
No
No
Well why not? What are you laughing about?
Are you kidding me?
The Kentucky Derby?
You sound un-American in me mister
Maybe if I was in it or somebody I knew if you were in it?
Yeah
Like a Jackie
Oh I'm little enough
Like a little guy that won what else his name?
I can't think of his name Calvin Borrell, he's a hundred years old
Aaaaah what I won!
It was really something when he threw his teeth out I thought that was cute
Marlins on Deck at 630, 705
The Marlins and the Dodgers at the same
Did we ever find out about that game through these?
It is a 12 o'clock game
And then we got a game there with it a KF for the Marlins game
You see it's a...
See I knew it!
This Clarice man you ought to go behind the firing squad
In fact don't even waste your time just blow your brains out now and save them the trouble
The schedule is wrong and leave it to me you see
What?
Aaaaah!
Aaaaah!
I'm gonna have a breakdown right under your now you know what?
Oh good!
Roll tape!
No I'm serious
This is the program director and you can't even get the time
All you gotta do is go online like I did the ages ago
and print out the Marlins schedule so I know when we had all those neat early days off
You know like this Thursday at 11.30 in the morning
Am I right?
Correct
The schedule says Marlins on Deck at 12.30
Marlins on Deck is at 11.30 on Thursday and the game is at noon
Don't ask me why because they're stupid I guess and they think that on the Thursday people are gonna take off from work
And go see a stupid ass ballgame which they're not
Businessman special
Yeah, Businessman my ass okay
Mr. Businessman let's get that you got that by race Stevens Mr. Businessman if you got that man then you're doing it
Huh?
You're really kicking an ancient style if you got Mr. Businessman by race Stevens
I like that it's kind of it sucks
No
Oh good
Okay now now we got I got numbers that haven't been invented yet okay and the ones that are my favorite are the ones that start with a
For example in the month of March the highly touted Keny and Beaumourning show on WQAM we had
They had I want they had and I want to correct an earlier number I gave out we just said they had a point eight
That's incorrect they had a 0.6 not a point eight point six
I just yeah, I don't want to like and in a month of January we got nailed on the station
We got you know fall out of diaries a lot of wired diaries across the street
But what these people don't understand is on this show we're not competing with across the street
We don't give a crap about them about that obnoxious New Yorker or anything else they put on here because we're not doing a sports show
We're competing with another obnoxious baldhead a geek rush and with scare America and with stations like that who do talk radio
I know that's you know foreign language around here
Give me the ball give me the ball give me that jacks that let me sniff it you know that's that's what we're all about
Now well what what do I want to give you besides a headache
Oh give it to us all oh let me let me let me let me oh God
In the morning between five and seven okay got the hourlies here five to six a and the bigos got a four point eight share
And the Meefos got a two four he doubles the audience and then it's a three eight for the bigo and a two four
At least he was consistent with a two point four share week week but talk about week
Woo our morning show at seven o'clock has got a two point two that two two we keep past it around
It looks really lovely on Kenny eight to 90 and they got a one seven and nine o'clock they got a one point five share
Oh my God
Hallelujah please give us some juice ten o'clock we got a four four that's after one five which is no great number for us
At eleven o'clock we got a five five but then it knew a three five and a one a three five
And then at two o'clock the mad dogs are a one point seven share oh my God
Can you believe that I believe it so so what else do you want to know when we're signing off
I can't hear these wait till you hear the nighttime numbers on the station this is again a lot of hockey
Hockey hockey hockey how about those sabers how about those senators huh any interest no
Seven o'clock we got a one four share and believe you me that's far far and away
And that's because most of the games haven't started by that time yet
That's following the six o'clock to two which also was pretty weak eight o'clock we got all the numbers after seven o'clock start with a
Oh and wait till you hear the eleven to midnight number okay now let me ask you Chris do you remember when they put
The SPN radio on at night starting at ten o'clock one one was that abortion was it remember this book huh yeah I think I think it was
Right now book I think it's your paid off big dividends eight o'clock we got a point eight nine o'clock we got a
Point three ten o'clock we got a point two and eleven o'clock eleven till midnight on WQM and a fall in the
Winterbrook we got a point oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh that's a point
Now if I ever wanted to tell you that you looked at me and said hey old man you must be getting seen now you got old
Timers disease you must be a crazy per you're a crazy and I was thinking who I'm working for man
Wow how how can an I don't care if it's eleven o'clock and I how can we have a point oh oh oh oh huh I don't know that's
I mean scared I don't know does that and of course that's part of the bonus of taking any K offer there putting on the
SPN radio because it was really cheap and I you can always sell a lot of spots in there too when you got a point oh oh oh
I know that's not you know I'm not going to sell a lot of spots at eleven o'clock at night but but nonetheless
however talk about an abortion baby that is really really and you know and these people are asking me well what
do we do what do we do just keep paying me that's that that's what we do if I pay the is coming up on Thursday
pay the is Thursday and we also got an eleven thirty exit on Thursday what's not to like oh yeah can you imagine how
much I can lose on Thursday I don't know a lot and then let me tell you a little inside secret about my
ingenuity there at Woodbine Saturday morning machine I like to play way down on the end my dollar wheel
of fortune it was dead as a door nail I'm playing one a couple of weight I'm doing okay I'm up a couple hundred eight hundred
nine hundred and take it back and I see a guy come to the one on the end and it gives him a six hundred bucks
on the line and I said to myself I said self that machine is going to be the jackpot machine mine it's going to start
paying and a couple other people tried it and put nothing and I went over there and within five minutes three
grand on the line I said I'll ride they gave me the money and I ran I mean ran out the bar race down
even at no business like show business he had no excuses by the way that erby he was right there he was in
perfect position and he puked his guts on the stretch eight hundred seventeen votes on the pool best
thing at least given the world all the others are second rate great food for David's a bitch
but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but
but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but
but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but
but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but
but but define it's Bogger saying it's right to the spots it's right to the spot it's right to the spot it's right to the spot it's right to the spot it's not double now what's this is all good he needed to add a little less usual
up in Vegas it's like the odd five.
So big a blow that brains a lowly and nice side
relates to.
Like that crap all over.
But then again, you know, why jump to conclusions, right?
You know me, I'm always jumping to conclusions.
The sky is falling, the world's coming to win it.
Well, I speak about the sky is falling, so they have the horrendous
journey to when Greensboro, Greensboro, Kansas, and just basically
wipe the whole town out.
And there's your president going on about our hearts are heavy,
our hearts are heavy.
And I'm thinking to myself, his heart was way of trillion pounds
is hard as heavy for all the dead people.
Because look at all the people, he's responsible for me in dead
and wounded and no eyes and no arms and no legs and no ass and all
of these things.
And his heart is heavy.
Good, golly Miss Molly.
And then something about, well, we got to look to the Lord.
Now, you know, the same Lord that caused that tornado to kill all
them people and wiped the town out.
Wouldn't you say?
OK.
Damn that, Lord.
Remember that song by George Harrison, my damn Lord?
Oh, boy, that's going to hide out.
And he, I just got all these sheets of paper here and I don't
know what to tell you about them.
Although we did meet the guys across the street in February and March.
That's our big claim to fame as if they're the competition.
We got the Screwed Bad and January and they got a kiss.
And it won't happen again, believe you me.
They won't get a kiss like that again.
And how come I don't have the a monthlies for them over there?
How can we send me the monthlies for us for all the different
day parts, but not the monthlies for?
Well, I don't want any more paper wasted.
OK, whatever your name is.
I was called him D-Full.
You're clear?
No, he's gone anyway.
So forget about it.
Good.
All right, he's got to the firing squad.
We'll see Claret's no more.
OK, I'm putting that whole pile of crap over there.
So there you go.
A disaster book.
And it's just one rating book.
I mean, is the world coming to the win end?
Because it allows a book?
I don't think so, certainly for some people.
How could you get a 0.6 on this station?
Seriously, I want to ask you.
I mean, wouldn't you have to have a really, really bad show?
I'm not talking about the nighttime numbers.
I'm talking about some other day part to get a 0.6.
Do you think it was the shape of the table?
829 votes on the pool.
What's the best thing that Italy's given the world?
I bet it's more than that.
I bet it's 831.
See?
Great food 297.
And of course, see, you know what the problem is with that.
A lot of those 297 people voted.
They think that they know Italian food
because they've been doing Italian joint.
And they've had some triple Americans.
They've had some Franco-American and maybe some
shipboy RD, you know, with meatballs.
They think that's Italian food.
If you've been to Italy, then you know what Italian food is.
Like, I don't want to sound like condescending
or something like that, just because I've been there
a thousand times.
But that's the real Italian food.
Not something in a can.
Not something in your can.
Great food 297.
Feeding the early Christians to the lions 101.
Oh, good start.
Why did you stop?
So feel around 100.
The Renaissance 74.
The mafia 59.
Big explosion there with the Luxor.
Now let's see, the Luxor is the one
that shaped like the pyramid, right next to the one I hate.
That would be correct.
The one that I hate is the one on the corner there.
It looks like Disney World.
What is that then?
Oh, you know, medieval time.
No, not medieval times.
You know, old times, my ass.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, they are.
Yeah, it is.
No, the one on the corner.
Yeah, the one that looks like a castle.
No, it's not medieval time.
It's a caliber, that's it.
Next caliber, what is it?
I wasn't even a child with it.
People with children.
How about mediocre times?
Awesome ancient ruins, 34 like Eocolacelo.
The Roman Empire, 33.
Sergio Leone Spaghetti, Westerns, 28.
Michael Angelo and his Ark, 27.
How did he get up there on a ceiling?
Because he could fly.
Galileo, 27.
Christopher Columbus, 12.
Jesus Christ, 10.
Jesus.
A beautiful language with words like,
are we the, are we the Archie?
Ciao.
Bonicera, nine.
Grazia, fine opera, six.
He's not Grazia either by the way.
Don't quit Italy and say, Grazia.
They'll look at you like you're not seeing.
Fine opera, six.
Roman numerals, five.
Why, why do Roman numerals, why is that even on there?
I don't know, somebody thought it'd be funny.
It's not.
Right wing bastards like Mussolini and Berlusconi, four.
Pavarotti, three and Julius Caesar,
still only a pair.
A large pair but nevertheless, 838 votes.
So we got the thousand made in the shade of day.
So are we gonna get like a revised schedule
just to verify that?
No.
Who, now who told you that Chris?
Well, Miguel came in and told me and then I'm also looking
at the official site of the Florida Marlins.
Where is that?
So I got it from the official site of the Stinking
Florida Marlins baby.
You think I just made that up so we can get out of here
1130?
That's a good idea though.
They've been more of a difference.
And what does it say?
It says the girls in O5, 12.0.5, noon baby, noon.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil, I have another one that they're,
he told you about giving us is the world championship
in soccer last year.
Yeah.
Don't tell me that he's not important.
Maybe not to you, but to me it is.
Well, I'm happy for you.
How is my boy, Cristiano Ronaldo doing?
Oh, but he's like, oh yeah.
Now I hit a sore spot with him because he placed for,
was he play for that Spanish team?
I don't know what he plays.
He plays in the locker room.
That's what I hear in the showers.
838 on the pool.
These people are their soccer, man.
Soccer's sucks.
You don't even try to pedal it to anybody with a brain.
All you want.
And all of this is an excuse for a bunch of crazy
people to get rowdy.
See that's what's wrong with that.
Now listen to me, it's an interesting part of culture
is that you go to almost any place ever been in Europe
and there's no violence in the streets
or at least very little, almost nonexistent.
And the violence is at the sporting events.
Where is that?
Here, huh?
I, Laddie.
Yeah, but whereas in the US, the violence is all over the place
and at the sporting events, they tend to be a little bit
more civilized except in the stands, few fist fights.
You know, throw beer on your head, something like that.
But nothing like really important, like at the soccer
matches, like the Brits, and silly Brits in the Italians,
they all whipped up into a frenzy about a stupid soccer match.
Oh my God.
Are you people kidding me?
That's a sport?
You call that a sport?
I'll take a part, cheesy is more of a sport than that.
And they're kicking the ball up and down
to feel the back and forth.
And they're patching with it.
And it goes out of bounds.
And the referee's got a red card, a yellow card,
and a green card.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, two great Italians.
How about Mark Coney?
You're all she wouldn't be here, right?
That's for Dan Scher.
Well, I'd be here, but not on the radio.
You wouldn't be on the radio.
And then Rico Fermi, great physicist.
And Rico Fermi had great physics, man.
In fact, he was as regular as my mother wish she was.
OK, thank you.
And we're not putting any more on there.
I mean, we could put Mark Coney macaroni on there.
But what's the point?
We could put a lot of individual names.
We could put Mark and Marlon Brando on there, right?
You know, put Ferraris on there.
Just got a facts for that.
Ferrari, my ass.
OK, I had two of them.
And you know that's doing.
Yeah.
That's up to you.
I don't care.
It's up to me what if you want to put it on there.
It's up to you by Rick Nelson.
Have you got that?
It's up to you.
That's not about songs.
Not one of his all-time greats.
In fact, he didn't really have any greats.
He had some of the old traveling men.
It was pretty good.
I don't have it.
You don't have it?
Sorry.
It's up to you that may have been his best song ever.
And you don't have it?
I'll fetch it.
What are you?
Some kind of an anti-semite?
No, you don't have to get it.
Listen, don't go through a lot of effort now.
When you look at those numbers, when you go through a lot of effort,
when you see that number from 9 to 10 is a 1, 5.
I mean, granted, it was a, we got screwed in the book.
Yeah.
But I mean, how much can you get screwed
when somebody's doing a 0.6 in February is a 0.6?
I don't want to lean on those guys,
because they sure don't need my help to fail,
believe you mean when I tell you.
That is just unspeakable.
What's going on here?
QA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
OK, sir.
I got a story you would enjoy just to your legacy.
I was doing a job for a woman yesterday who's from San Esuela.
And she's got her computer going with just a mix of all types of music,
and I'm working attaching her stove,
and all of a sudden the music is playing, and I just am working,
and I go, I, Luis Miguel, play it, baby,
and she goes, how do you know who he is?
All right.
I said because of Neil God, I've heard Luis a lot,
and I just thought back to those days when he used to play him,
and he seemed like subconsciously.
Excellent.
So if you could play a little Luis Miguel,
and let's get the ball off.
No chance.
OK, see you, pal.
Good idea.
See, he's trying to kill her.
He's trying to finish his off.
Yeah, it's all we need to do is start playing Luis Miguel.
And it's time.
It's time it was fun.
It was a lot of fun, and everybody was real childhood.
Before he got a big fan, I asked him before he decided to come
where I carried him again.
8.53 and a full, and he went along there,
Chris said, maybe they're waking up a little bit.
Well, what is that?
Oh, that was a little, I didn't know.
You cut it off when he started singing.
I never heard that song before.
I cut it off before it got bad.
Well, no word before what?
Got bad.
I don't know.
Coming around your ass up, I'm going to say that right now.
How can you be just because he's part half Mexican and half Italian?
We could put him on there if we wanted.
He's half Italian.
I didn't want.
Well, I'm not sure which half.
Don't you think?
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your dream.
Any questions?
Spider-man, Spider-man.
Jim and Cassian and garbage can.
Starfish looks.
It is suit.
Right now, next to the Spidey-Foot.
Big bucks, big bucks for Spider-man.
Fight to knock, cruise to knock, cranking up all the models.
So, the bliss, it can miss.
Number one, that's the box office, big bucks.
Big bucks for Spider-man.
Reateurs will be back to see him on the screen.
No one cares, he can't act.
It will make us a dream.
Spider-man, Spider-man.
From the brain of a guy named Stan.
He's got clubs, there's no doubt.
All of the movies just watch out, big bucks.
Movie houses are filled in.
He's gonna make a killing.
Big bucks for Spider-man.
Oh, let's go stand in line right now.
So, we got to write somebody in there.
And George saw it and he said it was just fine.
It was just fine.
Everybody saw it too much.
It was too, this was, you know what?
It was just fine.
We're ripping it up.
It's not boring.
On City Post, whatever.
And they were warning.
He was ripping it and asked.
It wasn't long on the slide.
He put a zillion dollars into special effects
in about three and a quarter in the script.
Not a lot of story, but it was not boring at any point.
And he said, and you told me,
James Franco was running around his underwear.
I like it already.
Emerging from a cloud of green steam.
You'd like to know.
Yeah.
That seems me that I haven't seen that yet.
But anyway.
A backpack exploded in a parking garage
attached to a Vegas hotel early today.
Killing a man who had picked it up and injured another person.
Don't be picking up no backpack.
No, a sack that's laying around.
You see somebody left a sack run away
and call a police and scream.
The sky is falling.
The man had removed the backpack from a topic.
Oh, I see it was on top of his car.
Well, I guess that makes sense.
When it exploded shortly after for this morning
on the second floor of a parking lot
behind the Luxor Hotel Casino,
that's right next to the X caliber,
which is for people with little kids
who might have got a Disney World of Gamble.
Oh, I hate that place.
The X caliber.
I can't stand it.
You know, you know, when they built that
was when Vegas was trying to be more like family friendly
and less, you know, perversion and sex.
And, you know, and then that went over like a pregnant pool
vault or in the people who really wanted to gamble.
They said, we don't want all these little kids running
around screaming and yelling and carrying on.
Get these people out of here and they said, okay.
The second person was taken when area hospital,
aerial video showed no apparent damage
to the parking structure, dank God.
Where entrances were blocked by police firefighters
and federal bureau of ATF and explosives agents
investigated, no further information immediately
available.
The Luxor was a pyramid shaped hotel,
like I said, moments ago at the South of the Vegas script.
I've been in there.
Now, which is the one that the one next door to Luxor,
the one Mandalay, the main delay?
That's the one that they were worried
that it wasn't going to settle
and they were going to have to tear it down
and do it all over again, remember that?
No.
Yeah.
After they built it, they were afraid,
when they build a huge building like that,
especially in the desert, it has to settle just right.
You know what I mean by that?
That's settled.
And they were a fear, but it settled.
Because I think some of the boys came along and made
the building an offer they couldn't refuse.
Speaking of the boys, wait till you see
whose pictures on the wall.
On CNN on their website, where the hell is that?
I'll find it, one moment please.
One moment please.
There's a picture of this house that's blown to bits.
Okay.
And inside the house, the only thing left on the wall
is a picture of, guess who?
I don't know.
Jesus.
Oh, I was going to say, kind of leave it right.
Yeah, right, right, right, well, close.
A picture of Jesus is on the wall.
And all of everything else saw this crap laying around
and everything just strewn all over the place.
But there's a picture of Jesus on the wall.
Is he there?
Yeah.
Or wouldn't anything Jesus would have held his hand out
and said, stop tornado, stop, evil tornado.
And you know, something like that, we didn't do it.
What a worst.
And anyway, speaking of Jesus, Doug Thompson's got
an article here today,
made God have mercy on this nation's political soul.
Doug Thompson's rant.
He says, now that we've all had a chance
to see the parade of wannabes from both sides
of the political aisle stake out their so-called positions
on the issues and too tightly control
and endlessly boring debates,
the only conclusion that any sane person can reach
is, oh my God.
Oh my God.
We're in a lot of trouble.
He steal a line from Howard Beale.
Remember when Howard Beale said, we're in a lot of trouble.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Thursday night for Republican debacle.
I mean, debates, stages and grandstays
under the wings of Ronald Reagan's Air Force 1,
Boeing 707 at the late president's library,
showcased just how out of touch the party they
often is with mainstream America.
The candidates avoided any mention of president Bush,
not surprising.
You don't get elected by tying yourself
to a failed leader with a 30% job approval.
About 30 minutes.
So the invoked the memory of a debt president,
Reagan, hoping the myth might overshadow reality
and somehow help their faltering election hopes.
It won't.
Reagan is not the political god
that Republicans try to create in such hushed tones
and that the GOP in these candidates
represent today as a far cry from a party that existed
when the Gipper was in Orifice.
While Democrats seek political extinction
through moderation and capitulation,
Republicans for the most part stick
with the same tired extremist agenda
that alienates voters.
GOP frontrunner Rudy Giuliani
avoid mentioning George W. Bush,
but he sounded a lot like W.
Democrats, he says, run and hide from terrorism
and only he and the GOP can save America.
John McCain, whom they said a record in the speed
that he dropped from presumed frontrunner to actual also ran,
says war is the only answer.
Mid-Ramley says a lot of things, most of them contradictory.
He may or may not be 100 depending on the day.
He may or may not support abortion.
Heck, he may or may not be a Republican.
As for the rest of the field,
who knows and who cares?
Under George Bush's tortured tenure,
Republicans have become the party of excess,
even feel they more candidates
represent than the Democrats
and suffering from more hot-button issues,
abortion, same-sex marriage,
stem cell research, and the biggie,
Bush is illegal and immoral war in Iraq.
Bringing up Ronald Reagan's name 19 times
won't save the Republican party,
drafting lawyer, actor, former senator,
Fred Thompson won either.
But the GOP still has the same ace in the hole
that has served them so well
in the past two presidential elections, the Democrats.
They can hope the party of the jackass
lives up to expectations and delivers
and opponent as lackluster as Al Gore,
or as fatally flawed as John Kerry,
based on what we've seen
from that side of the aisle, it can still happen.
As Hillary tries to prove she has more balls
than her opponents can be blacker than Obama,
and Obama tries to overcome the political liability
of unfortunate middle name
and emerging skeletons from his closet,
John Edwards sits down for a high-priced haircuts
and proves that trial lawyers really are the scum
of the earth while the rest of the Democratic field
avoid string from their consultant prepared
and focus group-owned talking points.
The so-called Democratic leadership in Congress
isn't helping.
They ham and haw and posture and moan
while Bush sets the agenda and makes them look
like castrated fools.
There's nothing worse than being made
to look like a castrated fool.
Somewhere there may be a leader who can guide this nation
out of the Iran-scrated by too many years
of both Republican Democratic mismanagement.
Unfortunately, he or she is probably too smart
to run for president.
Says your close personal pal.
And there's your president and the queen.
Wow, how do you like this?
How much money do you think they're spending on this fall?
Oh, she's a $1.00 guy.
As they see in Helsinki, now our sky.
Foolishness, nonsense, kaka.
She's got a lovely horse today, her majesty.
I can't say that.
Are the welcome back to the White House?
The queen.
Her majesty, queen Elizabeth II.
And he's a boy.
Don't you love what he likes to really articulate a word
and he spits it out like, hey, I just said a word.
It's got more than one syllable, yeah?
The second.
Wow, we're really proud of you, W.
And you wonder why it's handed the world
as a crazy place because it is.
You know, what are we worried about?
We're worried that a guy called me for about soccer matches,
you know, about Italy and soccer matches.
Most of which are fixed by the way,
but nevertheless, that's Italy for you, you know?
The big fixes in.
Fill them to blank, whatever it is, the big fixes in.
When I was exploring, maybe moving to Rome several years ago,
oh, well, you got to pay off the guy to get your electric turn down.
You got to smear everybody's palm in Italy
because the big fixes in on everything.
Not that there's any corruption there, you understand,
but right, 185 votes on the pool and great food
is kicking ass, 321 votes.
The best thing Italy's given the world.
The fact that spaghetti westerns is on here too,
that's enough to make me cry.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Mel.
Yes, sir.
The greatest contribution from Italy
is their fine-maned food and the high quality food.
Okay, let me say it again.
We're not building a pool here.
The pool is closed, did it?
Okay, the pool is closed.
You're simple, then you idiot with a mind like a pea
the size of a ball bearing.
So what do you think about the clothes?
Yamama.
I think Greg Reed used to buy those expensive suits
too probably with corporate money and he's still a schmuck.
Okay, what can I tell you?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, good morning, I'm going to go ahead.
Go ahead.
Maybe in Canada probably the next week or so.
Did he get fishing up there?
Did he have what?
And he got fishing up in Canada.
Yeah, go to Vancouver, okay?
And he got fishing up there.
Oh, God.
Call of Southeast saw, he'll help you out.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A yellow card.
Yes, you have to.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
Okay, I know.
The two boys are passing it back and forth on the phone too.
You're squeezing it together.
Are we going to hear any spider-man reviews?
Because you know, that's the only thing anybody's talking about.
Your president and the queen are there starting by a year.
Let's talk about that.
What?
The president and the queen.
Hey, Queenie.
You're fairy.
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
My God, you're reading the ratings again.
Yeah, I am.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How you doing?
Showed you a good job, yeah, sir.
Good. Listen, I feel a little loose thing.
I'm one of the newspapers the other day.
I was wondering if you heard anything about it.
People down in Halendale's probably know about it.
Did you hear anything about the commissioners down there?
It gives themselves a raise from 21,000 to $10,000.
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a question.
Do you live in Halendale?
Do I live in Halendale, no?
No, I'm neither the one so I couldn't care less.
I need to be the most of the people listening to us right now.
Nobody cares.
I don't want to be curred with you, sir.
But I'm most telling you right now, nobody cares about the people in Halendale.
Are the commissioners in Halendale?
What about Sunny Rosenberg?
Is he still alive?
Damn it.
I'm dying out of here.
We can only wish.
We be specific to the ride.
Any fun, I can be the thee.
No, what you doing with that?
You think a monkey told you were.
It wasn't some steals to make it right.
Check out what I've been kicking.
What you told me that?
You have it down in old times.
Shut up!
Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus
Jesus, Jesus,, Jesus, He is so sweet, He is so great of Him. Holy, holy , so mition, Jesus, You all are right. And you have all this good will, and yourself, all Christian contribution, everything you say to HimJP.org, God, myald,8,5, combination, help you. God, God, God, now, be alive. If you do not go down and say, to God, thebel, and the c
I can't believe that.
I'm looking at it there in print in black and white and blue.
Oh my God.
Remember that story we had about the gay guys that heard that announcement before
loaded on airport?
Yeah.
A self-disrupted prankster admitted playing a Bible verse over the PA system
at the International Airport last week that offended the gay couple County
officials said today.
Robert Mayor Josephus Eglinton Reader will know it in a way that's not the best
name in the story, okay?
And Bob B. like interim director of County Aviation to permanent identify the
prankster as are you firmly are you seeing they're very firmly in your seat?
Jeff Rowe Moonstime.
Jeff Rowe and Josephus 23 a sky cap works for a superior aircraft service
assistant for a modern Hollywood International Airport his name spelled J E F H R O
Jeff Rowe.
Right J E F H R O.
Jeff Rowe Moonstime.
The official said investigators talked with Moonstime Sunday night and said he admitted
playing the verse over the PA system twice.
Moonstime said it was a prank and then he had downloaded the verse onto his cell phone
then played it over the intercom.
He said he was not aware that the gay couple was in the airport terminal and said it was
just a coincidence that he had no ill intent.
County officials said BSO will turn over the results of his investigation to the Broward
State Attorney's office to determine if any charges ought to be filed.
Yeah, I think a bad name charge ought to be filed.
Jeff Rowe my ass.
What's that bit where we got where he says Jeff Rowe?
What is it?
It was a shoe for change my name to shoe for.
That's right.
I like shoe for a better than Jeff Rowe, especially spelled J E F H A D.
Well, in addition County officials said they would hurt superior aircraft to terminate
Moonstime's employment.
The unauthorized announcement quoted from Leviticus 2013 which depending on the translation
of the Bible states if a man lies with a man is one lies with a woman, both of them
have done what is detestable they must be put to death.
What was that?
Oh, the wrong drop.
I meant to put this.
I want to be clear.
That and the spout that started on top of this tower.
Engelton apologized for the incident Friday after a gay couple complain they heard the
biblical passage while in the baggage area of terminal three around 1245 AM last Tuesday.
I was almost it was almost so threatening I was frightened said Wamen Hudson.
I was frightened.
You're fairly.
Who ever heard the message with the foreigners six years, equipping such a whim.
By the way something.
Yes Bible doesn't say anything about a woman.
I don't want to hear about it.
I understand that this is a Bible versus partner Anthony Wickey said at the time.
I mean if you're going to start telling me what the Bible says and the Bible doesn't say
who cares is written by a bunch of the end of all lunatics who cares what the Bible says.
You have to be a crazy person to care what the freaking Bible says and which Bible are
we talking about.
George take your pick.
Pick this.
That.
I just I understand that's a Bible versus when you slap him and it had Chris he's just totally
out of control all of a sudden just out of nowhere.
I think after I read that hour from 11 a midnight where we got the point I think that just
flipped his lid.
That's what it was.
I understand it's a Bible versus partner Anthony Wickey said at the time there should
be no reason that Bible versus to begin with to be going over the PCA system of a public
entity like a scare port for crying out loud isn't it bad enough for at least thank God
it wasn't terminal four.
Wow.
Thank the Lord it wasn't in there because whoever built terminal four that person is a crazy
person.
Oh and you know that the picture of Jesus on the wall in Greensburg Kansas it was in
a church.
Ah well then.
And it's the only thing that was still in in place and he had a big smile on his
push like I'll show you back to the thing or two I'll show you Yehu's a thing or two.
And Jesus is still there on the wall in the church and everything else is just all littered
all over the place just in shambles 919 on our pool on our marginal pool in this business.
Well I got another one for the know you don't never ever.
If I ever do that again just cut me right off okay right in the middle of it like how
our deal would say right in the middle of the cent like that 5 6 7 0 5 not hearing anything
about spider man maybe you're the only one who's seen it all the way down it.
I'm sure that the lines were real long the other night what what I was it Thursday night.
Yeah I don't know I didn't go Thursday night.
Well you have to be crazy to go right.
What's the big rush what's the big.
Exactly I would Sunday morning.
I mean I liked I told you a million times I liked spider man one and two just fine they
were both very very good I enjoyed him a lot but would I stand in line to see any movie
in midnight I don't think so neither would I.
70 Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh great show Neil.
W.A.M. Hello.
Hi Neil.
Yes.
How you how you doing?
Good question.
Thank you for all these years of your funny.
I want to ask you there's one station between Key West and Jacksonville that you can hear
W.F.T.L. as a powerful station.
Does that even show anything anywhere?
What's the W.F.T.L.?
Yeah it's it's a 50 a.m.
They got squad squad squad nothing at all squad let me say again SKAUT squad.
Thanks a lot Q.K.
Yeah ZLX Q.B. squad they got nothing.
Why do these people do this?
I don't know but fun.
Fun for them.
Fun in the sun you son of a gun W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
What did the swan shop this weekend going to watch Spider Man smoke a couple of two pack
man that place is fucking loaded.
5 6 7 5 6 7 0 5 6 6 8 and 5 6 6 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11
11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 127 12 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11 11
What is it?
I didn't match it, one of two points, seven do.
Hey Mike, let me ask you to do me a favor.
Don't ever, ever call the show again, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
So you heard that mark down the time you got on tape.
Mm-hmm.
Mark it down.
I'm magic to radio groupie, man.
Just get lost.
Take a hike, Mike.
Get a compass in a road, man.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
We've done more for man.
Gitch or cow?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
What kind of beer is George, can I send his mother?
Okay, great.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Anconio?
Yes.
Yo, he's fighting, man.
Super-Wayna, Beliculamana, Meguskola, but thank you.
There you go.
Biction.
When he just say he's speaking your language, I can understand a thing he said.
He said it was great and he liked it a lot.
Spider-Man.
In Spanish, he said that?
What he said.
Well, what are we doing talking in Spanish for now?
I don't know, Alay.
Deport that bastard, okay?
You bastard, O.U.
Goose in the numbers up, I imagine.
Yeah, right.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure he's Goose in our number.
We need a good goose, all right.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that the bonus game reminded me of the blame game.
I used to play with Bubba Clinton and was still present and haven't played in dogs age.
The blame game?
Oh, God, there's something.
Oh, yeah.
The blame game.
I just want you to pass me to not a shame that you're playing.
Yes, we know.
We know we know, but we know.
But we know.
But we know.
We know.
Oh, yeah.
It's coming up.
Anyway, since George Tendon made me puke my breakfast watching him hack his book and meet the press,
I saw that.
I also saw John Edwards on the, with George Stepon, top of his.
Boy, you talk about a, on nothing.
Well, I can't remember everything I've ever had.
I can't keep in my brain.
Everything I've ever said.
Oh, my God.
Somebody actually is taking this person seriously.
And you got to vote for me because my wife's got breast cancer, you know, something like that.
Then, then, then, I guess that must be a bootcamping issue because I can't think of any other reason to vote for him.
So, you know, wow.
So, would you like better?
George Tendon or John Edwards?
I don't know.
Oh, you know in, E-A-Y, and you C-K-S-O.
The blind game.
Janna Reno.
Reno Reno, Bobino, Banana Phanopofeno.
B-5, Momeno.
Reno.
What's the Hubble?
Hubble, Hubble, Bobo, Banana Phanopofubble.
B-5, Momeno.
Hubble.
Come on, everybody.
I'll say no, let's place the blame.
I'll bet you I can make a rhyme.
Out of everybody's crime.
The first letter of the name.
I treated like it wasn't there.
But a B-O-N-F.
Our M-Will-A-Pair.
And then I say go out of the B-B-E-A-P-S-O-N-F-O.
And we serve them with us a peanut very plain.
And we feed five-head emote.
And then I say the name.
That's right, George.
The name this time, because each of you never names, commits a crime.
Oh, baby.
Goar.
Goar, goar, Bobo, Banana Phanopofore.
B-5, Momeno.
Goar.
Okay.
Now say all right.
All right.
Now come with the B-Boy.
Then come out of pineapple.
Banana Phanopofore.
And you place the blame in the deposition very plain.
Then I feed five-move.
Feed five-move.
Then you drag them to the mud cover them to resign.
And to strike everybody from your own crime.
Every bother do John Wong.
Wong, Wong, Goar, Bobo.
Banana Phanopofong.
Feed five-move.
Oh, baby.
Pretty good.
Let's do chocolate tray.
Trey, Trey.
Oh, baby.
Banana Phanopofoe.
Feed five-move.
Trey.
A little blame with Sandy Burger.
Burger, burger, burger.
Banana Phanopofo.
Burger.
Feed five-move.
Yeah.
Burger.
The blame game.
Oh, man.
I love this game.
Yeah, I don't know.
But now I know I never played it.
That sucks.
It's 11.33.
Do you ever play that?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
940 votes on the pool.
And we got a point from 11 of midnight.
All right.
We love the panthers.
Done.
And thank God no more hockey on the station.
Let's pass that right across the street.
There you go, Joel.
No extra charge.
We love your panthers.
They're all yours.
A judge who briefly heard arguments and cases involving the death of Anonacole Smith
was scheduled appearing court today this morning.
He's probably in there right now.
To face a Mr. Meater marijuana possession charge.
Broward Circuit Judge Lawrence, court of 49 was given a misdemeanor citation in March.
Actor police said they caught him smoking the wicked weed while sitting under a tree in a city park.
By the way, the next person I call sin here speaks to me in Spanish, but I'm being okay.
He followed a written plea of not guilty in April.
Court has been on temporary but indefinitely of absence.
The fight over here, well, we don't care about George Sidelin and this one.
And I don't know if anybody cares about that.
Court or later heard brief arguments and related case-seeking to determine the biological father of Smith's daughter.
He ruled out of a Haming Court had jurisdiction, thought it'd be but a open and we found out on Friday that Dave Johnson was the father.
Little did we know.
Well, he gave you the winner. He gave you street sense.
Wasn't that nice?
That was nice.
Yeah, that was very nice.
Bet any money on the Derby?
Yeah, we are.
Yeah.
941 on the poll.
We'll make 1,000 a day very quietly.
We're not making a big stimulus about that.
And of course, we're also not taking line 9 because you know what line 9 always is.
Yeah, it's always that.
Every time.
Every single time.
I would say 99 times out of 100.
It's that.
You're doing a help a job for us, Joe.
Let me tell you, Jolly, Joe, you are doing one heck of a job.
And don't call me ask me any more stupid questions, Jolly.
Joe, because I got no more stupid answers.
Yeah, I can't help you out.
I'm not on the payroll as a consultant.
Programming consultant.
Ask a George.
He'll tell you.
Sports!
Sports!
Josh Strap!
I have a specific member out of Philip Thurnt's this morning.
And you know, were you playing all that stuff in the back?
Yes, of course.
Good.
A recent Harris poll indicated that only 22% of Americans support George's war of terror,
where it's Cindy Sheen.
I'm the Smirking Chimp.
Cindy Sheen wrote this.
I suspect that less than one fourth of our country were still in favor of the hopeless
mess Bush Co. is tragically involved in the USA and get all their news from Fox News.
She says I've mostly kept silent about Fox and their role as co-conspirators with the Bush
Rageee because I believe their organization is too ridiculous to even waste ink or
breath on.
MSNBC, CNN and the other networks are not much better, but they're not as openly pro-war
or pro-Bush Co. as Fox.
They're also fabulous internet sites that do a great job of putting out errors in our
right lives of Fox News.
One of them is Sweet Jesus, I hate Bill O'Reilly.
Another one is Media Matters.
Robert Greenwald's out Fox and Al Franken's lies and lying liars who tell them are great
commentaries on the so-called fair and balanced network.
O'Reilly is regularly Keith Olberman's worst person in the world for his hateful
and idiotic rhetoric.
I don't get a chance to watch TV very often and when I do get a chance I can give an
almost 100% guarantee that I'm not watching Fox News.
When I broke my vow to never watch do Fox and when I'm trying to hand it to the show,
he was amazed to find out that I never watched his program and was nearly as preoccupied
with him as he seems to be with me.
I hear things through the grapevine, but as my mom always said, consider the source.
However, saying all that, I've had enough of Bill O'Reilly's obsession with me in his
unfair and unbalanced program.
I almost wrote a piece called O'Reilly when the Bush mob mouthpiece was on David Letterman
and when Letterman stuck up for me, Bill said, no one goes on my show and calls terrorist
freedom fighters.
He is one slimy operator because I'm sure what he said was true.
No one goes on his show and calls terrorist freedom fighters, but the statement is so misleading
because it leads one to believe that I've ever been on his show and I've called terrorist
freedom fighters.
The one time I've watched O'Reilly show was recently when my dear friend Colonel Anne
Wright, US Army Retired, was on a program.
She was up stensibly on the comment about the Geneva Convention regarding prisoners
award during the time when Iran was holding some British Marines as prisoners.
O'Reilly turned into a bruhaha about Anne being an America hater.
When Anne saliently pointed out the fact that she had served her country in the US Army
for 29 years and asked O'Reilly how many years he served, he had her mic cut.
After that episode I went back to working on my computer and a few minutes later O'Reilly
was talking about me and how I had the big money of George Soros behind me and that's
why he had to do his best to expose me every chance he gets.
At that point I looked up at my assistant with Sydney F. Stemaine told her to get George
Soros on the phone and tell him that his big money was about three years late and we really
could use the funds.
First of all I don't even know George Soros and secondly what business is in O'Reilly's
what Soros does with his money.
According to O'Reilly George Soros funds every politician, political cause and builds
huge influence over us and my experience in travels I've never met.
One person was reaping the fabled rewards of a Soros Association.
So far I've ignored this instead of the Fox News defamation of my character.
It wouldn't take a moral giant equivalent of mother Theresa the state above Fox News.
They have no conscience, no credibility.
I can't think of many people lower than Fox News.
Their employees and frequent the O'Conn contributors is Michelle Malcolm and Claude Erwin and Crystal
etc.
However when I recently received an email from a person with an email address of GI Joe
who claimed to be an Iraq War veteran accusing me of calling terrorist freedom fighters because
he had just heard it on the news was when I decided the O'Reilly factor had to go.
I know for a fact that evening GI Joe wrote me O'Reilly brought that old line back up.
He can't think of anything new and he can't defend an indefensible criminal regime so
we have to rehash old lies and character assassinations of me and other liberals to keep
his program afloat.
I answered the soldier and explained carefully to him the distinction between a terrorist
and an occupied person in the sovereign country who's fighting for his or her freedom from
an oppressive foreign country.
I tried to get GI Joe to recall his lessons about the American Revolution when our founding
fathers and mothers did the same thing.
I mourn that GI Joe watched in Fox News and is so abysmely misinformed and more immorally
manipulated.
The person who isn't misinformed though is Bill O'Reilly.
If he had a conscience he should be ashamed of leading 22% of this country astray.
The Jesus of Fox News thinks it's okay to kill innocent people for profit but my Jesus
said, will he that causes one of the little ones to stumble?
Jesus Christ!
It would be better for that person to tie a millstone around his neck and be sunk in the
depth of the sea.
O'Reilly and the rest of the bad shepherds at Fox News are thankfully seeing their flock
decline but they're abrogating their responsibility when forming their viewers properly and making
a mockery out of objective reporting.
There was a successful campaign led against Bushco and War critic Don I'm as waged through
his advertisers.
He was taken off the ear and so I say it's about time the grassroots progresses, pull
the plug on Fox News beginning with a hateful rhetoric of Bill O'Reilly.
It's not because of his public libel of me I've often found his weird attraction to
me a little humerus and very sad because of GI Joe I'm calling for a boycott of every
sponsor of Bill O'Reilly show.
When his empty spin zone is shut down hopefully the rest of the purveyors of Bushpropping
and will get the message.
We voters activists and grassroots peace and justice workers are in the considerable
majority and we're also consumers.
It's about time we use the power of our purse strings to hold the vast wasteland of Fox
News accountable.
Then maybe just maybe we can get information from mainstream news sources and not just
right wing infotainment.
This is something fairly easy to do and besides letting the Fox News tell them while you're
not supporting O'Reilly as Fox News we can focus on what's important and in the occupation
of Iraq and holding Fox's best friends the Bush administration accountable.
Bill O'Reilly get off your high horse and get off our TV screens since Cindy Sheen.
She's pissed off and fired up again.
A lot of surprise.
956 votes on a poll.
Yeah.
Will you just relax?
I'm just amazed that we have not a thousand calls of in English about Spider-Man.
Maybe they're only showing the Spanish language version in some way.
But they have to be a piece of old.
Sports radio 560 Q AM.
I can't, baby.
You'll be in weed.
The makers of many fine hair straight new products presents the IMSF AirD Show.
What's with another dude?
Job show was a fine idea, honest.
Oh well, I oughta do something on the good light.
I only had $10 million left.
You show make a fan donut.
I don't know what it's like.
Friend open a beach to my mom.
Oh God, I did real.
How's that?
I'm having my makin' up the dough.
I dropped a nail in the batter.
That don't matter.
How helpful the specter's come tomorrow.
You're not gonna eat all these doughnuts until I find a nail.
You want to help?
Show!
Let's start eating.
We're gonna eat too much.
Oh no, no.
Oh no, then we may eat long and long.
I don't know.
I only got one left. Still no nail.
Oh no, people start coming in here.
They're getting an open.
Oh crap.
They're helping the specters here.
Morgan, I'm from the Hill Department.
Hold that tram with your famous doughnuts.
Yeah, yeah.
About to use that one.
No, no, why not?
I don't know.
Oh no, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Oh no, no.
Andy, Andy.
Let's roll.
Oh, I think you're about to get a cowloon in the lower.
Okay, level 45 and 55, 60 WQM.
Look at the phones just light up and I mentioned Spiderman, huh?
Look at that.
Nothing.
Zero.
What would you expect and start falling in and we get one call and he's speaking esponial.
Isn't that exactly a picket of Bonnie, man?
Picket of Bonnie. That's exactly what you expect.
See, see this?
That?
560 out of this.
560, 560, 05, 60, and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Those are our two on the air pool questions.
What do you think the Spiderman 3, which I know most of you have seen it already, who are going to see it?
And the rest of you have lots of dead heads.
And what's wrong with that morning show?
Hey, we've only got two and a quarter hours left.
We got a lot of ground to cover.
And what's wrong with that 11 to midnight hour, huh?
Oh!
And the thing that really gets me is these people are like, like,
like, parents coming in this morning.
Well, what do you think, Neil?
What do you, what do I think about what?
What do I think about what?
The fact that they've turned the keys to the kingdom of the hands of an overgrown child,
who spends most of his daytime hour sniffing a drop strap behind his desk?
Oh, but Danny Boy, once more, this whole man can't just smell that?
Yeah, I'm afraid I can.
On WDQYM, hello.
Hey, I'm sorry, Neil.
Yeah?
I just have my wisdom to the strap.
WDQYM, hello.
Being nobody is not meant for counting.
Yeah, good.
WDQYM, hello.
I want to...
WDQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I love your show, man.
Yeah.
You know, some of the people that I work with, the guys that are born again Christians,
are the ones that are for this war and behind the Bible.
Well, screw them.
Hey, um, Mira Humber.
That's Spanish.
What?
I have no idea.
WDQYM, hello.
Oh, okay.
I want the movie.
Yeah.
It wasn't that good.
What was wrong with it?
I...
It's like a day.
Okay.
The first is a continuation of the second.
Right.
And then they leave you hanging to see the number three movie, right?
Yeah.
But then on the third one, it's kind of like a...
I don't know, they lost.
In the middle of the film, supposedly the...
The other guy becomes the ally of the Spider-Man.
The...
Um...
Oh, shoot.
Shoot.
Yeah, I didn't say it.
It's not...
I shot.
It's got cut in the middle.
Hey, got what?
Cut.
It doesn't fall on a sickle.
Oh, fuck.
Well, yeah.
I got to get...
In other words, it sucks.
I would say between one and ten, I would give you the sickle.
One and ten?
Well, that wasn't me.
That was joy.
I made a call.
Okay.
I come down and I bust them in the head.
It was him.
It's okay.
Yeah.
Kick his ass, man.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
How do you...
Hey, listen, at least I was trying to speak English.
I mean, he wasn't doing real well.
You were the fine job.
You stopped.
He was a good guy.
You're just upset because he didn't like it.
That's all.
I'm not a good guy.
I'm just going to see it again.
Oh, I see the cameo Venus cleavus.
Or something like that.
Yeah.
Josephus.
What was that name?
Jeff-Row.
Jeff-Row.
Oh.
Oh.
WDQ-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, uh, what did you think about Bob and Tim?
What do I think of what?
Bob and Tim, you know, Bob.
I couldn't care less about Alcabalwin.
His daughter, any of that crap.
Why, why didn't you care about it?
No, no, but there was a good, funny one on the face.
27,000.
You know what I'm doing?
Nope.
Yeah, keep tapping on the phone and it sounds like he had a woodpecker inside of his phone.
Or maybe a woodpecker in his...
What word did you say?
WDQ-A-M.
Hello.
Neil.
Pants.
Yes, sir.
That movie was bad.
Really?
Yeah.
I'd say maybe a five or six, but if you're a fan of the old cartoon television show when
you're a kid or the comic books, they just...
They put you to it.
And what was wrong with it?
Well, there's too many boring parts and like the guy before was trying to say, the green
goblin is Spider-Man's, you know, ally in part of the movie and the sandman and venom
were peeping up.
It's a crap.
Yeah.
So, you know, the special effects are good.
The flight teams were okay, but it wasn't anything special.
Okay, thanks.
No problem.
I'll wait.
I'll wait for you to send me a bootleg copy or something.
I mean, and I will.
I got to look, it wasn't long on profit.
There wasn't anything boring about it.
I mean, I'm sure I could have gone running out and standing in the movie theater at midnight
or two o'clock in the morning so I can see Spider-Man on three as two o'clock in the afternoon.
Not even a two o'clock in the afternoon.
I could have gone out and heard two o'clock and go see it if I wanted to.
And I'm not going to do it.
How do you like that?
What do I care?
WDQ-YM, hello.
I knew.
Yes, sir.
That movie was so bad it made me poop in the radar range.
Really?
Now, cook it up.
Cook it up a little bit, man.
It sounds like it's right up your alley.
Or was WDQ-YM, hello.
Q-I-M.
Hey, how you doing, Il?
Okay, sir.
It might take on the movie.
What does your take?
It was too much of a love story between Peter Parker and his girlfriend.
I mean, you could have threw in a couple of eupharies in there because you started crying on a couple of...
Oh, yeah.
...fairy.
Yeah, exactly.
He was crying because his girlfriend heard him and he or not.
But other than that, once they got into the action, it was okay.
I give it a seven.
It was a little slow.
That was all right.
Okay, well nothing out of sighting, man, huh?
Yeah, well, not not really.
You know, it was more like a girly film to me if we were to...
A girly film for girly boys.
Okay, girly film, that's because James Franco was in his underwear.
So, did you told me?
Well, if it's a girly film, I better go see it.
975 votes on a poll.
Now, let me ask you a question because it's coming up with the next break.
Is there a new tag?
I mean, I just asked these things because you're a good buddy.
They're Brian Schmutz.
Oh, yeah.
Just, he just ain't cutting it.
He may be cutting the cheese.
I don't want to be downwind of that.
I guarantee you.
But he just ain't cutting it since he's come back.
He either had a lobotomy or maybe he's an imposter.
Maybe he's the fake Brian Schmutz.
You ever think of that?
I know.
I had nobody else looks quite like him.
Yeah, thank God.
I'm serious.
Maybe he's not the real guy.
Maybe he's in a clone.
Because every time a spot comes up that he's got anything to do with
which isn't very often by the way.
And of course, he inherited that.
But you just longer you scratch your head and wonder, is this so over?
Are we doing what we're supposed to be doing?
Brian, you idiot.
WQA and hello.
Yes, fighting sucks.
Okay, well, like I was right to the point, he said it sucks.
There's nobody so far.
Well, what are the guys in the Spanish say?
You were the interpreter.
What do you say?
He said he liked it.
It was a good movie.
Oh, well, that's because he can't speak English.
WQA and hello.
Mine is Joe.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
Pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
980 votes.
Oh, boy, before the hour is over, we're going to be right on the verge of a thousand.
And won't we be proud of that?
If we had as many listeners as we got votes, we'd be okay.
Especially from 11 to midnight.
Oh.
Oh.
Well, what did I say when they put ESPN radio on at 10 o'clock at night and they took
any case?
What did I say?
Read my lips.
Didn't I scream?
Did I hit blue lips and scream and yell and holler and carry on like an overgrown
child?
Like a lunatic in a heat?
Didn't I say?
Like a Mexican jumping bean on acid?
That's what I said.
What do you know?
Nothing, obviously.
Nothing.
Now that we got O.J. McDuffion once a week on the morning show and we got Alex Marvez and
I were a windbag and Eddie, well, what's the other guy's name?
Eric Reed?
Oh, read my lips.
A recipe for disaster.
980.
All we need now is Denise Pothan back.
Now that hockey season's over, let's give him, since we had such big numbers for hockey.
Can you believe that after seven o'clock, every number started with a, oh, with a zero?
Oh, I got to believe it, I saw it.
That's not even worth keeping the transmitter on.
I mean, maybe I'm wrong.
Call me crazy.
I know they sure do.
Okay, let's see.
What's the best thing it leaves given the world?
That's our poll question.
Great food wins, of course, hands down your pantaloonies.
352.
So, feel a rent.
128.
Feeding the early Christians of the Lions.
And the Christians of the Lions.
115.
The Renaissance 90.
The mafia 67 should be doing a lot better than that.
Because without the mafia, there'd be no Godfather, no good fellows, all of these things.
And what would life be without the Godfather?
The Roman Empire 38.
Awesome ancient ruins 35.
Sergio Leone spaghetti westerns 32.
That's what Clint Eastwood said.
Was he in a bunch of those?
How sad.
And he still couldn't talk.
Michael Angelo and his art 31.
Galileo 31.
What did he know?
Christopher Columbus 12.
Jesus Christ 11.
I just, you know, it's one thing to say that.
And I will admit I say that every now and then.
But it's like soup and soups.
Like what's the place that you go now that's one of our good friends that brought you food to come to?
You're a regular soup man in the every single day.
And they get all different great kinds of soups.
Or would you say they have dozens of great kinds of soup soups.
Sups on?
What?
Jesus 11.
Beautiful language with words like Arimad Archie 11.
Roman numerals 8, fine opera 8, Pavarotti 5.
Right winged back there like Mussolini and Berlusconi 5.
And Julia Cises only got three.
Man no respect for that old bastardo.
94.
Very shortly we'll be over a thousand and then Chris can like pop up like a peacock.
Okay. And then he.
And then he.
And then he.
And then he.
And then.
What does she know she's getting that from Brian Schmutz.
I'm not that I'm not in Jen I mean she's a nice person.
We don't have too many more on but she's nice.
But then again she gets her she gets her information from Brian Schmutz.
And there's one thing that you may be forgetting as you're passing it along.
Sales people are ice all right.
This is Granny Quinn.
Whenever I shape my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Two thousand fours your sucks next year we'll have more luck.
I can see it now.
I bet they'll cure Matt Cal.
Might even fight a cure for that guy might go more.
When you feel your SUV that gas will all be free.
Even when push cuts are taxes.
Demisics will still go down.
Dan Rader will not use taxes.
Osama will be bound.
I know there will be fees throughout the Middle East.
All kids will graduate and clear eyes will be.
So straight please let it be great here.
I sure hated this year.
Don't need wars or elections.
And no more blue infections.
TV will be cleaner and star jumps will be leaner.
Let's all look down.
The bright side is two thousand two thousand in two thousand five.
Oh yeah, it's true in a clock back to two thousand five.
That was a pretty good year huh.
We sure had some numbers back in two thousand five.
That's before Johnny Joe came on a scene and said the clearance.
Go get a baby.
Is nobody said something like that?
Something like that. Go get him.
Schmuck. Sportsman.
Turbo two of five sixty-one.
We got mad dog at two power hour man.
Mad dog and hang four to five.
The Humper Solo five to six thirty.
He'll tell you about how he gave you the winner of the Derby
and bought a beat by the boot but a bomb.
And that was going to tell you? Sure.
And then you got that Marlon stuff.
And after the Marlon game you got any cake back
which you know see they made a bad mistake
and now we're going to pay the price for it.
What was the point of that anyway?
How much could they pay for it?
About thirty bucks a week or something like that.
Oh well we have to have a big cross cutting thing here now.
Did you ever get the drum for that thing by the way?
No.
But I did talk to somebody about it.
And that's as far as I've got.
Has it been ordered? No.
What do you mean no?
When the drum is finished you're a fast machine.
You might as well touch it down the turlid.
Okay.
Do you hear what I just say?
I heard the drum. I'm aware.
Well we marched to the beat but we did drum right at QAM.
Cheap. Cheap.
We can't afford the drum.
Just like we couldn't afford any cake until we wound up with a point.
Oh.
At 11 o'clock at night.
Oh god.
If you... I don't want to get the sheep back out with those numbers.
I don't want to look at it again. I'll get physically ill.
Mary Shaw writes, what is this on?
It's a working chip.
I received an interesting report this week from citizens for responsible ethics in Washington.
She says, crew.
Apparently that organization has obtained some documents indicating that the federal government had turned down millions of dollars in aid from foreign countries
and the aftermath of Katrina.
See they don't care about those folks down there because they're all dark.
So according to crew incredibly 854 million dollars in aid was offered from countries across the world.
Yet only 40 million is being used so far for victims of reconstruction.
In fact, offering to provide rescue equipment, cruise ships, medical teams and water were rejected as victims went without basic necessities.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
That is correct. Even assistance that was accepted such as medical supplies in Italy were unused, exposed to the elements and eventually tossed out, discarded.
Of course, this is the same country who's present fiddle while New Orleans drowned and her secretary of state thought that the best use of her time was to go shopping and catch a Broadway comedy in New York.
Can't let the tragic destruction of a major American city and the poor people in an interfere with their fun, I guess.
And they apparently also had better things to do than accept the financial contributions of the world and put them to good use to assist those whose lives had just been devastated.
I miss the days when I was proud to be an American, says Mary Shaw.
You go, Mary. I remember those days.
I was just, BB before Bush. Oh, it's big in a bush and more ways than one.
If you go on our MySpace page, you're going to find this well worth your effort.
Okay. I'm sure it's on there, but now thanks to your good friend, Ricky.
Now let's see. Go on there now.
What are you on there now?
No, I'm going there now. I'll be there now.
Okay, and go to the profile page, which I'm trying to do, but for some reason it won't go there.
Oh, and is it the first comment on there? Is it the first couple?
Laura, as you've never seen her before.
Why didn't it slow it in?
Slowed.
Yeah, okay. It's loading. It's loading. It's loading. All right.
You see that? Yeah.
Woo!
Got the clippers. Yeah.
You talk about the Bush family.
Yikes.
Woo!
That is really...
That was...
There it is. It's right on the top comment right next to Marlon Brando by the way.
He don't look too happy about it.
He looks like he has really just seen the face of the devil.
Oh, so anyway, that was well. Thanks, Ricky.
I was going to say a beautiful thing. That would be an exaggeration.
So the general consensus so far is that the Spider-Man 3 was a chick flick.
Everybody said so many things about it. It was not boring. How's that?
Not long on plot, but it was not boring at any point.
You liked it.
I liked it fine. Well, what do you give it on a one to seven? I won a ten?
A seven. Well, seven's not great. No, it was just fine. That's fine.
Seven's not worth spending in line at two o'clock in the morning. I would not.
I would walk in there on a Sunday morning without staring in line.
The face and having bad breath and get a seat in the theater that's practically empty and watching them for Matt and A.
Price is that's what I would do when that's happening.
Living room would be good. Yeah. 5.670560.560 in the Verizon singular wireless live.
I think there's somebody out there who liked it. Well, we'll find out. WDQYM. Hello.
How are you doing? How's everything?
Okay. Hey, listen, I've seen I just got back from New York. I've seen I'm a son, so it happened.
You know what, a homeless car. Yeah.
Bye.
What a shame. The tech guy just got back from the New York. Okay, go back to New York.
Stay there and don't ever leave. Okay. Don't inflict your New York ease on the rest of the world.
Please, your New York ease. It's like a disease. WDQYM. Hello.
Hello. Yes.
Hey. Hey. Can I talk to Neil? You're speaking to him.
Oh, yeah. Hey, can I hear a good by King Fodd?
How about your friend? Good by King Fodd.
What about him? What language would you speak in a suit? You have a great, crazy, ha ha.
It's the NIRD neckline, baby. Frank Rich writes in the New York Times is condi-hyde in the smoking gun.
And by the way, WDQYM was next in my pile. He must be psychic. The fact that you just sent me.
Do I have time to read this whole thing now before I do a show? I do the break early.
This is long. This is very, very long. I'm going to do the break early. Okay.
And I'm going to go into a reading random.
Hey, Mom. Did you crave a delicious pizza and the back child support that low-life loser still owes you?
Then called Domino's for our new deadbeat dead pizza.
Domino's deadbeat dead pizza. Speak of the devil. It's you.
Oh, hey, here's your pizza. How much do I owe you? $7500.
Oh, well, here's a 20. 20. Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York had covered the spread.
Oh, hey, I was a little sorry to do it anyway. Her name is Susie and you used that excuse last time.
Well, tell her daddy's asking about her and give her these fudgements, okay?
She needs new shoes and you give her fudgements. Yeah, there it's $3.99.
I'll just take it off what I owe you.
Oh, okay. Domino's deadbeat dead pizza. Open the door. It's that S-O-B.
10.11 on the pool over 1,000 votes. Okay, Chris, you can slump back in your cheer all along. I guess you're probably already worth.
No. 12.13 at 5.6.9. Okay. I'm so frank rich right from New York Times is condy hiding the smoking gun question mark.
If his JFK had it, a victory has 100 fathers and defeat as an orphan that a feed in Iraq is the most pitiful orphan imaginable.
Its parents have not only tossed it to the wolves, but also are trying to pin its mutant DNA on any passie they can find.
George Tennett is just the latest to join this blame game, which began more than three years ago when his fellow presidential medallor freedom recipient Tommy Franks told Vomboode where the Douglas Fife, the Pentagon's intelligence bozo, was the stupidest guy in the face of the earth.
Last fall Kenneth Adelman, the neocontur leader who forced all cakewalk in Iraq, to a vanity fair that Mr. Tennett, General Franks and Paul Bremmer were three of the most incompetent people who ever served in such key positions.
Richard Prochund in that huge mistakes were made not by neoconservatives and instead to the shot at President Bush, off my chalibate the neocons former darling, told Dexter Filkins of the Times the real culprit in all this is wolfowitz, and of course nearly everybody blames Rumsfield.
This would be a three stuages routine, or there are only three stuages. The good news is that Mr. Tennett's book rule out may be the last gasp of this far circle round robin of recrimination.
Republicans in Democrats have advised on some common ground by condemning his effort to reposition himself as the war is innocent scapegoat.
Some former CIA colleagues are rougher still, Michael Shroyer, who ran the agency's bin Laden unit, has accused Tennett of lacking the moral courage to resign and speak out publicly to try to stop our country from striding into what he knew would be in a bis.
Even after Mr. Tennett did leave office he maintained a Robert McNamara silence until he cashed in.
Satisfying the what is to watch a circular firing squad of the wars in avers unfinished business awaits unlike Vietnam, Iraq is not in the past.
The war escalates even as all this finger pointing continues. Very little has changed between the Fourth anniversary of Michigan accomplished this year and last.
Back then President Bush cheered an Iraqi turning point precipitated by the emergence of a unity government.
Since then, what's emerged is more Iraqi disunity and a major leap in the death toll. That's why Americans voted in November to get the hell out.
The only White House figure to take any responsibility for the fiasco is former Bush-Chainy Pulster Matthew Dowd, who in March expressed remorse for furthering the war he now deems a mistake.
For his belated act of conscience he was promptly patronized as an insipient basket case by an administration flak who attributed Mr. Dowd's defection to personal turmoil.
If this is what this vicious gang would do to a Pulster Magimo would be fall cold and panel of East Folk Out, nonetheless Mr. Paul Schritt some of the guts to do so.
Until his accountability for the major architects and perpetrators of the Iraq war, the Quagmire will deepen a tragedy of this scale demands a full of counting not to mention a catharsis.
That accounting might well begin with Mr. Paul's successor, Condoleezza Rice. Of all the top tier policy players who were beside the President and vice president of the worst creation, she is the highest still in power and still in the taxpayers payroll.
She is also the only one who can still get a free pass from the press. The current groupthink beltway narrative has it that the Secretary of State's recited its foreign policy realism and latent shuttle diplomacy have happily banished the Chandy Rumsfeld-Covoy arrogance that wrote American to a ditch.
Thus Ms. Rice was dispatched to three Sunday shows last weekend to bat away Mr. Tenant's book before 60 minutes broadcast the interview with him that night.
But in each appearance her statements raised more questions than they answered. She was persistently at odds with the record, not just the record is spun by Mr. Tenant but also the public record. She must be held a higher standard, aka the truth, before she too jumps ship.
It's now been nearly five years since Ms. Rice did her part to sell the Iraq war on the September 8th, 2002 Sunday show with her rendition of, we don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud.
If there she was last Sunday in ABC claiming that she never meant to imply that that Sodom was an imminent threat. The question of immanence isn't whether or not somebody is going to strike tomorrow as she put it, in other words she is still covering up the war's origins.
On CBS's Space Dignity she claimed that intelligence areas before the war were worldwide, even though the International Atomic Energy Agency's Mohamed Al-Beradai publicly stated that there was no evidence of an Iraqi nuclear program, and even though Germany's intelligence service since strenuous P-war warnings that the CIA's principal informant on Sodom's supposed biological weapons
was a fraud. Of the Sunday interview as it was George Step on Top of Us who went for the jugular by returning to that non-existent uranium from Africa, he forced Ms. Rice to watch a clip of her appearance on a show in June 2003 when she claimed she didn't know of any serious questions about the uranium evidence before the war.
Then he came as close as any Sunday host ever has to call in guest a liar, but that statement wasn't true Mr. Step on Top of Us said. Ms. Rice pleaded memory loss but the facts remain. She received a memo raising serious questions about the uranium in October 2002, three months before the president included the infamous 16 words on the subject, and instead the union addressed.
Her deputies, Stephen Hadley, received two memos as well as a phone call of warning from Mr. Tenet.
Apologists from Ms. Rice, especially those in the press were embarrassed by their own early cheerleading for the war, like to say that this is ancient history, just as they said of the CIA leak case.
We're all supposed to move on and just worry about what happens next. Try telling that to families whose children went to Iraq to stop Sodom's nukes. Besides, there's a continuum between past exceptions and present ones as the Secretary of State seamlessly demonstrated last Sunday.
On ABC, she pushed the administration's line portraying Iraq's current violence as an al-Qaeda plot, hacked by the Somar al-Bamian February 2006.
But that Qaeda isn't the Qaeda of 9-11, it's a largely a wrank group fighting on one side of the Civil War, and by February 2006, sectarian violence had already been gathering steam for 15 months in part because Ms. Rice and company ignored the genuine imons of that Civil War.
This is the ignore the alarms about the Lodenscott in August 2001.
Ms. Rice's latest canard wasn't in improvisation, it was scripted set up for the President's outrageous statement three days later, the decision we face in Iraq, Mr. Bush said Wednesday, is not whether we ought to take sides in a Civil War, it's whether we stay in the fight against the same international terrorist network that attacked us in 9-11.
Such statements about the present in Iraq are no less deceptive and no less damaging to our national interest than lies about uranium and the Qaeda 9-11 connections sold in 2002 and 3.
This country needs facts, not fiction to make its decision about the end game of the war, this is it needed but didn't get facts when we went to war in the first place.
The settle for less is to make the same tragic error twice.
That Ms. Rice feels scant responsibility for any of this was evident in her repeated assertions on Sunday that all the questions about pre-war intelligence had been answered by the Rob Silverman and Senate Committee inquiries, neither of which even addressed how the administration used the intelligence it received.
Now she risks being held in contempt of Congress by ducking a subpoena authorized by the House's oversight committee whose chairman Henry Waxman has been trying to get direct answers from her about the uranium hoax since 2003.
Ms. Rice's stone walling is investigation by rambling on about separation of powers and claiming she answered all relevant questions and writing to Senator Carl Levin during her confirmation of the Cabinet in January 2005.
If former or in Covenantional Security Advisors like Henry Kissinger, Brent Skokroff and Bigna Verzinski could testify before Congress without defining the Constitution, so can she.
As for her answers to Senator Levin's questions, five of eight were pure Albert Oganzalas, she either didn't recall or didn't know.
No wonder the most galling part of Ms. Rice's Sunday spin was her aside to Wolf Blitzer that she'd get around to reflecting on these issues when I have a chance to write my book.
Another book, as long as American troops are dying in Iraq, the Secretary of State has an obligation to answer questions about how they got there and why they stay.
If accountability is ever to begin, it would be the best if those questions are answered not on 60 minutes, but under oath, says Frank Rich.
You go Frank, kick her ass.
Condi Mayas, this is another, you know, it's one of these myths, Colin Powell, Condi Rice, sellouts, total sellouts, George Tennant, total phony, total BS artist.
1027 votes on that poll, it's Italian, baby. You like it? It must be Italian. 56670560, pound five. I guess Spider-Man's substance, but what you said because if it was horrible, I don't even know what we are.
What you say, if we were to send station lived up to the hype with that $15 million, $59 million the first weekend.
Weekend was it the first night, but if James Frank was in it, make it, I'll watch it. 56670560, pound five 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. WQAM, hello.
You're good. Yeah, no, it's a bulletin. You're gay. There's the South Florida call, baby. Why may have been wasting my time asking about Spider-Man?
We're like, we're like, we're in the real place. Do you want to say what do you say? Which we're not.
Okay, here's the result of that poll so far. I'm going to do it. You do. I'm going to play music. All right.
What's the best term Italy's given to the world? Great food, 372. Can there be any doubt? No. Watch. WQAM, hello.
So feel around 133 feeding the early Christians of the Lions 123 the Renaissance 91 the mafia 70 Roman Empire 39 awesome ancient ruins 38 Michael Angel of the Zart 34 Sergio Lone,
Alione spaghetti westerns 32 get Leo 32 Christopher Columbus 12 Jesus as in Jesus Christ 12 a beautiful language with words like a ribadurch 11 is not how you say it.
A ribadurch. Sure. If you're from Brooklyn Roman numerals eight fine operate. Pavarotti 6 right wing bastards like whistle in the umbrella.
And Julia Caesar another one who got four votes out of 10 30 WQAM, hello. What a new how you doing? Okay. I just turned on what's the topic of discussion today? Whatever you want to talk about sir.
Okay, I heard you mentioned Spider-Man. Right. Did you see the interview this morning with the president of Syria? No. Oh, wasn't too bad. The guy didn't sound like a real fanatic or I don't know.
Like you like to say I was surprised is very calm and I saw Spider-Man and well, wait a minute. What is the president of Syria s after with being a lunatic and be happy with Spider-Man? I have no concept of where you're going.
Oh, I don't fit. I was trying to get on my point then before you said you got to go. Those were two topics that you're there. I'm here. Oh, no. Why do we think the president of Syria? You're talking about Mel Carmesen. Is that who you're talking? He's the president of Syria.
I don't know what he is. He's something. Who? Go ahead. Yeah. Anyway, he seemed to be a rational guy. I know he said that he was his country was being blamed as a scapegoat for the problems we made in Iraq. The president of Syria. Well, maybe I don't tell me I got to come on. You said serious. What?
Oh, if we can get him or her wrong. He said the president of Syria s. Yes, yes, he did. That's what I thought he was talking about the whole time.
Well, I think the president of Syria s was in the Spider-Man. He was the one that's helping James Franco take a shower. Oh, that's exactly a shame. My God.
Hey, buddy, have a heart or a liver? And now the League of Rehardsic citizens will perform their rendition of green onions. Don't make fun. They were very hard for this.
I don't know. So let me ask you what I think of that president of Syria s. Oh, I think he's a seriously in the history of my life.
I think he was probably in Spider-Man. Maybe that's why so many people are pissed off about it.
5 6 7 0 5 60. We're on a rule now. Let's not stop with that one.
5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
5 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6 6
Driving down I-95 yesterday on the, you know those little messages that they put up there for traffic or whatever. Right. Right.
They did another places for 25 years right. Right. But I mean, take this out of set. Move it. Yes, you can.
You're on the freeway with your 18 year old. You're going to step on the accelerator. Move it. Yes.
Yeah. So, the advertising. Well, what does that supposed to mean?
I mean, that's the only other part. I mean, like 30 in the end of passing lane.
That's why you call it slower. Yes. So, you're going to go. Okay. Thanks for the bad news.
Uh, WDQ AM. Hello.
Got him. You. That's me. Mama. WQ AM. Hello.
I'm going to give up.
Yeah.
WDQ AM. Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yes. I wanted to talk about Spider-Man also.
Mm-hmm. I thought it. Yes.
I got a lot of cars. Yeah. How much cotton have you gotten your mouth?
I got about how much kind of you have your partners foot in your mouth?
Is that what it is? I'll be generous and safe foot.
Mighty. Why do you? Yeah. 5, 6, 7. I was going to say. Yeah. No. No, you don't.
Feet. I see 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound of 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
And these people are coming like Joe Bell and Clarence. And what do you think?
Near what? What I think is that what you've done to the show and to this radio station.
People are on death row for lesser offenses than what you've done.
But you know what? Like I said moments ago,
May 10th Thursday's payday and I'll take the money.
WDQ AM. Hello. Joe Bell, you are the Mike Brown.
He's called separately make the show.
WDQ AM. Hello.
I'm Daniel. Yes, sir.
It was going to happen to Purush Hills and locked up in the county Clint there.
Who cares? Hey, hey, not I care about her as much as I do about Alex Baldwin his daughter.
Oh, that was I don't really think he was out of line by trying to straighten her out.
Let me ask you this. Who cares?
Nobody. Not even me. Just past the time.
Yeah, well, I understand where you are.
WDQ AM. Hello.
I dropped a soap.
Not the first time Q.A.M. Hello.
I know, y'all did Rosenberg is ripping you on the other station said that you're ratings are.
Yeah, yeah, you know something we don't care.
Hey, I tell said Rosenberg to go back to New York.
I'm not interested in no radio war.
He's trying to use this show as you know to try to it's not going to happen.
It's not going to work. Okay.
You're stuck over the two share and by the way, you'll be lucky to crack a two once January drops off.
But good luck to you. You'll need it. WDQ AM. Hello.
Hello, Nelson.
What can we do for you, sir?
Hey, I just want to know if you happen to see 60 minutes last night.
No, I did not.
No, you really would have enjoyed it.
This 70 year old female truck driver found a Jackson Pollock painting in some guy's garage.
And she's trying to sell it.
And the art in her house is of dogs playing poker.
So it's a bit of a step up or down depending upon I you see it.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, was this before acting the president serious was on?
Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60.
What's your that guy again?
Yeah, let's see.
We repeat that story again.
So sorry I missed 60 minutes last night and pound 5 60 in a rising singular wireless line.
WDQ way and hello.
It's amazing. You're paid to do this.
Yeah, it is. I'll take it though.
WDQ way and hello.
Deep deep breath.
Always for always the deep breath like you're sucking air out of a balloon.
OK, whatever you're sucking.
OK, always the same sucking helium like the jockeys by the way.
You see the interviews with them.
Jockeys on the Derby know you don't want it.
They all sound like they're a monthkins like with helium.
They are monthkins, aren't they?
Yes, they are.
It's a loop.
I want to thank the trader.
I want to thank the Lord and like that.
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 in the horizon singular wireless line.
As we continue analyzing the movie Spider-Man and the phenomenal box or a fist effect, I think
everybody's probably lined up to see it now.
That's why they are calling us.
All the scenes.
Yeah, I don't think so.
Yeah, they don't have time to be munking with us.
WDQ way and hello.
I stuck in your video.
WDQ way and crank line.
Hello.
The world's the world's color.
WDQ way and hello.
At least that was a different one.
I once met a man named Donald Obama.
And suddenly the name will never be the same.
Oh, for me.
Pavarote sings Terry Jones writes in the Guardian, saved by the bomb.
Senator McCain has hit upon a solution to all the Republican parties.
Was a nuclear war with Iran.
Campanian Oklahoma, the obidator of Republican Senator John McCain was asked what should
be done about Iran.
He responded by singing bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb Iran to the tune of the Beach Boys
Barbaran.
Join the hilarity and see for yourself on you.
Chee-up!
How can any thinking person disagree?
I mean, any country with a president who doesn't shave properly and never wears a tie,
deserve what's coming to it.
A lot of American bombs, with a few British ones thrown into when sure we don't miss out
on the ensuing of surgeon terrorism.
The problem is how to unload enough bombs on Iran before next year's U.S. election
to bring about enough flag waving to get the Republican party re-elected.
This is essential for the safeguard the revenues of companies like Halibut and, especially
at the time when the special inspector general for a factory construction is discovering
what a shoddy job Halibut has been doing.
In project at NASA, Rhea Mosul and Hila declared successes by the U.S. and species of discovered
buckled floors, crumbling concrete, failed generators, and blocked sewage systems do
not to sabotage the largely-deport construction like a maintenance.
The trouble is that the re-elected of the GOP is becoming more problematic as opinion turns
against George Bush's little invasion of Iraq, even Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah recently
condemned the U.S. action as in legal for an occupation.
His nephew, Prince Bandar, has been returning calls for weeks.
More worrying is the plummeting popularity of the party as the White House corruption
becomes ever more difficult to disguise.
The LA Times reports that what Representative Thomas Davis-Third called a poisonous environment
has begun to dent fundraising and on-heard of problem for Republicans.
So the only solution is to bomb Iran as Senator McCain so wisely and musically suggest
the real issue is whether to use regular weapons or do the job properly and go nuclear.
Nuclear bombs have the advantage of being much bigger and they'll also pollute vast
swaths of Iran and make much of the country uninhabitable for years.
With a bit of luck, some of the fallout will sweep into Iraq and finish off the job the
U.S. and UK have begun without incurring more costs.
But the biggest advantage of nuclear weapons is that the repercussions will be so enormous
the upsurge in terrorism so overwhelming that the world will be totally changed.
A year before 9-11, Paul Wolfowitz and Scooter-Libby signed a statement for the
project for the new American century in UConn think tank, they rather hope for some
catastrophic and catalyzing event like a new Pearl Harbor to kickstart their dream of a world
run by U.S. military might.
A nuclear war would do the trick in spades and Republican Party could expect to stay in
power for the next 50 even 100 years.
Of course, a large proportion of the human race would be wiped out in the process,
but that shouldn't be a problem as long as there are anti-radiation suits for the White House
and Pentagon staff, such as Shake Up would give the U.S. a golden opportunity to corner what's left
of the world's oil reserves. In 1955, Albert Einstein and Bertrand Russell said the world was
faced by a stark and dreadful and inescapable choice. Shall we put an end to the human race or shall
mankind pronounce war? Senator McCain wasn't bothered by such questions. The human race may be
standing on a precipice, but the Republicans have a chance of permanent re-election.
It's Terry Jones of Monty Python.
Right. And they are guarding the UK.
One of those brits, you know. You bet. One of the good ones.
One of the good brits. Unlike the Queen, who's there with your president today?
Who's got the nicer handbag?
She's there with a... I still say that president of Georgia, Laura, on our, my spades.
Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Don't you think that needs to be on our regular ground?
Yeah, special. Yeah. See if we see if Eric can do that. Get that on our regular page.
Are you kidding? He'll have a heart attack.
Who? Well? Eric.
Which I'd like to take the beaded curtain down and that was okay.
Oh, okay. Excuse like I said.
Yeah, but that was the reason we took that down is because we didn't know the age of the,
I think Laura is over 18. We don't know how old that thing is.
Man.
Hill. God. 1248, 12 minutes before 1 at 560 W.C.Y.M.
Democrats in America are evenly divided in the question of whether George W. Bush
knew about the 911 terrorist attacks in advance.
35% of Democrats believe he did know.
39% say he did not know and 26% are like not sure.
Republicans reject that view by a 7-to-1 margin.
Say the president did not know in advance about the attacks.
Among those not affiliated with age and age or major party,
18% believe the president knew and 57% say, uh-uh.
Overall, 22% of the voters believe that the president knew about the attacks in advance.
That's 22% of all voters.
A slightly larger number, 29% believe the CIA knew about the attacks in advance.
While Americans, white Americans are less likely than others to believe that either the president
of the CIA knew about the attacks in advance,
young Americans are more likely than their elders to believe the president of the
CIA knew about the attacks in advance.
However, just 8% of voters say the CIA was very truthful before the war in Iraq.
Another 33, oh, this goes on.
Very truthful, somewhat truthful, a little bit truthful,
lied a lot, lied a little bit, bup, bup, bup, bup, oh my god.
What kind of a poll is that?
It's from Rasmussen reports.
Well, take your report and shove it.
WDQA M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm still a stone.
I forgot what I was going to say.
No, okay.
Well, it wouldn't be the first one.
He's so stone.
He forgot what he was going to say.
I think they're all stone today.
If we had like one real call today,
well, we had the one guy, uh, one of your people that said the, uh,
what's about Spider-Man?
The one actually spoke a little English?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's your fault.
I shouldn't have brought up Spider-Man.
You think our crowd, our crowd has seen it?
Your crowd?
This crowd.
These old people, now what do you mean your crowd?
I said, our crowd.
So you say your crowd means old, old, old, old, old,
old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, you know,
that race track crowd that they had.
Yeah, right.
Like Lester Greenshed.
That's right.
People are watching Kentucky Derby on Saturday, right?
567.0560,
pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line on a coma
in Lucy, Monday, man.
It is.
What?
Really deadly quiet.
WQYM, hello.
Spider-Man, you know, fucked up D.A.
You got to.
WQYM, hello.
How are you?
Hey Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I haven't seen Spider-Man yet, but I'm going to see it tonight or tomorrow night.
Okay.
And anyway, I wanted to ask you, you know,
President Bush is against abortion.
Am I right?
Yes.
Isn't it kind of hypocritical of him to talk about
he's against abortion because it's the taking of human life?
Sir, let me.
Or I know where you're going with this.
Why are you, is it make you happy to hear the sound of your voice saying this?
No, I just, I was like, it's like saying it's today, Monday.
I mean, come on.
Do you ever want to just sit and put your head in your hands and cry?
Every day when I wake up.
Oh my God.
And this guy, I'm sure, thinks that he was a very intelligent caller, you know.
President to hypocrite, all these people are dying in Iraq and he said,
all in line like we don't know that?
Jesus, God Almighty.
Jesus, he was doing it that picture on there too long.
Must have been.
Yeah.
He's not out of the woods yet.
He's got Bush on the brain.
WQYM, hello.
Okay, sir.
Hey, Spider-Man, you little movie.
Get Spider-Man, you little movie, man.
Come on, man.
WQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Yes.
The British just had a poll.
The what?
The British was a poll in Great Britain,
who was the worst of a grip and they picked up the river.
In Canada, they had a poll, same poll.
And the worst Canadian was picked as Harold Barrett.
Right.
I was really passionate about the hockey area.
Yeah.
Okay, well call me when the funeral starts.
5670560, pound 560 and at least that made me feel very young.
You know, it made me feel, it made me feel so young.
And pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is Phil from Pembert Fine.
How are you?
Okay, Phil.
Hey, quick question.
I don't know what your stock broker is telling you these days.
But that was at an all time high.
Yeah, so.
So, you know, I don't know.
I know you've been cursing them a long time and just want to check your
opinions.
They were going on.
See what's going on with what?
With my money?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't worry about my money.
My money is doing fine.
Okay, sir.
My money is doing fine.
Don't worry about my money.
I got my money and it ain't no, no, no, your money.
Okay.
5670560, pound 560 and they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
And they're singularly amazing Monday.
It never, it's just, you know, you could, you could be on here in this market
for a thousand years in uni.
Every single day is like a major shock to your system.
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Can I speak with Neil?
Speaking.
What do you think about the Panthers, Neil?
Well, what is that?
What does that mean?
What do I think about the Panthers?
What do you think about the Panthers, Neil?
The Black Panthers?
WDQAM.
I'll cast your novos.
The reason I bought it.
Serious satellite radio.
That was the president of Sirius, I'm sure of it.
All right, WDQAM.
And Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
Just remember, Republicans are evil.
And quick point about the Middle East and the, you know, I ran.
A lot of people complain like McCain, they want to bomb the heck out of them
and they say that they're a threat to Israel.
The reality of the Arab world is they'll never attack Israel
because that's the problem that'll never go away
that helps them keep their people distracted
from the problems of their own country.
So Saudi Arabia will never take them out.
Iran will never take them out.
Because if they do, then they'll focus on the other side.
How about how about how about how they took them out for a nice
of brisket would be good?
Well, that would be nice.
And how about them?
I'm, uh, with some nice potato pancakes and latkes would be nice.
And they could say, the ham.
There you go.
Altogether.
Or castle hois.
But McCain is evil too.
So that is correct.
Just look at all the crap.
Good luck to us.
Good luck to us.
That's Brax the man.
No question about that.
He's the only one that's got an IQ larger than a thumbnail.
He's got it.
You know, some people got it.
Some people don't got it.
He's got it.
That's all that's all of us to it.
Like Kennedy had it.
You know, JFK, he had it and you can see it.
He had the, uh, the thing.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
He had it.
Of course, whether America will, you know, who knows?
It's, it's May.
It's the 7th of May, 2007.
Okay.
All this, all this fall,
all these silly, instant debates.
And they're all getting up there.
John Edwards performance yesterday.
He should have just dropped out right after George, uh,
step on top of his finished with him.
He should have just said, oh, by the way, George, I'm dropping out.
Right.
Embarrassing, humiliating and degrading.
And then he should have gone into like,
bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, or a little bit of that too.
He was just for comedy sake.
Because all these things are very, very funny, you know.
What do you think?
Historical.
Ten more dead Americans sold you yesterday.
By the way, I just mentioned that in passing.
Not to get anybody depressed.
It's God the Real.
It went up in Boca Tiga,
slapping all the women with painted lips around the pool.
I listened to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers
there in balance one or two hours.
Go back to sleep.
It's getting in though.
Advise it though.
I've got the sport page here.
Well, that's all we're allowed to talk about.
Sure.
Hi everybody.
Hi, Jill.
Hi, Jill.
I just got done chasing a hot sports lead.
Oh, please, man.
Fill the time, sure.
The burrito is long go.
Hey, look.
I got his jacks to act.
Wow.
Now at least we have something to talk about.
Yeah, man.
Look at the size of that thing, dude.
That's just quite a dinkle, very harmless to go here.
Yeah, I think I can give you a giggle.
Black flower.
Oh, I'm cold.
Hi, Clarence.
What are you?
Oh, I just want to touch it.
The jacks crack.
Yes.
Can I just touch it?
Oh, just want to touch it.
Sure, here.
It's still warm.
So, Clarence, you think we'll ever break a one.
It smells good too.
Yup.
And if you look closely, there's a slight yellowing around the size.
Uh oh.
See this, dude?
Black.
Somebody had one nutty buddy too many.
Right, so, girls, it's too bad it's almost time.
I'm going to go in.
I'm going to go in.
I'm going to go in.
I'm going to go in.
This is an important thing, Scott.
Yeah.
Maybe we can earn an extra point in the book situation
that has, uh, what?
Rating.
Yeah, those are like whatever radio.
So.
Yeah, well, you ain't got it.
OK, it's 102.560 WQM.
Happy Monday to you.
And obviously the juices on the loose man in South Florida,
they're all extra juicy today.
I didn't get mine.
Yes.
Can you check your exit bed?
Why, because I hit it twice a couple of times.
We have a lot of two times.
Just realized there's nothing wrong with the exit bed.
It's just it's just operator error.
And of course rather than just saying
they're in shutting up like an intelligent person would do,
could you check your exit queue?
Yeah, let me let me play it again here for it.
See if it goes once, OK?
The biggest name.
OK.
The biggest name.
You see what happens is that I got a five cap here.
And sometimes the way on the thing and you'll have a whole bunch of those
things on there and in the queue up box.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about just mine, your own business.
That's what I'm talking about.
Jesus God.
Can you check your thing?
You made a mistake.
There are a couple of times out.
You made a mistake.
Believe me.
Yeah, coming here.
That's for danger.
You finally figuring that out.
You're a little slow but better later than never.
How's that go?
Better whatever.
56670560.
Let's take a whole bunch of calls this are because to be honest with you,
these today, I'm not sure which was my very favorite.
Although I think President Sirius, who's pretty good.
My favorite.
Nobody queue A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Not there.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Got a critique on that pizza did George you?
That's a gallery.
And will you talk about it?
It's OK.
It's like God.
I'd rather go to the bios for I can go.
You just got more taste whether.
Do you remember the one?
Spot of K.O.
The baddest.
Spot of K.O.
Oh my god.
I know that but at least the bios you can taste.
There's just no taste to this stuff really.
The latest one.
No taste.
Yeah.
So and as for you know Joyce and you know all happy Joe there.
As long as they're in charge.
There's nowhere to go but downhill man.
And that's another thing.
Everywhere I drive I feel freaking pulling him on board.
I'm not the pew every time I see it.
No three decilit three decilit.
Jump ship goes somewhere else anywhere but that you know.
See what's up.
It's enough to make you just want to pull on trigger baby.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
OK.
I'm 34 and I hooked up with a 24 year old hottie chick.
Great.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Have a good time.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Oh Neil God.
Yes sir.
Just started calling with a request for a click solution in the basket.
Yeah.
With the lotion in the basket.
There it is.
There you go.
Great great.
We love it Neil.
OK.
Wow.
Great.
Yeah.
Some people are saying how these 34 year old boyfriend.
1083 year on the pull we need only 17 more for 1100 then Chris is going to really in fact
when we do the exit queue on this segment we're going to play it 50 times.
Cool.
See it's a good thing I looked up under because I heard it.
I think it was the last time I saw that we're like about 20 more of them
queued up in the box and I just had a delete delete.
Eat the people yeah.
Yeah how that goes.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Can you bear the four.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil buddy.
It's stew got congratulations on the ratings.
Nah.
Yes stew gots.
There's a real broadcaster for you.
See that's the interesting thing about those guys they get they get a
bogus month in January which lifted them through you know three or four trends there
and made the overall book bogus and what's going to happen next trend when the
January drops off.
You know what comes to mind when I think of that?
What?
That.
Then what kind of a song are they going to be singing you know all this business
about one book they got existed one month in one book and right away they got a story
they got a story you got a story I'll write it's pathetic.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
We're always looking at George's underwear.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Any of us almost.
Yes sir.
Hey could it get some more matter door tickets?
Yeah matter doors yeah.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
How's it going?
All right.
All right um anyway I don't know how much you're big on censorship but if you get around
and we should check out them uh two films called The Film Is Not Get rated and um
it's a bad word it's that word.
Oh well it's a bad word I'll pass.
5670560 of course on this show I'm when you work for the Beasley's Injoice
Air Reward is a bad word like hey.
How you doing?
What's up?
How's it going?
Bad word.
Air Reward is a bad word and we can find a reason why it's a bad word like duchy bag
things like that.
Air Reward is a bad word.
Like that's sorry I just played before always look on the wrong side on the bad side of life
that's uh Joyce's mentality and like I told you before and he can call me 800 times a week if
he wants jolly joe and ain't change in nothing jolly joe it's jolly joe and clearance and joys
and the Q.A.M. wrecking crews what it is.
I mean for him to call me and and just like clearance you heard it yourself come in
this morning asking what what's my suggestion?
How about an H bomb you know maybe maybe that might be this suggestion.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hi Dale.
Yes sir.
Basic green, basic green.
In fact you know just just like the ESPN radio thing I can't imagine how much if we turn the
transmitter off and then he'd be calling me saying how come we had a point oh you know
and actually the embarrassing thing is we have the transmitter on ESPN radio my S.
How do you do that?
A lot of grease.
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm not talking about that retard not the one in the White House the one you called you about
the Dow Jones is 13,000.
Yeah.
He forecast that the Dow Jones reached 3000 dollars in 1965.
Now at that time a new Cadillac was 5000 dollars and you would be 3000 dollars all that.
Otherwise the Dow went away so it's worth about 10 cents.
So the Dow Jones if you want to equal however you should get 2000 today but it's only at 13,000.
So it's perfect you know most of the retard is buying it.
A fool and his money are soon parted sir.
Yeah that's exactly what it is.
But it's a another thing we'd like to mention about 10 years ago there was a contest for high school
graduates 50 country were participating and the first 40 places went to European and Asian
countries and the last 10 African countries and whatever anyway the US managed to be 47.
Just ahead of Burundi and Zimbabwe and at that time I remember there was a bumper sticker cartoon
in the US news and word report.
It says my son in America can style better than yours on in Burundi.
I mean that's show you the education on that don't print up people are they stupid.
They are stupid because education systems went under toilet that's the problem.
Okay it's going further down the toilet.
Thanks for your uplifting commentary and what you're doing.
Thank you too.
1097 votes out of full round of urge of 1100 that's all we care about is getting paid,
getting free food and getting that pool number way up there baby.
Getting that pool way up there 1097 and I bet you when we come back it's going to be over 1100
but I play the up to 40 times.
Everybody's turning classes, classes USA.
In the acts of patriotism you're watching all of you.
Everyone does a special so much what you do.
This is formation under your mind.
In Bush Fatherland nation, I just USA.
You gotta hate those Jews and Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we can.
Under state or on news.
Blood war and war, God bless.
We love your escalade.
A roof and chainy bush venue.
That's as to USA.
We don't mind you see our job.
So about the economy's good.
We're fascinated by J.
No.
Reckon.
We don't need no stupid force.
All hours waiting.
The facts of our innocent way.
Everybody's turning classes.
Yes.
I guess USA.
All right.
116 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Let's take a ton of calls between now and two o'clock.
What do you say?
We got a warmed up.
560 705 60, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Had a tremendous number of reviews on Spider-Man 3 didn't we?
Yeah, they all said it sucked.
Four.
What we get four or five.
Or whatever.
And then the one guy knows how to speak it in English.
So if you're not speaking English, go see Spider-Man.
You're going to love it.
Spider-Man 3.
Sit play.
WQA.M. Hello.
You like Spider-Man?
Yeah.
That's it. That's our call.
We do have 1114.
The one in the pool.
Chris is very pleased about that.
As you know it.
And you notice the Q.
There were only played once.
Was perfect.
Good.
Make sure you know the next time I do something like that,
you point it out on the ears good.
Just like next time you start, you know, we have an extra spot that runs in the break after we come back.
I'll be some point that out.
WQA.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Q.A.M.
WQA.M. Hello.
I'm Steve.
WQA.M. Hello.
We're going to send it in.
WQA.M. Hello.
We're number one, David.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
David from Wilton Manners.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just had a couple questions for you and then I'll hang up and listen to your comments.
Yeah.
Sounds like Reverend Jones to me.
Really?
Yeah.
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I'm 30 years old and I'm going to be thinking about that guy and his 24-year-old girl on break.
Got a promotion?
Yeah.
How about you, Neil?
How about you, Dr. Lotion and your palm?
WQA.M. Hello.
Hey, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
You commented on the day guy.
I guess it was two of them that got offended and have poor learning airport.
Yeah.
It was a prank, yeah.
Yeah.
Actually, I was there that night.
You know, that is so freaking empty there, close to midnight.
But I kind of got a feeling the guy did it on purpose because it was two loud queens
that were like creating a ruckus waiting for their luggage.
I was hiding.
I think you did it on purpose.
But it was funny nonetheless.
No, was that the Jeff Roe, Jeff Roe, whatever, what was the name?
Yeah, they quieted down after that.
Oh, and on the light noise.
You know, your buddy, Tim, he's the North Carolina now.
Who?
Tim.
Yeah.
He's in North Carolina.
He's in North Carolina.
A Jew in North Carolina?
He had a high tail in North Carolina with his family.
I'll be damned.
Well, good choice.
You got on there anyway.
All right.
Talk to you later.
Thanks, Pally.
Well, how do you like that?
The STEM Leister.
Mm.
All right.
5670560, deep pond.
That's before your time.
Pond 5660 in the Verizon Singular World's Time.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Can I please speak to Dan Levittard or Joe Rose?
Yeah, go ahead.
Call him off.
See if they'll talk to you.
I doubt it.
WQAM, hello.
Hi.
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil, I'm here.
You're in the year.
Yeah.
Hello.
Grandma, shout out.
I'll say that.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Pally.
I'm on my shoe.
And I may never get it.
WQAM, hello.
Okay, so don't waste your time with Spider-Man.
Yeah.
I wasted my time downloading it.
I got it and actually spent the $9 to go see it.
Really?
That's for the drama with the stupid girl.
Waste the time.
Waste the time.
That bad, honestly.
That's kind of a 1 to 10 minus.
Oh, it's just.
No.
No.
Okay.
Gladly enjoyed it.
Wow.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
The guy on TV here this morning, like I said, he ripped it in a mess.
He just, he just, he just, whatever.
It was a boring moment in it.
Really?
Really?
Well, how can, I mean, you know, it wasn't long enough to find out there was a lot of stuff going on.
It was fun to watch.
Oh, there's Laura Borsche.
Look at that.
She finally put some clothes on.
Laura, there will be a present and a queen.
I think the queen might be shocked at that picture, don't you?
Maybe.
Who knows what she's important.
Oh, God.
What a thought that is.
You like to ask Prince Philip.
You know that book, The Royals by Kitty Kelly.
And it said, Prince Philip couldn't get her ass out of his bed.
I mentioned that the other day didn't I, for either of us.
Let's keep mentioning it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Guys, make the said rose.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, you're Paley.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, new idea, buddy.
Okay, sir.
Hey, this is Shritz Gorderslott guy.
I heard you forget to wait with my insanity.
Yeah, I am.
And I want to tell him I'm going back to Vegas, September.
And I'm looking at extra jumps.
I can try to move up to $30 slots.
Okay, great.
Good luck, sir.
Okay, Panhandling sounds good in your case.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, you're like that.
Big green.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Any other question I want to comment for you?
Yes.
First of all, I got to tell you, I was a little disappointed
about the Fireman movie.
That's going to be a question.
Is it possible to track your stuff with a cordless phone?
I wish.
I sure wish.
In your case.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Damn, Fireman, you are a great star.
Horrible.
You're a hero, my money, or a...
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes.
I'm a hockey coach, and I'm a...
No chance.
$567.0560, $560, and they've risen in singular wireless line.
Keep them coming, baby.
Keep those hits coming.
Well, what a shame.
Rick Shaw, I guess Friday is it, huh?
He pulls the plug.
I guess.
I'm not showing him.
You never know.
I'm not surprised you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
James Franco, yummy.
Yeah, amen.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
You're a friend of me.
Keep those hits coming.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, I think you could listen earlier.
Was there more complaint about Spider-Man or does everybody...
Mostly negative, sir.
Mostly negative.
Five, six.
Okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
Tell your good buddy's name backwards to see what you come up with.
No, okay.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I got a little baby.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Five, six, seven, $560, $560, and a Verizon.
So you see, I don't think we can keep this going, though, too, do you?
I know you're dead.
What?
What is it that you're referring to?
Whatever, whatever, where is there doing?
Endless goofballs?
Yeah, you can keep it going, tilts.
Okay, good.
I'm just one double second, want to make sure.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
This is Eddie.
This is Eddie.
Yeah, I like to be straight.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Junior, get the Splendus.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Okay, pal, how you doing?
Okay.
What is the President doing throwing parties for a stupid quiz, bro?
What the hell we're going to do when the gas is $4, bro?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I listen to you and George and Jim, and don't worry about your rating, since you get rid of the Marlins.
I won't be changing the channel anymore.
What are you making sure you get rid of the Marlins?
That's not so much season.
Well, I know, but every time the game comes on, I turn it off.
Well, that's what I'm going to be turning off real early Thursday, because Thursday we're on here at 11.30.
Oh!
Well, I'll be turning it off.
Can you believe that?
I'm a good one, buddy.
I love you.
Okay, you too, buddy.
Okay, buddy, buddy.
And of course, keep in mind that, back, while the book was still going on, we had those two UN basketball games that took place right in there between the midday.
Remember those?
No.
You know, remember the two days that we left early because we had UN basketball?
Of course I do.
Well, there you go.
I'm sure Chris can refresh your memory with a two by four.
Boy, I'm sure that that helped when you got a...
Oh!
Oh, those days, you know?
I mean, there's only so many days.
There's 12 weeks in the book.
And all these other wannabees that come along, I've been going through this for 100 years, just like Dickie Farkel and the whole host of others, who have come and gone and vanished into No Man's land.
Oh, yeah.
We have beat the hell out of Neil, and I got more listeners, and he's dying.
You know, like I've told you before, you can't talk yourself into it, okay?
You can't talk yourself into it.
What if you do it a lot?
It's still a work, though.
Especially if you're not in New York or with a big mouth, who's despised by almost anybody.
WQYM, hello.
That was Act for $1.
WQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, Bill, please.
Speaking, please.
Hey, Bill.
A long time listener.
Just wondered what your views were on the comments that said maybe it can't speak during the ratings.
I'm not getting involved with him.
He's talking about the CUME.
We had a 4-1, he had a 2-2, which sounds higher to you.
There's a 4, which is higher, a 4-share or a 2-share?
Of course, the 4-share.
Well, there you go.
Very good math, and I'm not interested.
Let me just go through saying that.
I'm not getting sucked into a phony ward to try to bring him attention, okay?
It's so obvious and so transparent.
It's been done a million times, and I'm not going to do it.
I've been around the block too many times, okay?
It's suck.
They absolutely positively blow is what they do.
I love it 29 and a pull.
I think we might have got to 12 if Chris would have been a little more positive during the show, you know?
Okay, if you had taken a more proactive view on the show, as opposed to pointing out that my technical malfunction of the junction...
Look, it's not stagnant in the church.
Yeah!
That's a bad one more.
Let's have a party for Pomokarty.
Now he's 64.
Be roll over too.
I'd like to say these words have been birthday to you.
You and the Beatles once were big news.
John and George are gone.
George had cancer, John got shot, they didn't survive.
Good old wringo, he's still alive.
Watch your butt, busted, holding some weed, inch a pan on tour.
Your wife doesn't need you, her lawyers will bleed you, and you're 64.
You ferry.
1132 and 560 W and QM.
So since parents gave me these hourly's, let me put it to rest right now.
Anybody can go on here and lie about ratings or just make up.
They're often do.
So here's the tend to between QAM and Waxi.
Take it.
I'll roll or something for this.
I'll roll with something on.
Tendable Evan, we have a 4.4 share average quarter hour, this is men 25 and 54.
Average quarter hour is at 9200.
They have a 1.9 average quarter hour is a 4,000.
You got that?
4.419.
9200.4000.
Love at a clock we have a 5.5 share, they got a 22.
We have 11300 average quarter hour men, they've got 4500 again way more than double.
Noon, we've got a 35, they've got a 22 again, they're stuck on that 22.
Looks nice on you by the way.
Well, the 9300 for us, 5700 for them with their 22.
And at 1 o'clock we have a 3.5, they've got a 24, we have 8700, they have 6100.
Do they come close to us in any of the four hours?
No.
Not in terms of average quarter hour numbers, in terms of share or any other damn thing.
The queue they got a kiss on because of Joe in the morning over there.
So everybody wants to make a story, they're the numbers and we need them right off the page.
So anybody wants to make up a bunch of crap and I'm going to talk to myself.
When you're loud and you're from New York, there's nothing unusual, okay?
It's like a guy who's got a thing, you know?
Not unusual, it's not the first time, you know what I'm saying?
No.
56007 0560 and Palm 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
Just absolutely desperate over there.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, it's Captain Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, a couple of things real quick so you can count on your day.
Have you ever heard of something called Talkers Magazine, which is like a radio...
Yeah, it's a piece of crap.
You hate it?
It's a joke.
It's a joke.
Well, I find funny stuff they rated you this year.
Yeah, I already know it sir, I already know about it.
I know how it's stir and said what's the other point?
Let's get on this old news.
That's all these things, I'll fuck you later.
Okay, I hope not.
WDQYM, hello.
Iron Hill, it's the Queen calling.
Yes.
I just want to know one thing.
Yes.
Do you bow or curtie?
WDQYM, hello.
It puts the radio in the...
WDQYM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Sounds like it's QAM, hire the big dog to come over and work for you guys.
It blows the other station right out of the waters, that right?
That would seem, yeah.
So that's really the only ratings they have is the morning show, is that the way I should read that?
No, they did pretty good in the afternoon too.
But again, all their numbers were based on a big January on a bogus month.
One said, drops off in the next trend, unless they have a gigantic April which I doubt,
but unless they do, what's going to happen?
What's going to happen?
All these numbers are hour by hour numbers of the other station just dealing with the final number, the Q number.
I don't understand the question.
You're going hour by hour, so the other station, when they go and say they've got the numbers or whatever all they're doing is taking a toll on.
They had good number in the morning and they had a good number in afternoon drive, period.
Period.
Yeah.
I'd have a great day, Palli.
For you too.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes, final number.
It's your number.
They should take out a series of billboards saying, hey, we lie a lot.
That's where we're at.
We lie a lot.
If we don't got numbers, we'll make them up.
Sounds like desperation in me, Joel.
You lost the dolphins.
You're going to lose Joe Rose.
What's your claim to fame?
A lot of them out from New York?
Who wants to go running back, but can't because there's no show to go running back to anymore?
Very sad.
WDQYM, hello.
And you have two questions.
Why do you say that January was a bogus month?
And what is the story behind Joel Feinberg?
Like, how they get his money out?
I got the money.
Because Daddy's rich.
That's why.
Because they got a bunch of wired diaries in January.
And it happens that happens to our station to every non-end.
When you go along and you get ones and twos, and all of a sudden you got some big number in there that, you know, it's just obvious.
The audience doesn't work that way, okay?
Ratings don't work that way in real life.
It has to do with wired diaries.
But nevertheless, not that we haven't had our share, and thank you so much.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Aneel, did you hear what happened to our power salesman?
Yeah, so.
Don't you think that's upsetting?
Well, let me ask you a question.
Seriously.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Are you there?
Yes.
Can you handle it?
Why would anybody care?
Why would anybody with a life care about Perisholm?
Well, she goes to the shared that night vision video.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, desperate.
Desperate.
Desperate.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, it's been 11 and 12 now.
I want to know what you're doing.
You put the linear and yellow there, or?
Yeah, okay.
Good.
We just might.
Don't suggest it.
They just might do it.
WDQYM, hello.
My other recent gas prices I have by departmenting off few
entities.
And they still might use point.
Oh.
For the number they were between over the midnight.
We'd guilty.
The only, by the way, is going to be going by by because we've got no
panthers, no more.
Now that the season's over and we don't want any part of them.
So he's going to line up across.
He may be guilty.
Can do a morning drive over the day.
Just like old times, maybe guilty and somebody else we all know
in law.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neel.
I have a question.
What's the big deal with having the dolphins back on QAM?
Who listens to a football game?
People who don't watch it on TV.
People who can't afford a TV set.
Yeah.
I mean, on the other hand, like the Marlins.
I mean, I'm not a huge baseball fan.
But I don't want to hear anything.
I don't want to hear it.
I don't want to hear it.
I want to hear it when the game starts early and we get out of here early.
Where are the exploding balls?
Oh, you're a liar.
Hey, I didn't lie, all right?
I know that.
They're all liars.
Are you calling me a liar?
Not all adults are liars.
You're lying.
I'm saying spotlight.
I'm afraid I find it difficult to trust you.
Ever trapped in public games, no longer believing in him.
Alberto, guns, I left, he's invincible.
Just the only big demand, though the coverage
kept the stand-grade cool, try to pull capital hill, roll-roll.
I'm a liar, and I'm a loser, and I'm a shame.
He's a dog.
He can't be tough.
No, if I had drugs to play and I'm a blind, why a tax-red?
Let's Royal Pee the party over country.
One time, I'm all right to drive.
Why have I been complete denial?
Constitution thrown away.
How long do we make him pay?
The lawless is the liar.
Consistment, law learning.
Then dispense the money.
The lawless is the liar.
He tries to hide and he will be denied it.
Do not trust this man.
Do not talk to him.
Do not engage men conversation.
All the liars all the time, so many men.
Sixty until two at five, sixty-double to QAM.
Five, sixty-seven, oh five, sixty.
Five, sixty under the residence singular wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
Yes, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Oh, I thought it was not the liar.
I could still hear the thing in the background there.
You know, I'll turn that thing off in the background.
Yeah, Jennifer Ram, what kind of work is she doing these days?
I have no idea.
Oh, you would bring me a name from the business while back.
What was your review on Borat?
I didn't watch it.
Oh, if the George gave you a...
He did.
No, no, no, let me see it again.
I didn't watch it.
I gave it to a friend of mine.
He's watching it.
When he's done, I'll get it.
And maybe I'll watch it.
All right, I'm interested in seeing what your review on a movie is.
Why is that?
Because except for four or five bits, the movie's done.
Well, that's it.
I watched twenty minutes of it.
The first this, George, sent me.
And it was the same joke over and over and over again.
I just, you know, it was...
I'm using it at times, but I didn't think it was all that great.
You missed the best part of being on a movie, so...
But you just got through saying it.
You just got through saying it.
Except for four or five parts, you thought it's stunk.
Yeah, but the four or five parts were watching.
The rest of it.
Sucked.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right.
So, good movie reviews today, by the way.
Wouldn't you say?
The best.
That's right.
An extra charge, either, for our crowd.
567-0560, 560, and the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Liberty QYN, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
You guys doing a dolphin game now?
Is Mo coming back?
No, Mo is not coming back.
For the dolphin gamer, for any other purpose, or to take a dump in the T-room, no.
Damn, I like Mo too.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna give you this home number and voc it.
You can go play a part easy with them.
You can go meet them at the shuffleboard court.
Neil, it says here, what does Q mean?
Q means the total number of people who listen during the entire week.
It really isn't a mistake if anybody pays too much attention to,
because when your lack of listenership is very, very short,
it doesn't really mean much.
That means you might have a whole bunch of people listen for five or ten minutes,
and then, oh, gee, that's enough of that obnoxious sound,
and they go someplace else.
That's what Q means.
It's a rather meaningless stat.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Yeah, Neil, just three quick questions.
Is there any way that I can do that?
A lot of questions today, man.
A lot of questions, yes.
I'll make them brief.
Is there any way to get internet ratings?
No.
No, and also, whatever happened to that, I got you down, lady.
Are we in summers?
Yeah, I couldn't stand there, but I loved where you stood, Mr. On.
Okay, we'll send a search party out.
Okay, just like we did for her audience.
WQYM, hello.
Not there.
56670560.
For any week today, I would say, when you, now you wouldn't say,
I wouldn't.
Don't.
WQYM, hello.
And you know, any chance Jazz McKay can fill in at nighttime?
Yeah, Jazz McKay is 11 of midnight.
He can, he can get a point.
Oh, Michael.
Drew Michael.
Yeah, just bring in all the, all the losers.
All the losers, yeah.
Okay, well, I think we've already got a few in town.
Oh, no.
56670.
Oh, and you know something, somebody on the Myspace wanted me to play
the Haydrew.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
But it's like 4 and a half minutes long.
Don't be, don't be.
For sure.
What?
It sure is.
If this is the end, then it's not the way.
You're ferried.
The rating will come in you and I'm sure.
Party your case.
It's always in the heart of love.
Hey, Drew.
Don't go.
I don't want to go down.
I'll go back.
Don't run.
He's so much better.
We've found the truth.
I will love the K-Wide.
Or it will start to get much better.
Now, let me ask you, there's something in here that, uh,
I don't know.
I don't know.
It's very old.
Ancient.
You never know.
And it's time to feel the same.
Ain't true.
We pray.
They've got it on the Queen.
It's time to feel the same.
One you know that you'll be gay.
They've fake.
You'll be.
I spoke to that station.
I spoke to Gary.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
They do.
They don't need to cry.
They need so many, you better show.
She didn't know about you.
She wants all the ground.
Or it will be about that show.
That way around.
You're fairly.
Pull it out, pull it out.
She didn't fake, real, white, dark, skin.
Don't make me an asshole.
Okay, like I said.
I thought Joey sucked.
Well, good.
And I'm sure he thought the same of you.
But anyway, well, yeah, so there was a little bit of that.
And it was okay.
What are you going to do?
What do you mean by that?
I guess you're just going to go on.
What do you mean now?
What am I going to do?
I'm going to go to lunch.
I'm 49 by the way.
I'm not going to eat any ice cream.
I'm not going to eat any sugar.
Good thing.
I'm like you.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Likaris.
Oh, you are.
I don't even like jelly-bellied jelly bean liquor.
Who I am.
Yeah, how you doing now?
Okay, sir.
Yo, man, man.
I wanted to hear that bitch from you guys.
Well, too bad.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yeah, besides your show, you're the only one I listen to.
I figured it was a matter of time before across the tree caught up.
Like, your jockstowns are sweaty or mushy or they pat.
People have asked me a lot more than you're sleeping.
Yeah.
Your jockstowns are old and crusty.
Yeah, that's right.
Okay, thanks.
5.670560, come on.
We've got a couple of minutes to kill here.
A pound 5.60 in the Verizon Singular wireless line.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how's it going, buddy?
All right, Pally.
Hey, it is.
I got three things for you, man.
Now, first team's got to go.
That can't in both show.
Both team?
There's team, man.
Both is care of both.
Number two, Curtis has got to go on the Mad Dog show.
Is he killing him?
Oh, man.
You never heard of Mad Dog?
You heard Curtis the whole time.
It's all you hear is Curtis.
Well, what's that all about?
Do they got something going on or what's the deal?
I don't know what's going on.
I think they're in love with each other.
Mad Dog, he can't remember nothing.
Yes, that's Curtis everything.
That's the biggest problem there.
You got it?
See, I have a philosophy that is keep the board off off the earth as much as possible.
With all the respect to Chris, keep the board operator off the earth, but nevertheless.
Absolutely.
Even Robert Weeper, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the board.
And number nine.
Hey.
Yes.
Number three, you got to let my man, the quarter of a slot guy talk with him more.
He's a very interesting guy.
A lot of fun.
You got to let him talk with him more.
What's your man, who?
The quarter of a slot guy.
You got to let him talk some more.
You okay.
What is that man talking about?
I have no idea.
No, neither is he.
1151, I'm the pool, by the way, 1151 votes.
And food obviously with all the other, this is not a great pool.
In fact, you know something, I'm looking through the pile of pools from Charlie B.
And with all the respect and we certainly appreciate tremendously.
I forgot all the stuff he sent.
But the rest I got, I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler on a bad day.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
They're just not good.
They're not good.
Well, they're there though.
That's better than nothing.
Well, is that what we want to do for the pool, something that's better than nothing?
That's what we do most of the time.
Although I'll be honest, if we did it on the air between 11 and midnight,
it would be better than nothing.
Wow.
How do you do that?
How do you have an hour when you don't have anybody?
Oh.
Stop and think about that.
Okay, the transmitter is on.
The final tubes are glowing and, you know, and we're blowing.
11 and midnight on a station like this with a point 0.
And I get a call from Jolly Jo Bell.
Well, what do you think?
What do you think?
I think that you're killing us, man.
I think you and your partners in crime do the Triple J Ranch.
Josh Dero and Jolly Jo and J-Joyce, killing us, destroying butchering.
Well, George Bush is doing to Iraq.
You're doing to QA, but nevertheless, have a nice day, Jolly Jo.
It's day 0.
In Miami, town, walk solid at 5.6.0.
WQA.
You know, I just don't get this time, man.
I turn on the MTV and I see like, the Angela looking all cool.
She's got a shirt off and stuff and all the girls be liking it.
How do I do that?
I don't know how to do it.
How can I be cool?
I know why I'm not cool.
I can tell you why I'm not cool.
Here we go, here we go.
Come on, come on, come on.
I don't have a card that goes boom.
Cause I'm too wide.
You're way too wide, dog.
Way too wide.
Come on, come on.
I wear cheap bad shoes.
Cause I'm too wide.
Those cheap bad shoes look at you crackin' a white shower as the gym.
And you want to know why.
Why, man, why, man.
Take away.
Cause I'm too wide.
Come on.
Cause I'm too wide.
Way too wide.
Because I'm too wide.
Yeah, yeah, come on.
Come on, let's do it more.
The brothers call you crack your ass.
Cause I'm too wide.
Are you crack your ass?
I don't understand a dude named Nelly.
Cause I'm too wide.
Way too wide, man.
My girlfriend, she left me.
Why's that?
You wanna know why?
Yeah, tell me, tell me, tell me.
Come on, come on.
Cause I'm too wide.
Cause I'm too wide.
Cause I'm too wide.
But I'm not, but I can't play the basketball.
Because I'm too wide.
Yo, Jordan, what's up?
J. Wilkin played well.
Cause he hates me and why.
He hates that, man.
White boy.
Magic Johnson got the AIDS.
You wanna know why?
Why's that?
Hey, hey, hey.
He banged the white.
He banged the white.
He banged the white.
Oh, man.
I can't sing in his song right.
Cause I'm too wide.
He way too wide, man.
I don't get the death comedy jam.
Cause I'm too wide.
I just don't get their jokes.
I don't get it.
I can't get the girl these girls along.
Like a fruit fly.
Then, hey, I hate being white.
I hate it.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
Brother, run, run, run.
Bye, bye, bye.
