First thing this on Monday. No, but that was a good message. Toners on its way.
All right.
The toner card. You know something before we even get started with this with this bit which I will play it.
I can't begin to tell you because my being an old fart my old-timers diseases kicked in for seven years now
I can't remember you know what I had for breakfast except that nice crispy bacon but
a Zidian years ago I sent down I paid for it out of my own pocket. Oh we're gonna reimburse you and I'll screw it
Okay, I can afford it. I'm making a couple of bucks a nice all-in-one printer
Faxxer scanner copier just like the two I have sitting here which I also bought not that I'm looking for any
You know pad on the back for that but because they're so cheap
They're so cheap the beesleys your freaking cheap you're measly not beasley you're measly you make me sick
And then it was a major project before finally the engineering staff you're going and then when I hear yesterday Kenny
Suck it up to the engineering staff. It's gonna be such a suck hole but you're pleased Kenny
Maybe somebody might respect you might have better than more than a 0.8 good God
Kissy kissy kissy kissy the engine that engineering staff man
I wouldn't wish them a hindra kimmer, but anyway
So finally we had the thing with getting long enough cord to hook it up so we could you know hook it up to the computer am I right?
Yes, which I bought and didn't you have to go out and buy it
30 bucks and then I keep asking how's that new of printer copier and all it's just sitting over in the corner or it did it's out of ink
How many weeks ago was that about 30 man how many weeks ago was that and now finally today the other
Copier printer whatever the thing was near that from from made let's a besky's urine is the Chinese safe from a hundred and a
million years ago it died
And so most people will think well and just took up the one that Neil paid for that's it and it's so you know how hardly ever even been used
Wow, we don't have a toner cartridge
Now you tell me that you got a spring for this you got to reach into your own
No, no Angie ordered it from the office people they put a rush on it. It's on its way now
Well, congratulations since 2004 those emails have been
Separated from an R&C policy which is to automatically delete every 30 days deleted emails
So we screwed up
I'm a email
Oh, the lady
You can't delete me on your one, but you gonna
You gonna be relieved when you no longer see me on your drive
Absolutely
I
Love
What
Generation they must have too many server they can't say they've been lost that's like saying the dog
It's my homework. It doesn't work that way. They just don't want to produce no
But try to face it later on keep on top of the radar. I just don't go away
You can bear but you'll fail I always leave a trail. I'm an email
I'm an email and R&C email
You can try to stop me
But I'll still try to tell it looks like you
Violated the hatch act
That's another 18-minute guy. Yeah history repeat with more
Republican hot drinks when it's the five million email
But you can't make them go away
Won't you say
Around I can always be proud
Well good for you 105 at 560 WQ a.m
We used to be a radio station now. We're like the laughing stock once upon a time way back in the day
This used to be a real radio Estacion
Log on a 560
That's right
It's day you got it. I should play all the QM jingles that would take us up to least 1230
Do I have a Marlon game today or something?
I will anyway this South Korean murdering a piece of turd this gentleman
Uh, he talked in whispers he was a loner and he
Telling whispers watch out for them
Watch out there's a message for all your kids out there if you see anybody if you know anybody if there's somebody in the hood
That like is very much a loner and doesn't isn't really like friendly and outgoing
And those in whispers that I be real nervous. I call the the police the police is what I would do when you
twice
Speak of that police officer is carrying rifles and wearing flag jackets
Responded to what turned off to be an unfounded threat today near the engineering building in which 31 people died yesterday
State police officer told CNN you know, I'm having a little of discomfort here
I'm sitting on his chair at a very um, yeah, not a very good. Well, I don't know what it is. Well
Take whatever your sit up. I feel like I've got a strain in my groin sitting on the top of my trip to hamster
Damn, I don't know. Did you pull a hamstring?
I pulled a hamstring. Yeah, I pulled all the strings there. I'll take it that I pulled a lot of things a
State police officer told CNN there was an unusual event at Buris Hall
We responded it was unfounded. That's all we're gonna say in other words nothing happened
Too bad they weren't so itchy of the day before you know, they weren't so antsy on Monday yesterday or whatever day it was yesterday
Another state police officer said they've been involved a threat against University president Charles Steger
Virginia Tech Police said we had reason to believe there was a need to secure the president's orifice
But we not elaborate it's over state police and armored truck also responded to Buris Hall next to Norris Hall
Which of course is I'm sure named after the great harness racing family the Norris's Charlie Norris and Gordon Norris and
Charlie Norris junior and all these other
People when you think I would think so I'm at it and you know
I hate to interject this because you have to watch the news and of course who wants to watch the news anyway
It's totally a 2D pressing because it's all about the human race, which is lucky. It's just a slaughterhouse
But you have to watch for a very long period of time and then you discover for example what are they talking about right now?
About this young man. Yeah, they're he talked in a whisper
But anyway, there is some other stuff going on in the world and this is a good cover up. I didn't Josh
Attackers that off deadly bombs and neighborhoods across Baghdad and they killing at least 66 people wounding many more
The deadliest right so far occurred in Baghdad, Saudi city where at least 28 people were killed
44 others were wounded and an attack near an Iraqi army checkpoint one of the entrances to Saudi city the officials said most of the casualties are civilians
Five of those dead and seven of those wounded were Iraqi security forces
Iraqi police are telling CNN it was a park car bomb a park car and
Iraqi military sources are saying it was a suicide car bomb well whatever was it was bad
At least 21 Iraqis the begins were killed 74 others wounded when a car detonated in all said re-a-market and central Baghdad
And is interesting John McCain was walking through the market at the moment
Iraqi and U.S. troops and Baghdad have intensified the reference to establish the peace and war and torn Baghdad with a two-month-old crackdown operation
Enforcing the law which is working like a charm not
Not doing a damn thing, but you know what John McCain says he's having a good time walking through the streets is in the bag dad
With his bulletproof vest on isn't that how you want to live your life?
He started out there was in power if the poor sluppers there in Iraq when they went to the market if they had a walk around with a bulletproof vest on because they were too damn
Sure if they come home alive
But nevertheless
See that's the one thing we exported. I think there's a tremendous relationship between what happened in lastburg
The other day and what's happening in Iraq every day and that is America is specialized and that's our
Specialty do jurors every day
violence gun fire bloodshed
When a bombah
Anyway, here's the pull-off
And I think we did okay as a matter of fact and guess what Chris even without you now what were you doing yesterday while
McGill was sitting there
My friends going out is moving to Atlanta this Saturday, so he was off yesterday
So we just went and kind of raised health
Well, what is that that's how I screw it off to me sure did we're
I'm not sure if the one you there for crying out loud you're taking a day screwing off good nice going
Do it any time you feel like I tell him
In fact if they give me any flack about it just hold up that middle finger say jump on Z tell your friend
She gets paid out of the sea. It's it's not like it matters what he gets paid hourly so he wasn't
Understand that listen
It's what did you give me yesterday like what was that by said bokeh and George says oh that means a whole lot of reflex
You ask what it means you are you know something I think that what certain people around town are saying about you
It's gonna be all right. It's all true
Of course they're saying it behind your back. We see one thing about me and
And this is this is what makes me such a hard-hearted bastard, but also what is what makes me so successful and
And you're a good one to talk because you're always feeding me stuff and saying oh well
Don't say that I told you blame it on somebody else and then of course, right? Well people stop talking to me if you blame me
The hell they will that'll be the end of all that you know
They talk to me because they know you're gonna tell me and I'll put it on here
That's exactly why they do it
Anyway, what I was about to say to Chris is that we had 1171 votes yesterday including we got over a thousand
It was right down to the wire there because yesterday was our first day of not doing I hate this poll no mole
Oh, yeah, that's right and we're not doing it on here today either and we're still gonna do we got eight hundred and twelve today already
It's only ten ten eleven Eastern daylight time. We're gonna do it easy. It's in the bag
Huh to the bag. It's in the bag. It's in the bag dad 1171 votes yesterday
Something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy is masturbation to 131 winning hands down your pants
Which is a good way to start the jury's fingers show 150 the Carpenters 143 George played both cool Carpenters music yesterday
Man, it was great. I enjoyed it. I was a little bit more here. You know
Good by the love if you have good by the love I'll actually send you a long distance kiss. I bet you don't have it
Well, just just get me off the hook for this fax fiasco for old times call it even one moment. Please you know
Peter is still a slow I'll say goodbye
That's good song. Yes, it has and you know what the Richard Carpenter wrote you know that the wild guitar riff at the end of the song
When it just the guitarist goes nuts
It's really good little rock. Oh, no Carpenters. I don't have it. No, I'll find it
You better have good by the love by the Carpenters. Mr. your ass is grass and then you might have smoking it
I'll get it. Yeah, well something I claim to hate but secretly enjoy is Niels polls 109 country music 102. Oh
Fae
Vanilla ice cream 101
Fae
Homosexuality 82 now we're talking
Horror 64
Yeah, that's my favorite station horror 64
4 053
Rack music 43 then he arrived to show 39 and I should have been a much higher total, but they are still lying religion 27
Yeah, I hate claimed to hate it, but I really love it
In fact, I am rubbing my armpit with my mizuza right now kind of chafes a little bit the public in 18 and Democrats
So I'm going to be in the way, so talk to know they only nine that impressive that I can speak like I'm so bisexual and bilingual
That is a red that I'm not bisexual because then I'd be involved with women and that of course is the
That's the root to a hell is what George always tells me so I'm delighted that I'm not the end of it all
That's the beginning of the end. That's the end of the end, but yeah
To reach its own
That's what I always say whatever cranks your chain maybe have a great time and forget about all of a sudden a
Huzzarai because that's all it is man. It's all about your baloney all a bunch of baloney
It's not even kosher just ask Oscar Meyer hilltide. He's a boy with a phony Jewish name
827 votes what's your take you know something this could be a good show today because I'm in coherent
I'm just rambling a bunch of crap maybe because it's wood buying Wednesday and
I missed all week at wood buying last week and that bad man a shame a
Thad a shame so where's good battle by the Carpenter's mother? I'm just feeling it as we speak good
And I know what you like that song yes, I do I like it all I feel like I've got a pulled groin or something here
You know me like a her again
Get out of here pull this your
What else I heard you have that all the time
If you only knew mister if you only knew I'm glad I don't
What's your take on these shootings in Virginia Tech that's our poll today 827 votes guns are too easy to get 301
It's the American F and wait 264 that obviously is the correct answer
Schmidt happens 107 isolated incident 82. Yeah, just another isolated incident 33 dead people don't F with my gun 60 okay
You say okay with your hands up in the air course and I don't care 13 13 very very humane
The
latest
She's a part of mine
Don't look back from radio
All the mission from mine
True, murder
The need to watch the show
I saw her singing with her hope then
When I put my sleep on
On the foot they told she said
Well
She take them all out one by one
Oh my god
Oh hey, just so that victory way
That joyous grace that's thinking's can't keep it
Hey we hate you, Joy's new
Do a lot of hating on the show
We don't hate to pull anymore as of yesterday
But we hate joy still
That's never gonna change
Is it? No
Not anytime soon
Twenty past ten we got no Marlon game until the night
How do they do last night, Chris?
What are the enemies?
They lost
They lost again
They're on the six and seven I believe
Are they under 500 now?
I guess so and I think about
Four of the losses are all because of Jorge Hulu
Well, let's do something about his ass
Fire
Uh now let me just ask you this question
Because you certainly know that Craig Vigio is still playing for the Astros
Correct
Miguel yesterday who of course is supposed to be the baseball expert and the radio expert and all these other
He's supposed to be the expert prevert he didn't know that
I only know it's Hispanic players
Oh I see a friend of that
Yeah Craig that's right Craig is from a Brooklyn like I said
He always looked good to me Craig Vigio but now he's old and you know get great
Australia's Prime Minister yesterday said the Virginia Tech shooting show that America's gun culture was a negative force in society
And he happens to be even though he's an idiot he happens to be a miser
Absolutely correct sir
Praising his country's efforts to enact tough gun laws after a similar massacre 11 years ago
John Howard who's an absolute raving lunatic
State his political leadership
Pushing through the strict gun ownership laws after Martin John Bryant armed with a bag full of automatic weapons
Went on a killing spree in the tourist resort of Port Arthur and Southern
Tasmania state April 28th
1996 35 people that either that one
The conservative Howard a strong ally of President Bush like I said a
Crazy person said the Virginia Tech shootings with a kind of tragedy. Hope we're never be seen again in Australia
You can never guarantee these things won't happen again in our country Howard told reporters
We had a terrible incident in Port Arthur, but it is the case that 11 years ago
We took action to limit the availability of guns and we showed a national result that the gun culture is such a negative in US
Would never become a negative in our country said the gun culture that is such a negative in the United States
Even an idiot like him even an old funny that he stodgy piece of terror like John Howard knows that
The new gun laws in Australia which banned military style weapons and toughened licensing and storage restrictions
Well unpopular among farmers and other gun owners that are key supporters of Howard's conservative coalition
The government paid owners to take more than 600,000 firearms off their hands and national buyback scheme
Experts say the laws have probably helped keep violent crime rates down
Though gun ownership advocates say there's no proof laws of Mid-Australia safer when you ask yourself this question
Okay, where would you rather be would you rather be like in downtown?
Geneva, New York where nobody maybe has a gun or stuff maybe a hundred and people like that
Or would you rather be like in downtown Miami?
Ha ha I ask you that question would you rather be in downtown Detroit walking around on the streets?
Somebody got pissed off and fired up
Thanks to Russell and Coco by the way and we hadn't seen that and said I just got home and tuned in
Well, it's only 22 after 10
Guess what they're talking about on CNN by the way
Dr. Chris Flynn director of the Cook Counseling Center is there is counseling with students on the fact that all these all the shooting and
Craft is going on around them and what a fantastic job. What a marvelous job
The university did and law enforcement did and really getting on at the on the case real fast not
There's a picture again of that South Korean goofball his roommate city was suicidal. You didn't say a
Gookball did you I said goofball? Oh, mister. I didn't right are you starting with that goof stuff now?
I got a story about that as a matter of fact right here
I don't want to sit here and like
Iracculate for four hours. Although it is would buy Wednesday
In the moments after they suspected killer of 32 students faculty and staff whose picture whose ugly I don't know if he's really that ugly
When you come right down to it
Maybe it's just those nasty. He's got those you know how Asian people out of them they were those glasses like he's got
Are you looking at the picture now? No, but those little round ones. Yeah. Yeah
That's an Asian thing. I mean, I'm not saying that only Asians whether if he had some decent glasses on
He might have been not too bad looking not that that makes any difference
I mean he's still a slime ball
But if he was better looking I might feel more sympathetic like you know, Treda but he whispered he talked in whisper
It's very anti-social and a loner which they should have known right off the bat
In the moments after they suspected killer of 32 students faculty and staff was identified in a press conference
In Virginia Tech groups rapidly formed on social networking sites on the internet referring to the 23-year-old student
Chose soon we in the most derisive of terms
In fact, Georgia said something about get him off the gook hook
Some
Some messages seem to have negative racial overtones. How do you like that?
Call we had yesterday from that idiot saying oh he was the victim of racial how do you know what he was right up until yesterday
Nobody in the world ever heard of this idiot and all of a sudden everybody's an expert what he did this and he did
Get out of here. Everybody's an armchair quarterback
Maybe that's who the dolphins are the draft is an armchair quarterback
Couldn't be any worse than the ones that they've had last many many since Danny boy hung it up
If Danny's got anything left in the tank
What do you think maybe that's maybe that's the solution?
For this year's is often problems because it's going to be a long bad season again. You know that don't you Chris gonna be really bad now
We're going all the way this year
Jimmy and Danny
Yeah, let's play Jimmy and Danny till two o'clock
Anyway a
Screen cap taken within moments of the announcement of the suspected killer's name
See what is a screen cap? I don't know what that means
That means you got you when you see a picture online and you capture it
Capricory picture from the screen as a screen cap. See. I mean, I'm an obvious of this stuff. I don't know if you like in one grab
Now you know I do have who's that new friend we got under yesterday the Serbian stallion hmm
Uh
Anyway
Oh, I listen to me. I get I get weaker than the
Sure, hopefully we got her away. He's somebody see that you know even when it's a crank profile
That somebody when they steal somebody else's pictures at least it's a picture of a real person. You know what I'm saying?
Right and I look at that and I
Like that I get very emotional a screen can't take over the moments of the announcement of the suspected killer's name showed several of the groups formed by use
Users of the popular social networking site Facebook and of course these are more popular in your Facebook
One such group. I can't read the first word F. It's the F word F
Choshong hui rapidly populated with hundreds of members and almost as many angry messages F'em
One Virginia Tech student voices anger at the suspect. I want to drag his body to the middle of the drill field and shoot him till I run up a ammo
He wrote
The group also became a focal point for outburst with racist overtones
Just cussed this bastard. It just cussed this bastard's an asian doesn't give him any way out of being disliked
He came to America he abused his visa this group has nothing to do with him being asian
But anyway about about it. F is asian ass user the side row. F is asian ass. He wrote no
Not me still the group. It also had asian members to identify with its goals
This kind of asian is not promote the asian culture but gives us a bad name
I'm not Korean but yeah, I'm equally ashamed of what happened the person wrote
It's all illiterate and I could read the what they wrote, but that's colored students for
And another group member tried to defend against charges or racism
This is kind of funny how just cause the group's name says F Choshong hui
Everyone's automatically thinking this group is anti asian or something. It's not look at the name
It's the f'ing stupid killer that took 32 lives then killed himself like a coward
Everyone is like oh this group is anti asian get a grip he wrote
Oh this group is anti asian several hours. Oh like I said about the Serbian sagan. Oh
Oh yeah
At Facebook, they're also pretty to be multiple photos posted claiming to the fake mistered show however the pictures didn't match
Concerned with miss identifying the suspect was raised by the case of Wayne Chang of Virginia takes to an evasion descent
Who's a gun enthusiast and have been fingered by some as the killer he had been fingered by some notorious period
Right now pretty much the internet is thinks it's me Chang said at the abc news website
I'm just interested in trying to clear my name
Ross story contacted Facebook for comment about their site usage policy
And whether or not there would be monitoring groups like the one in the aftermath of the virgin tech tragedy
But didn't receive a response
In your face or in your place or even in your my space
Spread them and say cheese so I can get convoluted in a lot of different ways
And I want to thank my guest today now you're the one who was betrayed yes and you're the partner who strayed from your relationship
Of course and how many times have you been with another woman since you've been married more than a thousand
Okay, why Hillary was a great ride but not good enough sounds that make you feel very very ugly
She says he started gagging at the side of her body flabby stomach sagging chest stretch marks. She was a pig. Hey
She spent 20 grand on plastic surgery hoping her husband would only have eyes for her
Yes, but she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful no because you've cheated since the surgery, right?
I couldn't stop now this woman that you were with Monday night. This was three women three all at one time
Of course, okay, I never wanted that night to end
Are you listening to this yeah, you got a serious decision to make he believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored
You need to get a divorce and move on are you willing to do that? Are you absolutely not can you understand he was with somebody Monday night
You bet I did Hillary was all for it
In fact, I procured women for Bill. I was so proud of her. Okay. I mean are you cool with it? Yes
If not I would be gone
I knew it would blame him she's got a trineman chance in hell you'll see man
Barack is gonna pass her like she's laid out prone on the floor and who'd I would want to see that
Speaking of flow we got 904 boy Christmas be really impressed. Oh, we had over 900 already in the first hour one
So how's it going and you got your toner car for gender what no, but there's a little bit of leftover toner
I shook it and
Autobiost enough time until the other stuff shows up all right. Oh, so that's how I've been getting this stuff from you here right and
That's hooking up the speed dial over here. You got a connected to the computer
And you got the delivered when that toner cartridge shows up
We're gonna have a party right here on the air the likes of what you have never ever seen here
Huh we got beer
Well, I don't want to play the whole thing because you know, it's not there yet. I don't want a premature evaluation is what I don't want right
In other words when you actually had that toner cartridge installed in that machine mind there will be some celebration music
And when the first and when you send me the first facts from that machine
I read it, huh you read it. Oh
That was from that machine out of the old
Yes, well in that case. These how come you I got out of that man
Yeah, so you can play that about 150 times until I get back to
Yeah
Little premature celebration. Yeah, we've only got a little bit of toner cartridge and Georgia shaking it and baking it
And maybe if I have Chris sit on it, maybe that'll squeeze a little extra something out of it a little extra juice or maybe you could have Josh Friedman sit on it
He always had a little bit of naval juice that would oh god. Yeah, I know that's not what we were doing
I got this for a man. I wouldn't touch those facts is even with your hand. Oh
Roar gross. All right, let's come on. Let's not be yuckin' it up here. Okay. It's a very solemn day
Yeah, you're present even made the parents yesterday. Oh, yeah
Was anybody buying that? No, not even a little bit
910 votes on the pool. Well, we're gonna be closing it on a thousand by 11 o'clock. It might be a good day
It would buy today. I'm gonna find me a good machine mind
What's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech rhymes with Drek
910 vote and if I click that view correct, I was 913 you see that that was magical
God, I got like a little twinge in my testicles when that happened. Wow
In fact, if I could do that a lot. Oh, it's ease
Thought hard yourself
What's your take on the shootings at Virginia Tech that's our full question. Of course here's this press conference now two students complained
But no threats were made by Cho Cho mama
And what did George call him before some kind of slant? He looked like he was slanty eyed to me
But you said something like that. Yeah, that's because you yes because you look at out of Florida too much
There aren't too many agents in Florida, which is very unfortunate because you know
There are a lot of agents here and they seem to be like peace abiding in the very
Smooth and horny and hot a lot of them, but anyway 913 votes. That's all I care about. I mean, you know me. I'm just that. I'm one dimensional
It's all I care about they look good and they're ready and cooperative and uh, you know
Clean what's your take on shootings at Virginia Tech guns are easy as a matter of fact. I don't remember the kids name there was one of the
Kids that kept showing on the news mark somebody or other he was like one of the computer wizards
Know I'm talking about no
Anyway, I do
Guns are too easy to get 326. It's the American effort away 293 you bet your sweet acid is man
Get angry get a gun and blow a bunch of people away or at least one or two, but preferably a whole bunch of them
Schmidt happens 119 that's a good excuse. That's the American excuse. Oh, yeah crap happens
isolated incident 96 sure nobody gets shot in America
Don't have with my guns 63 it's good to notice that we're not getting a free today by the
FF uh you uh RP whatever that is
There's that kid again with those glasses. That's what I'd be worried about anybody whether they're Asian or not
It was glasses like that now how come it's forehead is that just the shining a reflection on his forehead or is it his or
They like sweating grease at the market of beast. I think it's the market of beast if he acts me
Looks like the beast set on his forehead
Going in with my gun 63 and I don't care 16 is not lovely. How about you had that by the bucking hands
Or is it don't you care? Are we always called it? I don't care and that's nothing in the song
It's don't you care. I think you're right and where's goodbye to love by the carpenters? Don't know
It is yeah, just wait
Okay
Oh, we got so many things to look forward to today. I got a headache just thinking about it
Like woodbind
See I missed the whole weekend woodbind being enhanced to them
Not good
In fact that was probably a week I would have gotten lucky at the machine
But you know what did make any difference because I still got lucky
You're right the second time. Don't you care
Don't
Yeah, I know that that's what I said right said I was called I don't care
Verifying and boy you that's not the name you saw don't you care? I mean
Right right the bucking hands which is contemporaneous with of course the crying shames
Now do I put that in the oh I did
It makes me want to cry because they were so good. I mean no not that they'd still be around or anything like that
But it was such a good group and they just like vanished in the thin air
It's a crying shame you know
You walk along
Don't you just love that it could be worn long and of course up on my I do I actually do and even Chris liked it a little better
I'll just say that to agree with you because you know how I hate to do that
Except behind my back right
George actually doesn't talk to me on my back he agrees with me behind
But to my face he always is this is my recommendation thanks for much more entertaining show
I can't stand there's nothing worse than having somebody kissing your ass on the
Oh, don't you agree? Oh, oh, oh, whatever you say any I man I man that Charles it did the news there any I man
That's that's about the best thing that happened all that is that Charles is probably out on a street looking for a job to
Oh, he's probably they probably got him doing news on F.A.N. or something when you think I imagine a but sucker like the union up there
So yeah, I man well I man and that Bernie McQuirk
Quirk well all those guys what a lot of bunch of losers including civicators Rosencrantz who must be really
Uh, Donum of Dumps now that he hasn't got a show to go back to him and the John to go back to
You got to
Get the credit
You're taking a blow good morning americans. It's Paul Harvey stand by for news a young ventriloquist is touring the clubs and one night
Is doing a show in a small club in a small town in Arkansas. I'll say it again. It's a small town a small club
In Arkansas with his dummy on his knee. He's going through his usual dumb blonde jokes when a blonde woman in the fourth row
stands on her chairs and begins to shout I've heard
Enough of your stupid blonde jokes. What makes you think you can stereotype women that way
What does the color of a person's air have to do with their whole worth as a human being?
It's men like you who keep women like me from being respected at work and on and on and on and on
and on
The ventriloquist is in barris and begins to apologize when the blonde yells you stay out of this mister
I'm talking to that little jerk on your knee Paul Harvey. Good day. Good day
1046 14 before and I'll let's see let's take a look at the schedule yet today because obviously everybody's on the engine
Their seats waiting to see who's on first
Mad dog at two they power out with mad dog and hang together four to five
Hump or five to six thirty in the studio if we can sandwich him in over the crowbar
Marlon deck at six thirty marlins in the mess at seven oh five well at least that's a different opponent anyway
Marlins in the mess seven oh five and gain night after the game with Eddie Kaye till one o'clock in the morning
It's like a bird. Oh, I can't believe
You don't believe the last part there
Whether your guitar goes nuts. I love this. Oh, we can arrange that right now
Nothing went too far too far in which are far back that baby up a little bit when it's out back it out
Here we go. There we go
Here's it
Oh
Oh
Oh
All right, who's maybe that's why I got that exit's gone the pain in my groin you'll be really to know I'm relieved
Wasn't really a pain in the groin who's just I was sitting kind of like in a strange position. Yeah a fat guy
Glenn and Danbury Connecticut writes and I'm really getting a little aggravated with Glenn
I have no idea who he is, but I'm still aggravated with him anyway. He says I know you're now disavowing Keith Oberman
I'm not disavowing him. I'm not watching him. I don't want anything to do with him
I am not going to recommend him. I'm not going to
Just screw him
How many dread as they say in uislavia? I always say as they say in uislavia and they're ain't no uislavia. So that goes to show you
But last night since then he made a valid point that nobody recognizes the 32 kids that were killed in Iraq last week
We're about the same ages as those killed in Virginia with the same aspirations of getting education
They got in life. Well, he's full of crap anyway because everybody recognizes that if they care about it
Is that these all these soldiers that are over there most of them are like under the age of a hundred
And most of them got their whole lives ahead of them or at least they did have and the ones that come back were like no legs
And with no arms and no eyes and no head and stuff like that. It's a bad thing Glenn. It's a bad thing
Like that was really profound. Okay. I'm sick and tired of kissing Keith Oberman's ass because he was the one guy
That have the balls to come on there and the rip bush and ass that he so virtually deserve big deal big sin is
Okay, it's all news now Keith
And it was a really now wasn't that interesting that that occurred?
We never would have known that yesterday about telling us about the few that was going on between Oberman and I miss all those for three years
Yeah, that no idea and that Oberman was behind the scenes trying to get
I miss fired all the time and his little regard is I had for I miss being I mean a dead man in the chair and making seven million a year from
Mumbling with one day every day
Regardless I'm not into those kind of people the backstabbers
So you got that by the OJs the backstabbers
I bet you got lipstick traces by the OJs too. That's one of my favorite songs now these boxes that are coming over
These out with a new toner are they yes the toner is in oh wait a minute two cans of it. Thank you Angie
You know I love her cans of it. Well two cartridges. She ordered me a couple one for now and cans
What are you talking about come on?
The carton the boxes the packages
Yeah
Yeah
Now what is that chair for Johnny Yo-Yo baby
What do you want to hear by the OJs?
Backstabber. No the second one you said
Let's trick traces. Yeah, I don't know
Well that's a good thing. Yeah, this is the backstabber. Yes it is
Oh
So they grant is this one of those ones they grant then I like it when they grant. Yeah
I always make this song extra special and it runs you say right makes it sound like they're enjoying themselves when they're
gearing somebody's enjoying them yeah
9.54 on the pole already man we are kicking big smelly soundly and
I'll start with that after stuff again. Telling you
Don't talk
This is song about George who likes to talk behind my back all the time just that's
Chris
I think they who also likes to talk behind my back we could call you an advocate what can you do
She always know
What they do maybe talking behind your back
Wow see that cartridge in there the first facts has already come across here in the forward. I want to thank Angie officially
I love her. I think she loves me. Uh, who is that she's the the sales
Secretary assistant
Who pulled this off for me?
Got the office people to drive it off for you. Yeah
And how do we swing that in other words the station is actually paying for 200
Carpets that call over there on the hands of me. You're 70 bucks American. I said Angie
I'll do anything you want anyway you want me to do it. Yeah, but you are sure that
And uh, yeah, and she ran like a son. He did it. Look at his split
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha like I said
Whoo
Okay, let's get back to the important stuff. Okay, I then it is a two more shooting victims confirmed
I'm gonna tell you they're sure taking their time. It's Wednesday already from Penn State
And Jared Lane a senior civil engineering student from narrowes Virginia
See, this is the tragic part like I told you a country where you know human life is like like refuse like garbage
It's just like it doesn't mean anything that could never be a great country where human life is as cheap as uh
tap water
Chose so much we
Exited warning signs long before his early shooting spree on the Virginia Tech campus fellow students and professors be saying
As disturbing details emerges about the resident alien from south Korea students gathered by the thousands in the heart of their campus last night for a candlelight visual
They were all going by rural hot taught and that's isn't black bird their Virginia unless
La Rue hot taught an eye beret pre-haw guffin and they started drinking the wine
Meanwhile one professor recalled being so concerned about chose anger that she took him out of another instructor's creative writing class and taught him one on one
Ah, I bet she did one on one my ass
The former chairwoman of the Virginia Tech English department Lucinda Roy or under her yesterday
Said the anger chore expressed in the fall 2005 course was palpable if not explicit it was palpable
ooh
Don't you love that word the anger was palpable you could feel it you could smell it. Oh, it's like crawling all of your body
Like a bunch of red ants
And two a choice former roommates also described his behaviors unusual saying that he had spoken of suicide and stock three women
Maybe who's just torn you think that was it?
Hey, somebody confirmed that show had been investigated last year for stalking a woman in person and by email
Roy meanwhile said the writings by Cho and English major were disturbing enough that she went to the police now the university officials to seek help
The threats seem to be underneath the surface. She said they were not explicit and the threat was the and that was the difficulty to pull these head
Yeah, they had a lot of difficulty obviously his instructor and fellow students also found his behavior in class
Inappropriate he was taking photographs of students without their permission especially
Oh, no especially under the desk. She said welcome wow
Now is that have you heard that no that's the first I heard that part of the story
He was taking photos of students without their permission especially under the desk
Perrector but without a clear threat nothing could be done
I'm where I made the decision to instruct him apart from other students
Taking photos of students without their permission under the desk in other words from the waste
Down or maybe if they'd have worn some clothing to class where he wouldn't have been taken in pictures
Well, what is that all about? I mean how can that go on? What do you mean? How can that go on? You just reach under your desk and snaps
That's not
That's what I'm saying, but how can that continue to go on without him getting physically dragged out of there and saying this is a crazy person
And you know how we feel on this show about
Crazy people, don't you yeah you especially George gets real nervous about crazy people their poison
960 votes on the pool I told you we got a thousand licked and boy Chris is really impressed
That's why he took off yesterday
Because the pressure of course
I think you were a little bit nervous about not having I hate this pool as a quetch to fall back on
Yeah, I had to take that first day off to take on the shootings of Virginia Tech
960 votes I bet you've I clicked that thing there 961 you see there's another one
There's another one
Are all these kids Irish or something now this kid is named Taylor Reese Shapiro
He's Jewish and he looks like that
He's a staff writer a collegiate times of Virginia Tech
He's Jewish with a name like Taylor Reese Shapiro first of all
Kind of a due name just kid Taylor Reese are EES obviously he's got something in the mix
He's got something in the mix like that pasty Irish complexion of the Jewish name I say
He's okay he would do in a pinch
What's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech guns are too easy to get 348
It's American F and away 309 Schmidt happens baby 121 Schmidt happens
I slated into 101
Don't F with my gun 66 and I don't care still 16 you 16 people I'm gonna take it right now
We're gonna find some angry South Korean guy. We're gonna round your asses up all 16 year
We're gonna like do it alive on here in the station. Don't get this in publicity
So I get I guess this is gonna come out of that big promotional a budget those two-toner cartridges that they finally bought today
You show I'm before Lord and I'll excuse me
My bad excuse me
any questions
Real American a holes
We salute you mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
You'll love your crap around night after night just so some drunken slough can butcher piano man
Oh
Your equipment is state of the art your karaoke collection is the best
But you are 42 years old and you still live with mother
You fancy yourself as an entertainer, but does it really take any talent to introduce to and Josh singing margaritaville
So
Sure your cushy gif means you meet a lot of chicks
But they all smell like hot wings and look like John madden
So we salute you mr. karaoke host at the neighborhood bar guy
Your my space page your nine volt batteries and your posted notes
You are a real American a hole
Oh the karaoke guys got a my space page. Let's get them on right away. We have 13 or 29 friends on there by the way
And of course the serbian stag in is our newest what what are you laughing about
That's a funny name
Why is that
The serbian stag in who claims he lives in South Africa he gets around I guess he likes to spread it around
But anyway, let's not start getting it at that again, okay
974 votes in that first hour I mentioned that Chris is just pleased this punch about that
And probably even more pleased about the free food he got today now. Do you got any char hot today?
Yeah, we got our chicken finger ration
That we split
Chris didn't sound too enthusiastic when I asked that so he gave me more started answering he answered too
Yeah, but you know you say yeah
Nothing good. He's fantasizing about the day when we do get our own food order of whatever it is instead of sharing chicken fingers that you know
Chicken fingers my ass. I bet they do
This Supreme Court our Preventationwide ban on a controversial abortion procedure today bad news
Handing abortion opponents to the long awaited victory. They expected from the more conservative Nazi bench
The fight of forewarning said the partial birth abortion ban act the congress passed and President Bush cited law in 2003
Does not violate a woman's constitutional right to an abortion
The opponents of the act have not demonstrated that the act would be on constitutional large-fract and relevant cases
Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote the majority opinion
The decision pitted the court's conservatives against its liberals with president Bush's two appointees
Chief justice John Roberts and the most anxious justice Samuel Alito
citing with the majority
Justice's clearance token Thomas and Antonin Scalia the most anxious of them all also of course were in the majority
It was the first time the court banned a specific procedure in a case over how not whether to perform an abortion
As Bill Monroe used to say an abortion
Why he was from New England? No, he couldn't speak a bastion used to be a host. I need to press once upon a time in America
Bill Monroe. I bet he's dead a
abortion rights groups instead of the procedure sometimes is the safest for a woman
They also said that such a ruling could threaten most abortions after 12 weeks of pregnancy
Although government lawyers others were favor the ban so there are alternate more widely used procedures that remain legal
The outcome is likely this for efforts at the state level to place more restrictions on abortions
More than a million abortions of see the government can't keep their nose out of your body
That's the they know they can't keep their nose out keep your nose out you get skis you crazy people you
More than a million abortions have performed in the US each year according to recent stats nearly 90% of those occur in the first 12 weeks of pregnancy
Not affected by today's ruling
Not affected six federal courts have said that the law was in focus today
Was an impermecible restriction on a woman's constitutional right to an abortion the law bans a method of ending a pregnancy
Rather than limiting when an abortion can be performed today's decision is alarming alarming just this Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote in the
sent she said the ruling refuses to take seriously
Seriously previous Supreme Court decisions on abortion
She said it's alarming. What does she know if she's Jewish you know
Ruth Bader Ginsburg. I wonder she's kind of Arnie Ginsburg you know Arnie Wu-Woo Ginsburg from WMEX and her car hop. Yes
Let's go to Rocky Hand Park in Salem, New Hampshire
Now, what is this Chinese laundry thing is this a joke? Yeah, it's a joke
But I'm just excited to be able to fact something so I'm not being real picky right now. Now did you read it?
Yes
It's okay. It says funny Chinese laundry won't was unhappy with the way her laundry was done the local Chinese laundry
So she wrote a note and put it in the bag with the next collection of sore clothing use more soap on panties
She got the clean laundry back and was still dissatisfied with the results
So the following week she imposed another note use more soap on panties
The Chinese laundry man became very annoyed and when her clean laundry was delivered a container note from him
I used plenty soap on panties use more paper on ass. It's said
Well, that's that's disgusting. Yeah kind of amusing though. Thank you so much. We were sent that in and it came over our facts machine
It came being sent from that facts machine
It's not got a toner cartridge in it. You see how easy it is to change those things now
What does it say when it says so change drum soon when it says what change drum soon? Is that different than the toner?
This is an actually say that yeah, I don't know what that means. Oh, no the drum cost you like 300 bucks. Are you kidding me? No, I'm not
I've got one. I'm maybe I do have one sitting on the floor. Yeah
So you're gonna be ordering one of those huh? Oh
This recondition used the thing and had something that was like basically all out out. It's porter reconditioned
Well, that's craft
His face drum soon the one good thing is the drum last for like forever in a day, but
You know something? I'm not today because it's with my Wednesday, but tomorrow. I'll look it on it
All right, you can expense that you know
I'm not gonna work spent anything okay the kind of money that I'm making here. I'm a it's just embarrassing
And believe you me. I got a whole no case of a fast paper in the closet now my closet is full
But no people and it just uh office supplies. I got 600 cartridges sitting on the floor
And maybe get some mo
Mo
While smoking marijuana is never and you know something. Oh, here's a call wq. I am hello
I put a bomb under Chris. Yeah, okay
Yeah, you dropped a bomb. I'll write it and smell it all the way up here
While smoking marijuana is never good for the lungs. It's active ingredient in pot
They help fight lung cancer in the research shows how do you like that?
Smoke a big fat one and fight lung cancer
Harvard University researchers have found in both laboratory and mouse studies that THC cuts tumor growth in half
In common lung cancer while I'm peeding with cancer's ability to spread
The calmsia I think everybody needs to go to hamster dam. You're one of them big to to to tumors
Remember that line in the the movie great center you to tumor
Controver. He didn't say that tumor. What I said that
The compounds and talk about the stereotype. Oh boy
Poor tumor all he had to do was start singing that old man river
You know that was that would have been bad, but
Too many nasty stereotypes every minority group could stereotype in the movies on TV every place you go
The compounds seem to have a suppressive effect on certain fines of
Lines this pretty so damn small. Yeah, you yeah, I don't know
Yeah, uncertain lines of cancer cells explain doctor Len Horowitz another Jew a pulmonary specialist at Lennox Hills hospital in New York City another Jewish doctor
Maybe don't go to any glam if you're gonna go to a doctor
Although I go to that doctor Bush with the air Cleveland. He owns some I don't know. Is he Jewish?
I don't know the name like that. He could be I'll ask him next time you Jew
According to researchers THC fights lung can't help say to me you mo
And I'll say yeah, and I'll go back low
According to the researcher is THC fights lung cancer by curbing
epidermal growth factor eGF a molecule that promotes the growth in spread of especially aggressive non small cell lung cancers
It seems to go to ECF receptor sites on cells and have it growth set Horowitz was not involved in the study
The findings are preliminary however another outside experts urged caution
It's an interesting laboratory study
But you have to go through enough
Additional animal studies to make sure the effect is reproducible and to make sure that there are no overt
Toxic effects at dr. Norman Edelman another Jew doctor achieve medical officer the American lung association
Are there any questions doctors as your hope not?
Or dentists? I wonder how I wonder how my old dentists guys doing over there in Pemberton lakes dr. Gary why?
I got a great dentist here is Russian best
Tom is slow down Jew I'm very important Tom slow down
The findings were uh, you know he takes his time
Believe me he likes to inflict a lot of pain remember I had that a couple of weeks there where I had those dendett dental stuff going
Oh, I'm getting tongue-tied just thinking about it
And they jammed at rubber ball and you're like kind of like the one that Jennifer Conley had there in
Requiem
And then then with the dentist and the hygienist could ask to ask then I still can really nerve
You know because you like to captive you're like
Chained out of that cherry and Elaine back in the proposition and you got that rubber ball in your mouth
The findings
I don't know what's so funny about that, but it just it just struck by funny boat. You know, I mean
Mm-hmm the fine
Just envisioning that is just unnazitating thoughts, especially my dentist and his hygienist. Oh, oh
Give me the creeps. They're gonna be presented at the annual meeting of the American Association for Cancer Research in LA
Long cancers that everyone cancer killer in the world and if you stop smoking us fangots all you smokers out there
You wouldn't be having to worry about stuff like this
Long tumors that overproduce the EGF receptor tend to be extra aggressive and don't respond while the chemotherapy
THC is the main active ingredient of cannabis marijuana
It's been shown to inhibit tumor growth in cancer, but specific information on the intersection against lung cancer
So far we're limited of course
It's been limited because you know the establishment don't want to come up with any good news about marriage
Because that it's bad for business bad for the DEA and put all those vatures out of a job
See that's a self-fulfilling prophecy that holds the EA thing because they know that they're never gonna stop people from doing drugs
And getting stolen wherever they want to do so they just continue hiring all these people and paying them a lot of money
So it's just about your crap, you know, so you want me cuts down on domestic violence a lot
What's that?
Pine. Oh in your house. I'm sure yeah. Oh, can you even begin to imagine? Oh, George wasn't stolen most of the time
This we've got we've reached a epic moment here. Oh geez look at that
A thousand and two votes on the show on the pool
What have we got here, huh? Not too bad and it's just that it's the first break after 11 o'clock
I bet you're pleased as much about that. I bet you're shocked as probably because Miguel was doing the show yesterday
I'm 60 UAM received a memo from our main artist
We at Peasley Reed have always believed the less money to be made the less work to do and we appreciate your efforts to please one another
With sports related feggery, but now that we're almost out of business
Measures must be taken to raise our negative morning number to at least a point one by actually providing a product to sell in the morning
That being said
560 QAM presents I'm a and JJ
With
The best
is
I'm over-playing with this new fax machine over here trying to send a faxie something.
How difficult is it to fax something for a crime or a lie?
Well, no, it's just where I happen to be at the time.
2015, both on the pool.
You know what I'm thinking, Eric?
Because it's wood buying Wednesday.
Well, let the audience in a little...
I mean, they already know this because I've talked about it before.
But like on Wednesday early, I sent Eric, I fax him a poll for the next day for tomorrow,
as opposed to doing the afternoon, because I'm not going to be here in the afternoon.
Get it?
Got it.
So he's already got it up there to switch.
All right.
Or wouldn't that be something if we pull the switch on him right now, a switch room?
All right.
That sounds really exciting.
Let's do want to do it?
No.
Why not?
Well, give me something to do this afternoon.
Give you something to do it.
It takes like two seconds to get out of here.
Get out of here.
I like it my day.
I'm not listening to you.
You can go home and take a nap.
You know what?
You can shut off that thing on there.
It's going to wake you up to change the poll.
I'm printing this out right now.
Here we go.
Went and doubt printed out and pulled switch, but I bing.
Hit that thing.
Eric goes, because I like this one for tomorrow.
And it's also from Charlie B.
Charlie B.
He's the poll man.
Remember the soul man with Sam and Dave?
Well, this is the poll man without Sam or Dave.
Here's the new poll.
Facts going up there right now.
Let's see.
I'm voting for the first one.
Crazy as Schmidt.
I like the ones that are words in it that I have to change the word on it.
Like Gucci bang, things like that.
There we go.
There's the first vote.
It's the old one.
Crazy as Schmidt.
Sam and Dave.
That's not soul man.
Is it?
Sure it is.
I thought that's the one that's coming.
Is that what's going on?
Come and take it.
Huh?
No.
Hold on.
I'm coming.
It's different.
Okay.
It sounds like the Eddie K. Show.
He's big and all that crap.
I mean, that's a good song.
Oh, that's hold on.
I'm coming.
But we can't say that anymore.
You know, I'm not be standing on the radio.
You never.
Notice that Nifty talk up.
It was 1121 votes today's poll is closed with it.
How do you like that?
It's closed.
If you missed out voting on it too bad, you lose.
What's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech?
To be honest with you, what do you think is a make what their take is?
What do you think is a make?
Because it's not going to stop.
It isn't going to end anything.
Nobody is going to, as a matter of fact, I got an article in my gigantic pile here that
Congress is like, oh, they have no interest in any more gun laws.
Everybody should have a lot of guns and get pissed off while someone blows away.
What's as fast as you just sent me here on the new one.
It's a speaking of smoking pot.
I'd be willing to bet Joyce's life on the proposition that 99.9% of these gunnites likely
Virginia Tech killer were not pot smokers.
By the way, why is it that the media is second-guessing the president of Virginia Tech, but
none of them second-guess, W and Chaney at all, for not shooting down the plane to hit the second tower,
which was more worth the second-guessing?
Excellent.
Pleasure.
Absolutely correct as usual, but don't confuse the media with the facts.
And you want to know why you shouldn't confuse the media with the facts?
The media is sick and you can't be happy.
Amen.
Anyway, 2021 votes, what's your take on the shootings of Virginia Tech?
Guns are too easy to get, 377.
In America, anyway, throw out and buy them in a candy store.
They all have like two Mars bars, a zigzag and a zag nut, not a zigzag, a zag nut, and
a zigzag and a 45.
Somebody said to you, I have a 45, but if I could gun or a record, you'd need a number of records?
Yeah, I remember.
One of the graph records?
All you've punched out there, they don't have records, man.
You have no idea what you're missing.
You just have to scratch your crap.
Anyway, guns are too easy to get, 277.
It's the American F and way 323.
Schmidt happens 130.
Icelated Incident, 106.
Yeah, nobody gets shot in America.
These things just happen once in a blue moon by the Mars cells, blue moon.
I bet you got it.
I'm sure you do.
Oh, yeah.
One of course, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, like that.
Blue moon.
Don't effort my gun 68 and I don't care.
17.
All right, 10.
Move, 10, 10.
I don't think you can play an I think it's just a diva.
Do I still have proof of that?
One more time, though.
I like the bomb, bomb, bomb, here.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
See that's nice.
Yeah, yeah.
Blue moon.
Okay, let's see, the Mars cells.
Okay, let's take a look at the new pool.
Here's the one we just put up.
And now you don't have to change the pool.
This is all the way for tomorrow.
I like this.
So this is pretty nifty.
It's the nifty 50.
And how can I don't understand that?
Oh, I see.
I went back.
I didn't realize you could do that.
That's very interesting.
When a religion restricts you to certain foods on certain days,
or forbids you to eat them at all,
that is blank.
27 votes on there are pretty quick.
Crazy is Schmidt 17.
Amen.
I'll say amen to that.
Don't be eaten.
I have my bacon this morning.
You know, something is a protest.
I might have some more.
Hmm.
I think during the next break I'm going to make me up another batch.
Bacon too.
27 votes.
Crazy is Schmidt 17.
Something I'm glad I have no part of for.
Fah!
I'm not participating in this butch or crap.
An idea foolish people came up with not God for.
Certainly not.
Damn God!
A law you better comply with if you're burning hell one.
Hard for me to obey one.
Something I do because I'm weak.
None.
Something I, I a religious person,
violate all the time.
None.
Assign my obedience to God.
None.
And so unfair.
I'm missing out on some good eats.
None.
How's that possible?
Governor says patients asked condolences be sense of the grieving families.
Well, isn't that special?
Does that make you feel better?
Nope.
That condolences are being sense of the grieving families.
Let's send our condolences.
Let's have another candle light vigil.
Let's say another prayer.
Let's have I see a little prayer.
Now, do you have it by Dean Warwick or your re-through of Franklin?
Both.
Both, do you really?
And?
Well, hang on.
Now, let's see.
What else did I, what?
We got them all in there.
We got good nights, a good bite of love by the company.
What?
Next.
Here we go.
There's the Dean one.
Yeah.
It's a little, uh, workback-lish.
Did you not write it?
It's a good, right, all-work stuff.
Ooh, yes.
Keep it up, ooh.
Yeah, a little, a little too syrup.
And then.
And you like that, huh?
Nailed that bitch.
Hey, how's your psychic outline coming by the way, Dean?
Oh, this is your re-through.
Can we sit down here?
No.
You re-through?
She's really fat, baby.
That's why I'm like she.
But you ever noticed that fat people like other fat people like me
are like their cannon?
Right.
Because you can relate.
He's dead, by the way, with him comrades.
I wonder why?
He'd be cop show.
Because he was always waddling around like I do.
You know, fat people are very fond of other fat people.
Dom Delewese, I like Dom Delewese.
He's hysterical.
And you know, the interest it never dawned on me.
Other than the feeding friends, there's not one drop in.
That's the money, Junior.
From Faso.
That's got his voice on.
You ain't the only.
Well, it's not that there's that many drop in.
We need more Faso drop in.
Now the feeding friends, you know, Chris hasn't seen.
I like that.
Chris hasn't seen.
Chris hasn't seen.
A fat slob like, I mean Chris hasn't seen.
Faso.
I haven't with me.
I just haven't watched it.
You say that again.
I have it with me.
I haven't watched it.
No, it wouldn't mean you have it with me.
It was here in the studio in the movie.
Of course it was here.
So he said here, watch the damn thing.
And then why are you postponing it?
You think it's going to make you feel bad about fat?
Is that what it is?
No.
I'm fat.
I've been fat for like, let's see, 1960, how long is that?
Almost 50 years I've been fat.
I've been fat for a long time.
Since I went to Boston in 1961, whenever he was.
Boston.
Well, you talk about good food.
Man, man, man.
Prince Brigitte House.
All those great sub sandwiches there.
I might have.
And of course, Brigam's ice cream.
You don't mess with Brigam's ice cream.
There was horny little hot-fide Sundays.
Mmm.
Makes me think of the Serbian standings matter fact.
I got news for you being the old perverted fact that I am.
It doesn't take me too much to think about the Serbian stadion.
A lovely top little boy.
And now.
Absolutely.
A beautiful girl.
She should fill her conscience and just call it.
Wait, there's a foot showing up here.
And this girl's all you can do.
And your little, whiny boy.
And why are you looking at me?
Seven plates, slap the fat dog.
And lose that foaming heart.
All around the world.
He pulled the furrow.
Every single second that you are on stage.
Have your life got got no rage.
You don't find little ladies.
Where have we stayed, girl?
We brought up to the cause and the vast cost of nation.
And not wait till you're done.
You're in a combination.
Oh.
All around the world.
He pulled the furrow.
You're trying to see everybody's good.
Now you're more painful than a group of now.
And now you're full.
Everyone knows.
They're trying to find the world of charm.
All around the world.
He pulled the furrow.
He never liked the single second that you have some.
You're leaving first and will young heart.
27.0.0 to QM.
And it's almost lunch time.
Sorry for being a little bacon for lunch.
I had bacon for breakfast.
That's good.
Nice and real.
Can you hear how crispy it is crunchy?
Not good to be doing that before we disarticle.
In a very important article, it says,
Bush, almost human.
By Timothy Ghetto on smirkingchimp.com.
Or is that Ghetto as in Ghetto del Sol?
What does that mean?
The only good cat is a dead cat rotting in the sun.
It says, the only thing that George W. Bush will be remembered for is that he almost did something right.
He almost got bin Laden.
He almost got elected president legitimately.
He almost destroyed the nation.
And he almost finished his term before he got himself impeached with little help from big chaining al Bercht, Oganzalas.
The last almost is a work in progress.
I hope that he realizes that going to Virginia Tech and making that heartfelt emotional speech wasn't fooling anyone.
This man doesn't understand the concept of needless death.
He doesn't really understand the pain the other one feels when they're told that they'll never see their child again.
For no matter what the age of a person, for their mother and father, they will always be their child.
If he truly knew the meaning of needless, wanton death under cruel circumstances, he would never have begun his failure or in a rack.
He went to Virginia State when he never wants to see Cindy she encamped out in his driveway.
He minimizes the death that manifests itself in a rack day after day.
The government will allow pictures of caskets with a flag over them loaded into C5A galaxies.
God forbid that our people see those caskets and understand the true meaning of war.
There was good reason to go to Virginia Tech. Did you just crack your knuckles again or not?
I dropped my pen.
You didn't want?
Dropped my pen.
Then he dropped his pen or crack his knuckles, Chris.
Dropped his pen.
Okay.
I'm checking now.
Right.
Because the rumor I'm hearing that if you crack your knuckles too much you get Arthur Writers.
Yes, you do.
I want to crack my knuckles on my left and I know our friends as a kid.
And that's because I take visual capsules by the way that it?
Omega 369.
Didn't take you light fish.
Can't stand fish. That's why I take in capsule form.
There was good reason to go to Virginia Tech.
The parents and friends of those students senselessly gunned out by another maniac this society has produced.
And more important to his political standing than the parents of the soldiers that die in a rack.
The soldiers who die in a rack in the most part didn't come from wealthy families and could probably not pay for tuition,
which is probably the biggest reason they joined the service.
This is something I know a little about for I was a recruiter when we had more sensible government.
I'm not saying that the soldiers are somehow more important than those who died of Virginia Tech.
A life is a life and a young life coming to a violent end is the worst possible thing one can imagine.
What I will say is that we'll hear days and weeks of introspection on what happened to Virginia State
and follow the story minute by minute until all that can be said has been said.
Not so, those who die in a rack for reason so intangible, that the government has changed their mission many times.
We know why they're dying, not to stop terrorists from coming over here or because they hate us for our freedom
or because we want to free the Iraqi people.
We're doing it so that the American oil companies can get their hands on Iraqi oil and make us pay as much as they can get from us.
The President almost succeeded at a few things but always came up short. Always.
One thing he did succeed at was to make the defense contractors billions of dollars.
He succeeded in spending over 420 billion dollars and spreading it around enough so that his base and family will be forever grateful.
He succeeded in making himself the most hated man on earth since Adolf Hitler.
There's one question still left unanswered.
When history looks back on the Bush administration in the future, what will they say about our former government?
Will they say that he almost installed a dictatorship on the American people?
Let's hope that the word almost will be the operative word.
If not, we'll be reading what they want us to read.
Pretty good crap, huh?
You wrote him.
El Gator del Sol.
How's the way you speak? How's my good friend? What's his name doing? Enrique. Say out a side out of mind. Enrique.
My good friend, what's his name? What's bad?
Remember Enrique used to send me all his say, yeah, of course you do. I always ask you that.
You always say sure, yeah. Maybe we said fire at all the cutouts that you had in the studio. He doesn't like you anymore.
Since we set fire to all the stand-up cutouts that you had in the studio?
No, that's based in with women.
With women?
I got news for you. He's per year and a lot of women I've seen in Enrique.
Yeah, that's not a good thing necessarily.
But even you have to a minute's true.
Oh, that's bad. I mean they're getting choked up where it's the bacon.
Look at that. Two stalking of planes against Choe in 2005.
Anybody out there stalks somebody?
We're going to kid your ass. How do you like that?
Simple as that. Don't be stalking because you're going to quit walking and breathing.
How's the new pool coming? 91 votes.
Now let's see. Is it still no meat on a fried egg that's about with a bunch of different clans?
They canceled that but there are some traditional people still like that.
Did they change your mind? The purpose is brats. That's right.
God changed his mind.
God changes mind? Well, he tends to be a fickle son.
Even though the Bible says he's the same yesterday today and forever. Guess what?
Yeah, that's not right. That's right.
In fact, and he knew that son by the spiral staircase.
I love you more today than yesterday. Remember that son?
Yeah, we're going to hear it in a second.
Are we? You got it?
Boy, this crisp bacon man's enough to give me like sexual harassment.
In fact, if I could find the Serbian stag and why even crisp bacon.
I don't like this song. It's all with it.
I just don't like it. It's just, I don't ever said nice things about you.
I'm all too bad. And whoever heard of them, I didn't know.
This is it.
No, it was Ashman.
Choking? Yeah, keep playing it.
Do you need the Heinrich?
I did notice my hand there was.
Yeah, I need a playful game over there.
I've got a perfect chance that would have been to do it.
Just to jump me up for about a minute.
You would have been in such a cold sweat, man.
Yeah, whatever.
Of course you didn't even change his will yet.
That whole business with my world.
Oh, it is. It's high comedy.
That's a good song by the way.
I will by the Beatles. Remember that on the white-hard?
Yes.
But you don't have that.
No chance.
It's an album cut. We never singled.
Would you have that album cut in that library of yours too?
Yeah, I have a lot of it.
The hell? I didn't even do that.
What's that?
Whatever I didn't want to play.
Oh, oh, God Almighty. Where the hell is it?
Yeah, this is...well, I sort of have it.
It's the instrumental version.
Oh, it doesn't count.
I own the white-hard.
I'm here.
What is this?
I have the whole album. I just haven't scanned it into the computer here.
The white-hard.
Here's Elvis's number one hits by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Here's Johnny MacRus.
The African Queen.
Chance is our boy.
Actually, you're sang with Elizabeth. You don't know that, don't you?
Christmas stuff is our...
Yeah.
He did a good job with Avi Maria though.
I think when we come back after the break, we've got to play Avi Maria by Johnny MacRus at it.
Or is that Johnny...
Dollar MacRus.
97 votes on the pool, not bad.
I think this bacon is going to my brain.
My junior, honey.
I'm a baby.
Big and Hymnian judge has just ruled in the paternity suit over Amen Nicole Smith's baby.
And Nicole Smith's former boyfriend, Larry Burkhead, is a biological father.
Oh, right.
Yeah, now we've got our priorities in order.
Our ducks in a row, as they say.
I just ate the last piece of bacon.
You'll be pleased.
Once I've washed that down.
Now, who's this guy?
What's that guy?
That the guy I'm seeing right now from...
I'm like, we're changing it to my coolest show.
I don't know, nice and hot.
He looks sick to me.
Nice head-year baby.
He's an engine guy.
And the other guy's an engine guy too.
Can't you tell?
Yes, he's brown.
Well, there's other brown people who aren't engine.
No, no, but he looks at it.
Well, that's because he's sitting next to the guy with a turbine eye.
Mm-hmm.
Whatever you call that thing.
What do you call that?
Turban.
Think that the engines wear.
Turban.
Can you imagine the things that are crawling around underneath that?
Oh, my God.
Shouldn't say that.
Cab drivers will get upset.
I think I've got a lesbian ease cab driver here.
He'll be picking me up right at two.
It's already a quarter noon.
Fourteen to twelve on Woodbine Wednesday.
Folks, what's that all about?
Oh, and the slots are open at Pompo-no.
You know, Duff, next time he comes in there.
Yeah.
Remind me to say one thing to him.
You're fair, Rick.
Yeah, I don't think you'll forget.
No.
I mean, it's just, look at that.
At least 157 killed, the hundreds and some other injured in Baghdad bombings.
And now we interrupt the Virginia Tech stuff to show this on CNN for just a few moments.
Perhaps it's a neighborhood.
Yeah, perhaps it's a neighborhood.
Perhaps it's out in the middle of the Annemies belt.
No, where, whatever the deal is.
But there are a lot of crazed people going bananas.
You know, it's a good thing we had that surge.
Can you imagine the kind of chaos that would be going on?
I remember Sir D. Sivar played for the Montreal Canadiens.
How about those hockey playoffs?
Are any interest?
No.
How the pantheon is doing?
Are they winning games yet?
No.
Who's any?
How about the Leafs?
All right.
Let's take a look at the poll.
Okay, 112 votes.
When a religion restricts you to certain foods on certain days,
or forbids you to eat them at all, that is blank.
Crazy as Schmidt 47.
What do you expect from this even crowd?
And thank God for that.
Thank God for that.
Deal, God.
That's right.
That we got about to healins out there.
We found people with an IQ bigger than their thumbnail,
bigger than their left testicle, even the women.
An idea foolish people came up with not God 26, foolish people.
The same foolish people who invented God, by the way.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Something I'm glad I have no part of 24.
Feth, I'll eat whatever I want to eat, okay?
Especially in my case, what difference is it going to make?
If there was a hell I'm already going to burn here for a long time, man.
I'll be crispier than that bacon I just enjoyed so much.
A law you better comply with, or you're burning hell five.
You're going to burn it on the lake of fire, baby.
Because the Lord, God is a merciful God.
A yada yada yada.
It gets pissed off a lot, even though he's perfect.
Hard for me to obey for, a sign of my obedience to God three.
Obedience to God, my ass, okay?
That's the AKA weakling, simple, simple-minded weakling,
lemming, sheep, ostrich, flamingo.
That's to me.
I highly was beautiful once upon a time before John Bernathe destroyed it and the hurricane.
But watching that guy who used to blow the whistle in the flamingo, was, were you over there?
No, I saw it on TV though.
He would, he would, it was feeding time and all of the flamingos in the infuel,
in the middle of the lake there at, at Hylia, and the trainer, whatever the hell he was,
he would blow the whistle and they would all line up and do a step because they knew it was feeding time.
And they would do a step in the line.
And that's the human race. Flamingos.
Something, when religion restricts you to certain foods in certain days or forbids you to eat them all,
something I, a religious person, violate all the time too.
Well, you're going to burn in hell too.
How do you like that?
No matter how religious you are, because the Lord doesn't make exceptions, okay?
It's not like be a good person and believe all the bullcrap makes up when you feel like it, okay?
You're going to burn in hell.
So go ahead and have a good time.
Get a, eat, trade today.
Something I do because I'm weak one and so unfair, I'm missing out on some good eats one.
122.
The whole, this whole concept of life as an ongoing ritual man, that's pathetic.
That is tragic.
Zaire tragic baby, pathetic.
Life as a series of rituals.
Don't eat meat on a Friday.
And although I do like macaroni and cheese, too bad it's so all carbs that makes me sick.
That's right.
See, that's another thing God did with this guy, Beaty's crap.
He knew damn well that ice cream and macaroni and cheese and pasta.
Basta la pasta, he said, and I said, screw you God and then he, look at what he did to me.
Just take a look at me and you'll see what he did to me.
What, Nicky Gay?
No, he hit me with the ugly stick.
He made me gay.
Made me gay.
We're going to take any calls today or what?
We took that one, I'm trying to think was there somebody on it?
I forget.
It was online too, I recall that.
Don't remember it?
No.
That was in the first hour.
How about Chris, do you remember it?
You sure we took that call today?
I would bet you, I'll bet you a year of life on it.
How do you like that?
That's how positive I am.
Not only did we take it, it was online too.
Okay, I think you're thinking of yesterday.
No.
See you in there's line three of that one, eight down there.
WDQA, I'm hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
All right.
Take last week and this week into perspective.
Last week when I am as Rachel's remarks about the Rutgers women's basketball team,
one of the basketball players on that team said her life was ruined.
You know, it was one for the rest of her life.
Yes, somebody called her in name, right?
Yeah.
Silly bitch.
What is she thinking now?
What is she thinking now that what happened in Virginia Tech?
I mean, isn't it?
I wonder what that girl's thinking.
Her life is ruined, but what about these students over here in Virginia Tech?
What a nappy headed hoe.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I haven't been spending a lot of time this year watching a hockey.
Are the Rangers that good or was that?
That's not interested.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 and the answer is no, they're not.
Pound 5, 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
WQA, I'm hello.
Yeah.
I am the pump and all harness track opened up the slots and it's the same that to send
that Allen think of from the bottle wife to see it.
You know, what is happening?
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
It's going to make the harness racing the, you know, some capital of harness racing.
It's going to make it the best.
The summer capital of harness racing, I mean the winter capital.
So you wouldn't know harness.
Who is this?
What kind of a retarget always is this?
I know what that harness racing that you do.
You know crap about harness racing.
You would know her base video from your ass.
I think this is what you're doing.
You can't just go try to run to mine.
You can remember stuff like that?
Yeah.
Yeah, tell me some try to, that these three would run to mine.
Yeah, get out of my face.
Tell me some trotters that used to race would run into mine.
I got, give me a Varen baby, give me a Varen, give me a Titan champion.
Give me Wally Hennessey of breaking up in the year and jumping up and down.
Harness racing.
I got to be four months to talk about hockey.
And it's like, yeah, once you talk about harness racing.
I think the police are talking about Duffel, with Pompano with the slots.
What's the story on that?
Well, we didn't give it under buy on it.
You know, something 30 freaking years Pompano Park has been advertising on his show.
I'm the only person in the media in this entire market who knows a damn thing about,
who knows any of these people.
Mickey, McNichol from Nickel and Dime.
And Duff.
Oh, geez.
What are we going to do, Neil?
Duff, a weak sister baby.
You're fairy.
That's QAM4, okay?
As they continue parling all of my 800 years in this business into a pile of dog manure.
That's what they're doing to every one of us.
Mad dog, the Humphur, take a look at everybody on this station.
And it's the jolly jolly bell, Ray Jean, with his fat ass.
That's what's going on.
But let me ask you something.
What is going on?
I have no idea, although I met the new general manager for Power-N-E-6,
and in the tea room just recently here.
Did you really aim?
What was he doing?
His name is Thomas.
Thomas Manning, and he's a very nice guy.
Yeah, Thomas.
Thomas Winn.
Thomas.
Oh, guy.
I don't remember Tommy Winn jumping over the rail in Valley Frost.
Do you have Valley Victory?
Nice firm handshake.
Okay, this guy would know Jack Ackerman from Dirk Ackerman,
idiotic Dirk, WDQ-A-M, hello.
I think that's a Batchy ball over at the pocket.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
Good morning.
Good morning, sir.
All right.
I sent you a picture on my face last night of a dude on a bicycle.
And he's a patch toy this time.
Yeah.
Check that out.
Yeah, I believe it, yeah.
Oh, that's all.
Okay.
It was a black kid with, there was very tasteless and a very bad taste.
And I deleted it just like a lot of the rest of you that sent stuff that, you know,
is racially offensive and disgusting.
I delete that too.
Guess what?
I look at every single piece of it and delete, delete, delete, delete, delete.
Okay.
That's my new hobby now.
I eat and I delete.
And eat that for weed.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, hello.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Hey, I want to know, are you going to the FDQ-A-M draft party, the Dalton's draft number
nine?
Hello.
I'm going to sign that up.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, you can take your Q-M draft party, you can take the NFL draft and stick
it where the cockamoon shines, okay?
Sick, really sick.
And like you've been saying for a long time, man, you can't tell these people anything.
You can't tell them nothing.
Well, there's this kid from Wichita's State, he's 240 pounds, he's a middle line backer,
and if the Dalton just get lucky, you know, sure I care about Brady Quinn, but not because
he plays football.
I'm going to tell you right now, I'm sure you're going to like care about football.
Yeah, right, it's the 18th of April, I'm really in a football kind of mind, you know what?
One trick pony, baby, that sounds like an ordinary, really an orphaned about football,
either.
Nothing.
So who did your favorite version of Old Man River?
Oh, it's going to do this.
Oh, it's jumping in hot for the wait, yeah.
Actually, the person who did the favorite version of it was at the macaroni or can't, macaroni
Oh, that's right, I forgot about that in the table.
It was like Dutch shoes, he had those wooden shoes on the river, it was like, wouldn't
you know it?
Yeah.
And right in the middle of a really great meal to macaroni, I really had this live entertainment
and we're screaming, stop, stop, okay.
Old man, river, I mean, that was, I think the word unnecessary comes to mind, you know what
I mean?
Unnecessary and also unacceptable, like most of your calls by the way.
This is very quick, whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the meal Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Hey, expect it, Mums, want to enjoy a hot protein meal and give your baby a low sperm count?
Grill up a porterhouse steak or maybe you're looking forward to a relaxing retirement without
a bunch of screaming grandkids running around, then try a delicious London royal.
In fact, there are thousands of beef recipes and it'll make sure your little cow poke
will be shooting blades.
So tonight, put beef on your table and in 30 years you'll be glad you did.
In fertility, it's what's for dinner.
Probably one at 560 WM Happy Wednesday to its wood buying Wednesday on QA and whatever
the hell that means and don't forget you can go to Pompo and pretend you're a wood buying, right?
You find a good machine and plunge your guts out.
Tell Duff that he's an idiot.
And tell Steve Wolf the same thing by the way, hey Steve, you're just out of touch, you're just the tragic.
175 votes on our second pool of the day, we did a thousand plus in case you missed the first one.
Boy, it was exciting, won't it?
On an exciting Chris?
Oh yeah.
Hey, look, this guy was taken to a mental health facility in 2000.
2005, which was always out of crazy people and when it out they let them out.
You know, they're always the same.
That's the American effin way.
They knew he was a crazy person.
They took him to a med, a parade show, which suicidal police got back in touch with Cho.
And they asked him to come to a counselor.
They say he voluntarily did that a temporary detention order was obtained and he was taken to a mental health facility where they believe he was.
I take it back, he's pretty ugly.
This of course all happening at the same time that he came in.
I mean, that's why I got all freaked out, maybe because he was so ugly, I think so.
Maybe that's why I kept snapping him, snap shots under the desk, yeah.
Maybe he just couldn't get no action.
Well, there's Steve Flincham again, man.
Steve Flincham wouldn't have been great if his name was Steve Ketchan, that would be even better.
But nothing's perfect.
Trabo 3Q, I mean, I know Marlon game today, so I might actually have to stick around until 2 o'clock.
Remind me of one o'clock that it's wood by Wednesday because I'm out of practice.
Okay.
Well, long because then I got to start putting on my clothes, you know.
And we kind of stupid to go to wood mine in my boxish shorts.
That would be grotesque.
Even I wouldn't do that.
How will they deserve it?
They deserve it.
And then if I could find the management over there, I would just walk around and kind of like bend over and fart in their face.
Here's what I think of your machines, man.
Just fart right in their puts.
The treat of hand in who elimination says beyond thoughts and prayers.
He says on this afternoon of National Sorrow, meaning yesterday, President Bush offered his prayers to those who are suffering as a result of enormous tragedy of Virginia Tech, as well as his support for a full investigation.
His statement of grief came shortly after White House spokesman Dana Perino had voiced this sentiment.
The president believes that there's a right for people to bear arms, but that all laws must be followed.
In other words,
it seemed to me there was something missing in the response to the president and his administration, just as there wasn't a response to the Columbine tragedy.
Perhaps Paul Helmke, president of the Brady Campaign to prevent gun violence, put a best-insuing this statement today.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of the Virginia Tech community and to the families of the victims of what appears to be one of the worst mass shootings in American history.
Eight years ago this week.
Eight years ago this week, the young people in Lodels and Colorado suffered a horrible attack at Columbine High School.
And almost exactly six months ago, five young people were killed at an Amish schoolhouse in Pennsylvania.
Since these killings, we've done nothing as a country to end gun violence in our schools and communities.
If anything, we've made it easy to access powerful weapons. We've now seen another horrible tragedy that'll never be forgotten.
It's long overdue for us to take some common sense actions to prevent tragedies like this from continuing to occur.
And Katrina says it's time to move beyond thoughts and prayers.
Poor your breath, Katrina, and ain't gonna happen.
Because that's not the American-if-and-way.
Guns are what it's all about, baby. Shootin' people. Blowin' them away. Bombs, big bombs, bigger bombs. That's what it's all about.
To show everybody how much we are. Isn't that what it's all about? Like a machismo contest?
Mm-hmm. That's also fun.
Well, it leaves me out. That's a big thing with your people, you know.
Yeah, with my people.
A third is worried that it was suicidal. They won't worry that anybody do some harm to somebody else.
They were worried about him being suicidal.
Yeah, if only.
Well, he did. He eventually...
Yeah, well, you know, he's a little bit late.
Rest route. A little bit late.
Taking him to a mental hospital in 2005. And there's that bitch.
Freak. She told CNN in the American morning, John Roberts. She threatened to quit if Joe wasn't removed from a class.
He says you can't make it. I said, yeah, I can. You know, I'm kidding. I'm coming out doing a good job.
But you know, you talk to somebody, say you're a, you know, this is not a point.
You know, and you have to quit doing that because he was writing them.
They're just weird things out there.
Weird crap, man. What she wanted to say is he was writing weird schmitt, but she didn't have the co-horns to say it.
There she is, by the way.
It's Giovanni. Nice to tell you, Livy. She wanted a motto of his class.
Giovanni, whatever her first name is. Does it make any difference what her first name is?
No, it's Miss Stella. Stella Giovanni.
Hey Stella!
Hundred eight three votes on the second poll.
Now, what are the other foods that are prohibited? We have no meat on Friday, which of course the Pope is thought better of that, you know?
Because he likes his meat. I can't tell you what kind of steak he likes, but nevertheless.
Yeah.
Cute, but not cut it out.
Now, what's the other prohibited stuff?
In the cat liquors?
In the animals. Anything else?
You're people that have all the dietary restrictions.
My people in Europe, is that what you're talking about?
You're in the freaking trains. That was your semi-tests with all your clothing, food, business.
Yeah, let's check out the Lent.
Get bent if it's got to do with Lent.
Now, is Lent fine? Lent and I, I don't know.
I'll go find a cat like an askum.
Yeah, I believe it's over.
Well, thank God for that.
That Yental soup, man, that thing, that is just absolutely the most gross test.
I don't want to say what it looks like, you know?
Yental soup.
Speaking of the dolphins, our day Joseph talked to Yental Green.
Yental.
What a market, man. What a market of dumb balls. Just dummies.
Anybody with an IQ larger than a thumb gets out of there before it's too late.
I'm telling you right now, I sure got out.
My IQ is, I was raising my little pinky, which occasionally is a little stinky.
All depends on where you put it.
5670560, 0.560.
I got a big problem stuff here, but you know what? I just, I don't know.
I just don't know. It just tears your kishkishies out, you know, when you realize what you're dealing with.
Like I said, have a good time in your life. Go to the track and plunge your guts out.
And that guy, the guy with a hockey with a ranger, that was bad enough, but then the other one had followed him that,
that, invasille, about one of the mine, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and every fion, and Carmine have a tello, and Jimmy Marone, and all that other crap.
What are you talking about, sir?
I, I could sit here and name the harness drivers that you never heard of, okay, for hours, from now until midnight, put the audience into a coma.
Yeah, maybe you will.
I just might just to piss that guy off, give me a song that's how smart he is, what he knows about harness racing, about that guy.
I got my good friend, Alan Jinkelsson, what, why don't he give a crap about slots?
He cared about the slots but I'm the kind we're talking about.
It won't be another Alan Pickles and I'll say that ever, ever.
I will.
There's the Beatles.
Try it.
I hope you get it.
I hope you get that.
Oh, I know by hooker by crook.
Crook.
My Remindment I've been asked questions.
Good song.
It's in the word else.
I couldn't even do it.
This song is in the word else.
This song is in the word else.
I couldn't even do it.
This song is in the word else.
I couldn't even do it.
This song is like a racial thing.
You can't really keep playing over there.
Paul Roadson had the name of the voice.
Paul Roadson was great.
And, and very dark guy.
He was just a dark guy.
He was a real boy.
I also had it by Frank Sinatra.
If he wanted sung by a little white guy.
You can't sit after doing an old man ripper.
Oh my god.
Seriously, whether or not he'd be deeper pipes than this ever.
Oh, you've seen the great Jim Mavers.
Yeah.
Jim Mavers, now there's a guy.
A rich guy.
Oh man, River keeps on floating.
Oh, it does another night, fellow.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I would name a door to pitch down in the park.
I always hope.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Thank you, afternoon.
Yes, sir.
We are pretty angry at what happened down at the beach.
For them to put Pearlman's name on that wall,
those people on that wall didn't have a choice.
They got plucked from their lives.
And this guy, he went right into the fire looking for a story.
But you know, your people want to make sure we do that.
You are people? What does that mean?
Your people.
Jews, you know.
Jews.
God, Jews.
You Jews.
But it's not fair, man.
And I don't think so.
Let me ask a few of you this question.
Who are your people?
What kind of the other thoughts are your people?
Fat people.
No, man. Well, I joined a club.
I was okay.
Yeah, fat on the bridge.
So you just said that because you know I like fat people.
That's right.
Not necessarily. I like fat rich.
He's dead, though.
I like William, what's his name?
Conrad. He's dead.
What's some other fat people who are dead?
All of them.
John Candy. He's dead.
Right.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
You think George can buy us that?
Carol O'Connor is another one. He was fat.
Q-A-M, hello.
Dead.
Good afternoon.
Sir, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I hate to admit it, man, but I swear next time management takes you off, you should do all
show tunes all day long.
Honestly, God.
Next time, who ticks me off?
Management.
Next time they take you off.
That ropes is...
Well, I should actually show tunes all day every day then because they always tick me off.
This is not something that comes and goes like a headache, you know?
No, that ropes and thing. That's great stuff. I don't care who you are.
Oh, good. George Quetter for that. I didn't find it.
I pulled it out of my ace.
You know what?
It's what else I got in there.
He's like we're saying America, the ace in the hole, you know?
Like ace heel. You want some show tunes?
Go ahead, sir.
Get a kill, man.
So, we don't want to know Julie Garland music, if she'll win again.
No, we don't want to know.
Go ahead, sir.
No, there's no show tunes with...
Get out of here.
Show tunes.
You're fair.
Yeah.
These people are great today.
They are good.
I'm enjoying it.
It's going to be a long time to see that harness racing guy, though.
Being in that...
Yeah, that guy was really good.
One of them I, coming to some of the horses that raised one of them I,
had Stanley Dancer and Billy Houghton and Dald Miller and all these other ones, you know?
Oh, my God.
I'm actually discovered with no Lou Williams from Billy Williams.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
Absolutely.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Bob 17, maybe she's diabetic.
Maybe she's a leg amputated.
It could be and of course I'm looking at this stuff.
Now, the professor is out of control today.
He sent me....
Remember we had that thing about the ten most heartthreatening foods that hold the
assemble handier.
Remember that? Yes. Well now the same website, MSN Health and Fitness has got 10 foods tough to digest.
Alright, let's hear those. This is not good. This is not good on a day when I'm going to
woodbine and day when I might have a chance to lose an ounce. Fried chicken nuggets, now that I can
look without. And now you're eating that all the time, aren't you? Yeah, like just this morning,
chicken finger, what's the deal? Well, same crap, right? And it says anytime you take a food,
dip it in batter and then deep fry it, you turn it into something that can be a detriment to your
stomach. If you already suffer from inflammatory bowel disease, IBS, greasy foods are especially
problematic, can cause symptoms like nausea and diarrhea. So it's Terry Giddest, a dietist in
Orlando, to make a healthier version, take frozen chicken nuggets or use your own breadcrumb
batter on chicken breasts and bake them rather than frying. There's nothing worse than fried.
You've heard that I'm frying over here. That's what that comes from.
The advice to forego fried food for all the flavor alternatives is also up for
for other traditional greasy snacks like potato chips. To get the crunchy, salty,
sensacement chips without the unfortunate side effects, look for baked version of potato chips
or switch to lower no-fats, snacks like pretzels, air popped popcorn or soy crisps,
soy crisps, my ass. It's an all-white chicken fingers, got it? Got it. Now I'm just telling you,
you're not going to listen to me, but I'm just giving you good advice. Just like the thing with fries,
I've been telling you for years, don't eat those freaking french fries. Like Jack Nicholson would say,
they don't eat no freaking french fries, don't eat them. Oh, this next one didn't print out,
I'll go back to the thing here. It's spicy foods, it says. And it shows a picture of like some
peppers on a plate. It says hot peppers such as cayenne and jalapeno, give food a wonderful
spicy kick, but they can also irritate the lining of the asophagus or the on the way down.
The result, an unpleasant heartburn like feeling after you wait, heartburn.
You're going to be popping at BC powder, baby. Even if you try to cool the heat by adding sour cream,
you're still getting all the spice and the same amount of irritation says get this. So rather than
trying to mask spots, spice with high fat cream, opt for milder versions if you routinely
sever side effects. You got it? I'm going to read this off the thing here. I mean, I could do it,
but it's just more fun to fumble my way through. Now what, I can't stand this. Chocolate.
I can't, I can't read this. I will, but I shouldn't, I shouldn't even try to do it.
Because it's against my religion. All right. It says most of the unfortunate consequences surrounding
the rich delicacy of chocolate come not from simply eating chocolate, but from overeating it.
One small brownie in the occasional treat probably is fine. A triple brownie,
a la mode probably is not triple brownie, a la mode. And that's not good. It does like a nice
big brownie Sunday if you're a brownie hunt. But anyone who suffers from gastroesophageal
reflux or gurr like me disease, G-E-R-D gurr. Can experience problems from even a small portion
of chocolate. That is correct. That's because chocolate causes the lower esophagus,
the lower esophageal sphincter to relax, allowing stomach acid to come back up. Back at you is what
it does. So no more chicken fingers, no more chocolate, no more jalapeno peppers, no more spicy foods.
Okay. And that's only the first three. Oh no. No more citrus juice. Boy, the Florida, the fruit
people, a lot of fruits in Florida, they're going to be all pidoed about this. It said these acidic
risks can irritate the esophagus, stimulating the sensory nerves to be feel more ira-inflamed.
This might feel like acid reflux, but in reality it's just irritation. Well, thank God for that.
Drink that lemonade, baby, by the gallon. In the stomach, however, the extra acid of the
drink can cause other problems. If you have eaten, for example, having eaten a big glass of orange juice
first thing in the morning, your gut is already full of acid. So adding the extra acid can give you
a stomach ache and if you're drinking lemonade that's sweetened with high fructose corn syrup,
watch out. That huge influx of sugar is often a cause of diarrhea. Oh, can we say that? Diary
acid. Look out, look out. Oh no. It's an influx of acid that causes diarrhea, wild diarrhea.
You know, I'm talking about the camera. Don't leave the house. They close to home all day.
Oh, and here's one. Nashed tater is now that's the one I don't have to worry about. I can't stand.
First of all, when you're, you know, when you die of edic, you can't eat carbs anyway.
So if I'm going to cheat, I'm sure it's not going to eat taters and I'm definitely not going to eat
mashed taters. Do you know anybody that eats mashed potatoes that I've eaten with a lot of butter
and or graveyon or worse not? Everybody do? Do you do? Oh, without all that stuff? No, no.
It says nothing seems more benign than a bowl of creamy mashed potatoes. After all, that's why they
rank near the top of the list when it comes to so-called comfort foods. Feth. But if you have
any of the approximately 30 to 50 million Americans who are lactose intolerant, you'll find no
cover in these spuds since most are loaded with milk or even with heavy cream. Make them at home
using lactose for your whole milk for the same cream cream, creaminess minus the after effects.
In other words, you're going to be your kishkis. They're going to be like fallen out. This is
disgusting. Hey, listen, these people know their crap, man. You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm. Raw onion. Now, this is bad news for me. This is going to be worse and worse news.
First of all, the chocolate, which I can't live without chocolate. I'll be dead without it.
Now, raw onion. Who ever made a burger? Even when I make wieners, man, I got like sliced up
some raw onion. Onions and their cousins like garlic, leeks and shallots are filled with a variety of
phytonutrient compounds, some of which seem to be to offer healthy, hard-protective benefits,
and some of which cost stomach distress or could be the same compounds that do both.
Cooking them seems to deactivate some of the problem causing compounds, but on the chance that
you're also deactivating some of the good stuff, dietitian, Mary Ryan suggests using
mix of cooked and raw so you can reap the benefits without suffering it. Well, that's very boring,
you know. That one's boring. I'll stick to my raw onions. Okay, thank you. Whether you like it or not,
Mary. Mary rhymes with... You fairy! Oh, look at this! I can't continue with this stuff.
Oh, you got too now. We need closure. Ice cream. Ice cream, on the other hand, there's no quicker
way to determine if you're lactose intolerant than a sit-down with a big bowl of ice cream, or maybe
a half a gallon is good. The bloating, cramping, and gas are clear messages. Your system has
tried to tell you to stay away from such rich dairy products. If that's the case, the only
solution is to switching to lactose-free frozen treats, such as those made from a soy or ice milk,
fat, fooie! But even if you're not lactose intolerant, sitting down and scoffing a
petabin in juries in one sitting will still give you some stomach trouble. That's because it's
essentially all fat and fat triggers an stomach longer than other... or way this grows.
Fat lingers in the stomach longer than other foods being generally getting digested.
I'm getting tongue-tied because all my foods are on here. I'm going to have to go on and talk
to your son Jay Pupta diet. Although I guess if you want that orange juice in the morning,
you'll be pooping all day long. Oh, and here's another one, broccoli and raw cabbage. I guess
it's not going to bother you. No. Neither one. Although I like some, you know, slaw if it's good. Slaw.
Coulslaw. Rancid? You mean like coleslaw that sits on the tables and delis for hours and hours
and gets rid of it? I'd rather it not be like that. Oh yeah, you don't smell the rancid. Oh!
And you'll be pleased though that when I was in hamster dam some of the same pizzas were still in
the windows. You know that one place called Good Luck on the way to the red light district there by
Chiquitas sexy shop with a big new rows in the windows. The Good Luck place is still got the same
pizzas in the windows. And the same like big pockets of bachelors and just shrubbing on them. It's
really exciting.
You're back here. I look out the window just to be just a double check. Be on the safe side. 12,
32 and 5, 60 WQM. So there's only I think three more of these. I enjoy that earlier one.
A couple weeks ago, a few weeks when I read how it was 18 months ago. The other one about the foods
that are like, you know, they were just appetizing. More to this stuff. Well, broccoli and raw
cabbage. I love broccoli. And you don't. Right. It says these fiber and nutrient rich vegetables
are incredibly healthy but they're also well known for causing gas build up and they've got a lot
of gas going on. You know that joist? Too bad we can't play in those sounds. Fortunately the
solution is simple. Cooking them or even just blanch them slightly will deactivate the suffer
compounds that cause gas. I don't know is gas all that bad? I don't know. Depending on where you're
with. A little malodor. It's depending on where you're with them. Like if you're applying for
a job stuff like that. It might not be the best idea. Or if you're like at the harness track.
Beans. Oh, what a bullet. Yeah. Here we go again with your been or people. Beans have such a
notorious reputation for causing gastric distress that they even spawn their own rhyme. Come on.
It says you all know what beans beans musical fruit. Yeah. Toot. The moe. Cute. The moe. And then
there is some truth to what it says the ends of the breakdown beans has found only in our stomach
bacteria. This is also disgusting. It's a good diet item and we have to charge for this. It's
a service on this show. Make you want to puke your guts out and never eat again. It says if you
don't routinely eat beans you might not have enough of this enzyme to comfortably digest them.
In other words if you're not a beener. The result of course is gas and bloating.
Cooking beans in soup can help the extra fluid. Now I do like what kind of soup am I thinking
about that's got like white beans in it. Oh, it's amazing. Oh, it's the fasciule. Oh, okay.
Pasta fagioli. Cooking beans in soup can help the extra fluid will help digest the large
amounts of fibers of beans contain and the extra cooking time will start breaking the beans
down even before you eat them. By adding beans to your diet gradually you'll help build up the
ends unnecessary to digest them without any issue or without any tissue. I guess if you have an
issue sometimes there is a tissue needed and last and this is not surprising to me sugar-free gum.
If you know what the first word in this little run down is. No. Because of the S. Spirit. No.
No. Splenda. No. George should know this.
Sobato. Oh, that one. Yeah. The ingredient found in many sugar-free gums, candies and
diet bars and shakes can cause an uncomfortable build up of gas in your gut. Oh, man. Gas in your
rectum behind. Check the labels before you buy to see if you can find sugar-free products that
use less trouble some sugar substitutes as if there are any, you know. Multital and Sobato.
All these all these all these all of these. The amount is also an issue of warrants guide us.
Most people can handle two or three grams with no problems but a product of packs,
10 or more grams of Sobato. I'm not really being tough on the digestion and you will be staying
close to home if you're smart. Runs with body part. So there's some good advice for you man.
There's some good advice. No chocolate, no ice cream, no sugar-free gum, no broccoli. I
guess most people can handle that. Yeah. Brownies. Although, when did you really eat brownies?
You know, when's the last time you had brownies? I don't know. Last night. Huh? Well, I had some
Ben and Jerry's and it was the brownie, what's it called? The stuff that's got the brownies in it.
Ben and Jerry's brownie, huh? Yeah, that's it. No, be doing it. Next breaker, I'll just start
putting this in clothes on by the way. Crystal, mind me. Crystal, mind me. Get the paddling
of these on old man. Because I want, from now on, because I'm so old and senile and feeble,
you've got to make sure that I'm, you know, fully clothed the brownies. I'll take you by the hand
grams. Yeah, please. And you can squeeze my bag a little bit to make sure there's no overflow.
All right. Okay. There are 42 votes on the pool and then of course we just finished with
Paisach and that should have been the one we talked about the most. As far as dietary restrictions
on holidays, all this other nonsense, this foolishness, oh, you got to eat the massive,
maybe no bread, no leaven bread. What if, what if a guy that made the massive, what if his name
was leaven or leaven, huh? What a civil oven was making sense. That would make sense. Wonder bread.
And it would have been unleavened, would it? That's correct. The good point. 242 votes when a
religion instructs you, oh wait a minute, this restricts you. I see the certain foods on certain
days or forbid you to eat them at all. That's crazy. A Schmidt 92. No, that's not crazy. What's
crazy is that people obey it. That's what's crazy that people go along with it. Well, the good
book says, yeah, don't be eaten. What is it? The uncloven the hoof. What is that all about? The
Cloven hose, you know, pigs and cloven hose, goats and whatnot. What about Naffi added Cloven hose?
Crazy a Schmidt 92 camel. An old foolish, an idea. Foolish people came up with not God 68.
Something I'm glad I have no part of 48. A lawyer better comply with her. You're a burning hell
10. Assign my obedience to God 10. Oh yeah. Hard for me to obey six. Let's kosher the house. What do you
say? Hey rhymes with gay. Something I, a religious person, violate all the time for. We're going to
turn your ass in. How do you like that? We're going to report to the same Peter. Those you people
are cheating out there. So unfair. I'm missing out on some good eats three and something I do
because I'm weak one. Yeah, right. Anybody who does that is weak. A lemon. A slipper.
The church told me don't do this and don't eat that and about the bond. Don't eat
trache. And therefore I did it. You know, just like the Arabs with their halal crap.
Don't the Indians Indians also do that. Don't they? I don't know. Yeah, they do.
I'll ask you. We only have 80 million Indian restaurants in this city. Do you have any?
I have many India people we have here. No, no, tell me how many different varieties of rag
heads we have in Toronto. No, every kind of rag head that's ever been invented. How many?
About a zillion. Well, there's that kid with a bag of complexion on it again from Virginia Tech.
The story and I don't think that we can fully grasp what his friends arrive at the shooting by
making his own tourniquet. Well, I was a pretty clever. Let's go thank the Lord for that.
Okay, that his friends arrive. Hopefully his friend looks better in he does.
22. I see that's bad. I shouldn't be saying that things. There's very, very nasty thoughts that
I shouldn't admit to, but you know, I'm just being honest. I mean, that's just the way the world
feels is made if ugly people die. You know, they don't think it's the only way that people die.
But if somebody who looks pretty good dies an early premature death, oh, what is shame?
Well, what kind of crap is that? I saw ugly people want to be loved too. What's wrong with a little bit of that?
A little... I just want to be loved. That's right. This Harvey Firestein would say she just wants to be loved.
As Duff would say she just wants to be whatever she is.
You're a busy professional man with your eye on the corner office. You've got it all.
Nice car, nice house, plenty of money. You've got a great marriage to a beautiful wife.
Yet there's still something missing. You never got to meet your wife's father.
Well now, you can. Microsoft introduces the Father-in-law bot. A life-size,
window-based, fully functional, anatomically correct mail that simulates all in-law duties.
Your customized Father-in-law bot will arrive via FedExcrimeShipping in 46 weeks
completely ready to go. Hey, Bob! Don't call me Bob. I am not your father. Oh, just trying to be nice.
You are such a pansy white dome. You grow up there.
Oh, Pierre? Why don't you like me? Because you don't make you know from the need to
suffer for my daughter and you are ugly. Uncle, what is it? I'm doing it. They're more in love.
She doesn't love you. No one loves you. Here's Dave. Oh, it's some I have. The Father-in-law
Bot owner. My wife's father died before we got married and we wanted somebody around for the kids.
Boy, if we cut more than we bargained for. Dave is a dumbass. No, I'm not.
Don't mess. Hey! Don't mess. Whatever you say, Pop, the Father-in-law bot from Microsoft will
make you feel just as horrible as if your wife's father were really alive. When are you going to give me
grandchildren? Well, we're working on it. You are useless piece of crap. But it's not fair. I've
been very busy. I told my daughter not to marry you. But we're very happy. You are a fancy waste.
Penny waste. Just tell friends get out of my sight. Whatever you say, Pop.
Dingleberry. The Father-in-law bot from Microsoft. Just as lousy as a real Father-in-law.
Don't buy me another tie for my birthday or I will strangle you with it. Whatever you say, Pop.
Okay, 1245 of a QM. 272 votes on our second pool. How do you like that, Chris?
Yeah, we won't hit a thousand today though.
Let me ask you this, George. When I was on vacation, why did we work with it?
Chris or Josh? Oh, Josh. Chris.
Chris. How do you do? You know, it was all right.
All right. Very well said.
See, 272, what do we have on the first pool of 2011? What would we have? I got it here somewhere
in my pile. Or underneath where it says irritable bowel.
Hold on now. You see how this all ties in here that we started to show that story about the woman
who was shoplifting in Cape Coral and she blamed her irritable bowel because she couldn't stand on line.
Was that today or yesterday? That was yesterday, maybe four or something like that.
I don't know. Yeah, six months ago.
Well, we have the numbers.
Um.
Oh, let's see. Was it the one that everybody likes the guns it to me?
That one in a thousand, twenty one and 272 is a 1273 votes.
See, that's the way you're looking at it. Chris, you're not understanding.
Oh, no, I just had to give you a hard time. Thanks.
You're welcome. Okay, you won't laugh me in my will, by the way.
1293. What was it? Don't forget to get the address.
1293 I'm already addressed. I got my clothes on, got my pants on, my shirt, not tucked
in yet though. It's still hanging out and the shirt too. That would not be good going
into woodbind without hanging out or the shirt. So we got 1293, so we got 1300 votes altogether,
pretty damn near. In fact, I bet you if I click it again, we need 700 more or set 7 more,
1277 if 276. See what I'm saying? You don't, you just don't care. No. The audience cares.
I bet you we got people like I told you before who keeps score. They got the old baseball
scorebook out every single day. Like this one here, you'll see QAM. Say I told you.
WQAM, hello. QAM. WQAM, hello. Not there. Okay, when we hit three in the world, that's
good. 567.0560. Pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. You got to admit though
we had a few winners in there today. Oh, yeah. I can't remember what they were, but we
had some sins. The hardest guy. What do you talk about?
Harness guy was spent for the ages. Hold on to my eye. Yeah. See, he's what's wrong
with the sport. He's what's wrong with horse racing, thoroughbred harness racing. Oh,
that's old codgers on death's door. Old codgers. That's right. Old cockers. The average
age in the clubhouse is death plus 10. That's the problem. WQAM, hello. I knew one
of them. WQAM, hello. Neil, and then not chill. What happened with Mr. Holberman? I
heard you a couple hours ago. What happened real quick? I haven't heard you last couple
days. What happened? What do you mean what happened? He's been trying to get I'm as fired
for three years. They've been feuding. And then I'm as blurred out the thing about the
naphy edit hose and people are making a big issue out of it. And Holberman went to the
MSNBC management and again demanded that they fire I'm as and they said, oh, okay, what
happened? You don't want to probably might pick yourself. I don't know. Maybe I don't
I don't agree with that. I mean, you're in here. If I'm reading you're right, I would
if you're in I'm just a corner on here. I don't know they got to be a terminated either.
Is that your son? I miss should have been terminated 15 years ago for being dead. But
not for what he said on the year. So did you hear what I just said? Are you listening
to anything I'm saying or you have a conversation with yourself? What, sir? Boy, there's
nothing I love more than when people ask you a question. You try to answer it. You know,
I have like a verbal intercourse and an exchange and a conversation and they start like,
my mom. So anxious to you know, to kiss up man to kiss up and you know, why I'm agreeing
with what you say? I don't care whether you agree. I want to have a conversation. You don't
need to kiss my ass. Okay. That's not interesting. It's boring. It's monotonous. It's embarrassing.
It's degrading. It's humiliating. But have a wonderful day, sir. WQAM. Hello.
The natiatic Joey Reynolds. WQAM. Hello. WNVOT. WNVOT. WNVOT. Hello. Hey. So what's the
deal with this binocular Goldberg? And his, unlike Bush Lincoln. I mean, he claims that
he's a liberal or he wasn't liberal. Oh, yeah. He's a born again right wing Nazi as
what he is. He's a Jewish Nazi. He's like an opportunist. He was like, to me, he's got this
whole spiel that he comes out. Just forget about him. That's my best advice to him. Okay.
And to you. Forget about him. WQAM. Hello. Hey. How's it going? Okay. It's going great,
Pally. I just don't I don't really understand. Why I said to defend for a high-miss because he
really is a racist. Yeah. So don't you think he deserves to get fired? I mean, I heard he was
harassing people that he was working with on like even in the work environment. I mean, I really
don't care about what he said on the radio, but I don't know about harassing people at work.
He didn't get fired. He didn't get fired for harassing anybody. He got fired for calling the
George, for the call the, uh, uh, Rutgers, uh, bad women's basketball team, a bunch of
non-perioded hose. He got fired for anything else. The King's Oldman thing. He was talking about how
he would work with I'm it and then he would say racist stuff about like, hello employees and stuff
like that. And like nobody could really talk to him. And he asked. So let me ask you this.
Do you live in some kind of a cocoon or what? Do you know anybody who said that was a bad choice
award? Do you know anybody who says racist things behind people's backs? I don't know anybody who
doesn't. Yeah, I know, but I don't think you should, well, I mean, I have to job. I mean, come on.
Yeah. So what's your point? I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't either. Okay. 5, 6, 7,
6, 5, 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8 and I don't call everyone else either. I'm not gonna pass out as
oft-mile list. I don't care. I'm not into guys that runner around. He's been trying to
get the guy fired for three freaking years. Here comes an opportunity and I, I, I'm getting
credit for that. He didn't miss out. Baby, he went in there. Swung the bat, he'll hit a home run.
and screw him is what I would say. Go back to sports center. Go back to being a sports
door. Bit because that's about your level. Okay.
Really ashamed. We finally get somebody that gets on your insistent, but then he pulls
us out like that. I mean you couldn't imagine anybody behind the scenes off the ear saying
anything racist or like offensive stuff like that. No, we're trying to get somebody
murdered. WQAM, hello. Yes sir. Is Albuquerque in America? Is what? Albuquerque? Yeah. WQAM,
hello. See I love the enthusiasm that he does it with because it shows you just how crazy
he really is and then it never gets on anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 in the horizon
singular wireless line. I think we ought to just keep the hits on coming now that I got my
clothes on. Don't you? I think you should keep them coming. WQAM, hello. Was the nice
apologize to dirt everywhere. Should be dumb or dandered. Oh! WQAM, hello. Why is George
OK? WQAM, hello. Hello, Neil. Yeah. I love you. The thing about I'm is that I consider
how we going back to I'mus again. Well, you know what's crazy? He's going to lie. Yeah,
it's crazy that you're talking about it is what's crazy. All right, well let's talk about
the wood vines today. Are you going to go plunge? You know, if you look up the expression
lifeless a holes, yeah, you'll see a picture of South Florida. I think the college for
them is down here. You'll see a picture of it. You'll see a photo lifeless a holes. I have
no life. WQAM, hello. That was really weak, very weak. Maybe that was the pomelo guy, I think.
I think he was driving the moon into mine the fifth race tonight. WQAM, hello. It's going
to make it the summer capital of harness racing, having a sloth back and how Alan J. Finkelson
would be so proud to see that. I got news for you, pal. Alan J. Finkelson was a friend
of mine. You ain't no Alan J. Finkelson. Okay, schmuck. You old koot. WQAM, hello. WQAM,
hello. Hi, Neil. Yes. Neil, pomelo. If you're in a driver, Chad Dancer. This is Reverend
Jones. No kidding. WQAM, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. This is the maintenance
man, Wesley and Maul, JC Panney. Oh, yeah. Keep doing the limbo rock suite, all right? In
fact, weren't they talking about that this morning on the Kenny and Bo's show? He was talking
about taking the little kids in there in the public tea rooms and about how people keep
taking the sliding locks off the doors. And I kept thinking to myself, he must hang around
it, Wesley and Maul and Hailea, lot. Kenny and Bo. Maybe they're looking for an audience
there. Guess what? What? Haven't found it yet. WQAM, hello. Hello. I can't believe the
youthless mentality of the guys that call him to your show. Yeah. I mean, they are just,
they need to get a life. Have a nice day, Neil. Okay. Thank you so much. And thanks
for your tremendous contribution too, Bob. Well, there's Taylor Rees Shapiro again, who's
Irish-duished. Ken, make up his mind. What do you use? Just not there. They said that half
a time he would just sit there. Kind of a voice as that, Taylor. And they class and then
whenever somebody would address him, he maybe would look up. Doesn't he sound like a
munchkin? Yeah, Taylor Rees Shapiro is covering the shootings for the student. He looks like
a munchkin. He said that Cho was a ghost so apparitional. He was a ghost. Like definitely
leaving today and more people are calling home. Well, he sounds like a jockey. He's got
that kind of, you know, every knows how jockey is all talked about that. You probably
haven't because you don't pay attention, but they don't have that top-like munchkins.
That's how Taylor Rees Shapiro shorts, oh, sounds to me like a jockey or a joket, something
like that. It is that with this is this is jockey radio, something along in line. Yeah,
if you people want to talk about I'm a school to the water cooler and talk about it amongst
yourselves because I don't want to hear about I'm a no moan.
Treat your father Spadano. Since fear is neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to
look for a moose in square instead. We listen to the near-roger Spadano balance one to
two hour. I'm a sense of boring. Looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV.
Well, just about anything, but that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teeming up with radio's
original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old lady. Listen, Bernie! I'm a sell-out
internist, coffee, socks. Yes, every morning. See, I'm aist, listen to a tape of other
people's county bits. I'm the air. I did a hammer to bite into this muffin. Somebody
had a best fresh one played like him. See, his wild behind the scenes at it. I also
don't hate David. I'm a big, big, big, big, you're a walrus, cook, cook, and chew. Now,
get me some fresh coffee or your fire. I'm a skeezy reverent. So, what's the deal
with this watergate break? He's incoherent. I'll tell you why. That's a double-repeated
bottle. He's I've been sent he's boring. And he's only on MSNBC. A cable channel, nobody
watches, and a bunch of AM radio stations. Nobody listens to him. And that somebody
got some fresh jangle. It's Ivers. Oh, yeah, he used to be Ivers. Like I said, now
another word about him until I'm through it, evacuating. What? Okay, I listened to some
of these people. I know what they remind me of. They remind me of little infants, little
kids in a sandbox, so typical in America, man. Grow up already. Is it possible to grow
up? No, I don't think so. That's why we got all these mouth-breathing idiots. They can't
grow up. Oh, he was a racist. Oh, guess what? So who cares? Who gives a crap? I don't know
anybody who isn't a racist. Do you? I hate Jitsies. There you go. Everybody's got something.
Okay. It was a racist. So big deal. So a freedom of speech doesn't say, well, freedom of speech
unless you don't like somebody, unless you're going to offend somebody. You people haven't got a
freedom clue. That's why this government, these Nazis can come along and take away every freedom
that you ever had, except of course that one. And nobody's going to make a peep. Even little
bow peep ain't going to say we're going to be mum. Oh, he was a racist. Wow. Who gives a crap?
Like Al Sharpton's not a racist. And Jesse Jackson's not a racist. And Louis Farrakhan's not a
racist. And all these right wing bastards attacking all the Muslims aren't racist. Everybody's
a racist. Okay, there's some degree. And one way or another, everybody's got their thing.
Oh, it behind the scenes. He was saying this. Who cares? See, nobody will enjoy Keith
over me more than I did. That's past tense. Did. He's off my list now. And you can try to give
me a sawdance. Nobody's going to come to your house and stop here from watching him. At least not yet.
Go ahead. Have a good time. But I've been in this business for 150 years. Okay. And when I see
people who run around, and if this was the first time, when a guy called yesterday,
that really sealed it for me. I'd already made up my mind, but that like that like they used to
put that ceiling wax on crap, you know? Remember our founding fathers used to
like, yeah, yeah, ceiling wax on crap must have been a mess. But that did it for me.
Because when I see somebody that comes into a place, and it spends a lot of time trying to get
somebody else fired, to me, that's a bad scene, baby. That's a bad poison. So you're in
tell of your opinion, whatever you want. I don't care. I'm a I'm a should have been fired a long
time ago because he was pathetic. But you know, something the fact of the matter is he still
had enough audience. He still have enough ratings that he was making the fan money, big money.
Big money. He sure was the anchor. And you know what the format is, the rest of the day don't show
the fan sports. That's it. Oh, don't whisper now. They're going to come and get your
answer. She was a loner and a whisperer like George. Not a loner. And you see he's a whispering.
Yeah, you are never alone. And I'd like to be everyone. Well, he would like to be a lone. He
wants to be like Redagravall. Who said that? I want to be alone. She never actually didn't say that.
Whoever I know, whoever it was, they didn't say it. WNQ, QAM, hello. Hey Neil, how's it going?
Okay. Hey, I was wondering if anybody brought up the fact that we have the same equivalent
massacre going on just about every 25 days in Iraq right now. Yeah, we have, yes.
It's over a lot of other people. Okay. We're all aware of that. The media, of course,
is not well aware of that. The media doesn't want to talk about that because it's bad for business
and because they don't want to lose their license and get fine and have all kind of pressures
by the government and the FCC coming down on the ranch. That's why because the media have been
brought out. They sold out. When in doubt, just sell out and they did. It's part of the end of
America as you knew it. WNQ, a.m. Hello. 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless
line WNQ, a.m. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir.
WNQ, a.m. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi.
Earlier in the show, you were talking about a 240-pound metal linebacker from which it passed
state. He's actually a metal metal 10 of C state. You keep it dummy. Yeah. WNQ, a.m. Hello.
I like the way we WNQ, a.m. Hello. Neil. Yes. Yeah. I can't believe you thought
Crosh was a good movie. What a terrible movie that was. Yeah. Hey, I just put all the same
rumors. Yeah, they're all sitting around having a party. Yeah, losers party. I can tell
the Korean is on the neighbor. WNQ, a.m. Hello. So we. Oh, Bob. WNQ, a.m. Hello.
Hey, Neil. On a on WXL, they have a. In what? WXL. Yeah. Yeah. Public. Yeah. I know what it is.
Puberty TV. Yeah. Puberty TV. They had a report on Iran on how the war started and ran
and is running. It was so sad. I almost cried. You just. I cannot. Where were the ran?
No, Iraq. I'm sorry. Oh, just you thought it was bad. Wait, do you see this special on how
unorganized and how everybody's pointing the other direction and it's just you look at these poor
soldiers stuck over there in this situation. The blunder that you think it is is only the beginning
what I've seen on this report. Yeah. So anyway, I'm just saying I think you'd be interested to see it.
It's just unbelievable. To depressing man. To depressing. Too many dead people for no reason.
What's really depressing is American public sits back. What about an echo's body? What about dancing
with the stars? Like that. Like a bunch of screaming memes, okay? That's what America is.
A bunch of screaming memes. I mean, one thing to talk about ginger Rogers. What about
Mimi Rogers? They're all gone. They're all gone. They're all gone. Neil Rogers. What about Mimi
Rogers? Okay, she was a screaming meme. What is this guy want me to do about? Why is this guy telling me
this stuff to give me all the pressure? I don't know what's going on. I don't know about the bloodshed
in the slaughterhouse. What did I tell you at the beginning? The first day they invaded over there.
What I said is about about M.O.N.E.Y. and O.I.L. I remember sitting in this chair in my fat ass
screaming and yelling and carrying on. I'm gonna as well have been farting into a windstorm
into a tornado. Okay. It was gigantic hurricane into the Red River Valley. 325 votes on our
second pole by the way. So how's that? What's that total now? 1346. 1346 baby. That was a very good
year. What happened in 1346? If you knew your crap, you'd be telling me right now. Well, I don't.
Why you better check it out. You better Google it. You better Wikipedia. WQYM. Hello.
WQYM. Hello. I am at the state house of this kind. These old people hate me a lot.
Like the ice. Yeah. And that was it. That was his contribution. They got with the ice.
They're all out there today. That's because I was gone for a week. Wow. It was me like crazy.
They sure did. Oh, and I missed them like a tumor. The WYM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing?
Okay, sir. I was talking about that earlier and I was wondering if you had a deep
or sell. I could pay George and the guy. WQYM. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir.
I was wondering how do these real old people? Do you still have the dead marino blow up though?
WQYM. Hello. Hey, I don't know if it's a little service any interest, but
the dead Kennedy's lead singer, Jell B. Afer is going to come down to Miami and do a spoken word
little thing there on May 10th. Yeah. Well, I don't know if anybody on your show are working staff
close to that, but he's a pretty interesting guy. Okay, thanks. No nobody cares. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 328 votes
on the pool. I had second pool about the foods that they tend to not eat and how stupid people
are for going on with it. And that's because most people are sheep. Well, we were raised in the
Jewish faith. We were raised in the Catholic faith with a bunch of rosary beads and the
crap on the forehead and the smoke and mirrors and all this other and wafers and wine. Wafers and wine.
That's what I tell you. Just ignore it all. Okay, just forget about it. Pretend it's not
happening. Otherwise, you'll never survive. WQYM. Hello. WQYM. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
On the New York side of the falls is great. The civilian restaurant called Fortuna. Did you ever get there?
No, I don't go on the New York side of the falls ever. I know. I mean, why bother? There's also a
fantastic family run bakery that's been there for over 100 years called Dica Melos. Yeah.
On the New York side of the falls, and what did I just get you saying? I never go on the New York
side of the falls. I know. Who would ever want to go there? You can see the blight from the Canadian
side. That's right. That's correct. Where will be safe? Exactly. Good on here. WQYM. Hello.
WQYM. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was curious why the media isn't talking about the
control demolition that brought down the World Trade Center. Why do you think? Because the government
rules the media? There we go. Now you got it. Very clever. So let's hear it. This guy's really
catching on. He's a little bit slow, but he finally is catching up. What could he go?
Don't start whispering again. Oh, it's bad. And don't be a loner and start whispering.
They're going to be going to drag you ass away. That's going to be the next thing. They'll know
you're a terrorist if you whisper. If you go through the airports, man, and you start whispering
to your friends like, do you think that somebody smells real bad in first class or anything like that?
They're going to come and drag you ass away. Especially if you're like South Korean.
First of all, if you're South Korean, what are you doing on there in the first place?
Didn't we fight a war about that? Korean war worked out really well, didn't it?
Yeah, they all did, didn't they? Yeah, that one worked out really well. Just like the war in Vietnam
worked out really well. Just like the one in Iraq is working really, really well. I'd say to the
British in that Faulkner Island thing's last Malveenas, that one was not too bad, but now they're
starting up again. Now that Prince William broke up with his girlfriend, God only knows what kind of
people are going to do.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
I'm going to do it.
Get the shovel.
Get the shovel.
Go with me and the sky.
With diamonds.
Do you want to relive perhaps the lowest moments in the history of Lowbrow comedy.
Why not order sounds of the stages.
today and soon you'll say
or you might even say
that one eighteen and five sixty wqm happy wins due to its with by Wednesday
or you want to start a little out and plug in one mind and eighty a ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
hey don't forget to get dressed
I'm all dressed I got my choozon my pantaloonies I got my churgon it's all
uh...
you're gonna take your two now I'm taking my two gets not that cold as I like
when you like a little weather report back starting tomorrow it's gonna be a
starting to get toasty man actually might see the sun tomorrow for the first
time in a while
although in a hamster day man it was beautiful
well last three days it was like seventy three seventy five
it was a beautiful thing I saw a lot of beautiful things
anyway it's forty six right now it's gonna be forty eight today and the sun may
like peak out a little bit who's that picture for the red socks he's not south
korean is he
crisp uh... on the words from
he's an Asian guy yeah
well who hell is uh... always against the blue jays where the blue days pick their
ass I do believe at least I hope so
because you know me I'm a real tomorrow oh matcha to he is that what his name is
that just made that up
is that his name
the blue day is two red socks one all right
how do you think that a playoff have lost a game
well there he is it's the suki match suzaka see I never write
dice k what is it dice k dice k
and you dice k yeah
fifty six tomorrow sixty uh... six on Friday and sixty eight with sun on Saturday
oh it's just beauty is what's not the life
three hundred forty eight votes on our second poll of the day oh god I miss his
the racist you know seriously I listen to some of you people I wonder if you've
ever been out of the house
they ever had that feeling about people a lot of times of these older european
all the time
would buy
i think to myself i'm trying to understand in my mind why their behavior so
ruden obnoxious and abhorrent and why they're so loud screaming in your ear
and pushing you and and all this other stuff and I ask myself
maybe these people just out there on the house very often stuff like that
but this series Thursday in Ottawa
rangers can upset minnesota also winners last night here you are little hockey
report for you
penguins took it up the nose from a lot of what
three hundred and four that's a spokesman by the way
three hundred and forty eight votes when a religious uh...
well why do i keep reading it that way i don't know
what was religion you know we're just not compatible i'm allergic
when religion instructs you to eat certain foods uncertain days of forbidden
you need them at all that is crazy a shmit 120 that is absolutely correct
i can't eat pork it's trade i can't have a ham and cheese sandwich it's
trade i can't have a salami and swiss who now doesn't like a salami and swiss
on rye okay even the most far business use out there you tell me you don't
like salami and swiss on rye i'll tell you a full of it
am i right oh yeah i'll take one of them and i'm pumping it to leave it
crazy bastards
uh... an idea for this people came up with not god a hundred and two
something i'm glad i have no part of seventy eight
a lot you better comply with your burn in hell sixteen now we're talking
now we're getting to the meat of the matter you better not be no trade
or be in any of that the macaroni and cheese on the wrong day at the wrong time
seriously there are how many people seven billion six billion
some somewhere on the too many for too many
on the planet crawling around
remember my analogy that i made about ants on an anthill that that's the earth
that's the earth
ants on an anthill
a lot you better comply with your burn in hell sixteen the sign of my obedience
to god twelve hard for me to obey ten
something i a religious person violate all the time five or turning your ass
in how do you like that
we're gonna trace those votes on here we're gonna find your i-pead dress
and we're gonna turn your ass into the lord
then you're gonna be a deep crap
something i do because i'm week three and so unfair missing out on some good
eats three
out of three hundred and fifty
and yet a thousand of what was it one or two one
and three fifty i don't know i just made that first one up i have to double check
it
thirteen seventy one we're gonna go over fourteen hundred total day christ
will do it
they knew not impressed with your say well that's combining two different polls
that doesn't really count whatever i say counts counts you know what that's why
they called the near-roder show
they're called they'll call it the christ-men ratio
they don't even call it a George Rodriguez show
although they will when i hang it up
and then yeah they'll call it out somebody was asking me that the other day
what's going to happen to George i think it was your close friend branded on the
uh... i am yeah
i think he asked me that last night what's gonna happen to George when you hang
about getting a job in radio
and i said probably go back to north Carolina
or montana the northwest somewhere
yeah maybe back in a radio what a question state
i'm thinking about that
but then every twice a month i keep looking at that big fat paycheck and i think
myself why you know i'm sitting here my underwears
and i don't have to be down there if i was if i had to be there forget about
it i've been long gone
one word the other either dead in the box you just out of town
wqa m hello
what you're back in
uh... wqa m hello
wqa m hello
i still have my power back from walmond
and i believe him
five six seven o five sixty
thirty two people get slaughtered yesterday
whatever the hell it was
for jenny tech
monday
well what i can't keep track of the days and tool for that monday well there's
talking about her all day yesterday
it's only Wednesday
time i missus talking about nappy headed hose
and in the call finally gets uh... we finally find out that it's the good guy
not the bad guy it's not the howard the howard's through an imitator guy
who's the father
and what are these people talking about
hi rod
wqa m hello
what's your obsession with hokey
rar ho
wqa m hello
hello i'll be on our way okay sir
as i just want to know javiny room up there in canada because
at the way i look at it
if you look at the shape of the state of florida like the penal area of the
united
and it's yeah
it's horrible
jorge you have kids let me ask you question
do you believe that your kids are following you or you should just go
tomorrow you think it's better
and just uproot him and relocate
what uproot him
i'd like to take my kids out of this cell
that's what that's what the responsible parents are get your kids out of that
god for second toilet now okay if you can if you're looking for falling out of
the toilet would you let them fall down there would you reach in and pull them
by the leg or the arm pull them out of there
and i think that's a sensational example right there if i do say so myself
and myself in the back of the leg because i can't reach my back
i think that's a magnificent idea take your kids uproot him and get them to
hell out of there before it's too late to come to before they become
for really nice whatever the whole that means
i'll give you an example what that means q a m
yesy
that's what it means
wqa m hello
no more partial birth abortions
array array
wqa and how
five six seven oh five sixty
i was too bad to get no more partial birth abortions
but what guy didn't get on
he was okay
three hundred and fifty five votes on that secondary full man about eating
trache
not eating halal
see this is a big part of the problem that's why Florida needs a people
transplant that that's one of the main reasons
you don't have no India people you don't have no Asia people
you got too many of the same too much i don't want to start saying latino
that would be bad then juridic at all said no you want the word is
Latin as long as we're speaking english
we're not who said we speak in english
i don't know are we on the ring no sweet water
then why should we be speaking english and in my any
no speaking english iE okay cut the crap
need a little more variety a little mix it up a little bit okay
remember that guy from the Reagan administration came on my show on w
snooze a hundred years ago giving us some of the dance about well we've
decided in washington that south for does going to be the dumping play this
was off the air during the break the dumping place for illegal aliens
that's that's very nice i thought that was Southern California
no that you're living in the past now distant past
you're trying to pick on the mexicans again is that the deal
no i would never see racist racist
poor he is a racist he hates mexicans and jifsy's
not a person against them in the he is the brisk in the french and the dutch
boy those dutch oh my god but the good part about hamster name is that there's
all these tourists in there from all over the world and
some of the thus people are pretty uh pretty
cooperative feel rogers on five sixty q-8-m
she's white- soy in Kyusha
deep white weeks swimming out
looked like itA heka ro Avec
now  of the body robo
The purple sheds body bells and eyes full of her eyes not bowed.
She happened when she realized, she raised for criminal plows.
The purple sheds body bells and eyes.
And she says, me, oh, it's crappy and she raised for her eight six sacks.
She's a trowel sheds and takes down bricks to have a water.
The says say, what's no voice?
What's like she's carrying a fallen ball between her thighs and eyes,
but is felled in eyes?
She's had the feet to walk,
and the feet always surprise.
She's with the wretched sheds,
but the purple sheds body bells and eyes.
She gave a short push and she said, push, not bowed in heels.
While the blood still be mentioned back,
and smells just like the magic sauce on a big hat.
While the voice reads that the sun is for dying on a bad day with money,
that will be mine.
Okay, 133 of QA and Mad Dog coming up at two,
and I said no more, I'm just, but I'm going to change my mind again.
Okay.
Well, no, I got a really good combo.
One of your very favorites, Ted Raw.
Yes. Yes he is.
Ted Raw, you all.
Why is this keep printing out?
Quit printing out of their extra stone.
Use the first amendment, but not in public,
Don I miss in the triumph of economic McCarthyism?
That's the headland of the article.
The first amendment gives us the right to express our point of view,
but it doesn't give us the right to use public owned airwaves
to communicate it said, Mark Moriel,
president of the National Urban League.
The first amendment protects every American's right to freedom of speech,
Phil Sheridan, sportswriter for the Philadelphia Enquirer of Triumid,
and it doesn't protect racist, type-paying media jobs.
Talk Radio Host on I'm Mrs. April 4 reference to female members of the Rutgers University basketball team
as an apprehended host, prompted calls for resounding by an ad hoc alliance of
politically correct liberals and opportunistic conservatives.
I'm a say political liberal, have been on the rights hit list.
As Josh Silver writing for the center left,
helping to impose summarized the left and right in the streets argument,
for those who feel that the firing of I'm Mrs.
has been in front to person- I'm in free speech protections, consider this.
I'm Mrs. Still a free person, he can start a blog.
Mel Gibson can still say whatever he wants to read a wrote to the New York Times,
so can Don I miss Rochelle and Bon Ann Coder,
that personal consequences may follow free speech,
like losing your job or learning not to say vicious things,
doesn't violate the Constitution.
In other words, your boss should be able to fire you if you say something he deems vicious,
criticizing the president's say.
Did I miss have a legal right to a spot on drive time radio in New York?
Obviously not, but that's not the point.
The question is, do the 1.4 million people who tune them in every morning have a right,
a moral ethical right as radio consumers, to listen to him?
Yes, they did and they do.
As for I'm Mrs.
if 30 years of producing high-quality, highly-weighted radio shows,
doesn't give them the right to be on the air, what does?
Why must I miss those?
Racist or not, Don I'm Mrs. Mix of Over the Top Read,
where comedy sketches and intelligence and long-form interviews of Politico's
can't and won't be replaced?
Personally, if financially he'll be fine, he's richer than God and half is old,
but lives of his 1.4 million listeners will be a little poorer.
Libertarians spread the memey, excepted equally by liberals and conservatives
that censorship is by definition, and action that can only be undertaken by government officials.
But the US government rarely censors.
Does it logically follow that the First Amendment is taken sound in our Parliament open
and free-weeding marketplace of ideas?
As anyone who consumes media is aware, the free market is a far-from-effective means
of assuring widespread access to a wide diversity of expression,
left in white forces outside the narrow center white mainstream range,
or unbelcom, and America's increasingly consolidated blend
and corporate-owned newspapers radio and TV outlets.
Economic censorship silencing a person for his opinions or performances
by firing him or refusing the hire him as the weapon of choice for the new McCarthyites.
After CBS Radio executives gave into the mob calling for imists
as head media matters for America, founded by 90s,
righty henchmen turned liberal watchdog David Brock,
issued a press release calling for more blood.
It's time for news organization journalist other media figures
to re-examine the tone of their broadcast,
risk-facing the same public outcry that forced NBC's hand-broad scoops said,
there are many host-on-talk radio and the cable networks
who'd be well advised to use this incident as an opportunity to examine their own behavior and change.
Closing your eyes and you can almost see the Bush administration's spokesman
Yeref Lyshire threatening that after 9-11 Americans need to watch what they say
and watch what they do.
The TV program politically incorrect with Bill Mara,
the target of White House's bullying was dropped by ABC shortly thereafter.
Mara later landed in New Show, unlike PI,
there is only on the Premium cable channel HBO denying him access
to most of his former viewers.
After right when put it in quarter called jotted with a faggot in the speech,
media matters partnered with the gay rights group,
Premium rights coalition to promote a cut and paste email campaign,
urging newspaper editors to drop a syndicated column.
The ill-conceived and possibly illegal scheme encourage people to pretend
that they were local readers of the relevant publications,
at least nine papers agreed that censored colder.
Now liberal punishments like the New York Times Bob Herbert
are using the IMAS takedown as a staging ground for a
PMRC style attack on popular music and the right-wing counter-parts.
The people who fought back against the racism and misogyny
of the IMAS in the morning program need to keep the momentum going, Sus Herbert.
Keep the pressure on the companies that sponsor this rap music garbage.
I'm a snoop dog, Michael Savage.
It doesn't matter where the bigotry is coming from,
what's important is to find the integrity and the strength to see it for what it is,
a loathsome solace-drying disease, and then to respawn accordingly.
Behold the gospel of the economic censors.
The First Amendment remains in full force for them at full pay scale,
but scale back for those they don't like.
Snoop Dogg and his fellow gangster rapers should be freed of peddler smut
on CDRs on Harlem side walks they say, but not to have distributed and sold in stores.
You know, we're most people by music.
Economic censorship perverts the axiom that the answer to bad-free speech is more free speech
and is something simultaneously frightening in the idiotic.
The answer to bad-free speech say, Mr. Isbrock and Herbert is to deny it's speakers of public forum.
The blacklist epitomized McCarthy era of the late 1940s and 50s actors,
directors, screenwriters, other Hollywood professionals were refused
employment by the major studios due to their alleged left-wing sympathies real or imagined.
There was government pressure but never government censorship.
It was purely economic.
When they tried to work outside the studio system, Hollywood blacklistes were mercilessly harassed.
Paul Jericho, writer and producer, recalls an incident while filming independently in 1950.
The FBI swung into wax and will be industry swung into wax and we found ourselves barred from laboratories,
barred from sound studios, barred from any of the normal facilities available to filmmakers.
One star would come up from Mexico to star on the film Lesoro Riguelto's was arrested and deported before we finished shooting her role.
Writing in the Anne Rand-oriented Capitalism magazine in 2003, Michael Berlin,
made the same twisted argument today, so-called progressives, about I'mus and rap music.
The Hollywood blacklist victims were denied employment by executives who were exercising the right to hire whom they wished,
a fundamental right in a free society.
The right to freedom of speech prohibits the government from interfering with the expression by ideas
and that means that an employer cannot be forced to propagate ideas he's opposed to we said.
Hippocrates all, the censors refuse to subject themselves to the same freedom-hating standards they would impose on their enemies.
They believe that they have the right both to their rancid fascist opinions and their highly paid jobs in the media.
Writes your pal Ted Raw.
Nice calling Ted.
Hey man, you go, Pally.
Although that business of 30 years of entertaining, yeah.
That's a New York thing, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
It's a Dan Rather, Tom Brocaugh thing, and Tim Russell, Pacey Face, Irishman from Buffalo.
Nevertheless, how many votes we got on the poll?
On our second poll of the day, 383, man 383 in the trouble one, is I think we got the 1400 beat.
It's 1021, whatever it was, we got the 1404.
Mark that down and your limperist, Chris.
1404, you got it?
Yep.
Third day back from vacation almost said second day.
That works like a term.
That means that George must be working Friday, right?
Yeah.
Oh right.
Oh right.
And to that we don't have a Marlon game.
We can play the tape of the Marlon game tomorrow.
Oh right.
20 till 2 a.k.a.m.
Time to talk about my main man, Anthony Kelley, and he recently and more than ever he's been getting a lot of calls from his competitor's clients who tell him personally that it's taking way too long to close their loan.
So if you're currently dealing with another mortgage company, he's giving you the run around and taking longer than 10 days to get you to the closing table, then it's time to call the main man.
There's nobody in the mortgage business who can close your loan faster, more efficiently, and give you the VIP service you deserve when dealing with the largest transaction of your life.
The main man will compete against any of his competitors rates personally.
Guarantees that nobody is got a better team to get your loan close from start to finish.
And no matter what your situation, good credit, bad credit, bankruptcies, whatever it is, there's almost no deal a main man can't get done for you.
So don't waste another minute of your valuable time with the wrong mortgage company giving you the run around, get with the program and call the main man today, toll free.
It's 1-800-Main-Man, that's 1-800-Main-Man or online, it's the mainman.com.
You're going back to Canada, you stupid bastard.
I've had some thrills in my life, two free bags, and siphonife, such books.
I'm thrilled about my cars, two quarterbacks, and I'm hungry and I'm thrilled to give my throughout the cloud.
Was the thrilling evening when I thrillingly found out?
Oi, Luis Miguel is on circumcised. Can you believe it?
It's a big party.
It's such a pile of crap with a little flap.
Carey Bruce once was but couldn't retrieve it.
We had such little hope with just an electron microscope.
Jazz McCabe won't show it, Andrew Michaels is all too willing.
Randy's gym once did, but then it wasn't too fulfilling.
Now what?
George smiles all the wild is quite the smell.
And some matter of taste.
The whole world's on circumcised, since I found for Luis Miguel easy on the car bottles.
Since I bow for Louise McGell.
That's something that's what we need to do to reinvigorate this radio station.
Start playing a lot of Louise McGell again, you know.
All right, remember those days, even the WSU went in time for those
cymbals chasing days, baby, those were the days.
Oh!
Oh, I thought they were.
Somebody once told me that.
Look, we got an even 400.
That's 1421, baby.
What a wonderful year that was.
How about you, Christopher Columbus was thinking about making a big sale.
Yeah, probably wasn't born yet, but nevertheless.
You think?
I don't know.
He was Jewish too, Christopher Columbus.
In fact, that was the original song, The Whole World is Jewish.
I wish till I had that.
Often, ancient album, when you love The Whole World is Jewish.
And you know who was on that Frank Gallup, who used to be the host,
he had a real deep voice of Lights Out Monday night.
So, how about you, chicken, I can remember his that show, Lights Out.
Very scary show.
But nevertheless, that's what we need to do.
That's when we had live TV.
That's when TV was worth watching.
And you know, the amazing part of it is there are only like two or three networks back then.
I think that even is pre-ABC.
We had NBC, CBS.
I think Dumont was on.
You know, I'm talking 100 years ago.
I think in my declining shows now, this last year and a half, whatever it's going to be,
the next couple of months, whenever I decide to say goodbye.
I think we have a history lesson.
For all you young whippers, snappers, that'll be pretty exciting.
That's a whipper.
Snapper.
You remember that bit we got that drop in where Henry Barrel says,
I've tasted your whipper.
Remember Jack the Whipper?
What was that?
What?
That dial tone.
I don't have one.
You didn't hear that?
Nope.
I heard it.
Nope, that's all you.
Get out of here.
You started with that thing.
Yeah, we're gaslighting you.
No, brother, it must have been somebody's cell phone.
Was it your cell phone?
Or maybe it was my blackberry?
Oh, it was my blackberry.
I'm calling.
I don't want to call anybody.
Kind of stupid crap is that.
Get out of here.
I was calling again.
I don't want to call anybody, okay?
Stop sitting on it.
Yeah, I was in accident.
Let me hang up on this thing.
I'm not trying to call anybody.
It's your close personal friend, too, by the way.
Maybe I can put you on here with him and you two
can talk behind my back.
Why not?
And call.
Good.
Now, give me out of this thing.
God, I hate that.
See, you know what happens when you have a poisonberry like this?
And maybe I guess when you have a cell phone and you have
a number of stored like that?
And if you leave, if you leave, you don't delete the numbers in the box.
And you actually accidentally like push up again.
And you run it.
And you're like, you're in your pocket.
Like I carry it in my shirt pocket.
And you hit up against something and it'll like press the thing and it'll like fire off a phone call.
Well, that's not good.
Now, you don't want to speak to somebody.
So what is it that you want to say to him behind my back?
You're a fat bag.
Oh, okay.
Well, he knows that.
407 votes on the second part of our poll today.
A two-for-a-parter man.
Oh, don't tell Joyce.
Two-forter.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This has been okay today.
I would say, you know, on a scale of five.
I bet about a minus to 5,000.
I'd give me about a plus, you know, four billion and an audience about a minus infinity.
But then what's new about that?
There were a couple of calls.
I know you're right.
The guy from about the harness racing.
He was really good.
Who did the mile?
You named me anybody who raised with who did the mile?
Oh, my God.
You old cockers out there.
These are the guys that hang around down at the rail.
Like Lester Reinscher.
I bet he's dead.
Can only hope.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I got the side of the road.
So in the state, tomatoes all over the place.
What's that?
Yeah, who cares?
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yes.
32 college kids got killed in Black Lives Matter.
What kind of a phony accent is this?
How long you've been working on this phony accent?
I said 32 people.
How long you've been working on the phony accent, I said.
And are we one of those?
Yeah, okay.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
We get it from UNICEF.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
My ex-wife is a bitch.
567-0560.
Come on, you can do it.
We only got like 10 minutes, which means we only got six.
Which means we only got five.
We got about three minutes.
Not that I'm counting you understand.
I never do that like a countdown.
Like I'm anxious to get there.
I'm out of here.
Even though I do have my shoes on.
And my pantaloonies and my very nice shirt.
I got my shirt and my shoes and my pantaloonies.
And I got my blackberry and my poison berry.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to go find me a good machine.
I'm a lot of practice though, you know.
Don't go broke.
Hey, I just got my tattoo.
It doesn't go broke.
Let me say it again.
I got my tattooed fund checked from the IRS yesterday.
So you got an anchor like 20 minutes to come.
Do you want me to tell you how much it was?
I'm not going to tell you how much it was.
I know how much it was.
How do you know that?
Because I was here when you told George.
All right.
Now he's still cleaning the puke off the board.
Exactly.
So you think I'm going to clean out a woodbinder, Mr.
You think I'm going to have a rough day?
This is what you call a stress-free day, man.
That'll get you another hour to play.
Stress-free what?
That'll give you another hour to play.
Negative.
He's very negative.
You know Josh did such a great job.
Oh, I know.
I deleted yesterday.
We had a guy.
I remember when people were stealing Josh's profile page
for whatever he was going to buy.
Yeah, picture and what not.
And I found another one in there.
Steve, somebody phony Steve, and it was like Josh's picture.
And I deleted them.
And there was no real profile.
How is the Serbian Stagged into him, by the way?
Mmm.
Now, if I'm smart, I will not communicate with that person.
Am I right?
Right.
If you're smart.
Let me ask you, am I smart?
No.
Serbian Stagged.
Well, he's in South Africa.
He's a long ways away.
In fact, that was going to be my next vacation, I think,
in Johannesburg.
That was in my itinerary.
I said he wanted to travel a long way to find that one.
Here's a fact from from a John.
He says, it's been a week last week in Toronto.
I see why you live there.
We loved it.
We took a group of high school choir students who sang
at the Metropolitan United Church on Church Street.
Church Street.
Gay.
I don't go to church, but thought it was very cool that on the front cover
of their bulletin states they accept any race, creed, and sexual orientation
of their church.
They would burn a church down in the US for even printing that.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, John, but they do have
Metropolitan Community Churches in most large cities all across the US.
But nevertheless, I mean, I agree with the essence of what he's saying.
But he's second, it's horrific that 33 people died of Virginia Tech,
but we seem in the US oblivious to the fact that more than 125 people died in Iraq today
because of the crap we've caused, it's happening every day.
It doesn't seem to be a big deal when it's other people on the other side of the world dying.
Hippocrates says John, to which I say absolutely correct sir.
And see you on Church Street, John.
You fare whatever.
410, there are places that are civilized and then there is the United States, eh?
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Oh, right.
Get me some wires and a bad tree pack.
I don't care if they hate from my rack to be used.
Use use to the torture cause they're just playing their game.
Oh!
In the past, it had to be worse with Saddam who's saying.
It's impaired.
What how worried y'all by two this week?
That they could get me and who else will ever love her.
The two listeners in our audience will be excited to hear the new comma.
C-coma, comma, comma, comma, comma, comma, D.
Oh, I think I'll cumma, D.
That's the comedy bit.
Well, it's not sports related, which could be the situation.
Oh no, it's sports related, all right.
And that's what makes it fun at Col.
Fun, uh, fun.
Fun, uh, fun.
Yeah, funny for us to giggle.
Okay, here it is, gentlemen.
Volty out there.
I can get this electronic device to work.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
N didn't dup dup dup dup dup taking sound with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
Take it away.
I make sounds with my mouth and I make sounds with my mouth.
So I make sounds with my mouth and I make sounds.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I'm making a sound with my mouth.
I want to play to the zillion.
Bye bye bye!
