I probably never read any of his work, like his book, The Rees of the Universe.
But you might have seen his cameo appearance on The Simpsons.
Now, for one night only, stand up comedy at its best.
Light is a chicken across the road, because the fur expand and its DNA told it to...
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
That's right, Stephen Hawking stand up comic.
He's coming off his stellar performance at the World Physicist Convention,
and he's bringing his act to you.
Don't miss this opportunity to laugh until you twitch.
What do Mars and Janet Reno have in common?
Both our places, no men have gone before.
It's Stephen Hawking stand up comic.
We are all going to hell, and I am driving with us.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Oh, I love those rim shots, baby.
It brings back bad memories of the Jury Reynolds show, remember those?
No.
The George Duck.
What are you doing right here, man?
Well, what are you doing?
Right here!
Ha ha ha!
You're right there.
Right here.
Wow, I think something happened to George.
I think he's on tape today.
Anyway, the reason I played that astrophysicist Stephen Hawking
who's been confined to a wheelchair most of his adult life.
Oh, and how about that Roger Ebert that we just saw in the video?
Wow.
He's got some kind of...
He's got cancer with a what?
Throat, mouth, tongue, head.
Something.
Boy, he ain't looking good.
I'll tell you that.
Wow, wow, wow, wow, Roger Ebert.
That, I guess, is God's payback for those really crappy movie reviews, isn't it?
I think so.
And isn't it something how, who was the other one, Gene Sisko?
Who we liked a lot?
He was a good guy.
Yes, he was.
He croaked years ago.
I mean, while Roger Ebert now, you see Roger probably thought he was escaping the wrath of God.
At the time that his partner died, and now all of a sudden he's getting it.
Wow.
The Lord works in mysterious ways, boys and girls.
Just keep that in mind.
God works.
Damn God.
In mysterious ways.
Anyway, Stephen Hawking has been confided with Walter Moeck's visit on life expects weightlessness to feel like bliss when he goes on a zero gravity flight today board a refitted jet.
For someone like me whose muscles don't work very well, it'll be bliss to be weightless talking to the AP and interview EI yesterday to a day when it was.
Hawking 65 was at Lou Gehrer's disease.
It'll be the first person with a disability to fly on one of the flights offered by a zero gravity corp, a space tourism company.
Flying from Kennedy Space Center, K. K. K. K. Vanerville, Florida, the jet creates the experience of microgravity and 25 second bursts of steep plunges over the Atlantic Ocean.
Normally, the plane conducts 10 to 15 plunges for its passengers.
What sounds like my experience at wood by yesterday plunges.
I didn't lose that pad.
I lost, but not that pad.
For those who are keeping track, like they got to place the quarters, whatever that guy is, that idiot.
The plane conducts, I mean, look, if you can only afford to play nickels and pennies, you just go have a good time.
It's not a question of how much you're going to lose. It's just a question of whether you have a good time or not.
You will lose.
Normally, the plane conducts 10 to 15 plunges for its passengers who pay $3,750 for the ride.
Although that fee has been waived for Hawking, he's getting it free.
How do you like that?
I love freebies.
On Hawking's trip, the jet will make a single plunge.
Other plunges will be made only after doctors and nurses who are accompanying the after-physicist on the ride of nature that he's enjoying it.
Then he's having a good time.
You have a good time?
Good.
Yes, I am.
Utt, Utt, Utt.
We consider having him waitlist for 25 seconds as a successful mission said, Peter D.M.
D.M.
D.M.
is D.M.
This, Chairman and CEO of Zero Gravity.
If we do more than one, fantastic.
On his hand, his legs are voice-talking.
When he was his facial expressions using the muscles around his eyes, eyebrows and mouth to communicate.
Otherwise, he's making sounds with his mouth.
Otherwise, he relies on a computer and talks from a synthesized voice.
The computer's attached to his wheelchair and allows him to choose words on a computer screen via a sensor that detects motion in his cheek.
In this cheek.
Right, D.M.
He won't have his wheelchair and talk and computer on the jet with him.
Although his assistant will bring a laptop in case he wants to communicate beyond facial expressions.
I hope it goes okay, Hawking said, but there's always a chance things can go wrong.
As in.
Oh, no.
But anyway.
We're supposed to care about that.
By the way, you care?
I don't really care about Stephen Hawking at all.
No, I don't.
I heard he was a...
Is that making me insensitive or bastard or...
No.
I don't care about that.
He'd fall in love with me.
Nasty, lousy, piece of crap.
I heard he's a crazy dancer too.
Who's that, him?
Yeah.
And me too.
Oh, speaking of people with no talent, why am I saying he's got no talent?
You know what?
He'll grant.
Is there any debate about that?
Oh, he's got to see one character himself.
We've got that one thing that we can't play.
But I...
Oh, it's as trumpet and crump it.
No.
Is that all he has?
Hey, Prince Charles!
Y'all want a date?
This thing's antiseptic.
A date.
What could happen?
If I get busted cruising for quim, I'm so upset, bullet-boss.
You can't say that either.
Will you send the wedding invitation down?
I'm telling you.
When you hear I've been fishing for trout,
If all the tabloids tell the whole world
That's I, shot and scored.
Will you still read me?
Will you still bet me?
Shall I bow to the poor?
So far so good!
I'm not going to lie, I was just missing you,
And your English...
Well, like I said, so far so good.
That was okay, too.
But it's so boring.
Like him, he's boring.
Hugh Grant has been arrested and questioned by police in London.
After a photographer accused the British actor
of attacking him with a tub of baked beans.
Oh, right!
Let's see back in the day when we could play those sounds.
That would be so great right now, you know.
All through the story we could be playing songs, but I can't do that, raspberries.
Photographer Ian Whitaker told the Daily Star to have heard that he in Grand 46, clashed
near the home of the four weddings in a funerable star.
He can't act, he doesn't look good, he's a jackass, he is a behaviorist, abort, and grotesque,
and on a separate level of the net he's a hell of a guy.
He sucks.
Whitaker said Grant abused and kicked him to his day before loving the beans.
The paper printed photos of Grant with a plastic tub of food raised over his head.
Grant's lawyer, Shillings, oh I see, it must be an outfit, said an incident taken place
and was now an investigation in incidents had taken place.
A police spokeswoman when asked about the incident said a 46 year old man had been arrested
Wednesday evening and questioned if the London police station after an allegation of assault
in West London he was bailed to return in May.
Hugh Grant assaults a photographer with a tub of baked beans.
A level teach them paparazzi man, then paparazzi, then teach them to quit screwing around.
All at all these idiots that they bring in all these stupid right-wing politicians
to tell us how wonderful things are going in Iraq.
Not to mention John McCain who had a hell of a shopping experience.
In that market with his flak jacket and his bulletproof vest and all that, he's been
spewing a lot of flak.
They're giving us a bunch of proper gang demand but in the meantime their dialogue flies
over.
There was suicide car bomb attack on an Iraqi army checkpoint in northern Iraq killed
10 soldiers today, police said while the US military announced that a US army lieutenant
colonel has been charged with nine offenses including eight in the enemy in Iraq.
Oh just what we needed.
In other developments seven Iraqis were killed in 14 wounded and two other bomb attacks
by suspected insurgents and it goes on and on and on.
Wednesday four Iraqi police officers were killed when a suicide bomber struck a police
station in Balad Ruiz 45 miles northeast of Baghdad and it goes on.
I could read a whole thing with a pseudepresson and it's all about the bad stuff that's happening.
As opposed to the really neat and nifty great stuff about the few people that are still alive.
It's like reporting the dogs that haven't gotten lost since we last talked.
Wouldn't that be good?
That'd be great.
We could go a lot of time with that.
Yeah, there's ginger and skippy and tiny and them.
I didn't get lost.
All right, here's yesterday's pool and I think we should ask it at the beginning of the show.
I like it, but I think they did because we have 1500 11 boats.
It's not bad.
What drew you to South Florida?
It's a good question.
Boy, and you're still there?
Holy moly.
I was born here.
That's my excuse 394 and my syphilis lie with you.
394.
Work or business 2 to 2.
I don't live there.
Thank you.
God.
190.
I guess yesterday I must have been reading them off the monitor.
That's why my head was cranked around the other way.
But now I'm looking straight ahead so I can hit it.
Deal, God.
I'm really easy and feel good.
I didn't whip lash and stuff like that.
What drew you to South Florida?
The weather 171.
The weather dummy.
What else have we got?
There ain't much else.
The weather.
My parents dragged me here and I remember that was a late last minute edition thanks to
our Faxure W2B.
Thanks W2B.
Like your network too, by the way.
Isn't that the network that what's his name is on?
What's his name?
I'm welling.
I think so.
That gives me a swelling.
I haven't watched it in a long time.
It's still on?
Small head.
I don't know.
I guess.
My parents dragged me here 150 moving into a very respectable fifth place.
Nice going WB.
Certainly not the people 120.
Not the people.
Oh Jesus God.
I escaped from Cuba Haiti at center of 65.
Marriage 56.
Well that sounds like a Q56.
Marriage 56 on your radio dial.
Probably got a better signal than we got.
A vacation 31, commitment to a mental institution 25, the beaches only 19.
The people 17.
Now not the people 120 and the people 17.
You see the difference there?
You see these isism between those two numbers?
A lost bet 16.
I can relate to that.
A prison sentence 16.
I escaped from New York which I thought was going to and the person who I sent that
in thought oh this is going to have a Zidane people on that only six.
Only six.
I escaped from New York.
Probably a lot of the other New Yorkers don't feel like they escaped.
They felt like they were sent off to service sentence or something like that.
The nightlife only five because other than those four blocks in South Beach there really
isn't any.
You know what's the nightlife?
I don't know.
South Beach.
Like I just got through saying those handful of blocks.
The wildlife five.
Now there's some wildlife around that town make no mistake about it.
I can't tell you what parts of town because then they'll get misconscrewed.
And a conventional trade show three we actually went up with three people and we came to the
town for a conventional trade show and they stuck around and they said boy this is paradise
or maybe they just didn't have enough return for it to go back home wherever home I'd
been like you know upstate New York Geneva Dunkirk for Dona.
Maybe the pew.
Those wonderful places around Buffalo.
Don't ever go to Buffalo by the way.
Now somebody was telling me not too long ago that Buffalo is like that they're redoing
it and it's becoming more cosmopolitan and it's let me just put it this way.
Buffalo blows.
I don't care how cosmopolitan it is or how many shopping joists they got or how good
the wings are or any of that stuff.
Buffalo blows just keeps that in mind.
Okay it's not a place that civilized people want to live in.
Stop over to.
Hamburg's okay where Buffalo raceway is.
Where they got the buggy horses you know.
The buggy horses.
Oh god.
You know if I had a dollar for every stupid person in the US you have any idea how much
I could leave in my will for a joke.
No.
But if I had a dollar for every stupid person I wouldn't even wait.
I would come down and bring you everybody money right now.
I'd be handed out like John Rockett.
John D. Rockett.
He used to hand out dimes on street corners.
Yeah he'd be extender.
Yeah.
Hand out dimes on street corners.
Multi-billionaire.
And would hand out dimes.
Thanks Mr. Havagrade.
Hey hey he'd be welcome here boy.
We got more sluppers on the street corners and I don't know about you but they get on
my nerves.
They really bother me a lot.
I'm not so much talking about the grizzled ones who look like they you know like they
can't even afford a Gillette track to or anything old like that.
I'm talking about the ones who look like you know young healthy they give you a lot
and give a job.
Lane Bricks are just getting laid or doing something.
But no spare some change.
Yeah can you help me out and of course the answer is always sorry.
No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
See a bone of car on the side of the road you know you're deep in the heart of fire right? I'm a king. We're heading down that danger highway.
you.
It's about twenty-four hurry up and find that out far away
If I'm back is a little place where it manages to get you down
I'm back baby
If I'm back baby
And I'm back baby I'm back
Don't stop
I'm back baby I'm back
We've got some action here and I'm back
Baby I'm back baby I'm back
Ten, nineteen, and five, sixty, WQM, Happy Thursday, QE
Let's take a look at that award-winning QAM schedule
Such as it is, we got the Mad Dog at two
And then the power of Mad Dog in the Humper
And then Hank at the Dolphin Cat
They're all going to be a Dolphin Camp, five to seven
And I write they're all going to camp
Far as I know
And then we got Hurray King hotline at seven o'clock
Any interest in that craft
And then eight to ten, it's the NFL draft
Preview show, all right
It's only Thursday and the draft is on Saturday
But we got the NFL draft preview show at eight
And then ten o'clock to one a.m. It's Game Night with any K
Game Night for what?
What game?
The...
The marbles aren't playing
I guess the heat's playing tonight?
No they're not, they are
I don't know
I have no idea or I couldn't care less
Now what happened in the second game in that series?
Did they already play it or is that tonight?
No they played it the night they got their buck whipped
Again?
Well they lost by five of the first game
And then the second game to the...
Well the second game they were close until the fourth quarter
And then Chicago started like a little way
They seemed to three run to start the fourth quarter
Oh no!
What are we going to do about that?
Sack, sack, sack!
Anyway who cares?
I've said it a while, it's Game Night with any K
That's our award-winning line
No games today
Wow, the marlins actually won a game yesterday
Let's hear it!
For your Florida marlins, what do you say?
Any interest?
No
Now here's Jeff sent...
Oh and Chris just sent me a...
MySpace
Chris Archerus?
Yes
Said you a comment?
Yes
Correct
Well why didn't...
You noticed how he left that long pause like I'm a crazy person
Something like that which I am, there's no question about that
Why didn't you need me to agree that I sent it to you?
Just to verify it, just to make sure that it was you
You know the kind of hanky song that goes on there
And it was something about Sandy Claus getting arrested
I approved the comment right away because I start with from you
And I figured maybe it was amusing and then again maybe
What was the... just a bit?
Santa Claus is being in trouble with the Rutgers for saying hello, hello
No
Oh no, he didn't say nappy, ho ho ho, did he?
Maybe he said his sleeper now, he's taking a nappy, ho
Ho hat, bad, it's bad, it's bad, it's bad
Well okay, well it's digging a deep hole here and I'll never get out of here
A deep hole?
A deep hole
Jeff says also on that same my space in your face on our place
He says just wanted to let you know that your favorite boy toy,
Brady toy my ass, I'm sorry
Brady Quinn will be doing your live chat this afternoon at 5 p.m. on subway's website for one hour
I thought he was talking about Joff, what?
I thought you were talking about Joff, he said your favorite boy toy
Oh, what do you shut up already, you fat?
Goofball, I was gonna say something else
Be in with an F
Go to www.subwayfreshbuzz.com at 5
And that was bad to say that, you went to all the effort to put that stupid comment in there about the ho ho ho
That's all good, no it's not
Go to SubwayFreshBuzz.com at 5 and tell me you love to have a pair of his pantaloonies
Now that is so disgusting man, hope would buy ones they treated you well, no it did not Jeff, have a good one
I have a good one
But anyway, you like a pair of his pantaloonies?
Oh, Jesus!
You gonna be with that?
Oh, I might use him as a coffee filter
Oh, like I'm gonna be sniff it as underwear or something like that like guys that are panties
Guys that sniff panties, oh Jesus God
Oh, that's our format on the rest of this thing
Talk about desperate, I beg your pardon?
That's our format on the rest of the station isn't it?
Sniffing panties and sniffing John Stratton, who?
I guess so, I guess we need to tune in tomorrow to find out if Kenny and Bo were getting in me
If I have to keep hearing about how much they're getting or not getting and about the guy in the slammer
That broad came to where you know have her way with them
Oh, God almighty, who cares okay?
Jesus, God go find her friendly sheep or something as my suggestion
Brother
Dr. Heba Kolb is tackling a taboo subject in the Arab world unlike anyone else
She's talking about sex opening on the show broadcast over the Middle East
Let's carry that instead of all that business about the Kenny and Bo get laid last night
Let's carry this
It's a big first in these parts of the world and co-OSC
It's KOTB, how long you pronounce that?
Codab
Leave a little uncovered
We talk about masturbation, sex over the internet, we talk about sex and Ramadan
We talk about the wedding night said Codab and settled the big talk
The show is broadcast once a week over a satellite channel from Cairo, Egypt
Doesn't say how big
It took the 39 year old mother three years of negotiations to get her show on the year
And the main reason she succeeded there is that she only talks about sex a lot in the Quran
Sex between husband and wife
Everything else?
Uh-uh
But even with that guideline it's no easy sell
The promo for the big talk starts with Codab saying sex, don't be afraid
Join me to talk about sex without shame
Don't be afraid
Come over here Brady
And people are doing just that
The show is gaining popularity throughout the Middle East so much so that Codab
Just side with a new production company and plans to push the sexual envelope even further in her discussions
For the moment her main advices for married couples have more sex
You have nowhere else to get your sexuality from your spouse
Oh yeah, it's the only source available so it's very important she says
And for the men she has some blunt advice, you have to have four play with your wife
And you have to have sex with her frequently, not just when you want to
Like every two, three, four hours, every five minutes every now and then
All the time over and over again
Growing up Codab desperately wanted to be a surgeon
But years later when she started a family after medical school wanted more time with her daughter she decided to change paths
Leaving surgery felt like falling from a very high point to a low point
I thought, oh my god
Oh my god
I'm gonna end up just doing something less exciting
I want to be productive she said, or is that reproductive
It was while making that decision that Codab was writing a dissertation on sexual assaults
For a study she needed to discuss normal social behavior and suddenly realized she had no idea where to start
I thought, oh my god
Oh my god
Me a medical doctor as a master is working on a PhD, there's no anything about this
How did all these people I was reading know about sexuality
She started researching while wondering why her part of the world was so averse to talking about sex
It was something Codab wanted to change, she fought away in the Kharan
A passage that discusses sex between husband and wife
The passage reads, your wives are as a...
Tilt
Land or soil to be cultivated unto you, a Tilt
So approach your Tilt, unless she's filth
When or how ye will, but do some good act for your souls beforehand and fear Allah
Fear Allah
That verse she says makes it known that sex shouldn't just act when the husband wants but that the wives have rights too
I was so proud of my religion when I saw that my religion was advanced enough to talk about women's rights and sexuality
How many years before modern science did she have?
From that moment there was no turning back
It's too late to turn back now
Cornene's brothers and sisters always don't you dare play it
Cool, we got her first degree in a clinical psychology in 2003
A year later she was earned her doctorate
There it is, I would say 1971
That's what I would say 1970 or 1971
Give you one doll for that
Oh wow, what is it?
Subitone too
Oh, I'll fight her
Cornene's brothers
In the sister world, what they say
My mom
A year later she earned her doctorate in human sexuality, clinical, sociology and pastoral counseling from
Mamanides University in Florida, what's my monodies?
I don't know what your monodies are
Oh, all the while her family showed steadfast support her father helped to pay for her doctorate
While her husband kept pushing her to do what she loved
Oh what a plan, words that is
And shortly after getting her degree she did opening her clinic in downtown Cairo
And at the beginning things were rough, it was a mess
I only had one or two patients a week she says
But five years later things have assured change
Now her calendar is booked three months in advance
She expanded her work to include TV including the big talks several months ago
The show is by all accounts popular although you wouldn't know it from walking Cairo streets
In the middle of downtown women refused to discuss the show and asked about it
It was an expected sign of just how sensitive the topic of sex is in the Muslim world
I'll tell you I don't know how sensitive is before in my building here
They sure are reproduced like rabbits I'm going to tell you that
I don't want to suggest that you Muslim people out there making lots of babies
Maybe it's like a lot of immaculate conception
And just like all other religions
There are beliefs are based on ignorance, intolerance and hate
Absolutely
So if you don't find getting on your knees and praying to the great Gush T
Healing those who don't agree with their real rhythm
Hanging out with folks and be doing don't find glowing up something
Here's the five-debriving you should be
Oh my god I'm excited you want to know why?
Why?
Because we got to the whole thing I didn't even audition it during the break on cue
And we didn't have to dump it or bleep it or stop it or cut it short as I hold it
You can't play that!
Funny pointed, excellent work, Brian
It is, must must must must must must
Let's just do that the whole time with my mouth
Must must must must like that not easy to do though
That for you
Let's take a look at today's pool before we move on
I got quite a story here about that pill pop and fat ass
Right wing piece of teardrush limbaugh
Russia's magic negro routine
Evidently he's got a song parody he's playing
And it's called Brak the magic negro which you know that's rush for you
Okay, not that he's a racist you understand but nevertheless he is
808 votes on the pool
Which illegitimate use of your computer at work are you most frequently guilty of?
Huh?
Visiting neo-roger's dot common voting on the pool 222
I guess that makes sense because they're voting on the pool
See what I'm saying?
Checking out the news 147 hopefully on neo-roger's dot com
They might check out some interesting news on there that they won't read in the weekly reader
Or in the certainly fish wrap and herald
Sun sentle we do like though for some reason why don't we like about the Sun sentle
Well they said something about us or whatever I don't know
I'll say to the reason I like the Sun sent you I want to know what it is
Please because it's not the herald
I see
I never misused my work computer 126 yeah right likely story give me a break
Surfing porn 124 those who are addicted to pornography I guess are probably surfing porn even at work
And getting somewhat stimulated no it nonetheless and watch keep your hands above the table at all times
No surfing porn at work 124
Reading my personal email 90 nothing wrong with that
Read your personal email by the way
Playing again 33 listen to music 19 listen to music at work
What up I guess all depends on what kind of work you're doing I'm not your looking what
Josh doesn't Josh who court is correct why is everything I say with you good I think you got the hot for Josh
I love George I think that's why you're talking about my little boy Josh and little boy this and you're very blue and blah blah blah
And I think you got what he's smiling right now is he right there now yeah I don't know if you would Josh if I was you I wouldn't get too close he for 10s
He's in that Russian girlfriend years I think he wants to be the middleman and I don't think he'd I don't think he'd pay any attention
I could be wrong about that I think you are this time you're right now he wants a Josh sandwich is what I'm thinking that's right anyway can we get paid
Now listen to music 19 I thought Josh listen to this show while we're on here yeah what's the shows over people use the music you're not listening to sports shows
You know listen to the mad dog and a hump or something and in a good draft preview show we got tonight today NFL draft on Sunday
Oh my god I think the pressure is going to be so great I'll have to stay with my all day Saturday oh brother listen to music 19 ordering merchandise 15 now that's good
It's good for the economy spread it around a little bit what is Josh need how is there anything you need now that I took care you got that
Check like the free breakfast that we got from how he needed that is he still air yeah
Yeah, he's howin down that I'm not the check and I want to talk with his mouth about the bacon anything else you need like from Amazon calm or like from you know anything under a hundred thousand
I could use a new phone since he flushing his own yeah let's screw you I'm not giving you when the closer and flush you down the toilet what an idiot
I'm not getting the main thing ordering merchandise 15 visiting my space 14 wow reading a blog 13
reading a blog while you work my god I can see dropping a log when I'm reading a blog and watching a video five
Now are we gonna that video that you sent me which I passed along by the way oh yeah special that interview gone bad where was that was that
Toronto yeah
Oh my son it's a it's extra special
You didn't tell me you had that kind of x rated for more reasons than one he didn't tell me had that kind of fun walking around the street down there
That's that drunken old day oh yeah that's really fun if I saw that man I'd wonder the hell who wouldn't know if they only knew watching a video
Five 815 books we got a thousand lick here easy Chris has already made a contribution to our my space page with his whole whole
Oh brother that was really clever no wonder Josh wants the job back
Now you're doing just fine Chris don't let don't let him give you any crap okay you do this fine no problem I'll say one thing
I don't think Josh ever sent us any posting there any comments for our page any did you ever send these stories Josh
He's still there he's still telling them he's ignoring me well like I said screw him
This guy's with an attitude you know he's got the check it's already been cashed I can't get that so he doesn't he doesn't need me now
I've got a couple of months before he needs to start sucking around again he what a couple months before yeah oh yeah I'll be in a real big hurry to send the next one
Let me tell you that right now he's doing a fine job with those stories and you know what else you ought to be kissing my ass because Saturday was it yeah was Saturday I didn't have time
I had more important things to do but Saturday I will miss a like one story for Sunday am I right remember that he does he said yes
And I've had to when he looked at that he said to himself oh right yeah the old thing didn't be a wonderful favor I didn't do you know for the thing I was down there and I forgot about it you know I mean like this sort of exciting
when you're a soft floor duh you just forget about these things so I guess this Saturday I'll make up for by sending you about 500 stories just to keep you out of trouble over the weekend
It wouldn't want you and your Russian girlfriend to give them any kind of a spat because you're you know giving the trouble on the side let's break it up
Yeah so you you can pick up the pieces on you screw you man ain't going to happen she wouldn't touch you with Josh's hand oh I got it broken up maybe she is Russian you know
Oh here's a great call coming in QIA how do I know that 815 on the pole we'll get to a thousand real easy today we got no pressurites and ice Thursday we got the NFL draft preview show tonight now what's going to happen after the draft on Saturday
What do we do then I mean the rest of the station the other 20 hours we kind of like coast for a while or what do we do well we get ready for a day two of the draft what do you mean by that
Well the draft is two days Saturday and Sunday come on you're making that up where we want me to look at that schedule Saturday
Oh and look at this look who we have on the draft show he's already on the team Jimmy Cifalus wow and look who's working from tendinun on Saturday boy I'm going to take this schedule a sore setting
with that be Kenny Boer Alex Kenny and Bo and Alex Marvets the three of them tendinun on Saturday look who's going to tell us if they got laid Friday night and then Jimmy Cifalus my dog and the big oh oh who is rock solid will be on
Noon the 630 with that draft stuff and of course we got the Marlins got to stick their nose in there and then we got you and baseball on AM 1360
and then 1030 we got that show called jockstrap so you're waiting to snip up a storm there's oh
I'm so straight I'm so straight I'm so straight I'm so straight I wonder if I can still get on with the stadium Tony or ball one I look good and one of the blue bass
What's he singing about Brady Quinn or what by the way they got the Calipers out and Brady talked them all the combine and the whatever the other thing is the NFL combine what do you
know what those Calipers they were pension it yeah they were pension and inch 831 votes on our poll right now we're going to get a slight
into a thousand no problem no swetsky Adam Howard on the nation rights rushes magic Negro routine disgusting grotesque and unacceptable as usual but rush can get away with it because he's got to support the Nazi regime
Rush limbaugh's obviously learned nothing from the outrage and anger unleashed by Don I'm his unfortunate nappy headed hose remark never wanted to shy away from unfunny humor limbaugh recently played a song parody on his radio show in which Al Sharpton
personator played with stereotypical gusto sing the song filled with idiotic assumptions about black people and dripping with ignorance called
Barack the magic Negro perhaps this kind of garbage set to the tune of puff the magic flag into someone's cup of tea limbaugh does have millions of listeners and they do adore so much of what the man says whether
he's lying pulling former president Clinton's daughter or suggesting that Michael day fox is exaggerating the effects of his Parkinson's disease so I don't expect his
list used to dessert him over this what does surprise me is that vice president chanee among other major conservatives is still a regular guest on limbaugh's show I don't anticipate the kind of
repudiation that's on I miss receiver his transgression from him or anyone else on the right with regard to limbaugh it is true that I miss was tried because he was on
national cable news network and was perhaps less associated with being a provocateur than limbaugh but I still think chanee and his ilk should
be used to appear on limbaugh's show from now on I wonder will there be any outcry I think people becoming so desensitized to this not they just don't care
about the inevitable phony apology and or Al Sharpton protest I'd like to see calls for limbaugh's removal not just from the black community grow
from the supporters of the president vice president who are not racist who don't find jokes like Barack the magic Negro funny
but this will never ever happen limbaugh's entire career and success is based on being petty and juvenile so one more stupid act will most likely change nothing
personally I'm just disenhard to that so soon after the I miss controversy came and went the so called shock jox and right wing nuts went right back to business
as usual didn't like it I continue to use racist new insult and humiliate the so called shock jox since when the hell was he ever a shock jox
where that come from hey the extra level yes we played my the reason with all the evidence here we'd be gone by noon by eleven
coming here and dragged me out of this room and they coming at studio and drag both your ass off and probably jox too just for good measure
just to make sure that don't get on me or no mo no mo don't do it you give it to a mo
836 on the poll no speaking of sex a former priest I was just thinking of pregnant pausner okay don't get all antsy notice Thursday it's almost Friday
it's almost the end of the week just relax a former priest to retire from a four-letter day of Catholic high school
while you talk about horny people you think the Muslims are horny the Catholics you see when you repress people they rebel man they strike back
so if you repress and suppress there are a hundred times earlier than they wouldn't have been otherwise not that they wouldn't have been but not quite so bad
but when you suppress and repress that's when they really wanted bad they wanted a lot and the priest too a former priest to retire from a four-letter day of Catholic high school in December
made questions about his alleged involvement in past sex abuse incidents oh my god has been retained by the school as a consultant through the end of the academic year
that was like when they kept Greg Reed around a QM as a consultant after they booted his ass out the door and then they brought him back at power for about five minutes and then they booted his ass out the door again he's still a consultant
he's a consultant okay just like this guy was a group of St. Thomas Aquinas high school parents expressed tremendous concern about Ernest Duranty 68 I wonder if he's kind to Jimmy huh
of Hollywood and Lutter said yesterday the Archdiocese of Miami the former guidance counselor has been training another school counselor
I'm demonstrating administering SAT advance placement other exams on the campus advance placement I know what they're placing and I know where they're placing you know I mean yeah
probably he's majoring in altering boys the letter one sign by the parents urged Arch Bishop John Fevello to remove Duranty from the school
the Archdiocese of Miami with John St Thomas confirmed that the former priest has been working as a consultant saying he's present on campus only during after school hours
and has had no regular contact with students how about irregular contact with students huh that's probably the kind you like best irregular contact though I can't tell you where
probably round the near the rectumry I've been periodically going back to help train a female counselor there's no involvement with students to ready told the hero
I don't counsel students I don't talk to students unless a situation arises unless something rises in the Levi's
a student could see me or ask me a question about testing the school has never told me anybody's complaint Duranty said no student has ever questioned me he said
in other words they all obey I guess Duranty had been identified in 2005 Philadelphia Grand Jury report on Catholic clergymen accused of sexually abusing children he was not charged with any crime but the report said he sometimes wafst
as the fellow priest sexually abused a 14 year old male student 1967 as seven of a Catholic high school in Philadelphia he sometimes wafst
you think he just stood around watching you think maybe he was doing something there while this was going on I can't give you any ideas what it might have been
the Grand Jury report said Duranty in the college maybe it was just there to give it a helping hand you think so
the Grand Jury report said Duranty in the college Reverend John Schmere always in Lincoln Schmere I've actually gave a few licks and plenty of Schmere's
the Reverend John Schmere took the boys to homes they shared in Philadelphia area and the New Jersey shore where they gave him playboy magazines
and introduced him to a teenage girl ah ha it's spotlighted a one and sit up where Duranty and Schmere went swimming in the deep end of a seminary pool where Schmere took off the boys bathing suit and fondled it to him
talk about doing off the deep end the priest was rubbing up against the boy according to the report released in 2005 by the Philadelphia District Attorney's office
father Duranty was in the pool watching wow wonder father Duranty had his froc on an archdiocese spokeswoman said the top church official didn't know Duranty was retained as a consultant by St. Thomas
he'll be put abroad it to attention yesterday this was a decision made at the school said archdiocese spokeswoman Mary Ross at Goster
adding that she confirmed Duranty's work as a consultant through St. Thomas's principal Tina Jones he's not on the grounds during the day he's the actor school hours she said he's meeting with his replacement he's not
thinking with students at all that we know of archdiocese officials hadn't seen the same Thomas parents letter she said Duranty will let the priest to 1987 to get married oh my god and was a guidance counselor at St. Thomas Aquinas for 10 years before his retirement in December
told the hell that he never sexually abused anyone during his long career as a Catholic school educator in Philadelphia or South Florida I'm totally innocent Duranty said I never saw father Shmere do anything I never watched anything Shmere has since been removed from the ministry
so you know it had all been made up
right oh Duranty said he reluctantly retired from St. Thomas in mid-December because he didn't want the school caught the middle of a controversy
Duranty asked St. Thomas to accept his request to retire due to personal reasons and the school did so by facing the announcement on his webpage thinking for his years of faithful service
the announcement noted that Duranty has denied these allegations stemming from his 10 years of priest in Philadelphia and that no charges were brought against him
in my mirror stance he said it knew of no sexual abuse complaints filed against Duranty as a guidance counselor at the four-letter day of school adding that he cleared two background checks by the FBI and the FDA and the Audi Audi Audi
he was just there in a pool he didn't know nothing was going on he's got bad eyesight
wow
now what's this pool here who has thought is most beautiful person and sound see me on here
and let's go Nemus because I'm out there and he and my mubiach senses and what do you think?
Anna Cornel-Holio she's the most beautiful person and he does have a mikaic lacy's on here he's sure a lot prettier than she is
yeah he is yeah le rod rigas on record drive who's that I don't know le rod rigas you don't want to record drive on channel seven you must be a commonist I must come and surprise Jacky
believe her while in univision 23 vain to trace that's a little assets Lewis a Gary channel seven hey Louis yeah
thank you Shakira see what she got to do with South Florida they did their most of these people lived in South Florida
I didn't either and Shakira certainly is not from South Florida maybe he hangs there and I'm a man
what about Eric Baldwin Josh courtes his girl and Josh courtes if Josh courtes is the most beautiful person
South Florida thank God I'm very very rarely that is just that is scary I mean you know he's a good guy and everything else but
well what is with all these people I think it must be a vicarious to the girlfriend you think that's what it is
let's be they want to get to her through him so to speak
by the way how's duck doing speaking of stuff like that you know what I don't know if you're doing nothing about you know I don't want to go into it again
it's just too depressing there's no point he's not going to change nothing's going to change just give me that contract to sign let's extend another 500 years
keep the money coming and the game goes on play ball baby play ball 852 vote which illegitimate use of your computer worker you most frequently
guilty of guilty of guilty of guilty of the missing the erudges that come and voting on the full 240 and of course it makes sense that to be winning because they're voting there's the vote see get it pretty difficult to figure that out
checking out the news on 154 I don't believe you I never misused my work computer 133 I don't believe that at all surfing porn 129 that I believe reading my personal
email 94 that I definitely believe playing a game 33 that can only imagine what kind of game like the priest was playing there in the pool
listen to my markable I have a great line but I'm not going to use it just listen to music 21 ordering merchandise 15 visiting my space 14 reading a blog 13 and watching a video 6 out of a 52 if I was everybody
I'd be watching that they were not going to put that on our thing is it's super demographic in every respect yeah there was an interview gone wrong in Toronto no less than this big fat
dog she took it all off baby she she's all her good
interview about
what solid
any questions
May 5th sink out in my
Mexican national holiday
all stations are giving away trip to cancels I'm giving away trip to Mexico City we're bringing Mexico to you that's right we're giving away
Mexico real life
Mexico
around
we're smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back then we hope you want to you imagine your own
personal Mexico wash your car in your house make your car anything you want because if they don't you'll have them imported
audio some people be the 10th color when you hear this
and win a Mexican members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans
thinking in the logic of Mexicans is winners responsibility station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans that would break single
to my own home every day with your very own Mexican people to think the way it's 11.1 at 5.60 w.q.a.m. happy Thursday April 26th we got
8.71 on the pool this this we're going to go over 1000 or close to it right up against it we're going to be rubbing up against it just like that priest was doing against it
and they could 14 year old boy in the pool
we just rubbing up against it we just try to get ready that's all sure how do you get to know somebody unless you kind of like rub
up against them a little bit like a try to talk to 20 30 minutes
U.S. Democratic lawmakers voted yesterday it is subpoena secretary of state condolese rice condolese condolese
how that go to testify about administration justifications for the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003 all these people this entire
fascist regime should be in federal prison now they should be an alky trash is where they ought to be in fact this president
especially with his alky background ought to be an alky trash on a party live vote of 21 to 10 the House of Representatives
over site and government reform committee directed rice to appear before the panel next month or else Republicans accused
Democrats of a fishing expedition but Democrats said they want rice to explain what she knew about administration's warnings
later proven false that Iraq had sought uranium from knee-jerk for nuclear arms that used to be niger and before that they called it something else
there was one person in the White House who had primary responsibility to get the intelligence about Iraq right and that was
secretary rice who was then president Bush's national security adviser said committee chairman Henry Waxman
California Democrat with that funky mustache and evolved head
the American public was misled about the threat posed by Iraq and this committee is going to do its part to find out why
Waxman said that's what everybody wants to know why isn't it sure what maybe not maybe it's not what they want to maybe they just don't
give a crack eight hundred and seventy two votes on the full because the way I look at it this couldn't be go aw
three Atlanta police officers and that in killing of an elderly woman anybody care about that CNN does everybody care
okay not crooked police we didn't and so forth and nobody ever heard of that that's unacceptable and unbelievable
and it okay I think we have like a phone call interlude here somewhere if we go I'm not doing that line nine again if I can just
go to drop it right off there well what's the plug you know what it is that's what it is five six seven oh five 60
pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line you watch when this delay catches up man it's going to be dynamite
see there's line nine going yeah yeah how do I know that well you don't have to pay for it online nine crises in
later brown where is he he pays for trust me oh I doubt that retail would who would take money from that I figure
plays double see how this phone is smoking now we got a call coming I think it's going to be a sure one now WQ Ryan hello
speaking all right now he's got a fan club now he's got inventators who are just as stupid as he is excellent very good
sir very very good I knew you could do it WQ I am hello yes sir you were reading yesterday about what is that fruits
and vegetables and things that you need to eat I tried to get through yesterday but I couldn't get through
how much I'm a fat cow like some of us down here in South Florida I'm going to lose the weight yeah here you go
and I want to know if you have that article on your website so I can read it tonight no no what could I find that
MSN MSN mm-hmm okay so I'm going to try to lose weight and look at how good you oh yeah good luck to your
all right thank you to you want to look as felt as me by the way 187 on the scale this morning no crap yesterday because its
needles expensive would buy and diet it's the most expensive diet in the world but it works you just go there
and you sit the machine you try one doesn't do no good you try another machine and so crap but in the meantime
you're not eating nothing that's certainly didn't have any ice cream or crap yesterday aren't you proud of me for that
I am again today you know today's another day and if you if you just avoid because I'm so weak
if you avoid mentioning rocky road stuff like that or rocky itcha Maria that may have been pulled
question which would read me or rather spend the day with the tub of rocky road or a rocky itcha Maria
if we could bring a back to him back the clock I mean he's a nice fan of old is he about 80 now Stevie
Bauer he looks more like top of our WQ I am hello I'd like to take Georgia upon it WQ I am hello
Hey do you live 9 6 WQ I am hello Q I M hello
Uncle Neil how's it going sir okay just one that say happy four side chips with the WF and
lift the hammer with the canada gory saw thank you sir what do you say no idea oh new he
8.79 although that was our best call of day so far I do believe I could be wrong about that I mean
the fact guy that wanted to lose weight and hear about the fruits and stuff like that we got plenty of fruits
you ferry here's come to Toronto man we got non-stop fruits cold up and down church tree baby you'll see more fruit there than in
public trust me about to even Norman brothers produce we put to shame what's the place down there in
Kindle where used to go all the time used to be a sponsor model not Norman brothers that's in a
DB road extension I don't know the fruit market the fruit and produce market I don't know about the
big Rudy places oh come on you I thought you knew your fruit mister yeah he was helpful there's a
Norman brothers down there too no that's not the one okay smarty pants that's not the one I don't think maybe
answer one W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello
W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello
Q.Y.M. Hello
Yes sir did I hear the Josh in the studio today no he's not there was as soon as he heard you call he ran for the hills
you've got to get rid of poorly and bring Josh back please why you like the sound of his voice does he do so
a lot of service and a lot of my friends done it yeah right he don't want nothing new with the
schmucks yeah totally they got the hats for court so you know what that's all about I think he must be
stunt he must use the Serbian Stadions picture every dentist profile on there on my
place in my face in your space must be 882 on the pole by the way yes Josh there I want
him yeah and according Chris he's already spoken for not not that Russian chick but me you know
it my little boy by long distance we're doing it by long distance W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello
Neil yes sir did you hear the miss or I'm totally gonna have 49 contestants this year did I hear
what the miss America page and is only going to who cares why do we care about that because it's
going to be some tasteless jokes and be something really crude and rude and bad bad and not
funny either by the way but nevertheless W.D. Q.Y.M. Hello
and you know we have to get Keith back in our good graces you had a great special comment last night you know
when he can drop dead is what he can do okay Keith over my turn Keke can drop dead
he nailed Julian I don't really care what he did okay you keep watching it and they're giving
reports from time to time like once every six months guys in this business who spend time going around
trying to get other people fired I don't want any part of it he's been doing it come to find
up for three years and finally I'm gonna stuck his foot in his mouth along with a
chewing gum and there he was there he was there he was oh you got a fire in my you know
what Keith dropped it okay go away your phone is a $42 bill he really nailed
Julian he great you know it's the same things that Bill Marra crap you know well you
agree with most of what he said and he's still a torp and he makes me want to vomit he
makes me want to get on my hands and he's in puke just like this one look who they got on
there now I'm not talking about her I'm talking about Julie Lieberman is in their
pontificating he's whining and pontificating okay I sure hope the wine is
managed shevets baby and a better be kosher for paysock W.A.M. Hello I don't
know a long time this no long time past long time call or yeah but I want to
I just read in the paper earlier that Q.A.M. is with the we added on the
dolphin that they get rid of the Mars now know you hate the sports but I mean who
said we're getting rid of the Marlins just they added the dolphin they they're
gonna get rid of the Mars now is bugle behind is you you is what behind it crazy
person oh I know that but what did he say is bugle behind it Gilbert I think you
know Gilbert behind it yeah Gilbert done it okay old pop I W.A.M. Hello good
morning you yes sir I just wanted to congratulate you guys on getting the
dolphins back man we don't care we don't care we don't care I'm a show
okay we one way or the other we don't care other than we get dolphins season
tickets to give away but other than that I really don't care about it I just
even so I still don't care very prestigious and very you know meaning list to
me this is this is four hours of it's not that we're against that stuff we just
not interested if I'm gonna sit here and pretend to be a dolphin I mean that
would make me the biggest phony and the biggest tip of it I don't care about
them other than I'd like to see them go like oh and 16 would be a nice record
but that's just my personal feeling you know it's not gonna change because we
got the broadcast here on the air and I'm not gonna start singing Miami Dolphin
because that's one of the worst songs I've ever heard my life not to mention one
of the worst teams but that's me so who's the quarterback gonna be I think AJ
uh touchy female is coming back WQ I am hello male yes sir
I'm on how about you feel or would be good yes I just enjoy you more 15 20
years ago your polls especially for me to tears yeah oh I don't think I'm
gonna make it through the day WQ I am hello good morning you know how hard
to be a nom the sequel that were that we're having and I rack would hang
with me the most as I know it definitely what the Bush administration is doing
with the trying to do it to add this on so he's got a box that looks like the
general that perpetuated the war I know that's what he's doing I can feel it
and I'm sorry can you feel it and you can smell it I mean it doesn't just fire
up and kiss you up what happened amd he disappeared his phone
I think they cut your cord pal I think the bond the eighths rice just came in
and they cut the cord they're gonna be they're gonna be tapping on your door by
the way a couple of minutes and if I was you I'd head for the basement and
Florida are not too many basements 893 on a pool but I don't want to give the
result because I don't think I'd be really poor to find your breath are beautiful
in toy stores now the Alec Baldwin daddy dear as tall I'm tired of playing this game
let me see Alec Baldwin's all scary I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old
or 11 years old wait a minute you want to stand me I'm gonna straighten you out
you gotta be ready I need to turn nothing off it's mean to me
I'm gonna really take you to get me get the sun gun you little bastard
I'm gonna leave you
you
Alec Baldwin daddy dear as tall sun guns hold separately
love of 17 at 560 W. I'd say he needs a stun gun that's condom Lisa waiting to hear this
all right
secretary said you gonna be okay now or why some of the
show the little one the one ball right there at the
secretary said kind of Lisa rice in Norway today appears to have rejected
representative Henry Waxman subpoena compelling her to testify before the
House of a signed government reform committee on the intelligence used to build
the case for the phony Iraq war that's cheeky and a press briefing in Oslo
according to the AP's Matthew Lee rice took the opportunity to state
directly for the first time she didn't see her testimony is necessary I think I
have more than answer these questions and answer them directly to Congressman
Waxman she told reporters the secretary said also invoke the executive
privilege is a reason for not testifying this all took place in my role as
national security advisers he said there was a constitutional principle there
is a separation of powers and advisors to the president of the constitutional
principle generally I'm not required to go and testify in Congress yet he dodged
not right rejection according to Lee she declined to respond when asked if she
would absolutely refuse to testify under subpoena her spokesman Sean McCormick
said later that no final assembly made about rice appearing before the committee
meanwhile rice existence she would send another letter to representative
Waxman on his inquiries about the faulty Iraq knees year evidence used before
the invasion of Iraq I am more than happy to answer them again in the letter
she said she's gonna send them a letter like the box tops
Waxman earlier marked there was no use in exchanging any more letters yesterday
he said the committee hearing which used to disappear had hit a brick wall
they run into a brick wall you know what that's like sometimes you you would
like with people you're going to a brick wall and just you know you just splatter
all over the place I know wait on the pool by the way it's kind of great and the
phone is just gone dead again and here I thought we were often running I
thought we could hear that right up to two o'clock the new I thought so too the
way that there was building there oh wait I'm gonna say I wouldn't let's say
I'm gonna get a crescendo five six seven oh five sixty our goal today is I don't
know on the pool I don't really care our goals to get a bunch of votes will go
over a thousand probably next hour no sweat but our goal is to take two thousand
calls what about that draft baby the NFL draft this weekend any oh I never
got to that schedule that's the important stuff Saturday we got and I have no
idea with that's all about nine to ten we got the real deal no punches poohed
which is you know not embarrassing enough but then ten o'clock we are Kenny
bow and Alex Marvez Alex Marvez along with the other sports writers who
basically own QAM now isn't that pretty much how it works you got our win bag
and Alex Marvez and and then the do Rosenstein the Schwarz-Worths crants Jimmy
Sifilis Jim Maditch and the big O and the Beast had dolphins camp 12 to 630 on
Saturday for the big draft oh god and then Sunday 9 to 11 in the morning to
the big O and Alex Marvez Alex is just all over the place like I said he owns
the station him and I were win bag I guess they bought it behind our back and
then the big O solo from 11 to 1 we we dump Alex at 11 thank God then we got
UM baseball on 1360 and I don't see any more draft stuff once we get into the
any fifth round I guess nobody cares is that the deal Chris yeah pretty much because
you've got your Marlon game and heat rewind and unwind and whatever else WQ
I am hello yeah what I was trying to say yeah okay well go say it to somebody
all schmuck go say it to somebody else okay get lost get out of our get out of
our universe go tell it on your reinies go tell it on the mountain now that's a
good song Peter Paul Mary but you don't have that go tell it on the mountain that
Jesus is born baby go shout it from hilltop the hilltop Jesus the infant child is
born there's the three wise men and there's Mary and the Getzkees WQA M
hello I don't have it WQA M hello hey Neil yes I want to graduate you and the Q
A M we're gonna say giving the dolphins yeah for the dolphins yeah the other day
you did see 301 on the area called with George no I did not I said 201
you're a schmuck you're an idiot how come you're an idiot you can't be larger
than your thumbnail is that yeah up your ass WQ I am hello hi yes how you doing
Neil okay listen I don't know if you know about this but on time it is going to be a
large protest against George W Bush at Miami-Dade Kendall campus yeah and
just off what you might be interested we're going to have to protest he's giving
the commission speech and we're gonna go out to protest for another thing all right
how a good day okay you two see I guess I could be really enthusiastic about that
but what's that could accomplish I don't want to sound a defeat is to anything like
that is that going to accomplish anything oh the Democrats gonna grow a real
pair of balls do anything about of course not well we have another non-binding
vote yeah non-binding my ass okay I got something binding for it I think about 42
pounds of provolone man that'll do it provolone and mark mark upon is not the
cheese that they made what do they make with mark upon I don't know I'll take it
right now tiramisu oh really yeah with mask of mask upon cheese hmm why
should I like my tiramisu if it's good otherwise it's not good nice and firm
mm-hmm WQA M QA M hello now if my hair means WQA M hello I need it
man it said WQA M hello yeah I'd like to play with you at WACTIM WQA M hello
hello I am you can do it yes hello hello you're disgusting old queen get off
the air no no WQA M hello yeah Neil yes sir it's what he's wearing but how you
doing okay what he um Buffalo's a great place to go to see hockey game Buffalo sucks
okay the savers are great they kept at his last night like I predicted they
would the ranges are going to lose in four-street but Buffalo blows and you know
it if Buffalo was so good how come you're in Florida all these years Woody well
hello blow Buffalo blows Woody come on with all due respect you're a good
guy it was good for hockey game yeah and and Buffalo blows out of the bill
oh anyway but yeah even you have no material what do you blame it or tell you
must be something in the air down there today nobody's that I'm a
material I just I can't I can't understand it but I just try to watch as much
hockey as I can yeah well I'm sure the audience is thrilled to hear that okay
what do you got get a haircut get out of here he tries to watch as much hockey as
he can and you think the audience cares about that but what oh there's Wayne
Redden from the senators that's what we did so he's there on one of those
stupid as NHL channels are we got hockey going all the time here how's that
least TV coming may believe classics so let's get that on watch your
disposables oh they're in they're in a break once the game gets on again we'll
put it on for Woody Grayboro okay and then the rest of the on-solo bye bye see
you even the guy that thought I was better 15 years ago who's glued to the radio
right now he's got crazy glue he's sitting on it that's right when he stands up
here's me real out double the Q a m hello Eric Kumaro yeah Eric Kumaro is gonna
line up for the dolphins all right there we go I'm so glad he mentioned that
because I was trying to think of that name before the show this morning back at
IOD there's breathless Joseph Gackie Eric Kumaro is gonna line up for the dolphins
and like he was supposed to be excited about that did he I mean anybody ever hear
him after that oh Kumaro my ass always the same thing like Sheriff Kumaloge
WDQ a m hello WDQ a m hello yes sir one thing I'm one of those there's
David P on number 14 what is it sir can we talk about I miss a little bit sure
well a couple weeks ago you get what is it you have you had one guy complaining
like Kurt Vonnegut had just died and why you talk about I miss but Kurt Vonnegut
was a frequent guest on I miss and was actually like a buddy of his I just want
to let that guy who was bitching about that yeah I miss I miss a lot and I heard
about him from you and when I first you know I used to stay up late and try to
watch him at six in the morning didn't work it was awful but I started to take
it and watch it later and you know really good clinical discussion he was nuts
but you know it's a shame you know I wouldn't mean there were good political
discussions how could you understand anything he said he mumbled for the last
15 years oh brother turn up the bottle oh who oh who where I went
thought it's better you know what was great he'd be talking to these
classy people who thought you're a classy carry whoever and he would just like
throw some up all what you say I would speak to my toes let me tell you
something when he was a comedian and a clown years ago Don I miss was great
when he decided to become a political expert maven for mogen he turned the
swill that's my opinion I'm glad you liked him and all that stuff I never
garbage you know I never I remember his records like the cheeseburger woman all
that right he would never really want to hear too much though but until he was on
an SMDC but you know like I mean you first mentioned them I I was up one night
and then I'm hungover watching that he comes on at six and we like boy we had to
be hungover to watch him okay I have a great day sir you're putting me in a
coma okay he liked time it's okay good let's hear it he liked time it's really
good oh my god 927 votes evil what do you notice had nothing to say and that's
because it's nothing to say Thursday stuff cold huh stuffy nose
head ahead I love you can take one elite cold and sinus and feel great all day
or four of these others because they can wear off every few hours oh god it's
coming out my nose oh god look at the size of my nose
panther only one kind of we got our son is this
filled at the spot us when time right down the moon rock in my nose although we'd rather be
time I guess
I look forward to picking my nose
and thanks to the fan right me and your thoughts
you apparently aren't shy about digging around in your nose your body
and I have a hunger but I like it I think it's that day clarity indeed with
these even my worst allergy symptoms my congestion my sneezing and my
sinus pressure pigs not grow this grows help me it's grows
I know the beauty of spring with flowers woman but even so my body's
buzzing so he's not don't seem fair to pop those pills and after
team the dose and you live on the another yes still means in all of two
survived the pain in 40 how well it's so plain like crawling
get a fact our lives it's like me over nose
excuse me mad my nose
how big is your nose
I'll let you congestion over in my life again
I hate to admit it but during that entire bit I was picking it and my nose too
nothing wrong with that nobody around you got to be able to have PIP man
picking peace that's what I say especially like in your car don't be looking
over at me when I'm in my car maybe that's why a lot of people I've darkened
windows you know that's a good idea to think that those dark-tinted windows
because they're like picking the nose a lot in there all kind of don't know what
they might be right but certainly picking your nose you're in town to have
and see I get all congestion because the air on the plane is always bad
and I hate that I hate when you're like trying to you know clean your nostrils
off and then there's people looking actually oh you look look over there oh you
see that there's a terrorist over there any other
wilder yeah don't look at me I'm busy picking it
speaking bad after hearing from Florida homeowners furious over taxes
governor Charlie Gaye Christ yesterday unveiled his own property tax card plan that
said were locked 12 percent off average homeowners bills in his first year
reduced their taxes by total more than $2,900 within five years
with house senate negotiations apparently going nowhere Chris jumped in to try to
break the deadlock he hopped right in he's known to do that he sees a
couple of good looking guys are doing hanky spanky he hops right in
he sees the limbo rock going on their westland in the teardrum he jumps right in
on Tuesday hundreds of south Florida residents had told the governor at a
time all meeting they needed tax relief right away now
it's important that we continue to let the legislature do its job miss Chris
said yesterday but she said legislators who've been unable to agree over the
past eight weeks had come to him privately to say we think you can help us
along a little bit the plan presented by Chris to house and senate
conference did not include the crux of the plan pushed by his fellow
Republicans in the house the abolition of property taxes on
Floridians year-round residences and an increase in the state sales tax and
every time I read about him being Republican makes me that much anger because
he's gay oh geez him and miss uh... fully
i've actually they've compared some notes that they know some of the same
people you know i'm saying i could be wrong about that but wouldn't surprise me
they generally tend to be birds of a feather uh... can fabulate together you know
i mean
the surprise me at least but if they've had some of the same experiences with
some of the same
people
nine hundred and forty votes on the pool which illegitimate use of your
computer worker you most frequently guilty of
visiting the arrogance dot com and voting on the pool of course that makes
sense
two hundred and sixty eight for once they make sense and you notice by the way since
we've been that i hate this pool how much plus in her life has become
yeah you notice that my life has become pleasant
terp
has it
sure
i'm surprised you say that why is that because there's that option that's not
already more for those people i don't want to know because that will
oh yeah forget all about that checking out the news online one hundred sixty
seven
surfing porn is moving out there finally starting to admit it one forty four
who are you kidding man it's got to be more than that one forty four my ass
i never miss used my work computer one thirty eight r i goody two shoes we don't
believe you that's what it's there for
is to miss use and abuse and like the fuse
reading my personal email one-eight playing a game thirty nine
listen to music twenty three visiting my space seventeen
ordering merchandise sixteen reading a blog fifteen and watching a video eight
watching a video of what
whatever like that to Toronto thing
all interview gone bad things like that
well that seemed almost like an important graphic section of me i mean she
sure as i was oh what a cow this this guy's one of these men on the street
guys trying to interview people what was the question again about why uh...
something by linked with the body of the
everything that's right should bilingual isn't be uh...
uh... exist in canada people before the speaking russian french
they show a couple of regular
bozo holes coming along and uh... and then here comes this big fat drunken broad
out of that tipsy and and she starts a squeeze in her gigantic over i mean just
i have never even i'll see the board in calibre embarrassed
and she pulls up her her
blouse
and she
with some right out there before she is done she's
she's pulled it all up and she's been right there right away naked as a jay
bird
the right of a full on the presentation
well
and done before anybody out there things are going to get excited about that if
you get excited about that i mean
you really need some serious ass systems believe me i mean all
good galley miss molly
all six-day building in a standable collapses look at all these church running
around the city
though they're all running around lots of stuff on the ground
the cleavage chitletan pull in all in babies out of their borders people sure
reproduced like rabbits don't they i'm sorry
it's true
i just it's like the uh... gypsy's you know what you like so much
yeah
new bosega one of the arms and two or three little ones gathering around with a
cardboard trying to hold you up and pick your pocket and then another one of
the other course
new
down
rana is
It'll be the death of me,
For I'm sponge, your form, and death for love for faith.
Once faith made me glad.
I'm glad.
Now I'm going mad.
This tape that we've all showin',
It's gonna be my undoing.
Too late to be a bad judge, has me ever contained it be.
Tainted be.
Tainted be.
Tainted be.
Tainted be.
Don't be friant, Tainted be.
You'll be dying, Tainted be.
Tainted be.
Tainted be.
Take what you thought it was.
I'll tell you that, 16-Beloon EQM.
Anyway, I just looked at very jacks ass.
And because I knew he must have written something this morning for that goofball to be called in about,
Well, you're carrying the dolphins, but not the Marlins next year.
So I figured it was out of the bag, you know.
And it is.
Very jackass and Clark Spencer right in the anxious herald this morning.
Radio shuffling it says.
WQM560, which is carried to Marlins since their inception in 93,
Won't renew its Marlins contract after this season,
Because the dolphins have asked the station not to.
Three must be official, say yes today.
Before awarding dolphins rights to WQM,
A deal I was completed last Friday,
The dolphins asked the station to drop the Marlins act of this season.
WQM agreed to that request the sources set.
And of course, I'm sure they did so enthusiastically,
Because they've been losing their ass on the Marlins.
What officials said that dolphins eventually want WQM to air a daily dolphins show,
Weekday evenings, which would be difficult to accommodate,
With the Marlins on QAM.
When the dolphins move their games to 790,
The ticket before the 2005 season,
Who did a horrendous job, by the way,
On the pre-game, the post-game, and the game broadcast,
The ticket promise not to pursue rights to other teams.
The dolphins, though, haven't requested that QM drop any teams accept the Marlins.
WQM wants to keep University of Miami games,
Beyond the expiration of its contract, in the spring of 2008.
The Panthers have been on QM since their inception in 93,
Are expected to be on another station next season,
In other words, not QAM.
Good move, because I'm sure we lose money on that too,
Because there is no interest in hockey in South Florida.
Unfortunately, there is no interest.
Why there's a team even in South Florida remains a question to me.
I just, I have no answer for it.
In fact, I wonder if that old leaf game is still on under doing stupid ass interviews.
Boy, they sure got a lot of time to fill.
When your team doesn't make the playoffs, you know.
Trying to get the puck first.
See Sean Avery there.
He's got to get that free arm out.
You see right here, right?
Ranges going down in forced rate, baby.
And there's no knee-erkers, go open in a big mouth today.
Or out of rangers, baby rangers suck.
Okay, rangers, they're like a little league team, compared to the savers.
Okay, nothing I want to kiss to Woody Gravers ass,
Especially with that pony tail.
Anyway, the Panthers will not be on the QM next season that says here,
790 to ticket president, the angry childish Joel Finder.
Waaaaah! Waaaaah!
Said he would have interest in acquiring Marlins and Panthers rights,
But as a spoken weather team, yet there's some more money you can lose.
Joel, that'd be a great idea.
The Dolphins, Rawlins, Panthers, and WQM declined comment.
They're all mum.
This is just very jackass rambling, okay?
And Clark Spencer.
I just want to make sure you understand that I have nothing to do with any of that.
I've just read it from the paper.
So we're not commenting, but there it is.
Saber's five rangers, two last night,
And Anaheim kicked the San Jose's ass.
For those who have any interest whatsoever.
The New York Rangers early in the game, you'll see right here,
What happens a bad turnover by Stracco?
Oh, not Marty Stracco, baby.
That's why Doug McLean hated him like poison.
Doug just got fired, probably because of that.
And what else looks like a ball of meme, man?
It looks like the Sabers.
I would have the biscuit goes into basket,
But it looks like a ball of meme.
It looks like a handle of puck right here.
It's gonna be a two on roll.
Look at, there's another one going in, right there.
Totally excourse, the second goal.
Totally. How do you like that name?
The Sabers got some really funky names on that team.
But boy, they got a great team.
Buffalo is great.
Well, not the city, just the team, hockey team.
I know George is a big Sabers fan.
What?
Everybody and their brothers,
been me wearing Sabers when the Sabers went to Stanley Cup this year.
Next year at the Panther Games,
the 800 people are going to show off 300 of them
and have Sabers jerseys on,
because their phony is a $52 bill.
Phony baloney, man.
Bony maroney and phony baloney, that's off Florida.
956 votes on the pool.
By 1230, we'll have 1000, easy.
No sweat.
Chris feels really good about that.
He doesn't feel too good about the fact that there's not a lot of really great food coming in lately.
I have no problem with it.
You getting all you need?
Yes, sure.
I don't know what the hell to do about that today.
Should I just not eat today with that big of maybe water?
It's great idea.
That's what I'm going to be.
Poisonberries, we read about your bacon maybe.
No, no more bacon.
Bacon's got the nitrates and nitrates.
You're trying to kill me off again because of that will thing.
That's what it's all about.
You're not fooling me.
I know.
I know people who are trying to kill me.
Kill them with kindness, baby.
Leaving behind the Catholic Mass, they grew up with many Hispanics.
Are choosing festive charismatic worship services that embrace an individual relationship with God.
A new study shows.
Damn God!
That's the one.
The nation's 42 million Hispanics are also driving change in the Catholic Church,
which increasingly offers spirit-filled charismatic services in Hispanic communities.
According to the before release yesterday by the Pew Hispanic Center and Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life.
That doesn't surprise stuff already into form part of the second largest religion group among Hispanics.
Evangelical Protestants.
People are seeking God through music and spontaneous prayer, not memorize recitation,
said, Verhidio Sierra, Christian rock musician, and associate pastor of Wainast notisis de Fey.
An Evangelical Christian church in Davi.
Oh my God, an Evangelical Christian church in Davi.
Holy moly rat man.
They don't want somebody talking to them about what God is like.
They want a relationship with God, he said.
Relationship with God.
If you look really good, you know, like the Serbian Stadion or whatever's name is,
or like my friend Farad, who didn't respond by the way,
Hey, Zisco, see his good buddy, Zisco, he encouraged me to email him last night, which I did,
which I really don't do that.
Yeah, well, I did it.
And he read it, he didn't like remove me from his thing or anything like that,
so he's obviously not angry, but he's a very shy gentleman.
Shy fellow, see what an anticspression, a shy fellow.
Yes.
How can you look like that and be shy?
I don't know, I guess maybe that word's off.
People have a lot of piety and cloyot, and anyway, he'll respond.
George has just relaxed.
He's been ready, he'll respond.
And if he doesn't, whatever.
No, if he doesn't, it'll be very depressing.
I like to chase him away.
He got a very agitated, aggravated, and anyway, he's a very good guy.
Look at this, Zisco, come on, baby, you can do it.
Twist his arm a little bit.
You twist one arm, and I'll twist the other one.
How twisted?
About 68% of Hispanics in the US are Catholic, this study shows how unfortunate.
Even evangelical Protestants make up 15% of the population run at roughly 20% of Hispanics
either converted from one religion to another or no religion at all,
all hallelujah, with 70% of converts identifying themselves as former Catholics.
About 8% of Hispanics don't identify with any religion.
Well, I thought too bad.
8%, what you say?
The other way around.
The same that there are atheists or heathens, and going to burn rotten inhale like with me down there,
and some other people I know, but nevertheless, it's soft thought of growing numbers of evangelical Protestants
and Hispanics gather everywhere from small storefront churches to multi-ministry churches offering services for immigrants
and US-born Hispanics alike.
And increasing number of these are Pentecostal churches, whose members believe in divine healing
and speaking in tongues during services.
Oh, and I just played that yesterday.
What a shame because I could have played a little bit of this.
But again, no, come on, quit being such a slacker.
Will you please?
No.
God only knows what kind of swill goes on when I'm not here, man.
So they might be having a lot more than 400 weeks vacation here.
And it's a really good thing that in the year 25-25, we're going to be playing a lot of tapes.
It's decided Pentecostalism's rapid fire spread throughout Latin America said Louise Lugo, director of the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life
during a telephone news conference with Arroberto Sudo of the Pew Hispanic Center.
Arroberto.
Well, Catholic, remember that Arroberto and QAM that listed right there with that groupie I wonder whatever happened to him?
Dodo.
Yeah, that's really bad when he had somebody who's like a really valuable groupie and they just vanish.
You never hear from them and they're like, Arroberto, where'd you go? Arroberto?
I don't think I ever saw him or met him or anything like that, but nevertheless. Arroberto, he vanished.
While Catholic clergy recognized the appeal of Pentecostalism, some dismiss it as a quick fix response to serious questions about faith.
I know many people who love the Catholic Church looking for a euphoric religion said the Reverend Pedro Corses of St. Catherine Drexel Church in Western, a probably remember Church that is 70% Hispanic.
70% Hispanic in Western.
Boy, your people are just... they're everywhere, man.
Going to get to the road of a twist.
Am I referring to?
Troddos on the list, just wait.
No chance. Trust me.
Stop it, the boy. We're cutting them off the border.
O.L.C.A.P. is going to be there. The Canadian Mounties are going to be here.
You have them by leaving the problems and it won't be about friends.
O.L.C.A.A.B.A.S. by New York Key, baby. Just wait.
No peeking at a party.
It's better, they.
They need to feel the Holy Spirit every weekend. Yeah, feel this.
I know a lot of people want to feel the Holy Spirit every weekend.
They want to see the ocean partying. Their faith becomes a high.
Yeah, but they want to see the ocean farting, partying.
But what happens to my faith when that high can't get any higher?
What happens when I crash? Those are questions that euphoria can't answer.
Oh, this is also a caca, man.
Even so, 54% of Hispanic Catholics define themselves as charismatic,
preferring an expressive, pentacostal-style service that emphasizes
an intense relationship with God.
They could all time religion. They're jukin' and java,
and grabin' each other and squeezein' and pleasin'.
Only 12% of non-Hispanic Catholics do the study say.
Let us let some die.
A season including the diocese of Palm Beach create charismatic ministries
that are more musical and spirit-filled than the regular Catholic Mass.
That's it. Let's sing about Jesus. Let's add something that good.
Christian music, baby.
All you need in that tune, I'll break it up. No.
Oh, happy day. I like that. But we've played that a million times.
By the everyone-hawken singers.
Oh, happy day when Jesus was mone, and he was naked as a jabour.
And all of them three wives met with a frankincense murmur.
What was the other one?
Gold.
Gold from lots of pedestrian, man.
In fact, normally, yeah, but it's nice.
A frankincense murmur.
That takes some special kind of a wise man.
A frankincense murmur.
Oh, Jesus Christ, super-starred.
Doesn't sound like we're happy.
Jesus Christ. Super-starred.
As more blazing.
He's angelful and wave a Jerusalem church in West Palm Beach.
150 worshipers filled with cues every Sunday to read the Bible.
Talk about faith with their pastor.
And sing along with the band and choir.
Oh, happy day.
It's gonna be wonderful.
And someday we'll get a brain and we'll quit doing this.
Many of the church's members, mostly Guatemalans, were Catholics
according to the pastor of Orzendo Gonzalez.
They left the colorful icon-filled parades of Samana Santa.
Typical in Guatemala for the study groups, discussions, and intimate services of the West Palm Beach Church.
It is a lot of intimate stuff going on in them Catholic churches.
You can be sure that mostly having to do with altering boys.
In Guatemala, Easter week is like a pagan party.
Everyone marches in the streets carrying wooden statues.
I tell members, Christ is in your heart not a piece of wood, so-gen-zalus.
Ah.
How do you like that?
The 86-page report that details Hispanic religious trends is based on 46-centred interviews from August to October last year.
It's fighting to show how Hispanics, the country's fastest growing group are bucking old traditions
and changing the country's religious landscape.
What word did you say?
You heard what I exactly what I said.
They're bucking traditions, what I said.
I know exactly what you're thinking.
And you're not going to squeeze that out of me.
I'm telling you that right now.
Any more than you're going to warm your way into my will.
That's what Christ was talking this morning.
Behind my back.
I mean, before we see it.
Oh, yeah.
I was talking behind my back.
I'll warm his way into my will.
You've got a Chinaman's chance in hell, Mr. I'll tell you that right now.
Okay.
Now, I mean, don't take that personally unless you want to.
971 on the pole, which means, oh, I don't know, my 1215.
Thereabouts.
We'll have 1,000 votes in the Algo home.
And finish the show.
See what I need?
How about if I stand out like in the hallway?
And?
What's the matter?
Uh-oh.
Okay, outside the room.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Okay.
Now what?
And I just came back home.
Oh, I just came into the studio.
I was home in the first place.
I mean, it sounds so stupid about coming back.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I'm a little uncoherent today.
But then if you heard the calls, maybe you can understand.
It's going round.
It's one of those things.
Like Perry Como would say it's going round and round.
That Perry could he belt out a tune or what?
No.
The quarter of an ounce of sound he was pathetic.
He's dead now.
And a lot of people are wondering, how can you tell the difference?
Russian Lightning.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the new Ro-Hegg Amnesty Hour.
Hey, guys!
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far to Malikar.
Thank God, the joyous history.
Sanjay is finally out.
My ears would ring when he would sing.
Now he's out of his misery.
I hate when he would talk to him.
He's the boy, up like nails, on the board of Chalky's group.
He flew its troops, so Sanjay is finally out.
Packed his bags and his two rags.
More painful than a bottomed gout.
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far to Malikar.
Thank God, the joyous of the show.
Sanjay is finally out.
His wiki voice gave us no joy.
We have the red fist and fist now.
He sounds like a wounded duck.
We're out of luck this shluck now goes.
Now we're going to start our luck.
He's group.
He flew its troops, so Sanjay is finally out.
Pack your gel and go to hell.
Say, come, you're going to lay a little pounce.
Sanjay is finally out.
He went too far to Malikar.
Thank God, the joyous of the show.
Sanjay is finally out.
It was a fluke, a little cruelly.
How he survived was just a mold.
From the Pacific Northwest Ranger.
And David Guesty finally laid to rescue his troops.
He flew its troops, so Sanjay is finally out.
He's talented west.
This is justice.
Sanjay is finally out.
From all three at 560 WDQ, I'm happy Thursday to you.
Well, I've said it.
The tension is so thick you can cut it with a butter knife for this NFL graph.
Come up on this weekend.
Not exactly.
That's where I'm thinking.
Let's get a bunch of calls about that.
560.
Maybe Eric Kummer can line up again for the dolphins.
What do you think?
Or Brady Quinn.
Or Pat Quinn, the mighty Quinn.
560, 705, 60, and pound 560.
They've arisen in singular wireless lines.
Kind of a quiet Thursday.
I don't know what the deal is.
It's kind of quiet.
I don't know if there's anybody in the building.
I don't know.
I don't know.
It just seems awfully, awfully quiet.
Now that you mentioned it.
See, I told you.
986, that means, oh, I would think we're on next breakage time.
We'll have 1,000 votes.
Then Chris can like slump back in the chair.
Have his big perfect hangout there over the board.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hey, buddy.
I don't know if you mentioned there.
You could be watching the big debate tonight.
About what?
Democrats in Carolina.
Democrat with whom?
Chris Matthew, talking politics.
Oh, get out of here.
Talking out of the side of his mouth, politics.
Politics.
You got to say it like he does.
He can't even say it.
He's like that's returtle you're talking about.
No punches pulled.
WDQ, I am hello.
Chris Matthews, you sure?
Hello.
You can do it.
Okay, I'm holding it.
Yeah.
You can do it.
Yeah.
Okay, good.
WDQ, I'm sorry.
I'm going to be QAM, hello.
You're in your question.
Yes.
Why are diabetics self-hating?
What does that mean?
Like, for instance, why do we ice cream?
Why do we call it?
We can't do it self-hating.
That's a bunch of psycho-battle crap.
Okay.
It's not on to it self-hating.
It's got to be with addicted.
Okay.
It's like saying, why do people who smoke cigarettes,
why are they self-hating because they keep smoking cancer sticks?
That's just stupid because we're addicted.
Are you a diabetic?
Do you call me yesterday with this diabetes crap?
No, no.
I did not.
Well, that's because for that.
I thought about it that I eat ice cream like you do while you eat.
I eat all the stuff I'm not supposed to.
And then, you know, I shop for food.
I'm up all night with ketosis.
You know, I'm being like the way for a person.
Then what do you mean you're all up all night with ketosis?
You don't go into ketosis.
You're a full of crap.
You don't even got any idea.
And it was your talking about, you don't go into ketosis.
When you eat carbs, ketosis is when you don't eat any carbs.
But why am I being all the time?
That's kind of the way with ketosis because you've got a better
technique.
You pee a lot.
Me too.
I pee a lot.
Okay?
I'm going to do it right all over the phone right in the car because you're
called.
Why does he pee a lot?
Go see a doctor.
Okay?
The doctor's in.
Go find out why you got blue lips.
1989.
I'm sure the audience is really interested in hearing how often he's peeing all night.
Talk about stupid.
Why are we so self-hating?
Maybe because you're stupid.
Maybe that's why you hate yourself.
I don't know.
He ketosis is the state you go into when you eat no carbs and you're like, you know,
anybody knows the Skettkins diet?
How's Dr. Bob doing by the way?
Is he still dead?
Yeah.
Yeah, he is.
Or Dr. Bob.
Hey Bob, watch it.
Uh oh, two eight.
WQA and hello.
Hey, nearly.
That's the Dwarf.
I got my pants on, my ankles, and my K.Y.
Ready.
Mmm.
So long.
WQA and Mellow.
Yeah.
What was it?
Sir.
Is that what it was?
I don't know what that was.
WQA and hello.
I still got nothing to be able to talk.
Okay.
5670560.
We got plenty of time, but we got plenty of time, and we got almost two hours.
Now, let me double check.
I think that's schedule says that I'll go and get it during the break just to make you happy.
Okay.
Because I know you'll both be very pleased.
I do believe next Wednesday we got a Marlins game.
And that's not going to be so good that we don't connect the Marlins after this season.
We better really enjoy while we got it.
You don't seem to read.
You better enjoy while you got it.
That's correct.
Because next season, there won't be none of this screwing off because we got a Marlins.
And I do believe there's one Thursday, like I said before, that the game is like a 1205,
which means we get off 1130 in the morning.
I don't even know if it's worth a high-priced talent like me coming all the way in here.
Sliping all the way from my bedroom into the studio at least 10 feet to a do a show for an hour and a half.
I'll do it.
Because I'm a real trooper, baby.
I'm a real trooper.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
First time a long time, and I got to tell you something.
The Rangers are going to kick ass, baby.
Yeah.
I'll hunt like last night, you mean?
Uh, well.
Well, well, get out of here.
You wouldn't know a Ranger if he came to your house with a loaded shotgun.
Get out of here.
The Rangers are going to kick ass, baby.
Go back to New York.
They wouldn't let that guy in New York if he had a passport of his animatric charge.
Go back to Guatemala.
I'm going to go out of the way.
I'm going to go out of the way.
I'm going to go out of the way.
I'm going to go out of the way.
I'm going to go out of the way.
I'm going to go out of the way.
Neil.
Yes.
I got a question.
I don't know if I was missing form.
Is it true that the immigrants now have to pay taxes that you need to immigrants in our country?
Are the workers that they're not supposed to be doing it anyways?
Undocumented workers.
Well, is this Lou Dobbs doing a voice?
Oh, no, no, no.
Yes, Lou Dobbs doing a voice.
Get out of here, Lou.
You got your own show.
Okay.
This guy, all of a sudden, illegal aliens.
Okay.
You're calling South Florida and you're worrying about illegal aliens?
Schmuck.
A lot of schmuck today, man.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I haven't called you for a long time, but I'm ready to vent a little bit if you don't mind.
Yeah, I'm listening.
How could the world be in the state that it is now?
How should that be allowed?
I don't understand.
But what does that mean?
Well, it means that do you remember Bill Clinton and Piccogate and how the guys that had
20,000 girlfriends on the side tried to impeach him?
Yeah, I remember, yeah, vaguely.
So then what about now?
I mean...
What about now?
What?
So you're going to grow up, as my suggestion.
You better grow up, okay?
And stop worrying about that.
Go out and get yourself a 20,000 chicks and get laid and have a good time.
And stop worrying about all this other stuff.
You're not going to change the world.
Your phone call on the legendary Neil Roger Shaw and QAIM isn't going to change the world.
I know that comes a great shock to you, but to grow up.
Oh, people are killing each other.
Well, that's pretty unusual.
People are getting guns and shooting each other, yeah.
That's the world you live in, sir.
That's why this program is a refreshing change of pace.
We tell you that you're not going to change the world.
I read all these bedtime stories just in case there's anybody out there who gives it then.
But I'm not telling you we're going to change anything because we're not.
You're not going to change nothing.
998 on the pool.
I guarantee you, when we come back after this break, we'll have 1,000 or Chris dies by hanging out on the flying pool.
Right in front of the Blueback Road Chevrolet.
You know they got that gigantic big flag pool up there?
Mm-hmm.
998, in fact, I wouldn't be surprised.
You might get off the hook right now before the break.
Nope, 998.
Yank it, baby!
Singing is the lowest form of communicating.
You actually seem like a train going off the rails.
It's a Tendoran scene.
They've been singing out of tune and they suck.
Torturing ears on the stage.
We have found the worst thing up in the world.
Every night, every song gets a laimor.
And more outbreed.
I don't need to be unkind, but you have one of the worst singing voices.
Now the second tune will match with all the viewers already to start crying.
Be careful.
It just was terrible.
I got you, American.
I'll disayle.
I can't know if I die.
I think I'll think something a little more of a feature.
I think that's our ears.
And try to withstand.
American Idol.
And at least ever dance, they don't country.
Whatever.
Making me into the down country.
Look at that!
I can't stand the eye of the boob.
They don't country.
Well, it's under its boob.
It's final country.
It sucks hard.
The shark is gone.
What kind of music is this?
We got both cups.
We got country and western.
All right.
And we got Dumber.
We got Dumber.
It's a 1216 and 560 WQM.
We got a thousand nine votes on the pole.
Rectum.
How do you like that?
I'll take it.
All right.
WQM, hello.
Not there.
I take some McCall's too if we had him.
560-705-60.
I want a lot of calls between now and two o'clock.
The good ones.
I mean, yeah, we got the other ones out of the way.
Now let's get the real intelligentsia in here.
What do you say?
I think it's over then.
560-705-60.
The people are going to solve the problems of the world
in the NFL draft and the dolphin games coming back to QM and Joel Feinberg
being a crime baby.
All of these things.
And pound 560 on the Verizon and sing it a wireless line.
And we pay for it.
Nobody QYM, hello.
Welcome to the show.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
How you doing?
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
And by the way, there is a presidential debate.
It's on the Democratic side.
And they're all going to be there.
It is going to be tonight.
Great.
Well, I'm real excited about that.
I'll find somebody watching a movie.
Okay.
And by the way, have you ever seen Thomas Salino and Ann Cooper together?
Thomas Salely?
Yes.
Yeah.
Same problem.
Cooper?
Yeah, same person.
Okay.
Quite by your head, man.
See, there's another intellectual.
He's all worried about the big political debate on Chris Matthews on politics, then on
I don't care.
Why would I care about that?
Do you care?
About what?
Osama, I mean Obama is the man.
I'm going to donate a couple of rain to his campaigns, a matter of fact.
Just for kicks.
Just for old times sake.
Nobody QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Just want to let you know.
Well, I've got a question about why you're not syndicated.
It seems like you're the only funny one on the radio and on TV.
We got Bill Marge on Stuart and maybe Overman and probably Colbert.
But like, how is it that would you be so funny in that level, I think?
How are you not nation-wide when all these horrible radio guys are nation-wide?
I asked Norma Kent that question.
I haven't got any idea.
I don't want to be missing.
But you know something I'm not complaining.
I know you're not complaining.
You're really good about not complaining.
But man, like...
Well, when you say I'm really good about it, why should I be complaining?
The kind of money that they're paying me to sit here and talk to a bunch of idiots every day for four hours?
Why would anybody complain?
I'm sitting here in my boxer shorts in my apartment in Toronto looking out the window on a beautiful day.
Now I know you've got it, man.
I just...
How hard would it be for them to syndicate you?
Well, because bad career management, let's put it that way.
Okay, I'll take the blame.
Bad career management.
You're gonna do it, just me, I'll get in the way, just me.
Yeah, I'll get a life.
All these people are so worried.
I'm doing just fine, okay?
I'm fumbling my way along.
I'll be okay.
I'll survive.
I'm not messing any of your hoggendos.
Boy, don't let me eat ice cream today, okay?
That's not good.
Don't eat any ice cream today.
The first thing that happens is as soon as I start thinking about all that money and then you think,
well, if you got money, you can go out and buy it.
Even if you don't have a lot of money, you can still buy stuff that's bad for you, like that guy.
I've had a goofball said before that wants to know how many times I know that he's peas.
We don't care about peas, okay?
I'd rather have like pomegranates than peas, they're better for you.
Peas are like mushi.
People that can't cook, they always make peas.
WDQ-Y-M, hello.
I'm in front of the crowd.
WDQ-Y-M, hello.
WDQ-Y-M, hello.
I like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I have a couple of good points I like to make.
About.
Hello, about Glenn Beck, how he was talking about the other day, about why it wouldn't show a
supposed shopping-head off a guy, and why Cubas are so against the Democrats when the
Republicans have really done nothing for them.
Yeah.
So, you know, the thing is basically, you know, they always complain, all the Cubas,
all the Democrats don't do anything for them, I say, which one of the last five Republican presidents,
you know, freed Cuba?
We're only 90 miles away.
We haven't done anything.
We've only 7,000 miles to Iraq, and over here we've done nothing for them.
We have 20,000.
What are we going to free America?
That's the question, sir.
When are we going to free America from the shackles of fascism and oppression?
That's what I would like to know.
Let freedom sing from coast to coast, from short to shore.
Let freedom sing and let the bunch of bells ring.
Come on, let's hear the bells.
That's not a bell, that's a buzzer.
Jesus Christ.
What do we can't get it right?
What do we can't show you?
We're getting buzzed.
I'm not sure I was right, he likes getting buzzed.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
How many vacancies do we have open in the hotel?
Ah!
Ah!
WDQYM, hello.
I buy window made from glass Cuba.
WDQYM, hello.
We want to order that, Georgia.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I'm meeting for Neil.
You're waiting for him?
Oh, Neil, okay.
Neil, this is still some time to find.
Hello, Neil.
Okay, sir.
I just wanted to check with your house, the Van erlen Toronto, at any summer of lessons.
WDQYM, hello.
How the Neil.
Yep.
What's going on, how I got the material for you?
Really, well, that's got to be a shock.
Change of pace.
Let me put my underwear on a little bit straighter.
Go ahead.
I don't know if you know about this new player from Van and Jerry's.
It was pretty good.
The oatmeal cookie raisin.
I got the food.
It's got oatmeal.
It's like the gobfather.
You see that one?
The gobfather, that stuff blows.
All right, well, I thought maybe that would have...
Don't be silly.
I thought you said you had something for me.
I don't want a new ice cream.
And the last thing I need you're trying to kill me, sir.
I don't want no ice cream.
But it's better than these other guys.
I don't care what it is.
Stick it.
Stop it.
Sit on it.
Take a bath in it.
Take 14.
Cubs of it.
Stick them in your...
Left them.
Have a great time.
Okay, have a party in there.
Have a party in your colon.
He's rolling in his colon because he's ever a party with Ben and Jerry.
I mean, isn't it like they got a contestant about dairy queen or something like he thought he was going to give me all whipped up?
I got this for you.
I know plenty of queens in dairy queen ain't one of them.
That's not my territory.
The old dairy queen.
And we got plenty of dairy queens here.
In fact, we got plenty of queens here.
How do you like that?
Huh? I like it.
Not the screaming queens, just the regular ones.
The Butch macho queens.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
I know what you're talking about.
With the callous knuckles and everything.
There you go.
Yeah.
Like my friend from Columbia, Ruff-Born, and I think they deported his ass in the rest of them too.
I can tell you some stories, man, about some people's I've met here, but I'm not going to do it because everybody...
Yeah, good.
That's what you're talking about, right?
It's about Ruff-Born.
Ruff-Born knuckles?
Ruff-Born, yeah.
Brother, wherein' you know?
Oh, yeah.
I know.
The clones, baby, with the mustache and the outfit.
It's like a uniform.
It's like going to a ballgame, man.
It's like a uniform.
Like those faggots that play football.
I'm sorry.
We love the dolphin.
Yeah.
Sure we do not.
And the show we don't care.
I love the Patriots and that's not going to change.
And anybody that thinks it's going to change that I'm going to shield for anybody or organization is dreaming.
And they're going to happen between 10 and 2.
Trust me.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, what's happening to you?
You were going to mess with George.
He is a gay.
Yeah, he is a gay.
Go on, hey.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, it's great to talk to you.
I got one for you.
Check this out.
Food from a farmer's market and real, real cold cottage cheese.
I'll get you over this bad addiction.
You need to...
We want you around so we can see you syndicated.
And I love you to death, Neil.
Food from the farmer's market.
What does that mean?
Food from the farmer's market?
Oh no.
Well, I can be didn't tell me.
And cottage cheese, you can take your cottage cheese.
You serve and put in the same place with the other guy.
Food is 85 flavors of Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
Because it's good.
Because it's good.
You fat, diabetic, old, fat.
We're trying to kill you, okay?
That's what they're trying to do.
And he's not even in my willite guy.
I don't think.
I'll have to check the list.
Thousand and twenty-one votes on the poll.
That's not too shabby.
Uh-oh.
Possible tornado.
A tornado in a scambi-a-county Alabama.
They're not your very original.
Because we got in the scambi-a-county and florida.
Don't we?
We sure do.
And they got one possible tornado in a scambi-a-county Alabama.
With a banjo on their knee.
Boy, of all the places, of all the states,
that's a good poll we ought to take some time.
Next to Florida, I mean, that would be a given.
But of all the states, of all the fifty states,
which would be the last one you run living?
We've never done that, haven't we?
That's a good one.
That's a good poll.
I might do that for tomorrow.
We'll just list all other forty-nine states.
North Dakota.
North Dakota.
North Dakota.
Is it like Fargo?
Yeah, exactly.
Get out of here.
It's a huge rectangle of yellow grass or ice,
depending on what you're doing.
I knew somebody was in Fargo.
Oh, he's a little jai-kai-ndafani-lo.
Fuck it in and hold it.
It's the certifiably in things.
John McKay, singing his way through the hearts of voters across the country.
Bum bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
Anyway, I think the ranch is great.
The radiance are continuing their efforts to acquire nuclear weapons.
Anyway, bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
After a restful vacation in the Middle East,
I heard ice of Iraq.
He packed a bag, dad, and his jeeps,
who embarked on a bench-boy straight-jacket tour.
Wouldn't it be nice to have your truly assured destruction?
So everyone can have bombs on their head.
As your overlord, I will have no compulsion.
Concenture.
Thank you for your vote.
I'm making you dead.
It's not nice to vote for the mentally handicapped.
So let the old man wear out the war hero welcome that.
My brain sunk down to my jeeps.
Where I stored nuts and many other things.
I was plenty of room for my violent car keys,
and even a wristwatch.
Yeah, he and I had crazy a-hole.
McCain's message is clear.
If you listen carefully to the voices inside his jeeps,
God only knows when we're getting on a gatedo.
They're my cigarettes, my cigarettes.
My degraded Fahr no, may gau must they cheat me,
see my cigarette too.
What cement their allies my oyster my cigarette can't hide,
if I think they can't see my wealth and they need my samples.
They're my cigarettes.
They're my cigarettes.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Everybody seems to be like
Lala Land.
One of the train stops
from the airport to the central station.
The other way around
is Lila Lala Land I called it.
Lila Land.
lady land. What are you, what are you smirking about?
Lady land, that's by the old church.
WDQA and hello.
On the board.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
How are you, brother?
Okay, sir.
I'm a test lunga suggestion here for you in regards to the whole weight and the appetite and
I found that if you trust your earlobe or your nostrils for 10 seconds, this is not that
old acupressure thing, the need or the urge that you have or craving for food actually does
go away, believe it or not.
Yeah, right.
No, it does.
What do you guys?
If you press your earlobe, okay, let me see.
10 seconds, no.
This is it.
10 seconds, okay.
When you have the urge to eat, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, did do a damn thing.
I still got the urge.
What?
I can't tell you.
Thank you.
Okay, maybe that works.
Let me try that for 10 seconds.
Oh, geez, I can't even find that.
Don't squeeze too hard now.
We don't want no blood on the chair.
We already had that at IOD.
Blood!
Bloodied broad.
Anyway, that's a terrible thing to say.
It was just nature.
You know, and that was she said, she's a woman.
She's a woman.
What do you expect?
I know a lot of women, they don't soar the chair.
That's great.
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think most women are.
I mean, that was in $305 on the poem, getting choked up about it, especially in her case.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Certainly, she was the big, a lot of gays.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Amy, I got a quick question on that.
Yeah.
Can't you bottle the Hein 57 varieties?
What are the varieties of?
That's a good question, I never thought about that.
That's a nice question.
Let's ask Teresa Hein's character.
I'm sorry.
He's got 57 varieties of booze and pills and all kinds of good drugs.
I'm sure that helped to tremendous him out too during the election in 2004, the fact that
he kept schlepping that income he heard bitch around with him all over the place, who
looked like she just came out of a dumpster number one with all her money, and number two,
who was always just on another planet.
He was like, partly, he at least had one leg on Earth and she was on Uranus.
Teresa Hein's carry my ass.
Oh, scary.
Leave it to the Democrats for it.
They probably come up with like a high knee minutiae this time.
They got Barack Obama in there and they got swallahre, and they got John Edwards, and they
got all these other people, Bill Richardson and Bobby Richardson and Elliot Richardson and
all these other dead people.
And they probably come up with like Michael Dukaka again or somebody like that.
That's their specialty do-zure every day.
It's coming up with a guaranteed loser.
Hello Jimmy Carter again.
He's still alive.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Good evening.
A quick answer on the Heinz 57 variety.
What does that stand for?
It's the 57 products originally a pipeline like catch up would be one in the early
year.
That's what the 57 represents, though.
What about bastard Robbins' 33 flavors?
Can we name all 33 flavors?
I'm sure we can.
It's in Bastion Robbins 31 flavors.
Breastlers was 33.
Oh, I like Breastlers a lot, but they don't exist anywhere.
I never see them.
They're gone with the wind unfortunately.
Are they?
Breastlers was good.
That's probably why they're gone.
At White Mountain Place was really good too and plantation that was good and they lasted
about five minutes.
Of course.
Yeah, if it's good it doesn't last.
That's correct.
Especially in South Florida.
The better it is, the longer the the short of the shelf time, right?
They'll get me started on corkies, man.
Anyway.
Very depressing.
The day they closed the doors of corkies on 163rd, that's the day South Florida died.
Well, I don't want to say I'm devoted by eight the last night in North Miami Beach
in the first night of Pemberton Pines.
When I saw they closed the one in Pemberton Pines, I went open.
What did they close that one too?
Oh, yes, sir.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Yeah, and my understanding is Rascal House was bought out by the Epicure folks and that's
going to be gone soon or later too.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Wow.
Yes, the gentileification of the beach has continued.
Oh, absolutely.
Just like where the famous used to be there I walked in Avenue and out, so no speaking
English in that joint.
Well, you know, someday I guess there'll be very easy get corn beef with lettuce tomato
and mayo on rice.
Oh, I don't want to.
Okay, pal, it's a great issue.
Bell, see ya.
Take your third.
Okay.
Too many goyem.
That's what he was trying to say.
I said, he let me say that he wanted to be nice, you know.
You just don't say things like that.
There's too many goyem because the goyem are in the majority and the rest of us, we just,
you know, yes, sir.
Yes, it would have been a good eater.
Yes, sir.
And that what they used to say, yes, sir, I'm a fart.
Thousand forty-four votes.
No, and I'm not a goy eater.
In fact, I don't confabulate.
You know, I got to have it as a people I speak to online here.
I don't fuck any Jews.
I don't know that I know of.
No, they're, I'm thinking real quick.
No, there's no Jews on there.
In fact, do we have any Jews?
We only, we may have like one or two Jews on my space.
Maybe it's not kosher on my space.
Oh, I got lots of Jewish friends.
It is really because I don't know maybe you start on kosher my space with a little circle
you on the bottom.
Or a little F you on the bottom.
Yeah, no, I got that for a few people believe me.
Thousand forty-four votes.
Which illogent use of your computer at work are you most frequently guilty of speaking
to that?
Visiting neo-rodgers.com and voting on a poll, 295.
Good, we like that.
Checking out the news, 191.
Surfing porn, 162.
Excellent choice.
I never misused my work computer, 151.
Reading my personal email, 117.
Playing a game, 42.
Yeah, I was playing a game when I said pinch, pinch for about 10 seconds.
That's about all it took.
Listening to music, 24, ordering merchandise, 20.
Visiting my space, 20.
The kosher one.
Reading a blog, 15 and watching a video, Sol Tonto, set the.
I got a way to good calm here by Bob Herbert hooked on violence, New York Times.
That's America for you baby.
Hooked on violence.
Let's kill some people.
Come on.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
New York.
Generally good good good.
Foreign, freedom slaps, in each corner, somewhere with too we question.
We as comrades, barters, like Jazzy.
But we also, we get a stretch of time.
We asGU out Anchor, We as passageways.
Deep oneited home EU in the west.
My religion's better than yours, my religion's better than yours.
We know one of you's our brain for mindless living, don't worry.
My religion's better than yours.
Okay, 1245, a Q and we got Mad Dog and a Humper going to be out of Daltham Camp today,
eating all the free food and also Mark is Jewish.
I just sent you a thing on my space, Mark.
He's 100% Jewish.
We did send a beautiful picture of Brady Quinn that we know have on our common thing on our MySpace page.
A beautiful thing.
Of course they're all beautiful.
Any picture of Brady Quinn is beautiful but nevertheless, you think that the office has got any chance of drafting him Saturday or what, Chris?
Yeah, I think this is a chance.
Yeah, yeah, they're...
Are you serial?
No, I'm definitely serious.
Are you sure that the woman that be a feather in his camp, Brady Quinn and Florida?
Well, no.
He went to Notre Dame so he deserved the punishment.
Bob Herbert says hooked on violence two days after the massacre of Virginia Tech,
a mentally disturbed man with a 40 caliber semi-automatic handgun open fire in a house in Queens, killing his mother, his mother's...
I thought I disabled companion and disabled man's health care aid.
The government then killed himself.
Sixteen months ago in the basement of a private home in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston,
four aspiring rappers, eight nineteen to twenty-two, were similarly executed in a barrage of semi-automatic gunfire.
Two teenagers were arrested five months later and were discharged as a government.
I had coffee the other day, Bob Herbert says, with Mary and Wright Edelman, president of the Children's Defense Fund,
and she mentioned that since the murders of Robert Kennedy and the Mervin Martin Luther King, Jr. 1968,
well over a million Americans have been killed by firearms in the USA, over a million.
That's more than a combined US combat that's in all the wars in all of American history.
We are losing eight children and teenagers in any gun violence.
She said as far as young people are concerned, we lose the equivalent of a massacre of Virginia Tech about every four days.
The first step in overcoming an addiction is to acknowledge it.
Americans have addicted to violence, specifically gun violence.
We profess to be appalled at every gruesome outbreak of mass murder.
It's no big deal when just two, three or four people are killed at a time.
But there's no evidence that we have the will to pull the guns out of circulation,
or even to register the weapons and properly screen and train their owners.
On the day after Christmas in 2000, an employee of Edgewater Technology, a private company in Wakefield, Massachusetts,
showed up at work with an assault rifle in 12G8 shotgun.
Around 11 a.m., he began methodically killing co-workers.
He didn't stop until seven were dead.
An employee ran into work that day, spoke movingly to a reporter from the Boston Globe about the men and women who lost their lives.
They were some of the sweetest, smartest people I've ever had the chance to work with.
He said the cream of the crop.
The continuing carnage has roged at least one group of public officials to action.
Mayors.
We see the violence that's happening in America today, said Mayor Thomas Minino of Boston.
Illegal guns are rampant.
Go into almost any classroom in Boston, sixth and seventh grade, eighth grade high school,
and 50% of these kids know somebody who had a gun.
The mayor noted that since the beginning of the year, more than 100 people have already been killed and filled out
for the nearly 80 in Baltimore.
Most of the victims were shot to death.
Last year Mayor Minino and Mayor Michael Bloomberg of New York had a meeting they hosted a Gracie Manchin organized a group of mayors committed a fighting against illegal firearms in the USA.
It's time for national leadership in the war on gun violence.
Mr. Bloomberg said at the time that if the leadership won't come from Congress or come from the White House, then it has to come from us.
The campaign has grown.
There were 15 mayors at that first gathering, now more than 200 mayors from cities in 46 states inside on.
When asked why Mayor Bloomberg had become so militant about the gun issue, John Feinblatt, the city's criminal justice coordinator mentioned the human element.
He said, I think it's because he's watched eight police officers get shot, and because like all mayors, he's the one who gets awakened along with the police commissioner at three in the morning and four in the morning, and has to rest to the hospital and break the news that can break somebody's heart.
Those who are interested in the safety and well being of children should keep in mind that only motor vehicle accidents and cancer kill more children in the US than firearms.
A study released of years ago by the Harvard School of Public Health compared firearm mortality rates among youngsters five to 14 years old in the five states with the highest rates of gun ownership, for those in the five states with lowest rates, the rates were chilling.
Children in the states with the highest rates of gun ownership were 16 times as likely to die from an accidental gunshot wound.
Nearly seven times as likely to commit suicide with the gun, and more than three times as likely to be murdered with a firearm.
Only a lunatic could seriously believe that more guns and more homes is good for America's children. Only a lunatic like John McCain, for example, a lunatic crazy person like the NRA people.
Yeah, if we just armed all the students, then it just boggles the mind, but that's your America baby. That's what's all about WQAM. Hello.
Hey, you know, can I turn down my radio for a second? Sure. Go ahead. Thank you. Thank you.
All right. Funny how Bloomberg seems to be on top of the world right now with his opinion. I remember when he first got elected mayor, a lot of the New Yorkers were kind of down on a big time as a matter of fact.
Yeah. Kind of hard to sit there and take Giuliani's place, and then he came in there and said that we don't have all this money to.
Yeah, all this other stuff. And now the guy makes good reasoning on a lot of his discussions and everything and people start to come to their senses and.
Well, that's great if you look in the U.S.
The anyway. Well, I might think in on Obama, as I know that you're kind of touting them a little bit.
Well, when I'm touting them a little bit, I'm a touting them a little bit. I'm 5 million percent behind them. How do you like that?
Well, why? What has he said that makes you impressed with him?
I'm impressed with him because he's articulate because he was against the war from the beginning. He's not a bandwagon jumper. He's not afraid to tell it the way he sees it.
And I think he runs circles around any of the other ones. I mean, who else is who else have we got? Willery?
Well, I got well. I kind of like John Edwards to be honest with you.
Based on what? Based on the fact his wife has got breast cancer? No, not at all.
Based on what that is adruling Yehu?
Well, he's a guy who's come forward and says that there's a lot of domestic problems that we need to address.
And I'm kind of agreeing with everything that we've been through lately.
It would be nice to have a guy who starts taking care of our domestic problems with healthcare.
But how do you take care of health care and all of domestic problems when all our money is going down the toilet in Iraq? How do you do that, sir?
Well, I agree with you exactly, but we need a guy who says that it was a man.
Well, guess what? He ain't the one. Okay, he ain't the one.
I'm not going to listen to all this nonsense. We need a guy. Okay, great. Vote for him. Have a good time, yes.
Watch him on Crossfire. Politics. Watch about politics with Chris Matthews and talks out the side of it like Daffy Duck.
You know, you're entitled to your opinion, but if you want me to sit here and let you do it like a long song of dance about John Edwards,
you just farting into the windstorm. So that's all I can tell you.
Farting into a big, big windstorm into like a hurricane tornado.
And he's going to say, well, you know, you're a frail, oh, Bama, that's why you hung up on me. Yeah, that's right.
No, it's because you're not saying anything. Oh, well, we take care of domestic issues.
John Edwards hasn't got a clue. Okay, he didn't have a clue anywhere in for vice president. He hasn't got a clue now.
He couldn't lick Barack Obama's butt if you give him directions of road map at a compass. He still couldn't do it.
He's got the charisma of a fruit flying as a matter of fact, he couldn't even help when once they can stay there in the South.
For John Kerry, it's kind of scary, isn't it? That's the kind of drawing power, the kind of pooling power he's got. No punches pooled, baby. He got no pooling power.
1074 votes on a pool. I'm going to make that 11 unreasoning. I'm not raising the bar on that, you know what I'm saying?
1100 sounds good to me. It's good enough to me on a really dead day.
Well, thanks a lot, Hey, Mark is the Jewish guy and also gay who in his profile, I know it says he's undecided. I'm decided, Mark, you're a...
You're a fairy. Why do people do that? They put on the side of the title, like orientation on the side of the title. Is that better than saying I'm a fat guy? I guess.
Maybe there's keys keeping the options open. Which illegitimate use of your computer worker? Are you most frequently guilty of that's our pool question?
I don't know, this pool is okay. I don't think it's like a lady. It's great. What's wrong with it? Now what was the good one I had?
Oh, which state? Let me just write it down. I was all forget about it. I got all the timers and my pen is rang out of ink.
Oh, how can that be? Oh, just made a comeback. Which state would you least like to live in other than Florida?
In fact, Florida is as much as I despise it. I mean, there are other places I would rather live less and North Dakota would certainly be one of them.
And South Dakota would be another one. And Montana would be another one. In spite of the fact that I love it. Don't want to be there.
And South Carolina, South Carolina would be another one. And Georgia, and Alabama, and Mississippi, and Louisiana, and Oklahoma. Of course, you only saw the crappy part of Montana.
Shelby. Yeah. And you don't like nature either. Well, what does that mean? I don't like nature. What kind of an estimated come to the city?
You know, and then there's the worst cities art. That's nature. I like living in the big city. I'm big city. I understand that. I like being where I don't need to have a car like I can walk all the.
Yeah, I'll just say that. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Well, you do take care of your joints. I'll take care of my life. And I'm sure you will.
1775 votes, which illegitimate use of your computer worker you most guilty of visiting the arrangers dot comment voting on the pool 307 every time I read this poll result. I feel like I'm, I don't know. Like I'm doing something evil.
Like I said, the pool is okay, but there's just something that leaves me limp. Maybe if I pinch for 10 seconds, you know, I won't be so limp.
I was like I'm talking about pinching your nostrils for 12 seconds when you were painting though. That is so silly. You know, why don't you put a rubber band on your wrist and snap it? No, I keep snapping it. Yeah, that's what a cigarette is.
As I'm standing in the supermarket by what happened to go on the score ice cream. No ice cream today, man. Good. Although checking out the news online, 193. That's what they're doing. They're checking out the news. We have this.
As you can tell by our callers, they're very into world affairs and events. Now what's this baseball team they're showing on there? Who's this?
From the country's biggest city. Where is that?
In red, Santiago. Oh, in Santiago. Oh, in Chile. I know that's not where this is. That's the Santiago team. I have no idea.
Oh, it's in Havana. Oh, communist, the communist. Excuse me, checking out the news. 193 surfing porn. 169. Very worthwhile endeavor if you ask me. I never misused my work computer. 154 reading my personal email.
2018 playing again. 44 listening to music. 25 visiting my space. 22 ordering merchandise. 20 reading a blog. 16 and watching a video. Only seven.
Hopefully a long one that'll kill half the day. Not a tumor. It's the one to two hour. And now I hit on dancing with the stars. The first contestant to compete with an artificial limb. She's heav'n mills. It's great to welcome her to Larry King.
Thanks very much. Let's go to some calls. Black Lake Ohio. Hello, Heather. What do you want to say to all those people who call you a gold digger? Well, that's true. It is. Yeah, forget the good wife and mother.
Wait, you married Paul McCartney just for the money. Oh, yeah, you know, I certainly didn't marry for any other reasons. Palm City, Florida. Hello. Hi, hi. Heather, I didn't catch dancing with the stars this week. Did I miss anything? Yes. My leg just went fly enough. Oh, no. Yeah, it totally happened to me during the competition.
Yeah, a historic moment. I think it's funny. It comes off very easily. It comes off very easily. Let's look at that big moment and the reaction. Watch.
And back. Five. Two. Two. Three. Four. And turn. Wow. Yeah. And how did you overcome it? Hoping after it trying to pick it up. She's had a mills only interested in money. Yes. Yes.
Oh, yes. One. One at five. Sixty. That's what I'm here for. Baby. Keep those checks coming. Yes. Yes. That's why George chose a baby day. The big paycheck. That's why Chris is in there for the free food and a big paycheck.
Yeah. Well, when you see a worse out, it bounces out because when you have that kind of a paycheck, you need the free food. See the way it's in the end in the Yang. We try to balance it for you.
In addition, which we don't want to give you too much free food because then you'll go balloon back up again to 280 and maybe over 300.
And then you'll start giving the Humper run for his money. How about I give up the free food and get more of a paycheck? Well, I would talk to your supervisor about that.
Yeah, I did. I give a whole runner. You're superior to that. You don't like the janitor. Anybody who's above you on the Richter scale in that place?
185 on a pool. Man, we're going to go zooming over 100 man like you're like you're sitting still and I guarantee you just like I am.
I need other than that one time I went and walked out of the room and I walked back in. I think I've been sitting here the whole three hours and two minutes.
Oh, you're right. Before that. What? You're going to get some water. Let me get up. Walk around. We're going to get gang green ass. Oh, jeez.
Yeah, gang green ass. Oh, brother. Nobody wants to have a green ass chair sores.
Yeah, that would be too little in the chair. I'll get just like that. Although I don't have to quite as bloody. 5 6 7 0 5 60 in pound 5 60.
I mean, Verizon and singular wireless line. Can I smash? Oh, Josh Friedman or Randy Rhodes?
Who stained the chair worse boy? And when you talk about that cottage cheese puss that was coming. What what are they operation?
He had the stapling. Is that what he had? Yes, I see. And he denied by the way that he smelled bad. That's what he used to. Is he still across the street over there, Chris?
I believe so. We can only pray. All right. Now we know why. No way. We know why Joel so upset. He lost it offens and he still got Josh Friedman.
And the rumor is he's going to lose Joe Rose. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
And I stalk you too. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. We want George. Okay, good. I'm not happy for it. Get a little more gravely next time. Okay. It really works well.
I thought we were going to like go out with a blazer glory on a phone here today, but it's just like I said, it's a coma day.
Everything is very quiet. Internet is very quiet over here. The phone is very quiet. I'm very quiet. Aren't I quiet today?
No. I feel like I ought to be whispering today. I want to just like that show guy. He's he whispered. He's talking whispered.
That's the dangerous guy. Okay. That means I'm about to go nuts. I'm going to go out there in the street and start blowing people away. You'll see W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, what kind of robber do you like when you're going to go out? W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. I'm going to your exit. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes. Have you been tracking out the hockey playoffs so far? No. They've been going pretty well. Thank you. I'm pretty excited.
And what game was that? The Jersey game over the weekend. That was really a Jersey played next sighting again. What century was that answer? You must be dreaming.
Lou Ramorello and the New Jersey Devils played an exciting game. You should live so long, sir. You wouldn't know a hockey puck if they took a package of 400 and stuffed them into your earlobe.
Why you were squeezing it and your lobe too. But have a nice day. Don't start with this hockey. If you want to talk hockey, hold you out of this home phone number and you can call up the old master. Okay. Ask him how Jack Martin's doing there with the Panthers.
Ask him how come they got no goalie for next season. That's a good question to ask about them. How come they made that worst trade in the history of the National Hockey League?
Well, Roberto Luando is still moving along with Vancouver here even though they got an ass whip last night. Well, he's still in the playoffs and playing great.
How come they got no goalie there for the Panthers? If we had any hockey fans in South Florida, they'd be riding in the streets. They'd be going crazy, but we don't have any. W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil, how are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, listen about these candidates. You know, I don't hear any of them addressing the major problems that we have.
I'm looking at like illegal immigration, dependency on oil, terrorism, people blowing up stuff. I hear all the problems that they're telling us that these things exist.
Sir, it's the 26th of April 2007. Okay, it's the 26th of April 2007. The election is in November of 2008. It's a year and a half away. Give me a chance. Give me a piece of chance, sir.
Do you think we're going to hear something from Obama exactly where he's going to come from? Of course we are. What do you mean? Are we going to hear something? Oh, he's just going to say vote for me because I'm a good guy.
So, because I never stole a freight train. Of course we're going to hear. I mean, you know, because these are things that I think we need to base our decisions on. I'm not looking at Republican Democrat anymore, believe me. That's out the window. Yeah.
I want to know who's going to address these issues and try to put it. I think John McCain is going to do it. He's going to be on dancing with the stars. He's going to go, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, everybody like that. You know. All right, buddy. Good luck to us, pal.
The fact that people aren't swooning over that. The fact that people in the media aren't just excoriating him. And then they got to nerf to put that thing on her yesterday in New Hampshire where he's officially announcing his candidacy.
Like I said, I'm seeing the dolphin games came to QAAM. Same thing. Oh, yeah. Big secret. You know, same kind of crap. Big announcement. Same thing we always do. We're famous for doing that. Everybody in the universe, even people that would know will football from a come quad. Even those people knew the dolphin games are back on QAAM.
Oh, don't say anything. It's not official. Do you know, 230? All this other crap. Yeah. Always got to be mystery and intrigue. When did that? Let's drag it out. Yeah, drag this out. That's what I suggested. Drag this out.
W. W. Q. I. M. Hello. Q. I. M. Hello. Is this the legendary Neil Rogers? This is the one. Yes. Hey, I got the whole suggestion. What do you think of what kind of people annoy you?
Yeah, what kind of what kind of what kind of what? What did you have in mind? Well, if you want shop parks, you know exactly what we have in mind. Oh, I see. Yeah. There we go. What's to do? The end word. That's the deal.
If you want to talk about black people, annoy him. Okay. Call up brush limbo. What do you call the wrong show pal? Call up brush. Maybe hosting, direct the magic and egress or something like that. W. D. Q. I. M. Hello. Hi, I'm on. It sounds like you. Yes. Hey, I wanted to ask George a question. What is Georgia question about what about it? If he's been to gold club up in Jacksonville.
What? What the hell is that? It's a topless part. Yeah. So in Jacksonville. Yeah. Nobody would know what anybody with a brain be doing in Jacksonville. I know it was a vacation. I had no choice. It was a vacation. Anyone to Jacksonville. Oh my god. Like I said, anybody with a brain. I didn't even pay for my plane ticket. I saw it. I assure if they paid me $1,000, I wouldn't go to Jacksonville. They paid me 50 grand. I wouldn't go there. Well, listen, the major question was I want to know if you ever did mushrooms in the strip bar. And if not, I recommend it to both of you. No, okay. Great. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going
to go. Yeah. That's right. When next time I go to hamster them, I'll do mushrooms in a strip bar. If I'm doing mushrooms, I ain't going to go to the strip bar. I don't think I should do mushrooms in a strip bar to both of you. Well, what am I going to be doing in a strip bar? Huh? Well, it depends on the kind of strip bar I reckon. Maybe the two bar. How's old red doing? I'll see. Is there another one we can play? Oh yeah. I like this. I think we can play this one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking for my friend. It's supposed to be their cut. It's his name is cuts K, TZ.
What do you mean?
It's less than a KUTC cut.
It's pronounced cuts.
Everybody has cut.
They TZ cut.
Oh, he has called while he must be.
This is the two shots go all the way along.
You want me here?
No, but maybe it was a friend of mine.
I should say it's called.
See, oh, really?
Call cuts.
It's my famous call.
Call cuts.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, you're welcome.
No call cuts.
I mean, you know, the really good ones we can't play anymore.
I know.
Like everything else.
The Alka Seltzer one.
That's my favorite.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Is it Neil Rajeshw.
This is Neil.
Yes.
Yeah.
I was on your website, right?
And I'm trying to find.
It's actually underneath the screen.
Neil noises.
And I was trying to find that one word.
It were it says,
Bob 30, man.
Jason.
Bob 30, man.
Bob 30, man.
Bob 30, man.
That one.
Bob 30, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Bob 30, man.
Yeah.
Bob 30, man.
Bob 30, man.
Bob 30, man.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I can even wish try to go on that.
Oh, boy.
Okay, let's see how many votes we got in the pool here.
Now we're going for 1100.
And I think we might just have it.
We might have it today.
The eyes have it.
1097.
When we come back after the break, we're going to have 1100.
We're going to have it licked.
I'm not going to read the result or we're going to be into the show
because that would be just so pondless.
You know, I was just, I don't know.
Maybe it's just reading this particular poll.
Because there's so many damn choices.
And because basically we know that most people,
any chance they get to work our screwing off.
And they're sure it's not doing, I hope they don't do much work.
Back in the church.
Don't jump here.
The taxi.
Car.
I said driver.
Central park.
Huh?
You looked at me.
So quesitally.
I could tell he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms, the trees I made.
There's no bug.
He speaks English anymore.
I went down to my, yeah, I met with each weather.
There was no sense of shame.
I walked into a liquor store, but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of Holtzian Beemys' nonti end of what doesn't mean.
Nobody speaks English anymore.
Oh, boy, like that cornered Delhi.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan.
Speak English and Malay.
Or you can go back to the Lair.
I came here many years ago.
Learned my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making mistakes.
No, but I speak English.
Oh, Papa one Paolo.
Here's a good example for right there.
117 at 560 W.
How about those marlins won a game last night?
I'm right.
Any interest?
No.
We don't care at all now.
In fact, you know something, hang on for a second.
Play music or somewhere like 15 seconds?
Well, something a little more substantial than that.
That won't get the marlin schedule.
Because I think we got next Wednesday off.
And I think it's one of these Thursdays coming up right here at 11.30 in the morning.
Oh, yeah.
Can imagine how much I can lose on ethnic.
I don't like that.
I'm gonna.
I'm gonna.
Hey, something good.
Here we go.
Hey, yeah, yeah.
I don't want you to go.
I know right now.
I think you knew what I'm saying.
Okay, let's go.
All right, now let's see.
Tomorrow is...
What's tomorrow?
Friday?
It's another day in paradise.
That's right.
Next Wednesday, May 2 is the Mets Game at New York, 1.10 p.m. which means we are done at 12.30.
Wednesday.
You would buy one Zag and lose three or four grand next week.
What can I say about that place?
They're just taking my money.
I'm having a wonderful time.
I did okay.
I was losing my answer.
I got half of it back and it could be worse.
Now, where's that game I was telling you about that starts at noon or not just remade.
You said game every day.
Will you listen to me?
I'm listening.
You try to put a little smile on your voice.
11.04 on the pool.
There's a good reason to be happy.
11.04 on the pool.
We talked 1100 and people are going to be talking about that at the water cooler and I like bald women and stuff like that.
I remember dancing with the stars.
And the president pushes Vaud De Vito of the bill continues a surrender date.
And there is a Diane Finestein and she says, oh, we're fine.
And she says, we're also very Jewish.
I wonder if people know that she's Jewish.
Who?
Well, when you name it, Finestein.
If people know that you're Jewish, people are going to be stupid.
Anyway, 12.05 pm Dodgers at the Amarlands on Thursday, May 10th.
That means an 11.30 pre-game show.
Are you ready for that?
Now, I realize that some of our people out there who are actually like fans of the show want to hear my voice and even your voice, which shows how desperate they are.
They're going to be not too happy about it, but us.
Yes!
A rap?
Right?
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
So mark that down on your calendar.
I will.
Oh, and also what else have we got coming up next week?
A week from Friday is the book, the Winter Book.
The Summer Nose.
A lot of our keeps seeing it in that song.
It's from the Summer 42.
I didn't order it.
I didn't order it.
I watched that movie tonight.
Better luck tomorrow.
That my friend Ricky is very enthusiastically recommending.
He says, I'm just going to love it.
And if it really is good, I'll get you a copy of that.
I did find this one.
Since you mentioned it, and I didn't have it.
I want to see another one.
Oh, I love that.
Over the hill.
Even though it's a religious song, I should love it.
I love it.
There's good religious songs.
That's because they're religious.
They just sound good.
Let my peoples go, man. Let my peoples go.
Oh, that's it. That's all you're going to play.
Oh, I got mine.
Lots more.
Who's that young, New Grystin?
Maybe one of the Cincinnati Reds.
Or maybe it's a communist stuff.
The children that Moses that Moishi read.
Oh, my God.
I'm feeling so inspirational and so...
For inspiration.
I like it with John Simon Mechery.
The children that Moishi read.
I don't think he was going to have anything else in the Abraham.
I know there was an Abraham Solomon.
He was my grandfather.
And he was very, very Jewish.
He was a little beard and stuff like that.
I told you that I don't remember when the hell it was.
But somebody had a whole bunch of pictures of my ancestors.
Of my mother's grandfather.
Oh, brother.
Talk about a bunch of Getskis.
You know how the Amish look with the hand.
Well, you know the Orthodox Jews look the same way.
But the big hats and the long beards that come down to their...
They throw hockey pucks.
What's that about?
And so that's what they look like.
My ancestors.
So maybe that explains to you some of my insanity.
And the reason I am like I am.
Your ancestors.
Like crazy.
Abraham Solomon, baby.
That was grandpa.
Abraham Solomon.
I wonder if I'm ever going to hear from any of my relatives again.
No.
They hate me like poison.
If you told them you're going to put them in your will,
you'll be hearing from them all the time.
I got news for it.
The relatives I'm thinking about don't need me.
They don't need to be in my will.
I should be in their will.
Believe me when I say, you know my wealthy...
Don't you remember the hell and what was your name?
Max.
Oh yeah.
From Lamar.
Wow.
They don't need my money.
They hate you.
Everybody hates you.
They want not everybody hates me.
I had a couple of emails here today.
Not too many.
All the way around.
It's funny how it seems like there are certain days.
It's like maybe the moon is in Uranus or something.
The planets are lined up in a certain way.
And everybody is like off their feet.
And it's just kind of quiet today.
Although Mark told me he was Jewish.
And also he didn't say that, but it's pretty obvious Mark.
Anytime you go on like Brandon's website and you tell him how hot he looks.
Yeah, I mean see I read a lot of these comments that people put on different places.
And I'm a lot more...
I'm a lot more observant than some people think I am.
Do you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm just telling you right now.
I'm just making an announcement to the world that I'm much more observant
some of you people think I am.
I see things that you couldn't even begin to imagine.
I see. I hear things.
I hear sounds.
People making sounds with their mouth.
Wednesday, June 6th.
A day that will live in infamy ladies and gentlemen.
At 105 it's the Marlins at the Atlanta Brave.
Yeah!
1230 that day.
Excellent.
How do you like that?
I'm just scouring through here looking for a little break here and there for us.
Thursday, June 28th, the pirates in Pittsburgh, host of Marlins at 1205.
1130.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah!
Check that.
Okay, come down now.
So that just looked like I had to really June.
We got some, you know,
and well deservedly when you work tough schedule like I do.
Now that I mentioned about that deal, the extension might do,
which isn't completely signed, so you have delivered it like Stevie Wonder would say.
But I think it's engraved in Boston granite.
You mentioned it once.
Did I mention it on the year?
Yes.
And that on Fridays I'm not going to be working at all the last two years like 2009, 2010.
Oh, what are we going to do on Fridays?
Light some candles and say, a brocco, that's what I would do.
Say a little prayer like the unwarwick.
Don't you have to play those again.
1109 on the pole.
I'm pretty pleased this punch.
I'm so excited about it.
I'm even going to read that 1130.
Wow, I want a half.
I could do that blindfolded with my hands tied behind my back.
Although it would be kind of hard to play like a f***ing that stuff.
You know, with my hands tied behind my back.
Oh!
You live enough and I don't trust you to do it.
I mean, you're fine.
You do a wonderful job and you're much appreciated.
But when it comes to the droppings, you're too much like...
Oh my god.
Well, you know, Chris Baker.
It's just a joke.
We do relax.
Said it passes worse than he go calling for a rac pull out just in on CNN.
And that in 40 cents about a quarter of a cup of coffee at Starbucks.
Oh!
God!
I'm going to lie.
Hey, I didn't lie.
I don't lie.
They're all liars.
Are you calling their liars?
Not all of them for liars.
You're lying. I'm saying spotlight.
I'm afraid I find it different.
I trust you.
I'm a liar.
And I'm a loser.
And I'm ashamed.
I'm a blitz royal piece of potty over country.
One time I'm more right than dry.
I'm having complete denial.
Confidution blown away.
I won't kill they make him day.
I'm a liar.
I'm a smell of running.
I'm a smell of running.
I'm a liar.
If he tries to hide,
he will be delighted.
Do not trust this man.
Do not talk to him.
Do not engage in conversation.
Do not smell him.
It's 131 and 560 WNB.
Where the hell is the time gone today?
We had a pretty good day.
It was okay today.
You don't say freaking fugit.
Tempest fugit, huh?
Well, fugit.
That's what I say about that.
Anyway, I want to thank you profusely right here on the air.
Are we talking to Chris?
No, you.
First of all, before I thank you,
let me just chastise you.
What was that other thing?
Well, the first thing you sent me was a big hit.
The Toronto picture that brought that interview going bad.
But before we do that,
this other thing that you sent me 45 times about,
the article from the Guardian,
which is about 45 times?
No, twice.
Anyway, what was the email problem here?
You had your problem twice for sending it to me once.
Yeah.
I put it on for tomorrow on our stories,
but you think what am I going to do?
Read that on the air.
It's only 8 minutes.
No, no.
Twice a second.
That would be the end of my new extended contract.
So that's something to think about.
Chris, he said it along and I just forwarded it.
Oh, thanks, Tracy.
Thank you so much.
It'll be on tomorrow on our very important web stories on our website.
I'm in coherent.
Do you worry about that?
Anyway, the thing about the lady.
Now, that was a lady, okay.
That was a lady.
So the professor had already seen that,
but I had emailed that to him for him to Peruzzi.
He said he already saw it,
but it's just hilarious.
He's onto me.
That's me, that's, you know,
periding around in the streets naked in Toronto.
You're right.
That's why you wear those baggy clothes.
That's why I have to do that.
Huge man boobs at each way about 80 pounds.
And of course, then I got that other thing,
kind of a patch, I guess, or something that rhymes with.
Anyway.
Well, I sure as hell can't say that.
No, you can't.
No, I sure can.
I mean, I could, but then again,
we probably wouldn't be extending it over the contract either, you know.
Well, I thought I could fool some people, but, you know,
when you meet somebody in person and they see those gigantic boobies,
it's hard to like cover up the whole deal.
I'm sorry, I apologize.
But I'm wondering because that thing is so great,
don't you think we ought to put that?
Where should we put that?
Maybe not on our regular page,
but on the MySpace main page?
We could do that.
What? Why does it do that?
I mean, people need to see that.
I know.
If you've gone bad in Toronto, and now that was on the year live,
I'm not sure the search is going to happen.
No, one of the people here acted a little strange lately, eh?
How's it going?
I've already said it to Miguel.
I'll tell him to post it.
Yeah, I said it to the lovely Miguel, have him post it.
And then of course, so I got that response,
and then I also got a response from Brandon,
who just jumped up from his desk when he heard that mark had that comment.
See, a lot of people don't even look at the comments,
and people don't know that on the page.
And maybe ought to take a look at some of those, Brandon,
because Mark wants you badly.
You're hot. You're hot.
He saw those, you know, the original picture is Brandon head on
with the black squares around where his, uh...
No, f***.
Yeah. Well, that's what originally was on it.
They probably still are on there somewhere.
Anyway, Mark saw those, and Mark has not only Jewish,
but he's also...
Yeah. Well, that's an interesting combination.
I can relate Mark, okay, all right? You're annoying.
And guess who, for the audience's safety audience,
is that I'm really speaking of all this online stuff,
going to be really thrilled for me when they hear this.
Somebody who was it yesterday?
I told you what had happened.
It was it the day before.
Sometime this week, Johnny G.
Now, he didn't go away, not that I know of,
but he just said that he's too thin skinned
and when I rip him on here, he can't take it,
and so he's not going to bother me no more.
I don't think he's deleting himself anymore,
although, no, that wouldn't be a good idea.
I don't want to hurt his feelings.
See, one thing about me, I'm not an insensitive bastard,
despite of what everybody thinks, I'm really not.
I'm a sweetheart, I'm like, I'm going to hold...
I don't want to hold...
Oh, put that in an old saunty.
That's right, I really am.
And, you know, Johnny G's been a big fan of long-term days
to bring us the great pizza at Zaty years ago,
but you know, that in 20 cents will give you a fifth
of a cup of coffee at the coffee time, you know?
Well, can you explain that to me?
What?
I realize it's a fad.
What?
The thing with the coffee shops, not just Starbucks,
but all these other ones too.
Like, here we've got coffee time,
and there's about 10 different chains in every street corner.
And it's like there, it's like every corner is another drugstore,
because there's all those people 100 years plus trying to get to drugs.
Or you live there, like, up north, people drinking coffee all the time,
and keep some warm.
I used to drink coffee continuously when I lived up north.
Up north, you mean like, at the Asagras?
Like in Montana.
You mean like, yeah.
Well, I'm talking about everywhere.
And the giant is loved.
Everyone had a giant love.
There's a freaking...
And of course, here we not only have Starbucks.
We got Tim Horton's, eh?
Tim Horton's, baby.
Number seven, Maple Leafs.
Let's do a little hockey talk here.
Playoffs are in full of light.
How about those sabers kick in the crap?
Who the hell was that?
Where'd he went?
Now it's cool for Montreal, but let me realize I break away.
Let me air!
Go to school!
Thank you, Kelly.
He was fat, and now he's dead.
Got to your fifth Stanley Cup, your fourth, and...
Oh, and there's Swibblemouth.
I mean, got a good friend Dick Irving Jr.,
you know, he's a big fan.
He had me on the air once.
Are you aware of that?
In Montreal, did I ever tell you that?
No.
Dick Irving Jr., who, for a period of time, he was like the color announcer on a Canadian's
game.
And then he actually did some play by play on CBC with that terpy voice.
But anyway, he's a big fan of my show.
I guess, Rimmer turned him on to it.
You know, Rimmer did do.
I will say this for him, because I'm always knocking him, and he deserves it.
All those freemials.
But he did make a little light John Miller.
He made him a big fan of this show.
And the same with Joe Bowen, I believe.
And Dick Irving Jr., so anyway, he was on the air for a Montreal Panther game in the
old arena, Miami Arena.
And he came down and Rimmer introduced me.
And he said, I'd love to have you on the show.
And then between periods, and he had me on the show.
Wasn't that sweet?
And I said, you frogs there at Montreal.
I wish I would have said that.
Well, if I'd had the balls to do it, he would have never.
I couldn't do that to him, because he's a good guy.
Dick.
But anyway, see, there's a little thing you didn't even know that did you.
No, I didn't.
I don't think anybody would have noticed.
I just cares about that, because they sure don't care about hockey.
But it certainly had to do with something with legendary old Neil.
You might have said it before, and I forgot as soon as we were done, just like I did.
Just now.
I want to hear Rick Jenner, Red Colony's Buffalo boys, Jenner.
I don't want to hear some puts from PSM, from his sportsman.
Rick, he has three on one.
Dennis, one, give me a light, just shot.
All right.
Sabers are going to kick ass, baby.
Forced right against the arrangers.
You heard it here first.
I sure hope so.
1121 on a pole.
Things are looking up now.
Brandon's got a new boyfriend on there.
Oh, wow.
But you know something.
As soon as I said that, as soon as I said, people are kind of like quiet today.
But being by the boomerang like that, see how my people come to my aid to my ancestors
when they think that they're like ignoring me, which sometimes they are.
That was really nice.
That was very, very, very nice.
And I, you think, now, which should I watch first?
I'm going to watch Better Luck Tomorrow tonight.
Okay.
Better Luck Tomorrow.
That's right.
I'm going to watch it tonight.
Good.
And then I'm going to watch Borat over the weekend.
Good.
And then of Nice and Men.
Listen, you won't be sorry.
Trust me.
Okay.
It's got Ray Waston in it.
What was the Hall of Newman movie that you forced me to watch?
Said where everybody touts, like, it's such a great movie.
It was horrible.
The what?
Where he's in jail.
He's the prisoner.
Paul Newman.
Oh, come on.
I touted Paul Newman movie.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cool hand-loose.
Cool hand-loose.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Get out of here.
Cool hand-loose my ass.
I'll bet.
Well, I got it down now.
I know Redneck movies we were.
Man, he's looking really bad, you know?
I don't know.
I mean, I don't like him, but I don't.
Who cares?
Yeah, okay.
So you don't like Redneck movies, even if they're making fun of Redneck.
That's why I just wrote that down.
No Redneck movies in any way, shape, or form for you.
Right.
I know.
Even if it's a parody of Redneck.
What was the one that I started watching from?
Raising Arizona.
Oh, tracing.
What is it?
Raising Arizona.
Raising Arizona.
I'd rather watch the movie.
I'd rather watch the movie.
I would like to have raised River Phoenix.
Oh, God.
But anyway, he's raised.
Maybe he's going to rise again like Jesus.
You never know.
River Phoenix.
He was kind of an interesting guy.
You know, he had his issue.
Don't they all like Johnny Deft's got his issues.
And it was the bar that Johnny Deft owned.
That he got the bad crap in there.
And he drank some stuff out of a vial.
And it turned out to be really vial.
And he collapsed on the sidewalk and he died.
River Phoenix.
That's where it goes.
And his brother, what's his brother's name?
He begins with a J.
Joaquin.
Joaquin.
See, I know he'll be getting one of the J.
My dead brother's name.
Your dead brother's name Joaquin?
See Joaquin Rodriguez.
Joaquin De Jesus.
Was that the one that was dead?
Was he dead and died?
Yes, that's sad.
How was it when he died?
Forty-something like Jesus Christ.
He was forty-something he died.
Mm-hmm.
Because he was fat.
And smoked.
And smoked.
Or at least that was a hit.
My other fat friends who died, one died at thirty-five.
The other one died at twenty-nine.
Now the fat man fat rich.
How would he think he was?
I would say he was about sixty-six.
Sixty-six?
Yeah, sixty-six.
Yeah.
Not quite as old a fart.
And of course he will never get to be as old a fart as I am because he's...
Well, that's bad.
That's the terrible thing to say.
He was a good guy.
Yes, he was.
Yes, he was.
Now, how many times?
Well, I guess at the appearances you'd see him always...
It's like in food, I'm not sure.
He's the old goldstein parties.
He used to go to all the parties.
Oh, you used to go to the old goldstein parties.
I see.
All the stores would go to the other side.
And fat rich would go because that food was free.
Got you.
Welcome back to Kenninghambo.
We only joining us again today.
I can't believe Virginia Tech canceled football training.
That's not right.
I'll tell you what's not right.
After 9-11, all sports was canceled for almost a week.
I was in withdrawal.
Hey, you were doing a show the morning in 9-11, right?
Yeah.
Well, how'd you handle that?
I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami Hoi Recai.
Oh, you know, I don't know, girl.
Something like that happens.
I might have to put sports aside for a little bit.
That's why you're not going to last as long as I have.
Dude, people were jumping to their death.
Our shores were attacked, man.
That wasn't a good situation.
What's that got to do with single, very, two-in-sportal feathery?
So, let me get this right.
There's nothing more important in life than sports, right?
I don't care if my house was pointing down with my family trapped inside.
Nothing will lift my head from the sports page.
You want toxic charity at QAM?
It's sports, sports, sports!
If you want to wake here, sports!
Get out of the way, come here.
I want to show you something.
I got the perfect team for the morning show when we dumped the equipment we currently have.
How about Geltie, Lenny Martez, and Joseph Gackie, with an occasional guest appearance by...
Just for all time's sake.
How's that sound?
All right.
John Nichols has got a great comment.
Who do I have time to read it?
Sure.
What is in the fight for American journalism?
I sure hope I do.
It's by John Nichols, by the way, from the nation.
He says Bill Morris isn't the first American to ask with regard to the media coverage of the run-up to the invasion of Iraq.
How did the mainstream press get it so wrong?
The man who's been a White House press secretary, newspaper publisher, author and TV news program host is not alone in one ring.
How did the evidence dispute Bush administration claims and intimations regarding the resistance of weapons of mass destruction and linked between Sodom to 9-11 continue to go largely unreported?
Bill, but Morris has done something that most Americans haven't had the time and the resources of the contacts to do.
And that has answered the fundamental questions about the failure of print, broadcast and cable news outlets to cut through the spin and give the work and people the truth about the Bush administration's unmovaded rush to war.
What the conservative media did was easy to fathom. They've been cheerleaders for the White House from the beginning and were simply continuing to rally the public behind the president.
No questions asked explains Morris.
How mainstream journalists suspended skepticism and screwed their remains in issuance significance that the media hasn't satisfied with the explored?
How the administration marketed the word of the American people has been well covered, but critical questions remain.
How and why did the press buy it?
And what does it say about the role of journalists in helping the public store it out fact from propaganda?
These and the premises and purposes of a remarkable new documentary buying the war which explores the role of the press and lead up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq, aired last night on PBS channels across the country.
The special premiere of the new 90th of the new weekly series Bill Moire's journal, aired last night.
Too bad we didn't have that story yesterday so we could tell you that aired last night.
Am I right? Too bad.
Yeah.
After last night's premiere, Morris will return to PBS on the Friday night schedule where he was arrested for number years as host of now with Bill Moire's and just as he did before leaving now several years ago at the time when President Bush's allies and appointees were attacking him for giving air time to administration critics, including Republicans like Nebraska, Senator Chuck Hagel.
Moire's is still practicing the crap to journalism in the manner intended by the rebels against empire who wrote a freedom of the press protection into America's founding document.
In other words, he's refusing to be a snob, a stenographer for the powerful.
Buying the war highlights that refusal in the documentary Moire's interviews former CBS news anchor Dan Rather and B.C.'s Meet the Press host, the past 10 rosters, former CNN president Walter Isaacs, and many of the top American print broadcast reporters.
He challenges them, he presses them, he gets them to acknowledge not just the drastic flaws in reporting before the media lay after the invasion of Iraq, but also the extent to which those flaws illustrate the deeper crisis of today's on vended media.
The veteran CBS Middle East correspondent Bob Simon sums up that crisis what he referred to the Washington Press Corps as operating a bubble shaped by the Bush administration.
Buying the war is not a prolemic, rather it's an aggressively and thoroughly reported critique of pre-war media coverage, which celebrates the handful of journalists, especially those with the old Knight writer Washington Bureau, who asked the right questions while solemnly detailing the reality that most media merely repeated administration claims as if they were truths that could not be debated.
Remarkably and importantly, Moire's gets journalists who are still in the game to explain where things went wrong.
For instance, Washington Post media critic Howard Kurtz, who really hurts notes, from August 2002 until the war was launched in March of 2003, there were about 140 front page pieces of the Washington Post making the administration's case for war, but there were only a handful of stories that ran on the front page that made the opposite case or if not making the opposite case raised any questions.
What Moire's has produced is a chilling account of what happens in Republic where the media for the most part becomes a mouthpiece for the government, which is absolutely correct.
As Walter Pinkis, one of the last great Washington reporters explains to Moire's, more and more of the media become, I think, common carriers of administration statements and critics of the administration, we've sort of given up on being independent on our own.
That surrender of independence destroys the whole matter of a free press, just as it prevents private citizens from gaining the information, so I need to be functional players in America's democratic experiment.
But even in this dark interregnum, there is hope for freedom of the press and for democracy that sustains.
Bill Moire's, thank the Lord, is back on here, theoretical by John Nichol about the John Nichols about the Bill Moire's.
See, they can't keep the true the settlers off the air forever, even though they're trying to like crazy out there.
Not that they're trying to intimidate the media, though you understand that. That's why CBS is peeing in their pants.
Thank you, Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell. You idiots. You're fairing.
Okay, well that's what really has started heavy duty, is you and I, as we all know too well, that's why we can't play squat.
You know something that we can't play squat anymore, we can't even do it, we can't squat.
And you want to know why we can't squat? Because sometimes if you squat, you have to. And we sure can't do that.
And sometimes it's on purpose and I guess it all depends on where you have squatters rights. Right? Right. Right.
Anyway, it's so 151, but we're going to have to get out of here pretty soon. That's a shame because I feel like I'm just getting rolling now.
Rolling, rolling. Why is that you think? I don't know. I don't know.
Well, I don't know what that's all about. I think I got up too early today. Why did I get up early? I don't know.
Did you ever do that? You just felt like you're all slums and you got up and then you're all.
That was a bad mistake. Another half hour would have been really good. Or sometimes you get up to pee and it's like, God, you know, I ain't it.
Or you also get up to pee and you must be diabetic that kind of called before about the way we tell you so many.
He's counting how many times you get to go up all night. You know, it's just like sometimes you don't make it to the morning, you know.
1142 on a pool. Well, I'm telling you it's almost the end of the show and you're planting ice cream thoughts in my mind.
I want everybody who knows me to scream and yell, don't have any ice cream today, Grandma. I don't do it. I'm telling you.
You're going to die up there.
Oh, but it sounds so good. I'm addicted. I can't help it. Some people are addicted to drugs. Some people are addicted to booze. Some people are addicted to pornography.
I'm addicted to sugar. I suck out of baby like Cedar Cruz would say, I suck out. I suck out of course she still dead.
Which illegitimate use of your computer work are you most frequently guilty? Have a lot of 140 to most.
We could have made 12 of Chris what a lead on it if he had gotten off his fat ass. Just remember that tomorrow, Chris.
Okay, visiting your Rogers dot com and voting on the pool, 331 checking out the news 209.
That's the only place to get the real news is online and from our website and a lot of other ones to that, you sure won't get in a on your network news or from the talking head a holes.
Serving poor money to an excellent the past time. I never misuse my work computer. 159. We don't believe you. You're liars reading my personal email.
I'm playing a game 46 all the games all the time. Game is people play people's play listening to music 26 visiting my space 24.
Wow, what a concept ordering merchandise 20 reading a blog 17 and watching a video eight.
I'm going to why started that blog and on my space thing. I wrote a couple of things and I remember we had the technical the few release and I told you.
I told you guys I don't know. I said because I'm just I've lost my interest in it.
But at least it's there in a while from over in the mood like someday. Maybe I'll write something else on there. Maybe maybe if they decide to pay me for this is breaking news.
A Walt Disney World employee dressed as the character Tigger was accused of hitting a child while posing for a photo.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have possibly could have happened.
Let again maybe not took a flight to Disney World. Mom, dad and Jerry, to me.
Passersby said it was ugly.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Passersby said it was ugly. Here now is what may have happened.
Everyone's cared of Tigger.
