New portion of the program will be produced about the express written permission of WQAM Baby Brightcast Group in corporate.
That's how it looks like. You're always to me. You're back how you want it?
Uh-huh.
Little more.
Stay here.
Go roll.
Here we go.
Go.
Do you want mama?
Go roll, 7 to 10 AM and they'll be the other guy.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying over here.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying over here.
Oh, you can tell your fans you don't like their demands.
If they have some request, you just say no.
And then tell Mama Kent to tell them management.
If you want nobody missing with your show.
Go round from pen to food and when your shift is through.
Tell Georgie Ken relax and spoke some weed.
And then go tell Jo Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you this great read.
Don't play a fart, the sound of a fart.
I don't think Joyce would understand.
No.
Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with the beastly climbs.
Absolutely.
Don't play a fart.
10 out of 560 WQ AM.
So I get a call last night from Norma Kent.
Yeah.
Talk about being oblivious.
Well, she was in court all day yesterday.
She didn't hear one moment of the show and wasn't even aware that I read all those memos and
faxes and emails and all my crap on here.
And then I ripped him and asked for the whole time but I told him.
I told him that I ripped him and asked the whole time.
Well, deserved by the way.
Creating a lot.
Creating a crisis where one doesn't exist.
That's his specialty.
That's just his specialty, do you, or unless you consider do you, or every day.
Creating a major boo-ha-ha.
And it ain't no life of matter.
But that's...
We don't want a dwell on that.
We're moving onward upward and forward.
I think we got some real good progress.
Now that we got Joe Rose back on QM7 to 10 AM every day Monday through Friday with the other guy.
I mean, I don't want to put the other guy, you know.
At a disadvantage, but who the hell ever heard of him, right?
I mean, Chris heard of him.
Didn't you?
Yeah.
He does the heat stuff.
What does that mean?
He does heat like, you know, he's like the cragmy nirvini of the heat.
Yeah.
I was thinking this last night.
I was watching the Democratic debate and it was pretty weak.
And Proborako Balma had a bad call.
Which we didn't know during the debate but then afterward when they were analyzing it, they told us that.
He had a bad call.
He was way off his feet and it was very unimpressive and very boring.
I was disappointed because I think he said his and shoulders above the rest.
Dennis Cassinic had a great line.
He said, you know, if you're like me, you may not have the tallest president.
And he looked around and it was, you know, he cracked him up for a little red.
And he said that a lot of white things and nobody takes him seriously.
Just like Mike Revelle who doesn't, he was just goofy last night.
And Chris dives a lot of good things to but nobody knows who he is.
And he looks too much like Jerry Williams who's dead.
You know, it sounds like him.
You know, those new England people, they tend to be a lot the same.
Anyway, sorry, I saw that.
I was thinking to myself since ESPN and all this other crap went on TV.
And there's like 18 different ESPNs now, you know, they've got all these different round tables and these panels.
And there's JJ and Shannon and there's a Jim Brown.
And they're all Terry Branch, you know, a Denver, a fire hydrant.
And then there's 80 million of these guys.
They're like all interchangeable pieces and parts.
And it's the same thing up here at two in hockey season starts very soon.
About a week.
Same thing.
AirV sports channel has got the same revolving bunch of group balls.
And that's what goes out in this market too.
And now it's with the sports riders.
Allers Marvets and Craig Metter Weenie and Ethan Schumannashe's skull neck.
Oh, it's just, I don't know, it just wears me out.
So that's who this guy is, huh?
Yeah, I mean, he does heat stuff.
He does the heat magazine show.
What's the heat guy?
Do we have the heat on the station?
No, no.
Not yet.
What about the dolphins?
Yeah, we got them.
So we got as the dolphins.
I mean, the Marlins.
Marlins will play their last game of the season and the last game ever on WQM this Sunday, I believe.
They don't forget about the Keynes.
No, that's right.
The Keynes.
The Keynes.
I forgot about them.
Who they playing this week?
Some girls team.
Duke.
And Duke.
Like the Duke of Earl.
That's where Hank went to Duke.
That's where the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the
Cross.
What?
He only went there for like a semester or something.
What?
Are you sure?
He didn't graduate from Duke.
So you put an endowment for that?
No, you're not.
You're not in the Humper now, my fat friend.
He only went there for like a semester maybe a year at the most.
Yeah, so.
That's like me going to Michigan State for maybe a semester and I never went to class anyway.
I mean, I went there for a year and a half but I did it.
Other than summer school, I never went to any classes.
I was too busy drinking.
And sleeping in late.
And hopefully I wishfully would have been doing a lot of other stuff too but not back then.
Not back in those days.
So what's the point you're trying to make is that he's a fake Duke alumnus?
I didn't say that you did.
Where did you go to school, Chris?
What is it called?
A table-chase university.
What is it?
A table-chase university.
What is that?
It's also called Miami-Dade.
What are you talking about?
What language are you spicking this morning?
Miami-D community college?
Yeah.
They call it a table-chase university.
And you're putting down the Humper because you only went a short time.
I'm putting him down.
I'm getting it.
You're trying to ingratiate yourself with Joe Velna because he and the Humper are at odds and they treat him like crap.
Just like they treat me now because I normally can't.
Once upon a time they liked me.
I can't remember when that was.
Neither.
And I really don't care.
Because I can honestly say I never liked them.
Whether it was Greg, Grigio, or any of these people.
I'm talking about Joe Velna.
We have a lot of Joe's.
With Joe Costello and Joe Rose.
And Joe Mama.
Here's the poll from yesterday, boys and girls.
Oh, and I got a really great email from your close personal friend, Lucky,
who's now blocked on my Myspace.
Yeah, and come to find out that Lucky is the guy to see these people are frustrated now that they're going to get it.
I can't call.
So they'll find another vendor.
That's right.
Which is to spew their crap.
And he repeated the same stuff.
No more polls.
No more mailing it in.
Pathetic.
No more.
Sorry, I just blocked his ass.
And I see you're on there as one of his friends.
Did you check that out, by the way?
No, I haven't been on it yet.
Let me take care of that.
No, because I'm a busy man.
No, you're not.
You're not doing anything so I'm getting ready to eat today.
No one likes me.
You know it.
It's Thursday.
So it's a two-for-one deal.
Neal deal.
Meal deal.
Whatever that is.
And today's the deal.
So that means you guys are getting free food today.
No matter where Chris went to college, of Hard Knocks, you know, like you're a big shot.
You went to Miami Dade and now you're making like four bucks an hour working for QIM.
Exactly.
I mean, I commiserate with you, but I ain't got any money for you.
And what was I pissed off at Josh Cordis about?
I don't know.
Something.
Don't you remember a few days ago?
Something.
No, I don't remember a few days ago.
I don't remember yesterday.
I don't remember because he's going to be begging for money again here.
What did I send him that check in July?
Yeah, he's like, oh, it's time for another check.
Yeah, right.
Sure it is.
I'll let you know what's time for another check, Cordis.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
I never seemed to have enough.
And of course, that's it.
Money.
Out of 1,000, 7 votes, 454, almost half.
45%.
Just never seemed to have enough money.
And you know what?
Even making the big bucks that I am.
I never seemed to have enough money either.
You want to know why?
Because I take on the entire universe.
I'm the Godfather of the universe.
I take care of everybody.
And you know what?
I don't mind.
I'm not starving to death.
In fact, I think maybe today or two, I'll just get my nice Pontiac solstice and head off
to woodbind.
All right.
Do you know how much I figured it out?
Did I tell you this about the Cad deal?
Mm-hmm.
60 bucks each way.
So it's 120 bucks, Cad fair.
So if I go an average of three times a week, because in the summertime, I might go more
sometime.
That's 360 bucks a week.
We'll do the math on that.
It's like 18 grand a year and haven't been going to woodbind for three years.
That means I've spent probably close to 60 grand in Canter, so far, which pays for the
solstice and then some.
A lot more.
Highly overpriced here, too, by the way, like all the cars are.
I have a big stink about that now, about the fact that the bottom manufacturers have been
overcharging here for some reason when you buy your car in Canada.
Not a good idea.
Don't come here to buy a car.
Anyway, it never seemed to have enough money for $454.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00.00
I'm going to add the appropriate that I added those two on the AVERAXN.
So what I've read it on.
I'm sleep 45, occasion 39, friends 28, not enough.
Neil God 17.
Well, get used to it.
Drug 16, tools 10, brain 6 and common sense only three.
That was yesterday's poll.
No more polls.
No more kneeling it in.
Your pathetic retire retire up yours.
Stuff where the moon don't or the cockamundo don't shine.
See, one thing I've decided and I'm doing it now.
I mean, I don't mind.
People are like, no, I do mind.
I'm not the my space thing is supposed to be for your friends, right?
Right.
This is whatever you want to make of it.
People who want to like, you know, reach out and touch you the other person.
But if you want to send me a bunch of hostile crap, I just, I'm going to, now I'm going to delete it.
I'm going to like block you.
Right.
Right.
Who needs it?
Life is too short to listen to one of those anonymous crap from a bunch of phony idiots out there, losers.
Who want to get on there and spew because we don't take the calls anymore so they can't call off and say,
Oh, you're mailing it in here.
Go like a corner off you go and he is one of your friends by the way.
Not for long.
I'm working on it.
Man, I like you.
He likes you.
He likes you.
He wants you back.
He likes you.
He wants you back.
He wants you.
Here's your age.
Hey, lucky hands.
Here's the poll for today.
And look at this.
Chris Otterby just had to have a smile from Eru to his rear.
We got free food coming today.
And we're going to do, oh, I don't know, a million votes on the poll today.
Oh, right.
And those people out there, well, what do roots, is it make, what's the big deal?
It does make it.
It's just for fun.
It's just there.
You know, it's just something.
And by the way, Brandon, I'm waiting for the poll.
Don't be knocking the professor for a try to pedal his car on.
It's just lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, lucky, gone or something like that.
Lucky.
All right.
We'll jerk.
We're lucky that I'm not taking a call anymore.
907 votes already out of the day's pool.
That was my point for Chris.
How do you like that?
907, baby.
Nice wall, actually.
Wow.
Let me click that thing and I'm like, actually, how do you like that?
I'm way ahead of you, Mr. Big Shot, from Miami, Dade, which of these things do you care about?
Least.
Paris Hilton 217, Britney Spears 186, OJ 148.
Oh, you've got to care about OJ.
It's the law.
Lindsay Lohan, 129, I voted for her.
The Gina 685, which were racist bastards, sports 77.
Oh, 77.
That reminds me of W.A.B.3.
But, like I said, that's long time ago.
The GM's direct 26.
That's over now, right?
Is it officially over?
Did they vote?
I don't know.
I didn't see any more about it, which you'd think they'd be showing something about that.
Global warming 25, politics 17 and the economy 4.
So the money, you know, the economy 4, everybody's worried about that.
Even people that you got money or whether you don't have any money.
Everybody's worried about the economy.
So from the bottom up, those are the things they really care about.
The economy politics, like that debate last night, swallery wouldn't answer the questions.
You know, she kind of pissed me off.
She refused.
Well, you know, she was married to Bill Clinton and still is, I guess.
And she had a couple of yuck-yuck lines in her, you know.
I was just, uh, nobody said nothing.
Except for Bill Dennis Kassinich.
And then you look at that nasty hair piece and the fact that he comes up to Hillary's
and he was standing right next to Hillary and he came up to like her a navel, you know.
Kind of embarrassing.
Nobody's going to vote for a midget.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
No, he's no politics.
4.
You'll 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
She's no fact in the church.
And the boy out on it.
With this weak installment of them.
Now see here.
I'll see here.
Pants are essential to a man's attire.
Now, I got all kinds of things in my pants.
And I'm arciennes, and I'm a dingo berries.
Who knows what I'll find in the next.
You know, many things have been said about my pants.
Now, I may not be wearing any now.
But that's only cause and a flurry of excitement.
I sold them.
Who bit more for pants.
Fred Moetz, a James Cocoal.
Tama and another thing.
Who bit more for hygiene.
Sothers Eve or Mr. Whipple?
And I think you know the answer to that one.
And while I'm at the subject of sports.
Who bit more for the dolphins offense.
Fomo rose into all.
Well, Mr. Kittel.
Let me give you something else to put your pink pipe for smoke.
Who bit more for Gleib-Mist-Bethroom spray.
Whoah, hey, back at the horn, Rodriguez.
We're buying denny.
Tama and...
You know where you can insult the underfixer.
If Joyce were only dying.
Wait, where did you go?
You can't go nowhere, I'm not the...
10, 19, at 5, 60 bucks.
Sure, Missyam, man.
Like if they cut off an 80 pound tumor like on your hip.
That's how much I miss him.
Badly.
We want your back, Mo.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
Not.
I still got this Las Olas lifestyle magazine here with a picture of Joel Feinberg standing over there.
Sports car and his helmet and the whole deal.
Like with that big, uh, Schmidt eating grin on the...
Oh, my daddy's got a lot of money.
My daddy's got a lot of money.
And I'm a big shot.
And I got this radio station now.
I don't know anything about it.
Remember that day he called him?
Well, that stupid ass call on.
He doesn't know anything about sports, he doesn't know anything about radio.
He just knows about something like that.
Oh, that's what daddy's for.
What?
Just like these people.
Right, just like all right.
Well, that's why they get along so well.
That's why he and Jolly Jew are playing this silly childish peeing game, you know.
E-mailing back and forth and setting magazines.
And oh, you're a bigger jerk than I am.
Oh, my other.
Oh, that crap.
932 votes on the pool.
More, we're gonna have 1,000 fast today.
Takes all the drama out of it.
935, they're coming in even in chunks now.
You'll see by the time that people come back to town, you know, when that is like the end of November.
Maybe after Thanksgiving or maybe Christmas time or New Year's or maybe not at all.
Well, here it is.
All these years later.
All these years later and all the arguing about casinos and about the this and that.
And it's still a horse in Bogotá.
It's still a seasonal town.
Seasonal town.
You know what I mean by that?
No, we've never heard of this.
It's an area of 4.5 million people that's like seasonal.
Like as soon as the snow starts falling, that's where every real body comes back.
And then as soon as it starts to get 180 degrees in the shade, there's no way to fall in the North.
Everybody bailes out.
Anybody who can afford to get out.
They flee.
Like this.
This bubonic, pneumonic plague.
They flee.
The creator of op-ed news and alternative political website that receives nearly a million hits a day.
Says he's received.
You know, we used to get a million but we used to get a ton of hits every day when we had the beaded curtain on there.
Right.
Maybe we need to bring that back.
I know we can't do it in the original form because we then have to have proof on file at the age of the...
I guess I'll just have to go out and start taking naked pictures myself and getting the ID.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What do you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, well that's what you got to do.
No, you don't.
You have to have proof of their age.
So we photocopy their ID or I take a picture of their driver's license and then of their goodies.
And then it's legal.
The creator of op-ed news and alternative political website that receives nearly a million hits a day.
Says he's received and published thousands of articles calling for the criminal prosecution of President George Bush and Vice President Richard Cheney.
Richard, as opposed to Dick.
Our viewers believe these guys are criminals and have to go to jail said Rob Call of Newton, Pennsylvania.
President and founder of the Internet publication.
They have to be investigated, indicted, put on trial and incarcerated.
The forced end of the law, we have to do something.
We can't just sit back and wait.
Call believes the public support for putting Bush and Cheney on trial is far greater than indicated by reading what he calls the Lane Stream media.
They really even discusses the issue.
And he's...
I'm so losing correction.
Right.
Call made his remarks and interview on the radio program what the media doesn't tell you produced by the Massachusetts School of Law and Over and distributed globally via the World Radio Network.
Although, launched only in 2003, Op-Ed News has more readers today than all but for the largest daily newspapers published in the USA.
There are in millions the Wall Street Journal 1.7, USA Today 1.6, New York Times 1.1, and the LA Times 1.0.
Oh!
Call says Op-Ed News has 500 contributors who come up with 30 to 50 articles a day.
So many that he has arranged for the software system where trusted contributors can email edit and place their own articles directly onto the website with those screening or editing on his part.
Asked by host Lawrence Velville, dean of the law school, if mainstream media automatically reject an anti-war presidential candidates,
call Reflive New York Times Communist Bob Herbert Paul Kroegman and Frank Witts do take Ron Paul and other anti-war candidates seriously.
I got an article about Ron Paul but it's in my pile somewhere. I got a big, big, steamy pile here baby. You can probably smell it all the way down there.
Velville, it reminds me of Farfell. Who was the comedian who had the dog Farfell?
Sorry, don't know.
That's way before your time. I think it was some trick I can't remember what her name was. Maybe not. Farfell. Maybe it was Paul Wichel. He had Jerry Mahoney and I think maybe Farfell too.
He's dead Paul Wichel. He used to be a guest in my show many, many times. Very well-known atheist. He denied he was an atheist but he was. Just like George.
Asked by host Velville, whether the mainstream media takes only takes seriously savvy candidates that are devoted to ideas and ensure a cynical worldliness,
call Reflive that Neocons are taken seriously that believe the West should project its power globally. They were literally praying for a Pearl Harbor event that would enable the West to demonstrate its hegemony. Call said.
Hegemony. I believe Bush supporters are white. Right we males that backbushes a vicarious form of political viagra. They felt emasculated after 9-11 because they couldn't do anything about it.
They talk. We have to win the war in Iraq when there's no way to win. They backbushes a vicarious form of political viagra. How do you like that?
The Neocons.
They're very much of important idiots and they're dangerous as what they are. Neocons. Mostly a bunch of self-hating yids which is really very disgraceful. They're insulpating fags like mancolder and mishfudge and that crowd. And of course, Candelisa.
Candelisa. Please, come out wherever you are honey.
I'd love to see her in a men's room and of course Larry Craig comes in and sits down in the stall next to her and start they start to toe-tap and you'd think that Larry would notice those fancy shoes that she bought.
Every time something important is happening in the world, Candelisa goes shopping usually for shoes. You won't see her at Brandy's or guarantee that they don't want no part of her.
947 votes on the pool. Well, I bet your Chris is just he is in heaven because he's got the free food coming today because payday is only like, you know, what, two weeks away?
Oh, week. A week is that it? Oh, I can't believe it. You get paid on the fifth or what kind of crap is that?
Hey, I'm not complaining man. Jolly Joe, he gets me that check early. That's all I care about. I tell you right now we're not going to have any more run-ins with Jolly Joe, Charlie Joe, whatever his name is.
Because I'm not going to let Norma can't create some kind of a that's all he does. It's like he works morning, noon, and night to create problems.
And then of course he can come in and say, oh well, here's the answers. Here's the, yeah, of course he doesn't have the answers as we found out yesterday in that letter from Steve Lerr or whatever's got Lerman, some Jewish lawyer in Washington.
Is that redundant Jewish lawyer? No, it's like Jewish doctor. All on South Florida. What about a good Cuban doctor?
Oh, I'm about a real Cuban doctor. Like a real IA, a real license. 947, which of these do you care about?
Least is our question. I came up with this full. I invented it. Brandon's working on one about ethnic foods for tomorrow.
You think we ought to do that? Who's got the best ethnic food? We've done it before, but let's do it again. Oh, yeah, we've done it before.
Well, we've done it all before we've been doing polls for seven freaking years on this show for Christ's sakes. Don't say we've done it before like you're putting that.
We've done it before. 947. Oh, and what's his name made of come back today too? Not with any poll ideas though. Charlie B.
He threatens the beginning of the week. He's going to send some crap. Charlie B did not vanish.
Paris Hilton 223. They don't give a crap about her. Britney Spears 194. Oh, Britney Spears. I just got to play a second or two of.
And how f***ing dare anyone out there make photo? Britney.
Oh, oh, J 154. Lindsey Lohan 133. Is it low and the Gina 689 sports 79. Oh, that ought to be their slogan across the streets instead of a ticket ticket. My ass sports 79 global warming 27 the GM strike 27.
I think it's over. They're not talking about it. So they must have ratified the agreement. Politics 17 an economy only for everybody cares about money.
The best talent here for you.
46. You'll 560 QAM. The fourth leader.
The new Roger show. South Florida's favorite hobo.
Turning right now on.
We're getting run now back for population. Tribbizing our rights to support daylight.
We have to pack this up.
Relay.
We're money.
Why didn't right.
Hey, backwater.
What brain hole?
That thirsty bastard in a tailor.
Drugs for the.
Hey, backwater.
What the law.
Mercenary killer.
Smuggly Smiling.
Hey, backwater.
Highest liar.
I'm fitting a death-thirty human beings into the moon.
What kind of criminal traps?
Witsy very old court for me.
The old children, everybody, everything's all right.
You're making good money.
Don't mind me, bitch.
Bloody hell.
Come on, get some fillions.
Blood in your hands like a vegan soup.
Taste deep business.
When we got dig those funky business.
When they get money by making people dead.
They have the license.
Bulls don't make me laugh.
They're above the law of every land.
If you need an old big contract to land.
And tricky dick-chaining is your man.
A bunch of corporate puns of ten-watt balls.
Now there it is.
1033, 274-Lumway.
You're going to be on your toes the way all these bits and gold.
When you least expector it.
I'm speaking to Phil Spector.
Did you see him on CNN just now?
What you're watching?
No, I'm not watching CNN.
They keep putting that kid on there.
No, they don't.
Kid is gone.
The coast is clear.
They're on CNN.
I want to vandal.
We're going to take down their tower.
They're trans...
What are they trans-mer with?
Take down their equipment.
Just blow it up.
A judge declared a mistrial and a murder case against music legend Phil Spector actor.
During us for the second time in eight days it was hopelessly deadlocked.
Just like that chick, hopelessly dead.
What a bunch of adults.
You haven't seen him?
He looks like...
A woman?
An old woman?
Yeah, a 110-year-old lady.
He looks like Tony cigaretteo in drag.
I don't get it.
What happened to her?
Maybe the wall of sound fell on him.
The jury deliberated for 12 days taking a six-balance but was unable to reach a unanimous verdict.
Jurors told Superior Court judge Larry Poth Fiddler.
I wonder if he's kind to J Fiddler.
That they were split-tended to without indicating in which way they were leaning for.
The dolphins really suck, Chris.
I hate to say that because it's the dolphin station you're with.
They suck bad. They're terrible.
Okay.
You don't agree?
I'm not disagreeing.
I want you to say it.
The dolphins suck.
The dolphins aren't very good this year.
The dolphins suck. Come on.
Let's hear it.
The dolphins aren't very good this year.
They enter.
There was nothing Fiddler could do to help them arrive at a unanimous verdict.
Fiddler discharred and I want you to say the patriots are great.
That could suck.
Great.
Oh, see. Here we go.
There is that South Florida jealousy once again, boy.
It's so unflattering to you people.
That jealousy, which isn't the team that I hate.
Insane jealousy.
Oh, gee. We sure wish we had Tom Brady.
We wish we had all those points on the board.
We wish we had Bill Bella check instead of this goofball guy.
Myron Cohen or whatever his name is.
Fiddler discharged the nine men and three women.
Thanking them for their service.
Spectra went on trial on April, charged with second degree murder.
And the shooting death of B movie queen, Lana Clarkson actor,
and night on clubs of Hollywood.
The judge told attorneys to return to his LA courtroom on October,
turned to discuss the next legal move.
Spectra 67 didn't take the witness stand of the trial.
He just sat there looking like a tragic old lady.
God.
Get in my hair cutter.
Something for credit.
Who has wigs?
Is that what it is?
He's completely bald.
He's, you know, like a bull brother.
The judge was completely bald.
Maybe everybody's getting bald with that trial.
Oh, look at that.
New Hampshire dead he's.
Party strategist says no accident.
The two candidates who gained ground in New Hampshire, Giuliani and McCain,
were the Republican hopefuls most prominent to the latest debate over a rock strategy,
and then quickly returning fire when the liberal group moved on.
Yeah, move on, daughter.
Org my ass.
Okay, man, big sentence.
Hey, man, the Senate is deliberating about a newspaper round.
Okay, that's your America boys and girls.
That's what it's all about.
We don't like it.
It was, we don't like this respect for it, or the general.
Yeah, general would be Treyas.
The Liberations in the Phil Spector Trouble Ardu was entering the third week on Monday.
Last week, jurors received new instructions on the law.
We're told to start over after the former declared the panel with deadlock seven to five.
The jury's in and below you reach a verdict cap to five months' trial that played like a Hollywood film,
a Hollywood film noir classic with a twist of the bizarre.
A six-foot tall blue eyed blonde with a toothpaste commercial smile,
Clarkson was known for her roles in barbarian queen and Amazon Women on the Moon.
But at 40, the parts were few and far between and she had taken a $9.00 an hour job as VIP hostess
at the House of Blues in Hollywood.
Chris said he'll take the job in nine bucks an hour easy.
Yep.
Spector invented the wall of sound in the 1960s and worked with the Beatles.
I contained a term to other acts.
Normally reclusive, how come it doesn't say the Ronets here?
That was B My Baby was the big song, man.
You got it?
B My Baby by the Ronets?
Yeah, you got it.
Normally reclusive, Spector had spent a wee night out of the town found Clarkson at the House of Blues
at closing time, invited her home for a drink in the wee hours of February 3rd, 2003.
After initially turning him down, she read to a company in.
Hours later, police was some of the Spector's mansion in Al Hembro, a suburb of LA.
The diminutive music producer had wandered into the driveway and the pre-don and told his visiting born show for.
I think I killed somebody according to the driver's testimony.
Clarkson was found inside, slumped in a chair in the foyer.
She had been shot in the mouth.
A 38 caliber, cold special revolver laid her feet.
It appeared someone had attempted to clean up the blood with a diaper found in the guest bathroom.
What was there a diaper doing there?
Maybe Phil were his diapers, you know?
That's right.
I can understand what that's all about.
It's more to the story than that is in there, by the way.
Yeah, let's hear it.
She had no idea who he was when he came in.
He wears wigs and lipstick and all the stuff he runs around and drag all the time.
And she called him maim when he came to the restaurant.
He went ape.
S?
Amchimedia.
Yeah, and she had no interest in going anywhere with him.
But the owner of the restaurant, her boss said, you need to smooth things over with him, do whatever he wants you to do to smooth things over.
Or he has to be famous on the years.
Or you don't have a job here anymore.
And so that's why she wound up going to his house with him in a green to go there and everything like that.
She had no interest in that old.
Spectre's attorney's argue that Clarkson was depressed over recent breakup, grabbed the gun and took her own life.
But prosecution witnesses painted Spectre as a gun, tilting men as with five women telling harrowing tales on the witness stand of the music producer threatening them with guns.
Spectre's driver testified here to loud noise, so the producer read the home pistol in hand saying, I think I killed somebody.
Oh, sounds like a really tough call to me.
An issue with whether Spectre pulled the trigger or whether Clarkson did and followers projected on a large screen the gruesome crime scene was able to set that created for a horror film.
In all 77 witnesses testified on more than 600 pieces of evidence, where's being my baby by the run-outs? I'm thinking.
Jesus, Kate Christ, God.
And Moses and Abraham had one hammer.
We can take all money that I've been trying to handle this.
Greg, look at all of this said now.
More than 600 pieces of evidence were submitted to the evidence cartwheel in the jury room was piled high with exhibits.
The jury even toured the scene of the alleged crime, the experts testimony differed wildly on what the physical evidence showed.
Prosecutor is pointed to the leopard print purse lung over Clarkson's shoulder as evidence he was trying to leave when she was shot.
The defense argued that blood spatter evidence on a white woman's jacket, Spectre was shown he was standing too far away to place the gun in Clarkson's mouth.
A white woman's jacket, Spectre was wearing. He's a crazy person.
No. Spectre hired and fired a whos who of legal talent for defense, high profile defense attorneys who have left the case, who Leslie Abramson and Bruce Cutler.
He also changed hair style several times during the Trump and more flamboyant clothing, including frot coats and pastel colored ties and pocket hankies.
What word did you say?
You heard what I said. Frot as entire frire tuck.
Careful.
Oh no.
Because if you call frire tuck, try your luck.
Yeah, try your luck.
Really sucks.
So I guess you're paying more attention to that whole deal than I am.
I was a fan of hers.
I like all those B movies if you didn't know.
And I have a single one of them.
You would have cared less if she was beautiful than my.
She was great.
Once upon a time, she was a Pib.
Well, she did now.
I know.
She not even looked warm anymore.
Like his Morelva.
Twenty before 11 at 5.60 W.Q.M. hats.
Here's that schedule now.
I'm tongue tied because I know you guys are getting that free food.
Although I'm not that hungry right now.
Which is unusual.
That's because I had the bacon, I guess.
Mad Dog, it's often stadium, baby.
Two to three thirty.
Well, this is quite a day a feather in our cat.
In fact, the mad dog's coming in for just an hour and a half.
And going to do the game at the stadium before the Marlon Cup game.
Wow. Marlon's on deck at 3.30.
And the Marlon's and the Cubbies is they try to sweep the series.
I believe it.
And they win again last night.
Yes.
Trying to screw up the Cubs.
Cubs have been in first place in the division for a while now.
They're trying to screw it all up for the poor Cubbies.
They've won like 9 straight against the Cubs.
What?
They've won like 9 straight against the Cubs.
Well, excuse me.
405 is game time.
Hurricane Hotline 7-30-9.
Hurricane's.
And then game night with etiquade 9-00 midnight.
And that Panther Day game they played against the Black Hawks a couple of days ago.
I have a fiery port that maybe there were 400 people that attended.
They made a lot of sense having like a hockey game at noon, like on a weekday.
That makes good sense to me.
Well, yeah.
One of those things.
That's on your honey.
Oh, okay. I'll be helping you today.
Hey.
Would you please be having a ploustler, big cheese?
You better have a big assailer, cameras.
We are a big cheese.
We are not allowed many flavors.
Man, I'm afraid that is not decent.
We are HGG, HGKD-8.
We'll care for you everything.
You must be making me proud for this side-eye thing.
Yes, it's true.
We're the women in fact.
It is only because they smell so bad.
You can play the group of reactions of a group.
But we don't want to drink our wee wee.
Feel like our fool.
We're getting used to having a good thing.
Ragged.
It was my beer and my face clean.
Ragged.
Ragged.
Ragged.
You're too excuse me to eye-reading.
Ragged.
HGKD-8.
Ragged.
Ragged.
Ragged.
I'm not allowed.
Ragged.
I'm not allowed.
Ragged.
I'm not allowed.
Ragged.
I'm not allowed.
I'm not allowed.
Happy Ramadan, by the way, to all of our ragheads.
They're 14 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
I'm ready to be all confused.
I know we've been through this before.
And of course having here most of the time, you can't afford to be confused because you've
got so many different turbine-wearing ragheads here.
I mean you've got your Indian cab drivers and your pack-each.
Do the pack-each wear turbans too?
You're asking me?
No idea.
Well who do you think I'm asking?
Ishtra Bivill?
A pack-each.
Joe Bell.
How about a fudge pack-each?
Cute.
Now to all Muslims, what about the Hindus?
What's with all these Indian guys?
Henders do not wear turbans.
I believe it's the Sikhs that wear turbans.
And I think they might have them in Pakistan.
I don't know.
I know they have them in India.
Oh, in Pakistan they're Sikhs.
They have Sikhs?
Yeah.
And what about Muslims?
Not even in the Saudis.
Well there's two kinds of Muslims.
Good ones and bad ones?
Well there's Sunnis and the Shiites.
Yeah, oh yeah, we know that.
The Sunnis and the Shiites.
And you leave it out the Kurds, baby.
Don't forget about the freaking Kurds.
They want the oil wells.
They want to khapa pa pa pa oil oil because they're really religious.
And the Lord says they're Muhammad.
They want to grab all the oil.
Give me the money, baby.
Give me the money.
I know the Kurds don't wear a head gear.
Well, that's what it's all about.
The whole world is involved in a religious war
and nobody wants to say that.
It's like, well, the Sunnis and the Shiites, like what is that?
You know, they can't agree on whether my Muhammad liked with his right hand or his left hand.
And therefore they hate each other and they kill each other like crazy because of this very important disagreement.
9.84 and a pool.
I would imagine that if we can get a thousand before 11 o'clock,
that Chris is going to be in heaven.
He's going to be in pole heaven or in his case, hog heaven.
9.87.
We need 13 votes in 12 minutes to get to a thousand by 11 o'clock.
That would be-
Oh, although I put it on there right at 2 o'clock yesterday.
Shhh.
What?
That's okay, so I cheated.
We don't care.
You don't care what you're trying.
What?
You ain't cheating.
You ain't trying.
You picking on the Patriots again?
What are you talking about?
About Girl Belichack, about that Jets game.
That's a filthy conscience.
You know something?
Oh, yeah, I feel guilty.
They could have gone out there blindfolded and they would have beaten the crap out of them.
In addition to which the funny part was that same Jets team that was so impotent
and couldn't get near the Enzo against the Patriots,
they want the dolphins.
Yeah, they want the dolphins.
31 points.
What?
They want us by three.
Yeah, want us by three, like those-
when the defense went to sleep there in the last couple minutes of the game,
like that really counts.
That happens all the time, man.
You know that.
Okay.
And when Pish came to shove,
General Peter Pace, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff,
and a certifiably crazy person,
caused a stir at a Senate hearing this week when he repeated his view
that gay sexism in Maryland should not be condoned by the military.
He's not one of those military macho guys.
Ah, I don't know.
I think they're supposed to condone or not.
Yeah, I give a grand of being condoned.
Yeah, I like-
I look at him and I say, I don't condone you.
Right.
I'll condone your haircut.
Just out of general.
I just don't condone you as a person.
Pace of Retarious Next Week,
said he was seeking to clarify a cinema remarks he made in the spring
which he said were misreported.
Are there wonderful Americans who happened to be homosexual serving in the military?
Yes, he told the Senate of Properations Committee,
hearing yesterday focused on the Pentagon's 2008 war spending request.
We need to be very precise then about what I said,
wearing my stars and being very conscious of it, he added, wearing my stars.
And that is very simply that we should respect those who want to serve the nation,
but not through the law of the land condone activity that am I up foring,
is counter to God's law.
While he's worshipping the wrong God.
Niel God.
And Niel God's law says, be whatever you want to be, okay?
Besides the pedophile, we don't go for that.
All those people belong on Chris Hansen.
Especially if they're, and how come we don't have any Catholic priesthood ever show up on that show on daylight?
Just wait.
Maybe they ought to be hanging out in the rectumry.
Just wait.
It'll be a matter of time.
The plenty of those people to be there on the air.
Well, they probably don't have to go online.
There's a list of the gotta studies of live altar boards.
Parents bring in their children in the night.
They deliver them.
Like the rumors about the limousine they used to bring the kids to.
Sure. Well, Cardinal Spellman's door in New York, the rear door that is.
Because my son hears some money so you can pay us off later.
Right.
Just like Michael Jackson, same cramp.
And I wore protest just sitting behind paste,
jeered the four star generals remarks with some shouting, bigot.
They look committee chairman, recended a Robert Bird of West Virginia just turned 190 years old.
We're during the hearing abruptly and seal off the door.
Is that?
Oh, Bobby Bird, I guess thought there was going to be some violence or something.
Let me out of here.
The hearing resumed about five minutes later in which paste said he would be supportive of efforts to revisit the Pentagon's policy.
So long as it didn't violate his belief that sex should be restricted to a married heterosexual couple.
Didn't violate his belief.
In other words, he's the head mower.
He's going to decide.
He's the decider.
We have so many deciders in so little time.
I would be very willing and able to be and supportive of the changes to the policy to continue to allow the homosexual community to contribute to the nation without condoning what I believe to be.
Whether to be heterosexual or homosexual in my upbringing is not right, paste said.
Wow.
What activity are you willing to accept the general pace you moron?
Paces like the answer on gaze was produced by a prodded by Senator Tom Harkin of Iowa who said he found paste's previous remarks very hurtful and very demoralizing to homosexual serving in the military.
And marched the Chicago Tribune reported that paste said in a wide ranging interview,
I don't believe the US is well served by a policy that's okay to be immoral in any way.
Killing people is very moral, but of course that's only in the, you know, to protect ourselves, like from the Iraqis, for example.
That's right.
They should be the tactics.
That's correct.
Harkin said he wanted to give pasted chance to amend his remarks and light of his retirement.
It's a matter of leadership when we have to be careful what we say, Harkin said.
Paste noted that the US military code of justice prohibits homosexual activity as well as adultery.
Harkin said, well, then maybe we should change that.
And General Paste went like that, like he has not a good BMW in one years.
This is a man with very serious, serious problems between the ears.
He's worried about, and I'll put it in between the legs.
Right. I imagine he's got problems or two.
I wouldn't surprise me.
All the King's horses, a 40 Vagra probably wouldn't get the job done for this old coute.
Coute, there was.
I don't want both camp are coming on here sometimes.
What was he saying?
Something the Clintons can't face Sharon.
Fred and Cik have Chelsea's picture and move from restaurant.
What was that all about?
Look at that.
Genie most though.
She bugs me the most.
9.95.
How's 9.98?
Chris, we're going to do it.
A thousand votes before 11 o'clock.
Not by 11 o'clock, but before 11 o'clock.
And then that you're good friend.
Did you look it up by the way, lucky?
Yeah, I blocked him.
He's gone.
Well, what was his story?
What was his deal?
I didn't ask him for a story.
Yeah, what's his story besides being a crazy person and an ocean of provocateur and a real
negatory, one of those soft lilies that were like me?
30 something year old and bokeh, and I blocked him and off he goes.
38, but that's so great.
Don't mess with my birdies here.
We're tired.
No more of this.
No more of that.
Yeah.
No more messages, by the way, because you're blocked by everybody because they all hate you.
And no wonder you're 38 and you're still single and it got no significant other or even
insignificant other.
Who would have wanted to touch you with a 10 foot pole, huh?
And you know what the Joel Feinberg said?
He wouldn't touch the hopper with a 10 foot pole.
Let's go find a Polish basketball player, Seal.
He'll touch the hopper.
What do you think?
999, one more, Chris.
You're on the verge of greatness.
This will be a day that you can be as proud as the NBC peacock to be working at WDQAM.
Aren't you proud?
Say it loud.
Definitely.
Say it proud.
The Miami-Dade community college graduate that you are.
What kind of crap did you, I don't understand what that means, say, will chase you in a day.
Table changes the area that it's in.
So to make it sound like a nicer place, people like it sound like a real school chase.
As opposed to saying Miami-Dade community, it's like BCC, you know.
Hey, look, we got a lot of people out there who went to BCC.
And you know what?
And somebody who's going to BCC right now.
Thousand votes.
Thousand votes right there at 10.55 on a Thursday.
This is the day that changed their lives.
Anybody buying that?
No.
No, I'm not.
I sure wish it was the day that changed their lives.
Maybe I went at lottery.
Maybe I ought to play the lotto this week.
I don't know what it's going to be on Saturday.
Probably not more than like 8 or 9 million.
If I went that 8 or 9 million, I would come in on Monday morning and sit down here and do a show.
The likes of what you have never heard.
You know that yellow, square yellow button you've got?
You can't even imagine.
Even during the Skirndays on the station, even the Duffmeister wasn't pumping that thing as much.
As you'd have to be.
You sure?
I would just...
I mean, I would let it all loose.
What I really feel, what I really think about is how shit and about the way they treat people
and about the whole...
The whole...
The Shabang?
Shabang, that's right.
The whole Shabang.
I like that word.
Shabang is in gang, bang.
10.56 at 5.60 WGM, but we're a lot more mellow now.
We're not going to sit here and get all, but at least I'm not.
I'm not going through that crap again because Norma Kent said jackass.
Oh, I don't know how you can see that, Neil.
I work so hard, yeah, right.
Delusional.
That's what you are.
Delusional.
Fancy's himself as an agent.
See, I've got a stunt agent.
I've got a...
Fancy's himself as V and one, just like he fancyed himself as being a baseball player.
And like a person, you know?
But nevertheless, he's your agent too.
And you've done a heck of a job for you.
I know, but...
That's rather than that.
Drowned over there.
He's an agent, man.
And as far as that bonus money?
I know, forget about it.
Yeah, you mean me to it.
But, forget about it.
Because it took me about two seconds to work you man up.
This is the Neil Roger show.
DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG DOG Do you have any questions?
I like to fart, it pushes face.
I like to fart, it pushes face.
On behalf of the human race, I'd like to fart in Bush's face.
I'd like to show George what I think, with a nasty blast of McCoy and Stink on behalf of the human race.
I'd like to fart in Bush's face.
On behalf of the human race, I'd like to fart in Bush's face.
Alright!
And how f**king there anyone out there makes photo-protein after all she's been through!
She lost her head, she went through a divorce, she had to f**king get her husband turned out to be a user, a cheater, and now she's going through a custody battle.
All you people get about is readers and making money off of her! She's a human!
Her song is called Give Me More for a Reason because all you people want is more, more, more, more!
Lover alone!
You're lucky she even performed for you f*****!
Lover alone!
When is it professional to publicly bash the one who's going through all her time?
Lover alone!
Lover alone!
Lover alone!
Lover alone!
Lover alone!
Orth!
Anyone who has a problem with her you do with me!
No, that's a big tough.
How else did you keep forgetting to tell me to remind me to put a trip cue on the end of that mixed-the-list thing which obviously...
I don't think I'm going to get in there.
Starting Monday, 9 to 9, that's your real stiff competition.
Here's his pool on his website on what is the website?
Footin'themouth.com, something like whatever it is.
Listen, let's say traffic wise, what's worse?
The Palmeiro or 595?
Oh my God!
The Palmeiro is at least 2.3% of the votes and 595 has got 16.6%.
What?
Traffic wise, what's worse, the Palmeiro or 595?
This makes paper or plastic seem like a revolutionary question.
We're setting the world on fire.
Animal I woody with poll questions like that, your website should draw a lot of attention man.
I hope everybody looks at it.
What's worse, the Palmeiro or 595?
Which block? See, this is the local angle.
We want to get local.
It reminds me of a buddy butt packs in this kind of crap, you know?
We got to get those hot button issues, you know?
Get those hot button issues, yeah.
You got to have a hot button for your buddy butt.
Back to putty putt.
Jesus, got almighty.
Traffic wise, what's worse?
The Palmeiro or 595?
First of all, as if there's any doubt.
In addition, which if your car breaks down or you get an accident on the Palmeiro, nobody speaks English.
At least in 595 you might lock out and find somebody speaking English.
Palmeiro, who in the right mind goes on the Palmeiro anyway?
Me?
You do?
Sometimes? For what?
To get to places, sometimes I go down south.
Where would you go to me on the Palmeiro?
My family lives in Kendall and Kendall and I go down.
Thank you very much.
Who don't want to go see them?
Me?
I mean, 595 that goes anywhere you want to go.
Traffic wise, what's worse?
I'm saving this baby.
I am saving this. This is a gem footer.
You've really done it now.
You have really opened up your pantaloonies, dropped into the floor and bent over and showed both cheeks to the entire universe where they still are pulled like that.
What's worse? The Palmeiro?
What's worse? Federal Highway or the Rick and Backer Causeway?
What's worse? Federal Highway or the 17th Street Causeway?
What's worse?
What's the use?
Look at that. We got 1045 votes on the poll. That's pretty heavy duty.
Chris?
Our goal today is 55,000.
Okay. If we get one less than that, we're going to be pretty peeled. We're all going to like go over and vote on footies poll.
Jackass. I mean,
for the one with the AK-47, that wasn't bad enough. And of course the result on it was really grotesque.
But traffic wise, what's worse?
I'm not talking about it on the show. I mean, just in life.
I'm just going back to that.
What?
Going back to that page, although it does make you feel better.
What do you mean by that? Better about us?
Yeah. I mean, we get people who complain bitterly even though we at least make an effort. We make an attempt.
Let's come up with something different, something new, something, or if it's not something we haven't done before, it'll change it a little bit.
Mix it, mix it, match, something, a little something.
That might be interesting, might be provocative, might be mind-challenging, might be just be something, something.
And that's something, alright? We can't say the word on the air.
It's Schmidt. Pure smelly, pile of Schmidt is what that is.
Footy.
God. I got to get out of that place.
I got to get on the air stuff. Like ash to be a little Ohio sounds good.
How about WIMA and Lymo Ohio?
Nothing to be fighting beyond Lymo.
Lymo in Lymo?
Yeah, almost took a job there in Lymo.
The owner of the station wanted to hire me, but the PD didn't want to hire me because I was a big fan of him.
I said I don't know. I don't know what it was.
It was really interesting.
I'm there in Lymo, Ohio on a phone, on a pay phone, and the owner of the station is talking to me.
Oh yeah, now you're great. We really want to have you. We want you to start like next Monday.
Do me a favor, call my program director, Jim Schmidt and this guy wanted me to do with me.
And so I'm like caught in the crosshairs between the owner of the PD.
I don't know. I'm still to this day. I have no idea what it was all about.
And obviously it was a very career devastating move for me to be not hired in Lymo, Ohio.
Which I have a feeling isn't too far from Findley, Ohio, the hometown of Joe Mars Jr.
And you're probably thinking who that was, Joe Mars Jr.
I bet you George knows what Joe Mars Jr.
Harness driver?
Yeah, see there you go, Harness driver.
Not just A Harness driver. One of my all-time heroes, man. One of my favorites.
Really? Joe Mars Jr.
Better than Wally had a seat.
Oh, way much better. You kid me, Wally. Hennisy, my ass. How's it going, A Wally?
Well, I was okay. He's pretty good.
But he ain't no Joe Mars Jr.
Which of these do you care about at least Paris Hilton 242 Britney Spears 223?
OJ Simpson 169. Lindsey Lohan 144, the Gina 6100.
Sports 87, the GN Strike. Look how many, uh...
About 30 men.
At least about that. Global warming 29, politics 21, an economy only for out of a thousand four.
And those people must either be so poverty-stricken that they live in a dumpster or they're like maybe billionaires, maybe, uh, you know, like Joel Feinberg.
By the way, food here. And not a moment too soon.
Well, good.
Well, the food sure got there nice and early. That's a good thing.
Yeah, you can just shower somewhere here.
You can like talk on a body and get everybody whipped up into a frenzy so that in 50 minutes when these things go on sale to the general pubic out there on our qm.com.
They're going to hop them up like crazy.
Oh, the baby!
And we got a hundred of them now. We're going to go through that battle again about because, and Chris is going to say, well, we got a hundred that's going to take a long time.
And that is touching the microphone with greasy fingers.
Oh, no. I can smell it.
That's right.
That's what I was using.
What?
Touch all the, uh, controls with greasy fingers.
Who used to do that?
You used to do that.
Are you talking about the Anahua? It wasn't greasy.
Both of it. All of it. All of the above. You used to eat it.
Right there on the board.
You threw the bones right on the board.
Or some kind of a slob or something that we talked about.
Yes, I am.
So what about that?
And I'd go and run the board after you and it'd be all oily and schmutz up.
I know how you're going to use to smear the olive oil on my face.
I'll never forget.
And then you'd start sliding around in there.
Right.
Oh, smear an olive oil on my face.
You know, something that wasn't a bad idea. I might just go and do it right now.
Yeah, you might as well your home.
I got some of my slippers.
Now let's see which hotel did I steal these from.
I don't know what's called.
No from NH hotel.
So these are from Amsterdam.
This is from the Crasnepolsky.
In Amsterdam.
When's your next trip to Amsterdam, by the way?
When you pay for it.
From it, it's after 11 at 560 W.
I guess it'll be around.
I guess it'll be around.
Deal. God.
This is I with this new.
It now appears that Senator Larry Craig may not go quietly after all.
A half hour before announcing his intention.
He left this message, apparently meant for his lawyer, at the wrong number.
Billy, this is Larry Craig calling.
I am gay.
I seek activity and bathrooms.
I lower my pen, spread my legs.
I hope Idahoans will allow me to continue serving gay people at the Minneapolis airport.
Thank you.
Bye.
Oh my God.
I have just done a little bit of research.
You know me with the numbers.
It's the poll numbers and this number and a good number and a bad number.
I just did some research and you know something.
I think we're going to commit group suicide on the air.
Remember Harry Curie?
Yeah.
Well, I'm talking about the Japanese version.
I'm looking back on our website.
At the hits and at the reads on the bedtime stories.
Okay.
And now you're eating food, so you don't really care that much.
But I think you may lose your appetite.
Try me, try me.
May 29th.
Trust and betrayal.
We had 1,592 reads on that.
Iraq beginning to export fighters nearby countries beyond 1404.
Cheney criticizes the Geneva Convention's 1298.
The top stories read on that day.
We had 649, 449, 441, 422, 389, 374, etc.
Okay.
That was on May 29th.
On July 17th, the top story, wrong again, Bush's logic and ours.
902.
The second most read story had 840 to 752, 622.
You following these numbers?
No.
You need to.
Why?
You need to.
You're going to want to depress me.
I don't care.
Yeah, you know, I don't want to depress you.
I want to bring you into the reality of the situation.
Let me find ourselves in.
May 9th.
I already know.
We're not going to get bonus.
That's July 19th.
I'll kind of come back.
Angers work critics.
929.
The second most.
The big lie of George W.
George 899, 848, 731.
Okay.
Now.
Okay.
Now.
Yeah.
If you bring it up to date, this is just a few months ago.
Okay.
Now if you bring it up to here following that grotesque August, I don't know what you did in August, baby.
I'm going to blame you for it.
Okay.
No, I'll take the blame.
I mean, like right now, the top story, Dan Rather, tased and confused, which is a good story.
I really have to say, 96 is all it's got.
96 reads.
The top one yesterday, 215.
Only one would even 200 reads on it.
And we're talking, we had 15, 16, I read 900.
What about two days ago?
208.
Oh my God.
How the mighty of phone.
We got nobody on our website, baby.
We got nobody on our website.
No.
Read those bedtime stories.
Why do I even put George Courtless through the motions?
I mean, he's just going to excuse to give him a little money every now and then.
But other than that, I guess it's an exercise.
It's a freaking exercise.
This thing, that's what we're doing on that website on neo-riders.com.
We may have to shut the whole damn thing off again.
And I'm not talking about back in the day when we had the new pictures on there.
Forget about that.
I'm talking about now.
Now.
Yeah.
Let me go back and look a little bit.
Let's see what's it a today.
Let's look before August.
Why already did that?
Let's look at the 23rd of July.
And you were probably on that day anyway.
It was a, not with you.
It was a Monday.
26th of July.
And 32,000 people checked out our website that day.
32,000 visits.
You following that?
No.
You better start listening to this because you're going to get all depressed and bummed out.
That's why I don't want to.
Well, I want you to be.
162 people.
I didn't have sexual relations with that woman.
Was the title of the top story on there?
8.62.
This is on July 23rd.
Wow.
And what day of the week was that?
The 23rd.
I'll tell you what there was.
It was a Monday.
Which means you were on.
You were doing the show.
I was doing Tuesday and Thursday that month.
You were on.
Now, maybe it's me.
You think that's it?
Let's check the next day.
Maybe it's me.
If that's the case, I'll walk out of here right now.
No.
What?
You're not walking out?
Don't walk out.
I've got to finish lunch.
24th.
Okay.
That would have been a Tuesday.
That would have been me.
All about me.
Still 31,000 visitors to the Assight.
So I didn't chase him all the way that day.
And let's see about the bedtime stories on that day.
The 24th.
Here comes the deal.
738.
Reads.
712.532.
A little bit of a drop there.
George.
Yeah.
That was me.
All right.
Here's George.
Hey.
How's it going, everybody?
A Monday to Judge.
A Monday to Judge.
A Monday to Judge.
And on Thursday, it's the same 31,000 people visiting that thing.
We haven't had 31,000 since before.
Jesus was a baby since that horrible August that you sent me up for.
That's what it's all about.
Were you spinning wax or what?
You know, I wasn't.
Were you playing waxy as sound effects?
What were you doing?
I was eating wax.
Jesus.
It sounds like the house of wax.
September 18.
I worked there the week was at.
That was a Tuesday.
Let's see.
1993 on a visit to the site.
You can see way way down.
Way down.
Yonder in New Orleans.
What day is that?
I don't remember what day it was.
919.
And look at that.
The most red story on that date was 203.
Then 171, 161.
We're talking about the neo-Rajus.com site.
Haven't vanished into the thin air.
Why aren't you people reading those stories?
You are?
That's all we got left.
I'm going to sit down on the floor and just cry like a baby.
Bring the mic.
I mean, you know, we were aware of it.
But you know, we were aware of it.
I mean, I had forgotten those salad days, you know, not that long ago.
When our site was like a magnet for zillions of people out there.
Zillions, cosidians.
Which is way more than billions of even trade-ins.
Even more than bushes wasting your money, flushing it down the toilet and a rat killing all them people.
Chris, what's he worried about?
He's worried about the stinkin' stupid ass poll.
Yeah, I know what that's like.
We got a 1075 votes on here.
If the poll was a barometer of the people we had listening out there, we'd be kicking big ass.
But based on that last trend that we just saw and based on these numbers I see on here,
we're kicking ass all right, our own.
September 25, politics in black and white, 208 to top a read as opposed to 7, 8, 900 people.
So either that or maybe cos I'm reading the stories on the air.
That could be it.
I doubt it.
You think that's it?
Yeah, that must be it.
They don't need to read it because I'm reading the money here.
Not a pipe booth.
I was doing it back then too.
I've been doing this a long time.
And then every now and then one of you's fakeers talks to me to take calls again.
And it's a bad mistake and then they're two.
I say, oh, I don't want to do that no more.
And I go back to this.
That is shocking is what it is.
Criminal.
It's like a message.
It's like somebody's holding up a big sign, an eonsign in the sky.
And what are we going to do about it?
I know.
Nothing.
Right.
Good guess.
We're going to continue coming in and show up and doing the day and best we can.
That's all we can do.
I don't know what I'm going to do about it.
We'll take full responsibility for it though.
I was like another red.
A different lucky said pathetic, pathetic, polls and milling it in bad.
They're like, retire.
Like that.
Suspended NFL quarterback Michael Vic must have here to
tighten restrictions after he tested positive for marijuana use.
Federal judge said yesterday.
For Michael, Michael, Michael, motorcycle.
Vic tested positive for the drug September 13th Accord document from the Eastern District of Virginia shows.
As a result, U.S. District Judge Henry Hudson ordered Victor to submit to any method of testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer for determining whether the defendant is using a provident substance.
Those methods could include random drug testing, a remote alcohol testing system, and or any form of provident substance screening or testing the order said.
Vic 27 must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling if deemed advisable by the pretrial services officer or supervising officer at his own expense the order said.
Vic is also ordered to stay home between 10 pm and 6 am, or is directed by the pretrial services officer as supervising officer the order said.
He needs to be electronically monitored during that time.
The conditions are to apply until Vic sentencing, which is said for the 10th of December.
Let's see what this hot fax is here.
Then now this is a joke.
You know, I wish it was.
Well, what is this?
I'm not reading this. This has got to be a joke.
It's FYI. That's what he titled the subject.
Yeah.
Your agent.
Am I supposed to read this?
I don't know.
I don't know. I would bother Neil with this, but I thought you'd be a kick out of it, and he sent it to you.
I would bother Neil with this.
I would.
I don't really care.
I bother you with it.
I'm not reading this on here.
Of course you're not.
It looks to me like Norma's maybe smoking a little too much funny weed again or something like that.
Nice to share.
Talk about a man of...
Oh, and look at how long this thing goes on and on and on.
You know, if Norma can't was less obsessed with this particular individual who these pages are all about,
and more concerned would like, you know, really being an agent and doing something instructive
as opposed to destroying my relationship with my employers, maybe something positive would come up,
but instead of that he's emailing to you because he knows that if he emailed the directly to me,
I'd be pissed off and fired up.
And he didn't email it directly to me, and I'm still pissed off and fired up.
Norma, you idiot.
You ferry.
But we got a thousand eighty votes on the pool.
I think we ought to stop talking about the pool.
I'm just going to put it up there and not talk.
Let's talk about the bedtime stories.
Okay.
If we can't get at least 300 reads on our top story today, I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
I'm not coming in tomorrow.
Hello.
You guys aren't talking to yourselves.
You know, it's just not all of us have an opportunity to call in from work to the top nonsense.
But we're listening.
We're out there.
We're talking to ourselves, man.
No, no, you're not talking to yourself.
At least at least at my work, there's three or four people that come and go in and they're always listening.
Even my customers are listening.
Are you serious?
Take a survey for me, pal.
Come in next week.
I want to know the survey.
Not only that, but being in Hylia, you're going real well over here.
My customers stare at the radio and go, what are you listening to?
Yeah, exactly.
K?
K?
Yes.
Exactly.
See you, Pilly.
I still have ego.
I still can't even eat this.
1094, I had full again.
Almost 1100 now.
But we're kicking ass on that pool.
Of course, that doesn't really mean anything.
The fact that I keep talking about it is probably a negative thing.
But you know what?
I would, you don't care.
Just give me the money, Joe.
Just give me the damn money.
No, there was this tremendous.
And it wasn't when I came back either because I wanted to look at, see if I should take it personal, you know?
And you're doing fine.
Like in middle August, then all of a sudden it was like, I don't like they turned on us like a cornered rat.
Like, late in August.
What were you doing?
Were you spinning wax?
No.
No.
I was spinning my wheels, obviously.
WDQA and Hello.
Call it, woo!
Maybe they just got tired of you or something like that.
Maybe that's it.
Maybe they're tired of all of us.
Maybe that might be it.
WDQA and Hello.
A meal.
Yes.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thanks for taking my call.
Thank you for taking my call.
It's because you're mowing it in, baby.
WDQA and Hello.
Aaaaah!
That's your buddy Lucky, by the way.
WDQA and Hello.
I'm coming.
Hey Neil, what's going on?
How are you doing, sir?
Hey, your numbers are going down because all the pole talks.
You're mailing it in with the pole.
Oh, here's the mail in with the pole.
You have any original ideas in your mind, sir?
But even when you fart it smells like somebody else's.
It does.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Probably your boyfriend.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello, I'm Jonathan George.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello.
Is this Neil?
Yes?
Anybody call you about Luis Miguel and Las Vegas a couple of weeks ago?
What about Luis Miguel and Las Vegas?
We happened to be out there vacationing.
Didn't know about him appearing there.
And he appeared at the theater where Salim Dion usually appears.
Oh, great night.
Good.
phenomenal.
Dion.
Two and a half hours ago on a van canada Salim Dion.
Two and a half hours show.
I saw him in Vegas.
Caesar's a nine-fifth.
I saw him a few years ago.
He's great.
Yeah, absolutely one of the best shows I've ever seen.
Absolutely.
Two best Salim Dion had a runon for you.
Okay, good luck to you, sir.
Don't go back to Vegas.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6
grammar.
You want to do this.
Power and full 5 ppy�, and 10 ppy�, 5 ppy�, product, instruments,noc channel,
We salute you, Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Mr. Guy is still thinking Bush is...
You commute to work with a smile on your face,
as you pay $3.78 a gallon,
and adjust the plastic Jesus on your dashboard.
How are you doing now?
Bush's approval ratings are at an all-time low,
but you don't care.
You're a red stator,
and broke back Mountain never played a bitter near you.
Don't watch brother we there.
There's no such thing as global warming.
Those sinners in New Orleans,
cup what they deserve.
And yes, the earth was created in seven days.
Don't you leave that in several moonshines?
The war in Iraq is a noble fight,
and by golly,
one day we'll find those nasty weapons of mass destruction.
So we salute you,
Mr. Guy, who still thinks Bush is doing a good job.
Your gas guzzling SUV,
your 2.2 children,
and your ignorance.
You are a real American A-hole.
And I forgot to go out and make a we need during the break, that's bad.
Oh, that's...
11.45, 15.00 noon at QM,
15 minutes before we start.
Now how's the food and what you guys eating, etc.
Well, I had ribs,
some nice chicken,
Caesar, basil, salad,
I'm not sure what it was,
and now I haven't some peel-and-meat shrimp.
Mmm.
And...
And it's good.
See ya.
Lashme Shoudry.
Huh?
That's the name of the person who wrote this on the nation.
Lashme Shoudry.
More skinny on fat cells.
This is very short.
We don't want to get into a whole thing about...
Especially when we're talking about food, you know.
Here are two more interesting articles on the Bane of our collective existence,
Body Weight.
First up is the New York Magazine article titled The Scientist and The Stairmaster,
which makes the provocative argument that there is very little correlation between
weight loss and exercise.
That's exceptionally bad news for someone who's pregnant required to gain at least 25 pounds.
The article is adapted from a new book, Good Calories,
Bad Calories,
Challenging the Conventional Wisdom on Diet, Weight Control and Disease by Gary Tubbs,
who writes,
This isn't to say that there aren't excellent reasons to be physically active,
as these reports invariably point out.
We might just enjoy exercise,
we may increase our overall fitness, we may live longer,
perhaps by reducing our risk of heart disease or diabetes,
we'll probably feel better about ourselves.
Of course, this may be purely a cultural phenomenon,
it's hard to imagine that the French, for example,
would improve their self-esteem by spending more time at the gym.
But there's no reason to think that we'll lose any significant amount of weight
and little reason to think we'll prevent ourselves from gaining it.
Next is a new ad campaign by the Italian label No Lita.
It features a severely anorexic actress posing naked,
accompanied by the slogan No Anorexia.
French actress Isabella Cotto weighs a little over 68 pounds,
looks simply hideous, at least to the untuted eye,
though Italian medical experts claim the end of the life
will actually encourage young girls to look more like Cotto.
I find that hard to believe, but take a look and decipher yourself.
It's in there's a link here,
and you can take a look, she's 68 pounds soaking wet.
Yummy.
5.6705.60,
Palm 5.60, and the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
This thing is staggering,
and if you are more a student of the Estats,
you would have seen it on your own.
You said,
well, I'll tell you one thing,
I don't know what the hell happened there at the end of August
before the old man came back.
I think I got it with sabotage.
Okay.
Is that what it was?
Must have been.
And what's the story with the signal?
Can anybody hear us anymore?
I don't know.
I keep hearing all these stories about
Castro interference and like,
like that.
I hope those are just bad rumors.
WQA M, hello.
Hey, the LM call you with a cancer buzzer on my neck, I know.
WQA M, hello.
Yeah, I'm on a missed yesterday.
What station do you say Bob and Tom's coming to yesterday?
I don't say they're coming to anybody.
I said they're going off,
whichever one they were in Palm Beach.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry about you.
Old Ron and ancient Paul on there and so.
Oh god.
Now, that'll put me to sleep.
I just don't understand that move at all.
Well, there's no need for brain surgery.
Okay. Good luck to you, sir.
WQA M, hello.
Get out of the way.
WQA M, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay. How are you?
I'm very well.
Thank you.
I'm Danny Key West with my boy,
planted there,
sitting around with my cough.
Chi-O on our nuts.
WQA M, hello.
A lot of toe tap.
I'm going on down there with you.
It sounds like it.
Yeah.
QA M, hello.
Hey, John.
Okay.
Hello, couple.
I'm at the bus.
I hang up.
Yeah.
Uh, I had a controversial.
Oh, controversial.
Yeah. There he is.
WQA M, hello.
It was the rain in the, uh, uh,
the toilet.
Yeah. WQA M, hello.
Could you tell me what station has good talk radio on right now?
Because this one evidently, there's none.
Could you tell me there is some?
No.
No joke.
Because this is crap.
Yeah.
That must be your boyfriend again.
WQA M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you this morning?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, I'm another one of those who's having a, uh,
it seems only a bit called getting your show on the, uh, on the inner.
Uh, mad dog show comes in nice and clear.
And the morning show comes in clear.
And for some reason, uh, you guys get gargled and the signal gets lost.
Really?
And, uh, yesterday, uh, you just said it before.
I'm not sure, but like last 40 minutes of your show,
I'll let you produce your minutes.
Could stand anymore.
Is the words all in cardboard together?
Is like the reverb something that's bizarre?
Yeah.
And I have sabotage to me.
Bingo.
Well, it's Alice and Jerry Garlett, I could care.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, somebody called about that.
Remember yesterday, uh, you were telling me that, uh,
what was that all about?
What was going on?
We don't know.
The HD aspect of it screwed everything up or pop.
There's something like.
Oh, well, what the hell does that mean?
The HD?
Nobody's got any HD radio.
There's nobody who's listening to HD.
So in other words, they're touching around with our signal now.
We don't have enough other, uh, uh,
albatrosses around our next.
Like, I guess even though no one has HD,
it goes through an HD broadcast or something.
So it's that screwed up the regular broadcast or something.
I don't know.
Of course, it was telling me something.
I didn't really understand it.
Jesus, K. Christ.
The good news never stops coming.
And Norma Kent, he's busy sending me articles about the evil one again.
Pages and pages and pages of swill of crap.
Of nonsense.
This is how my attorney spends his time.
Worried I'm obsessing.
I think the two of them ought to be loathe together.
Him and his, uh, arch rivalry.
They ought to be loathe.
Jesus, God Almighty, Norma, you are as useless as breast on a damn ballpoint pen.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
What do you got?
This is going to make you day a new little for the fine pigs and the pigs are for.
Uh, going east-south as you may say.
I-75, they have a stop sign as you get off the expressway.
There's five cops.
You can take it.
So when you don't make the stop, who has a stop sign as you come up the, uh, exit ramp?
We're, we're 75 and we're 75 going east-south, Sheridan Street.
Yeah.
The fine cop, there's no, there's no crime in the premises.
Small people are getting robbed and purified.
But it takes seven fine cops to get tickets for that stop.
And as you go in 45 miles an hour off the exit ramp.
Wait a minute.
As they say and as they say in Finland, hubbum and dread.
Fine pig suck.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Fred.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Hi.
I've been listening to your program for 31 years.
Uh, currently 72.
Yeah.
Hello?
Hello?
Is it there?
Yeah, are you there?
Yeah, uh, I just wanted to say.
How do you know anymore you're not?
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi.
Uh, about, any miles to the bay, but online in the radio.
I'm fired up here.
You want?
How are you?
I got my, I'm on the way.
Uh, I know, about about 90 miles from, uh,
bay, but online.
Yeah, we'll get to the show of your mouth.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Morning, Neil.
Morning, sir.
Hey, um, I was just wondering not here in George much lately.
But I wanted to do some of that roller skating with him and his crew.
I wonder if we could get a hamstring update
And if he's gonna go into night for the first time in two months, you're going to be there. Oh
Cool, how's it feel? It's not great. You want to feel it? How does it feel it when he shows up?
Yeah, give it a squeeze when you show up in the hamstring to
Wow, oh bomb squad and please where's this?
Where where oh
Geez why would they tell that? I don't know the usually say at the bottom on the crawler that damn Tony Harris man. He makes me very very angry
WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Nelly. Yeah, what's the deal?
I know where that stop sign is on Sheridan
Yeah, they were doing some construction there and now they can stop by it with the stop sign up and now the construction is over
But they're still right in tickets there for yeah, it's good for business. Yeah
The signal is swallowing in Gardland
Yeah, yeah swallowing
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil sunny Fox why George so anti-Hatro WQ a.m. Hello
Nothing to say today
Q a.m. Hello
Neil yeah, you that was the best that guy that just called up about the hamstrings
That's what I'm doing that I'll never forget that in my life. That was all good. Well, why now?
Why do you why do you keep doing that you do that all the time for Evan Joe? Who cares? Okay
At least that was a somewhat different version of the voice. No, not much different. No, yeah, it was
slightly no slight variation on the theme. No. Yes
Fah eh WQ a.m. Hello
It's time to play the name the bird contest. Are you ready?
WQ a.m. Hello
Neil how are you? Okay, sir. I just stored it a lot. See cotton and I'm flying
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, this is deep pain auto detailing. I'm sending my technician Brian Craig over and I'd like to know do you want rally wax or a total wax?
Oh no, I think we got waxy build up myself won't be long before what's his name Joel Feinberg calls back in again?
Will it WQ a.m. Hello? Hello. Yes. Yeah, right there. That's the reason George just killed the shot
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hola
Neil, how's it going here? Okay?
First time I'm calling the long time list. I just let you know the inward did get out of the ear. Yeah
That's all I got here. Okay, we don't care. They deal WQ a.m. Hello
Neil yes, did you know if any workers on the coast? Yes, I talked about yesterday's a matter of fact where I am top of that radio crap
All right, I got nothing else. How's he doing? How's he doing is he to read me three by five cards good? I don't listen to it
I just was zooming by did they and I heard him that he was gonna be on it wander something is he an Alice Marveza with a mead or what?
Not yet, but what other guy's Skolnick whatever he's coming on pretty soon. Ethan Skolnick
He's gonna do a big DM right there in the studio and then deservedly so
And a boy Ethan drop a big drop the big bomb
135 votes on the poll, but we skated right past 1100 I didn't even notice because I'm not gonna pay attention to poll anymore
You know what it's four minutes till noon. You know what that means in noon four minutes away. We open up the deal Neil's real
This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour
This is Dan Ruther
formerly of the CBS evening news and now just another semi retired senior citizen
With a honeydew list
I've gone from interviewing world leaders and commentating on the biggest issues of our time
To sitting in my car waiting for my wife outside the dress bar
Who do I blame for my sudden and jarring juxtaposition?
CBS I filed a $70 million lawsuit against my former network its parent company
Viacom and my three former bossives
This thing is gonna make the I miss lawsuit look like a case in front of Judge Joe Brown
I was made escape code and completely discredited for a story. I did on President Bush's National Guard service
Now whether or not I lied or completely fabricated the entire story is irrelevant the point is
I'm Dan Ruther I took over for Walter Krunkkite for Christ sake and who took over for me a former morning show cookie party girl
With a propensity for horn players and cheese fries Dan Ruther has never eaten food with his fingers
It's just not becoming CBS treated me like a weatherman from Wichita and they say my lawsuit is without merit
I say we settled by Halloween or I do do an a sandwich baggy and light it on fire on the CBS
Front porch my days used to be filled with important meetings and life or death decisions now
I'm forced to babysit the grandbabies and take Seattle's on the rare occasion the moment is right
If I would have still been in the anchor chair and CBS would have asked me to go to Iraq
I would have gone, but I never would have worn a bulletproof vest like a baby at this point
I would normally use one of my witty entertaining metaphors
But unfortunately due to the lack of outside stimuli my brain is slowly turning into a rotten tuna salad sandwich
Left on the picnic table on a 90 degree day for now
This is Dan Ruther signing off and if any of my former three bosses from CBS are listening in I want to tell you
I will fight this injustice until the day they lower me into the ground and cover me with warm infested soil
Even then I'll come back as an angry lost soul perhaps on the TV show Ghost Whisperer Friday nights and eight on CBS
You see even pissed off. I'm promoting because you can't kill Dan Ruther
You can only make him stronger Kanye West told me that and you can be my black Kate Moss tonight
Dan Ruther respect can you believe it? Okay?
12.03 and Brandon tells me Bob and Tom are replacing Lexington Terry
I'm WZCR and Palm 8's 94.3 so there's the answer that kind of Bob and Tom for
Please don't carry my ass. Well, I'll tell you this stuff thing is a little on the slow side again, Chris
We got a hundred of these certificates for
Land lovers land lovers just relax. I'm on top of it. Okay. Just don't get all panicky. We got 71 left correct
Well, that's that's not the way these usually go they usually go in big chunks by now or nearly we'd be down to like 45 30 something like that
70 like I said they're going by the ones so look will you know because I don't want to have a bunch left over like stew
Gods that won't happen nobody Q a.m. Hello
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 in the Verizon and singing a wireless line the day that we brought the phone calls back permanently by the way
What no I'm excited you're excited you hate the phone calls. Oh, yeah, you could tell the sarcasm there
You hate the callers. That's what it is. Hey, no just for them
That's all we got
And we still have 70 certificates to a seller 50 dollars certificates for 25 bucks to land lovers and we got the 70 left
I don't care what Chris says Chris does talks a lot of crap you know out his ass. Oh
No, it's not gonna happen. You won't have a yeah, I don't think so
I mean when you do it often enough and you see that they usually go by by this time by 1204 there'd maybe be 15 or 20 left
You know 70 about
What do you mean what am I talking about? I'm talking to which word don't you understand there might be 15 left like this 50
No, yes, 100 no, I keep clicking it clicking it clicking it refreshing it yankin it twisted it bending it
How long do you think what's we pushing it pulling it what how long did it take out not like this?
Not like this not 70 still unsolved
Oh my god, I think it's time for an on-the-ear power field suicide
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello, I just ran that stop sign of sharing
WDQ a.m. Not there 5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
Well, we had a lot of work to do and that's not that's not in my vocabulary
Although you know what Bruce Beasley says he believes in honest days work for an honest days pay really I believe in this honest days work for a
He doesn't spend a lot of time in his building then 66
66
Is what we got left and Chris is trying to tell me I mean, you know, I know I'm old
But I'm not that old my old-timers hasn't kicked in we never had this kind of a
It's so it's before
We're like way more than half are still remaining at the 1206 6 minutes past noon and now it back up to 67
So we're going in the wrong direction
WDQ a.m. Hello
Yes, I've been for a big ride now
WDQ a.m. Hello, you remember the good old duo shows used to do
I
Don't be too. I am hello
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello, how come we need to write something you write it down, but when you're in trouble you get written up
WDQ a.m. Hello
WDQ a.m. Hello
Hey, we can hear from all of them. You know the one good thing about these these the collars is that no matter
I've totally this the other day no matter what under any circumstances
They're always there you could like not take calls for two years
Mm-hmm, and then all of a sudden hey, we're taking calls today
Here's the numbers and they're all the same ones back again 67 still unsolved and Chris has given me a son of an aunt
Oh, you'll get them all sold by yeah, right. You should live so long, man
One thing about you you're a slow learner
Okay, we'll see
I have this story about the nuns, but I guess story now. I mean one story go story
Six Catholic nuns have been excavated for heresy after refusing to give up membership in a Canadian sect
Whose father claims to be possessed by the Virgin Mary the diocesan little rock announced here today
The Reverend Gaston Abert the diocesan administrator said he notified the nuns of decision to do that after they refused to be
Can't the teachings of the community of the lady of all nations also known as the army of Mary
The Vatican is declared all members of the army of Mary excommunicated Abert set the excommunication was the first in the diocese
165 year history. It's a painfully historic moment for this church
He said but a big put a book for the last hour to go to my pile and it wasn't very exciting Abert
And there's more you sent me two pages of life crap like God. What is wrong with you?
Let me click this again. I'm sure that we're not alike about yes C66 now. We were so one
This this I wouldn't even call this a response
This is like an act of defiance by the audience
66 out of a hundred are still on soul that 12 away
What do you think of that Duff? Hey Duff you ferry WQ a.m. Hello
I'm so hot I could go go raw hot dogs my
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, I want to talk to Neil. Yes, speaking. Hey, what's up? Yeah?
This is Neil really. Yes, what do you got? It's not Neil. I want to talk to me. Oh, okay WQ a.m. Hello
Normal female checking in from coral springs. Wow. Yeah
That's about all I have though. I just want to let you know that one of us out here is normal
Okay, thanks. All right. Bye
Sounds like he's taking a shot at our good close friends on the phone there. That's evil a normal lady in coral springs
66 still on soul. I think I'm going on strike. That's a three three now. I know I just listen
What just relax I got relax like me come down
You know, sure if you can hyper today you somebody think you're doing a whole lot of drugs or something
WQ a.m. Hello. Yes, no, did you read about that story to paper about that
precellus for this one of the three mother Mary?
WQ a.m. Hello
Yeah, yeah, well you were in Boston about 25 years ago. No
show
Ties of the you pick me up on the right to be down. Yeah, right. I was a W.A.M. Hello
Yes, this is the manager for gal. It's gay and we have WQ a.m. Hello
First time this morning's first time caller. What's the deal like with all these phone calls?
He got you discussed topic
Why do we need this what topic do you want to discuss sir?
Well, I mean, isn't that what talk rate is about this guy? No talk rate is about whatever we wanted to be about nobody wants to discuss
a bunch of stupid ass topics get lost go find a show you like
Schmuck
I suppose I've asked topics. Yeah, it went out with with high button shoes with white bucks
With two piece men's bathing suits
Still stuck on 60. Oh 61 look at that. They're going in small chunks
WQ a.m. Hello, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir? I know you're always the
You know the right thing to ask about certain things. I don't know if you heard no who Matt Millen is as far as court. Yeah
He was on again. I can't believe I never called you when it happened and the quarterback bumbled the ball
And this is what he said when he was a broadcaster. He said that he did not die. This is the center's rear
And he's time to get used to his rear and I only thought of that you know
Exactly about broadcasters being these next job. What is that gonna end?
It's not
It's a disease. It until somebody creates some kind of an anti-biotic and antidote to it. It's not gonna end. It's like out of control
I mean you still watch football on me. I have you basically
Of course I was Sunday. I'm glued all afternoon. You bet and I want to compare like what was it about the dolphins that totally turned you off?
Because I know you're the only one on the station to be honest about it
The organization and the way they treated us when we worked at IOD they treated us like crap and like we were a bunch of criminals
I just didn't like the whole ambiance out there at the stadium. I didn't like the fans
I didn't like their attitude the crap that because you were at a dolphin game
You were automatically assuming to be a canes fan which I didn't go to school at the
Right and I couldn't give a crap less about the canes if they lost every game would make me happy
I just don't like the whole ambiance. It's sounds like you think listen to past more the raiders of the dolphins
Are you kidding me? I think it's a good match to stand off and then the Toronto Maple Leaf see if family
Don't start with the sport stuff
62 now we just lost one
This is the slowest start we have ever had in the history of the Niels deals
When you agree I don't know well, you don't know because you're not paying any attention
What what about you if you run the babies it be all gone now here's George. Hey, everybody. I'm under the shot
62
You better watch it otherwise George is gonna start spinning some wax
Most
You can't just listen in, watch what you're saying
The agents listen in, do your conversation
You say you got nothing to hide, a scrank your name
For the FBI after reading that email said by you
The agents listen in, argue despite the idea that's listen in
Watch what you're writing, do you game of your privacy
Do you know why you don't list the TV's music for a undeniable reason for you
No one is here to care, no one has to keep you scared
You're falling out for too late, you gave your right to wait
The agents listen in, this country's crazy
The agents listen in, still feel it and lazy
You let's aim for human rights, all our rights and freedom for God
The agents listen to me, argue, I'm dying on the hands
You can say that again
From 18 and 5.60 to 22.00 am happy Thursday today
Look at the way these things are going like Halava in Ethiopia
We got 59 left, we were down to 58 and another one was bogus, so we're back up to 59
certificates left for landlubbers
What do you make of this?
Chop lever? I don't know
What do you mean you don't know?
Now Chris is going to say, oh relax, you're not going to do a stew by today
By 2 o'clock these along will be gone, you only got 59 left, you're almost halfway home
Is that what you're going to say Chris?
Yes, I'll like that
You're full of crap
Okay, this is alarming, this is staggering
I mean we're talking 25 bucks a piece, 50 dollars certificates for 25 bucks
So it's not like we're selling stuff for like 500 bucks
These should be going like hotcakes
And they're not
I'm WQN.com and I notice again that that one banner doesn't work
And I thought you were going to talk to Cordis about getting that thing straight enough
But of course when Danny Boy is on there we sure can't compete with that
Hey they got their priority straight
Yeah I guess
We cannot compete with Danny Boy
Because Danny Boy is the beginning, the end, the world in South Florida revolves around Danny Boy talking about living in the past
5,6705,60,0.560 in the Verizon singular wireless lock
We're going to pull a stew gas today and that's going to really get you to get pressed
You think that by 2 o'clock all those 59 certificates are going to be sold?
Yes
What do you think George?
Yeah, I think they will
I think you're both
Like that
Maybe you guys are going to buy them
WQAM, hello
Yeah, I am so glad that somebody says something about Shannon Sharp because yesterday
Oh my God, I want to put this down, I want to put this monologue up next to OJ
No Jews
Yeah, I think there's a lot of similarity there
Only at least OJ can understand what you're saying
WQAM, hello
Hi Neil, how are you?
Okay, how are you?
I'm well
I once had gone to Shoe's house
I know I picked him the jaw now
Oh, it was wonderful
Oh, the jaw
Well, these jaw does kind of like protrude, you know, it gets out of the chuts
57 out, there's a couple more
I think we're going to have like 25 or 30 left by 2 o'clock
And then what do we tell Muff tomorrow, huh?
Come on Muff, you Muff did, baby
You're fairy
WQAM, hello
Neil, the reason they're not telling us because that's an open raider's bar
All the raider's bar
Yeah, I know about the raider nation things, you don't have to be a raider fan to eat the food
Oh, inside the place is all raider's, all decked out of raider's bar
That's the bar next door, restaurant doesn't have any raider stuff
Yeah, get where the George was there, George had a good meal, Aaron had a good free meal
Another free meal today from the night
By the way, something, who cares?
Who cares?
All of the doffin goofballs, the silly people, you know, oh we got a raw
But there's the doffin perfinity on the water, there's got to be all these autograph pictures of Danny Boy
And the shoes, the brains stem, you know, it's all in that crowd, you know
If those people don't want to go, that's fine with me, I don't care the doffin fans
I mean, what doffin fans?
Those were the balls of the shoulder faces
Yeah, 56 by the way
56, Q, 56, see, you're trying to get ahead of me there and you were like a half a second
Although my computer is probably a lot faster than yours
I know it is
In fact, so is probably the rail vac the first one at the moment of the battery
The unit vac?
Univac
WDQI and Rai, Ernie Kovacs, QI Am Hello
What happened, daddy?
WDQI Am Hello
Dunga
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Wooo
That was special, was it not?
Not
You don't think so?
It was a fake chamba
Oh yeah, that's...
I mean, not a good one, but a bad fake chamba, that's why I was...
I'm laughing on the inside
Crying on the outside
WDQI Am Hello
Yeah
What you gonna beat George or the bait ball that for R...
WDQI Am Hello
I'm the board
WDQI Am Hello
Hey, Mill, have you ever took a crap and forgot to wipe yourself good?
WDQI Am Hello
Hey, how you doing?
I hope they have less to do
Yeah
What's up?
You tell us?
I just want to say hello to Mill
Well, I don't know what to say
I don't know what to say to you, you're too dull
Nah, what's up?
God, what a place
55, baby, Q55
In fact, turn that dial around a little bit of canned hurt
Maybe you might be able to tune it in
And you would have all like Cuban interference and all that
BAM
Stuff in the background
So that's the HD thing you're telling me
I have no idea what you were talking about
Apparently, even though most people don't have HD
Our signal still goes to an HD processor
So the processor is...
51, and it's more of the thing also
Which is why we have a...
Besides the 32nd dump, we have a 10-second digital delay
What does that mean?
That means...
Everything that you say, people don't hear for another 40 seconds
Come on, why do we have the 10-second digital delay?
I don't know what that means
I don't know, it's something to do with it being digitized or something
I don't know
I've digitized my ass so nobody's got an HD radio
There are five people in the university that got those radios
And that's supposed to be our claim
In high definition, HD radio
Well nobody's got them, you know
We have three in-house, but uh...
We have four in the next city
Excuse me, well that's really exciting
Okay, we got 51 of these certificates
40 of the cellys, 51, 49
It's the last HD thing that I do
Okay, and it's just my...
49 My ass
I thought it was the radios not the 49ers
And that was some excuse, okay, for these cheap ass bastards out there
50 dollars certificates for 25 bucks to a place where the food is really good
It's not like it's in the NSville somewhere
It's right there on Gryffindrowding Cooper City
Where most of our audiences, by the way, are at least what used to be the audience
I think something happened there, and we don't even know about it
I don't think it was you, I don't think it was me
I don't think it was even Chris
Something happened, and we don't know about it
And I think Phantash Jolly Jolbells got his stomach in the middle of it
Yeah, wouldn't surprise me
I think that he and Joel Feinberg are plotting behind my back
Not that I'm paranoid, you understand
And then when I get that stuff about wacky Jackie there from a normal Kent
Oh, when is the, when are you going to stop with that already
Talk about the not so magnificent obsession
I don't know what's worse, him with this fantasy, baseball or his fantasy life
God
WDQAM, hello
Hey Neil, how you doing today?
Okay sir
Back in the 70s and the 80s, of course when you were living down here full time
Hmm
Who did you like better as far as the TV weather people?
Did you like Walter Cronife, Bill Ross or Bob Weaver?
I always like Bob Weaver, he was my favorite
He was also my favorite
Yeah
And as far as news anchors on Channel 4 Jim Brott, Merm, Wayne Ferris, on Channel 7 or Am Bishop, on Channel 10
John Hambrick
John, put it out here
We never did find out how old Tony Cigarette was
No, we never did
We never did
We never did find out how old Tony Cigarette was
Your age in badly Tony, I don't wish you any bad, I wish everybody good health, good luck
Good luck, good night, may the good and the luck be yours, but he used to take me to good news be yours
Ralph Redneck, remember Ralph Redneck, he's still dead
Hmm, wow
Let's tell the story again about how I was shopping one day in Windixie
The really bad Windixie over there on Robert Boulevard
Long time ago many, many years and there was Ralph Redneck with shopping in the store
I said, hi Ralph, how are you? All high Neil, how are you?
Good night, may the good news be here
He just kept tooling right down the aisle with his shopping cart
49 life, in other words we just passed halfway in 26 minutes, I don't know what Chris has all been on his shape before
No chance, no chance
No chance, no chance, no chance
Two clashes, little friends, love, I feel ecuity
Me and the March for it's four years later than none
And, and hold it
I must be my life loving you
If right, we're far, we're the good folks too
And when it's time to head south and rest
I wanna go where the living is to best
I'm dying on the head
I wanna hit as much life as some
I wanna live where even the old can have fun like my resting remains
On those golden rains I wanna die
I should live
If right on our side
I wanna spend my life loving you
If right, we're far, we're the good folks too
And when it's time to head south and rest
I wanna go where the living is to best
I wanna die
If right on our side
I wanna die
If right on our side
I wanna die
If right on our side
Oi
Oi
Well, we got 41 left maybe for landlabs, 41 of those $50 to be back for 25 bucks
All right, what?
What? They're moving?
They're moving, so are your balls I think
Well, earlier, yeah
What are you talking about? They're moving
When we go through this every week when there's 150 dollars certificates they don't go as fast as the $100 ones when they're only 50 ever
When they're 50, boy, they go like lightning
In fact, most of the time when there's only 50 by the time that the break ends at the top of the hour
And the first bit they're gone
They're totally gonna be the top of the hour
What? They're twice as valuable when they're $100 certificates so they go faster
So why don't they just buy twice as many that way and buy two of the 50s?
Because he can only use one per visit so
So he can go more than once
Nevertheless
I'm sure that's what they're thinking
There's 41 still to go, it's just a tremendous wound to my existence
Not to my egos that I have an ego
I work for the beastlies
I used to have an ego and a little tiny one
I still got that
41 left out of 100
I don't know, so it means we sold 59 so it's the glass half empty or is the glass half full?
As your ass half full
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
I'm just incurring from this because usually it's like, look at the split, yeah, and that's it we move on
Well, I got some bad news
The Florida Supreme Court today rejected a request that it rule on a case challenging the legal basis for slot machines and stuff
Florida sent me the lawsuit back to the trial court in Tallahassee
The high court said the case did not meet the basic criteria for a Supreme Court decision
In fact, I'll be returning the lawsuit to circuit judge Mickey and Clark Tallahassee
This is a big victory and a great day for the Constitution said John Pelser
And attorney for the anti-gambling groups that brought the legal challenge, hubb-endraired by the way
He said he believes the case will not proceed to a trial
Attorney Bruce Rogo representing Floridians for level playing field, a group spearheaded by gambling interests
Said the case might not require a full-fledged trial and might be ruled on by a trial court judge without a trial
He said in either case he said the ruling means we're going to prevail at the lower level just a little more time and expense
The suit filed three years ago charged that a petition to put the slot machine question on the statewide ballot
Included fraudulent signatures the constitutional amendment gave Vegas to our slot machines to the Howard Day counties
The voters later approved locally which in Howard Day did after the state voters approved the amendment with 51% in favor
Judge Clark ruled the claims of fraudulent signatures were cured by the vote
But a coalition of opponents Floridians against expanded gambling the US Humane Society in Greyhound 2K
A national group that opposes Greyhound racing continued to appeal all the way to the state Supreme Court
Oral arguments were heard last week, anal arguments will be heard next week
The court was asked to decide two issues can the signatures be challenged even after the lessons who revised have certified them
And after the ballot has been printed and absent he voting has begun and can amendment to suit the state constitution be invalidated post-election
If a portion of the signatures on the petition that authorized the vote turn out to be fraudulent
But it's ruling today the justice is said it was premature to rule on those questions before there's a full-hearing and lower court to determine the facts of the case
We've determined that it is preferable that the facts of the case be developed regarding the allegations and pervasiveness of the fraud before we articulate a rule law regarding election cure doctrine
And such circumstances the ruling said about a week that a book that about a lot of legal double talk in case you hadn't noticed
How are you doing on those 40 we got another one moved there we're moving them slowly
And it's one thing to move your balls but if you move them slowly and carefully sometimes it's a much rather than like being a little premature in your evaluation
And that's exactly the way I feel about the way this thing is going today
Crap
Good food good place good location and it's always called what good guy guys a good guy
Took a career George just for Georgia's sake these 40 should go by by the top of the hour 42 now we're back with that just lost two
Two fraudulent goofballs on there. How do you like that? Just when we think we're going to like sneaking the 30s
Once we get into the 20s and then I'll feel like you know maybe we've got a shot because it's already 23 to 1
Maybe we'll have to stand about four or five to get them all sold what do you think maybe we don't want to get stoop gots today
I'll think of that that would be a real that would be the ultimate blow to my existence is to be stoop gots
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line wq a and hello
A little take report now that I'm calling for but I east
Down on 17 street car way. Yeah go over the bridge there about some people as soon as you go down the bridge
There's a nice very nice. I also you know color week. I heard something that I haven't heard anything else on the radio
I was listening to a station up coming from Palmby says I'm not if it was but I was listening to that that wanted to get something to eat at the store
I came back out I put the station on and I hear the word M ever it was the how it turns is satellite bleeding on to regular airways
There was no complaint right here anything about it. Have you heard anything about that in the industry about a bleeding over?
Yeah, I'm not bleeding over serious was bleeding out of the regular airways. Yeah, it was on it was bleeding on to one of 3.1 bus
Do what it was I was good to Anthony. No view that nothing else on so I go in my to get some news the single shop I come out
No Sunday here house tonight. So I think we just playing a film because they do that from time. But then I heard this MF
This one reds them all the stuff up person and then all of a sudden it sounded like my channel changed by themselves like they were trying to recapture the signal of Anthony opening
Open Anthony and that was it and I never heard anything I was it very nice very nice
Well, I hope that somebody tasted amlicens away. Yeah, it's unbelievable. But anyway, you know, I was just curious. Have a good day everybody.
Good luck your pal. Okay. What what do you say?
An effort. Well, we're stuck back on 42. No, he didn't say MF. He said stir and said now we're back to 40 again. We got those two back and then we'll go to 42 and then back to 40 and up and down and back and forth and in and out and up and down and bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
I am pushing him. Push it. EEEEES! I don't want to push too hard. I don't want to like soil this chair. I want to buy a new one. I don't want to get new chair. This chair has been here the whole time. Bob removed, picked it out himself and that special and I had to put it together. He came in a big box. I wish we get into the 30. Somebody please buy one more to make me feel like we're going to get really all of these. I mean, sell them all by two o'clock. It's on eo right. It's on wqm.com. See, I can't even figure out where it is.
And Chris there, Mr. Hatchai for all his big talk. He was going to talk to a courtist and get this all straight up. Right. He'll have a job you did by the way. Again, you can develop that problem. I tried going back to the homepage, clicking on the link. No problem.
The banner on the right side. First, the Dan Reno show is in big. 38 picture here on the left side. It's the size of an elephant. And then there's a bunch of other little beat the broadcasters and fantasy football preview.
And the banners keep getting smaller and so they're like bumper stickers. And the one with my picture on open now. It's about the size of your thumbnail.
You know, should be big and prominent on there. Duff ought to go in there and give a courtist a little kick in the ass or a little something.
And I'm sure you'd like to. 38. You're right. George had his thumb right right there in the middle of it. 38. It's a project, man. It's a real exhausting project.
Man, my case keys are still on the counter. Hold it up.
Hold it up.
40.
40.
60.
QAM.
Thanks.
Fourth.
Leader.
But.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Now the post depends on you.
And the powers you pose as.
Since you say it's like with your flight season 9. He's got a job for you to do.
Oh.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your do.
With the big B under chest and bullpriced nitrous.
We'll finally go to our own grave.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Since the bad guy's straight to hell.
When a building starts too low.
We go to the east and we go.
You're refreshing from it.
What's my info?
Uh-huh.
Oh.
It's scary.
Call 46.
38 is what I see on there.
And I'm going to take a break for about a quarter hour.
You know, you keep your eyes peeled on it.
Well, I don't want to look at it because it's depressing.
And you guys are both trying to tell me,
Oh, you didn't understand there's a hundred on there.
It's going to take the hour.
Okay.
Isn't that what you just said before?
Yes.
And see, first of all, twice as many will take twice as long.
And something that's half the value, if you will, will take twice as long.
Well, let me refer to it again.
Now it's 37.
You see that?
Uh-huh.
I look at it again a little while.
You keep looking at it.
Plus, when there's 50 people think I need to rush.
Right.
Let's try and get it.
There's only 30 people.
I think it's like, okay, I'm going to say, if you move quickly,
you might be able to get one for 25 bucks.
1216 votes on the pool.
That's a good number there.
All you do is read numbers, numbers on the pool, numbers on the uh,
kneel deals, numbers on the uh, uh-huh.
I-I-I-I we'd like to get a good number.
I think I'm going to go out and find me one right now.
Here's George.
Hey, how are you doing?
I want you to need a few care about leest as our pool question.
Paras halt in 290.
Britney Spears 255, OJ 184, Lindsey Lohan 173.
The genus Gina 6, excuse me, 111, Gina.
Sports 105, GM Strike 35, Global Warming 34, Politics 25, and the economy only four.
Still loads four.
How could anybody not care about the economy?
Of course they're talking about their own pocketbook, their own wallet, their own economy.
George is worried about it because he knows he ain't going to see no bonus meat in any
time ever again.
Probably not.
Not in this play.
Not in the station, no.
Not in this station.
Well, what does that mean?
Not in this station.
What do you mean what does it mean?
You know, this station where we are working?
Yeah, at the moment.
Yeah.
And I don't care what Chris is.
They're clicking that thing on the left here.
It doesn't work.
It's just a thing.
I don't have any problems.
Exactly.
If you're in the building, it works fine.
Maybe if you're in America, it works fine.
No, I don't think so.
And if you go over there way on the right hand, us, one, two, three, four little bumpers
that you just took is under Dan Marino's post.
There's my post with that Neil Deale thing.
I just mentioned that in passing.
That's 37 still.
I shouldn't have gone under again.
Should I?
No.
It's bad.
Here's your cell.
We're going to sell those 37 in the next hour, 12 minutes.
Yes.
Now this is going to be the most difficult assignment of my life.
31 and a half years I've been doing this crap in this town.
And here is an assignment.
I don't think even I can do it.
You can.
See, you don't understand as it becomes more and more difficult as the slowing down
occurs.
And I think the guy that called about the Raider situation, I think maybe he's got a point.
No.
You're both from like that.
I'm from Sania.
I am Sania.
I'm from Sania right now.
George, do you want to explain it one more time that it's two different areas?
Yes, it's different areas.
The rest of it is a different area.
The rest of it is a different area.
You don't have to do it in your middle.
You're a card carrying Raider's only fan.
I mean, especially with that game coming up this week between the two teams, it's a bad,
bad impediment.
But if the restaurant don't have no Raider crap, Raider's droppings.
As if.
Hey, well, I'm just saying you don't understand the sports mentality.
I do.
I do understand the sports mentality.
I do.
I understand it very well.
You do.
You laugh at it constantly.
Sure.
Yeah.
But not everybody in this town has a dolphin's fan, especially right now.
There's front running police now.
They're stuck in their own tree.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's enough of a reason.
The Raiders are pretty weak too.
I think it's like the toilet ball.
I thought that about the genskin.
People with the dolphin tattoos are getting them laser-dolphะcy.
Are they really?
Are they getting laser surgery?
Is it your own tattooed?
5670560, 0560 in the Verizon singular wireless line WBQAM.
Hello?
WBQAM.
Hello?
Hello.
Yes.
Is this Neil?
Yes.
Yes, Neil.
Get out of QAM.
It's gonna sink into the idea of this.
It's no way to end a legendary career.
Yeah, you're killing me.
Yeah, you're right.
Get out of the QA.
I'm going to the bathtub right now.
I'm going to do the show from the bathtub.
Anybody want to listen?
How are the acoustics in there?
Probably pretty good.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I don't know if anyone mentioned this to you,
but yesterday on your last 10 minutes on the air,
you went all darkened and everything.
I thought something was wrong with my radio.
Three or four?
Yeah.
Maybe there's a couple of reports on it.
It's the HD and the booth is by the Beepis,
and this place is all screwed up.
It's fine because at that time,
you were talking about Joe Bell and Norma Tantz,
I figured they're doing it some kind of computer.
Yeah, I'm really sabotaged, yeah.
Exactly.
I'll talk about them again.
Okay, thanks.
Yeah, we got the signal problems.
We got a service.
You know what?
I'll take the money.
Okay.
Everybody want out there wants to get me all whipped up
into a frenzy and screaming and yelling,
and you know, have a fart attack and whatever.
It's not going to happen.
Like I said, I'm here.
Wasn't I here at 8.25 this morning?
Sure.
Just like every day.
Regular.
Well, I am regular.
That's another state regular.
34 we got left on that deal for our land lovers.
They're $50 certificates.
You can get them half price only 25 bucks.
They've got the best wings in South Broward,
according to their spiel.
Griffin Road and Cooper City.
Easy and great location.
George's in the foodest and safe.
Even a little bit.
Right, great.
Even if you are a crappy golf fan.
I mean, they got.
Seen.
Yeah, all kinds.
We had 34 left and we got an hour, nine minutes to do it.
But I'll tell you, the odds are insurmountable, I think.
You guys are really living in La La Land.
I'm surprised.
Chris, I can understand because he don't know his numbers at all.
But George, I mean, you did this one and one through twice
like in the summertime.
Yeah.
And you moved them all.
Sure.
And these will all go by the end of the show.
Don't you know?
Hold on.
Hold on.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N, hello.
Because the hour, nine minutes to do it,
five minutes to do it.
Q-A-N.
Leo?
Yes?
Go on.
Yes.
4.
Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, the idea that it's for this weekend's game of thought,
though, it's probably get my lefties certificate to the mail today
for this weekend.
I purchased them last week.
And the Champ of the US Women's World Cup thing.
Yeah, it is.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Q-A-N, hello.
A lot of raspberries, by the way.
Okay.
I sure hope Joyce don't listen to her for those or just raspberries.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Oh, in America.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Hey, Leo.
Yes, sir.
I just want to say thanks for the certificates.
They're pretty cold.
Yeah, they are.
Yeah, I can't get them, but my mom chooses to buy them every week.
Tell her, get on there right now, because we got to move these stuff.
You got to go off already, bro.
She's what?
Do you already bought two today?
Well, thanks a lot, mom.
You got it.
Thank you.
Okay, see you.
We'll thank God for mom, or we'd be like, you know, 36.
34 more YouTube Bozos keep telling me, oh, don't worry, Neil.
They're all going to go.
They're going to go.
Yeah, right.
Well, we get 66 and less than an hour.
Correct.
It's good food.
They're going to go to the little cell, don't worry.
It's excellent food.
I'm very good.
Ribs.
Right.
Anybody wants to go?
A reasonable 50 bucks goes farther.
What?
50 bucks goes farther.
It's not, you know, a pricey place.
It's kind of as you can go too regularly.
33.
Let's just live out there, I would.
Which we find out Baby Breed does go there, right?
That's right.
Who goes there?
I don't have a baby Breed.
I have a baby Breed.
I have a baby Breed.
She's already got 36.
She's already got 36.
Baby Breed.
Baby Breed.
Who the hell is Baby Breed?
Are we just holding?
What if you get a little baby?
She's the naked DJ on Power 96.
Oh, that's naked.
1226 votes on our pool.
That's good.
Everything is copacetic there.
We have to cause back today the same usual.
And actually one or two might have had something to say a little bit.
I mean, they never did, but they might have had.
One, just, I mean, and then all that stuff about the signal yesterday.
It's like all this stuff, all at once.
You know, like you're overwhelmed by crap.
You know what?
What have I told you before for many, many years?
I'm a survivor.
Okay, and I'll be here tomorrow.
I'll be here on Monday.
I'll be here 14 weeks from Circus.
Are we still in the Circus or what?
Let's check it out during the break.
Happy Circus.
The best out of you.
You know what I used to be?
I'm 40, you'll find 60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Out of to two hours.
I'm a survivor.
And here's to you, Mr. Garfunkel.
You've been around some part in your little.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
God bless you, please.
Mr. Garfunkel, there's a hefty fine at you.
We'll play.
No, 100 five.
Hey, hey, hey.
We'll play.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Now you have a criminal record in our police files.
And we have you, and they help yourself.
Look around you all.
You see our dilated eyes.
If you're getting stunned to it in your own home.
And here's to you, Mr. Garfunkel.
Smoking gun just even though you're home.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
God bless you, please.
Mr. Garfunkel, puss on and hope sure last locked away.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
On a clock at 5.60 WQM, Mad Dog will be along it too.
Briefly hour and a half.
And then we get the Marlins and the Cubs from the stadium of the street.
Hurricane Highline at 7.30.
Wow.
And then again, that would indicate at 9.00 a.m.
Still got 32 to pedal there in this one hour.
And you guys to tell me we're going to do it.
I think you're both dreaming.
Well, it's, you know, for a lower-fellar can dream, can't they?
Well, I think, you know, I hope that you're right.
I'm wrong, but I don't see any movement on here.
You know, I don't see a movement.
I don't see a movement.
32 left.
These are $50.
He gets for 25 bucks to landlevers in a different room in Cooper City.
What?
On a movement.
32.
We're just stuck out 32, like O.J. Simpson's number.
Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of other 32s.
Frank Gifford was 32.
I bet you Chris didn't know that.
No, it didn't.
Well, good.
A stuck and kept get off.
That's right.
We're stuck, can't get off the 32.
We get into the 20s and maybe we'd have a shot.
And of course, whatever we got left, we could always pedal them tomorrow.
But I want to make a big melodramatic thing out of it.
Being the old drama queen that I am.
Actually, I think where we made the big mistake is we should be making a big cynus.
We should be doing alien part two of this story.
In fact, here's the update on it from the hero.
The judge presiding over that contentious international dispute over the fate of five-year-old
Cuban girl ruled that day this morning, that state child welfare lawyers failed to prove
that the girl's father is an unfit parent.
In the 47-page ruling, where it allowed in a crowded downtown Miami courtroom, Vade Circa
Judge Jerry B. Cohen said lawyers for the State Department of Children and Families failed
in proving their case against Rafael Iskier, a Cuban farmer who wants to return to the
Ireland with a girl.
The judge ruled that the state child welfare workers failed to prove the father had abandoned
his daughter under Florida law, but Cohen's ruling doesn't immediately resolve the fate
of the girl at the center of the dispute.
A second chapter of the legal fight to determine whether the girl should stay in the
Cologne-Evel's home of John Maria Kubas, where she's been living for the past nine
ten months, is expected to begin next month.
Ira Kursban, an attorney for Iskier, to ask the judge that, given her ruling, she placed
the child with his client immediately if not sooner.
We're asking you, imploring you begging you today to transfer the child back to her father,
Kursban, said at dressing Cologne.
The judge said she is recommending the issue with the child's immediate placement go to
mediation.
I'm not going to return the child to Mr. Iskier today.
She said she wants to refer the evidence regarding the potential harm to the girl should
she be separated from her foster family and brother.
How come we're not having a big sentence about this like alien?
Can I?
Different?
Yeah.
I don't know.
We're still stuck on 32, by the way, and these two bozos keep saying, oh, you'll sell
them all out.
Now we're 30.
Now we got about 30 minutes.
Yeah, while I was speaking, right in mid-sentence, there were a couple of them went like, yeah, they
gobbled them up.
And my response to that is gobble this gobble-de-gook.
No, I've never had one.
It's this tough.
And it's got to be neat.
We're certainly not blaming the good people at land lovers.
Because then if we do that, then they won't take good care of you anymore.
And George needs the free food.
Even if Chris, that was without saying.
Well, we got a nice even 30 on there now, 30 to go, and we got 57 minutes to do it.
Now if they were moving like the numbers on the pole move, then there wouldn't be any
problem, right?
Right.
That means we need to sell one like about every two minutes.
And I keep clicking that refresh thing, that little arrow, and I keep clicking it, and
there's something there, man.
I'm telling you.
I mean, like last week, we were a little bit on the slower side.
We had 100, but we got them all sold out by 20 past one.
20 past one.
Remember that?
Right.
So even if we do have maybe only, you know, two, three hundred people listening out
there, and even if we do have the signal might up getting like that again, like yesterday.
Now who told us about that yesterday?
Oh, that's right.
We were trying to figure out how Tony's, I will Tony's, he's a Greta was, and instead
of that, they were calling in Chris, telling Chris, and yeah, guess what?
We can't understand the thing Neil was saying.
The signal is all garbled and the station is all messed up, and, uh, but it'd be put
a loop at a bomb, you know.
This is the jolly joe bell era, man.
It's almost as good as the, uh, Marian, uh, whatever his name is, uh, Cameron era with
the dolphins.
Here's the facts from Sam, who says in response to the caller who picked up Sirius on his
radio, it's because the car with Sirius was close to him and he heard it on his radio.
The satellite radio signal is sent from its receiver to the car's radio at a specified
frequency.
There have been many complaints about the crossover, specifically in the morning when the
Stern show is going on and kids are in the car heading to school.
Absolutely love the show, it says Sam.
Well, thank God for you Sam.
Somebody loves the show.
I'm assuming means this one.
I don't know, maybe means Stern.
I don't know.
I'm sure Sam means this one.
He absolutely loves the show.
Absolutely.
And then make you feel a little bit better.
A little bit.
Makes me feel sick to my stomach because Sam loves the show, but nobody else does, because
we still got 29.
I mean, it requires that much energy.
We're going to get stuped guts and then I'm going to like have to sit down, make it on
my patio, right on top of all that pigeon droppings.
I think that might be a little unsanitary, don't you?
Yeah, a little bit.
28.
Uh oh.
28.
We're starting to see some movement, baby.
Can you hear it?
Can you smell it?
When there's a little movement, God only knows what's going to happen.
28 is too many an hour.
It's just not going to happen.
You keep saying that if you have a more positive attitude, Neil, say, hey, we're going
to do this by hooker by hook, if we have to spend the whole day, a whole day, a whole
day, a hour of pushing and screaming and yelling and carrying on 31 and a half years.
And this is what I've got left.
Nice going fat ass, jolly, joe, bell, you jackass.
And normal, of course, he's more worried because he's got a big story there that's got
his name in it.
Jesus, God almighty, pop had jenko.
And this is what I got.
No, I'm a cat.
Oh, go ahead, Neil.
Play the fart sounds, Neil.
Play whatever you want.
Go ahead.
I'm going to send a letter.
The one thing that's been consistent about him is that everywhere I've worked, well, it's
only been the two stations I would be in here, but they, they laugh at him.
They laugh at him.
They listen to his keys, sends these letters, and he threatens, he's going to do this.
And I, oh, there's that norm again.
I want to paint in the ass.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, jenko, this is what I, this wheel?
Yeah, sir.
Yeah, can I talk to Neil?
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
How many of those landlots of things you got left, man?
28.
Not bad.
I hope you will move a little bit over.
I was there.
He's a little smart this week.
Ready for the toilet bowl.
Jet dog.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
Hey, I have a question for you.
You actually know people or are communicating with people that talk with that kid, frozen,
steam, bird, quail, whatever.
No, he claims that you have the same circle of friends and that you tell them that his
show is the only one we're listening to.
First of all, I've never heard his show.
I mean, his show isn't heard in Toronto anymore than mine is.
Hey, hey, hey.
I never heard his show.
I don't want to hear his show.
I don't know anybody that he knows and all he is is a big blowhard.
I know.
And I know he's fit there.
Why I'm out of his, you know, wide place.
Hey, that's what he claims.
And I'm going to think, you know, I try to listen to the big O, but big O's show nowadays is
a grand with as many spots as Joe's Joe's.
That's where he had to come and get the spots in.
It's the hand writings on the wall.
No.
The gal in line is then the hand writing was on the wall.
Well, you know, sin is obsessed, obviously, with me and with the show.
And that's fine.
Keep talking about me.
I need all the promotion I can get.
Because we sure don't get any from this company.
I'll tell you that we're still stuck at 28.
And I think I'm just going to give up.
Don't do it.
Don't do what?
Give up.
28.
Yeah.
We're not moving, baby.
They're not moving.
Usually by now we might have three or four or five or six.
And then, you know, we have to like, uh, 28.
They'll go.
I'm WQM.com.
They are not going to go.
You're crazy.
You're off your rocker, man.
Well, that's true too, but still.
They're going to go.
Okay.
Um, we'll see.
From your mouth to a God's ass.
I mean, you know, whatever.
WQA and hello.
I only buy two glasses mail deals.
Yeah.
You're the one, huh?
You're the one that's the, the two guys want to be.
So sad.
Joel's probably sitting over there.
And of course, we know Joel is listening right now.
Joel Feinberg.
Nice picture there on the cover of Los Angeles Lifestyle.
Don't too bad.
Nobody reads that crap.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, for the 23rd time yesterday, I watched that movie,
Gling Gary Gling Ross.
Yeah.
And was you saying that Jack Limon is the best actor of all time?
No.
He's great though, but I wouldn't say that.
Get the shot!
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Yeah, the drop.
The drop of you, Ferriest.
The best drop, yeah.
It is.
But no, you were better than Jack Limon in your opinion.
Is there, why are you just asked me?
Do I think he's the best actor of all time?
And I said no.
I think Marlon Brando was a better actor.
William Holden was a better actor.
Al Pacino.
Who?
Al Pacino.
Al Pacino.
That's a better actor most of the time.
But it's perfect to know that he's better.
Al Pacino is better.
Unless, of course, unless he's saying that.
26 now.
We got a couple more sold.
I mean, this is, you know what this is like?
This is like, I said yesterday, like a dog,
getting on its hind legs and begging.
You got something right?
We got something good for the audience out there.
A real good deal.
$50 to take, maybe, pay only 25 bucks.
The food is excellent.
It's not expensive.
Like George said, the $50 certificate will go a long way.
Get you a lot of chow.
And we're like pushing and screaming and pleading and begging.
It's a, it's a, it's demeaning and degrading.
It's almost like working for the beastlies for the banjo boys.
We are down to 26.
If we can get like, in the teens and single digits by about like,
130, then you'll see some action, okay?
Then they're going to start getting all panicky.
Oh gee, there's only a couple left.
I better get them now and make the old bastard happy, you know, like that.
Like, like they're doing me a favor.
It's like if you give somebody 500 bucks and, you know, there's a bunch of small bills.
Oh, I haven't got any 50s.
You know what I mean?
WDQA N, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I think there's something back there.
Girl, back to Cuba.
Do you know what I was saying?
You heard about that?
WDQA N, hello.
Hello.
Oh.
WDQA N, hello.
Yes, I called you to see it.
You didn't give me the necessary air time that I was in there.
Yeah, I give you the necessary air time.
How you like that?
Raspberry, by the way, Joyce, sorry.
Raspberry.
20 marks for three activity.
What?
25.
25.
There's another one.
I'll be damned.
25.
24.
24.
24.
Let's sell some more.
I'll stand at the door.
I'll hand them to you.
24.
Well, it's going to be a real battle.
We got 49 minutes though.
You know, you never know.
You might shock the hell out of me.
I doubt it though.
Confidence on my part is still extraordinarily low.
Really low.
Out is low is Westbrook fanboy's voice.
Really low.
WDQA N, hello.
Hello, Neil.
You have any Neil deals for Wolfies?
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here is Neil Rogers.
Forty-two-five sixty QAM.
The next fourth later.
Florida sucks.
Hello, this is Albert Kaita from Tally Van Record,
inviting you American infidel to buy latest Cat Stevens collection.
You know my homies, right?
Let's take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make those insidels fake.
I was so including this classic.
I was on the airplane.
And suddenly with details.
Their map is I convert it.
And where it's out on my head.
Hello, Neil.
I'm being followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
The money from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
Another variation on a classic.
I'm going to kill you, brother.
So buy new Cat Stevens collection today for 1995.
Or you can pay with free some Mastercard or weapons of master.
117 and 560 WQA.
And we've still got 23 on there.
We started to make a little bit of a move.
And then we got stuck at 23.
And you guys still think that those 20-year are going to be gone by 2 o'clock?
Yes.
I think we're going to get stu-gots.
Oh no.
Not WQAM.com.
And if you click on the left side there where my ugly picture is with all those little achachis next to it.
Then go on the right side and a little couple of banners under Danny Marino there about 4 little things down about the size of a postage stamp.
There it is.
Click on that baby and there you're a landlower's certificates.
23 to go, we can do it.
Says George, says Chris.
I don't think you're going any chance.
I think you're both nuts.
Very slow.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's us.
Should we take the blame for it or should we say that's that Raiders thing?
You know, the Raiders factor?
No.
I think it's just a lame excuse for one of those bad things.
You don't want to come through for the old man.
That's right.
Come through for the old man.
Do it.
Show we can do it.
We don't want to be like embarrassed like stu-gots, like a little a board op.
Who's got a rich daddy and who evidently is Kissinger, a fineberg's ass big time.
He's the general manager over there.
Who's on the radio?
Whoever heard of the general manager of a radio station in a major market being on the radio.
Ever heard of that?
Nope.
We'd done a bastard no less.
But hey, they're kicking ass except for last month when they fell off the face of the earth.
They're playing the famous.
They had the big bogus July.
22.
22 what?
Certificates.
Yeah, I know.
I've seen it.
I'm looking at it.
And at that rate, one about every five minutes, I don't think we're going to sell 22 by two o'clock.
You do see we have to start to see in some chunks.
Come off of that total.
We ought to start seeing some chunks, but I'm not seeing that.
We'll see.
We'll see if you guys are right.
I think you're both full of crap.
W-Q-I-N.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes?
I'm a low-time customer, land lovers, and I'm a member of Raider Nation.
And I think you know who this is.
Raiders, baby.
Raiders.
Land lovers.
They know me.
Ask anybody.
I am the man, the Raiders.
I think you know who this is.
Yeah, real schmuck.
God, what the hell was that?
The guy with the eyes.
It was?
Yep.
That was the guy with the eyes.
He's not usually so animated.
Apparently no.
He's number.
He usually sounds like a dead man on oxygen.
And not very much oxygen.
Well, we got 22 left.
Let's refresh it.
I bet you'd sound about 15.
No, it still says 22 online.
In fact, you know what?
What?
Oh, I don't know what it's doing.
Doing bizarre things.
Still says 22.
W-Q-I-N.
Thank you for coming.
You may number out.
I didn't know that David Pancety played for the Raiders.
W-Q-I-N.
Hello.
How are you, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I'm all the way to America.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Okay, no problem.
Go to the one next to the Spanish steps.
Okay, that's the good one.
That's where what's his name?
Matt Damon was meeting everybody.
Denali's by the Spanish steps.
W-Q-I-N. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I ate it with sir.
Okay.
Love your show.
What do you think about President Numbnaz trying to pass the bill through Congress?
That pardoned him from starting of his presidency to now.
To pardon him from the Geneva Convention, I've seen stuff.
That pardoned him from the Geneva Convention.
Excellent call.
15.
15.
Q-I-N.
Neil.
Yes.
Why are you trying to run just in Jack's Q-I-N like you did in the mouth?
Jason Jackson, run him off Q-I-N right.
What are you talking about?
You bozo you.
I just said I didn't know who the hell he was and right away I'm trying to run him off the air.
Yeah, I want to get him off the air.
Okay, he's too dark for me.
You idiot.
Like I did in Moa.
I ran Moa off to Ram.
Moa runs himself off everywhere he's ever been.
He runs himself off.
With the jets.
With the westward one.
Everywhere he's ever gone.
With Q-I-N.
He runs himself off.
I wonder if he's still on that 850 on that Steve Lafist station.
15 left.
Now we can do that.
Won't be easy.
But if we can...
Didn't we just have a chunk of about 6 or 7 there go?
Correct.
They're doing it for the old man.
Come through.
Don't let us get stooots here today.
That would be the worst...
They would have to put that on my tombstone.
The worst moment of my life.
The most grotesque glaring embarrassment would be to be stoootsed.
WQAM.com.
You can do it.
There's only 15 left.
There's my good friend Susan Candyotti.
Miling and appeal.
And also there is another hearing next month to decide whether removing the child from the house.
She's still on the scene going anywhere yet.
We've got to get a little drama buildup over it.
And the old drama queen, he'll work on it.
I still keep clicking this thing and it says 15.
I guess if I like Christi, he has better luck.
You click it in a whole big chunk when we're there.
Look at that.
Well, that's you've got the touch.
Touch it.
Oh, he already was touching it.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, now let's go down, buddy.
Yes, sir.
How's it going in Toronto, alright?
Excellent. Very good.
Hey, that's good.
Hey, here you go.
I got a new car.
Yeah, I got a new car.
How's it running for you?
I got the solstice.
I love it.
It's the first time I ever had it.
Well, I mean, yeah, first, well, the second convertible I ever had, I'm not that crazy about that part of it.
But it's okay.
I like it.
Well, it's great, man.
Let's see, you got a car finally up there.
Yeah, you know something.
I thought I was so smart because I got a good location here and all this other stuff.
And six years I didn't have a car.
But all the money I was spending on cabs, it was just, you have to be a crazy person.
In addition to which, there's no big deal about driving here.
I mean, it's a big city.
But if you can drive anywhere, you can drive, you know.
Yeah, you can.
You're a big boy.
I'm a big boy.
I'm a big old boy.
I'm a very good driver.
I'm a very good driver.
And right at this moment, I feel just like him too.
This is doing some strange things when I refer you.
All the other sites, when I click him, the little blue thing goes across the bottom.
You know, whatever you'd call that.
What is that thing?
The loading bar.
Progress bar.
Is that it's the loading bar?
Progress bar.
Yeah.
Progress bar?
Well, which is it, boys?
Is it the load bar?
You would have worked really well.
Or the progress bar.
So, whichever one you prefer, I would you don't give a crap away either one of them.
I don't think we're making too much progress.
Well, let me just go back.
Uh-oh.
I've got a little problem here on my computer.
Oh, there it is.
It froze up for a second and it was.
I think it's because of Chris.
Always.
Let's see.
WDQN.com.
Is that where I'm going?
Okay.
That's a good start.
Okay, let me click on that baby and see how we're doing here.
Let me click on that thing on the left there because Chris says, oh no, that thing works.
It does not.
So, I'll go over to the right.
One, two, three, four, little uh- little symbols under Danny Moreno's picture.
You can't miss Danny Boy.
And it says we still got 15.
35 minutes and 15 certificates left on WDQN.com.
This is one of the tensest periods of time in history.
Of the human race.
Not just the best show.
That's correct.
And once that's six, once we unloaded six all at once, I said, oh my God, something's going to happen here.
And you know what?
What?
It didn't.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Okay, I want to just commend you for putting your money where your mouth is and not being a hypocrite.
You went out and bought an American car.
Yeah.
And that's more than I could say for these idiots that put bush stickers and God bless America.
And then they drive around in a freaking uh- uh- whatever.
Japanese made car.
Korean, Japanese, German.
I was in the auto business for 40 years.
I got two Corvettes and a Pontiacs.
They're all made in the USA.
Huge Pontiacs, man.
And don't buy into this crap where people say, well, parts of it doesn't matter.
The money comes back home.
Doesn't go to Japan or China.
I just want to say people can't accuse you of being a hypocrite or a pansy because you got your-
You got the right mindset.
Okay, thanks.
I'm a pansy, but that's okay.
We still got those 15.
I'm going to say I'm going to skip all the commercials.
I'm going to do everything in my power to sell those 15.
Is there anything in the world more important than that?
Not at the moment, no.
Like I said, I'm skipping all the commercials.
Not at the biggest name.
The best talent.
It's now Rajas.
We're going to make it 5.60 km.
We need the fourth leader.
And say cheese.
We went back up to 20 and then we went to 19 and now we got 17.
We're up and down. We're in and out.
Ain't going to happen, boys and girls.
We're going to get stupas today.
It's the most embarrassing, the most degrading thing in life.
All stuff living out of control.
Fight for free holes who have no head, your nation.
Trainers get every pass to run.
Like Carl Roll, who leaked out information.
I'm playing world-eaters, this man is some guy.
You follow them into hell.
Oh, yeah, ain't even nice.
You remember there I'm not my patrol.
You're head and lies.
If you let them hold in, in their home, then you're so.
Well, the mic's about a war that ain't no war.
It's an off-putation.
Running babies and out for Christ.
For the people of life, they let the dance race station to fight.
You don't think I'd have got women out of life.
Who's Christian soldiers from hell?
Oh, yeah, paid in lies.
That's the hot-legged way of life.
We're paid in lies.
You let them keep running.
They keep running through lies.
We're paid in lies.
They got you the one thing they've had.
You're head and lies.
You remember there I don't think I'll show them.
Oh, boy, I love the grassroots.
I know I've told you that a million times.
I do like the grassroots a lot.
Underrated group, nobody listened to us.
Has any idea who they were.
Well, maybe a couple.
You know, chicken neck.
Well, we got 14.
Yep.
Well, you don't sound as enthusiastic and calm.
Oh, right.
Go waiters.
Well, when we went from 15 back up to 20, that wasn't good.
No, I saw that happen during the break and I kind of threw up in my mouth a little bit.
14?
Were you making sounds with the amount I had?
We got 14 now.
I just said that.
Oh, I thought you said 15.
No, I said 14, Mr. Hodgeot.
Mr. Soap's super confident.
Oh, we'll do that.
The virtual man.
We're not.
You're gonna.
We ain't.
You're gonna do it.
Ain't gonna happen.
We're gonna get stucas.
A bit your dollar.
We got 20, eight minutes.
And we need 14, I mean, you should be able to do that in like two minutes.
Yep.
Back in the day when we had this humongous gigantic audience, when we had where on a station with a signal that people could actually hear it.
In fact, even once upon a time on this station, we could have done it.
No problem at all.
We could have do it.
Mm-hmm.
Not gonna happen now because I keep clicking that thing and clicking that thing where it's like they're doing us a favor.
That's what bothers me.
Aren't we doing nema favors now at all those five days?
Yeah.
Our way of saying thank you for your loyalty and putting up with our crap and our stupid and stupid idiotic garbage and these moronic idiotic collars.
Right.
For all these years, 31 and a half years, our way of saying thanks to you.
Here you go.
Here's 50 bucks for 25.
It's like buying money.
That's right.
And I'm clicking that thing and clicking my big and flicking it and sticking it.
And it still says 14.
See if I saw all of a sudden like nine, then I'd say, oh, we got a shot.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
If I clicked that thing and it went to the eye, yeah.
He ought to be shot.
Oh, back up to 15 now.
We just lost one.
We'll move it in the wrong direction.
Yeah, don't give me aah, geez.
We're gonna get to two guys and then we'll have to throw us over to tomorrow again.
And Duffel, come on in the morning and say, geez, Neil, what happened yesterday?
That never happened before.
13.
13, I asked.
We got 13.
Yeah.
And we couldn't make this pretty interesting.
Not to show.
I mean, nobody wants to hear me, you know, reading about this.
No, no, no, no.
That's right.
No matter is number of your mailing it in.
You're mailing it in.
It's the poll.
How is the poll, by the way, while you're looking at that.
You look at that and, uh, oh, 1292, we're gonna have 13N reports.
Chris is ecstatic.
Oh, so, I feel like it's my lucky day.
I'm gonna get it. I already got my shoes on. I'm going to wood by I'm gonna happen my Pontiac and high tail it off to
Wood by a lot of people thousand
Would that be nice? We're still stuck on 13. I want to see some action here
We got 25 minutes for this audience to come through for the old man like I said and pretend you're doing me a favor
You're not you're doing yourself a favor but pretend like you're doing it for me
So I don't have to get stuccoz to walk out of here with my with my head down to my knees, you know
When you get to be my age you don't want your head down to your knees although like Ron Jeremy
He could have his head down to his knees because he's double-jointed
He is just beyond disgusting
And he's and he's not just important anymore either. He's like like a star now. He's on all these reality show
He's like a legend. He's legend
For being fat. I mean nice work, you know, I got to say
If you're short and ugly and hairy and you can still make a living and
Huge just fat as a book like a gigantic apartment complex. Don't get a complex about it though, Ronnie
Yeah, we just got 13. We're not gonna do it. We still got to do that 13 one
It says we're gonna do it. He says this audience is gonna come through for us. They're going on WQM.com
They're gonna grab up those land lovers
I'm gonna avoid avoid getting a few dots
We fresh it click that baby 13. It's just stuck right there of course next time I click it will probably go back up like to 20, you know
Yeah, Ben over and ill stick our feet deep inside, you know
That's what they're thinking and maybe they're not even thinking feet who knows with this crowd
You know that if you promise to a hand deliver these last 13 or so
Squad, okay, I'm not delivering squad
We sent them out to get them in the mail. It's a there's no effort required in their part just a hop on WQM.com and get those they're not gonna do it
We're stuck we're stuck go with 13
There is no action. There is no movement. There is no flicker. There's not anything happening with the South Florida crowd the living dead
Well, you know, we can't we don't have 25 dollars
You should live so long you have there's more money in that place. Although I tell you one thing is a lot more money here than there is there
You know that yeah, there is very very very
Mucho de Nero in this place trust me when I tell you it trust me. I trust you. Well next time to come up here
You'll see 13 still not not 12 not 11 not 12 and a half 13
I'm probably an honor of Danny boy, you know
Is everything in South Florida related to a football revolver on Danny boy with those Batman lips with us weird lips?
Mm-hmm. You can't speak Danny. You don't belong on that show either. Although, you know, it's good that he's on it with Shannon sharp because compared to Shannon sharp
Dan, Danny's like a road scholar, you know, he's like an MIT professor
And he moving on there 13 maybe it's stuck
I think that's possible
Maybe but I got it. We'll blame it on Eric. Yeah, it must be Eric. What's Eric got to do with it? Nothing, but we can still blame it on him
Yeah, it's Eric's fault get your foot off the break Eric. These people are desperately trying I'm here trying to buy those up
Two o'clock comes I'm gonna walk out of here with my head down feeling like oh boy. Whoa is me and
I knew what's gonna happen like on about the 10th of October I get up another big fat paycheck
Oh, yeah, well, maybe not whoa is me and after all whoa
Yeah, maybe like yeah, whoa big deal big simmous 22 till 2 at 560 QA
I'm ready to learn your trade you idiot whoever told you that you could work with men
What's your hired for is to help us does that seem clear 10 to help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living you company man you fairy
I
Here I
Don't drop your game on
over
Welcome
in
Oh
Would miss that gay doll
Come on now girl
That's all
Kate Pepper is my快ößer
It
Oh
Kick that wall
Will you take every Body day
Please bound the day
Sure this love would forgive you, sister
And drop your gay bomb.
And I have you fairy.
I'm a vioca.
For a global bloodbath, her tree on.
Comes out of the go.
I love that water.
That little size we pull off, children's arms.
And I'm such a good good bloodbath.
I've got the beef in all the views.
And drop your gay bomb.
And I'm a ravi-wadi.
Straight white man like me.
We don't deserve my god in cinnamon.
We're sure our Lord Jesus God knows.
Our present is the chance that you must help us.
I'm straight, you know.
Nothing worse than coming real close and then missing it by a whisker.
You know we got 10 left, we got 16 minutes.
And you still think we're going to do it?
I don't know now, but it's possible.
I don't know now, but it's possible.
It is possible.
Oh, it's sure it's possible.
In fact, if Joel Feinberg is such a big fan, he could just go on air with his visa or daddy's master card.
And by the 10 up, it's only 250 bucks.
That's chunk change.
I'm going to probably lose that in the first 10 minutes it would buy 250 bucks.
I mean, what's that?
You might be a couple of bucks, but 250, what is that?
So we got 10 left, we got 15 minutes to do it.
If this audience really cares, do it for us.
Do it for George.
Don't do it for yourself.
I mean, you know, who wants to save 25 bucks on food?
Right.
Do it for us.
Give us a little ego boost.
Don't let us get married in a muck in radio muck.
Now it's eight.
That's great.
Don't let us get bogged down like the barnacles at the bottom of the ship with two gods.
To be in that league, to be begging days and weeks after the deal is on the air.
Hey, try to sell stuff.
What?
What was that?
Eight.
Oh, I just said eight.
I know.
Oh, I going your sediment.
Before there was eight there was eight.
Yeah, I went right from 10 to eight.
Sure.
So we got 14 minutes to sell eight.
Now what is Kristen?
Are we going to do these eight?
Yes.
See, if I had a big ego, which like I said, I don't have any, I could go on there during
the next break and buy them all myself on a credit card.
Eight times 25 is 200 bucks.
Trump change.
But I'm not going to do that.
What the hell should I do it?
This audience ought to come through for us.
Pretend you're doing it for us.
That's right.
For the Gipper.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Buy one for the Gipper, okay?
And where's all those radar fans out there?
That's what it uses me.
I mean, of all the teams.
How many radar fans do you think there aren't?
About 30 men.
See, if it was something like a front-running phone, like if we said the Patriots, you know.
Although that wouldn't be good either.
Because there's that jealousy factor that translates into the great hate.
Oh Tom Brady, we hate Tom Brady.
Oh, we despise.
Yeah, right.
If Tom Brady was on the dolphins, you people would be laughing at his toes.
You'd be sucking on his kneecaps.
Eight is still... we're stuck on eight.
You're not helping me much on this either.
I think you're...
Well, that's not going to do it.
I'm pushing.
Yeah, it doesn't sound like you're pushing very hard to me.
I think what you're pushing is what we're going to wind up with.
Crap.
Oh, brother.
To come so close and miss it.
Like, miss it by a mile.
Like in a horse race.
You know, if you lose by a nose, if you just as easily lose by 25 lengths,
there's no... the only thing that counts in close only counts in quits and horseshoes.
And they're maybe not what the quits is.
What is a quit?
I don't know.
I've been saying that for years because really once said it,
you'd think that at some point you would have figured out what it was.
Close only counts in quits and horseshoes.
I never heard that before.
I heard horseshoes and hand grenades.
Right.
Oh, I think that's what we need to do.
Just like Tommy Kramer would say, put the hand grenades in my mouth and pull the pin.
Like Tommy Kramer would say, I wouldn't be surprised if he's dead, you know.
Oh, back up to nine.
We just lost one.
That's your fault.
See, one of them was bogus.
Yeah, we had eight.
Now we got...
Yeah.
So it's not going to happen.
I mean, I'm degrading and humiliating.
Like I've never done.
And we still can't do it.
We have 11 and a half minutes to go.
Don't you feel bad?
Medium bad.
I don't think they believe me.
I don't think they believe that I feel bad.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hey, George, I'm in a kneel.
You didn't know.
You didn't know Rayder fans out there.
Can we come into the stadium on Sunday and show you what the Rayder nation is about?
The Rayder nation might ask, your team sucks.
Okay, this is barely in the last second.
Just barely beat the Browne Hounds.
Get out of here with your Raiders.
They suck.
One and two and this is easily could be o-m-tree.
Just barely squeaked by the marginal Browne Hound.
Patriots got to play the bangles this week.
That's going to be a-
Bangles score a lot of points, but if they score 60, they give up 100.
Correct.
So I think Brady and company and Randy Moss are going to have a field day with the bangles.
But who the hell knows?
We still got 9 left and 11 minutes to go.
It's just not going to happen.
While somebody comes through for us and buys a chunk of them, you know?
Like Joel Feinberg.
Come on, Joel.
You can do it.
We'll say something nice about you.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
W-Q-A-N-H-L-O.
Hey, any chance I can speak?
Get on the Neil Rogers show.
You're on it.
I want to buy a-
money your-
Bangles.
I've been trying for the last 15 minutes.
Yeah, I'm more can't you buy it.
No, I'm just kept ringing my-
text-
ringing on my other phone.
I tried-
You don't buy it on the phone.
You got to go on-
Don't you have your computer there?
I'm sorry.
I have the Hankoberg disease.
I'm-
I'm a computer-
I'm a computer-
I'm a computer-
I'm a computer-
I'm a computer-
Oh, so sorry.
Too bad.
Get lost.
She has Hankoberg disease.
No computer.
She's a fat guy.
That's bad.
Maybe it was the-
What's your name?
Barbara Star from CNN.
She has-
She has a bumper disease.
Well, we got nine left.
I guess we're not going to do it, boys.
We're not going to do it.
We asked the audience to come through for us and show the world.
That when push comes to shove, that when stuccoz is on the line,
that they would come through for us and they failed us.
Not only did they fail us, but they left us with nine.
Oh, my God.
Don't you feel, uh, I don't know, like, bored lord.
I would be don't care.
But I mean, yo, I care.
Yeah, I'll say that.
What?
Don't say I don't care.
I crack with the Raider's Nation.
Oh, brother.
Everybody of the Leaf Nation and Raider Nation and Dolphins Nation and Patriots Nation.
Nation, my ass.
This is not the size.
Another, you know, invention of the sports nerd, you know.
Raider's Nation.
I get out of here.
Whether you're silly jerseys and your stupid caps and all the other chasarai.
Take a hike.
Hike.
Well, we got nine minutes left and we got nine to go.
The one a minute would be an easy average.
If it was on the pool, we got way over 13 ever votes on the pool.
Chris is excited about that, but his excitement is tempered by this bitter, bitter disappointment.
Correct.
On wqam.com.
And here's this lady.
She ain't got no computers.
She would have bought one.
There would have been one.
Wouldn't surprise me if we got a few more dollars out there with no computer, right?
I just, I mean, what kind of a person besides the Humper doesn't have a computer,
at least access to one, right?
Right.
No, ain't going to happen.
Library's happened.
No, that's right.
Go to the library.
Okay, hop on it.
Maybe by the time we come in tomorrow, those nine will be gone.
Oh, that's sure they will be.
Well, what do you say?
You're the same guy that said you're sure I was going to get this done.
You can do it all other, cause a ride that you talk.
You're the same guy that was peddling that proper gander.
Yeah.
And did it happen?
No.
Is it going to happen?
Maybe.
Oh, yeah.
That thing is glued on Yine.
It's embedded.
You know how luck on the TV?
You get the burn in on the screen?
Mm-hmm.
That's what's happened on my computer.
The Yine is just sitting there glaring,
and probably Robert Greenford sitting home like,
Oh, he's gotten Yine.
He's gotten Yine.
Where is Robert Greenford, by the way?
Can you tell me he's off the morning show,
because Joe Rose hates him like poison?
Yes, or something like that, you said?
Joe Always, he was onto these bastards, just like with Mo.
I actually feel like someone was just, Joe brought two other guys with him,
so he brought Fantzack.
Watch your back, Zach.
And who's the other guy he brought?
Greg.
Who's Greg?
Another producer?
Or boredop?
What are you going with all of them?
In some other words, we're hiring a whole staffer from over there.
Each or hard-out fine, we're okay.
We're hiring a whole staffer away.
Maybe next week it'll be Stu Gotts.
What's your biggest name?
But I don't.
He's no projects.
4.560 QAM.
I think.
4.560 QAM.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
I think.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
4.560.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I think.
I'm bemoaning my faith
You know what you should do after the show
I got some gossies
Seven!
I'm bemoaning my faith
Bye, bye, bye!
