In the interest of equal time, the following is the official gay response to Tim Hardaway.
I hate basketball players. I don't like to be around basketball players. I'm
whoopophobic. They're tall, they're muscular, they have sinewy cast muscles, they're
sweaty from going up and down and up and down the hardwood all night long without getting tired.
I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the team.
You mean, how are they together playing man to man? Just thinking about it. I'm thinking about it
right now and wow never mind never mind. It's a 10-1 at 560 WDQM. Oh, we got a full four hours
today. Oh no. What are we going to do about that? That must be a mistake. Go tell me you're eating
already. But is it champions from Howeys? No, I thought it was like Tura Hau Wednesday.
Are you guys still going to get screwed out of that? Yes. Well, you know, muffles in there a
little while ago. Why don't you say like to muffle? I'm just screaming them. You're fair now.
Try to talk to them about it and he said, you know, Bafongo.
I beg your pardon. He said, he said nothing to you. I think we're behind the new law. I don't want
to disturb. I think I might play the, since we got to do a whole four hours today, let's just
play the dialogue from Godfather too. Let's play a Frankie Pantangely all day today.
Now we don't want to do that. How do you do what? Have those lines right there. Oh, I know,
it's a magic trick. You'll see. You'll give your loyal being to a Jew before you undress.
Come on Frankie, you know my father did business with Ivan Rod. He respected him.
If your father did business with Ivan Rod, he'll fall to be spectacular. But your father never
trusted Ivan Rod. He's so good at scary. You know what? I don't know why the hell we didn't
realize it back in the day and a hundred years ago. At least two people woke up this morning
on their way to becoming millionaires. Somebody bought a winning ticket for the right. One thing I
can't stand is people who gamble. That's why I remind you that it's Woodbine Wednesday.
Maybe I'll win a jackpot today. Maybe I'll get the progressive jackpot on the five dollar
or a wheel of fortune. 366 grand sounds good to me. All right. But I doubt it. I'm happy with
$366 bucks. Someone bought a winning ticket for the record, $370 million mega millions jackpot
in Dalton, Georgia. Oh no Dalton, Georgia. Can you imagine what kind of people would be talking about?
And another winning ticket was sold and keep May County, New Jersey. I have no idea where that is.
But at least Jersey, there might be some like living and breathing people maybe.
There could be more winners too. California's results were slowed early. They by the high volume of sales.
But that's really bad. You know, you think you won $370 million and then you find out
somebody else got it. You only got $185 million. Oh Christ crap. It's like when you catch a small
fish. You know, it's too small throwback. California lottery spokesman Rob McAndy
said it would likely be mid-morning before they know for sure. Well, it's kind of mid-morning now,
isn't it? But I haven't paid any attention. Who really cares? We didn't get it.
The other nine states involved in lottery struck out said Marjela Cohen, spokeswoman for the
Ohio lottery, which compiles information for all the states. They're good at fixing numbers.
You know, like the life of the 2004 election. Odds of hitting the jackpot are one in 176 million.
Georgia lottery corporation spokesman JB Landrow said a winning ticket was sold at the
favorite market in Dalton, Georgia. The favorite market. You can only imagine. New Jersey lottery
spokesman Dominic DeMarco said officials in history were still trying to pinpoint the store
there where it'd be sold. Last night, it's drawing what's held in New York Times Square,
an ABC's television studio resident Atlanta after brisk sales pushed what had been estimated
$350,000,000 a jackpot to a record $370,000,000. Even though the temperature was just 16 degrees,
a handful of hopeful show-up in Times Square to watch the drawing. New York construction worker
and Delco Calina can no idea of what he would do with his mega-millions ticket paid off,
which he did not. I'll go to the moon, he said, why not? Go to the moon, yeah. That's what I would
do if I won 185 or $370 million at risk of my life. I'd go on a space shuttle and like, you know,
you've killed before I could enjoy like one second of it. I don't think that's a good idea.
Good thing he didn't win it, you know. Something like a jackass to me. But then again, what do I know?
What do I know? When he come right down to it, what the hell do I know? Here's the poll results.
That's what I know from yesterday. We had 1557 votes. Oh, and I also, man, am I going to get you today?
You are? Yes. You want to know what it's about? Did you see the story about the diets?
Nope. Aha! And which one works the best while I get through them?
I didn't know we had a diet controversy going. You and I?
Yeah. For years now. Really? Maybe it wasn't you and me. Maybe it was another else.
Are you admit you made up? Well, let's just, let's pretend we do it out of your head.
Okay, absolutely. You're wrong. You're wrong. You're whatever you're about to say.
You heartless big bad. You're wrong. Here's the poll. My favorite dead comedian is Rodney Dangerfield.
Rodney kicks ass, man. Even in the box, he's still kicking ass and still getting no respect.
225 votes. John Belushi's second, but a distance second with 109. Just edging out Richard
Prior with 108, but you know something? Because Richard Prior was on here twice. Let me find the
other place where he beyond. Oh, we thought that we fixed it. Oh, you did fix it? That's right.
Christ. Okay, like I said, sorry. 108. So Belushi, 109, Richard, Prior, 108.
Sam Kiddison, 100. So those were the top four. Those were the contenders.
Phil Harman, 91. I love Phil Harman. John Candy, 80. He don't think he was like a whole fat, do you?
A little bit. Benny Hill, 78. Chris Farley, 70. Jackie, recent 65. He don't think Jackie was
a fat, do you? That's not good. Not what it's at. So let's talk about those diets. We'll get to it.
The Marx Brothers 62. I've heard you put them all together. It was Groucho and Chico and
Harpo and Gummo. Don't forget Zepal. Oh, and Zepal. Oh, yeah. Remember the led Zeppos?
And the Graz Zeppelin? Now, was that the one that that was the one?
Well, the humanity. Yeah, I can't believe it. This is terrible. Just like Jeffrey Tupens said,
yesterday when the verdict came down on the scooter, Laby Tra. Oh, this is terrible. Yeah.
Johnny Carson, 60. Here's Johnny. Here's Lucy. Lucy had 43. Lucy.
I hate this poll 39, only 2.5%. They liked it. And what's not to like? If you have any sense of
humor at all, Mitch Hedberg, 35. I still think he's kind of on your said burger. I have no idea.
And leaves one last night. Very boring game in the pants. It's lost in Atlanta where they always lose.
What is it? They might as well just forfeit those games. Save the airfare.
Abbott and Castello, 34. Bill Hicks had. But third man. It's a damn good thing we put him on
here because I was really resisting because most people have no idea who that is. Bill Hicks,
do you know who it is? No. Neither do I. Even though I have that CD, it must be the guy in
Hirelia, semi that CD years ago. It's still down at the house and it's sitting there in the kitchen
on the counter with a bunch of other stuff. And I'm never going to listen to it.
Laurel and Hardy, 23. Ernie Kovacs and Buddy Hacket at 22, a piece. Evola Deferny Kovacs,
he was great. Bob Hope, 21. Red Fox 18. WC Fields 18. Jack Benny 18. Right chest there.
See nobody know other than me and I know what I'm talking about. Oh, right chest. Lenny Bruce
16. George Burns, a Gracie Allen 15. I like their adopted son Ronnie Burns. He was adopted.
I was like Ronnie. Paul is, yeah, I shouldn't say things like that. It sounds awfully. But I'm just
honest. You know, I have the hots for Ronnie. Paul in 14 and he caught me in 14. Steve Allen 14.
See Steve Allen one had so many more votes, including mine to be very honest with it. If it weren't for
the fact that it became such a jackass in his later years, they spoke to him for the end of
thought thinking. Marty Feldman, 10. He kind of looked like what's your name? Babs, Babs Bush.
Red Skeleton 8. I had a great life, but I can't. Yeah, it was about Babs Bush.
A Red Skeleton 8 Charlie Chaplin said, Imaging Coke, a finely woke up a little bit with five.
Doubly more four. I hated it anymore. I mean, I know he's dead. It's not, you know,
he shouldn't really say that, but why not? Okay, I thought I could have just feelings, any.
I didn't, I, that whole British thing and all was good. The only British comedians I really
ever liked is Marty Python. Yeah, he didn't like Benny Hill? No. I like Benny Hinn. Don't like
the Zany cover laughs. I like Benny Hinn for laughs and Benny Hanover. Very minimal amount of food.
Now they put on a good show there, Benny Hanover. They give it like they slice up like a,
they take it like one small slice of beef and then the guy keeps throwing it up in the air
and the walk and he's slicing it up in the like little teeny tiny pieces to make you think you
got a lot of food and there's nothing there. Harold Lloyd had four votes for really old people.
Harold Lloyd, I think, was in silent movies, wasn't he? I don't know. Oh, I guess what was on last
night on my cable? You all believe this with Spencer Tracy and Ingrid Bergman? Gaslight. Dr.
Oh Tom Jicke and Dave Hyde. They've yet to make a good version of that. Well, this wasn't one either.
Oh, and Milton Droll for Buster Keaton 3, Pat Paulson 2, Danny K2, Jimmy Duranty,
one, Eddie Canta, one in Fred Allen had one. Now, in fact, this is 1941 and of course the
cinematography, the special effects that they had in 1941 were very limited. So toward the end
of the movie where his, where they show he's finally exposing his secret to his good close friend
there. Right. Paul the God. I'm going to say, where is Henry Jekyll? Yeah. And he says, okay,
you force me to do this and he drinks the potion. You know, he mixes it up. He drinks the potion
and slowly but surely he's turning back into Dr. Jekyll, Henry Jekyll. And they're showing like,
if it's very poor, it's very weak. You'd have to see the same boy. Those special effects really suck,
you know, just like fading fading. Yeah, that's right. Hair fading in that. That's exactly
correct. And it sucks. But, you know, the movie that they made for him, you know, he reminded me of
an end movie, Spencer Tracy Tracy. I don't know what a big deal was about him. I don't know. Maybe
it's just a generational thing. Well, he could play one character and he was really ugly.
Other than that. He always looked to me like he was always playing himself. Here's Spencer Tracy,
starring as, yeah, Spencer Tracy, walking through the movie, you know, walking through the
roles. Are you starting that again? Yeah. Here's today's pool. And I know I shouldn't have done this.
Too many of these Neil pools. This is getting really to me, Tereson. But this one guy who sends
the pool has got a fetish obsessed with me, just obsessed with a point of neurosis.
So it's always well. Should Neil pick his nose with his pinky, his little finger is, well,
whatever, you know, I think your little finger is your pinky, then. Yeah.
Index finger. That's what I was trying to be in. Yeah. I mean, he just stick his whole hand up in
there and his nose too. Should Neil always, oh, I see what it says. Since Neil always offers
us good advice, why not help that start? I was going to offer Neil what if I was, oh, see,
this isn't even written right. Eric left the word out of this or maybe the guy did. If I was
going to offer Neil one piece of advice, it would be Eric left the word out. If I was going to
offer him one piece of it, he left if Neil doesn't need advice, he knows it all 249. That's what I voted for.
I know it all, man. And if I knew it all, what the hell am I doing to work in for these people?
Hey, it's a nice paycheck twice a month. I'll tell you that. Including Friday, I believe.
Less work, more money. That's what we believe in, you know, at some of my correspondence
out there online, bitching about the fact that we had the Marlin game yesterday and we got that
horrible UM of basketball game tomorrow, 130. And I appreciate their loyalty and their enthusiasm
and their love and their kind of spirit. But the matter of the fact of the matter is less work,
more money. That's the way we'd love those days. Yeah. Here's the other piece of advice. Make the
move to satellite 127. Yeah, make the move. Okay, I'll move. Don't ever retire. 124. Stay the hell
off of my space. 104. There is no chance that that's going to happen. No chance in your pants.
Move back to Miami 35. I would say there's even a less chance of that. 35. I hate this poll 31,
only 4.1% off to bet. Retire now. Retire. 31. No way. Go straight 25. Uh-huh. And stop gambling
in 17. It's we're buying Wednesday. So that's what they're suggesting. Addison 150 votes. We'll make
a thousand of they Chris. I'm glad that you're excited about it. All right. Judge Cordis came in
and paid us a nice visit this morning while George was out doing his Beethoven. Just made it back
just in turn to really. Oh yeah. I'll tell you you and I were busy this morning racing to the
magic room. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe it's something in the year. Let me ask you
this. Oh, wait a minute. I'm not going to expect him to get a recording, but someone was there to
help me. Help me. Somebody help me. I could not like playmen works right away. And I was actually
able to enjoy my Thanksgiving. Nice potatoes. Grave it. And come there. Wow. Well, we've got to have
Noah's right at the beginning when he says look. Oh yeah. Okay. How about that? The other
thing's brown a bit we got. Where is what is your back? Jump out. Jump straight out of the box.
Good. One of it doesn't got it. Maybe the other hour.
Did she get brought? That old ass frozen sperm. Very forgets that he isn't at.
He shot. Your husband has been bad. Looks like none of them will hurt you. It'll be
a few that crazy. You can be now. But turn any
man now. Who is the dad now? Who really can now? Who can be now? And who we take care of
this is right. 10, 19, 5, 60, W. Here's one for the pool for my good and online buddy,
Zisco. Boy, I haven't heard from him in a long time and ages. How's it going, Zisco? He's okay.
My book. Good guy. He says here's one for the pool. Stay off the ice cream.
Good got it. Stay off the ice cream. You'll be very fascinated with this being the hard ass that you are.
He says also I've been wanting to chime in concerning the straight guys having gay sex.
Prisoner's circumstances may be 10% or less of the world's population is in prison. So you can't
really count that. If a prisoner was released from jail, do you think that they would still
voluntarily seek out men for sex when they have access to women? Probably not. And those that did,
you could say probably argue that they have had mental trauma, etc. But it comes down to it by
definition. Straight men do not have gay sex as it's called. Okay. He's not more than one time.
I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say they'd
have it one time just to see how it is. He says. Well, they continue from there than they're by.
Take this for example. Would you have sex with a dead body or an animal?
Or what's it like? What's it look like? How about a dead animal?
What's it look like? There's just no physical attraction there. I'm sure that that would even
disgust you. That's how a straight guy feels when it comes to gay sex as it's called.
He says so go beyond something one time to see how it is. Straight guys don't have gay sex.
He says I'm not being a dumb jock or ignorant, I'm just like you know how this straight guy sees it.
He just goes straight by the way he wants to make sure you understand that.
PS you're like this part being the hard hardest bastard that you are.
He says I think Tammy is really a straight guy in denial.
I think she's a crazy fat woman. Right woman to be so adamant about something that's really
no big deal. You got to suspect something. Maybe it's Timmy from wherever she's from.
That would be a nice disco or your real panic. Here's the other issues. It's just a matter of
what words mean. It doesn't mean you're a bad person if you have gay sex.
Oh well thank you so much for that. There are people that can't come to terms with their
sexuality and they hate labels. Here's like I said I don't ask a whole bunch of questions.
I don't want to hear about the family tree and who are from all of the family tree and who's
playing a band you up there and are they kin with the bees lesion? I don't care about that.
If they look good and they're willing that I'm you know I'm upset. I'm ready to run
in there and grab whatever I can. A sudden fact as leaders said yesterday that evangelical
voters might tolerate a divorce presidential candidate but they have deep doubts about GOP
hopeful Rudy Giuliani who's been married not once, not twice, count them three times. Oh boy.
Can you imagine them? Can you imagine the sin that's all built up against his record?
When he gets to them poorly, he squirrely gates. Richard Land, I never heard of him.
Head of the public policy for the Southern Baptist Convention told the Associated Press
that evangelicals believe the former New York City mayor showed a lack of character during his
divorce from his second wife, television personality Donna Hanover.
That was something important you just facts me or what? It's interesting. Oh good. Okay,
it's about Dion de Mucci. Oh I guess Johnny G sent me another email this morning with a link to
one of his my space buddies. It's Johnny Depp. Well how do you like that? Yeah.
Now I'm not going to say a word. Anyway getting back to Rudy Giuliani, the Southern Baptist Convention.
I mean this is divorce on steroids Land said the public be familiar your wife and that way and
your children that's rough. I think that's going to be an awfully hard sale even if he weren't for
a choice and pro gun control. Giuliani married his longtime companion Judith Nathan in 2003.
They had dated publicly while Giuliani was married to Hanover his first marriage and in an
annulment and his son won't be campaigning for him by the way. But Giuliani's step
I'm a referred cause on land statement to the exploratory committee which did not have an immediate
response last night. Giuliani also already has a challenge in winning over concern the voters who
make up the GOP base. Many of them view him with skepticism because of his moderate views on
social issues as gaze, guns and abortions considered too liberal. Land noted that Republican
presidential candidate John McCain has been married twice but said the Arizona Center is acknowledged
in his part in the failure of his first marriage. It's a mole hill compared to Giuliani's mountain
land said when you're a warrior like McCain you have less to prove on the character front.
Right. Many polls identify Giuliani as the frontrunner of Republican presidential primary
followed by McCain and then former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney. Oh brother. Has he got a
chance in hell or what? Oh, none. Southern Baptist had been among the most vocal conservative Christian
groups in the support of the Bush administration but they and other crazy people, Evangelicals,
are struggling to fight a consensus presidential candidate who embraces their stands against
gay marriage and abortion. Same old tired crap man. Same old, same old tired and stale and just
enough to make you want to apute your guts out. Get on your hands and ease and just net for hours
and hours and hours. Am I right? Yes. Yes. Just like all this crap about Anne Colter. What do you expect
from that bitch out from this self-hating deck? What do you expect? This is what these people
are all about. Okay. Hate. Good old-fashioned hate. Hate sells in America big time. Hate
printing this bigotry. Neural mind and stupidity. All of these things. It sells big time. It goes
over like Halavai and Tel Aviv, man. Big. It goes over like falafel in where? Beirut. Never have
falafel. I never have falafel. I don't think I have. There's plenty of it here. Wow. We got more
than at least a few. You can check a spirit. Yeah. I know all about it. Yeah. I'm sure it
is. Is that like Peter bread that you dip into some something? I think it's pretty good. They have
like that. I'll leave you a lot of like Shorma. What is Shorma? Is that like a lamb? I don't know.
And they like Mary Hadley lamb and the Middle Eastern folks ate it. Do that like lamb. No. It's
the other one. What's the other one? About the diet. Fifth East Dew App came. Vian Dhmuchi came
into West Palm Beach of the weekend. Lecture Catholic men about faith. Really? Now Dhmuchi is the
one who could end up being schooled about fatherhood, a rural Palm Beach air conditioning repairman
musician who's believed for the past 35 years he's Dhmuchi's love child arranged to have lunch
with the recent Grammy nominee after Saturday's lecture. Then Dianne Ambrosio said he'd
quickly took her to Dhmuchi's water bottle and slipped into his pocket. This week he carefully
swabbed the top and inside of the cap he sent up the cotton. I wonder if that's cotton baton.
To a private lab for a $425 D&A test, Ambrosio hopes the test will show whether Dianne and the
Belmont's frontman father him 50 years ago. For your father, for your father, when asked
about it by page 2 on Tuesday, this is the Palm Beach post Dhmuchi seems shocked. Creepy he said.
He's 67. He's even older than I am. He can send a bottle of or a guitar strings or half eaten
bagel if he wants to. He's not my son. I have eaten bagel. I think that's not like a little shot
there Dianne. Uh oh. My good buddy. He's... You know...
You...
Good night. On headline news, Nancy Gray's interviews Irish troublemaker, the leprechaun,
one on one. I'm gonna expose you for what you are my little green friend.
Nancy Gray's is relentless. Isn't it true that you have engaged in fraudulent activity for
centuries? Lazy. I'm not riffing people off. People are always trying to steal money money.
Oh I say you promise a pot of gold but don't deliver now you're the victim. You sir how do you
sleep at night? The truth comes out when Nancy Gray's has you winner crosshairs.
So you think it's all right to use a rainbow, a symbol of hope to lure more folks into one of
your sinister money skaters. Nothing. Santa's terrible. Both are rainbow. It's because you're really
just a fairy. Isn't that right Mr. Leprechaun? Fairy. Who are you calling a fairy?
There'll be no luck in the Irish for this leprechaun. When he gets grilled by Nancy Gray's tonight on
headlight news. You're fair. 1033. Okay let's take a look at that schedule for Wednesday.
What does it look like? Mad Dog at two then we got the power hour. One of those rare days when
both guys are here four to five Henry Goldberg and Jim Manage together four to five. Hank five to
six fifty. Another little bit of a short show because you got the models against the
Autos versus LA and Jupiter. Now LA doesn't tell me anything. It could be the angels or could be
the Dodgers. Am I right Chris? You would be correct. The angels of and used to be of whatever
the holiday used to be. Anyway that's the six fifty and nobody cares anyone then after the
baseball game we got Eddie Kay. Kind of like old times man. We got Eddie Kay for old times sake you know.
Chris is a messenger boy. Tommy Ola. I don't miss Gluzaka. Eel. Eel is on your stand. So you're
he's a funny guy. I want to say that there is still alive. I heard they hit him with five shots
and he's still alive. I just love the way Celetto says that you know it comes it comes out of
there with the Tom Hagen they've been holding Tom captive you know for a while there.
Yeah and it comes outside and then he gets one of his one of his one of his buffers comes running
over and whispers in his ear about a beep but it will put about bad news for you and bad news.
What is it oh bad news for me and bad news for you if you can't get sent to make that deal.
Something like that. Let's just let's just all recite the whole dialogue from the Godfather.
Let's do it. In fact let's do it from all three parts you know the six hundred hour on an
inversion. Let's do it. Good play. Those are the things they smile.
Suspended ascendance. I love the way he says that. Suspended ascendance.
Rise of Valerian as suspenders. Kind of.
Camping in 2000 George Bush promised he would swear on the Bible to restore honor and dignity
to waste solid white house and give it one heck of a scrubbing. The conviction of Scooter
Libby gave the white house a scrubbing but not the one that Bush had in mind.
The case laid bare the inner workings of a presidency under siege in the secret of world of
us president Dick Cheney the anxious the obnoxious the unacceptable Dick Cheney.
Crook liar thief lunatic maniac. Money grabber. It showed the likes to which Cheney went
early summer of 2000. See I want to interrupt my own reading of this. I don't have a problem
with people being crooks okay I mean because most people got a lot of money I'm talking about
really really big money. Most of them are crooks but but how much do you have to have? How much
you got? Exactly that's what it's all about. How much do these people have to have before they're
satisfied? How much does a bastard like Dick Cheney with his crappy heart? How much does he have to have?
More. What's he going to do? Leave millions and millions to his bull-bike daughter is that it?
It showed the likes to which Cheney went early summer of 2003 to destroy the administration
quit of Joe Wilson. The former ambassadors and assertions had cast doubt on the administration
justification for having taken the country to war in Iraq and the Libby case showed the president
of the assisting Cheney and they leaked the tax on Wilson. That's why they all three should be
on the way to jail right now. They should be in shackles. They should be in chains. They should be
in the Tardin Feathered. Libby was Cheney's chief of staff who's found guilty yesterday at four or five
counts of obstructing justice lying in perjury during the investigation of the administration
disclosed the identity of a Valerie Plain. The verdict is great damage to the Bush administration
said Paul C. Light professor of Public Service at NYU it undermines the president's pledge of ethical
conduct. But the most serious consequences that will raise questions about Cheney's durability
and office and may be time for Cheney to submit his resignation to which we would say
Oh yeah! Then who's going to be president? I mean vice president. But don't count on it,
Bush in the past has repeatedly come to the defense of his vice president. The trial which
included a month of testimony is also relevant as the U.S. seeks to build a case that Iran
is providing sophisticated munitions to Shi'ed insurgents in Iraq who are using them against U.S. troops.
You know there'd be a good way to put a stop to that you know what it is bring all the troops home.
And administration critics have suggested the administration trying to lay the ground work for
Iceland and we've been attacking Iran using flawed intelligence just like Iraq same old crap man.
How long have everybody here to know? It's not going to be no trouble for me!
Definitely on!
Cheats! How about? There you go. Cheats. What is else in every portion? Yeah, board.
Reaching back for this facts must be very important. Oh look at that!
The out throw that on the floor I read enough of that.
Reaching back for this facts must be very important. Oh look at that!
The out throw that on the floor I read enough of that.
Well you know it's not because when I get done tearing up the stories after I read them out
I just throw them on the floor and then during the break I put them in my garbage bag.
Oh it's speaking of garbage bag. I mean this is going to sound really ridiculous you know it's kind of
like in the category of paper or plastic but speaking of spastic there's one thing and I'm sure
I'm not the only person I mean I'm a clutz I'll be the first to admit that I'm a real clutz
but I have a real difficult time with one thing in the kitchen for years and years and know what it is.
Break it in the neck. No aluminum foil. What about it? Or some people would say tin foil. I'm talking
about getting it out of you know when you open up the package. Yeah and you pull out the you know
there's a little tab there and you take the tab off and you pull it out even. Right and I have
this thing where it always kind of like start unraveling and also you're winding up pulling out
like a shred of tin foil. I know you mean you find the tin foil more difficult and say this
saran wrap which is more difficult than anything really. Really? In my life for the saran.
That's the end of mind of its own it'll be. Of course people are probably saying well what's the big deal
with tin foil when you got like brought worst in there or wears or whatever ground beef you got
to wrap it up in tin foil man not in saran wrap. Well it's going to be some nice tupperware for your
birthday next year. You don't build for brought worst in tupperware. Sure you do. You do.
Put everything in tupperware then you burp it. Oh don't be sending me no yeah you burp it.
Right don't be sending me no tupperware. I'm sorry to find somebody in Canada that'll send it to you
what a crock that is. Yeah it really is. Miami Police Chief John Timothy opens up to the New Yorker
about his children's drug problems in a seven page profile title. Miami Blue writes stone
fleshman in the herald. The Irish board Timothy 58 once held the number two job at NYPD first
deputy commissioner. That's what his daughter Christine got in a drug and became a deadhead.
Following the grateful dead rock band around the country tells the magazine she wound up a hero
one addict. Christine 28 cleaned for seven years now was in South Florida has a daughter who turns
one on St. Patty's Day of the 17. Son and Sean 26 is doing 18 months in the West Penn and
Lusper Pennsylvania the DEA bus to him in 05 and a 400 pound 455 thousand dollar pot sting. He
was a driver by the way not the dealer Joan points out. Well good. Timothy tells the magazine that
he initially refused to post bail. Let him just rod in there. I don't give a shmit he said but a
wife no rain attended Sean sensing and drove into prison. Locals and then probably when he got
out of the car they said don't let the door hit you in the ass in the way out something you know
sensitive like that. Let's see what what is the rest of the I see the piece by Elsa Walsh's
timidious widely regarded today is one of the most progressive and effective police chiefs in the
country a reformer and iconoclast. Elsa Walsh's the wife of Bob Woodward former fame Washington
reported editor who talks about senator Kennedy and senator this one and senator in his very
pedantic and annoying way Bob Woodward was busy with his nose up George Bush's ass by the way when
he wrote that first book remember that yep and then all of a sudden now he got religion now that
all that didn't pan out too well there's Rob Bob what's his name Marciano on CNN similar concerns
loom this weekend it's the daylight savings time bug oh I am glad he mentioned that it's a
daylight savings time has been moved up this year which I bet you forgot all about that didn't
yet forgot what implied that I knew in the first place well there you go there's this weekend
Saturday night you turn your clock so this weekend yes good golly well that's what he just said
I'm gonna google it just to make sure I was just discussing that with somebody yesterday in the
phone and we decided he has to pretty sure it is this weekend and this is the public service
we do on issue for nothing for free baby it doesn't cost you a dime it doesn't cost you one
rotten nasty scent not even like a old buffalo head nickel Indian head whatever what were
those Indian head penny and buffalo head nickel Indian head nickels what about Steve nickel
so I'll google that make sure but see it's a damn good thing I got all lined up when I saw
I just left rehab again you can't make me stand
though I have a problem I'm crazy you think I drink too much I party all night until I throw up
love more than my hair lost my sense of reality I'm crazy crazy just let me have again
I don't need their help, my name's not no hand
I'm crazy crazy you think I have problems
More than just being dumb
It's called insanity
Just let me have a damn
I need more tattoos
Cause I love the pain
I'm crazy crazy you think I have problems
More than just being dumb
I'm a pub in sanity
Oh yeah, in a bad part of it is fierce
We don't have nobody cares except for the TV lunatic
Nobody else cares
I think she's dead meat, I think she's old
Rodding meat, rotting flesh
Kind of like Anna Nicole without the Abba
838 hosts on the pool
Just about all these
I don't see much on the phone today
Which is probably pretty good
Cause I don't really care one way of dealing with it
But I don't see like an awful lot of activity on there
I don't see any as a matter of fact
Maybe the photos dead
Oh, that would be...
Oh no, it actually works
What about that line one?
Is that fixed?
Oh, old stuff
That please start liking Peter over here
Yeah, seriously if you wrote an article
For inside radio or broadcasting magazine
Or any trade publication
Even that stupid talker's magazine
If you wrote an article about this radio station
And forgetting about any data rights perspective
It's just a technical part of it
They would say, oh, that Neil Mann
What a sense of humor he's got
He was always such a funny guy
I mean, who could make up stuff like this
And of course nobody could make up stuff like this
Cause it's all true
That's the amazing part
Just a total indifference
You know, like, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I don't tell me how you figured it out, I really don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know
I don't know. I don't know.
acceptable. This is not no chance. Retire now, 37. No thanks. I hate this poll, 33.3.9%.
It goes straight, 28. Definitely no thanks. Ah, ah. Ooh. Stop gambling 19. No way. In fact,
I'm so adamant about that. I might just call my cab guy right now and tell him, hey, let's
leave around 11. Maybe he's over next door, you know. And stay off the ice cream 5. I'll
be a little bit more careful. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
Do you remember when he tried to copyright that phrase you're fired? And he tried to copyright
the phrase at the same time. I was like, that's like copywriting the expression, hi, how's
it going? I mean, what is that copywriting your phrase? It sounds like some kind of a stupid
pet rhywusing to me. Well, I understand. I'd be afraid to say it. But at the same time, he
was too gay. Did you hear about that? No. Yeah. I didn't hear about it and I couldn't
care less about it because Donald Trump makes me want to vomit. He's another one of those
people at the meeting keeps propping up. I don't want to hear about him, pal. I have a
great day. Not interested. See, he starts out by saying you hate him like poison, don't
you? And I say, yes, I do. I don't hate him. I just can't stand him. I mean, there's a
difference. Hate is like, hate is like a South Florida thing. You know, I hate it. When you're
in Toronto, you don't hate that many people. You're like a little more mellow, you know. Not hate.
That's that's South Florida thinking. I can't stand him. But I don't want to hear about him. There's a
whole bunch of these media people at the paparazzi who are all whipped up about it. Britney is one of them
and Donald Trump is another one and poor Anne and Nicole in the box. That is a door nail. Oh, there we go with that again. There's another one.
I don't care about any of those people. I didn't care about her when she was alive. Why should I care about her now that she's
alive? Just just goes back to what I told you during the alienito days and I kept saying it screaming. I was
screaming and that kind of screaming too. And I told you the media, these lunatics have decided they're going to
just tell the public what you should be concerned about. What's important? Forget about all the dead people in a
rack. Forget about all this scooter liby trial. Forget about all the corruption and the ripping off of your
tax dollars. Forget about all the people who have medical insurance and the people who are starving to that. Forget about all those
poor sluppers and New Orleans, all of these and many many other things. You're supposed to be all whipped up about Donald Trump
and his bad hair piece and that fat bulldog, Rosie O'Donnell and all those other stupid crap. If I never heard her name again,
it would be much too soon. Rosie O'Donnell. Is she funny? Does she look good? Is she fant and discussing in rotesque? I mean, I'm not just
militant bulldog, yes. So now needs that bitch. I think no, not me either. I'm just using her as an example. They're
what the media does. And it used to be just on the tabloids shows entertainment tonight and inside addition and
outside addition and under your ass addition, all those other crap. But now it's like everything, the whole
mainstream media, so called whatever the hell it is, that's all they talk about. There's no damn news on any more.
There's no more just a bunch of glitz and schmitz, right? And schmitz. So what's the news? Prok pieces is right.
They're probably using cotton batten no doubt. I do like that. I mean, you got to be old man, cotton batten. It's like mustard
plaster. It's the same thing. Do you think anybody under the age of a hundred ever heard of a mustard plaster?
Yeah, they watched Little House on the Prairie. Nobody out of the age of a hundred watched Little House on the Prairie.
How's he doing by the way? He's still dead. Michael A.C. is. He was Jewish. Yes, he was. I'm trying to think I saw a thing. I saw his biography on a
biography channel, which I love that channel, man. I just love the biography channel. And I'm trying to remember what they said,
whether he was like a good guy or a see they almost never knock anybody. Everybody was a wonderful person because they're dead.
You know, if you're doing on the biography channel, most of them already dead. Oh, there it is. I don't even know if I really want such a
movie. It wasn't bad actually. I probably was watching apples way because Ben Span Patten was in a
hood. What? I think he was in it. I never watched that.
Oh, yeah, who else was in that speaker? And deliverance is Ronnie Cox. He was in that too. Apple's way or Little House in the
way. Not a little house on the Prairie. You fairy. No, Apple's way with Ben Span Patten. I'm going to tell you,
Ben Span Patten, who was in what was the movie with the Linda Blair. They always tell me about don't tell me
right night. No, I was no close. What? You're close. Keep going. Right. No. Night. No. Yes. Night. Stalker. Close. Night. Give you a hint. We work there.
Horror show. Hell. Hell. Hell. Hell. Hell. Hell. My wife was in Span Patten and Linda Blair. And they were I think he was running around
his underwear most of that movie. I'm going to go out and get that today. If I if I wouldn't have it,
I would buy. I'll buy me that. That's not one of the movies we can see her boob in. Oh, what a shame. But she. I don't think nobody don't like
Linda Blair. What do we don't waste my time? You're talking to the other people. Yeah, that's right. If you want to see a little
little boob and an old bag like me wants to see Ben Span Patten running around naked in his underwear. Of course, he's probably an old man
now. Probably don't look too much better than I do.
I'm not just. It did not. For I and see press. They might take you off the shelf.
Some new ones came out that are disgusting. You open your mouth but it isn't the same.
You say those photos are not me. Now you're on your knees. I run in the rain. Baby, you keep me on the shelf.
Cause you took some new things. You're showing some skin. We're finally into it. Without playing again. You made a mistake. You can't explain why. You thought it wasn't good. I did it the time.
You took some new things. The given deadline. One thing's for sure. You're not very shy. You took some new things.
Oh, you took some new things.
Hey, never did you hold some of the pool, man. By the end of this summer, we're going to be well on our way to our thousand of day
and everybody's going to say, wow, wow. What does that mean? I'll say, I don't know.
A 78-year-old joker was recovering today after he was hit by a car and pronounced dead by a passer by. Then believed by a passing
sheriff's deputy. How do you like that? I'm a South South like an act of God. One of those after life stories. They're ever read all I've cracked in all these people have had these after life experience or near the death of his car.
It's called the hoosenation. It's called stupidity. It's called BS.
Robert County deputy Tina Lasetosa was on routine patrol Monday, which he came across the accident and found the victim Eric Eaton, covered by a black in the roadway authority said Eaton had been visiting his son in danger,
but he was hit while crossing a street according to sheriff's report. A witness to the accident who claimed to be a medical professional claimed to be a medical professional.
In Florida, had placed a black in a brain and told that he was dead. Dead, in fact, probably said dead as a door nail.
Lasetosa called an ambulance and checked Eaton. He had head injuries with bleeding profusely, but that being found a faint pulse. She started CPR and began to breathe.
Like that, he was taken to a hospital in critical condition. Eaton's relative is told of 30. He was improving and described as condition is guarded but optimistic. He'd be okay.
The sheriff's office and accident investigation was ongoing and no charges have been filed.
Well, today I'm going to think that she came along because the other guy, the medical professional said,
Oh, put the black in on him. He's dead. And probably if they would have just looked in there and eroded with the black in on him, he would have bled and then he would have been dead.
Not good. So I think the moral of that story is beware of any so-called self-described medical professional, especially in Florida.
Where the term good doctor is an oxy moron.
83 on that pulse, they're off the ice cream tin and stop gambling. How about if I went away to Woodbuy?
I stopped giving me a pint of, I wouldn't be able to stop and nuke it, I guess, you know.
Well, the convenience stores, they have those little microwaves where you can get rid of.
Yeah, they do. The spunky sandwiches that the reader was and you put them in and you nuke them and they're like,
all the stuff melted. It's oozy and mungable. Look at you buddy, but you probably used to that.
In my Chinese convenience store, they would be real happy. They love me in there man. They love me.
I'm telling you, I think I'm their best customer to be honest with.
See, I'm lazy. You know, as you know, I'm fat and laid out.
We all are. I'm as fat as I was and so I'm one of those people when there's a convenience store, a few yards away from where I live, from my door.
And then I mean, I got two great supermarkets, both within easy walking distance, you know, like a block and a half, either way.
Well, which one am I going to do? Am I going to go a block and a half, either way, the real supermarkets?
Am I going to cross the street and just go to the Chinese market and pick up a few goodies here in there, you know.
Or bannies. Although I haven't been doing that lately. You ought to be really proud, aren't you proud?
Yes, I am. Well, good. I'll let you know if I get back into the 170s again. I'll let you know.
Still, still on the verge, but not too good. Not bad, but not too good.
Haven't been any any cractor. And we're getting that stir about to die. It's now excellent. Nice job, Neil.
Great segue. It was all accidental because I had this in my hands in the story too.
Guess which diet won this contest that they had?
Eptant. Good guess. I saw the story in.
You asked him this morning, did you see it? You said no.
Well, I must have been listening to something else.
What a freaking liar. Not only is he adamant in the heart as, but he also lies a lot.
That's why I said we're going to argue about this because you're always not going to eat.
I'm going to hurt you, Ron. I'm not knocking the atkins.
Oh, here's what I say is I'm not a fat lardo. So I don't want to have to be an expert on the atkins diet,
even though I've got a fat lardo. So what do you know about diets?
It's just like you're not gay. So what do you know about gay sex?
I don't know about sex. I don't want to know. I don't want to know.
I don't want to hear words. I don't want to hear words.
The low carb high fat atkins diet gets high marks.
Oh, it wouldn't be great if Dr. Bob could come back for just a couple of minutes to hear me read this story.
This is certainly best. He was not a nice person.
No, I once he was a nice person. He just didn't have a very nice personality.
There can be people who are nice people, but they have really a crappy personality.
They may be strange, you know, like me.
You know, he was a genius and he had a big ego to go along with it.
Yeah, and a lot of money.
Yeah.
And then of course, he was a clutch just like me.
He was looking for the sidewalk and went, oh, okay, that was it.
Look, this is very important to a lot of our friends.
And of course, you are audience, man. Most of them are tummy.
They're tummy and chubby and flammie.
The low carb high fat atkins diet gets high marks on one of the biggest, longest head-to-weight studies of popular weight loss plans.
Beating the zone, the orange dye, and even the U.S. guidelines.
Even so, critics say the results show how hard it is to lose weight and keep it off, which of course has got nothing to do with the study.
That's just another way for them to avoid saying, oh, you know, Dr. Bob was right, man.
Those carbs are killer carbs. That's what's going to put you in an early box.
Overweight women on the atkins plan lost more weight over a year than those on the low carb zone diet.
And they had slightly better blood pressure.
They had slightly better blood pressure and cholesterol reduced than those on the zone.
The very low fat high carb orange diet and low fat high carb diet, some of the U.S. government guidelines.
Stanford University Researcher Christopher Gardner, the leading authors of these study shows that atkins may be more helpful than critics contend.
How many years have I been telling you that, huh?
About 30, man.
Here's who I've been on here telling you. And if I were to just stuck with it and quit eating all that damn ice cream and cakes and candies and cookies and pasta and the mung-ray.
I'd be 150 pounds right now, man. I look just like Ryan Philippi.
I sure wish I did look just like Ryan Philippi. I'll say that I wouldn't be here right now. I would be wasting my time with this.
I'd be busy.
It says, but the study isn't a fair comparison because by the end few women were following any of the diets for his strictly courtous argue.
Although those in the atkins group came the closest.
The study had good concept and incredibly pathetic executions had zoned that creator, Barry Sears.
I wonder if he's kind of my good buddy, Brian Sears, the world's greatest harness driver.
It's a lot easier to follow a diet that tells you we'd bacon and breed than we'd predominantly fruits and vegetables said Dr. Dean Ornish, who's a quack by the way creator of the Ornish Diet.
Atkins followers lost about 10 pounds an average of 12 months versus three and a half pounds for the zoned diners. In other words, three times as much.
Women on the Ornish Diet lost almost five pounds an average and those on the National Guideline Plano lost almost six pounds.
Scientifically, those 12 months results weren't different enough from the atkins way lost to rule out the possibility.
The difference is a curve by chance.
It's a see they're always looking for an out for an excuse to criticize knock knock knock.
Not three times like Tony Rolanda would say like the knock on his head with a baseball bat is another guy.
The diet has lost the most weight early on, including an average of 13 pounds for the atkins group at six months.
Nearly double the closest competitor to the National Guidelines diet.
After that most began regaining weight. It turned most noticeable in the atkins women.
Well, that's one thing about atkins when you go off it all look out.
Oh, not Tony Rolanda.
Oh, and Duane.
And Jesus, you're in that with an average starting weight of 189 pounds, even losing 13 pounds.
Many women remained overweight. There's not a ton of weight loss here.
Gardner and I was atkins isn't the solution for the obesity problem.
He said, well, it depends on how well strictly you do and how long you stay on it.
The study involved 311 women about 40 years old on average was designed to measure the effectiveness of using a diet book to lose weight.
It doesn't say anything about the soft beach diet on here, which to me is just a scam for all the sky's favorite restaurants on the beach.
I've got the book in the other room. I can go get it again during the break-in and read about all the great places he's recommending,
which 99% of the people who are reading his book are never going to eat in those places because they either can't afford them or be they don't live in South Florida or see their hubman beard.
That wasn't very articulate by the way. That was very bad grammar, but nevertheless.
Women were randomly assigned to read 1-4 diet books. They attended weekly classes for 8 weeks where they had questions or address.
See how I'm going to give you the other expression of why this book will give you the proper grammar. But we'll save that for grammar.
But then we're mostly on the room for the next 10 months. At the end, atkins women had slightly higher levels of HDL cholesterol, the good kind,
and slightly lower blood pressure than those on the other 3 diets. How do you like that? The author said it's still uncertain whether the results would apply to men or older women since none were studied.
Oh no, of course not. Let's find every excuse in the world to say, oh no, couldn't be good at atkins.
And even though I don't want to be an expert on the atkins diet, I'm always heading B1. Go ahead.
I'm going to go ahead and ask for a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I'm going to ask you a question.
It's back for you and you're going to have all this cholesterol.
Obviously, you haven't done any research and haven't read any of the books or seen any of the results of this.
For most people on the atkins, your cholesterol goes down, your HDL, the good cholesterol goes up and your triglycerides come way down.
Way down, baby. Way down, you under ignore liens with Freddie or Canon.
How much you got there? I love that song.
Yes, I do. And by the way, when you were talking about it before, you noticed a lot of these vegetarians were the people behind all the other criticism and all that.
Or you mean the people like crowd? People like that.
I'm talking about the vegetarians.
I'm showing the bark off of trees and who thinks that that's what we're supposed to eat.
I'm going to tell you, life is too short.
If you can't at least enjoy some good food.
Mine, Jemanjard. Now we're calling him in Roth.
Ready, Canon, like I said.
They call them bulls and bulls and bulls.
I'm going to say, now I'm going to win the fall.
That was pretty good.
He's the land of God, baby.
See? I've isn't gotten long eaten.
We're talking about eating that can stake and lobster into all the end eggs on.
Let's go. I love my omelettes.
In every 97 votes on the poll, we're going to be way over 900.
We might be approaching 1000 by the top of the hour.
I bet your Chris is just all whipped up to a frenzy about that.
He's also not too happy that we don't got screwed by the by death.
Huh? Excuse me.
You fly out about that. Sure. How are you?
I wonder he saw.
Oh boy.
He saw what?
Who's the candidate that's making him a recligen?
I read.
You're damn right.
Who is the man that wants to take the troops out of our wreck?
Black.
Can you dig it?
Who's that cat with the big oldies?
That makes all the people chill.
Black.
Right on.
They say the racks got a white mother.
That's your mouth.
It's a truth about the rack.
The wicked baby.
He's an inexperienced man, but he thinks he can be the leader of his land.
Oh, yeah.
Let me know 18 at 5'60.
We got 9'11 baby.
Oh, 900.
11 votes on the poll right now.
We got 42 minutes before noon.
That means we're going to be edging on a thousand, maybe even passing a thousand by noon.
Then they will fear us.
You know what I'm saying?
As they sit in the adfada, then they will fear you.
This is a promise to risotto brothers.
We territories in the Bronx after he died.
You took over and you didn't give it to him.
I loved you, Welsh.
Yeah.
Commence a promise, Emma Watts.
I'm just going to make a whole show out of that Godfather drops.
What do you think?
I think it's great idea.
Get a 90 share easily.
Bomb.
Bomb me.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy.
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police station.
You want to get a face a little bit?
And?
I think this is the army where you shoot them a mile away.
You're going to get a post like this.
A bit of bing, your blood.
It brains all over your nice, cyberleaks suit.
Come in.
Nah.
You're taking a sparey person.
What's going on?
Commence a promise to nothing.
He hit in the sun of the pictures more than night.
Well good.
He was also fat.
That's why I kept eating too many.
I can't always because he kept feeding his fan habit.
Leave the gun.
5, 6, 7.
Let's get this post mocha today.
Man, you people are brain dead.
It's just pathetic.
I think the one suggestion on here make them move to satellite.
Can you imagine what we could be doing?
Oh, then there will be something to happen.
Because I don't have a real agent.
I don't have a chance in hell.
But if that would happen.
At least suppose we have like 100 lines.
And I bet you they'll be working too.
There'll be a real engineer involved in every one of the lines we have.
And I think that would be actual functioning as opposed to sitting here day after day.
Oh, is line whatever going to get fixed is ever going to work again?
No.
And they go like, no chance.
You kidding me?
What's wrong with you?
Will you stop complaining already?
And I'll say, okay, just send me the money.
No problem.
And they do.
I'm happy.
W-E-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Q-A-M.
Neil God.
Yes sir, speaking.
I am a longtime fan and a very good person.
And I am here to tell you that I only listen to your show on terrestrial radio now.
And I am right.
Next one.
And I am telling you as a friend because I have taped you for the past 15 years.
Wow.
And I listen to your old shows and I listen to your new shows and you've still got it.
I got it.
But if you could get on top of that light, but it would be unbelievable.
It's not going to happen.
What?
Look, it...
Where are you going to say it?
You know, sometimes I feel like a shy.
You've been complaining for years that you have a crappy manager.
You'll bookshup and get a new manager and let's get this on the road.
Your show can be so much better on satellite.
Period.
Let me say it to you again.
It isn't going to happen.
Read my lips, okay?
Which one of those words didn't you understand?
Which one?
I'll repeat it for you several times in many languages if you like.
It isn't going to happen.
Just like you were supposed to retire 10 years ago and just like this and just have a good time.
No, no, no.
See, retirement is a choice.
In other words, I'll retire when I'm good and ready to retire.
I mean, I could retire right now.
I'm not going to miss any meals, believe me.
You've got tons of money.
So go back to the art of the way your show should be and even further than that.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
The art of the way your show should be?
What does that mean?
Like, art link letter?
What are you talking about?
Let's face it.
I mean, I'm a little bit saved.
And the show is still 80% of what it used to be.
Come on.
I mean, you still got the talent.
You can't even play part sounds anymore.
Let me tell you something.
Okay.
I don't really care if we ever played another part sound.
I don't care whether it's 80%, 70%, 92%, and a half percent, 95%, 30%.
My turn, man.
As long as the paycheck is like way more than it used to be, that's all I care about.
That's the only thing that puts bananas on my table.
Now, how about that paycheck with an even better show on satellite theory?
It's not going to.
Let me stand against her for the 8-minute time.
Well, goodbye.
So what are we moving?
I'm moving his ass right off the window.
It's where I'm moving him.
Jesus, God, how do you like to be married with him?
I'll be poor.
Our 10 women out there are all the guys.
Holy moly.
Bop, bop, bop.
I mean, this is what you deal with.
People who just don't listen.
They won't listen to me.
Okay, listen to me.
Listen to me.
And they won't listen.
See, I've been talking on here for 31 years in town.
But there are people who've got it tuned in.
My voice is coming through their speaker.
Audible, they can hear me.
There's a difference between hearing me and listening.
You see what I'm saying?
Listen to me.
Right, exactly.
Just like Howard Beal would say, listen to me.
And they're hearing, but they're not listening.
What?
Exactly.
QAM, hello.
See you here.
There's a good example of it.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Any other?
Yes, sir.
Okay, did you catch, come on television last night after
they found Scooter Libby guilty?
One of the jurors was saying that Scooter Libby will shift
a patty and that call rope should be there, maybe cheating.
He actually had some cahoney for say that.
The juror.
Also, that was pretty funny.
A lot of people, when you said to the guy,
you treat him like a child.
Anyway, Neon, I'm out of material and you're a big savage.
Okay.
I thought he was going to say a silly savage, but he can get that far.
Oh my god.
Sometimes I feel like a little child, especially like that previous call.
Sometimes I feel myself.
Oh, god.
The way QAM, hello.
Yes, sir.
One of my favorites in that, I was your Godfather Gratford.
He's a tremendous face, as he's saying.
I was out of breath and I was taken hostage.
That's not a tremendous.
That's not a tremendous.
I mean, not a giant, a thank you five angel.
Frankie, a pentangely man.
He's such a beaten man at that point.
They're taken hostage.
But I mean, not being the hockey man.
I have a question for you regarding Ted Nolan.
Yeah.
HBO did a real forcing the other night on him.
I don't know if you saw it.
No, I did not.
I don't want to watch HBO.
Okay.
And I said he wouldn't be watching about Ted Nolan.
There were a lot of, and I don't know anything about this.
But there were a lot of rumors as far as why he was black balls from the league for nine years.
But do you know what it was?
It was womanizing his drinking.
Because they were supposedly at a very hostile relationship with management
as a result he alienated everybody who was in position to hire him.
Supposedly, I don't know.
Maybe it's because he had that engine thing.
Who knows?
Well, that's what he was saying.
It says, oh, it's all because of my native American heritage.
That's it.
Most of the guys are, you gotta kill us.
That's right.
But I had heard other things too, not any specifics about him.
Like, you know, banging people all over town and like boozing it up.
Well, what's wrong with banging people all over town?
What's wrong with that?
Why would that get your black balls?
Exactly.
If you're boned.
Thank you.
Have a great day, pal.
Okay. Well, there's the hockey talk for it more than enough.
925 votes on a pool.
Like I said, we're gonna be creeping toward that thousand mark by the top of the arm.
I would say this pool on scale of zero.
And it's okay.
It's fine.
Yeah, it's fine.
You know, one of these people out there, and I appreciate everybody who sends in a pool idea.
I've got a nice nifty pile of them here.
By the way, I've also got Tammy's back from yesterday.
I might just want to read again.
Oh boy, don't pick me.
Have my junior, honey.
Hey, did you see that story about the duck with four legs?
Yeah, that was freaky.
What did they call that?
Basta, back.
I know.
It's caused by some sort of, oh, what's it called?
Basta, back.
It's not genetic.
It's, it's, um,
Basta, back.
Basta, back.
No.
It's an evolutionary mutation.
Wait, no.
Basta, back.
I don't know what they call it, but hey.
Do you think it'll make the duck taste better?
Basta!
Oh, greasy.
Oh, well, I couldn't stand.
If you paid me a zinny dollars, I wouldn't have duck.
No, I'll pass.
Like a lot of Chinese restaurants, they have all kinds of duck, you know.
Duck and it's a dark, greasy meat.
Yeah, a dark meat.
First of all, I like the white meat, like a chicken or a turkey or whatever.
White meat.
No dark meat.
Toads are best for good.
935 votes on a pool is 1130, which means that a half an hour we're going to be right up close,
and it goes right to 1,000.
And I bet you Joe Bell is going to be running up and down the hallway.
Oh, Neil's got a fuzz and I love those poles.
In fact, Joe's a big deal on the poles.
Remember, I totally got that email from him one day about a pool.
Shocking, quite frankly.
You think he did more important things to be taken care of.
56670560 and pound 560 in the Verizon singular right on the slide.
I'd like to see a real flurry of costs today.
You know, it's middle of the weekend, of course.
We got four full hours today.
I get kind of spoiled when we get those short shows like yesterday.
And then again, tomorrow, we get out of here at 1.30.
Because we got the UM at Maryland Backsyball game from the ACC turning in Tampa tomorrow.
The game doesn't start till 2, but we got to, thankfully, a pregame hurricane warm up at 1.30.
Because clearance likes to be on the air a lot.
And you're figuring out you can probably do a lot to really screw up my ratings.
Rating's on Friday, by the way, the trend, the trend, which is November, December, January,
a friend, or get a trend.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Any idea on one observation about the Echalians today?
You know, I applaud Patrick Costare off of getting the four out of five convictions.
But for him to stand up there from the microphones and say that no one above the law is laughable at best.
If that was true, then our fewer drop chaining and the rest of the push-water will be in prison.
Right now for crime against humanity and democracy.
What do you think about that, huh?
What do I think about that?
Oh, huh.
5670560, I think it was very profound on your part, sir.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi.
Is Neil available?
He's speaking right now.
Oh, Neil, that's great.
Mr. Mayor, I'm from Rebuya calling.
And I'm hoping Mr. Mayor, what does that mean, sir?
Let me give you that hand.
I am the senior collector of my hands.
I am the member of Bealian America.
I'm the one who always wants to call in when you have a question about restaurants or history here.
I understand.
Well, only the one who always wants to call in.
Do you call interviews wide-fired?
No, no, I call in, but the phones are always so tied up, so I'm delighted I got through these words.
What is your chance today?
Well, that's great, because this week three of my books have been published in one week.
Miami's the Magic City?
The Insane Out.
I made a tragic city.
That sounds right on.
Well, that's actually the name of it.
Miami's the Magic City.
From San Bartis sophistication, the story of Sunny Al's Beach.
And historic photographs.
No, three on my own.
And what's the other one?
Historic photographs of greater Miami.
Historic photographs of Miami, yeah.
Yes, sir.
All three in the same week.
First time in the history of Florida that one author is at the point.
Well, let me ask you this question, Osea.
I thought you were calling and telling me about something and calling and to plug your books, though, Osea.
No, no, I'm just calling course.
You know that there's some happy news.
Well, happy news for what was it?
I mean, some happy news.
So why is it happy news for me?
Well, hopefully happy news for anybody interested in the history of Miami.
Because happy news?
Yes.
Well, listen, seriously, why can't you just admit it?
I let you put all that stuff out there.
Which is great.
Why can't you just admit, well, see there you go.
Why can't you just admit it?
You called it and said you could plug your books.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Well, thank you.
You know, you know, you know, I mean, you didn't say it.
I want you to say it.
I say it and I want to share it with you and the listeners more than anything.
And one I want to share with anybody.
You don't want to share you want to make a few bucks because you wrote three books.
I don't blame you for that.
That was wrong with that.
But why are you embarrassed and ashamed that you want to make bucks off of a butcher's mind.
I want to make bucks, but remember, these are not novels.
The royalties are so minimal on these.
It sounds pretty novel to me.
No, it's terrific as always.
Yes, I am.
Well, good luck, you pal.
You'll make it.
Thank you.
I want to make a bunch of crap like that.
Especially the thing about Sunny Owls Beach.
Woo-hoo!
Man, I'm going to go find me a bench and feed the pigeons and read that book about Sunny Owls Beach.
What a beach that'll be, huh?
That can't wait.
I'm sure everybody is on their way racing right now.
They're on a way to Walden Books and Borders and what's the other one?
Barnes and Noble.
Barnes and Noble and not so noble and Chip Noble, the third and all these other drivers.
941 votes on that poll.
Everybody's getting good advice from me, so the poll says.
I don't know whether they offer years of having to give you a good advice, but they don't listen to me.
They used to, not on the station, though.
Since Neil always offers this good advice, if I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice, one piece, it would be.
Neil doesn't need advice.
He knows it all 313.
That's right.
Now, that guy they called before, seriously.
It's almost like my mother came back with a different voice, you know, from the grave.
If you would just go to serious, if you get a new manager, I don't have any problem.
I'm ready to extend for another 10 years right now.
Okay, I'm very happy to come in here.
My box is short, it's right out of bed every day.
Brush my teeth, shave, take a nice shower, sit down and just to do my thing here.
That's all.
Life is good.
I'm very few complaints of any.
In fact, if I had a good day, would I, today, I'd be ecstatic.
I'd be dancing like a jig in a hole.
Make the move to the board.
You say, if you're sick, you heard dancing, I said.
Make the move to the satellite 156.
See, you know what the funny part of this is?
What?
All of these people are saying this and are voting on here.
They're listening to me right now.
What's the problem?
Can you hear me?
I mean, well, I don't get it.
So, if I were to stay around 150, stay the hell off of my space, 123.
Likely story.
Move back to Miami 50, even far, unlikely, or story.
Return now, 41.
Go straight 35, impossible story.
I hate this full 34, 3.5%.
That's not bad.
I'll stop gambling 21 right after woodbind today until the next time I go until Saturday.
And stay off the ice cream 20 out of 946.
I bet you're fine with fresher.
We got like 949.
See, right on the verge.
We're like getting close, baby.
Getting close to 1,000.
Then they will fear us like crazy.
I don't know if you know what I mean.
What do you mean?
Thank you.
I feel cheated.
Michael.
You sitting high up in the Sierra mountains, and you drinking...
What's he drinking?
Champagne.
Champagne, Champagne cocktail.
And you're best in judgment on how I got my fame.
To a family, yeah.
And God, I put their number and a collion in it.
It's a present for every municipality causing you a family.
I'm on it in Miami.
No man's a car.
No man's a Las Vegas.
And no man's in Miami.
No man's in Miami, baby.
That's what he's saying.
And then there was a lot of weight.
That's our new diet.
It's a Frankie Pantangely diet.
No mind's in Miami.
You're QAM, hello.
That's hell.
Yes, sir.
How you doing today?
I'm feeling sensational.
You're phone...
No, I'm like it.
Oh, man, that phone is bad.
My phone's bad.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
That's kind of a...
No.
Okay, good luck, you sir.
Go on and get a real phone.
Or a cheap as hell, man.
You'd be amazed.
They give them away.
You'll find some kind of a contract.
They got a real phone.
They got a scam for you.
They'll give you 10 phones.
And they'll show you where to stick them to.
They'll be decided like that's where he was calling from.
The horrible.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, they got it.
I want you to go on zero.
He just wants to hear you turn the microphone and use the app word.
That's all I had.
I guess so.
He's getting up and I don't even play the cards on the computer.
He's getting up.
Who cares?
That's the phone we asked today.
That's the phone we asked today.
Anybody who's sitting there for earning co-backs is...
What?
You know what?
You know, the co-backs was a freaking genius.
Yeah, but he died 100 years ago for crying out loud.
These people did it in the normal from Ernie Kova.
I know, but he had him for it.
He was 50 years old a lot of his time.
I mean, you want a full Ernie Kova, I say, and you know, he's about now where everybody else is.
Yeah.
He was great.
Yeah.
Anyways, I know I have nothing else to say out of a serial.
Yeah.
Okay, so you two, see.
So what do you really say that guy?
30QIM, hello.
QAM.
Hold on, let me change the delay down.
Anyhow, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
I like this headboard on the pole, but that's not what I call it.
You know what I'm saying?
The clips, the news, the kids smoking the little, their little kids out with the weed that everyone's stripping on?
What is it?
There's some guys that are letting their little two-year-old kids smoke a weed.
The news keeps playing it over and over.
Have you seen it at all?
No.
Oh, well, they got these highlights and the news keeps showing it over and over.
I want to know when they're going to start going off on these yalus that teach their little kids a shoot gun.
They act like that's the worst crime they've ever seen.
Well, I mean, I don't know if you're smoking well.
What about if you're smoking weed and shooting at it at the same time?
No.
Yeah, I don't like this kind of thing.
Hey, only if I knew it would just keep doing what you're doing.
And go see the party.
It's all that guy's you want to know, history of Miami, ranked cocaine cowboy.
It doesn't nearly ever come with a turkey bacon because I'm-
See ya, pal.
See ya.
Wow, gobble gobble.
957 on a pool.
I bet you if I refresh it.
It's going to be nine.
You'll see nine, 60.
I knew it.
I knew it.
What's the nine, 60 on the dial, ain't nothing.
Twenty-till noon at QM, we got kind of a pristine schedule today until we got 650 to Marlins and LA.
LA Dodgers and LA Angels and LA Somebody in Jupiter, man.
It's going to be a real audience.
What's the biggest name?
The passengers aboard Pacific Air 121 are facing something evil.
Attention passengers.
I'm afraid there's still no sign we'll be pulling away from the gate any time soon.
And it's far worse than venomous snakes.
Also, both of the app laboratories are out of service.
And we're out of snacks and beverages.
Wait on the plane, starring Samuel O. Jackson.
Enough is enough.
Out of head with this mother-f**king genital weight on this mother-f**k light.
Wait on the plane, now sitting on a tour of Mac near you.
Oh yeah, that's always my favorite.
Just like when I flew back here and I looked my coat down there, my winter coat in Florida.
Couple weeks to go, whatever the hell was.
And we get here 15 minutes early, okay?
And you're thinking, all right, this is good.
But then you sit there and you're waiting.
Well, there's a plane at our gate, which has got the technical problems.
And they can't get back it out of there.
And you sit there and you wait, how about all those people?
What was it, seven or eight hours that set on a plane?
Like ten or more, I heard.
Was it?
Yeah.
I mean, I can't believe that people were riding.
No tea rooms, no snacks, no nothing.
Of course, they don't want to feed those people because then there have been real amests.
964 on the pool, but hey, you know, like you got a choice, they have a captive audience.
Steve Young writes, and the Smirking Chimp, yes, I am crazy, Mr. O'Reilly.
They crazy like your network.
He says, here's today's talking point.
Yesterday, a column I had written for the Huffington Post about the Walter Reed scandal was reprinted
in the Philadelphia Inquirer Op-Ed pages.
And then I pointed out that, among others, Bill O'Reilly had not held the Republican Congress accountable
for a veteran administration cutbacks over the past six years.
And definitely critiquing what I had written, Bill told his radio audience, that I was a crazy guy.
I had worked for years trying to keep that quiet, so to say I was traumatized,
I didn't know how crazy people can get.
Then Bill said that everyone says I'm crazy.
To find out that not only was my secret, I put now that everyone knows it made me all the more crazy.
I don't think I know more than 10% of everyone yet learning that everyone knows me just shows I've been my public relations guy is.
I would have hoped that they would know me more for my TV writing than just being crazy,
but then Bill told his audience that I wasn't a TV writer.
Well, thank you very much, Bill.
Now I'm guessing that the Robert Wood Foundation will want back the Prisma Word they gave me for the primetime TV show.
I thought I wrote about alcoholism in kids.
Well, Steve.
Hey, hey, hey!
About alcoholism in kids.
Or the Humanitas award committee surely would repeal my nomination.
For writing a TV show that affirms the human person, probes the meaning of life and enlightens the use of human freedom.
Worst or writers guild will probably stop sending those residual checks that some other steve young should be getting.
I do wonder though, why Bill's cracked research team didn't check IMDB.com.
Perhaps Bill that dealt the every once in a while crazy card is hyperbole,
kind of like when I wrote about Bill's pension to blame everything on the Washington Post, New York Times, the ACLU in Frank Rich,
and that they would feel the wrath of an outrage Bill Riley for some impoverary connection to the scandal.
That was when Bill Riley and Bill Foxx, Bill's Fox psychics said the entire article was crazy.
That one really hurt because it's not like his psychics agree with almost everything he said.
But Bill then his audience was with a biggie.
Not only was I not a television writer, I was just a blogger.
I don't want to cast any more spursons on the blogger profession.
God knows the spursons are about the only compensation most bloggers received, but just a blogger?
Although I have more agents than anyone else in the unemployment line, I'm as much just a blogger as Bill is.
In fact, if we were honest and since we are both in the media, how can I do Bill or I be otherwise?
We're spectacularly alike.
We are both publishers, published authors of kids and adult books.
My book, Great Fagures of the Extremely Successful, became required reading in the literature and success program at the Wharton School of Business.
Bill's book became required reading at the Heritage Foundation.
Okay, Heritage or comment is hyperbole, but just in case one of the folks is reading.
We both have radio shows. One of them was honest and full of good stuff. The other is still on the air.
We both have a rast younger woman with sexless plus-of-phone calls. Bill settled out of court and my wife didn't sue me.
I went on a wrong show. Bill created his own.
I write a ridiculous column that appears every Sunday in the LA Daily News Op-Ed page, so does Bill.
Fact is I've written for TV. Bill writes facts for his own TV show.
Not every album that appears every Sunday in the LA Daily News Op-Ed page, so does Bill.
Fact is I've written for TV. Bill writes facts for his own TV show.
Not every fact mind you is fact. But then again, I have written every TV show.
And the similarity which will paint Bill to no end to read, we both have appeared on the factor more than once.
Crazy guy? Tates one to no one. And that's a memo.
So, speaking of some little bit of the PO there, Bill.
Little bit. He thought of me and calls him Bill O.
The worst person in the world. I wonder how many times he's won that award on that.
About third man.
Keith Oberman, countdown show.
970 on a poll here.
You've got to be unsurious, Neil. You've got to be unsurious and examin'.
You've got to get a new agent out.
I'm not so sure that last part is absolutely wrong but never less.
You know that normally he's got the issues.
You're fair.
Since Neil always offers us good advice, if I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice it would be,
Neil doesn't need advice. He knows it all. He's been 21.
Exactly a third of this audience thinks that I know it all.
Is that, I mean, wow, the ultimate.
You know, oh, there's a speaker there. There's Robin Marciano.
Right there on CNN.
Make the move to satellite 157.
Do it! Just do it!
Baaah! Baaah!
That guy was like, you know, he couldn't even keep his straight face.
He was laughing at his own material, you know.
That's how ridiculous he was. He was good.
Don't ever retire 156.
Stay the hell off my space, 127.
Move back to Miami 50.
Retire now, 43.
Go straight, 37.
I hate this pull 34, 3.5%.
Stay off the ice cream 24 and stop gambling 21.
Oh, but I'm going off to a woodbite and two o'clock sharp.
Man, I'll be off that door.
30 seconds passed to you.
You know the routine on Wednesday.
Yes, I do.
I get the shirt on and the pantaloonies.
And bye-bye, one out of 30.
I'm not going to have to buy down.
So, it's not even noon yet. Are you crazy or what?
Yeah.
Like that guy.
And then put the shoes on at about 130.
And then I get, and about, the last break is going to go out there.
And I get my winter coat.
And I'm sure I got my woodbine wallet that's got all the cash in it, you know,
and all the tickets from the previous to the times.
The winning ticket set is.
And my pills.
I got one, I got it down to a science man.
You want to see how organized I am on woodbine Wednesday and woodbine Saturday.
And I go out there and plunge my guts out and have just a whale of a time.
5.670560. Well, I've said to this phone to Joel,
that we've had some excellent calls that I would say.
Especially that one.
It's going to be tough to top him.
Give me a stop. I'm new-age.
He's been taping me for 15 years.
So, what's the problem?
And he says that he was 80% of what it was before.
I'll take 80% you know, considering we got joy,
and we got this whole, the FCC and all this other crap,
and all the censors self-appointed and otherwise.
I think 80% ain't too bad.
And when you got 400% on the paycheck,
that sounds like a pretty good tradeoff to me.
In fact, I'll tell you what.
If they want to double my salary, I'll come in tomorrow,
and I won't even say,
I'm here, how's that?
And if they want to triple it, I won't say anything.
How's that sound?
That sounds great.
5.670560.560.
I've been rising in singular wireless line.
And boy, I'm not touching it line nine.
Why can't we fix line one and get rid of that line nine?
Why can't we get rid of it?
That's the only one that's flashed from right now.
You know what it's going to be?
Is there any doubt in your mind?
Sure I am.
Is there any doubt in your mind?
I'm looking at, huh?
I'm looking at that phone bank,
and I'm looking at it and feels like we've...
I think maybe that guy was right.
So, I'm just going to just delve back into my polyurethane.
I don't think they want to talk today.
I'm actually going to kind of a roller.
We had maybe like a two in one in a row.
They always load you into a fault sense of security.
Meaning what?
You know, when you get on a roll there
and you get a few calls,
crazy as they might be.
Come in to QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I'm looking for Neil.
Speaking.
That's Neil, what's going on about it?
How are you doing, pal?
I'm doing pretty good.
I got a question for you.
And I actually question statement.
I'm flipping over the station.
Don't mean to sound like I'm not loyal,
but I'm flipping over the other station
to another one of these talk show guys.
It's like...
It's like the bullies on the playground.
Everybody noticed these guys?
No, I don't like them.
I don't like them.
Oh, I know you though.
Then you shouldn't.
It's like I'm a boy.
I got to listen to them to see what kind of freaking idiots they are.
They're like talking about an oscillate being taken off the adage.
It goes, well screw there.
They need to die anyways.
If it's between me and the oscillate, they got to die.
But they're just...
I mean, every apart,
they don't believe in global warming.
They don't believe in...
So then why are you listening to them?
I don't know what I got to do.
I've been trying to listen to them.
I know there's spewing cock.
I don't need to listen to it too.
It's like rotten fish.
I don't need to eat it.
It's going to taste bad.
True, that's very true.
But it's almost like they're going by that accident.
It's got to just kind of look to see what it is.
I've got to listen to that freaking rush.
Everyone wants to see what I'm freaking idiot.
Oh, okay.
Well, let me know in a couple of weeks if he's still a freaking idiot.
See, that's just...
I mean...
Oh, it just leaves me limp when I hear that.
Yeah, I've got to listen to him just to see if he's still a freaking idiot.
No, somebody texted with a magic wand and he stopped popping a pill.
They stopped whatever the hell he's doing and all of a sudden he's a genius now.
He's stopping the hateful right wing bastard is what he did not.
It leaves me limp at my advanced stage.
Of course, almost anything does that.
But it is...
I need the other pool.
But we're getting really close to a thousand.
Now I'm going to get up here and dance.
I'm going to dance all around the room just like in the Godfather.
I'm going to dance with a heaven Roth.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hello.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Oh!
That was him, too, by the way.
Yes, it was.
That's good. W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, hi. My name is Sid.
I'd like to talk to Uncle Neil.
Okay, this is Uncle Neil, but we don't do names.
So this isn't Sid Levin, though, is it?
Oh, no. I don't know.
No, that's right. You don't do names.
Right.
I like to talk to Sid.
I'd like to talk to Sid.
This isn't Sid from Cross the Street, Rosencranstein, where he was short.
Is it?
No, man.
Oh, no, no, no.
No, no. This is Sidney from Weston and...
Well, let's go to Sidney and Weston.
How are you doing, Sidney?
Okay. How are you?
I'm doing good.
I just want to say that I love listening to your show.
Anytime I get out of this time of day, you're on.
And you speak the truth.
You lay it out like it is.
And you do it with a great sense of humor.
But that humor is the tragedy that comedy comes from,
because I really believe your person who cares about our society.
Yeah, am I going to change it?
No.
But you give people something to think about.
You are going to change it?
Am I going to change the world?
No.
But yeah, you give people things to think about.
You know, I throw it out there and they think about it for a second.
Or then they wonder, well, what time's the American Idol going to be on the night?
And who is this still on there?
And when the house clay ache into it, is he still aching it?
But anyway.
Thanks very much, Palli.
God bless you, man.
And God bless you, too.
Like Tiny Tim said, who else is it?
Neil God.
God bless us all or whatever he said.
Who said that?
What's Tiny Tim said?
What's Tiny Tim said?
That the individual is going to be on the show.
And then he says, Scrooge.
Oh, man, I've been Scrooge.
That's what Mokeh said.
Dodo Dodo.
Maybe that explains a lot.
WDQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, sir.
How are you doing?
Good.
Good.
The pocket chose me with it.
And Franky, when he testifies before the Senate subcommittee.
Yeah.
And they say, I didn't know no Godfather.
Yeah.
Michael Coyle only did this and Michael Coyle only did that.
I said, yeah, sure.
Why is he feeding back to me the same thing I've said 45 million times on a show?
Why is he feeding?
You think it's because they have no material?
Some interest of equal time.
The following is the official gay response to Tim Hardaway.
I hate basketball players.
I don't like to be around basketball players.
I'm hyperphobic.
They're tall.
They're muscular.
They have sinewy cast muscles.
They're sweaty from going up and down and up and down the hardwood all night long without getting tired.
I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the teeny-shower together playing men to men.
Just thinking about it.
I'm thinking about it right now.
And...
Wow!
Never mind!
I'll tell you one thing.
If I wanted to change a human race, I know South Florida would be the perfect place to do it.
Not.
It wouldn't be a good place to start.
Boy, talk about it. No, it would not.
It would be the last place to start.
Talk about a land of indifference.
Talk about people with their...
The ostrich tower where everybody's got their head very deep in the sand.
That's what I'm saying.
They need some changing.
Come on, Neil. Change them.
Oh, Raspberry.
GM Target's 2010 production for electric car.
Well, you know, I'm all for the electric car, however, however.
Yeah.
I'm...
What I've seen so far about some of them cars where you like to charge up the battery and you'd rather have about two blocks and then you've got to find a place to go and charge it up again.
I don't know.
It's better than it used to be, but it's still not quite there.
And of course, definitely by design.
It's not what it could be.
General Motors has said a target for production of an all-electric car in 2010.
GM's product, Chief and Vice Chairman Bob Loot, said yesterday, or is that a Lutz?
Oh, Loot's.
Loot's said the major uncertainty facing the Chevrolet Volt, a concept vehicle GM unveiled in January, was whether a lithium ion batteries can be developed to power economically and safely.
Well, well, can you imagine what Sally Fisk had it with one of the batteries?
They don't.
A running Volt prototype is expected by the end of 2007.
He said that it and the GM would take the unusual step of opening much of its development process to the media.
We've sent an integral and internal target of production in 2010.
Whether we can make that or not, this is still kind of unpredictable program for us to look at the reporters on the sidelines of the Geneva Auto Show.
We added, we're sort of outside our comfort zone.
Whatever that means.
I don't know what that means.
GM Detailed and Sprawged plans for the all-electric Volt at the Detroit Auto Show, but the world's number one automaker declined then.
This goes to production timeline.
Some critics and competitors question whether GM, which has been hurt recently by its association with gas, gas-guzling SUVs and trucks, would produce the Volt, or might just look to capitalize on the favorable attention that its concept car generated.
Competitors who write this off as a PR exercise are going to be brutally surprised, Loot said, and it's going to be brutal, baby.
Electric cars, including plug-in hybrid, like the older drones, strong support from U.S. environmental groups, which see such vehicles as the way we do oil consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, since they can't be recharged with power drawn or can be.
See, this is a typo, and of course that's the most important word in the sense, since they can be recharged with power drawn from a cleaner burning electric grid.
That's what it's supposed to say.
Idiots.
GM scrapped an earlier experiment with electric car market in California is the EV-1, an unpopular decision that made it to target a criticism, and the 2006 documentary, Who Kill the Electric Car?
I saw that right after Who Killed Contraven, it was pretty good.
So who did?
But GM build the Volt as a return to the once-failed idea of a mass market electric car.
The Volt is intended to draw its power exclusively from a next generation battery pack capable of being recharged by a small onboard engine or a normal electric allowable.
GM said it's aiming for the Volt to be able to run for 40 miles on pure electric power, meaning many communities would be able to get through a day without using gasoline or gasoline.
Lut said GM's initial work had shown that the production version of the Volt would have to shed some of the Volt-style encuasing the concept to clean the extreme front placement of the wheels.
I know we can't make the production car look like the concept, but you said the whole shape of the car is going to have to be a little more traditional.
Lut also said there was still a chance that the concept could prove unworkable.
I would say there's still a 10% chance this will fail. He said all depending on how much they get smeared by the oil company.
When you say that with a 10% exchange it upon, that's what I would say. But then I go what do I know?
Let's see how we're doing. I bet you we got our thousand votes are very close to it.
Now mine says 998 and I refresh it and it says 999. Oh, this is the moment that you wait for.
These are the kind of radio moments that everybody in America, whether it's on satellite or serious or not quite so serious or whatever it is or on crappy AM.
Let me refresh your one more time. We got a thousand votes.
All right. Was that an exciting moment or what? God. Almost had an accident with my knee cam. Almost banged it on the counter here.
5671. Let's get with it. You people. What is your story out there? We're here trying to help the human race survive. Like that guy said.
We're socially conscious or unconscious in some ways. And of course what does this have to do with ball games like that stupid U.M.
Irland basketball game at 130 tomorrow.
Why can't they do like a two hour pregame show if they want to do a hurricane form up? Why not do it like so?
Don't mean. No, no two sounds excellent. I mean how can you build up the excitement and the drama?
You're right for that game. We can only start at 130. How you don't have time to really build it up.
I'm not the lot of four play. That's right. We have a little basketball four play. WQ AM. Hello or four play Q.I.M.
Neil. Yeah. How are you? Good. Is this Neil? I can't quite tell your voice. Show me your ID. Yeah. Here you go.
Okay. Here it is. Neil. Would you be? Why would you go through that? Who else would it be? Who is it?
You had a very big echo in the line. Neil. Yeah. Sounds good. It makes sense. There is a belt of mail. I'm both ends. Neil.
I did you in. Okay. Well, either one. Be kind enough to explain that you go through quarterly or periodically these ratings.
Yeah. Would you be kind enough to explain to the layman what they mean? In other words, is a 3.9? Does that mean a multiple of so many people?
In other words, if you get a share, the number you get is the share of the people listening at that given time percentage.
But would you understand on the basis of that? How many people that would mean? You might not know that. How many people would mean? Well, we can tell you how many people would mean average quarter hour.
No. I can't say. I can't say what a 3.9 share would mean. It depends on what time of day the number changes. It changes at the depending on what time of day it is.
Right. That's a percentage of the audience listening at that time and that changes during the course of the day. Those numbers.
Yeah. I did one of these Neilson survey things last year. Yeah. Which by the way, I took care of you that that would be and George even.
What do you mean what what do you mean took care of me? We're not a Neilson doesn't read radio. Well, I got this thing in the mail and I had my son threw it out 10 to 2.
I'm a trumpet. Not a trumpet. That was it. I love you then. Like I said. No, I did. We filled it up and even did the baseball guys some good.
Which I thought was, you know, helpful. That was very generous of you. Yes. But Neil, the question then if I may ask what is it? Go ahead. You are very defensive.
I mean, we love you because you help us. You're kind of arbitrary at times. You know, I'm trying to try to run. But what? How many people listen to your show?
You're not sure. No, not 30. How many? Yes. You think here's the answer you want. Yeah.
What differences and make? Why do you care how many people listen to the show? I'm just curious. Yeah. Because when you mentioned these whole numbers and what do you mean?
I mean, I mean, you're not patient. You're smart. I said, I'm a trying to be a
lot of people. I'm not doing it. I should I misspoke. But you think you think there's 50,000 people listening to us right now?
Could be. Okay. That's really what I wanted to know. And I do want you to know that we all like you.
Even though I'm arbitrary and capricious and a real fat piece of turd. Why? I wouldn't know anything about that. But you're very well suited for radio shows.
I know that's same. I certainly my face and body are suited for radio. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. I think it will help. Okay.
Holy moly rat man. It's more than I can take. It's a hard you. Loots not. Not. No, hard you. Lots that this is not correct.
Well, you people are I'm doing to be arbitrary and capricious again, but Jesus got almighty. And the guy's name.
What difference does it make how he finishes his name for crying out loud? Who the hell cares the guy from general movies? My God. Talk about.
See, this is the kind of and the other guy says that I'm going to change the world that I'm giving people food for thought.
We're talking about electric cars, which we should have had years and years ago. So we weren't dependent on these ragheads with the snicken damn Saudi oil and all this other crap going on.
And this guy is worried about whether I pronounce the guy from GM right? Is it lute, is it love? Who gives a flying fig man? Jesus. God almighty get a life. You nut job.
Takes the time. You know, if we are what's the use, you know, if you ask an important question, it's like it's like pulling teeth.
It's like ringing hands. It's like having nervous breakdown and try to get a response.
But something where they can have a chance to nitpick, I would much rather nose pick than nitpick, at least nose picking, you know, like clean house.
WQ a.m. Hello. Capricious. My capricious got big old rails and a B.B.I. would be.
WQ. WQ. M. Hello. Nail. You remember that movie, the reincarnation of prop leader? Yeah, I do. Yeah.
Wouldn't he bring in his own daughter in that movie? Yes. That's fine. Okay, well, okay. You have a good time. All right. We got to the road now. Yeah. We're smoking now. WQ. I am. Hello.
Hey, Nail. Yes. Hey, you're going to have an open casket or be cremated. What do you think? I don't know. What do you think?
Can I cremate you? Yeah. I'll let you know what we stand by. Okay. When you're going to have a nose gay as you are. Aren't you? Spreemated? Yeah.
First love and votes on the pool. We're not doing too shabby on there. We're very silly pool. Well, do you think Nail is a genius? Do you think Nail is a A-hole? Do you think Nail is a whatever?
And you think Nail really cares what you think? That's the best part because the answer is not really no as long as I get paid.
I know one of those people that worries a lot about what other people think. Oh, you know, that Nail is such a... he's so capricious and arbitrary and an arbitrary.
But thanks for your help, pal. Okay. He thought of the Nielsen. I mean, that guy was a little a little bit confused, I would say.
And when he said, you think 50,000 people listening to us right now, I think he was more concerned about whether they were listening to the sound of his voice.
I think we'll follow him. Somebody, hey, 50,000 people. Yeah, I heard you on the Niel show today. Wow. And then what? You know, what after that?
What happens after that? You look to know what his ratings are.
Provinces past noon to QAIM. This is the reward for the late nights in the weekend hours. This is the reward for making sure you were always first to arrive and last to leave.
This is the reward for your talent, your potential. Ever since you were young, you knew what you wanted. You knew what it was going to take together.
So go ahead, call Mercedes-Benz and Pomato at 1-800-New Bans and begin the most exceptional event you're incurring.
Mercedes-Benz and Pomato is more than just a purchase. It's the ultimate reward, the ultimate trophy. You don't need to show the world you're successful.
They already see that. This is for you. This is what you're where you always wanted to be behind the wheel of a finite craft in Mercedes-Benz.
That doesn't just fulfill your needs, it anticipates them. Right now, explore the stunning 2007 GL-450 winner of Carren Driver's Best Lush ReSUV Award.
Call 1-800-New Bans and learn lots more. Make an appointment with Mercedes-Benz and Pomato Professional. Make your time count.
Call 1-800-New Bans today. That's any WB-E-N-Z. 1-800-New Bans. This is the reward. This is Mercedes-Benz of Pomato.
The pectored lady and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Jim Carrey returns to the big school in a world that will scare you silly.
Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me? Me
You think that the theater you will say... Do not go in that! Whoa! Uh!
Kind of like how you say when you get to the Q&A building. Do not go in there. Especially on days when they were going to the Tar Baby thing. Now are they all done with that stuff or what? Uh, there's still up on the roof. They're up on the roof. Where's the crying shame, man? I think after all these days you have that from me already? No, I can't find it. But you don't. Anywhere. I'm chicken, I couldn't give it for you. By the way, if... If La Migra is anywhere nearby, I might want to come and raid our roof.
What are you talking about? And what's that sound I'm hearing? The microwave. The microwave is making those sounds. Chris was microwaving the sandwich. Yeah. So anyway, no tar yet. Chris is microwaving a sandwich. What kind of a sandwich? Just the hamburger. With a bun? Yes. Ah! Oh my God, I'm going to sit down on the floor and have a nervous collapse. I'm going to have a spank. I'm going to sit down and have a nervous collapse. I'm going to sit down and have a nervous collapse. I'm going to sit down and have a nervous collapse.
What is wrong with you, man? Well, I give you the addkins information. You don't want it. You want to be... How did you lose the weight? Jenny Craig. Corky doughnut. I love like Chris the alley. I eat cookie dough and fettuccine. And I like crap. Fettuccine just cookie doughnut. I like fettuccine. In fact, I like any kind of pasta. But I can't eat it. You know what I mean? You know something. Even the dream feels. I keep getting all this. One thing that really bugs me about spam is it really spam when it's
something that you do business with. Yes. It is. You can opt out usually in those emails. There's a little line that says opt out or unsubscribably. I don't want to be a sick intern. The worst offenders of all is Omaha Stakes, man. You would think that they had about 80-per-tonnes of rotting carcassly and around an Omaha somewhere. And they just can't get rid of it for a lover of money. Just air reach, stink in dates. And I look at it as Omaha Stakes. And then of course the same thing with the dream feel pasta. Once you buy it, you can buy it.
You can buy something from somebody, man. They grab out of you like they're never going to let you go. They just get a stranglehold on your ass. So to speak. WQA and hello. Not there. Good. I didn't really want to take one there. I saw a ring. Just because I'm such a considerate, wonderful guy. I figured, well, I'll give him a chance. You know they've been ringing it for a couple of minutes. Gone. No sweat off my back. I'll tell you that right now. Here's the fact that says your show is rocking. They even the calls you have fresh new wackadoos calling in. Keep it up, sign.
The P whoever P is. Well, have a good P. Maybe it's P. Diddy. They could be P. Diddy or could be just Mr. P as opposed to Mr. T. What are we're kind of haircut Mr. P is got. Yeah, I think that people have to keep spamming with all that. I just don't want it. You know what I mean? And like the airlines because you know I fly a lot. Oh. There's a line in the email if you look and it's usually teeny tiny and there's a little link to. Yes. If tiny were here right now, man, he to a dump on your shoe just out of a hostility. And it says something along the lines of if you do not wish
to receive further communications of this type or if you wish to unsubscribe or something like that, click here. Yeah, speaking of that because I was thinking of the that brought the dog to work and he dumped an anti-calf step into which I thought was very appropriate. But I just this just don't I mean there are things that we forget. We try to forget. Tiny weighed 10 pounds. It was a min pin. Okay. It's a little bit of a hell razor, but he was a cute little dog. And one day I don't remember why, but just for the hell of it, I brought him to work. I think somebody had asked me to or whatever.
The deal was and with Disney was still there at that point. Am I right? Yes. You talk about a sour push. Uh huh. You talk about a red nose. I mean they carried on a how you know what is he thinking bringing your dog into the building here bring a dog. Well, what is it to you? I kept him in the studio for quite a while. The door was locked. It's not like he was running up and down the hallway and take them out everybody shoes. Remember that day? Were you there? Of course. Why does that thing keep making their sound? What is that? I think you I
can keep hearing that. Are you like nuking about a hundred sandwiches or Christmas sounds coming from down here other than there are sounds coming from their man. We're just growing our sounds and smells. Oh my God. You need to hear that. Get out of here. You're here in that. I don't know what you're talking about. Okay. He's fine. I'm hello. Tiny, tiny, tiny. If you don't listen to me and you marry this man, you're disappointed. I don't know this mirror. I don't know what he does.
Tell him you're not getting married. He'll understand. That was Trey Donahue by the way. Oh yeah. And he's dead now. I hope he's Trey Donahue. Could he sing? No. He looked good. And he was like a teen idol. He probably was never a teenager and he never looked good. Kind of strange. WQA M. Hello. Not good. Yeah. Back back to you. WQA M. Hello. QA M. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. We bring a dog into the studio for you.
Because I felt like it. Why the hell not? I don't know. I think people bring their dogs to work in restaurants. Things like that. That's strange. In restaurant, you know, in Europe, like in France, you can bring your dog in a restaurant. In fact, the drugs are probably more sanitary than most of the people in France. And you can know older than them. And you too. I understand. Well, it wouldn't surprise me like in China. Sure. Why the hell not? Like a. I'm not going to say. Don't keep on. I'm not going to say. Just moving right forward. Like you told me, man, George gave me the best advice of my life this morning. Just move straight.
Right ahead. That's right. I'm about to straight bar. But just move forward. I'm doing it. 1039 votes on a poll. That's exactly I'm taking your advice. I'm going to start listening to you. Bless you. I don't know why. Probably a bad idea. Well, I've been through some things. Yeah. I'm not going to do anything. I'm having a wonderful day. I'm going to say that you were. What did it say there about my show is rocking today? Everybody's on their best behavior. Huh? Everything is a okay. But boy, if I got a screaming headache that just kicked in is probably by pre-wood by an headache.
From cracking on tapping all them down machines, man. When the hell am I going to find a good machine? That's what I would like to know. Yeah. Well, wouldn't it wouldn't be great like they go out on the beach? Where do they call those things like metal detectors? You know, right? And it would be great to have like one of those him in your pocket and somehow it would like just make that little like the microwave when it kept buzzing there before and make like a little buzz like that kind of like. And you know, oh, gee, this is the one. It's getting ready to blow a big payoff here. WQ.
Tell me your Q, a.m. Hello. Q, a.m. Oh, don't tell me. I know this one. Sam Q, a.m. They're posting around Q, a.m. Hello. Hey, I'll make you off my speaker. Okay. But you're too. Hey, I feel he's a funny guy. Yeah, he's a funny guy. I think you like him. Yeah, I'm sure you're very any establishment. Uh huh. He's funny. I mean, I had to go to the side. I can't wait. Well, I'm not. I'm not a
funny guy. And that electric car that that's that's the year about to kill the electric car get a kick out of that. They have electric car that works fine. I'm making one. So I sure I got brought in to get a bike.
And that's what he said. I'm real ball breaking radio. I think that's what he said.
1448 votes on the poll. Stay off the ice cream. 32. I'm just reading the bottom ones here and stop gambling 24. When I really frosted the rest of I stopped and got some hot gondas. I already said that before on the way to a wood mine. I think it would be not not my cab driver. I might not like it too much. Why don't? Well, he doesn't care. He'll let me do whatever I want because I'm a cone too. You know, I give him lots and lots of business. Man, my terrorist cab driver is a good guy. Well, let's be an ease guy. Yeah, does he terrorize you as he's driving around?
I told him that story about he he tells me all these amazing stories. How would you like to be a cab driver? Can you imagine the book that you write all the stories you have?
And he said one day a couple of dark, conflicted guys got in this cab and they got to wherever he took him to wherever they were going. And the one guy said, okay, well, let's let's just stiff me. And the guy said, you better pay him. He's a terrorist.
He's loving it. Let's be an ease. You know, that's true story. So he's told me WQ I am. Hello. And you know, yes, sir. Hey, how are you? I'm excellent. How are you sir? I'm doing I just wanted to call the guy who called you capricious and what else did he call you?
I would say capricious. Capricious. I would say I'm precious and delirious. Something like that and delicious. I'd like to take him out and kick his teeth in. Okay. How can you pick on Uncle Neil? Yeah. Who the hell is he think he is? Yeah, what's wrong with him? What kind of call is that? And that's the guy who likes me keeping mind. He loves me. He says everybody loves me. But he just wanted to talk a lot of crap. Don't you understand man? Just want to talk some crap. That's what they show is here for. No, no. This show is informative.
It has groundbreaking news and that's about on my face. And what was the last part? It's on my face. My place in your face. Yeah, I'm on your face. 560560. Wow.
Not only am I on fire and you want to know why because my blood sugar this morning is like 98. That is great. I'm doing well man. I'm not even any crap. I'm getting my weight down. I got my blood sugar down and you want to know why because I want to live like another 100 years or at least another 6 hours.
Rob Marciano that they decided he looks too hot to just keep him on the weather said to put him in news anchoring today. They're anchoring a Rob Marciano. And I take back what I said about that. I you guy. Oh man.
One of those guys is from about 100 yards away. I'm thinking wow. And then when you see a little closer up like. Kind of like the bush. When did you see the thing about the one daughter that wrote the book now? She's 25. She's one of the mea sky twins. Yeah. Jenna not the cute. Oh, this one.
Really nasty. Barbara. She looks a little bit like the other Barbara. Barbara's the cute one. Jenna's the one you're talking about. I don't know which one she is. She's the one I wrote the book. Barbara. I mean I'm 25. I guess they both are in 25 or 13. Jenna's the one that wrote that book. Ask me if I care. Okay.
I'm sorry if I really care. No. James Cameron presents. Leave it to Judah starring Hugh Beaumont as Jesus. Barbara Billingsley as Mary Magdalene and Jerry Maddie's as the Judah. James Cameron presents Jesus Christ in my one son starring Jesus Christ. Mary Magdalene.
Judah and on just pilot as Uncle Charlie. Okay. I think you all owe an apology to the Christ family at this point. I think it's just outrageous. I wonder what the Christ family. I wonder what their address was somewhere in a manger.
Yeah. In a manger. It's just somewhere in all the stuff. This makes me weak. You're watching all of this stuff. Indonesia Plan Crash 28. Dead. All kinds of tourists all over the world. What are we hearing? That I'm arbitrary and capricious. And the other guy's telling me that I'm hearing. I'm giving food for thought and I'm saving the world.
And that the sun is shining in Toronto. I bet it's like a toasty now. It's going to be minus four today. Now what's that even I can figure that out. That's like 26 something like that. Oh, it's minus nine. So in other words, it's single digits now on a web to a sunny minus four.
And that pleasant. I'll take it. Hey, listen compared to minus 22 yesterday. And you know something in the high yesterday. The high was minus 12. Now that was the one brutal day of the year. You know, I mean everybody's in Title I. Right. Right. And then. And so then what do I get? I get those couple of sarcastic factors.
Oh, genius. Why did you tell everybody that the ice is falling in chunks off the sea and tower and they had to close down parts of the gardener expressway. Both ways for a while. Yes. So what about it? How does that affect your life? Okay. Whether they close down the gardener expressway in downtown.
It would know the gardener expressway from Mike gardener. Okay. They would know from Earl Stanley gardener.
5 6 7 0 5 60. What am I all whipped up about today? I think it's good though. When I get whipped up to a frenzy, that's when the show is really good. You bet.
I thought you were going to say you go girl. I was sure you were going to say that wasn't it. Wasn't he milding that Chris who's going to say you go girl.
I heard him come up with that crap before. It says your show is rocking today. Rocking and sucking baby. Make no mistake about it. Have no idea why.
It's like a lot of things in my life. You know, they just are. I don't really know why, but they just are.
168 votes on that pool. And he knows how spastic the phone is today. It's either it's gore or gorenished or not. Al Gore. Gore or gorenished, which means it's everything or nothing. All or nothing at all is what it means.
See, there's a lesson for all you go out there and probably for all you Jews to because you think that the young Jews, the young kids that annoy you. There's of course not. Maybe a few words, you know.
I know my words. I wish that. Any of my Jewish friends are there. Of course, of course, and that's because of your Jewish friends that have related to fill in either. No.
I'll never forget that day as long as I live, you're crazy. Georgia's former accountant. This orthodox nut job. He's the one that sent me the he sent me the sugar free halvaht, the hockey game.
Right. And when I went home, man, you talk about a moving experience. I thought I was never going to leave that room. Oh, my life is still even at this point. Years later, it's still flashing before my eyes. You know, you knock it, but I appreciate that whole love to fill in wrapping experience.
Marzaa. So I can relate. Relate to the rappers. You know it. So anyway, he comes in one morning and this is when we're way back in the beginning. Nine years ago, I'm two a.m. We're down on the same floor and at the Make Believe studio. Even more make believe than the one there now.
And he comes in and he's going to show you what it is to lay to fill in was I mean, I've never seen that before my life. You know, even an old boy like me, it watched the more TV. I'm not at all that gets me garbage. So he takes the leather straps and he's wrapping him around your arms.
And I'm going to tell you the circulation. I mean, as pasties you are in the first place. I mean, George could be one of the most pastiest, careless people in the history of mankind, even living in the sunny Florida all these years. He just never gets outdoors. I guess, but at any rate, you turn it like cash for the ghost. I have never.
First, I was like red and purple. First it was red that it was purple. And I asked him, I said, is this really you? You wrap it up this time? You go, yeah, you got to feel pain. You know, it's got like you.
That was right. Wow. And all of a stuff to make me say that candy wrapper bit. Let's do it. How many of you I am? Hello?
Yeah. How are you doing, pal? I get older to do. I get the best guy over that I've ever spoken for. Wow. All right. Okay. I don't give the full man. Okay. I don't want to hear the rest of your crap. Give me a phone.
See, I was the best guy until I said I want to hear crap. It's not like he took into a Campbell soup can. And by the way, that's an oxymoron Campbell soup because Campbell's never made any soup in the history of just as much as you can't stay in craft. Right.
And I don't have any problem with craft. I do like crafts with cheese and I like craft process. Tony make for each. But Campbell's they really pissed me off, man. And then they got these new ads about, oh, well, what is it? Is it soup? And I'm thinking I want a shout out to the TV screen. No, it says Campbell's on it.
But it certainly couldn't be soup. I was always like food of last resort. Oh my god. Open it up a can of that. I mean, I rather open up a can of worms and go fishing with or something. A can of Campbell's soup. And then they got the low the low salt variety. You know something? If you took if you took like a chopped up a bunch of carrots and celery, you put it like an in a sock. You put it in a sock. Okay. Dirty. So you dragged it through some hot water. That would be those low salt. Those low sodium Campbell's. I mean, no, take like Bill.
No quality is to say delicious, but no taste. I mean, just unbelievably. I like drinking warm water. Faa. Even the glam say. Faa when they taste that crap. So you Campbell soup people. No matter what you're with it.
Is there anybody that really makes good can soup? I don't know what Dinty Moore stews and the professor stews. What is that? I did it with soup. It's kind of soupy.
I think they make soup also, they're not a progressive.
But you know, you're a soup.
I'm a grasser, my ass man.
They're a grasser, also a very bland.
See, because I have a blood pressure,
although it's under very excellent control by the way,
I'm a rational person some days.
But because I have blood pressure,
so I don't eat any extra salt.
For years and years, I'd ever put salt on my food.
Mm-hmm.
And progressive, I also think,
is the kind of stuff that you need to put a lot of stuff in it.
You need to put some salt in there,
or maybe some garlic salt.
You don't want to do that.
No.
I mean, well, I want soup, and you know how much I love soup.
I don't like soup.
I love soup.
I'm a super maniac.
Next time you're in town, you need to go to the original soup man.
I mean, soup man, yeah.
Which is great.
No sound good.
When is he coming in again, though?
What's some of that lobster bisque?
Mm-hmm.
And that sounds really good.
A bag of bread.
As a matter of fact, when I had lunch,
a couple weeks ago, with my buddy at the Capitol Ruler,
I got the French onion soup.
And on the menu was lobster bisque.
And I really, the onion soup was okay.
I got a crock, which I figured, you know, fits me.
But, yeah, it wasn't.
It was okay.
Everything else was great.
But the soup was like, yeah, like industrial strength, you know.
It wasn't the greatest.
See, that's one thing.
Everybody in their brother thinks they make great French onion soup, you know,
with a thick layers of cheese and bit of meat, but with all the different kinds of cheese on it.
And there's just a certain way to make it.
For example, I've told you this many, many years in the dining room at Pompooh Park,
that's one of the best things on the menu is the French onion soup.
In fact, I wouldn't have surprised me at all, you know,
with a fabric croaked at the table.
He may have fallen face-first into a crock of French onion soup.
Wouldn't that be a way to go?
Yeah.
I keep thinking about that.
And I, you know, I would say that they're on top.
A little bit of a little bit of a top.
Oh boy.
Now, that was a stroke of luck.
You know, as much as I complained about having certain bad things,
you know, everybody has some bad crap that happens,
and so it would be on their control.
But I was lucky I wasn't there that night.
Because I don't think that's the kind of thing you forget.
You know.
When somebody who were a friend of yours that you've known for 20 years,
just plops right over there on the table.
Right.
Like when my other diet I heard it was a very horrendous thing,
and I wasn't there, and that's probably just...
Well, what were you doing was a horrendous thing.
You know, like, you know, he had a massive heart attack,
so it wasn't pretty.
Like my mother.
There was, you know, red and blue face like my tophillin arm
and foaming at the mouth.
Oh, all of the shins and...
Well, my mother.
Right.
She had a massive heart attack.
And my friend John was the last one to talk to her on the phone
and I keep saying, what did you say to her?
Ha ha ha ha.
Huh, that's funny.
I called her that what?
I just, for her, he knows it's just a joke.
What do you want to say?
That's arbitrary, capricious, and mean-spirited and hostile.
Maybe Jesus Christ already, my god, she was 91 years old.
91, did you ever meet my mother?
Yeah, a couple times.
You did?
Yeah.
What am I saying?
At your house?
At my house, what the hell were you doing in my house?
Bringing something over that wouldn't fit in your core bed.
Oh, I see that.
And the poster or something else, dropping it by and your mom was there.
Yeah.
And she was a pit.
She was a hoot.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
A larph to strangers, she was always wonderful.
Well, no, I wasn't.
It was.
It's not that like she was like nice.
She was just funny.
You can see where you got that.
She's really funny now.
Put a wig on you and you'd be just like her.
You know, I'm sure that there are other people out there who might be listening right now.
Who would agree with that?
Okay.
I'm not going to mention any names.
I think I'm talking about it.
I do the best I can.
I do the very best I can.
There are times when I can be a little bit over the top and emotional cripple, a basket case,
a little, a little, a little flighty, arbitrary, and capricious, but I do the best I can.
We all love you, man.
Well, there you go.
In a non-gay way, of course.
Yeah, of course.
Very hattery.
Plotonic sort of way.
19 to 1 if you want.
I'm not telling you.
I can't wait to start getting dressed for woodbind.
I'm here.
I'm playing Zoonons.
It's an auspice because you're avoiding free.
The very students support other fine sponsors.
Sponsors like...
Mr. Covey.
You let me get out of bed.
Oh, Mr. Covey.
They's my clearing man.
And my favorite band of dog food.
I'm giving up my dogs and gravy chain.
A little bit of water makes you gravy chain.
And they fucking have moons.
And boy, the number one Jewish at Warners.
Good bye, I'm going on the boat.
Two, three, four.
Oh, it's good.
Oh, it's a broad zero, boy.
Oh, bro, I can't remember.
Hang on.
12.475, 60WQM.
We got the mad dog coming over to a club.
And the power hour with the handkern the mad dog.
And then the handgover show.
Followed by baseball that you don't want to hear.
Well, I almost lost it at the end of the last spot there.
I don't know if you were paying any attention.
Well, no, because I was thinking sometimes, you know, sometimes I feel like an idiot.
Now, I was thinking what you said about if you put a wig on, I would be my mother.
And I thought, that was a great line.
In some respects, in some sense, before I'm in her, she was quick.
She had lines.
That's not what I was thinking.
I was thinking more of like his emotional back.
Oh, I see.
See, my mother, our nickname for my, my nickname for was always, Duman Duman, you know,
I said, okay, I used to tell her if you thought a million dollars in small bills in the backyard,
you'd find some negative.
Oh, well, how am I going to do to pick all of these up?
Or where am I going to hide all of it?
She could find in any silver lining she could find a dark cloud, you know, and that was my mother.
Well, I missed that experience.
She just had me in stitches.
She cracked me up.
Did she really?
Every word out of her mouth was like this.
Oh, and here's an email from Norma Kent that just came over.
It says, you could use, yeah, good animal, I think, but you could use what?
A wig?
What does that mean?
It just says you could use a wig.
Do you understand what that means?
I guess it's a bald headshot.
I don't know.
I don't have any idea what that means.
And I'm getting rid of it right.
I'll find it on the computer because that in my blackboard doesn't quite compute.
Thanks, Norma, whatever you say.
Go, go defend some of us slime balls somewhere, okay?
Some pervert like me.
Go defend somebody.
And click that bug at me.
And call up by Joe Bell next week and tell them, what's extend 40, 50 years.
Well, that's normal.
And when we extend 40, 50 years, take care of George in there too, okay?
I told him that to take care of George and said just throw it into the wind, you know,
to the wolves because they figured he'll work cheap because of the fact that, you know, for whatever fact.
Take care of everybody.
11-1 on the pole, by the way, Chris.
Take care of Chris too while you're at it.
Well, I'm not going to put net in there.
I mean, how long have you been on the show like two months?
Oh, yeah.
And Chris told me the other day, I forget what day it was, maybe Monday.
What are you doing?
What are your 85 dumps?
Yeah.
And he just thanked me profusely.
I mean, it was just, it was so beyond the usual suck up that it was just almost embarrassing.
I think that was last week.
Was that last week?
Oh, I'm better not hope for a repeat any time soon.
I'm sure hope not.
No.
I'd like Josh coming this week to kiss your butt.
Josh has been, you know something, it's really interesting.
Josh Cordis is a good kid.
He really is.
But he has been so much friendlier since he got off the show than he ever was when he was working on the show.
What is that?
He misses me badly.
He was giving all kinds of kisses and stuff.
No, seriously, he really, he's been very friendly.
Comes in the morning and you wander around because I treat people well.
That's why.
Just ask me.
Do I treat people well?
Yes.
Don't I?
Yes.
Seriously, I mean, I've had a few things.
You give me that stuff about my mother and all that other crap, which you're correct about that.
I can be a bad, I can be the worst.
I admit it, okay?
All those doom and doom stories, that's just what I hear from you.
But my experience with her was nothing but hysterical.
Let me tell you once again, gloom and doom.
That was her middle name.
Oh, my.
Millenid Solomon.
That was her name.
For years you'd have the lunch once a week.
And always the next day there were mommy stories of something.
And even though it wasn't funny to you while I'm not having it.
It was painful, usually painful, but it was painful to hear.
See, there's nothing funny about my mom.
I guess maybe somebody else talked to you.
Oh, did we have to start now with your mom?
Miriam is such a bitch, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And the audience is saying, how could Neil say that because that's what George has been telling us for a hundred years?
She is.
And to put it in front of her.
I will say this.
And I'm trying to remember if she ever say anything about you.
I don't know.
But anybody who was my friend was never a good person.
And I would say.
Or like if rumor would call the house when she was there.
I would heard the dogs and I was off.
Oh, he sounds like such a nice man.
You know, that crap.
Really?
Yeah.
And I would say, geez, it's not that he's not in my sky.
He's just annoying us, he's telling a real pest.
You know, I just.
He sounds so nice on the phone.
All out of the crap.
How did we get into this?
I don't know, but it sure is fascinating.
But seriously, genetically, you do become.
I don't care what anybody says, but you have certain traits and characteristics that came from your parents.
There's no denying it.
It's in your genes, baby.
It's in your genes.
And hopefully if you're lucky, maybe a lot of people want what's in your genes, but that's beside the point.
But man, it's just one of those things.
And of course, on the other side, like I told you, my father, who was like a walking block of ice,
which is why Bill Carter used to start casting me, Mr. Worms, you know.
And you'll notice how my old age now totally changed on that.
Maybe I'm making up for lost time.
Because now I'm kind of like warm and fuzzy with everybody, you know what I mean?
I am.
Or fuzzy anyway.
Well, what does that mean?
Was that another shot?
Was that like arbitrary and capricious?
I'm not warm.
I'm not a shot at your head.
Oh, Schmock.
And what's that normal kid would like to use a wig?
Yeah.
You could use a little something normal.
Like maybe a brain transplant.
You're fair.
Yeah.
Too much bad pot.
Well, I talked to Joe Bell and I told that son of a bitch, but he just out of control, just creating...
This is one of Norma's great areas of expertise, but I will say for all the shots I give him.
Okay?
I will say once the part of time he came to the house, this is back, I think when we're still doing taxing and Greg greeted me,
he offered to come to QA.
And he said, and he looked me straight in the face, straight to silver bead.
Yay.
And he said, I don't want to use the numbers.
I don't like talking about how much money I make.
It's very...
What a waste.
How do I say it in savory?
It is.
It's embarrassing.
He said, I'm going to get you a million dollars a year.
I said, yeah, right.
You know, right.
And that was a long time ago.
Now he was going to give me a million dollars a year.
I said, I can't live on that.
No, seriously, he did that.
So in every dark like I said, people have their faults.
Nobody is perfect.
And me, especially, included.
But Norma just... he means well, it's just that he's...
You know, he likes to be a show off.
Oh, I did this for you.
And we're going to start with Joe and I told him.
Yeah, right.
Just listen to me, Norma.
I'm the client.
You're the flunky attorney.
Just do what I say.
Or we're going to turn you over to one of my friends.
Thank you.
You're a good old man.
I like you.
You're loyal to my father for years.
So is that a better...
To take in us to just...
To make...
To spread the word in my face.
All because the fact that I've been cheated by him...
My face.
Oh, mom, please.
Gildy and baby swing in case.
Oh, a woman pretty good.
Yes, she's swinging her four-year-old son like a bat...
To hit her boyfriend during a fight...
Fracturing the infant skull in the process.
Oh, brother.
Like a baseball bat.
Sweet as it.
When you hear... I don't know if I can do this one here.
I don't think I can say this.
The chitchat name is CHY-T-O-R-I-A.
T-O-R-I-A.
Chitoria Graham.
27.
Plead to Gildy, who aggravated assault.
And in danger in the welfare of a child under a plea agreement with prosecutors.
By pleading Gildy, Chitoria, ignores an October 8th, he grab his son, Geron, by his feet and swung him.
Hitting her boyfriend and seriously injuring the child.
What's that rash, Bill?
Oh, it's Chitoria.
The doctor gave me an ointment.
A Graham.
If this guy likes something, it has to be cleared up immediately, yeah.
And especially if you have Chitoria and you're a Chitoria.
At Graham's preliminary hearing in December, paramedic Bobby Shaw, who tweeted her baby...
Oh, Graham was crying in the show when the medical crew was right.
This is not a funny story, and we're laughing.
Oh, God.
She testified that Graham told her I swung him.
I swung him like a bat.
Sounds to me like she's crazy as a bat.
It's a loon.
The judge ordered a psychological exam for Chitoria before her sentence said for her eighth.
The aggravated assault charge for her is a minimum five years in prison because the child was under 13.
Maximum sentence is 20 years, prosecutor Beth Hurt said.
Maximum sentence for endangering the welfare of her child is five years.
The two lesser charges robbed.
Graham's previous attorney said Graham did not use his child as weapon that the boy was hurt during a fight between two adults
and that Graham lied with authorities about how the injury occurred to protect her boyfriend.
Geron, who made a full recovery dank, Scott, and Graham's forefather, children, currently in the custody of her parents.
Hey, come on, Chitoria.
Why you be acting like that, bat?
1115 votes on the poll by the way that's good.
Shut the hell.
And when I'm up in Belkettika slapping all the women with painted lips around the poll, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers, I earn balance one to two hours.
Booh, booh, booh, booh, booh.
Anybody here?
Zin Jack, give her a mom.
If his aunt comes soon and put her around.
He's screwed a lot of people with teeth sometimes get caught.
I've got a variety of people still caught.
Anybody here?
Think of Russian dots?
They'll dig all around your town.
He's not just a kid yet, but truth be for his dumb aunt.
Taking a shower with his son.
Hey, there's a guy as his wife, the White House is playing for him.
Or a little Christian to know what's best for you and me.
Hey, girl, mom, what?
He was in the sun for the fuck.
In other words, he's the enemy for you.
Please say to Tom to blame me for the shelter in Carcassos.
These kindness lies been long and can't pay why.
Averum of doubt, Zin and Tom.
I'm dying out of here.
How's he doing?
He's better.
Physically.
Okay, that's...
We're not having another one of those technical things.
How does this sound now?
Crispy, creamy, I-sounds sensational.
I almost feel like I'm alive now, you know what?
Nails.
That was a good segment there about mine, me and the wig.
Anyway, Norma can't send me something I went to my hot mail.
I figured I would open the attachment.
I can't even open it.
You could use a wig.
I don't know what it is all about.
Not to make you flip your wig.
That would make you a wigger.
Since Neil always offers us good advice as the pull.
And I don't know when he'll let's start it.
If I was going to offer Neil one piece of advice it would be.
Neil doesn't need advice.
He knows it all, 365 and almost a third of the audience thinks that I know it all.
Well, I'm just kissing up.
Oh, look who's talking.
Oh, there's Michelle Gillin.
Oh, no.
Michelle Gillin, my 33 news.
How'd you find that?
No.
How'd you see it then?
I'm CNN.
She was on Channel 33 though, I see.
Yeah, that's the...
But they were picking it up and then she said,
Live 33 knows they chopped her off man face and you can say,
Oh, what a bitch.
What a what a fag hat that me.
She's the even Michelle Gillin and then she began me shell.
And then the Beatles is a song.
131 votes.
Neil has needed advice.
He knows it all, 365.
Right.
I know one thing when I see a real Zionist,
I know it will flip screen on my screen now.
When I see a real far-bison Zionist who gives you no accurate news.
Make the move to satellite 180.
Hold your breath.
I'll let you know what to exhale.
Inhale right now.
Take a deep breath.
Come on.
And I'll let you know what lit it up.
And the breath too.
Don't ever retire.
179.
I can't afford to retire, man.
I got the, you know, too many things I need to do.
Stay the hell off of my space.
144.
There is no chance of that happening.
Okay.
I don't have a problem with it anymore.
I mean, for a while, I mean, you know, the first episode was first couple of months.
I didn't belong in a, in a mental ward.
But I think for a 64-year-old toad that's keeping, you know, what's the problem?
Nothing.
Move back to Miami 55.
Stay off the ice cream for a day.
But that thing is moving up on the Richter scale.
Stay off the ice cream fat.
So you diabetic a, man, my blood sugar last two days has been sensational.
I sound good for you.
You know, I sound like I just gained 20 years back in my life.
Thank you very much, Neil.
You're welcome.
I did it for myself, you know, because I want to stay alive.
I don't want to croak anytime soon.
Why don't?
Plus, I got to keep all you people alive.
That's right.
Doesn't bother me.
Retire now, 47.
Can't afford to do it.
4.1% return now.
Retire.
So we can put a good sports show on in there, right?
And we can talk a lot more about, family things.
Shack mainly.
Go straight, 44.
Yeah, go straight to Woodbine and the plunger guts maybe get lucky and win.
Maybe I won the five grand on the five dollar machine today.
What do you think?
I think it's a good day for that.
Actually, what I would like to do is win the progressive jackpot on the five dollar wheel of fortune.
366 grand, they've never paid it out since the place of an open five years.
Never paid it out once.
So it's due.
366 grand, I might even say you a couple of bucks.
Oh, that'd be sweet.
I hate this pool 40, three and a half percent and stop gambling 25, 2.2%.
See, if my mother was alive today, it's the damn good thing she croaked before I started with this woodbine stuff, you know.
Can you hear what I'd have?
Oh, it's really nice.
Yeah, I'll squint gambling on your money.
How would you do it in your gambling on your money?
And the meantime, all the times that she was saying that, I was taking care of her.
I was giving her money every month.
I bought her condo.
So she didn't have any rent to pay, you know.
All of these things and she was giving me lectures.
I want to do with my money and wear a stick it and I kept telling her where to stick it.
1134 on the pool.
Well, a lot of nostalgia here today.
Maybe this is the kind of thing that happens just before you croak.
Oh, okay.
You start living in the past.
QAM, hello.
Neil, I come to you.
Yes, sir.
I come to last quarter's show the other day.
When the energy died, you said when they were dead.
No, I did not say that.
No, I did not.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, and then for you first, Paul, I was hoping.
Yeah, okay, great.
Okay.
Tell your boyfriend, hello, too.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
56670560, pound 560 on the horizon, single rival's line.
Maybe I should just forget about the phone and sorrow.
Although it has been a pretty interesting day on the phone.
You got to admit that there's no doubt.
It has been different and different interesting.
Bizarre.
And nothing wrong with that.
Nells.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Deacere.
What do you got?
Great, man.
I saw you had a condo for rent on the my space thing.
No, I don't.
A friend of mine does, yes.
I saw maybe you were looking for a roomie.
I'm available.
No.
Five.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Oh, five.
Six.
Five.
Six.
The only horizon, single rival's line.
I'm looking for a roommate in Florida.
Yeah, a window.
I wouldn't mind having a roommate here.
Somebody that just shot up all the time and just, you know.
Uh-huh.
Was obedient and subservient and things like that.
A rumor.
In fact, maybe my friend from Berlin from last summer
would like to, you know, because each been on Berlin and maybe he'd like to pay a visit to Toronto.
And just never leave.
Because if that was the case, you know, those like we were talking last week about the time, somebody up and never letting them get away.
Yeah.
He would have been a certainly a good specimen for that.
But nevertheless, I don't want to start getting into a whole thing about Berlin.
Don't know your business, but boy, it was your my business.
And you know what they call it over there?
Monkey business.
WQIM, hello.
How do you say, Mookie, and German?
I don't know.
QIM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You have a wonderful home today.
Wood buying Wednesday.
Yeah.
The megaball, three hundred million, uh-
370 million, yeah.
Yeah.
It was one ticket.
Wood buying, New Jersey.
No, two tickets.
Yeah, two tickets, one in Georgia.
One in Georgia.
And one in, was it, would buy New Jersey?
That's not what my story said.
Yeah, would buy New Jersey.
All right.
So maybe you can win that, uh, for $66 grand.
Yes, sounds good to me.
And the guy in Georgia is going to go buy some tea.
There you go.
Yeah, I'm going to go get a new banjo.
Okay, thanks, Palli.
Yeah, some guy in, in Bumfort, Georgia wins $185 million.
Oh, and you know, it never fails.
And the same here when you see somebody win a lot of like, uh, 14 or $20 million.
And then you see the picture in the paper or whatever.
Oh, or you see them on TV on the news day, interview them.
Well, I'm just going to go back to work on Monday.
Yeah, like that.
Yeah, sure you are.
You're going to go back to work on Monday, my ass.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, I have to ask the first one, Tee, don't callo.
How bad, man.
Not bad.
I would say I'm scale zero.
We, that's why I don't want to touch.
You don't want to touch, though.
I want you to be favored.
You know, I have such an appreciation because the Godfather,
the two thing was unspited, and if they were Godfathering all day.
Yeah, and I have such an heightened appreciation for that actor.
Now, you never looked at the interview.
The actor that played different things.
Somebody said it.
One of the callers said it.
He said what?
The actor's name, and I forgot.
What is he dead?
He talked over him.
I don't know.
Well, I'm sure it's hell of hope not.
He was too good to be dead.
But then again, so is Peter Finch.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm trying to find out the name of this song that you guys close the show on Friday.
You guys have to know what that is.
The song that we close the show.
On Friday.
Read on me by that Royksop.
The guy co-ad.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Perfect.
Oh, by the way, I haven't said this to my mom in 15 years, but I love her.
Thanks, guys.
Okay.
But wasn't that sweet?
That was...
Yeah, I can't believe it.
You...
What?
You don't like that?
What?
His little, I love you to mom?
Yeah, I was wrong with that.
Nothing.
Why does that make you want to keep it?
What is wrong with that?
You love me?
Let me say it again.
You know, my father, who was a real, a hard-ass, nasty, rotten, bastard.
I told you this before.
Most people probably couldn't even believe it.
There's no such thing as love.
It's just a word.
What kind of a person would say such a thing?
Even if they believed it.
You know, even if they...
That much of a walking icicle, you know, obviously he never felt it.
No, he felt it.
At least twice.
I'm just telling you.
What's wrong is you get older.
You want to be a guy's mother, but that's either he loves it.
I love you.
I never used to be a mushy person and believe me now in my old age, I become more...
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
Because once they stick your ass in the ground, you're not going to say,
Oh gee, I really love you.
You're a great person.
I really care about you profusely.
And whatever.
You know, no matter what it is, what kind of love it is or who it is or what it is.
You know, what it is.
You know what I'm talking about?
Well, mind your own business.
1148.
Well, I'm serious.
It's just...
You just...
Maybe it doesn't happen to everybody.
Certainly it didn't happen to my father.
I'll tell you that.
I'm sure that the day you...
The last time I saw him, I want to say with 71...
1...
I can say 71.
So that's like...
And he died, I would say, in about 90.
So, I'm...
Or say 91, just pick a year.
Okay.
In fact, I probably was...
So at least the last 20 or 25 years of his life, I never saw him.
I never spoke to him.
And thanks God for that.
Okay, who would want to?
Hateful, nasty, rotten, just brutal, subhuman person.
And it's just one of those things, you know.
You can pick your house, but you can't pick your parents.
So by comparison, my mother, even though she was a...
She could drive you nuts.
At least she meant well, you know.
You know what I mean by that?
Yes.
Sometimes it's a very sad excuse.
Ask me, I'll tell you.
Sometimes meaning well can still be aggravating and annoying.
But at least if you're aggravating the way in you mean well,
that's one thing.
People can tolerate that.
But if you're hateful and rotten and nasty in our aggravating,
then especially if you're arbitrary and capricious.
Is that like prudence in patients?
In patients in thrutus and liberty records tonight,
you belong to me.
But you don't have that.
I'll look.
Oh.
You drenched back in?
Yo, this your boy, ex-tut is the exhibit.
You know, I have a lot of people, pit, they rise.
But if you want your cop, pit, fast, take it to the experts.
And jay to the eye to the double FY, shift it, pim.
Whether it's a thumpin' stereo,
sick ground effects or dope rims,
we'll have you in and out in 15 minutes.
I took my hope team in either end to Gippy-Pim.
Now it's tinted, rolling on dub,
then did you see the fly wing on it?
Oh, and check out some fat high drolics.
Cool.
Now I'm right in dirty, don't you know?
Any make, any model, Gippy-Pim has street cred.
I reckon I could have pipped myself
or I don't pick up most anywhere.
But I trust my homies and Gippy-Pim.
Why?
They turned my gun right into a four-inch,
two-inch plasma screen with P.F. Freak!
Woo!
You probably often chain dog,
face to jiffy pips.
Jiffy pips.
They're pipping call right, y'all.
Yeah, boy.
I'm on it in the middle of my drawer.
The buncher lost Vegas.
And the buncher, my Andy.
He's dead.
So Brandon, who's the Godfather expert,
the email's been says,
but he died in 95.
So I looked it up.
I googled it here on IMDB.
Michael V. Gotso, he died of a stroke in 95.
Good.
Glad you got it.
I'm having a computer problem.
You're having computer problems at QAM?
I can't believe that.
I think you just made that up.
Are you starting to stir up trouble again now?
No, no, no, no.
You said all those terrible things about my mother?
Oh.
Anyway, how we doing on that pool here?
Let's take a look at it.
Chris says we got 1162 votes.
Looking, congratulations.
Thanks.
No problem.
Fox, I think we got a shot at 1,200 here.
I think we're going to do that.
Oh, right.
We need, we got 31, 41 minutes,
who's counting in 38 votes.
That's like, just 90-1 minute.
If a show like this,
if a high-pay show like this can't get one vote of men on their pool,
then we're not worth the price of peanuts,
the price of Campbell's soup.
Mm-mm-mm-bad.
Mm-mm-mm-mm-bad.
What's that pit we got?
Reggie White for scambles.
That's right.
Is that what it is?
Mm-hmm.
Reggie White.
Talk about it.
Now, how come we got Reggie White?
Didn't he croak?
He just croaked here not too long ago, didn't he?
A couple years ago.
Oh, good.
Reggie White.
For scambles soup.
Mm-hmm.
Lane, nothing like a hot, boring soup.
Yep.
You know, we take me back to a time,
and my man had done it all whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
We really eat like that no more,
when all the new flavors from Campbell's soup,
like gigaboo stew.
I would say,
we took him off all the voter-bellied pit,
and my favorite, cream omule.
How could it?
Okay.
She tried to say.
I don't know.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Come on, Daniel.
Yes, sir.
You know, you're talking about your mom.
You've saved a mother, by the way.
I'm not thinking of anything bad about your mother.
But it brought to mind that,
the love is the second biggest lie after God in this world.
Well, what does that mean?
Well, it means that...
What kind of a statement is that?
What most people mistake for love is just either a catchment
or security or some other nonsense.
What the hell is that?
What does that have to with my mother?
Nothing. Nothing.
I'm just saying, you know...
So in other words, your saying there is no such thing,
there is no human emotion in such as love?
I'm not saying that there is no human emotion.
I'm saying all the attributes given to it are absolutely false.
So what are the real attributes of it?
I think the real attributes are center attachments and, you know, need.
A whole lot of things other than the actual giving on...
Get out of here.
I thought my father was dead for crying out loud.
What kind of a call was that?
We've been doing really well today.
We've been kicking some big, pimpley smelly ass.
And this guy calls up to give me a son of dance about what a love is just a need.
Get out of here.
Brother.
Now, see, maybe years ago, I wouldn't have said that.
I would say, yeah, you know, you're right.
And what kind of crap is that?
In fact, that could be one of my very favorite bits of all time.
What's that?
Kind of crap is that?
Yeah, what kind of crap is that?
No, and for whatever reason, I'm having the same kind of problems you're having there.
All you need is mow.
But I don't want to play right now.
I love that.
Now, one of your favorite rights?
Yes, it is.
That's the chicken I got is very best man.
All you need is mow.
I mean, is a good one.
A good one.
A good one, man.
He sure loved me, and I loved him equally so mow.
Michael Vesenthi-Gazza was born in Hillside, New Jersey, April 5, 1923.
He attended the print on this fact.
It's so tiny.
Yeah, it is.
Oh, but this is interesting stuff.
His biggest and best acting gig came when Richard Castellano refused to appear in the Godfather Part 2 due to a money dispute.
I knew it. That's why there was no more clemenza.
That's why there was no Tom Hagen and Godfather III.
Money dispute.
Castellano's character, clemenza, was killed off.
And Godfather, I don't know he was killed off when the clemenza was killed off.
I just talked about it.
Huh?
Somebody will know.
And Godfather was cast as clemenza's successor in the Crowley-only family in New York.
Godfather was outstanding as the old-fashioned, insuffisticated mafia who, believing, has been betrayed and marked for a death by his own, turned state's evidence against him, only to honor the mafia code of Omar Ta'anian.
It was between the brothers' case.
On nightman walks.
Yeah, and him too.
He continued to work in films until his death, mostly a saying mafia boss is another criminal types.
On film though, he was able to break out of typecasting his frequent television appearances and play good guys.
He died of a stroke, February 14, 1995, and he found a hometown of Hillside, New Jersey at the age of 71.
Frankie Pentangely, he's dead.
What a shame.
1170th year old, well nobody lives forever, man. That's the way it goes. Even a good guy like me is going to be around forever.
Damn it.
5...
I think, 6-7-0-5-60.
I think for a lot of people like my mother, she used to say all the time since she brought my mother up.
If I had a gun, I would shoot myself. If she told me that once she must have told me a thousand times.
And I kept trying to... I give her all these maps of all the pawn shops in 441 right up the road from where she was.
Yeah, I'm stirring the road there.
And see, she never got the damn hint.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Love's line, hello.
Look at that, that's thing to even fire it up there. Q-A-M, hello.
Hey Neil, how are you, buddy?
Okay, sir.
Hey Neil, when I was about 10 years old, I'm from New York.
When I was about 10 years old, we had a relative that was in Staten Island.
And we went to the winter time, we went out, my dad took me for a walk.
And we walked upon the set of the Godfather, where they were filming it, yeah.
And they have like this big wall, when the big tents all around the house, you know,
made the place a really unbelievable, I remember his kid walking up to it, and it was styrofoam.
All the stone around the whole place that they didn't make it.
People like to style the stuff.
There's that, yeah.
And we want some film like a couple scenes.
I don't remember any of the people I saw, I was only 10 years old, but I checked out that wall.
I remember that.
And the other thing was, we were down in the middle of the floor.
What is it?
We used to come to Florida every summer for vacation when I lived in New York.
And one year we were staying at the Civil.
Do you remember the Civil down on the top?
Sure, you bet, yeah.
And Castelano Cremenda was there by the pool with his kid.
It was like 1973, I remember his kids were like my age.
And he was over by the pool everyone was getting his autograph and everything.
Ah, Betchy told everyone.
It is good.
They think that I'm a good one buddy.
You too, Pally, thanks.
That's pretty interesting.
It was on the set of the Godfather.
We should get his name and phone number for Brandon.
They can go and have lunch together and reminisce about good old times, good old days.
And maybe get somebody off the hook for old times sake.
You know what I mean?
Can't do it, Sally.
Don't call me Sally.
Sally.
You're a good one right now.
How come I keep...
Now I know there's a lot more from the movie on here than just as part with him.
Yeah, they do violence, connect, and get brainwashed neighborhoods.
And I think everything would get worse.
Holes, and I thought I'd get a job.
Go.
But you know something, all those angry actors, you know they've spread a lot of engines and then boom, he had a stroke, you know.
You think that has something to do with it?
Probably not, but it sounds really good.
The biggest thing.
They taught little boy?
No.
This station presents real American heroes.
The main hero.
Today, we salute you Mr. Non-Iris St. Patrick St. Selleveter.
You cannot Iress St. Patrick St. Selleveter.
So what if you're six foot four?
Long hair, blue eyed, with the last name of Google Shriver.
On March 17th, they call you Mick Google Shriver.
You should call you Mick Google Shriver.
Your ancestors tried to conquer the Irish.
Mr. Non-Iris St. Patrick St. Selleveter.
No, you're stealing their holiday.
I'm with a kiss me, I'm Irish button.
Kiss my party, stone instead.
That plastic leprechaun hat isn't fooling anyone.
I'm not a goal for you.
So kiss St. Patrick's Day.
They proud of your heritage.
Enjoy the green beer and drive the snakes away from your party.
Snakes like Mr. Non-Iris St. Patrick St. Selleveter.
A real American hero.
Mr. Non-Iris St. Patrick St. Selleveter.
Aaron Gobra, pose all.
Where are my family without you on my back?
I want those little sad old buddies dick.
No.
Morth.
Morth.
Well 31 and 5.
Morth, I thought his name was Michael.
Morth, like Morth Downey Jr.
Like Morton Newsbaum.
Morton Newsbaum in Rochester, New York, NWBBM.
1185 votes.
See all this old stuff just like you were staying here picking on poor chicken neck this morning
before the show.
Paul, this old ancient stuff.
Nobody knows about it, nobody cares about it.
But you know what?
And that's part of the charm of the show.
That ain't that old.
That's always been what?
Morton Newsbaum?
No, the Godfather.
No, I'm not talking about what?
Nothing wrong with the Godfather.
He'll be pleased to know, by the way, speaking of the odd father, I got my shirt on, I got my
pantaloonies on, I got my shoes on, my new balance shoes.
And I'm ready to rock and roll, maybe it's 132, 20 minutes from now, we flyin' out that door.
I'll be way to woodbind to find me a good machine.
A really magical machine, what it just keeps.
See that's my dream and woodbind.
This is findin' a machine that just keeps paying out jackpot after jackpot.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
You know what I mean?
One time there was a woman, this is a really ridiculous story, but it's true.
Nasty, hateful.
I mean, some of the people in the casino are just like people in general.
I mean, there's life people and there's idiots.
Bitch.
She wins, she hits the street grand on the line on the dollar wheel of fortune, you know?
And for whatever reason they were busy that they were the attendance didn't like her or whatever,
which is possible.
And likely.
And so anyway, it took their whole long time to come and finally pay her.
And they come to pay her the three grand and she is bitchin' and moanin' ma ma ma ma ma,
it took you so long, ma ma ma ma.
So, you know, when you have a jackpot and then they come and pay you, they want you to hit the button again.
So you give off the screen, they're off the machine so that if you should walk away,
some of the people won't be afraid to sit down and play it.
Okay?
So they make here one more time, play three more credits.
She hits the button again, another three grand.
That's true story, nausea and grotesque.
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey Uncle Dale.
Yes, sir.
Clemenza gets knocked off with the reason for the black arm bands, remember?
Remember, that was why Ten Tantley was at the party to begin with.
Oh, that's right, that's right, yeah.
Yeah, you remember all of them, really cheat you with old men, Clemenza?
We all broken up about that Frankie hot attack.
That's right, yeah.
Yeah, I remember that scene because I just saw it on Sunday, right?
Yeah, exactly.
So, yeah, so we don't know if he died of natural causes or not,
because Willie cheat you was kind of saying no.
Yeah.
Your teacher took more than one bullet for him.
That's right, we'll stay healthy, Neil, and give us another hundred years.
Thanks, Pally.
Ten down.
See ya.
Ciao.
Toad scenes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the right.
We got 11, 87, man.
We got 1200.
Look, Chris is really excited about that.
He's probably going to make another couple of blown sandwiches and cheeseburgers on the way out.
No, I'll kind of doubt it.
You down?
Yeah, we'll just go to paychecks, though.
You better kiss the ground, mister.
You're working on a high paid show like this.
Well, high paid for me.
I didn't say high paid for you.
High paid for somebody.
You better just...
Didn't you just get through, tell me what I...
What the hell did you say last week?
I couldn't believe it.
I know what I was thinking.
I couldn't believe it was just unbelievable what this man was going on about how he thanked me
profusely for giving their chance to work on a show and to get away from the sports nerd shows
and to get a little bit different perspective on something else in life.
Well, I was just...
It was emotional, man.
Something about being honored and privileged.
Long coil.
Yeah, I like that.
Wow, and then he kissed my ring and was disgusting.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Nail.
Yeah.
I can't believe we're still talking about Fergie going over there trying to exude the body
and the cold smith.
Well, you know what, we're not.
We're not.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Say how you doing, buddy.
Okay, sir.
Good question.
When you hit the spot, you hit the money.
You...
You're typically just those people who know.
When they get a jackpot, of course, they give me 20 bucks.
Just...
Just 20 bucks, no matter what you're doing.
Right.
So what do you mean by that?
The most ever hit is four grand.
What am I going to give them, a thousand bucks?
No, no.
Come on, like 50 bucks.
Get out of here.
Well, when I hit five grand one time, I give the guy, I think, a hundred or 200 bucks.
Okay, well, you say...
If you're trying to...
If you're trying to imply that I'm cheaper, not a good tipper...
No, listen to me.
Let me say something to you.
Okay.
If you were to go to Woodbine and see me sitting there playing and see the attitude of
the cocktail guys and the waitresses that come around and give you the free sodas and whatever,
those people love me.
I will not take a die-cope with that.
If I don't have change, I'll go and get change.
I wouldn't take anything without giving a buck, a loony.
Oh, no, that's good.
Because reason I'm asking that is because there was one time I was at the spot and the lady
hit like four grand.
And, you know, common sense is you're tipper person.
This lady just be related to this guy.
Really?
Yeah.
And I was just curious that not all human beings are like that.
That is correct.
Some of us are generous and some are cheap bitches like that broad.
But listen, when you're losing your ass, nobody comes around and says, hey, can we give you a tip?
In fact, that has happened to me two or three times at the regular cocktail people that come over and say,
this was on a house because you're so nice to us.
They won't take the buck.
I'm interested in diet coke.
It's not a big deal.
But because they like me because I, and they like me because I'm generous, that's why.
Not that I want to be a big shot.
Not that I'm such a hot shot that's a big radio star from Miami like Frankie Pentangely.
But just because that's me, okay.
These people are working their asses off.
So I stick a loony or a toony on their tray.
And by the way, I see they did come out in America finally.
They're coming out with another.
Remember the Susan B. Anthony dollar that went over like a pregnant pool of ultimately.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, the same thing with this new dollar coin because Americans are stubborn and they just don't want to change.
We need a dollar bill like we need hemorrhoids, okay.
Who needs a dollar bill?
We don't need a dollar coin either for that.
When you got a yes to hell, you don't.
They're great, man.
Loony's in two of these.
In fact, I'm digging in my pocket right now.
I'm digging in my pocket.
Here's one, two, three toonies that's six bucks and a loony.
There's seven bucks.
Well, we use those Susan B's for the Metro Relic by the way.
Nobody use the man.
That's why that's what they went out.
So, there's another toony.
And name that toony.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Name that toony, eh?
I like that.
That's not bad.
It's got to ring to it.
We got 1194 bits if I refresh this.
Oh, there's the Pozo President.
That's bad news.
Our country is a compassionate country.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I can tell that's why we're killing all these people with great compassion.
No question about it.
We kill them lightly like Monty Python would.
So, we don't go over there and brutalize.
We kill them very lightly, you know.
Like with all that, uh, well, whatever.
We give them a gas.
1196 boy.
Like I said, refresher one more time.
Come on.
You can do it.
If we get to 12, 11 is still on an idea.
What's going on with these people?
I think this is a game they're playing.
How many times they've done this?
100.
I mean, we've got 22 minutes, so you know, we're going to get to 1200.
But these last four to get to 1200.
They're like, uh, put this to 11.
I refresh it six times now.
Hmm.
Now, I'm going to tell you this right now.
If we can't get to 1200 by the time we finish the break, this break.
I may just have, we may just have to leave it 130 tomorrow.
Oh, no.
Well, how come they can do that?
They think we ought to have like at least a three-hour pregame and still stuck on 1196.
I think we've exhausted the audience.
I don't think they can keep up with me.
They can't handle no more.
I refresh it six times, 1196.
Okay, you've got four minutes and let's see if he can get it up.
Thank you, baby.
All right.
You failed.
Switches only means we're going around.
A certain start doing something weird.
The trouble can be getting up by itself.
I don't sure if that's the habit or the sound.
A rich idea.
And road into me.
We stay away from our picnic kids.
When your love lies to stop, there's no need to suffer.
I just have to have the pet shop for another.
I never love her.
Come on and do the research here.
Research here.
Research here.
Research here.
Research here.
Research here.
Research here.
Every one now is American.
Welcome.
Oh.
145 at 560.
We got Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Heavy duty sports stuff coming.
We're waiting for our activity.
We got an early exit at 130.
We got a humongous tune in the audience.
And then on Friday we got the trends coming out.
We got those ratings coming out.
Even though I'm arbitrary and capricious, maybe we'll do okay.
We'll see.
Probably nine.
We got our 1200 finally during the break.
We see they were just holding back.
They like to play the game and hold back.
That guy that called was, I can't even remember how long ago it was.
Was that the first call of the hour?
The guy that was giving me that song and dance about love?
And it's just them?
What was that?
What was that?
That definitely was my father reincarnated.
There's no question about that.
Cooled as a block of cold as the Arctic used to be.
Man.
No, something is love.
It's just the word.
It's just need and it's just, oh, God.
Here's what I would do, sir, if I were you.
I'm holding real close to my temple.
Maybe I'd go to temple and kill my brains out if I hadn't.
W.A.M. Hello.
Let's call it serial members,
for your commitments and policies.
And print your own jackets, which means you'll never run out of inventory again.
Excellent.
I can't wait for that.
W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
That guy, I think, was just maybe higher.
No, he's old and A-hole is what he is.
Love has no after date, sir, whatever.
Who knows what he is?
He's just a cold-hearted piece of crap that's trying to rationalize his own behavior.
And you know what?
Two weeks at a time, if you don't want to love anybody, that's fine.
Hey, everybody.
You're just being different.
You know, be whatever you want to be.
I think he was trying to sound deep, but he didn't know how.
I have something to say.
Go right ahead.
I went to your website and I saw that Neil got proud of things.
Yeah, that's cute.
Have you ever said that?
Who did that?
One of our very creative of my space people out of Pro-144.
A sensation make posters and actually see.
Billboards, that would be a good billboard.
And I'll give you a new phone.
And it will take the money that you could have spent.
From 110 votes, 1210 WCAU, Philharopia.
Well, what a memory I've got for the golden days of AM radio.
All you pucks out there, you're thinking golden days of AM radio,
who the hell ever listen to AM radio.
Old farts like us.
WDQ-RAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're wondering about when they killed off the menibus?
Yeah, the guy just called and told us that, so thank you very much.
WDQ-RAM, hello.
The golden days of AM.
How are you?
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, brother?
Good.
First happy related anniversary.
Thanks.
You're up to George, how are you?
Yo, yo.
In the classic South Florida fashion, I do have to file a complaint about.
About.
I miss your friend Josh.
What does that mean?
Well, no, I just miss hearing him on the air.
I'm not being curious.
You guys battering back and forth about the gay stuff and all that stuff.
No, yeah.
Nothing against a new poorly guy in the back.
We are Chris, yeah.
Well, I'll tell you what, Josh listens with headphones.
Maybe he'll give you his number you guys can hook up.
I think he's already taken with that Russian girlfriend, but you never know.
Portley.
Yeah, Portley, Chris.
You hear that, Chris?
There's a little bit of a shot.
He is.
Yeah, we've been looking for a nickname.
You know, all the jocks have a nickname.
They're Portley, Chris.
Dominic Q-Y-M-L-O.
Hey, I can better know you're lost, Mr. President.
Because you sure don't.
Great.
Like I said, we always love having our own material fed back, right back at you as they say.
Well, look at that.
I shot that thing off and I really need to do it.
Oh, that was not good.
I'll want to think of anything on it.
You heard it?
No, I have.
Oh, that's important with diamond rods.
I don't want it disturbed.
Can you give your loyalty to a Jew before you undress?
Come on.
Like you know my father did business with diamond rods.
He respected him.
He respected him with diamond rods.
I respect your father.
He respected my brother.
With your father, never trusted diamond rods.
Or, as a civilian, messenger boy, Johnny, old love.
Yeah.
Hey, Johnny, Alfredo and the Freddy went Johnny.
That was a little bit of a giveaway, you know?
And then of course that brought us to that wonderful scene where they're getting ready to all bail out
because of the fact that Batista got tossed out.
Where the hell is that?
You all heard us.
You broke my heart, Fredo.
You broke my heart.
And he gives him that Sicilian kiss, you know that kiss a death.
Hey, Fredo, let's go fishing baby.
Couple more hellmarries out to do it.
Maybe that's what I do with my taste and rosary beads.
Can't hurt?
You certainly can't.
I'll tell you what to do with him.
QAAM, QAAM, hello.
WDQ, AAM, hello.
He will never run out of inventory again.
Oh, he must love the show that bitch.
Don't be chronic now honey, cut the crap.
WQAAM, hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Never that's fine, me and you and the dog named Yovon.
Never said it.
Oh boy, just die, okay.
Just go and die.
Die over cadets.
It's the old and guy.
What year was it, 87?
So the 30 years of the same boring crap.
Yovon, you'll get something new, okay.
You retard, you suffered a reject.
You humans raised reject.
Same old, tired swill.
Me and you and the dog named Yovon.
No, ho ho ho.
Very sad, stick Yovon in the open.
Yeah, stick your head in the open.
Okay, I think somebody beat us to it.
Schmuck, I have a nice day.
As Mike Civa will say, thank you very much for your call.
Have a nice day.
You Schmuck.
WDQ, AAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
I can see the world porping the world.
Portley, I'll be wrong.
Portley.
Not good, okay. WDQ, AAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Hey man, I, you know, I know you're getting more on to the mystery
and it's calling it today, but yesterday I was throwing up.
I'm 95.
Yeah.
And I saw the gigantic billboard shut up George.
It's Robert.
Um, and the shine billboard had two faces on it.
One was Gennelabastered.
Yeah.
And the other was some other tumult.
I don't even know who it was.
Probably Stu Gosset would think.
Show where.
No, but you were.
The side of the sign was covered by complete bird droppings.
Yeah, we know who's right above it.
It's painted that way.
Yes, painted that way to be cute to get rid of the intolerance.
It's a very weird thing.
I know, yeah.
Robert.
Very boring, Robert.
You're boring, so we don't care whether it's Robert.
In fact, if I was you next time, I wouldn't give my name.
I would want to hide in Scham as opposed to give my name
and get a little bit of an inflame.
Flame.
Oh my god.
I really feel for anybody who's like captured like you guys, for example.
Anybody who's captive audience down there has to be right.
Economic constipation.
Oh my god.
It is so sad.
Anyway, here's the poor result if I got time.
I don't think so.
Since Neil always gives us good advice.
If I was going to offer him one piece of advice, he doesn't need advice.
He knows it all.
396.
I know.
Don't ever retire.
203.
Make the move to satellite when I do now.
Stay the hell off my space.
149.
No chance.
Move back to mommy.
58.
No chance.
Stay off the ice cream 57.
No chance.
Retire now 49.
No chance.
Go straight 48.
Much less than no chance.
I hate this poll 43 and stop gambling 27.
Stop gambling.
And that's a good one to have right as I'm getting ready to make a quick run for woodmine.
I got my shirt, my pantaloonies, my shoe, my shoes, and during this next break.
I'm going to put on my heavy coat, my winter coat, and I'm going to stick my pills in one pocket.
And I would mind walling the other pocket.
What do you put in your name?
So best talent in this history.
Really hope you like it.
Stay high.
My heavy child.
Huh?
At 56.
WQA.
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
A-
He's president of the f***er.
Republished muscle dance, and an arched lady.
I don't know why they wanted one this year, but no he's here.
First time in their four years.
With president of f***er.
I want them f***er.
I want them f***er.
Oh, what I get, too.
No, both of us want.
And get to we all vote it for.
I don't know why.
Yeah, you want this.
No, no, no.
It's running stupidly
And the moment is broken rich kid
The moment is even government-me
He's president of the fuck
Yeah, don't care what it's all
You got him in by hooker and roll
The Christian road
No one knows what's best
You and I will help them fear
We got a great leader
Oh!
With president of the fuck
You have
President of the fuck
No no no no no
President of the fuck
Bye bye bye
