A lot like hot little boys, I'm like a moron.
Listen now.
Every time he sees me, it's the way God wants to speak.
He wants to take the city and cover it in the sweet.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can, cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
And I don't care what people are saying.
Just like Jesse Jackson.
We as black people.
It's coming, it's coming.
Surely God is man.
He compares the locals to a willy-wonka bar.
Chocolate.
Raynagan can.
Yes, Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
Good.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame for anything.
Chocolate at the end of the chocolate.
That chocolate ends up causing the end of all bond.
All this Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
No, I can.
Raynagan can.
Cause he wants to make you or leave peace.
You can't have New Orleans.
No other way.
No other way.
It doesn't mean it.
It doesn't mean it.
It doesn't mean it.
It doesn't mean it.
It doesn't mean it.
And there's the candy man for you.
It's a 10.02 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Let's go to Nallian's Nott.
It was a toilet before Katrina.
And now it's a real toilet.
And because he did such a pathetic, embarrassing job.
And not all those people go to the convention center of the stadium.
And because he did such a stupid job.
He and Brownie Brownie out of both have been tired and feathered and run out of town.
Brownie Brownie out of both have been tired and feathered and run out of town.
Hey, we got some tar for him.
That's right.
We got the tar.
You bring the feathers.
We got the tar, baby.
But anyway.
Let's start with that again.
You know what I mean?
I don't care.
Cause there's all the dark folks in Nallian's.
In America, doesn't care about dark folks or black folks, brown folks, uh, po folks.
Let's go to po folks.
I'll get the red soup and you get the white soup.
Okay.
Are they still in business, po folks?
I haven't seen them for a long time.
Well, boy, maybe that's maybe there's only a good around you.
An optimist.
Huh?
Things are looking up, man.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
Oh, and the best news of all.
It just, even though I lost my answer, would buy me yesterday.
No good machines, man.
Oh, oh, rather.
Woo.
Not good.
But anyway.
Uh, what was I about to say?
Oh, yeah, the good news.
Ah!
Really good news.
130.
Yeah.
Hurricane's warm up at 130.
Cause we got to get the half hour.
And I see there's a lot of spots in that half hour.
So that's all I care about.
As long as we get a lot of spots in there, we can get that hurricane pregame show.
And who the hell lots of hearing the arrangers till 2 o'clock?
And we sure don't want to be here till 2 o'clock, do we?
No.
No way Jose.
Or hey.
So Hurricane warm up at 130.
Hanson Merrill and the two at the ACC Touring and Tampa.
Oh, I've got your clarances over there right now.
Hyperventilating.
Like that.
Which Jose Gaki and of course everybody knows.
Jose Gaki sucks.
But anyway, then we got to after the ballgame.
The power hour with Hank all by himself.
Because again, mad dog ain't coming in for, you know, for half an hour.
A high paid guy like him, Big Shot X, Jack, uh, Showered Naked with the Boys.
He sure not coming in for a half hour by himself.
So the power hour with Hank kept the ballgaming and the Hank till 630.
See, if we had a program director and any brains, he wouldn't call it the power hour.
Because if there's only one person there, it's guy, he's an idiot.
But then again, he's at the basketball game.
Then you got your Panthers preview at 630.
The Panthers at the pathetic Philadelphia Flyers at 7 o'clock tonight.
That's again the Panthers ought to be able to win.
In fact, blindfolded without their skates on.
The Flyers suck.
I mean, I hate to put it in such grotesque terms that the flyer flyers blow.
Here's the pole from yesterday's show.
That's right, yesterday we worked a whole four hours.
I don't like that.
And tomorrow, of course, the good news is the ratings, the trends.
It's November, December and January.
Even though it's already the March the 9th tomorrow, but it's because those first two weeks of January, there's no ratings.
Right.
And so when you get to these early in the year trends are like pushed back.
So it's whatever it is.
Anybody care about those?
Oh.
I sure I'm sure the morning show is going to be watching that very carefully.
They're going to have their eye out.
Like, you know, Columbo and Sammy Davis are going to keep an eye on it.
Since you always offers us good advice, I was going to offer Neil one piece advice would be.
1353 votes and Neil doesn't need advice.
He knows it all.
436.
Almost a 30-the-audience think that I know it all.
Only if only.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Don't ever retire at 222.
Well, I'm not going to retire.
I'm going to keep working until I quote.
But Norma Kent doesn't know that.
And Joe Bellas knows that.
And the Beasley's don't know that.
But that's what I've been telling people.
I'm staying here.
You know something.
Even if they don't put the show on, I'm going to keep coming in here and doing a show every day.
Even if I'm just talking to myself and some days I feel like I am anyway.
What?
Make the move to Savley, 215.
Okay, I'm moving right now.
I'm on a chair.
I'm rolling a little bit.
I'm making the move.
Okay.
I'm making the move in my chair.
Ooh, look at that.
Stay the hell off my space, 161.
There are two chances of that happening.
Much less than none and zero.
And minus infinity.
I enjoy my space.
I've got some wonderful friends on there.
And, you know, well, then I had one guy with a...
I look at the...
You know, when people ask to be added, we have 256...
1256 friends.
And when they ask to be added, I was...
The one thing I do is I look at the profile.
If it's on like 13-year-old kid, I deleted immediately.
If it's anybody underage.
And then there's this one guy.
I figure it was his name, Billy Bob or some crap.
And he's got a swastika on there.
You know, and his profile.
Well, gee, how come you haven't added me, Uncle Lioba?
Because you were a Nazi ambassador.
We already got Nazi bastards running the country.
We don't need any Nazi bachelors in our MySpace page.
You Nazi Bachelors don't rule you.
Stay off MySpace 161, no chance.
Stay off the ice cream.
Maybe I've been doing that very well.
And by the way, 182 today, I backslided, I backslided upon.
Not because I ate anything.
You backslide just...
I backslided.
Well, that's the water thing.
You know, the water balance.
Right.
When it's that time of the month, you know, I retain water.
I say, 80.
It's not what I'm supposed to say.
Well, I'll get there.
Believe you me.
Trust me when I tell you.
I will get there.
I'll be there.
In fact, the next time I come down there, I'll be like in a low...
I'll be 170-ish.
I'm going to be so slim.
It will be just disgusting.
Oh, regardless.
I'll be disgusting.
Move back to 90-59.
There is no chance.
There isn't a chance in a hill.
If somebody gave me a certified check from million dollars and said,
okay, you already got a house here in plantation.
Just move back.
I would say, uh-uh.
No, thank you.
I asked the cameo vetist and goodbye.
Return now, 54.
Retire!
No.
Go straight, 51.
Oh, yeah.
I hit this poll 47ly, 3.4 percent and stopped gambling.
I should've heated that.
That's right down there in the bottom.
If more of you would've voted for that, you could've saved me a lot of money yesterday.
And believe me, it breaks my heart because that money could've gone towards something a lot more constructed,
toward many things more constructed, of anything.
But it just would've been.
There are a bunch of themes over there.
You'll loan it, it takes you many excursions.
Nobody drug me out there.
You know, nobody dragged me.
28 votes for stopped gambling.
Out of 1353.
So that's yesterday's.
Wait till you hear Doug Thompson's commentary today from Capitol Hill Blue.
You know what the headline is?
I give up.
Bergen Hell, Mr. President.
Oh, right.
Yeah, not that he, you know, is angry or, you know, Doug Thompson minces his words.
A lot of people are minced like freaky cargo south-earthed front desk.
827 votes on a day's poll.
Chris, you can relax.
Even though we get out of here earlier, 130.
Oh, look at this.
They made Rob Hammerhand the anchor now in scene.
He's a true surrac.
The surface military police.
There's a lot of ladies out there and a lot of queens, you know, who are just all obsessed
with Rob.
He looked pretty good there today.
Probably got a lot of makeup on.
But they made it into an anchor.
I mean, why waste his talents in the front of the weather map when he can be sitting
there like staring right in the screen.
Oh, Rob, you know, like that.
He's all right.
820.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the guy with the eyes gave up his David Cassidy blow
up down on that Rob Hammerhand's anchoring on CNN.
827 votes on a poll.
What do you miss most about your youth?
Now have we added this one?
No, we haven't.
Ron says my stamina.
And he says, not just for sex.
I can't stay awake past 10 o'clock anymore.
It says Ron.
Yeah, as you get older, you don't, you're not one of those people that stays up till
the wee hours of the morning.
I just, I can't handle that.
Not good.
Although it's for our stamina for sex.
I'm not really sure I know what that means, you know.
Maybe he needs some of that, you know, medication we advertise all the time.
Some of the medication that we have 80 million sponsor for, the ones that I keep getting
all this span, oh brother, if I don't get at least 4,000 span emails for that stuff
every day.
ED problems, yeah, I got your ED.
ED atoms.
ED Gorm.
I'm trying to think of who it was that once said that, called ED Gorma, ED Gorm.
But anyway, what do you miss most about your youth?
838 votes.
Isn't it amazing how with all these stupid things, then you might audio punk that.
There are new young people.
When you get to be an old fossil like me, you remember all this stupid crap and you
wish that you'd get out of your mind, you know.
Clear.
You wish you'd clear your memory so that you knew where your address was and where you left
the keys and where your car docked parts and stuff like that.
Although you don't have to worry about Florida where your car is parked because you get
one of them flower antennas.
My head, one of those.
ED Gorma, what are everybody else's that want to do?
ED Gorma, what if everybody else has the same flower?
ED Gorma, yeah, but it's not the same one.
You get your own unique flower.
ED Gorma, yeah.
Then you know where you're parked the car.
I want to hide biscuits.
ED Gorma, miss most about your youth sex with young people my own age, 170.
ED Gorma, what's wrong with sex people not my own age.
I'm wondering about that.
Being irresponsible had no real consequences, 142.
But when I sure wish I could turn a clock back man and be irresponsible.
My body, 125.
Yeah, my body when I was younger wasn't, yeah, it was okay.
And certainly a lot better than this.
And now that I'm losing this weight, you know how when you get old you don't exercise.
Even when, even if you do exercise, you get all this flap, it's just flap now.
It's just hanging it.
ED Gorma, right.
I need it chopped off.
Real music, 77.
Oh yeah.
I remember those days real music, not this swill, this garbised, this crap pola.
Oh, we had payola, now we got crapola.
Look what pop had.
Pop had jenko, look what we got.
Another godfives.
Fourth ringer.
I think he could have been 100 people.
I just swear at that.
Dancer is one thing you're following all over the floor.
What?
It's the matter with you.
I think it's just the real man.
Oh, you can bet your mama.
Anyway, real music is 78.
My hair is 62.
Being single 56.
American Americans were mostly like the broad 40 at all over the world.
All they loved Americans once upon a time before EW.
EW.
Being ignorant, as ignorance is bliss 37.
I hate this poll 35, 4% and adding to that.
Real radio, I voted for that 26.
Remember when radio was radio.
When men were men and women were women and radio was radio.
See, I just played that clip and right away Brandon's got an email on here immediately.
You are such a godfather, groupie, Brandon.
You're going to get a spanking pretty soon.
Segregation 24.
Being in school and actually learning something 23, I don't remember that.
I remember being in school but not learning it.
The cold war, at least we knew who the enemy was 11.
That's right.
If you had no idea who the enemy was and now, forget about it.
You got the soonies and the curbs and the shears and all the other crap.
The insurgents, the Taliban.
Real newspaper 7, I remember where, and my stamina to 857.
Just went on there, it's all they got up here.
Maybe that's what Ray needs a new pair.
Oh look at this, man burns genitals in jackass stuff.
Look, there's a whole bunch of good stuff here.
The others.
Idahoans call capital and Jesus' senses.
Well, there's all kinds of great stuff on here.
Man, I should kill some of you.
I mean, it'll be really entertaining.
I know, well, that's right.
Make it, baby.
Enter the 560 to 8M.
See Cruise contest and join us for it, hold the alert.
Fire!
Fire!
You'll be far away from women on this cruise.
It's an all-inclusive sports-vanade cruise.
Exclusively for men who talk about men.
To be around nothing but men aboard the drag star eyeliner.
Yo ho ho ho!
This is the way 2AM General Manager Joe will be.
Yo ho ho, Bell!
Ho ho ho!
You know there's nothing quite like a manly sport-hold cruise.
Especially if you want to hide for women.
They don't serve seafood if this all you can eat buffet.
Only sausage.
Ho ho ho!
You're standing here and having to see air and enjoy myself.
I'm reminded of the build and invoices piled on top of my desk.
And I'm afraid in trying to get this cruise.
And they damn well better delivered.
Jack Daniels.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, what the heck?
Oh, here you go, young fella.
Ho ho ho!
You have handed me a swivel to weed.
That's no regular weed.
That's a dollar weed.
Ho ho ho!
The 560 QAMC cruise.
Enter today to inhale that ocean spray.
Gifts registry.
High on sub-langure hand.
Access from the new hundreds-old page to our sport-hold radio website will be pointed by Joyce Law.
You might be an ignorance person.
I can't defend it.
Joyce Law.
I love it.
What a bitch.
Anyway, it's 1018 at 560 WAMC.
We've got 880 already on that pool.
880.
Boy, we'll be over 900 easy before they end the bissar.
And that thousands like slug-nend the third bases dizzyed in with say if he were alive today
and thank the Lord he ain't.
Okay, somebody factored a whole bunch.
Where do these come from?
These are good stories.
The magical facts machine that there's more.
And yesterday we really had.
I hate to say it, but we had some pretty good calls yesterday.
Yeah, we did.
We did.
Some new crazy people.
That means we're not going to get any today.
I don't care.
Oh, you'll see.
There'll be a call.
There'll be a call.
Yeah, I mean, good ones.
Yeah.
Okay, I was constantly attempting to do a movie stunt landed one man in the hospital
with burned genitals and another facing criminal charge.
Oh, brother.
Man, hot stuff, huh?
The men were trying to do a stunt from one of the jackass movies in which a character
lights his genitals on fire.
I mean, how dumb do you have to be to be doing that?
It's one thing to get hot.
I think the way to do it.
Medium dumb.
Jared W. Anderson, 20 suffered serious burns to his hands and genitals
according to the criminal complaint.
Randall D. Peterson, 43, who sprayed lighter fluid on Anderson, lit him on fire.
He went, when it got through, he was.
BAMING!
Was charged with felony battery and first-degree reckless endangerment in Oaklar County
Court on Tuesday.
When this is told police that Anderson, who was drunk, that explains it, volunteered
to do the stunt Sunday after watching the movie The Complain said.
Jackass.
According to the complaint, Anderson pulled down his pantaloonies and let pay their
Peterson's frame with lighter fluid.
When the fire didn't catch, when the fire didn't catch, Peterson sprayed more lighter
fluid on Anderson, splashing some of his clothing.
He tried again to light the fire, catching Anderson's genitals, hands, and clothing.
Anderson ran into the bathroom, jumped to the top and put the flames out.
He said he was.
BAMING!
Other, what's that?
Fire.
No.
Other guests took him to a Luther hospital.
Eventually, he was treated at Regions Hospital, Bern, in the St. Paul, Minnesota for a
second to read Burns.
It burns!
I'm sure that's what he was saying.
Anderson told police that we're called to the hospital, he didn't want anybody getting
trouble because of the stunt.
Peterson was freed on a $2,000 signature body as a hearing schedule, late fall 16.
If convicting, he faces up to 10 years in prison.
I don't see why he was trying to do his buddy a favor.
Well, there's all kinds of stuff.
Look at that.
What's clear is that Bill O'Reilly won't be speaking in April's tomorrow night.
What's not clear is why, since the Naples Daily News, maybe Joyce sent this to us from
over there on the West Coast.
That's the story about, I had a ho-ins called Capital in Jesus' Sances.
I can't wait to get to that.
But this is, uh, for mildly interesting.
Mm-hmm.
As of six weeks ago, O'Reilly was scheduled to be the keynote speaker to fundraiser for the
Tiger County Chapter, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
Well, we already know why, because he made those stupid comments about how that one
kid was having a good time and he enjoyed being kidnapped and he was having a great time
by a lot of the crap.
Oh, that's what it says here.
Then he made his infamous remarks regarding 15-year-old kidnapped victim Sean Hornback.
On January 17th, the National Accenticated Radio and TV host, who has no numbers in this
market, by the way, he doesn't even register a point anything on a Richter scale.
It's like a point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
That's, uh, the great below.
He suggested Hornback may have been complicit in his own captivity and joined the time off
from school and in front of video game.
And probably all enjoying all that forced sex to no doubt.
That started a wave of protest against both O'Reilly for his lack of compassion for the
young victim and the, uh, for, and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children
for hosting him.
Soon thereafter, O'Reilly was out as the speaker replaced by John Walsh.
Well, thank God what a good swap that was.
Was O'Reilly uninvited by the Senator?
Did he think better of his appearance?
Was it something else as the Naples Daily News?
And Brett Baton writes this, I wonder if he's kind of Ross Baton or Cotton Baton?
Then you ever hear that expression, Cotton Baton?
Yeah.
Oh, I thought maybe my mother just made it up.
But I mean, even the dinner ones that see, don't start with my mother again.
I mean, even the dinner ones that the principals haven't seen fit to went to directly.
On February 14th, I mailed Fox News producer Ron Mitchell says Brent, who works with O'Reilly
asking for a few words of explanation tomorrow.
Right, it was no longer the March 9th program.
He responded promptly, directed me to Fox News spokeswoman Erina Bergante.
A call Bergante referred me to Ernie Allen, the president of NCMEC.
That's the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children.
Allen Bergante said had letter on the subject who'd read it to me.
Allen did not return repeated messages left in his orifice.
The only so-called letter I could find was a short posting on the NCMEC website stating
in response to the numerous emails we've received, we're providing the following update
regarding the Carter County Photo Branch Fund raising dinner, Bill O'Reilly will not be
a speaker at the dinner.
Kathleen Corrattolo, director of the Carter County chapter of the NCMEC did not return
my call.
She said O'Reilly's can't contact with the organization in Beg Dock, claiming a scheduling
conflict.
Right, maybe so.
But why would O'Reilly spokeswoman referring queries to the NCMEC if the decision was
a schedule conflict on O'Reilly's end?
And if it was, why wouldn't the NCMEC include that tidbit and it's the oldest of change of
speakers?
O'Reilly is a stickler for details he regularly points out the media shortcomings, especially
when they before on his ass.
For example, a mixell contact to me on January 30th after I ribbed O'Reilly for calling
the Naples Daily News of paper with his conservative and editorial pages you'll find a left-wing
cabal.
Had I actually heard the comment, Mitchell wanted to know, had I taken O'Reilly's remarks
out of context?
I said I read the report of the statements to me but I paid five bucks to become a member
of VillaWriter.com so I could listen to the archivers and for myself.
Five bucks to become a member of that crack?
Wow, I'll take it.
I told him if he could come up with some other context for the statement, the Naples paper
you mean that's a left-wing cabal down there, you know how it is.
I'd be happy to consider it.
He said he'd go back and listen to the tape.
I didn't hear back from him until two weeks later when I saw an explanation for the
change in speakers.
Bottom line on O'Reilly presides over what he calls the Noah's Spin Zone.
When it comes to his canceled appearance in Naples, there's enough spinning going
on to weave a rug.
Mo.
Not that kind of rug.
Oh, there's Rob Henry again.
He was on Channel 4.
Brandon tells me he was on Channel 4 and they booted his ass off here.
He's been on CNN a long time.
He looks pretty good to me.
Hey Rob.
Oh man, looks good.
They got a lot of makeup on, I'm sure.
And he's been the weather guy on CNN for quite a while and everybody got all the rumors.
Oh Rob is gay.
Rob is straight.
Rob is hanging out with squirrels because he likes nuts or whatever.
Who cares what he is?
Is it really making any difference what anybody else is doing?
Unless you're in on it.
What difference is it made?
Right.
Unless you get to watch.
Oh, unless you're a Christian, you want to judge them.
No, that's right.
And then of course you think you got to get on.
Or watch, or both.
894 votes on a poll were varied by the bottom of the hour.
We got 900 licked.
Boise, Idaho, most people who call the legislative information center with the state cap are looking
for the district's lawmakers, not advice on the afterlife.
But that's what they get if they doubt the number for the center listed in the 2007 legislative
directory.
They help fill 78 page book that includes information on all 105 lawmakers in the Idaho
House and Senate support staff, legislative procedures and the wrong number for the center.
In a roughly 32nd message.
About 30 men.
Callers here after dying the bum number, a bubbly woman's voice begins, hi there.
Today would last day of your life, would you be ready to meet God?
If today were the last day of your life, would you be ready to meet?
Damn God.
She goes out of West callers to consider what Jesus Christ has done on their behalf so that
when your last day comes, you'll be ready.
A reverse directory shows the number which differs from the correct one by a digit belongs
to someone named D-shirts.
SHURTC.
D-shirts really hurts.
Maybe he's got the squirts.
Messages left after Nancy machine kicked in, we're not immediately returned.
900 votes even on the poll.
Man, I'm going to tell you this is going to be a banner day and we get out of here at
130 and we're really bummed out about it.
Bring God Bless America and face decent of G-string up here.
I'll do it.
Oh, right.
Americans, it's Paul Harface, standby for news.
A wealthy couple had planned to go out for the evening.
The woman of the house decided to give their butler G's the rest of the night off.
She said they would be home very late and that he should just enjoy his evening.
As it turned out, however, the wife was not having a good time at the party so she came
home early alone.
Her husband had to stay behind as several of his important clients were attending.
As the woman walked into her house, she saw G-s sitting by himself in the dining room.
She called for him to follow her and let him into the master bedroom.
She looked at him and smiled, G-s she said, take off my dress.
He did so.
Carefully.
G-s she continued to take off my stockings and guard her.
G-s obeyed.
G-s she said, remove my bra and panties.
And he did this.
The tension continued to mount.
She then said, G-s if I ever catch you wearing my clothes again, you're fired.
Paul Harface.
Good day.
Good day.
1031 at 560.
That's kind of cute.
You know, not like slap your ass and fold on it around laughing, but whatever.
You don't think?
It was cute.
It was cute.
How we doing on that pole, by the way, let's see.
910, not too bad.
910.
Too bad it's not like 120 in the afternoon.
It would be like 10 minutes away from.
And you may be right.
We may not get any calls today because we got a short show only 3.5 hours.
See, I just punched that up just to make sure I was working.
What do you tell me about?
Excuse me, getting a new internet building?
Well, good.
It's about time.
What's that going to happen?
When they fixed line one?
Yeah.
17 weeks from a circus.
The four great weeks from Tisha Bob.
Charles Benny Neal candidate for Rockingham County Circuit Court Clerk in Harrisonburg,
Virginia.
One's voters to know the naked truth about his past.
28 years ago, we posed in the buffer Playgirl Magazine.
What kind of guys we play Girl Magazine?
I'm not going to run from this meal, so I'm going to run with it.
Neal 49.
Neal, God.
Figured his past would be exposed anyway after his own internet search turned up a reference
to his failed attempt to parlay the modeling job at a music career.
So why not come forward from the start?
Good call said James Madison University Political Science Professor Bob Roberts who predicted
that some voters will give Neal credit for confronting the issue had on.
His advice to Neal, take a humorous approach.
Neal is self-employed in this man.
I'm going to make candidates for the clerk's job, so that's his plan.
If I can get them to smile about it, I might get their vote, he said.
When John Cornwell graduated from Duke University last year, he landed a job that, oh, there
it is, there's our call.
QIM, hello.
Yes?
I'm sorry, I have the wrong number.
OK.
When John Cornwell graduated from Duke University last year, he, what?
It's the wrong number for a friend, I'll log.
You know, he just made a wise guy.
He saw the STTB thing a hundred years ago, and I got the wrong number.
OK.
What's he trying to say is he's trying to say two things.
One, he's got no material in two.
I have no line.
We know both.
I think you're, I think I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's because we scared him more without you and basketball.
I know that's going to drive the audience like into hysterics.
They're going to be shrieking and running up and down the highways yelling at every
week, three hours early, though.
If we, effectively made it 10, 30 instead of one through, that would really improve that
whole deal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I got all kinds of stuff here, but we might want to take a call or two just
to be on the safe side.
And Palm 5, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
Your Rob Hanryhan looks pretty good there in tune.
I think they got a lot heavy, heavy, duty pancake makeup there.
They're photographing him from like under his chin, you know, looking straight up in
here.
All sorts of little tricks, tricks of the trade, is they say.
Oh, there we go.
There's a little smattering in it.
WQA M, hello.
There's a little leap down there.
WQA M, hello.
Come on, man.
That's 60.
That's going to be a lot.
What is it?
It's 5.60.
This is WQA M.
That's what I just said.
We're 5.60 on your AM scratchy bad.
Yes.
How do you feel?
I'm glad you got it.
This is it.
I'm on right now.
Sounds exactly like you or your identical Simeez twin.
This is papers.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
WQA M, hello.
Here I am.
This here I am.
No, it's 5.60 is what it is.
What a bunch of bows.
Can I talk to 5.60?
Okay.
Here's 5.60.
Talk to him.
Schmuck.
Jesus.
God.
You people, some of you people are so stupid that you make a box of rocks look like a bunch
of Suda Winneleg tools.
I mean, what the hell are we talking about?
Here the sound of the South Florida folks.
All you potential tourists is out there.
We want to take your hard earned money and to visit South Florida for an ice vacation.
Bask in the sunshine.
We got beautiful sunshine here for Christ's Day today.
I'm sitting here the sun is shining.
Man, it's just a beautiful day from the inside looking out.
And let me take a peek at that temperature.
It's only minus seven.
And this is the last day for the minus stuff.
It's going to reach minus four today.
We're talking about 1.26.
And tomorrow it's going to be plus one and Saturday plus five.
And Sunday, Sunday and 6th play like in the 40s again.
Oh right.
Oh right.
When a doubt thought right up.
Oh see now, now all of a sudden they want to call it.
Now they want to play.
Can the collars come out and play?
And like that.
What's this the rest of the stuff?
Oh, and look at this Charlie B.
Thank you Charlie B.
Look at all the poles coming in here.
Wow.
Charlie B. What a maniac.
Almost elumentic.
They would have been insulting.
What like I said, what a elumentic.
Thanks Charlie.
Are there's more?
How many did he send?
Like a hundred?
Good.
That should take us all halfway through the year.
When John Cornwall graduated from Duke last year he landed a job as a software engineer in Atlanta.
But soon found himself longing for his college lifestyle.
So the engineering graduate built himself a reminder of life on campus.
A refrigerator that can toss a can of beer to his couch with a click of remote control.
Let me read that again.
A refrigerator that can toss a can of beer to his couch with a click of a remote control.
In other words, lazy bastard.
So I can see you.
Right after I got out said Cornwall and I made 2006 graduate from Huntington, New York.
I missed the college scene.
It embodies the college spirit that didn't want to let go of.
Oh yeah, that's like me with all of them big half gallons of mysterbrow.
Oh, that's all I think I guess about the only thing I can remember from college is drinking lots of mysterbrows.
Just think how much fatter you'd be if you didn't have to get up off the couch to get that mysterbrow.
It took the 22 year old Cornwall about a hundred and a half an inch out to my room.
It took the 22 year old Cornwall about a hundred fifty hours and four hundred bucks in parts to modify a mini fridge.
Come at many college dorm rooms into the beer tossing contraction which could launch ten cans of beer from its magazine before needing a reload.
It pushed the button and the constant readyed out.
Catch it out.
With a click of the remote fashion from a car, a key's a car's keyless entry device.
A small elevator inside the refrigerator lets the beer can through a hole and loads in the fridge's catapult arm.
A second click fires the device tossing the beer up to twenty feet far enough to get to the couch, you said.
Is there a foam explosion of the can is open?
None of the four recipients uses soft hands to cradle the can when caught.
So just remember if you're going to handle the can, you soft hands depending on who's can you're handling, I guess.
Especially if it's pimpley or not.
In developing his beer catapult Cornwall said he did it a few walls and came close accidentally throwing a can through his TV set.
He since fine-tuned the machine fine-tuned the machine to land a beer where he was recently sent to home on what he called a right angle couch system.
For now the machine throws only cans although Cornwall has thought about making a version of a barrel.
The most beer he's run through the machine was at a party when he launched a couple of twenty four can cases.
I did launch a lot watching the Super Bowl he said.
My friends and I are the reason, are the reason I build it.
I told them about the idea and hyped it so much I had to go through with it.
A video featuring the devices that hit on the internet were more than six hundred thousand people have watched it at the Metacaffa.com
earning Cornwall more than three thousand bucks from the website.
I'll ride.
Cornwall said he's talked to a brewing company about the machine but right now only one exists.
As soon as he might start building some for sale he said, I'm keeping that option open depending on interest.
When Cornwall was a student at Duke and elite private university in Durham were the Humper went by the way to Duke.
Is that where they had the Foney scandal with the soccer players? Yes.
He participated in the engineering school's robotic basketball contest,
said mechanical engineering professor Bob Keel.
He said students tried to build a robot that could retrieve a ping pong ball and tossed it into a small hoop.
He always did well and the cool Keel said he came over there completely unique idea.
He's unique.
I've got so much time on his hand.
And not much else.
Let's see, Otis Moore pulls coming up and I thought maybe they were the whole thing.
Moli, wow.
And Charlie B also says,
uh, a fax.
He says,
one of the best pieces of advice I ever heard from you was from a news item he read about a year ago.
Thanks Charlie B.
Oh man, do I have a good advice or what?
Oh.
I try.
A medical study showed that taking about a daily teaspoon of cinnamon help prevent diabetes,
lower cholesterol and lower blood pressure, and that for 40 days of doing this,
the body starts to see some benefit.
Why didn't I forget about that 40 days?
It's a good food.
Yes, it's full of cinnamon and zenith.
Mm-hmm.
I see.
Who did that?
Boca.
Really?
That's a bit.
That's a bit.
I thought it was a...
It's a good food.
A spoon for cinnamon mix.
A medicine for down.
And probably not just a medicine either.
A medical study, I just read that.
I remember the article about the first of the year when I'm on the Corrupt Ritzen Studies findings,
started sprinkling cinnamon in some of my food every day, the results are in.
I'm happy to say my blood pressure which was borderline has dropped since the first of the year,
and while I don't have diabetes knock on wood, Charlie says,
I feel more confident that I'm doing something that will cut my risk of ever developing it.
I do like cinnamon.
Only problem is I like cinnamon toast,
and the post-acrossing of blood sugar, skyrocketing can't have no bread if you've got a good food.
And it doesn't take a trip to the doctor, doctor's prescription.
Only a trip to the grocery store for a simple and cheap little model of spice.
I've been eating and enjoying all my life.
All my life.
All of these things.
I pass the word on to family and friends, the lack of the medical wonders of cinnamon.
So thanks enough for bringing it to my attention,
and I hope cinnamon is working wonders for you too, and mostly for all your audience.
Wow.
I'm not doing any.
Actually, I'm going to go out today and get cinnamon.
I'm going to eat it by the pound.
I'm going to just take a hold, again, it's like one pound of sugar, cinnamon.
And just hop in the tunnel.
This is my morning and the show.
That richer reminds me of my mother.
If you're over 175, you could be suffering from a swollen prostate.
Listen.
Don't tell my mother that they want a star of my magnitude.
They're going to have the painting to be on the air.
Why, you're more than very negative.
Oh.
Oh.
Who's with the joy?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
My prostate's growing much.
This is the serious problem for older men.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I need to get ready.
See, that wasn't...
Not only was it done softly there at the very end, but it should have been...
Don't do it or not.
Not that.
Well, I had to leap something out there at the very end, because clearance was all upset that it sounded like a fart sound, guys.
We don't want to play that.
Okay, so we didn't play it.
Instead we played.
Or maybe even one of these.
Okay, let's take a look at that award winning poll right now and see how we're doing.
But we're going to get out of here at 130.
That sounds like a real swell-assplunded idea to me.
A capital idea is they say in the capital.
937 votes, boy.
We're getting close to 1,000, not even 11 o'clock yet.
Damn it.
Here's the poll.
Well, that's Charlie Beeman.
We ought to put him on the payroll for the poll, indeed.
I got a poll.
We got him, let's have 50 poll ideas for me.
Man, he sends good ones too.
Which is, I'm not saying that anybody else sends bad ones, or that George River
come up with a bad poll idea, that would be a very, very bad emission,
an admission to make.
Not good.
But we do.
What do you miss most about your youth?
Sex with young people my own age, 187.
I can honestly tell you, I never had sex with the young people my own age when I was a, you know.
Well, I guess maybe I did, you know, just talking about a little adolescent experimentation, you know what I mean?
I'm sure you do.
Being irresponsible had no real consequences, 155.
My body, 139.
Oh, how I miss my body.
Real music, 183.
My hair, 68.
In fact, that's what you're going to be saying when you're all up in heaven, this whole audience, because they listen religiously to,
I'll be in heaven and they're going to say, what do you miss?
Oh, my body.
Oh, no.
Real music, 83, my hair, 68.
Being single, 66.
American Americans were mostly like to broad 50.
We were like popular, man.
Oh, yeah, you're from a delamadica?
Oh, yeah.
Being ignorant, as if, for example, ignorance is bliss 40.
I hate this poll 38.
Real radio 28.
Well, I sure remember those days.
Long, long time ago, like that song goes.
Segregation 27.
Being in school actually learning something 25.
I never got around with that.
There's a lot of hand-rehanigating.
It was real pretty, man.
It looks like a pretty guy.
The Cold War, at least we knew who the enemy was 13,
my stem, why would anybody miss the Cold War?
Well, what is it?
What does that mean?
Is that supposed to what we got now?
Oh, you know, they just, the dust.
Top half of the world.
Look what we got now.
I guess that's what that means.
My stem, no trouble.
Real newspapers, seven, when people used to actually read it.
He knows something.
His data's crazy when it comes to their minds.
I think that's crazy.
You can't take this.
I am.
Seven, man.
Are you lost?
They took their minds back.
I am in the blood.
I am.
It's interesting.
Now, that was on Spike, which is a cable channel, as you know.
And of course, the word she says there was the, was Schmidt.
But even on the cable channel,
it's not they bleeped out four letter words.
Oh, that's what it was.
No, it's not.
I got nothing to with offended.
I don't want to let you find it.
No, you know, even on what's on cable.
Would you pay for the cable for those channels to come at your home?
You pay a premium.
They come in over a, you know, wire.
The FCC's got absolutely no business threatening anybody.
The federal government, that if you say Schmidt or anything on the year,
we're gonna like find your ass and it's gonna be a big, big deal.
But even the cable channels are bleeping crap on them.
No!
Oh!
I need to know it.
Get me to my mom!
Get out!
Right now!
I can control it, my.
In my brother's cradle, you don't have to apologize to me.
No, not yet.
The later on in the movie, he did, because in my room,
in my room, my children, where my wife sleeps,
when my children play with their toys.
Things like that, remember that scene?
Oh, yeah.
They're in the brawl of them.
But anyway.
Hey, remember Johnny Ola?
See, that was the thing.
That was the thing that was the...
I thought that was the thing.
He had that big, it's how he didn't know it.
He was sniffing around for a long time.
And then as soon as he saw,
freighted with Johnny Ola.
Yeah.
Anyway, Doug Thompson writes one of his really great calms,
Capitol Hill Blue.
He says, the verdicts came enthused in the trial former Vice President
Schultchief of Staff, Lewis Scooter Libby,
guilty on four or five counts.
In a perfect world, that would be enough to get Congress off its politically shy butt,
and start impeachment proceedings against the corrupt administration of President George W. Bush.
Four guilty verdicts against Libby is more than enough to warrant impeachment.
The trial stripped away the clook to secrecy from most duplicated White House in modern times.
If lying about a oral sex, see, I can't read that.
From an intern, provides sufficient grounds for impeachment of a previous president.
How can lying about taking the nation to war,
subverting the Constitution outright obstruction of justice,
not just by removing Bush and his cabal,
from office by whatever legal means necessary?
I guess I could have said BJ.
Oh, don't do that.
Then we've claimed BJ Thomas music.
At the very least, the Libby trial revealed how Vice President Dick Cheneur orchestrated a coordinated White House effort
to destroy the lives of former Ambassador Joe Wilson and his wife,
covert CIA-appritive Valerie Plain.
It showcased extraordinary lengths the administration would employ to protect its manufactured lies used to justify any legal and immoral invasion of Iraq.
The trial esposive the White House is a venal, corrupt criminal enterprise,
where political expediency replaced truth, and American lives would be sacrificed to protect personal agendas.
At the center of this criminal conspiracy,
sat Cheney and Carl Rove, Bush's brain, the political guru, were the president's ear.
Bill Clinton, boy, Monica Lewinsky went to trial before the Senate for saying he didn't do the nasty,
Richard Nixon did far more but as many crimes pale on significance to the corruption of the Bush administration,
Nixon resigned rather than face impeachment and certain convictions.
Bush, however, remains in office continuing to drive the nation toward disaster
while the new Democratic leadership of Congress takes impeachment off the table and says we all just have to learn to get along.
Enough! The Libby trial documented in excruciating and exacting detail the many criminal activities of a White House out of control,
special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald says his job is done.
In a single-focus world it is. He was appointed nail somebody in the CIA lead case and he did so.
It doesn't matter that Libby is the fall guy for the bigger fish, we needed a head on a platter and Libby spits nicely.
But the issue goes far beyond who leaked Valerie claims name to the media, it goes to the heart of a corrupt political administration that lied,
covered and instructed to protect the use of falsified intelligence to justify a pre-planned war that is so far cost more than 3,100 American lives,
along with thousands upon thousands of rackets of evidence.
When the Schmidt hit the fan of release of claims name, Bush promised the American people that anyone connected with a affair would be gone from the White House.
Time for Bush to live around that promise. He should fire Carl Rove, he should take the steps necessary to rule by President Dick Cheney from office,
and then he should resign as President.
Absolutely correct sir.
In his past time to purge the White House of the Kansas that infected the body of politics, if Bush had one shred of honor, one ounce of decency,
or even one micron of honesty he would do so. But he doesn't.
So we're left with hoping that somebody else can step forward and take the necessary steps to remove his line, criminal ass from an office he never deserved,
and dishonors by his very presence.
I know the chances for such are slim, too slim given the cowardice of Congress and assistant designed to protect prox like George W. Bush.
I can only take salvation in the fact that on some day of the distant future, Bush's time will run out and he will meet his maker.
On that day, he'll receive the eternal damnation he deserves, because not even God will be able to forgive the many sins of the 43rd President of the United States.
But how do you really feel, Lugy? Doug Thompson pissed off and fired up baby.
And you know what they say in the sports segment on the station, though, if I don't find the damn thing.
If God gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Right. Another idiot. Another moron. Another one of those sports nerd morons.
Give me the ball. Give me the ball. What the score? What the score? How's it doing? You know, like now now that tomorrow the trends come off.
Baby, and it's going to be a real, real, real, real inventory day if you ask me whatever the hell that means.
It's going to be much more revealing, more revealing than taking your clothes off in the middle of the town square.
It's going to reveal some real pimples, man. And not just on the ass of progress.
945 votes on our award-winning poll today. Who sent this one? I forget some, some, some, some, some, something.
Yeah. Little something, something. What do you miss most about your youth? Sex with young people.
My own age, 191. When you were young, you know, when you were young, you shouldn't want to do old people.
Damn it. Being the irresponsible had no real consequences. 156. My body, 139.
My music 83. My hair for 68 being single 67. American Americans were more so they liked it brought 50.
Being ignorant as it ignores his bliss, 41. Yeah, who gives a crap about all this depressing stuff, right?
Let's just go out and get laid and have a wonderful time. Yeah, when you're young, that's all you care about.
Right? Oh, yeah. I hate this for all 38. 4%. Real radio 28. Not get all that many and it's because most of these people can't remember when radio was worth, you know.
Especially AM radio. Segregation 27. Oh, being in, I wonder if that Billy Bob guy with a swastika hooded 28 times.
27. Being in school actually very something 25, my stamina 14, the cold war, at least we knew who the enemy was 13 in real newspapers, 7 out of 949.
So you have to miss a real newspapers that much anymore. First of all, I got the Toronto star and the Globe and Mail and the sun which is a piece of right wing propaganda and the national post which is even more right winging and garbage.
But it was four, four daily newspapers and that's talking to you. How many you got to one for Brad one for Palm Beach, one for Narendra, one for here and one for over there and all this other crap.
Remember when you're like 700 daily newspapers, when people, but now you don't need it because you can go online and read this stuff if you care about that stuff.
Unless you're young, of course, what's like I said, all you want to do is maybe get stoned, get laid and go out and have a great time. Right? Right. And what's not to like about that?
You'll watch your show.
You'll watch your show.
You'll watch your show.
Any questions?
Your president needs 20,000 or more young men and women in Iraq now.
If you love your president, you will get your life for his friend, Corporations.
Do your part to help secure the oil fields, permanent bases and of course the fabulous new Iraq embassy.
By knocking on doors of Iraqi residents to win air hearts, let's fight together over insurgents who are in Iraqi residents.
If health insurance is crossing you in army to the leg, why not really have a crossing in army to the leg?
See a military recruiter or go directly online to Blackwater or Kaki Corporations to sign up and die today.
Oh, let's get up there.
Okay. I'm busy corresponding.
Okay. No problem.
Brandon is just out of control.
They do some work, Brandon. Okay. Go to work and do something.
Somebody's talking.
111560. You want to know what I wanted to play?
County.
I want to be raised.
Why don't you stay with us for the family?
You can live here on the estate with your kids.
You won't be deprived of anything. You can have everything you want.
I don't know what this is. I don't know what he does. I don't know what he lives on.
I want you to tell him that I have a question and you don't want to see him anymore.
Just like that. No problem.
He'll understand.
I'm pretty sure he's dead now and quite frankly who cares.
He had the most bizarre, like a flat nose.
Jack Jones had a same thing. Remember the singer?
The bandit.
He ran into a wall.
Somebody sliced it off for something to kind of healed up.
They've been describing it well.
966 on the pole.
We're on the verge of a thousand.
This is a half hour boy.
The audience is going to be buzzing about that.
WQAM. Hello.
QAM.
Is that something like there's somebody on there?
No. Dead. Dead is the door.
That was the one that was ringing too.
I thought boy it's going to be between now and 130.
It's only two and a half hours.
Rather than sitting here, I've got a very impressive pile.
In fact, I'm going to get some bandaid surgery forth.
I told you that time about that one quack,
Proctologist there in Tamarack.
Try to do the old bandaid routine.
Yeah.
Not the bandaid, the rubber band thing.
Remember we were playing rubber band for my hemorrhage?
Yeah.
That's one of the biggest scams they got going.
They tie, oh I don't want to do it.
No, it's not.
They go in there.
They take rubber bands.
Yeah.
Okay.
Around your roise.
Oh, hey, you're man.
I didn't let him do it.
I got a second opinion.
He was all set to do it, man.
That was the operation to do yours,
of gallbladder surgery.
Which operation is big this month, Doc?
You know?
WDQAM, hello.
I thought you were there.
QAM.
Ah!
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
This is a guy's long time listening at first, time caller.
I just want to let you know that I'm from the police,
and every time I go to Miami, I hate it because everybody
speaks to me in Spanish.
Oh.
It's the best entirely.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
My solution to you is don't go to Miami, sir.
That's my solution.
What the hell is he from?
Yeah, hunger.
2007, mark it down.
It's the 8th of March, 2007.
I hate when I go to Miami, everybody pick it up on me.
Yeah, well, I don't go there, okay?
And when we're the hell with what banana boat did he get off of for quite a while?
He's a little bit of a...
He had an accent.
That's some kind of accent.
Go back where you came from, pal.
Get one of those good old worn out rubber rafts.
Get a good year tire.
Get one of my perfect good year tires, man.
Those things are indestructible at last forever.
Just hop on the keeper's scale and just start paddling with your arms.
Okay, just start paddling and paddling frantically and furiously.
And go out there right behind WIOD where it used to be.
What is there now?
Did they ever sell that building?
On the corner of the building?
No, the building's still there.
I think it's storage for Channel 7 now.
Storage?
I think it's probably the Channel 7 closet.
They need all that space for the Channel 7.
I think that's the other building.
WCAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Mill.
Yes.
Hey, where's the guy that said wave your magic wand?
Probably our planer.
What's one with it?
Andy Devine.
Yeah, shit.
I couldn't remember his name.
Buster Brown show, pal.
A Buster Brown show.
That's it.
I got it.
Okay.
All right.
You got it.
I'll write and hopefully you'll get rid of it before the year is out.
Yeah, this got to be saying before about the great calls we had yesterday.
Even the ones that were infuriating and exasperating.
At least they were like living and breathing.
Different living and breathing, A-holes is supposed to.
567-0560.
Pound 560 on the horizon.
Singular wireless line.
There'll be a very, very quiet Thursday.
It could be wrong.
Are you predicted to write the answer?
Did you know something I didn't like?
Maybe the transmit is off or what?
No, I just, because you were talking about it the other day.
You see?
There's an old you into a fault.
And that's the day.
And all of a sudden it's like, oh, we didn't have them to say the day.
We love you.
Love you, son.
Shout out bolt yesterday.
QA and hello.
Bolt.
Hello, William.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Buster Brown's day.
Canada sucks.
Yeah.
Good.
My state of hell away then.
Okay.
Canada sucks.
There's another bringing call from South Florida.
Canada sucks.
All right.
The cream of the crop, baby.
The intelligentsia.
These are the, well, if you were just on serious, that guy was good.
That guy was having like apple flex even though I wouldn't listen to his crap.
If you were just serious and go to an XM or a series on and on a Kipper P.
I said, it's not going to happen.
Forget about it.
I'm doing just fine.
All the money's coming in.
Everything is just great.
Everybody's happy.
Just come and hold on.
If you were on serious or just screaming and ranting and ranting and raring like a lunatic.
WDQYM Hello.
They're coming in by the ones today, you know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh.
QYM.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
WDQYM Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, sweetie.
Yeah.
Who the one that said peace, love and happiness.
Skip a chuck.
Okay.
Can you say a bell call to her little song?
Wow.
Woo!
You were right, man.
Yesterday it was like we- this day was like Nirvana.
It's more like, uh...
Yeah.
Crapola.
It's more like Anne Murray.
Not a mind-in-ring.
Celine Dion.
She's the one that gives me- it's Peter Canada sucks.
That's the only- because it's Celine Dion, I think.
WDQYM Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is George still having the problem with the-
uh-uh-talk coming in?
No.
Back off.
We've grown to like it now.
Neil, is George still having the problem with the issue if you're still having the problem?
No, I'm not here right now.
WDQYM Hello.
Hey.
Yeah.
How'd I know why that uh-
governors of South Florida are attacking the people out of their homes?
They're doing what?
Attacking the people out of their homes.
Proper access.
You got to get the governors of South Florida?
I'll whoever it is in charge of.
Yeah.
The- the tax doctor, okay.
We'll call him up and ask him.
WDQYM Hello.
I'm starting to get into this now.
QYM Hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'm a listener from twenty-six years ago.
Yeah.
He sound like it.
And uh- I just want to thank you for getting these straight-up religions.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll pray for you, Schmuck.
Forgive me straight-up religion.
Yeah.
He was gay on it.
Wait for it.
The clocky coming out there at the end.
Sound like he had about 400 pounds of flim.
He was ready to unload on the entire audience.
Now, 182 votes on the poll every time I refresh it.
They're coming in like a little chumps which it sounded like he had a few in his throat.
His throat.
Mm-hmm.
Thanks for straightening me out on religion.
Yeah.
Sound like you could use a meal straight in our pal, although I think in your case, highly unlikely.
WDQYM Hello.
WDQYM Hello.
I'mider.
Yeah.
WDQYM What is it?
WDQYM Hello, sir.
What do you want?
WDQYM You asked your mama, okay, your mama.
Speak with regard to you- well, this was just the schedule.
I thought it was something- this yellow thank goodness isn't the next week's schedule.
I'll see- my name is still on.
So, I guess I'll show up.
You never know when you got normal candidate as an agent when they might just shut the old
faucet right off you know you never really know what that norma don't be
sent to me no more stupid emails normal you're idiot you you ferry w-o-o-o-m-h-o
to
Hello,
yeah, yeah, you're after them boys have worked when I can never here for a
uam hello thank you, yes, alright pacur
want to call you no, I call you and the
barrels ofiano
to conclude the thing mind
messing about wrong fact mesh
yeah
I'm excited
Well, the rest of the audience isn't, but I'm glad for you.
Hey, there are a bunch of clutches.
Okay, good luck to you probably.
I only need it.
Okay, there's a guy who found a good machine in Vegas, and he's going back this weekend to give the money back. Good.
Well, I had a bad, I had a rough day yesterday. I started with the dollar machines, and I was doing okay for a while, and all of a sudden it went sour.
And I tried another one that was really sour, and I tried another one that was really, really sour.
Oh man, it was like the sour patch kids.
And then I went to the $5 machine, and sour wouldn't even begin to describe it.
It was just one of those days, but it's only money, and WQAM, hello.
Okay, you played at 15, no dropper, and I love it.
WQAM, hello.
How are those, what are them doing? It's treating you.
WQAM, hello.
I caught a hammerhead shark. What should I do with it?
WQAM, hello.
I was going to say give it hammer, but then I probably should say give it WQAM, hello.
Hey Neil, you're going to wish you happy anniversary.
Okay, a little later, but that's all right.
I hope your next one's a napkin one.
That's all I'd say.
Neil understand, please me.
You want me to come?
Come on, come on.
If you don't listen to me, marry this man.
Don't make me very angry.
Good to disappoint me.
Well, actually, disappoint. Don't think that it's a point, but when Michael gets angry then,
yeah, his eyes start back and forth.
Then he gets really crummy if I'm off. Don't ever ask me about my business again.
I love the thing where she's telling me it was an abortion and it was a boy.
He slams right across the couch.
Slams that bitch right across the room, straight and harassed out real fast.
988 on the pool.
When we come back from the break, I bet we got a thousand men.
Chris is going to be doing a kazaski up and down the hallway.
You'll see the two team hard away.
I hate basketball players.
I don't like to be around basketball play.
The biggest names.
The best talent is the big old right away.
They have sinewy cast muscles.
They're sweaty from going up and down and up and down the hardwood all night long without getting tired.
I don't want to be in the locker room with them or watch all of them in the steamy shower together playing
and a man.
Just thinking about it.
I'm thinking about it right now.
Wow!
Never mind!
1117-560 W. Kermits.
Before the show today, George was telling me all kinds of stories about freaky carol, sorry receptionist,
whose behavior just was very existence is unacceptable just on the face of it.
But whose behavior evidently is much worse than ever anticipated or...
That's another good reason for me not to be there.
Hey, it's all comic relief.
Oh, is it really?
Yeah, if you have the stomachache.
Oh.
Now, this fact that you just sent me here, did I talk about this like two weeks ago about...
...Jazelle Womchin is pregnant and allegedly by Tom Brady and then we had...
We had that one that fax that came in or that article and that was it...
Yeah, it was a fax.
Yeah, but who thought?
I always thought he was a clean cut guy, you know?
Clean cut guys don't have sex with their girlfriends.
Okay, just remember that.
Clean cut guys aren't playing the old slide of the Salami routine, okay?
So let's get serious.
Are they?
Oh, they are.
What?
I mean, what a stupid comment.
I thought he was a clean cut guy.
So in other words, clean cut guys aren't supposed to be having sex.
Is that what that's supposed to mean?
Yeah.
Jesus, God.
There's only one kind of guys that I know who are having sex with their girlfriends and that's...
Yeah.
That's right.
A Brazilian website reported yesterday that Tom Brady's girlfriend, Jazelle Womchin, may be pregnant.
And if so, the Patriots quarterback is the father.
Here's something for your father.
According to a popular celebrity website,
what does that say?
gmlourama.com.br.
Womchin would be no more than two months pregnant, but may already have told select friends and family.
The brief item was written by Joyce Pasquich, who is the Brazilian equivalent of New York Post-Richard Johnson.
Oh, I can't say Johnson.
Brady's agent Don Yee did not return a phone call and Womchin's representative did not have the report.
Two weeks ago Brady's ex-girlfriend actress Bridget Moynihan, oh, this is a different one.
Oh, I see.
I'm confused.
Excuse me.
I can't keep track of all these young ladies that he's impregnating.
Excuse me.
Nice going, Tommy.
He's busy.
Okay?
He's a busy beaver.
Well, two weeks ago Brady's ex-girlfriend actress Bridget Moynihan revealed that she's pregnant and prayed Brady's the father.
He wants to be like George Washington.
He wants to be the father of our country.
What's wrong with that?
At a boy, Tommy.
Moynihan's representative had no comment on the possibility of a Bunchan baby.
Brady 29 Moynihan 30.
He said, wouldn't you think that at this stage of his life he'd have a little more common sense?
They'd be doing like a little bit of something, a little protection there.
I mean, there's all these pills and devices and things, you know.
Maybe he wants to have a Bunchan baby.
Brady 29 Moynihan 36, dated for nearly three years before breaking up in mid-December.
Soon after the two-time Super Bowl MVP began dating the Brazilian Supermodel,
they pretty peer-recently enjoyed five star stays in Paris, Milano, and Al-Roma,
and life in style with these important met Bunchan also took Brady to meet her parents and Porto Allegro, Brazil.
Porto Allegro, excuse me, I think.
I can't read this.
Bunchan, who's dated, oh!
Bunchan, who's dated Leonardo DiCaprio and surfer Kelly Slater,
who was also dating your favorite, the least favorite, the bitch Pamela Lee,
recently told Vanity Fair that she's like to have children, but she's no hurry.
Surprise!
I'd be lying if I said I didn't want a family, but my parents have been married for 35 years and have six children.
She said, think as I'm just 26 years old, so I have plenty of time, she said.
I'll have an empty time.
Oh, and look at this. I guess Sean is really upset about the trolley B,
because Sean just came out of the closet now, and here's a couple more polls.
Thank you, Sean. You're still okay with our book.
Okay, you don't take a backseat to anybody, although Theo Fourier was in the backseat there,
and he forgets that he didn't know what was going on.
He didn't feel a thing.
Says, muzzle top on your weight for the love of Christ.
Don't forget to begin an exercise regimen.
Oh, and as Sean, Jesus, don't forget to begin an exercise regimen.
Rye, you're doing a lot of leg lifts, right?
Especially now that spring is near.
You're lifting this, okay?
I was doing a lot of batting at the...
I was doing a lot of tapping at Woodbine yesterday and Gordon's Telfen.
You're like it more than you think when you are in training.
When you are in training, it greatly reduces the chances of...
I mean, Sean, you must forget.
And you ever seen me, Sean, you know who I am?
Fat old, fat junior.
You know who I am?
Let me see your sideways here.
Look at the mirror.
Oh, geez.
I'm picturing you in the sweats with...
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
When you're in training, greatly reduces the chances of depression.
I'm not the least bit depressed.
I'm a very, very happy person.
You know, ankle weights might not be a bad idea.
Yeah, I got your ankle weights.
That's for giving the carloas, so can't keep his ass on the ground.
Anxiety, effective jet lag.
I've been flying to Europe so many times.
You know, I've been traveling 100 times to Europe over the last 20 years.
How many years are I going?
20 years now.
This is my 20th anniversary.
Not only my 31st year anniversary on the year, but my 20th anniversary of my Europe
trips to Amsterdam and Cologne and Berlin and Hamburg and Frankfurt and Stockholm and Helsinki
and Paris and Rome and Milan and Bologna and where else am I?
And Fadinza.
Nothing like Europe, baby.
Let me tell you right now.
I'll do people out there because it's now the 8th of March.
And you know what people are starting to get ready to plan right now?
They're starting to plan their summer vacations.
And fall over the house they got time off from there, working their asses off.
Italy and all of Europe, all of Western Europe, man.
And I know I just Western Europe, this Prague and Budapest lots of places to go.
Lots of things, lots of people to do.
I mean, see?
It goes on and says, oh and also when you exercise improves Mr. Wiggly's staying power.
You know, see, that's one thing about, I don't want to get too graphing at all of this.
One thing about the joys of being gay is that you don't have to worry about it.
You don't have to worry about the myth of simultaneous orgasm as in heterosexual sex,
which of course, I guess in that case, if you got a good actress for a partner,
it's just fine.
You know, or a bad actress, you think, well, who cares?
Might as well get it over with anyway.
Just part of the joys of being gay.
As far as straight men, technically your ladyfax is partly correct into aspect.
Oh, you're going to hate Sean too here.
I read it.
He says, of course, incarceration will sometimes cause otherwise straight men to turn to other men
in the same way a guy stuck kind of deserted island will eat all the coconuts inside.
This doesn't make him a vegetarian.
That's a good analogy there.
I like that.
Any social work will tell you, boys who are sexually abused by men often repeat the abuse
on others of the same sex.
This is an acting outward trauma.
Right. That's a different thing.
A different category.
Right.
Okay.
There are a few things that I repeat.
Can I read Sean's thing here?
You're going to get, this is the hardest thing, man.
You just cannot control himself.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
You could sit there in a coma, the entire show.
You were in a car.
In a tar, in a tar few movies coma.
That's a tar, that's a tar, can't have a rational conversation about it and you shut the other person up.
But I'm reading you guys facts here.
We can discuss it when we're done.
Although I want to keep discussing this every day.
I don't care.
I know.
I don't care if they're straight.
I don't care if they're by.
I don't care if they were gay.
I don't care if they're 85.2 on a Richter scale.
It is a no, well, what difference does it make what ladybug you put on somebody?
Okay.
If they're hot and they're ready, you know, it's like a load of it's hot and it's right.
Let's have meaning.
These are extremes of circumcised stance.
And I don't think it was what George was talking about, says Sean.
He may have been rebelling against the gay fantasy that straight guys who might strike out with the tricks at the nightclub will be lustily seeking.
Oh, I can't read boy-ass that very night.
That's bad.
Well, that's what he wrote.
Gay guys fantasize about doing a straight guy.
The same way all straight guys fantasize about a Menager twok.
That's right.
And then it's just got a couple of pulls.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay, Sean, just calm down.
Just because some people don't like certain labels doesn't change the meanings of words.
There are lots of gay guys.
I've got these two with me whether I like labels or not.
No, no, I'm not interested in them.
I don't care about them.
So see, I got confused about Giselle Bunshin and Bridget Moynihan.
So evidently Tom Brady is knocking up everybody in sight.
And he just, I guess that's what he wants, you know.
What's wrong with that?
And you can just imagine how lovely those children are going to be, you know.
Isn't that what we should strive for in the world?
Is that only the beautiful people reproducing all the ugly people?
You know, lots and lots of those sterilization will be good for ought to be allowed.
I haven't mentioned that in a very long time on the show.
One of the great concepts that I've come up with over the years and nobody will listen to me.
But, you know, zero population growth is fine.
But the best way to achieve that is forced sterilization.
Okay.
Especially in South Florida.
Not everybody just most like the colors.
2013 votes on the poll.
We're doing pretty good.
We got over a thousand.
You're marking that down.
Chrissy on top of this or what, huh?
Oh, yeah.
And when you begin, when are you beginning your training program?
He's doing well.
Don't forget to begin an exercise, regimen, especially now that spring is near.
Well, what does that mean?
What does that mean?
I will say this.
I walk more every day.
One day here, unless it's like two days ago, when I almost never left the house.
I walk more in one day here than like in a year down there.
Because I don't have no car here.
I have a fine location and I walk all over the place.
At least a couple of miles every day.
And that's all you're going to get for me.
That this old dude, that's as much exercise you've been to get for me.
I'm not going to be doing sit-ups and push-ups and wheelies and cartwheels
and whatever else you want.
Just think what'll happen.
Oh, there's that debained thrombosis.
Oh, man.
That's from Stead Battle.
Yeah, how come we don't hear no more about him, you know?
Maybe because he's dead.
I guess maybe the party's over.
And don't forget, my greens said, call him on the party's startish.
Oh, god, Neil.
It's Tom Brady.
That's what it is.
He's the father of Andrew Cole's baby.
I'm positive.
Who was a little baby father and fight?
Could be.
One of a dozen guys.
It may be the other hour's turn.
Did you get brought to Stead Battle?
That's Rosen's arm.
Very forgets as he is a dad.
He shines up.
Your husband has been bad.
Looks like none of them will touch me.
It'll be up to that crazy touch.
Who can it be now?
Return any cat now.
Who is a dad now?
Who can it be now?
Love a 32 and who the hell really cares?
Okay, if you've got even a half a brain, half a brain is better than no.
It's not what they always say.
Half a loaf.
That's what my mother used to say.
Oh no.
It's talking about it.
Can't believe I even said that.
Where did that come from?
No, that's no problem.
Here's the facts.
Now this person who sent this, this was coming over the facts machine as I was talking about forced sterilization.
This has to be a psychic listener.
Can you believe it?
Neil, I love that Tom Brady's story.
He should be getting about it.
He should be getting as much as possible to help the human gene pool.
You always talk about forced sterilization.
Maybe it's a compromise that people that insist on having babies should be forced to use DNA from people like Tom Brady.
Just a thought.
There you go.
He could just go right and pregnant every a hot looking chick.
And I think he's already got a pretty good head start.
If I can say that.
Can I say that?
No.
Sorry, Joyce.
Joyce Law.
Remember Vernon Law pitched for the pirates.
Qion, hello.
The DK.
Qion.
Not there.
Okay.
WQion, hello.
Is there another one?
You notice how good that's working too?
Qion.
Oh, yeah.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, would you rather listen to Joseph Gackie's show or have sex with him?
When you let me ask you this, would you rather have a rip quarter out your neck with the sashes, tight as humanly possible, or would you rather lay to fill in with Georgia's account?
Which one would please you more?
WQion, hello.
Qion.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
How you doing?
Got this long cough.
But listen, three things.
Captain America is dead.
Next thing I'm going to say is that I smoked pot with DFO at Gulf Stream one time.
Okay, great.
567.0560.
And 0.560 in the room.
You know, you guys across the street make all the phone calls you want, but you're on something with the numbers come out tomorrow and you've got point.
Oh.
What are you going to say then, huh?
Huh?
What are you going to say then?
Of course, maybe they won't.
Maybe they'll kick our ass.
Oh, they won't do it between 10 and 2.
I guarantee you that.
I guarantee you that.
Siddiquid Rosencrantz Sports Steamburg.
1025 votes on the poll.
It's just barely 1130.
And the good news of that is we got less than two hours to go now.
You've got to be kidding me.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
See, we get spoiled with this stuff.
Now, what's the next Marlins again?
Well, Wednesday next week.
Yes.
It is?
Yep.
You got the schedule there.
We got a Marlins game next Wednesday at what time?
At the one or what?
You got it in here one.
Well, for 50?
Yeah.
Well, for 50.
For 50, we get our next Wednesday.
Well, that means it's an early one by Wednesday.
Can you imagine how much I can lose next Wednesday?
It'll make yesterday look like a walk in the park.
Like a picnic without the ants.
There's Rob Hanranhan again.
And the center stage right there doing the anchoring on CNN looking real pretty, man.
Real pretty.
You got a real pretty mouth, baby.
5670560.
He did a good in deliverance, man.
Let's refill him with him.
Recast him as a Nade Baby character.
He gets spanked up there up there in the woods.
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
The Frektom buddy just came fed with a jock strap.
Yeah.
With his three super balls.
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Hey, I know for a fact that the dolphins in the 80s, they had a game full of ball players.
No, that's good.
I'm glad to hear about it.
I know who it is too.
W-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Hey, now what's happened, Bob?
Yes, sir.
Question with the new Cheney injury who is led to clotting off.
You think this is Republican Party on the beginnings of the face out of Cheney putting them in the background?
Do we only hear any more of this crazy now?
No.
You don't think so?
No.
You think the Republican Party won't be smart enough to realize that he's a loose cannon and they got it.
So let me let me say again.
Did you ask me a question about whether I think the blood plot of the deep veins from Boses and his leg is part of a Republican plot to get Cheney out?
And I said no.
And you see, you don't want to ask a question or have a conversation.
You've already made up your mind if there's a Republican conspire.
They don't need a conspiracy, okay?
Just the kick is ass out, went and got kick is ass out.
And like Doug Thompson said, with Bush and the rest of the Nazis too.
Carl Rove, my ass.
How do you like guys like this one?
How do you like him?
Typical.
Just unbelievable.
I'm going to have to call Michael.
This is the dialogue in this part of the movie is so like sparse.
So let me...
Oh!
And I must be back to the part where Frito's wife is drunken and trying to dance and fall on a rass.
We don't want to hear that.
Oh, we already played that one.
But as they're...
I'll tell you one thing, this Godfather too sure moves slow.
Let's go to a terminal point.
We're getting married first.
We're getting married.
The income of divorce is in dry, and you're getting married.
You see your children on weekends?
You know your oldest boy Victor was picked up in Reno for some petty theft.
You don't even know about him.
Michael!
You fly around the world with men who don't care for you.
You're usually like a whore.
You're not my father!
How do you come to me for?
I need money.
There you go.
10.30.
WBZ.
10.30 in the fall.
103.
WBZ.
One of the great stations of all time, man.
Carole the Sews and Dave Maynard and Jefferson K and Jay Dunn and Hu-Eli-Vod.
And Bruce Bradley.
And overnight Larry Glick.
Larry Glick.
W.A.M.
Hello.
Is this your house by 6th?
You know if the next person says to me is this 560, does this station have call letters or what's there?
WQAM.
How did I answer the phone?
I said WQAM and you said is this 560?
I apologize.
Oh, no.
You should.
You should.
Go ahead.
Are you going to do any more people off commercial?
Well, what the hell was that?
Am I going to be doing any more pizza-loved commercials?
What was that?
How do I know?
I just asked you a simple question.
I just did a show on TV.
You missed me on TV?
Okay, I'll send you a picture.
Okay, I'll send you a blow-up to Alchmark.
What an idiot.
What a moan.
That sounded like the guy with the eyes to me.
Yeah.
Was it?
That sounded like him.
Oh, wait a minute.
In that case.
Just for him.
Hello world, there's a song that I'm singing about my Mr. Happy.
I haven't even wore a wardrobe for a second before I do any more of those files.
Oh, love is what I am swinging.
It's my Mr. Happy.
I have a dream of getting women together.
I haven't taken a look at me with no trousers on.
Then all the girls with me screaming together.
And see the reason why I got the nickname of Donk.
Hello girls, there's a thing I am hacking.
We'll make you happy.
Like a face fall bad, Hank Aaron would be swinging.
It's my Mr. Happy.
It's my Mr. Happy.
It's my Mr. Happy.
Huh?
Wow.
I bet you that's enough to get him to get off the David Kennedy blow-up dog.
This is the moment you traded the most.
You're on the web without any clothes.
You lifted your shirt to show your chest.
It did not surprise me, Chris.
And they might take you off the shelf.
Some new ones came out that are disgusting.
You opened your mouth but it isn't a thing.
You say those photos are not me.
Now you're on your knees.
I run in the rain.
Baby, please keep me on the shelf.
Because you took some new things.
You show it some skin.
We'll buy me into it without playing again.
You made it my thing.
You can't explain why.
You thought it was a good idea to tie it.
You took some new things.
You gave it no one.
One thing for sure.
And that's very shy.
You took some new things.
Oh.
You took some new things.
16, go down to 560 WQM.
We got the Hurricanes Warbub in 130 this afternoon.
Any interest?
No.
You have a little tiny bit.
No.
Teeny tiny?
No.
Oh, how about anything?
Nothing.
They just don't care.
Hurricane, ingblow!
And the experience will be on there.
Is that added a little unsentable?
No.
And the Joe Zagaki?
No.
Oh.
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Well, what can I say?
You forgot the beast.
Oh, the beast is on there too.
Well, like I said, it sounds like a queen-thweep to me.
Chuck Hable may be running for prison.
He's going to make a big announcement about his future plans on Monday.
A Republican who isn't the right wing Nazi after all.
Wouldn't that be a something?
They used to have a lot of them.
Yeah, well, once upon a time.
Well, now let's see.
Remember what we were talking before about the IOD building?
So Brandon says, who's busy running the show today.
If we need a choreographer with the show, I think we got somebody running it today.
He also said, fast forward that tape a little bit because you're stuck in that one thing there with Connie and...
Commence the promise to Risotto brothers, three territories in the Bronx after he died.
Do you took over and you didn't give it to him?
I love you, Wilhelm.
Commence the promise that will go out.
What's gonna happen?
Commence the promise of nothing.
He hated those other pictures more than night.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Mark.
Are you sitting high up in the Sierra mountains?
Are you drinking?
Champagne cocktails.
Anyway, since I read a story about IOD a few months ago,
the city of North Bay Village wants that entire property and is trying to muscle Channel 7 out.
Since last time I heard Channel 7 was fighting the state there,
there were eyeball in the location for new studio in Broward and Channel 10 is moving to Broward too.
Well, everybody's moving to Broward.
Okay, not everybody, but most everybody.
Most everybody who wants to escape from Dave County.
Well, wouldn't that be something like an atomic bomb to just wipe that whole thing out there in North Bay Village?
The IOD building and the Channel 7 building right side there by each?
Wow.
Wouldn't that be something?
And of course the tower.
The tower I'm assuming is still sitting back there in the Bay.
We remember they had the big deal about that last time I checked.
And there was like a threat that we're gonna knock the damn tower down and knock the IOD off the air,
which of course, what difference would it make at this point?
You know, very well overlooked in that last book was there.
Not only did we have that gigantic number in the winter book or whatever was the fall book,
but we also kicked a living snot out of you know who?
Self-popping rush.
I mean, we always beat him just about always, but we just kicked the crap out of him.
Remember that?
Yeah.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Just to pat myself on the shoulder a little bit.
We won't bend it back to about always.
I don't want to start my training program that early.
I wait till they put one leg in the grave before I start my train.
That line, I gotta read it again.
What I do with Sean's pulls is it.
It was a great line.
I know it's in the middle of my pool pile.
I've got so many.
I've got him piled up the ceiling.
Thanks to Charlie B.
How you be, Charlie?
It says, don't forget to begin an exercise regimen for the love of Christ.
Well, I don't love Christ.
How do you like that?
Ready those other geckies?
Especially now that it's spring is near, you're like it more than you think.
When you're in training, it greatly reduces the chances of depression, anxiety,
effects of jet lag, attitude, and improves Mr. Wiggly's staying power.
Well, I got news for you.
I mean, how about Piggly Wiggly?
I ain't got nothing Wiggly believe me at my age.
Even before my age, you're got nothing Wiggly.
1445 votes on the poll.
Wired Irrackyman, trigger a scared LA airport.
You're going to love this story.
Can't wait.
You are just going to be amazed at this story.
An Irracky National wearing wires and conceiving a magnet inside his rectum,
a frigate security scare.
I'm wires wrong with you.
I'm just telling you right now.
Can I have to start over again?
An Irracky National wearing wires and conceiving a magnet inside his rectum.
Trigger a security scare.
LA airport on Tuesday, but official study post-alparin thread.
That's what they think.
The man identified by law enforcement officials that five hell amolecci 35,
set off in the alarm during a passenger's training airport early on Tuesday morning.
They're trying to control him.
The study was harmless, but there was a guy with a metal platenist.
A police bomb squad was called to examine all his deemed a suspicious item.
He was found during a body cavity search of the man.
What's this in your rectum?
Oh my God, there's wires coming out of there.
A magnet.
A magnet.
Local media reports that a magnet was found in his rectum.
That's what it says here.
This is from our Reuters.
Oh my God.
Must be the MS.
He was secreting...
Oh, I'm sorry.
I was almost going to say secreting.
That would not be good.
Oh, that would not be good.
It was probably secreting something.
He was secreting these items in a body cavity.
That was a great concern because there were also some electric wires associated with the body cavity.
They were associated with it.
Larry Federer, secreting director for the T.S.A.
and the airport told Reuters.
Maliki 35, who lives in Atlantic City, was preparing to board a US Airways flight from LA to Philadelphia.
The flight left without him, but with his luggage aboard.
He made an old hat, and that's smart.
Here's a guy that's got...
He's got a magnet and wires in his ass, and they kicked him off the flight,
but they left his luggage on the plane.
Oh, he made an unskidz landing in Vegas where the plane was thoroughly searched, nothing was found.
Passengers were not evacuated if we can say that, and no flights were disrupted by the incident,
and Trimital 1 and LAX.
There was never a threat, Federer said.
He said police and FBI were called an abundance of caution.
What a minute.
A suspicious item was found during a body cavity search of the man.
I thought you were going to get to the point in the story where the guy explains what this device was,
what its function is, why you would have a magnet up your ass.
That's the end of the story.
Oh, no.
I need closure.
Closure, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, that's a magnetic bracelet.
So I got...
I like Tom Enza.
Who gots?
He thinks it's Sherpa.
Sherpa, he says he's a cockkin.
And you're best in judgment on how I run my thing.
For a media.
I'm going to put it on over there quite a bit far away.
Farletta, you know.
For some pretty dirty, dirty, cozy, deep meat.
I'm going to eat in here.
No man's a car.
No man's a Las Vegas.
And a man's a Miami.
No man's a Miami.
Baby, I'm going to start with this.
No man's a Miami.
Man's a Las Vegas.
1048 votes.
Let's take another look at this poll.
It's okay.
Not one of my all time favorites.
What do you miss most about your youth?
I would say having it.
Being it.
Being living and breathing, especially being an old fossil that I am.
Sex with young people my own age, 203.
Everything always comes back to sex.
And there's a lot of hand-rehand on my TV again looking really fine as wine.
Actually, this looks pretty good.
I'm sorry.
See it all comes back to sex.
Airbeam time.
Sex, sex, sex.
That's all it comes back to.
And why not?
What else is there?
Being irresponsible with no real consequences, 176.
My body, 158.
And what if that has something to do with sex?
Real music, 95.
Being single, 74.
My hair is 74.
I don't miss mine.
I just keep chopping off of the like I have.
American Americans who are mostly loved abroad liked it at 57.
Being ignorant as in ignorance is bliss 42.
I think being oblivious would be a better word than being ignorant.
But they explained it.
That's what they're trying to say, right? Oblivious.
I hate this pull 40, only 3.8%.
They likes it.
Real radio 31.
Segregation.
We got the...
But third man.
He racist out there.
I'm sure we got a lot more than that, but they just had other things to vote for.
Being in school and actually learning something 29, well from the sounds of the cars,
there aren't too many who missed it because they never did that.
I never did.
What did we learn?
We learned algebra and all kinds of...
What was the point of all of that?
And that thing we're talking about the other day about the presidents in the chronological order.
Who cares?
What is that going to do for my life?
Nothing.
What is that going to do?
Madison and Monroe and John Quincy Adams and Andy Jackson and Martin Van Buren and William Henry Harrison.
It was too stupid to come out of the cold.
Anyway, John Tyler.
Tippy-toe and Tippy-toe.
Tippy-toe and Tyler too.
Boy do I know some crap or what?
That's the problem.
It's all crap.
My stamina 20.
The cold war, at least we knew who the enemy was, 14.
The Ruskies.
Comedy-step, comedy-step, comedy-step, baby.
That's when your people were really in their glory.
Holes.
Glory?
Glory.
And real newspapers, it started at 7.
It's still 7.550.
WMGM New York, 1050, WHN, CHUM Toronto.
Don't forget they'll Canada sucks.
Remember that great call we had today?
We had some really special goals today.
They've all been really special.
Come on, let's get them going again, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, we got to get out of here at 130 and make way for that big hurricane basketball gamer.
Right in the middle of the daytime when people are awake.
When living and breathing people wants to entertain them in a few, a few yuck, a couple of chuckles.
Maybe once in a while one of these.
You're not going to get that.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
I'll take you to the next one.
Kenny and Bob must go.
Kenny and Bob must go.
Kenny and Bob must go.
Yeah, I'm Kenny and Bob must go.
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
Call them up until they're met, okay?
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
we're not talking, we're talking, but we're talking. We're talking. You're talking. You're talking. And you're saying, what's that when the
club president's president's presidential revenir? You know, we're talking about something
when the system andtings all right this are in the left side, and so we're talking about why the
Wow, is that really the track from the song?
Because usually they use the music track from the end of the song, huh?
That's even more sour than the Star Packs kids.
162 votes on the pool today and we'll have to make 1100 before 130 this afternoon and then they will fear us.
Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M!
This was the moment you dreaded the most!
A miracle voted in guess what you lost!
Secret told you you can no longer stay, and call I had nothing nice to say.
And then they put your montage on!
Your musical career has run aground!
And you've been neutered by the dog pound!
That's a movie!
You gotta sing along before you go away!
The same one no one liked yesterday, and is the reason that you got!
Because you sang a bad song, you wore a bad shirt, so I didn't tell you where it kept going and that it hurts!
You say you'll be fine, you still beat a star, but I'm up from now, you'll be parking cars!
You sang a bad song, you know you're just dancing, you're 15 minutes, you're standing still re, you sang a bad song!
You fell, you sang a bad song!
Come about 20560 WQA and man we are well long long singing this song!
My blood sugar is so good the last couple of days, that's why I sound like I'm full of vinegar and whatever goes on top of it, underneath it and over it, etc.
Oil!
That's right, the oily bird, oh you know something I think I'm old enough now, ready for the oily bird, maybe I'll come back to Florida and enjoy the oily bird and sit around with all those old cockers in the world!
Talking about whatever cold soup.
So anyway your buddy, you have a new buddy here on our MySpace Chris, who I thought was my buddy and I've been communicating with him here for a few days for about a week now, but he's your buddy on his...
He's more adamant than you are, he's by...
And I don't understand why he's so adamant, he says words do have meaning and George is right, I think he wants you man!
Give me 60 seconds to explain myself, you wouldn't want me to respond to your crazy fan!
Go ahead, go ahead, wait a minute, let me say this to you, take all the time, I want to have to go until that horrible basketball game, take all the time that you want!
Go ahead, I'm just a kosher person, a someone who doesn't eat trade, a vegetarian is someone who doesn't eat meat, a homosexual is someone who is attracted to members of the same sex,
a bisexual is attracted to members of both sex, and they might have a preference, and a heterosexual is someone who is attracted exclusively to members of the opposite sex.
If you identify yourself as a straight person for whatever reason, social stigma, what do we know exists?
Go ahead, I'm gonna say how we're this boring, how we're this boring, you don't keep rehashing this!
No over and over and over, you just brought it up, I didn't, and you didn't let me respond to your crazy fan!
I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to
I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm talking to
a man, I'm talking to a man, I'm taking a break to bring a trainer to see us Smuk with us.
So Tami couldn't bring the trainer to see us, let's see where everything is.
Tami let's see Sam Oi, let Larry come in back.
He said he, let understanding  of us.
He said that he's not so he's not too amaernoyed, he's not too mean that he's not too mean that he's not...
Sam Oi, that's not him.
Max Chi-much, that's not him.
Max Oi.
 talking, now he has three .
Max Ti-much.
what are you going to
uh...
welcome on
we're just saying we can all use a good
lot of
yesterday i was talking about it was wood by wednesday and i was going to
find this this guy being having a great sense of humor
and confident enough that i'll understand it
he said hope you would ask a lot of money that would
you know what i'm going to do
so he says when you're going to go back to get some of our money back
that's great that's cute
nice go on christia cute and more ways than one but anyway
there he is another is another superstar
everybody wants to be a star in a show you know we got steven and we got
the brand and we got christ and we got this one and that one and whatever we
got you know even that gay psychologist that you're reading
a lot of
he said a lot of straight identified guys come to me and say this and that
that's exactly what they are they're straight identified guys they're not
straight because they've had some gay sex and you discussed it yourself with
that other guy you're born with an orientation what other guy the guy that
said remember the guy that uh... that uh... that uh... the guy with the
former that uh... you know you choose to be what you are right you know you
realize it you are very said realize that you decide that so what we do what you
realize it is that because you certainly don't decide you realize that you come to
grips of our music we're all before and what you're attracted to all of our
we are just like uh... just like some of my thoughts and to visit and got five
three or we want what you are and you're born that way and it doesn't matter what
you leave it and it doesn't matter if you're embarrassed to identify yourself as
a bisexual person if you have the ability to willingly engage in sex with a
you know it's really ironic that you go through all this because generally speaking
uh... when we talk about anything that has to with gay you have a line it's a good
it's a great line you've been saying it for years what's it to you what do you
care here i don't care in fact that's one of the main reasons i don't ask because
i don't know if i can you know if if they're ready to a rock and roll that's
fine with me i don't really need any identification i don't know how to
idea must have worried about their age uh... it's stuff like that you know words have
actual definitions and i know that's how that's how you would like to say words
do mean so that's right but they don't mean anything to me see i don't care well i
don't care that's fine but some of us use words correctly
and like to
and some of us could pay a lot of money but that's beside the point
i'll take the money so i make mistakes would be my first mistake do i make mistakes
but i think a lot of it no a lot of guys play some gay guys want to play along
with that fantasy because they you know they think it'll cut into their action i
don't have a fantasy of a label okay i don't have that kind of a fantasy my
fantasy would be that my friend from Berlin from my summer during the world cup
which if i could draw you a picture you would a lot of you people would soon
fall in the form say that can't be possible not you knew it was just one of those
miracle experiences okay that would be my fantasy okay is that i hope there's
a knock on the door right now i open the door and there he is okay
wobbling in here saying on with with a little bit of luggage saying a toothbrush
and uh... whatever else in the order and i'm staying that would be my fantasy okay
and i would say well let me ask you are you had a recessional are you one to six
on a rick jisky i just say hey the show be over one thirty i wouldn't even say
the show be over one thirty i come running right back in here say oh i got a bad
headache to your your all this all started years ago because you were talking about
how great it is to get a straight guy that has sex with you and i laugh you are you
are crazy person okay i talked about how great it was to get a
some other sex to some other fact we're in the w i would be i would never said
that in my life and i and i laugh and i hear what's so fire said you never had
sex with a straight on you got really upset you still are to this day
but i put this
coming with like tom Brady for example since he's in the news and he's in
pregnancy every slot in the i mean every broad in the world i would like
when i look at sex with tom Brady who's very heterosexual yes you have sex
with me no i'm ever going to meet tom Brady no so cares how about Brady Quinn he
would do in a pinch you know i pinch it and a lot of people that are cheating on
their wise but they would never consider themselves an adulterer because that
would be too embarrassing so they call themselves monogamous but that doesn't make it
so
a
a
and three words Gary san rewere the other day too
Gary san had a cheeseburger and they have one
make it nice during i would put trough in every piece of his food i just have three
words for you George remember the bird
wow
i don't know actually aren't you the guy that no i'm not but aren't you the guy
something well you know you're going to get this new deal and if norm is
listening make sure he takes me care of your what did i say today what did i say
on the air yesterday take care of George is that what i said you did
and now you're giving me crap making up stuff that i said years ago about how i
was
what was it again what was the phrase you had sex with straight guys and how great
it is that's not what you said that i said you you claim that you and somebody
guy were talking about how great it is when you can get straight guys to have
sex with you
no when you get hot guy stands sex with not straight not gay
that's why hot hot hot hot remember that campaign they ran on channel four years ago
over a new and remember that song hot hot hot hot
that's how this argument started anyway there is no argument i don't care
don't you understand i care less about this than almost anything in the world
because it's so it's so ludicrous hearing you sitting right there pontificating
they have today about gay people in the sex that we have and who we're doing
and who we're not doing and what they are welcome about it i don't care it's
it's of no interest to make probably some of the people if somehow looking young
with thing some female came in here right now about 20 years old as hot as could be
with gigantic bazoombers scantily clad and she hot in the her lap when you say
oh are you straight honey you know i had said that you have any of it is that all
you straight guys are so obsessed with but dikes that it's just unbelievable now
so i had sex with this chick who considered herself a lesbian
yeah she called herself a lesbian yeah
yeah then it might result with a lesbian nothing and i had sex with her so
let me know what it happens q a m hello it did
kneel she was born hey can you read the news this is getting
pondering okay i agree i better get back to the telephone directory
w a q a m hello i speak to Reverend George hey George i had sex with a
she mailed so what is that exactly make me
desperate
desperate
come in the q a m hello bring back Josh good by Rotando bring back Josh
oh that's actually the other one i wonder he's no wonder he's been in here
stuck in a while last few days he's looking to get the job back here you're
making enemies already it's all good Chris doesn't care he's getting free food
in there which he needs like a hole in the head because he's trying desperately
lose weight and stay alive if you want to stay alive man i'm telling you right now
as a friend i don't love you but as a friend
well i mean you know how long was a Josh on the show two years ago
took two years before we developed that special bond that special love between
a board off and the top host very platonic non-sexual kind of like yes
i have the in fact that's the story of my life but that's okay i don't mind
1101 on the pool we made 1100 now i was still got an hour 18 minutes to go
not that we're counting a three
so the biggest name
i ain't fucking bow
i'm gone
i'm gone
i'm gone
i'm gone
i just left 3 have again
you can't make me say
though i have a problem
i'm praising you think i drink too much
i party all night until i throw up
now i love more than my hair
lost my sense of reality
i'm crazy crazy just let me have again
i don't need their help my name's not low hand
i'm crazy crazy you think i have a problem
more than just being dumb
it's called insanity
just let me have again
i need more tattoos
cause i love the pain
i'm crazy crazy you think i have a problem
more than just being dumb
it's called insanity
crazy is a bedbog man crazy is a lune
whatever that means
why is a lune crazy
how about like looney tunes
and what he would pack the bugs bunny
almafide
the silvestre of the cat with that looney tunes
now they still have all those uve
they're out there but they're not making any new ones
that's one of the things i would like to go back
is to being a kid
i used to go to number 8 school and watch this
you're okay
in elementary school
and kindergarten
and first grade
and right across from the school
was Louis Sussman's newsstand
now is that something i remember his name
and i remember one year i mentioned that year
oh i remember Louis Sussman's brother
it's like i had to talk about Steve Lawrence's brother
who used to be the elevator operator
it's a ghostly
remember the hump ornogues to talk about that all of the time
Louis Sussman was the guy and he had a
a newsstand back in the day
and it was telling like
stowings and um...
faggots and stuff like that
and comic books and baseball cards
and so when you were a kid back in those days
that's the weird stuff in your time
you were buying condoms back in those days
like now let's see what this is
i mean this is an ongoing frisk i guess
wants to own segment
one thing about the people online here that you get in touch with
you notice they all
all of them i don't think there's any exception
they all become hand bones
you know i mean they want these celebrities
that's always fine yeah i have no problem with that
we can use some good material
i mean it's not as exciting as reading the newspaper
the phone director
but then what is paper and plastic and aluminum foil
now you see you didn't understand what i was talking about did you with a tin foil
sure i did i have the same problem sometimes
oh i mean i have a problem almost all the time
in fact if i can get through a whole
role of aluminum foil
why do i keep calling that everybody calls it tin foil
but that's where aluminum foil you may want
without like shredding like so it comes out
like in little slices like i feel like i really had a major conference
there's my mother but there's a method
let's see it says if you ever need
or
in other words he's i said to him about the line about
a winning back our money i said what time is your show on
he said if you ever need to other
ever your crew he's it
and then he says going back to your line
this whole business because he's is he's even more adamant than you are
he hates tami like you know when somebody starts typing in capital letters with the many
optimization points you know they're worked up into a frenzy
no no just because she's crazy
she's so funny but he just hates her like poisoned for whatever reason and i think you know
he's sucking up to you i think he wants you
well he's by you know i understand
he hasn't seen you yet wait till you see George christ you might change your mind
nobody will see you see me you probably
shut off this whole thing
what
i usually don't have bad sex because
i'm just that then good is what he said
that after a while
well that's true bad sex is a rare thing you know how
that happened no i would not agree with that there is such a thing there is such
a rare once a part of time i would have argued with that but uh... you're right
it's rare but it happens
yes and of course now see i'm assuming christ understands i'm talking about with a partner
i said i said yeah because he says i don't
because i'm just that damn good it doesn't make any of us how good you are but if you're and of course
that also goes back to the thing i was talking about in the last hour about the difference between gay
sex which certainly leaves many more um
oh what's the term i was going to use i don't say openings but that's a very bad choice
no that was a bad choice of words
uh... options is the law looking for options
as opposed to the desperation of the simultaneous orgasm
which you know back in the day of course before all this woman's lip think yeah
guys didn't give a crap about that let me tell you
it isn't the simultaneous orgasm it's just getting them to have one
yeah well that's that's what i'm saying yeah
as opposed to the guys where we know it's all uh very easily accomplished
that is correct there are do we have a's
John Nichols writes i think you didn't think i'd get back to this with all this sex talk we got going on
here i feel like dr. root early sold enough
Vermont folks to impeach bush and training
all right now we're talking heavy duty
are you cracking your knuckles again?
yes i am
boy that's our crack expert
what are how long this thing goes on oh brother
well how long get it in there
i'll read as much as i can and i'll chop myself off
so to speak
now Vermont Governor Jim Douglas of Republican with reasonably close ties to
president bush asked if there was any additional business to be considered at the
town meeting who was running a middlebury Vermont
Ellen McKay popped up and proposed the impeachment abortion vice president
Dick Cheney to which we say
the governor was not amused he's a Republican
his moderator of the annual meeting tried to suggest that they proposal to impeach
along with another proposal to withdraw US troops from where i could not be voted on
but McKay a program coordinator at middlebury college pressed her case
and it soon became evident that the crowd at the annual meeting shared her desire to hold a president to account so Douglas backed down
it became clear that no one was going home until
added sense to discuss the resolution that voted him explain David Rosenberg
Rosenberg
a political scientist professor middlebury college and being a good politician he allowed the vote to happen
by an overwhelming voice vote middlebury called for impeachment so it's gone this way
could tell meetings across Vermont most of which were held Tuesday
as Bruce Williams would say Tuesday and why he says that i have no idea probably because he's an a-hole
late Tuesday night there were confirmed reports that 36 towns had backed in
impeachment resolutions and numbers expected to rise
in one town putty the vote for impeachment was unanimous
I wonder if that was named after channel 10's Michael putty
who's a nice guy of it is boring as oh listening to paint dry not even watching it just listening
and additionally governor Douglas is middlebury the town of heartland which is on the congressman
Peter wealth backed in impeachment so to the Jericho well i wonder if the walls are crumbling down
home of gay siamington what have a name is gay the speaker of the Vermont House of Representatives
g-a-y-e gay a-a-a-a that's a female i know that's why that's why spelt it you
smelt it nice spelt it organizes his grassroots draft to get town meetings to
back impeachment resolutions hope that the overwhelming support the initiative is received
will convince wealth to introduce articles of impeachment against bush and cheney that's
something the democratic congressman is resisting even though his predecessor Bernie Sanders
signed on last year a proposal by michigan congressman john congers to set up a house committee
to look into impeachment well you realize we just got an hour to go to lie awful back to ball at all
i feel really cheated today not and then of course tomorrow's payday not
and Chris is not too happy so i stub
well i already got paid he has a mirror yeah if you if i was as bad as you are man i'd have
difficulty seeing mine and thank you now i for my activists also want to legislate to
approve articles of impeachment before them to congress but sign in to also a democrat is
discouraging initiative despite the fact that more than 20 representatives of correspondent impeachment
resolution spieless democrats man there's another one for you gay signings no one of the color gay
you know i want to be hard for peter wellson gay signing to say there's no cement for impeachment
now that our towns have voted for it since dandy walled of new fame from mod town select man has
started the impeachment initiative last year in his town and now pants the launching campaign
to pressure well since i'm in to respect and reflect the will of the people it's going to be even
harder for governor dog was who just this month spent two nights at the bush white house to face
his president after all dog was now is in town that's on record in the port of bush's impeachment
trial for high crimes and misdemeanors and it goes on and on about all the different parts of the
resident resolution but a bit better but uh... john nico's new book by the way the genius of
impeachment the founders cure for royalism and that's something i better go out and get that right
now i also got to go on get the uh...
borat
dbd
no necessity that's better you're going to send it to me what a guy see there is he give me a whole
solid and arguing like crazy
saying remember the bird remember the main is that which i remember the main that's right
remember margarine main
margarine main where you have to be a hundred years old remember that will back who
how about what's your name the head the tea bag hanging from her uh... hat what was your name
mini pearl many pearl very good you see that the pride but they had him on their all day for
crying a lot of his look you know something every time he comes back he looks better
in fact i would say right about now he looks really ready
credit clerk and a manager are walking to lunch when they find an antique oil lamp
they rubbed and a genie appears
the genie says i'll give you each just one
wish
me first as the administrative clerk i want to be in the bahamas driving a speed
both without a care in the world
the genie snaps his fingers and poof
the woman disappears
me next as the sales rep i want to be a Hawaii relaxing on the beach with my personal
masseuse
and then let's apply a pina colada's on the love of my life
the genie wants against that's his fingers and poof
gone
okay you're up next the genie says to the manager
and the manager says i want those two back in the office after lunch
poll hard
good day
good day
trough three one five sixty w two a.m.
roll in the long signal song it's a can we
i say let's make a vow okay let's have our vows
should i play music
five hundred and fifty eight friends by the way on my space page we're going to
i think what what do we have a goal on their like a two thousand would be
phenomenal
i'm sure it'll happen well i mean it's going to be a long ways off but yeah
two thousand would be such a spectacular number
but nevertheless maybe johnny jeez can go out and find some friends to put on it
it's johnny got any friends all
well
when he'll lose baby flip the bench in Maryland
with cool
see i think she could
paused she could go
kuchy kuch by the way a christmas is that you have some hot chick he's married
sweet he's married maybe the hot chick is too
some hot chick in my name in the do you have to ask any questions straight to
dyke uh... by just a minute center by christmas make your match or did i say bye
anyway we're not going to discuss that on the show ever again okay
it's just it's just ponderous i mean you know you've got your thing about your
a in you know i'm adamant militant and tamiya courses diametrically opposed
she's like hysterical about it she's not i just i really don't care i don't care
okay it it's of no consequence to me okay now i'm not interested in the labels
in words uh... i'm a man of very few words in those kinds of situations
i'm not interested in words okay more interested in deeds remember mr.
deeds goes to washington mr. deeds were going to send him up there for a
christmas you don't watch your ass he might take care of it never was
okay let's get back to what ever we do what we do we're killing time but
fifty minutes till basketball time is there any of this audience okay here here's
a great idea
because these people have nothing to talk about today there's nothing going on
is that it did people in a rack and more dead soldiers and stuff like that but
they're so used to that by now you know they've been uh... like fate that always
said network they've shot themselves uh... they've et themselves limp they've
shot themselves up and uh... they don't care anymore remember that scene
yes i do yes well that's that's america for you know
people are just beaten down to a bloody pulp
so i'm thinking what we ought to do is find out how many people are going to be
listening to the hurricane basketball game at one thirty
what a freaking one thirty you and maryland cacd chairman from tampa with the beast
and clearance and uh... josegakey
josegakey sucks okay and uh... what device are you going to use to measure this
response i'm going to take a survey on the phone
uh...
what are you laughing about okay i want to find out from our audience are going to
be listening at one thirty or if they're going to be
turning that dial or maybe just going to take a nap or taking a good cold shower
five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty in the horizon this is kind of an interesting survey it's like
over and above our regular poll so to speak
we got the regular poll going on on the side
and how many votes we got on the regular poll chris we got eleven thirty four
well we're going to make over twelve hundred today even with a short show
i guarantee that i'll bet you chris's life on it
okay as we got how many know we're going to do that we got almost an hour to go
we can't get sixty six votes in an hour what kind of a don't don't be uh... eight
hundred pound weekly okay now we can have as uh... as uh...
frankly potentially would say have some fiduci which means have some faith
that means fiduci yeah sounds filthy i father used to say that all time fiduci he
was a jackass my final a relation to darn fiduci
yeah john fiduci wqa and hello
yes they are uh... i'm gonna believe that you did a game i drive for it so i got
nothing else to listen to once you get off okay but by now you would you rather
listen to us or the game
all right listen to you guys okay thanks palie
play drive it safe qa m hello qa m
any what's up how you doing sir uh... i'm not going to be listening at the one
thirty
uh...
uh... not always the not gonna be listening but he's been to be kicked out of a
two i'd like to and let's keep track now
yes he's a keep score and no i'm keeping score okay i can handle that i got
i got any different things going on here at the same time i got my my space
core spot in school i got here i got the pool the regular pool this pool i got
off and i got the all kinds of crap going on
be like a whole lot of dot dot dot dot dot
wqa m hello
all the image in a one thirty working off a little more fact
okay
all right but
cc can be listen
all she might have had her sony walkman or she's working off that plan
maybe she's listening to what's his name shron
i'm gonna i want to start my exercise routine
collecting the fork to the mouth i'm just gonna have a little uh... like
uh... the cold forks and then i'm gonna find out about all of christ's
sex with exploits there online you know if you put a lot of food on the
i don't think we i don't think i have enough time to find out about all of
them i would only
wqa m hello
i definitely know if
okay thank you sir okay so i'm the first force not looking good qa m hello
they know yes sir
we please pay for the uh... two second that's the wqa m hello
yes
i'll be listening as long as they don't reach for us new all time
okay
five six seven o five sixty pound five sixty indigorized and sing it a wireless
line that's actually what they're gonna do
wait a minute here comes an important message or it's from american distress
see what i said the other day about how i hate these things i can't stand these
old nails these are made me know i had
i don't want to unsubscribe might be important but i doubt it wqa m hello
qa m
you know yes
um...
i will definitely be listening to me one of the best games of the year i'm looking
forward to it
i can't wait i'm getting excited i get the
comment right on the game yeah
wqa m hello that was joe bill qa m hello
you cracker hopeless in the you cracker i love you man
get that game
wqa m hello
nil yes if you're not on the radio i have to go back to work
okay thanks
five
wqa m hello
i don't
yes
your best thing to happen is to have to correct with him
yeah
i have a lot of all of uh... i have to do with the basketball game are you
gonna be listening to one thirty of the king's game
i know best folks i hate it
okay thank you
okay so nine votes so far three s six no
wqa m hello
qa m
i think maybe joe bill clearance or private the only ones listening after one
because i'm gonna dive at that dial and shut it off
you dive and i think this must be Greg Lucena's calling
to me diver i know one thing about most
well what is it what did i come from you know what the whole thing about
swimmers and divers most of the day i don't understand that
can you explain that to me i don't know it just seems to
just so many i see that gravity towards it yeah
the gravitate toward it wqa m hello
see that was an unwind was where you punch it up and it's like i have a
four-year-old male down the line
hola
johnny hola
hello
hello
hello
hello
hello
hola
johnny
qa m
five sixty
hello
hello
schmuck wqa m hello
hello
he probably got the radio stuck up qa m hello
real goddess
yeah
can't do it wqa m hello
yes
i love the listener jose a gaki what i sleep
okay sounds like a no to me qa m hello
yeah i definitely want me to watch and i've been listening to that game
and George did you see south park last night
no but tape it i heard it was good
okay even a christian your friend corresponded there he's your buddy now
i thought he was mine but he's your buddy now because he says also you guys
watch south park it was great last night i really remember to watch it you know
i haven't sleepy and so uh... take just take that i hit record want to bet
oh you better want better watch it since you get home wild south park because
everybody says it was great last night it's always great
eleven forty seven on the pool man will get to our twelve hundred we got like
let's see twenty one thirty is fifty one minutes to the
and so far we've got let's see nine nine
twelve votes nine will not be listening three so this audience that means that
the uh... three quarters of seventy five percent of me
bye bye bye but we don't care about that because we got a lot of spots in that
free game should be free for free
have you ever turned on the radio and said that song makes me
see well now k.o.pac tape records presents
songs that make you want to throw up
and the dog to go up kick on you i got a
hey caces you and you
say it when i wear hock on you
like i said i'm songs that make you want to throw up you get stained
and forever who's my love i told you
a complete barberama and who could forget their classic
puke puke puke puke and hurl puke puke
puke and hurl puke puke
you know you make me want to buy
who might go dream buy more watch out now
or have my true puke
buy more than i do
buy more than i do
you can do the puke
songs that make you want to throw up
make me buy more than i do
if that music to me songs that make you want to puke you got something
here's a line that's going to really get you in my last
correspondence of paragraph here
i'd have a nice your wife was doing the show or not
i don't know well no because i ask you that all the time she
listens when she's in the car running errands and stuff so i better not read
the matter yet sure go ahead
i'd absolutely absolutely absolutely
love this and my female friend over the studio
to bring George and Chris lunch and they can
jewel all over trust me they'd have to be
unix not to
when they see her in the flesh we would love to have her
come to the studio and bring her
i thought there was a period there after that sorry i was taking a breath
oh well maybe we can set this up and then we'll see then they will fear you
man that would be wrong with that
well be wrong with that having some nice
voluptuous young lady come in here and bring you lunch and just
get from the video and get him to know you
she gets sent on my lap we can talk about whatever pops out i didn't say that
w-c-y-m hello nia yes sir
i want 30 i will be going to the margolese collection and i'll do a little
call to smoke a little self with some of that
excellent choice good choice you won't
not be listening w-c-y-m hello
q-y-m nia you do me a favor
can you play the other team hard away oh you hear it in the mad dog you
no no please please go back and learn some english okay to come back and
about maybe i'll do it yeah there you go there's a little
for you yeah there you go well if you would speak perfect english or even
like real english you know not that baby talk please please
i'm sure it's the best you can do spick it english spick it english five six seven
oh five sixty take a little quick survey here to find out how many of our
peoples is going to be listening when a u-m a pregame show comes out of one
thirty this is just a proof of point which you already know the answer
a gigantic a mammoth tune out i mean just unbelievable
in fact one of my correspondence on there yesterday i think it was something
in email saying how can they possibly be that stupid now actually was a
couple days ago when we had the marlin's game on
remember on Tuesday when we left at 12.50 yeah how can they be that why don't they put it
on other station how can they be that stupid even our my space friends out there
are a student left they don't have to be in radio you have to be a program
actress who had realized but nevertheless we enjoyed a lot i'm not complaining
i want you to understand that but i think there ought to be like a some kind of a uh
uh i a what what would you call like an adjustment like increase our number by uh
when the book comes up by about fifteen but like a handy cap score will like a
paperhead that's right to compensate for all those days when we have like
nobody i mean nobody listening and of course parents
clerics is playing the broadcaster he's spread can't can't
can't the sports broadcaster clearance sterile blah blah blah blah like a little child you know
and joe balsas oh yeah no problem like frankie pentangelo yeah you want to go sure no problem
like that stupid w two a m hello nil yes sir at one twenty i'm going to be blazing up a bloke
super sculpt and then uh i don't know what's going to happen after that okay w two a m hello
nil kute yes sir on those hurricane jerseys under the big letter you they had to put fairy
that's right what a that's the fairytale that's the fairytale that was excellent see i told
you these calls were going to be sensational and you're sitting there now you know let's talk more
about the game and the straight who cares about that nonsense you know jesus beaten it to a bloody
pulp i can say that nobody q a m hello q a m nil yes can you play the best of project long
and jamba w two a m hello yeah just heard it q a m yeah yeah nil uh if you want if you want the
number of the drop at one thirty put your world back on here are you going to be listening to the
basketball game sir that's the question now i'm not going to be listening to it again okay thank you
thank you very much w two a m hello q a m now me up to them out bye when in doubt he's soon up
he's a little bit surly about it too not me i'm tuning out i'm out of here baby i'm out
then he's time like a little bit squirrely about it to militant no need to get like
yes psychotic about it and it's not our choice okay it was up to us we'd say until midnight right
anybody buying that w q a m hello i'll be listening to tape at one thirty
that that that that was uh that was joe bill yeah he's he's he's already getting ready for that summer
schedule but it's not that far away either what is it the eighth of march april may june three months
oh my god i got a nice vacation there in between not that all far away about a month away
wow i bet you joe is hyperventilating he's probably doing the green apple quick step a lot
these days knowing that George is going to be on three days a week starting like the middle of
june all the way through the rest of june and july and august and like up until a week after
labor day oh man let's say here it says i don't do my space so i can't send you the link but trust me
it says you've got to see this clip from nbc news type in the url and watch it says and urls
this long sawed them the unseen video yeah how about email me the link and then we can just click on
it and i can forward it to you and nobody has the type wait you think i can't i can't do this i
can't do it i'm are you pardon i can't do it i'm too lazy to type in the url i mean granted
it's a long one but you know i can do that i can't handle it although you notice this oh i see if
the i hate that underlying stuff because it's got like underlying under a word you don't
underlie under a word right no no that's the one showing up in other words this his facts that's
the hyperlink that's the blue line that you're seeing under there so you're going to see we're
both going to get confused i'm sure the under what goes in the in between there is is the underline
the underscore yeah okay i can add a right after the show after the show i don't have time to do all
these things i may be like a magician here handling all of this stuff there but i can't do all of that
i'll say i grew an extra hand okay what do you miss most about your youth i'm not going to
eleven hundred and sixty nine we got that totally we got the twelve hundred licked at night even on a
short show Chris eleven seven so they may be ripping your ass before i tell you they're
trying to get like four five thousand votes on a poll not that it's a q a m hello not there they
missed their chance q a m hello i'm not watching the game either okay q a m hello yet looking to
your speaker you'll see Joseph Gacchia there try to get a personality transplant q a m hello
yeah he'll know where i'll be listening to that to you i'm gay my right listener some panther's hockey
number one number two i'll shout back in the town and i heard that you had mentioned that guy jp
to use the work for you yeah i don't know if you know i'm a friend of yours so kill me if he knew
i was calling you but uh he's working at channel seven now jp a pop-up on pop-up yeah jp you know he
has to go to he's done pretty well over there but i know he tried to email you one time to tell you
it was back in town and uh you know just like you know i never got it talk talk about our
my spaceman all right man come hop on and thanks well there you go and you kept sending the other day
well jp i remember working on this station boy i'll tell you boy you have i think your old time
is going to have a selective memory for the and that's got to do that it has nothing to do with
sex i mean he does obviously he's hotter and held if you take out a four forty pounds of hair
office chest but um yeah what what does that got to do with that i mean remember people that i
worked with including the what's your name shannon whatever now was easier for a long okay it's
smoking oh well well what's the point everything with you is about whether you were attracted to
a lot of hop on their bones see i never had jp crawling around on his hands in his own a four like
you were doing with shannon they're opening up the cabinet looking for stuff that wasn't in there
well winner i mean that was so freaking obvious i just sit there just shortlanding myself like
like that man would have pervert you know there's one thing that i can really relate to it's perverts
in fact all of my correspondence here on this my spade the only people i talk to are real
perverts trust not amateur perverts i'm talking about real perverts those are the kind of people i
can relate to and i want to associate with anybody who's a goody two shoes or doesn't even want
to try to be a pervert and you deal with them you know i mean all of them even you go on i don't
even trust those people yeah because you know they're full of crap and that means that whatever
we don't like that word pervert me we don't want to be classified as perverts no just i guess lonely i
just mean what they're into is too embarrassing for them to admit probably wnaq a m hello
q a m come on duck and tawa rick wnaq a m hello
chosa ducky you company man you fairy wnaq a m hello
seven seven seven five all right give it a ring maybe there's a one that's going to be listening
nobody on five wq a m hello hello yes sir yeah this gimme daddy got to be calling that game
who gimme and Danny yeah gimme and Danny and Danny and gimme yes maw wq a m hello
hey how you doing Neil okay no take it a survey here and these people got their own agenda
and just a yes or no very simple yes or no and they still can't get it done that's the kind of
riff rap that's the kind of swill that's the kind of walking manure that populates such a gigantic
portion of South Florida that's what we deal with i'm sure i love it personally i'm enchanted with
it let's see five ten fifteen sixteen sixteen out of nineteen okay well that that's a hard
number to figure so let's let's give another one for yes four just make one up somebody will
listen to building because they're captive audience so there's 20 votes with one phone
21 for yes 16 no and four for yes so 16 out of 20 is 80 percent 80 percent are going to be
tuning out of course we have this gigantic humongous audience not with anybody worry about and then
of course what they would tell us is yeah but you're out of county for these zidians and people
are going to be tuning in who is starting to learn that you just wait for that puck to come you
get yourself open and stasting will find you stasting will get you that puck and you look at now this
you just say there puck or schmuck i think you said well they got one in here a little hockey
stuff you know Peter stasney there he goes i wonder what y'all they think about that we could put on
we could put on clips from old hockey games and i think probably have a bigger number well who
now is that on the avalanche man oh man where did he come from oh man those hockey players look
out now oh no this is not a tumor it's the one the two hour
you are standing on naked man in the shower soul
all around the four full pounds stasney that's my soul
oh we'll stay close up all the time without men to play games
That deep that eyes are tied behind, insisting that my day is...
Now you've got to hide your heart away...
Now you've got to hide your heart away...
Now you'll shorten hardly time, since that straight game will buy...
Men who fall apart by men, is a squad-hole, say the mine, yeah, yeah...
Now you'll feel just cold-hole queers, having fun with the boys...
In the lots of room I hear, boy, boy, boy, boy...
Now you've got to hide your heart away...
Now you've got to hide your heart away...
I got some very exciting news for you guys...
I think your close personal new friend Chris here on our Myspace is going to get you some food...
I did say it late, I said some food...
And the crystal is listening right now, George's long-suffering wife...
Don't get me in the middle of this, okay, I got none to do with this, okay?
What's she gonna do, bitch, more?
You know something today has been, I don't know what it is, if the rain of the sun is shining or the finally we're thung...
I'll have a little bit up here, what the deal is, my brain finally...
Unstamp, I mean, in regard to everything, you know all the things that we talk about all the time and all my...
Everything finally snapped into place, I'll send you the morning, all about it.
Excellent. I'll tell you when others about it, they're more...
I'm serious, I'm just finally, I am too.
I mean, and you should have, of all people, you should have done this a long time ago, but you didn't, but that's alright.
You liked the angst and the drama.
Should have done what?
It says, awesome, trust me, they will be thanking me when they see her.
And I'm not gonna get you in touch with him, how do I do that?
Tell him to send me in this, I've done Myspace.
Oh yeah, why don't you do it? Yeah, why do I gotta be the pimp here, huh?
You know, it's hard out there for a pimp.
Come on, you can do it Chris, you can find George's...
Right there, right, I'm one of your top friends, just click on my top friends right on the way they look for me.
I mean, Jessica Simpson, there you go, bouncing Jessica, as George is remembering those days when Jessica was sitting right across the table,
and he kept reaching up on the table, and trying to grab a little sump and some from so.
Being the lx that he is, he was actually very nice.
So, with NICE, I'm sure she was very nice.
I wish NIC would be sitting across the table for me right now.
You know, it's interesting, remember that Alan Guy, his mother called that one time, and he started that...
The Myspace thing for celebrities, whatever the hell it was, I forget what the name was.
Right, yeah, whatever it is.
And NIC was sharing his one of the people on there, and he said, oh I'm gonna get into touch with him.
And at one time I got something from that Alan Guy, it was kind of like incoherent to make any sense,
and it was something about NIC, but it wasn't really NIC.
It was somebody talking, I don't know what it was.
And it's like, oh my god.
When you're a big star like NIC, you know, you can't be bright into sluggers.
He would write to me.
I mean, if Johnny Depp is writing to Johnny G, then certainly NIC is gonna write to old...
NIC for Dan Schud.
I'm trying to come up with my music, go into the ballgame.
Oh, I know what it might be.
We may have had a vocal with Stepon.
It would be good.
Al Martino, all this.
One half, one half, one half, one half.
It's so schmaltzy.
It's so schmaltzy.
I got to update my monovony collection.
Yeah, there you go.
A little monovony would be good before the game.
Put everybody into a coma.
It will be probably about 201, or maybe 131.
What is that?
It's a city in Paster Island.
It's a city in Paster Island.
It's a city in Paster Island.
It's a city in Paster Island.
Is this one they were walking around with the sheep and epilonia and whatnot?
Bodyguards with the shotguns.
I'm not rather here that.
That's, you know...
This one sounds so much more ominous.
Then some more ominous, a seabull.
She used to be the traffic lady at Dianne's Z.
I'm this.
What a memory.
Oh yeah, I like this.
But it's very, it's like George's very short.
So if I was you, I'd keep your eye peeled for a e-mail from my buddy, Chris.
Oh, I love this.
Now here's schmaltz, baby.
If you want the definition of schmaltz, enough hard enough to talk about schmaltz, hearing.
Just general plain old everyday, Yiddish schmaltz.
This is it.
With the bunch of voices, the singing.
And the Jew from Miami, Hymen Roth.
Maybe that's where they got the schmaltz from all of a sudden.
That was from Hymen Roth.
What do you think?
They'd be?
Or maybe from Ugaath.
I like how he was kicking back in that chair there in Florida.
Hymen Roth, he had a leg up there.
Yeah, but then when he took his shirt off and I once seen his leg up back in a couch.
We don't want to see a 90-year-old man with a hairy, white-haired chest.
Oh, fat.
I don't care what persuasion you may be.
Although Pat Boone said friendly persuasion.
Did he?
He did.
He's saying friendly persuasion on dot records in my front.
I bet you have that in there.
Friendly persuasion.
I think you only got Moody River.
I like that Moody River.
I must confess that back in the day I loved Pat Boone.
Now I hit him like poison because he's the right wing religious phony.
If I could go a piece of crap.
There you go.
Moody River.
What I'd tell you.
1958, 1959.
Somewhere around there.
1960.
Like I said, 20.
I was 60 words, sorry.
I was getting up to you.
You chopped me short.
So does me.
Okay, that's enough.
Kill him, man.
Pat Boone.
Pat Boone wrote a book, twist 12 and 20.
And don't do this.
And don't touch that.
And don't think these things.
And man, in the meantime, he was doing everything that move.
Pat Boone.
Would like to have done him back then as a matter of fact.
But I can't say that on the air because that sounds very gay.
107 at 5.
60 WNQM.
Junior honey.
I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
You know, at octurt candy yeah, that's all right. We have a Links to All Right so inORTER 1,bags.
to GPS. To show you how the demographics of the market have changed, used to be the
great WGBS 710. In fact, it's at 710, Berkall Avenue. Are you aware of that?
No.
Isn't that ironic? There's 710 on the dial.
I don't know how they ever swung that. What?
Coincidence.
Let me get out. There are coincidences in my ass. My pimpley ass.
Anyway, he was also a regular on Mesa Revuelta, a round table discussion on which the
main topic was usually Castro. And Castro is alive, and now this poor guy Augustin
Thamada go. He's dead. Now what am I looking for? Sports. Okay. I hate to do this on the
air, but I mean, Chris leaves me no choice. You leave me no choice, man. Let's see.
Let me go. I heard his sports sports. Oh, I'm glad I said that. But it turns like
it. Let's see. You have an FSU to go for an tournament. The Bapapapa. A need to go for
an tournament. Now let's see what it says here. This is the hero to keep in mind. So it
might not be easy to figure out. Where's the thing where it says radio and TV and what's
on and et cetera and so on? Can't find it. Oh God. Let's see. Colleges. UM. Okay.
UM, basically, UM baseball. I don't care about UM baseball here right now. We're talking
about the hoops, man. Hoops. Where the hell is it? Watch. Listen. Think. Hurricane's
basketball at a glance in your pants. No chance. Like romance. No, seriously. I just
all of a sudden about 10 minutes ago. My brain snapped back into place. My my space.
No, seriously, my my space lunacy just all vanished. They just finally I just realized
no, seriously, people have a life. People live their lives. People are entitled to live
their lives. Everybody have a great time. That's my you know what I'm saying? I'm going
to start right now. It's all I don't want to wait for 15 minutes. What? Just start having
a great time. I'm going to end up right now because I'm just speaking my way through
these final minutes. I can't find it. This newspaper man on a scale of zero. What kind
of garbage is this? What kind of swill? Like I said, you better find out from somebody
if it's on TV. They're not going to tell you. They think they're going to tell you if
it's on TV. Like, he is. He and of course it'll be on somewhere. If it's the ACC term,
you think that isn't going to be on television somewhere. Mr. You must be dreaming.
You must be in a dream world. Let's see if I can find it here. I know. You know, I'm
going to look for the Sun Central because that's where I found out about what's his name
Sabin Leven. Okay. That day. Yeah. Remember that day? How embarrassing everybody. All
of our being hot shots forced people and I get to scoop on it because it was on the
Sun Central. Sabin announces he's leaving. Okay. New evidence. I didn't lay a release
of autopsy and death of an in the cold smith. We don't care. We don't ever want to hear
about that slut again. Forget about her University of Miami. Okay. I'm clicking on right now
on the Sun. The slum central ACC hoping Florida fans will take note. It says whatever the
hell that means. Now, where let's see? New hurricane coaches got new rules. That's a football.
Where the hell is the radio and TV stuff? Where is it? Can't find it with somebody. Please
tell us. Please. Pretty please. Not inside the building. I can't find it. Can you find
it? No. How about the information? I'm looking. I'm looking. I can't. I can't find
this. University. I mean, well, that's it. I made my effort. I tried. Sun Central and
the hurricane. Find it. Sorry. Maybe somebody on the phone will know. We think somebody
Q. I am. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Is that came on TV? You know? I didn't
hear what you said. Okay. Go ahead. Two things. First of all, how was your trip to wood
mine yesterday? Horrible. Horrible. Just wrote test. Bad. Really bad. No good machines.
No good machines for this kid. No. Okay. Earlier before I left my car to lunch, you mentioned
oh my god, my longest radio accident. Bruce. Yeah. Oh, what? What is an accident? No, right?
Do his day. It's Tuesday. He was. He was horrible. He was horrible. I used to actually
have to admit I had a many months radio accident listening to him before I discovered you
would have been a loyal listener ever since. Okay. Thank you, sir. Have a good day.
And you too. Have a good life. Here's a fact that says let me get this straight. I can
hear the listener. Hurricane's basketball on Q.A.M. or Sid Rosenstein,
Crancburg shorts on the other stage. And that's a tough one. I'm right to listen to the sound of
nails being scratched on a blackboard. Wow. How do you like that for a real shot?
Nails on a blackboard and Sid Rosencrancstein, or Hurricane's basketball. Maybe the worst of all.
Yeah, like the sounds of some horrible sporting event preempting the show.
Not that I'm complaining. I'm delighted. I can start working on my lunch right there. 130.
And I think that's what I'm talking about. Well, Torrent will be on FSN. Fox Sports
now. Absolutely. And tell me of course, let me on TV. It'll be on TV here. Even I could watch it.
Do you think I'm going to be watching that crap? No. You've bet you three life. I'm not going to be
watching that garbage man. Clarence, my ass with all of it. Oh, but the contract says is,
of course, of course, this is the part of the other additional wonderful stuff. And do these sports
teams is that they sign these contracts. But if the sports team is like playing outdoor with a
bunch of 10 year old kids and the game actually means something to them, then we have to carry it
on the air. You're right. They should spot us a point in the rating. They should spot us 15 points
in numbers. If we get a seven share, they give us a 20 to a 22 is what they should give us.
Don't forget the trends are coming up tomorrow. What time? 11 30? Yes. See, I like to sound all
whipped up about this because I know a lot of people out there are very, they they hated. I mean,
a half an hour is in the end of the world. But like when the Marlin's exhibition games on 1250,
that's two hours and 10 minutes that they're losing of this hour and 10. That's not that much either.
Although we'll take it. I'm not knocking it. We'll take it hour and 10 minutes. Where's my? Oh,
I don't forget. Please because nobody's going to know this year. You're all going to get screwed up
Sunday morning Saturday night when you go to bed. Turn the clock ahead now or daylight savings time
comes back early now. They changed the law. Canada, US. Got only knows where else.
Newfoundland. And huh? You know, Foundland. You found out twice. You wrote a newfoundland. You know,
Newfoundland is an hour and a half ahead of where I am right now. I know that's why I said that.
What's with the very first hour? I've only placed in North America. That's like an hour.
I'm going to meet this like a half hour of power and new thing or some idiots would say Newfoundland.
What kind of a moron would say Newfoundland? You know, Newfoundland.
Twenty past there one. If you and we better get with it here because we got that big,
big pregame coming up where Clarence the Man Clarence Darryl. Oh,
is she Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers?
I remember one. There were a lot of people who thought I lost my mind.
When I said global changes were gonna fright. Even polar bears in the Arctic could tell
Earth was a warmer place. Hey, watch me dance now. Boom check a lot a lot of the boob. And I was
out there. No speech prepared and they called my name.
They said Alvor Wands for Enconvigian truth. But that feeling of winning does not compare with
the feeling of standing next to Leonardo. He is cute. This Oscar is my baby.
Oh, Alvor. No Oscar is my baby. No Alvor.
This Oscar is my baby. No Alvor. Best documentary.
Okay, once 25 you're going to begin the email from our buddy Chris sometimes.
I'm kind of push him on it because obviously you're and he says you sound like the poster
job for not getting married and I said you are absolutely correct. Yeah, I just wait
a little bit more. I'm doing a series of lectures. Good idea. Okay, let's take a look at that pool
and then we're going to be out of here pretty soon because we got very Sunday-Rain
muy important. They come up here in a second. What do you miss most about your youth 1226 votes?
Not too bad for a short show and for a really marginal pull question. Sex with young people
my own age 234. Being irresponsible had no real consequences 206. My body 181. Oh, my young
supple body. I never had one. Was it real music 104? My hair 84. Being single 82. American
Americans are were mostly I like to broad 66. Yeah, they liked us once upon a time in America.
Being ignorant as in ignorance is bliss oblivious 51. I hate this pull 49 3.9 percent.
Well too bad. My stamina 41. Real radio 37. Being in school actually learning something 33.
Segregation 32 racist best dollar rolls out there. The cold war because at least we knew who
the enemy was 15. The Ruskies. Kamanista. Kamanista Kamanista. And real newspapers 11.
1226. I guess there are probably a lot of people in South Florida think they really have real
newspapers to which I would say. Oh yeah, make no mistake about that.
So this has been let's see we took we have 20 votes on that in a real quick mini pull 16.
It was actually only 19 16 out of 19. Are you kidding me? We're going to be listening to that stuff.
But it's very important. It's I don't know why. Don't you think it's important? I mean like the
regular season gave us as anybody go they built that new arena there. Anybody go to them? No.
Thousands of empty seats. They needed that arena like they as my grandmother would say
Dr. Xavier Lockincop. You know what it means? That means you need this like a hole in the head.
Dr. Xavier Lockincop. I'm going to tell you man the joy of it is a great you know.
Once her show started. You know she well never dig her up. She was a panic. She was really funny.
If you think my mother was funny I could randomly move aside. Anna Solomon I told you the name was
Angle of it and they changed it to Solomon because they didn't want to be so conspicuously Jewish.
Now what I want to hear is that story. I want to hear as your mother and your grandmother having
an argument. No. No what you want to hear was my mother and my aunt having an argument.
Oh boy. That would really be special. My aunt the reader who's still alive by the way in
Halendale. And I know I never ever again I got that one. I think a couple of times I got an
email from my my cousins kid who's like 29 or 30 whatever right now. Dr. David Christmas time and
I responded and he listens he says he listens with the earphones on gritting from ear to ear every
day and just really excited about this show and being a related to me all the way distant.
And I never heard from him again. Huh. Maybe if I let you were you know Jewish.
He believed me trust me. You think anybody listens to this show for five minutes says no
okay. Oh we still get those calls over and out of here. People still like me.
So but it just actually yelled the other day. What? It might really get
these the folks here from specs. I mean what are we talking about here my gay.
I know I guess it all depends on what the word means. Let's have a
something to debate about there. What does it really mean? That's like a good spot to close.
Happy and get in fact in um Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hatton. That's right.
On the couple nights ago and she said something but oh that's so gay and I thought that's what
all of you can say it's so gay. Yeah drinking that potion was kind of gay too you know.
So gay Dr. Jekyll and Jekyll. What are having the time jiffy by the way he died nobody knows about
the world. Anyway we got you at basketball coming up next to the ACC tournament
temple with clearance and the beast and Joseph Gackie. Oh my god the whole crew needs a
personality transplant. Then we got the hang for it after the game for us at 30.
Panther preview from 6.3 to 7. The Panthers at the 12th of the year flyers.
In other words between now until the present and CSP and radio after that. In other words
till tomorrow morning bye everybody.
For the entire staff management of WQM we wish you a pleasant good evening on Santa.
I believe in America. Good night and made a good news viewers as Ralph Redneck would say if
he were here today. Good night. Listen to me. There you go.
There she's in B2M 4578. Oh look.
Where is it upright? Jesus Christ.
Your music isn't fat. No way is it? It's 130. I know.
