Trouble maker, Schmidt Disturber, Jackass, Royal Rich Kill, all the other things that we have for our sex.
The other ranch show, the Talked Emile, Dial 5 6705, we hate to hear you all row anything to her feelings.
Andrew Derry, 8777, and 5th Eye, or Pound 560 on your AT&T and Bullwise of Wireless Fall.
I decided to be on the same ranch over there, that was her abuse guess.
Or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQA.
With 5th, staff forced to buy the same disease now, the Neil Rogers Show on 560WQAM.
Party, party, party, spread the game to your Rouge.
I don't want the media to turn the channel no more.
This might be the great feeling.
I'm getting a shaggy ass!
Hey, it's Alan.
Now it's David.
Welcome back to the Mojawa David Show,
where we're jukeful as any, but good clean family fun.
Da!
I'm here in your dead.
It's the eye.
I didn't die that phrase.
Hey!
Do you know that pipe smoking thing's rape is funny?
Is that funny?
Huh?
What?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drop your beds.
Oh, now see here.
Right now.
I want a little bed.
Drop it off, we have to get you like a thing.
Get your head out.
Get out of there.
Get out of there, sit back.
That's what I feel like.
I don't touch my delicate subtender.
Why do you think you want to ring me?
Why does weight think it's funny?
That's why.
Don't put it there.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get your head out.
I've got to wash these eggs, but I don't want my head.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
Get it up, man.
What are you, some kind of fairy?
Great, David.
What do you know about being queer, you moron?
I've been writing them up to no different.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports radio over here.
We love men.
Of this point I'm in it.
I don't care.
They're good to eat by the door.
Yeah!
I'm going to make some out of this cray paper, you understand?
They may be let up.
I'll pull the link sausages out of my pants.
Okay.
It's a joke, you moron.
Oh, no.
I have sports shoes in my pants.
Oh, boy.
I have two kibbles for you.
Oh, boy.
You're standing on the couch.
Oh, oh, oh.
Hello, darling.
How can I help you?
Well, you see what I'm here?
Yeah.
I keep getting raped.
You're looking to it right away.
Thanks a lot.
It's about time.
Some put it in now.
Drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
Lessons are more kindle.
Give you something to do while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Pouring the hot liquid in your eye.
Like this.
Oh, boy.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
It's a noise.
Oh, boy.
I know.
Look what you made me.
Don't hide your pants on.
Now, pin wide.
You want to watch my show?
You do as you're told.
Now, get over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Now, come here.
Now, get over there.
Come here.
Now, come here.
Come over here.
Come over here.
Over here.
Over here.
Do the pizza.
No.
I did not steal those pizza.
Do the pizza.
Now, see here.
I ain't no pie.
Very good.
Do the pizza.
I did not steal a pizza.
You only have one slice.
But you had close to the glass doors.
See if anybody's inside.
No, please.
Close it.
Close it.
A little closer.
Like that.
I said, get me.
Come here.
Come here.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why, I oughta...
Come here.
Come here.
Now, see here.
Come here.
Come here.
Come here.
All right, all right.
Yes, up.
But get stuck aside.
I'm the new Pope.
Say, I stand before you now.
And let me bless you, my son, the joy.
The joy.
The joy.
Well, perhaps you'll gonger my, John, or my, totally.
I don't want to look at that, totally.
John, I don't want you to totally drove me.
John!
John!
John!
I'll never fight me in this.
You know what?
Of course it's important that I outlive you.
Why, I'll have you know.
I'm going home now.
But I'm sure.
Watch out for Mr. Widdell's.
Wee.
Wee.
Wee.
What happened?
What did you say?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
I got about it.
That's what I say.
And kiss my ass.
Okay, 105-560 W2Q.
I'm happy, yet Tuesday to you, it's September 11th.
The August is a solemn day, right?
Yes.
I asked George before the show today, how many years
are we going to continue or commemorating the anniversary of 9-11?
And he said, until the end of time, forever and ever on.
And you people in the media, by the way, including you idiots and CNN,
you're sick.
There are almost 4,000 dead American troops in Iraq, which had nothing to do with 9-11.
There are hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis civilians, which had nothing to do with 9-11.
And you people are, oh, and it's so solemn, and all these people are here.
Okay.
They really care.
By the way, speaking of A-holes, Joel Feinberg, you are the world's biggest A-hole.
As an A-hole.
As an A-hole.
I'm at W-buying yesterday.
Another big day, by the way, for me, I'm on a really good role.
You know what I'm going to do is quit, right?
But anyway, I'm in quit going there.
All the maybe the other part, not a bad idea too.
So I'm sitting there at my machine and my cell phone ring.
Oh, actually, before that, I think I had a message.
Remember, I told you about my Mexican troubadour friends, a little band of troubadours,
and went to Montreal for the weekend.
Yes, sir.
And they missed their train at 11-40 years.
And they were in the Marillachie band.
Well, there was a 340 train in the afternoon yesterday.
And I get a message, well, we missed that one too.
And so I guess they finally made the five o'clock and got back who knows when,
and they have this point who cares.
But they have a different system of time than Mexico.
They're on Mexico time.
That's correct.
Just like Chuba time.
There's Mexico time.
Good time.
It's always good.
I get it.
So why did I get a phone call from Jolly Fat Estuobel?
And by the way, let me ask you a question.
I should have asked you this off the ear, but I noticed at the very end of the show,
and maybe the red light just came on by itself.
But you weren't dumping anything that I was playing yesterday at any point,
either one of you were you?
No.
Like at the very end of the show, like that?
No.
Okay.
Maybe it was an act of God.
Maybe it was maybe Joyce's God or Finger on the red button.
Maybe that's what that's all about.
And the dump button?
Maybe Joyce's God kind of like that.
Maybe she heard me talking about Paul Drew in CKLW.
Now you had that red button.
You know how to use to press?
In any way.
Maybe she's got over there in Naples a button, and every time she hears a f***,
she hits them.
That's why this little light keeps coming on.
Because I noticed at the end of the show, there was again.
I thought, oh, don't tell me that those guys are bleeping out my stuff.
Because that would be bad.
Anyway, Joe Bell calls to tell me that, well, this, we're getting clearer about whether
Joel Feinberg is going to continue to be on the show on the phone about the...
I said, well, guess what?
I'm not taking calls anymore anyhow, so even if I intended to put him on,
which I don't, uh, that didn't have an impossibility.
Oh, well, you're not taking calls.
Why?
I said, because they suck, because there aren't any calls.
Oh, because you're incompetent, Joe.
That's part of the reason.
But at any rate, so then he proceeds to tell me that Joel Feinberg sent him an email telling him,
and I want the audience to listen very carefully and very clearly to this,
telling our general manager, oh, Niels has been bugging me for a job for so long.
And blah, blah, blah, as if that's the excuse for him calling in.
Well, first of all, I've never, ever asked him or anybody else over there for a job.
I've sat on the ear and I'll say it again, I wouldn't work for him if they tripled my salary.
I don't have anything to do with you, Joel.
Go away.
Any further involvement with me, George, Norma Kent, or anybody involved with this show,
will be considered contact tampering, and I will sue your ass.
I don't want anything to do with you, or your rich daddy, or stew gods,
or any of the losers you have, the parade of crap that you've got over there on you.
We got our own crap, okay?
But even after 31 and a half years in this market, I have a little teeny tiny bit of self-respect left
and just enough so that I wouldn't work for a jackass like you, Joel, and a liar.
Niels, the bigotr...like the line he came up with, what was it?
The O'Neill has been begging me to save him or whatever that was that a rescue...
Yes, you're delusional, man.
You're a liar and you're delusional and you're full of crap and a professional ocean of revocator.
So obviously he's trying to drive a waging here and interfering and, you know,
and of course if I had an agent that had any involvement in this program,
or was, you know, worth his salve, he would already be on the case, you know what I'm saying?
Rescue me, you know what I'm saying?
I tell a badger, the big fat ass on CKL's of me.
Very angry.
A U.S. Air Force Base in Germany received a bomb threat hours before the sixth anniversary of my love of attacks.
There's also a bomb threat at a hospital where the hell was that in St. Petersburg?
Well, it's 9-11, you know, when a bomb agrande is going to go off somewhere,
military police have stepped up security in Spandalheim, Helm, I don't know what that is, Germany.
I'm taking a closer look at cars and trucks entering the Spandal...how do you say that?
Spandal them, Air Base, phone...well, it's not that difficult.
A telephone call threatening to blow the place up.
Someone speaking in German with a non-German accent.
Someone who said each speed line bail in Air called the base Monday evening and issued the bomb warning
according to Iris Rife, a spokeswoman with the public affairs office at the base.
As well as coming to the day before the anniversary of 9-11, the incident also occurred a week after the unravelling of a terror plot
aimed at U.S. military installations in Germany.
We've started a diverted traffic around the main gate area, so each of the security forces can get a complete look at the vehicles
from the front and the sides and kept them kept in Kauffman, a base spokesman.
Three men, two Germans and a Turk were arrested last week by German police,
for allegedly being part of an Islamic G-Hod sell the target of the American G-Hod, G-Hod.
We better play that stuff today, man. G-Hod, it's the anniversary of 9-11.
There you go, bomb threat forces evacuation of a hospital in St. Petersburg, Florida.
All the bombs all the time. It's like back in the 60s.
In Miami, when all the bombs were going off, I don't want to say who the people were who were sitting them off it.
I'll give you several guess that you're here.
Anyway, here's the poll from yesterday, and this is my poll.
I'm so used to coming on these alternate days and reading your polls.
Well, I wasn't a poll. Well, I didn't say that. You thought it though.
I've read your poll. Yes, I did.
Picture-pride.
109 people are checked in, which is pretty weak to be honest with you on a survey.
It wasn't a poll. It's just a survey. Are you out there? Are you alive? What are you?
Annual demographic survey, which are you?
Mail 35 plus 930, 77% of the audience has been 35 plus.
And you know what I think of when I think of 77?
W-A-B-C!
But of course, that's still living in the past.
Mail 18 to 3466, 13.7%. That's not bad. Not great. That's not bad.
And again, keep in mind, this is only a snapshot. This is only half of the entire audience.
B-mail 35 plus 86.
Female 18 to 3417. Now, you add these female numbers altogether and you've got like 9%.
I don't get it. Female under 18.7 and male under 18 only three.
But we did get one more there after the end of the show.
Some kid who was lost and found his way into our website.
Oh, what's this?
Trouble 9 on the poll yesterday. Got it? Got it.
Now should we be real solemn today because it's the sixth anniversary of 9-11?
Or should we just do my show?
Yeah.
You're taking any calls today, by the way. We'll get to that survey about the callers in a minute.
It's not a survey. It's a poll. I'm getting confused.
No more calls today. In fact, Chris is very happy because he didn't have to worry about screening calls.
No more.
Of course, not on this show. Not when I'm doing it anyway.
When George is on, then beware. Then you're going to have some real tourists.
Trouble 9-10 to 560. W-QM, we got mad dog at 2.0.
Power our mad dog at Hank at 4 o'clock. He's doing porting to be back or not.
That's it.
Time to that call yesterday. They have a brawl or one?
No idea.
Hank from 5 to 630 all by himself. Marlins on deck at 630 is they'll try to lose again to Washington.
The Marlins got a horrendous, I mean, grotesque record.
7-05 is game time. The night followed by Game Night with Eddie Kay.
Nice call there. I forgot the Marlins, Joel. You idiot. You loser.
You fairly simple.
You're simple than you liar. You game player. You troublemaker. You Ojohn provocateur.
The U.
Yeah.
I wasn't married.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
No strut down the stepbias and a puddle boy.
I'm going to miss Hank at 2.
So now where can I read all the future lies?
Without the weakly world news.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
News.
What the hell is that mean?
Is it?
Because the Martlins have a 12-30 game tomorrow and the Martland certainly wouldn't be playing the Russian Shona.
U.
Know the next day the guy starts the Naç, especially when there is a Russia Sona.
Maybe Eugene Kippher would be.
Everybody knows him.
paper with a marlin's play. But that's beside the point.
Okay, here's the deal on the poll. And we actually have a pretty good start on this,
733 votes. And don't play me. I was, uh, would buying when Eric decided to change the
poll like in minstream. Well, what's it about? He does that. He does like a spontaneous
change, you know, you ever notice that? No. He does that with me. I don't know why. Because
I guess he figures I'm not paying any attention or amount of practice or I'm just a dottering
old fool, which of course I am, but nevertheless. Now that Neil has killed the calls, which
is a chronic caller, would you miss the most? 733. See, I tried to explain it to Joe,
but yesterday I went out in the hallway. I put my jacket, I put my, I like jacket on
my chair there by my machine, you know, that would mine. And I went out in the hallway
so I could hear him because obviously with all the noise from the machines and the
people, you know, it's very hard to have a phone conversation. If this is what you
aren't supposed to use your cell phone in there, but everybody does anyway screw them,
you know, with all the money they're steaming from us, screw them. So I went out there
and I tried to explain to him about, you know, the facts of life and about the fact that
we go through different things change, things change. And like I said, I'm going to show
a month ago, the whole era of this business is taking phone calls. I mean, I hear the sports
phone calls like I heard with Joe today in between the 800 live spots, but it's the same
conversation as been from people who had something to say, people who were kind of like
chronic, people who were like fairly regular, is that you enjoyed talking to people who
had like a personality and you could have a conversation with. It went from that to
a group of nut jobs, but a whole lot of different ones, you know, and then it kind of narrowed
down to like three or four people who hijacked the show, every small number, not three or
four, a little bit more than that, not too many more. And they hijacked the show. And so
that means it's over. And the rest of the people have nothing to say anyway because if
they did those three or four, wouldn't keep getting through over and over and over again.
The rest of the people in South Florida, in case you haven't noticed, have nothing to say.
I mean, that's been going on for what, 10 years at least. Certainly since we came to QIM.
Quartzettance? No. 738 votes. Which collar will you miss the most? Which chronic? I hate
them all. It just buries the competition. And Chris was trying to tell me, oh, don't
put that on there. That's a cop out. No, it's not. It's an honest expression of contempt.
Contempt. Hate them all. People who think they're funny, people who think they're amusing,
people who are hell bent on, you know, turning my life into a pile of manure. Okay. We got
enough manure on this radio station. We don't need it between 10 and 2. So there's going to be
manure. George and I and Chris can provide plenty of it. I'm brought up. Very regular. Yeah.
I hate them all 325, 44% almost half. Hate them all like poison. Eddie, 82.
There's Eddie. 82. I think I helped him by playing at the thing yesterday, the voicemail.
That by the way was a voicemail on the phone. Now, do we still do, do we still get voicemails
every now and then? I took it like what's the look? And, oh, I haven't got anything good
like that. No, but you never will. Eddie 82 Gilbert 74, which shocks the hell out of me.
They're going to miss him. They're going to miss you. We don't. Reverend Jones 70. And
you can only imagine him in his underwear. How many of the how many of the 70 votes came
from them? By the way, Reverend Jones. Yeah. John, by 66, John, by an individual who needs
very serious assistance soon needs to be put in a rubber room and a straight jacket. John
by right. I'm the John by guy, which is a K a. I have no line. Right. Joel Feinberg,
32. Let me say it again, liar hallucinator, a maniac, a man who needs a personality transplant
and a brain transplant only, you know, where the reason they need to begin with, how do you transplant
it? Maybe a new one. I've been begging him for a job for a long time. Joel, you're living a dream
world. You only wish like I told you yesterday, right here, push. You'd give your left enough for
me to be over on air on that Maple Leaf station and ain't going to happen. And then it's coming.
Well, I run a sports station. I got no slot for you anyway. Oh, yeah, right.
Just like here, they run a sports station. They have no room for us. Joel Feinberg, 32.
They, what did I do to you guy? 16, who called yesterday. In the great that a lot of these people
call and got their last shot in the Jesus Christ guy who did not call yesterday, 15. What a shame.
Prozac Ron, you know, I, I, please medication. Prozac Ron, 14. Blind Mike,
13. My, my, my. You're making, you're mailing it in guy 12, mailing it in. Now, what's the other,
what was the other line? Oh, about the numbers and the polls and the numbers. Sure. You're mailing it in.
Yeah, you're mailing a guy older than Mathusa's grandpa, the 25 cents slot guy, seven, who's probably
on his way to Vegas right now with his roller quarters. Guy with the eyes, five, who's he looked
with David Cancity, who did call in the yesterday's matter of fact. The S&P guy, S&P's
back down now, he's a relatively new chronic, but extraordinarily annoying and a real jackass.
He had five votes and the Yovon guy only two after 20 years from Zeta all the way on through,
they left town for quite a while and called, they came back to an ounce on the year. Oh, I'm back.
I'm back. Just like your good friend, G-man, who kept leaving and coming back.
Oh, right. He saw us to a lot there somewhere. Speaking of extraordinarily troubled people.
Somebody just facts this in, Vicki had her as furious and wants someone to explain why her
son was humiliated last week during football practice. Since then, any mother said her 10-year-old
son's coach Kurt McKinney sent the boy home from the Midwest, Marender's practice, Marauders,
excuse me, it's a bad copy. Marauders practice Friday and his underwear. He walks with his
t-shirt and his underwear and his cleats hatter said, he says, Mom, you'll never believe what
coach Kurt made me do. Oshere, I have no idea. I never heard of that AUCHERRE, Oshere,
Washington explained that his coach had kicked him off the team after he deviated from team rules
during a practice drill that had players running up and down a short hill. I chose to walk down the
hill, Oshere said, I ran to the middle of it, then I started walking down so I didn't bump
into anybody because if I do that, I'm going to knock them probably a couple of feet back.
The boy said his coach would be rated him in front of the other players. You're too slow for
the team. You know, but for the team, Oshere said the coach told him, he told me to take off my
stuff and give it back to him. While you're at it, take off my pants. Oshere said a complaint with
the coaches, or in front of his teammates, and some parents took a seat in the bleachers,
wearing only a t-shirt and boxer shorts. He said he went to a neighbor's house nearby because
he didn't want to cheerleaders to see him in his underwear. He wanted a pair of pants, said
neighbor Yvonne, work me, was upset and seemed like he was nervous and didn't know what to do.
The coach denied any wrongdoing and inner-city youth football collaborative official said
that he hasn't been suspended because police haven't charged him with any crime.
Police and League officials have opened an investigation and had her said she wants some answers.
What was going through his head at the time to have my child disrobe in a public park full of
people and how much he humiliated and took away his power, how to say. He took away the power, baby.
754, we're going to have over a thousand votes on the full of it and Chris has been a really
have a big feather in his dome cap in his hat. Aren't you? Sure, why not? Of course.
But he's wearing one of those caps like Robin Hoodwear. No. What do you call those?
Yeah, well, beside that. I don't know.
27 past 10 at 5. 60 WQN.
Good morning.
Spoilful radio 560 WQA.
Presents Morning Sports Jewels.
A good morning drive show track full of sports information.
And the sorted amateur class carefully crafted my up programming mavens for us to enjoy.
Hello, I'm your host, Rebiminasha Shainbaum.
Joining me this morning is Ethan Skolnik.
Ethan. Hi.
Have been Cohen.
And of course, Geldy Geldsty.
This gentleman is my question. Why sports?
Plus in high school we always got take layers.
If he's not at all.
So what would you gentlemen like to do?
I know. Let's have a mystery call.
That's a wonderful idea.
Okay. Okay. I'll get on this phone over here.
Oh, look. We have a mystery caller on the line.
Hello. Who is this?
I'm the mystery caller.
Let us now take a call to guess who you are.
Kennedy Estates.
You play for the minor hacking.
I can't know.
Inside the building.
Hello.
Hey there, Geldy.
This fits funnier than the square table.
I don't know this anymore.
No, that was not entertaining at all.
27 before 11 at 5.60 WDQ.
And I thought it was very entertaining.
764 votes on our awarding poll today, baby.
We are kicking big, fat, smelly, old ancient Egyptian ass, old style, real old style.
I think what we ought to do is go on strike against Joe Bell.
He gives me the song that I answered by Joe Elfheimer,
which I already know that Joe is a liar and a troublemaker and a piece of crap and a VS artist.
And he admitted himself yesterday.
There's nothing about radio or sports, which is the only honest thing he said.
But I think we ought to, Joe Bell is trying to divert the attention.
In fact, we were talking about that before, about people that like to play that game and turn things around.
When they do bad stuff and it's always like the other, somebody else's fault.
Right? Right.
And usually, you're fault.
They do bad stuff to you and start you're fault.
You did something bad, you know.
I can relate to that.
That's the story of my life.
Uh-huh.
Trying to be a good guy and it's always your bad.
Your evil stuff like that.
That's right.
What we ought to do is do something evil to Joe Bell.
Like, maybe play music all day every day.
Sure.
And I'm not even talking about music that we like or anybody likes.
Music that nobody likes, like, come carry the vaccine.
I'm not. That's too good.
Okay.
Seven sixty seven, the open guys in last place, by the way, they hate you like poison and they only got two votes.
And probably one of them is his.
Six years after the 9-11 of tanks on the US, most Americans view the plain hijackings that killed
around 3,000 people as the most significant historical event of their lives according to a poll release yesterday.
Now what would you say?
Oh, that's right.
You weren't alive in 63, were you?
No, more than 65.
Oh.
Hmm.
Because I would say the Kennedy assassination, that's JFK.
I would say that was the most significant event, historical event of my life.
And then 9-11.
And then Bobby Kennedy.
81% of those surveys said they see the attacks as the most significant historical event of their
lifetimes with more people on the East Coast.
90% choosing this view compared to 75% on the West Coast.
These are the International Telephone Poll Survey,
938 people between September 6 and 9.
The poll showed 61% of respondents saying they think of the events at least once a week.
And 16% say they think of the attacks every day.
You think of 9-11 every day or once a week?
Uh, no.
Once in a great while, I might win something on TV, like there was a story about the New York
Skyline.
It was pretty interesting on a discovery or whatever one of those channels a few days ago.
About the big battle between the skyscrapers and how the Chrysler building went up and then
the Empire State Building put up the tower or the antenna, whatever, and all this other stuff.
I thought it felt.
What?
I thought that show.
It was pretty good.
Pretty interesting crap.
I still love the Chrysler building by the way.
It's my favorite.
Pretty.
A full 91% said they believe the US will be attacked again on US soil.
16% said they had personally visited the side of the world.
Transcendor New York to pay tribute to those who died.
What does that mean to pay tribute to those who died?
Well, I don't understand that.
I don't get it.
Well, maybe they poured a 40 out on the line.
No, do you understand what I'm saying?
No, what does that mean to pay tribute?
It's like visiting somebody's grave.
What?
Why?
Why do people do such crap?
To pay tribute?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, I slept in New York.
Why?
I'd have a good time to go out and get some pizza to go.
I have a few good meals to sightseeing and see the things that are still there.
Now, I went to the side of where the world friends center was or could pay tribute to all the dead people.
And I don't get it.
I just, you know what?
It reminds me of it's like the people who go to Europe
and instead of going to some beautiful place like Rome or
Berlin and enjoying the great food and the people, they go on a tour of the concentration camps.
They go to Auschwitz and Dachau and Bergen Balsen.
What?
That's it.
How fun.
Yeah.
Kind of souvenirs do they offer there?
Lamshades.
Look, finger bowler or something.
See, how can you do that era of Russia's Shona?
So you just suckered me into that.
You know what I mean?
I like this pole idea, by the way.
I think this is tomorrow's pole.
With all the respect to Brandon.
By the way, Brandon facts me in the story about that kid that the coach made the
stripped down to his underwear.
Better late than ever.
Thanks, Brandon, but somebody beats you to it.
Hey, listen, they're on top of it, sending me all the good stuff lately.
And that's what we want.
Just like Sigourney Weaver, we want the good stuff, right?
Right.
This pole says, which do you think we'll see as president first?
A woman, African-American, a gay man or woman.
None of them, Neil for president, I don't care about politics.
That's kind of a cute pole.
Neil for president, I'm crossing our minutes, it's stupid.
Whoever sent this in, stop kissing my ass.
Okay, stop, likey, likey, likey.
I'm getting ass burned.
Okay, and it's not even like a bear.
Thank God.
You know those Nazi bastards.
Yes, they are.
They're a real gassed.
771 on the pole.
We're going to have over 800 by the top of the hour.
Each your heart out, you'll find, we're okay.
You liar, you phony, you manipulator, you idiot.
See, it wasn't bad enough that this is the game that's going on.
See, they're two stations that talk about games
while they're playing their own game.
And it's a peeing contest back and forth.
Oh, what was Daniel Bashford coming to QAM
is Neil going all across the street
in the yadda yadda, all this other crap, you know?
I got news for her, I'm going anywhere.
I got the 15 and a half months left.
I'm just, you'll hear it at that point.
Bye-bye.
Oh, but you ought to go over to Syria,
Neil, you ought to go to X-Anne,
you ought to go to hell, you ought to go to the party.
I've already done that.
Very successfully, by the way, in fact, I'm as regular as a big Ben.
I'm as regular as a broken clock twice a day.
You know what I mean?
What word did you say?
Clock.
Okay.
As in a clockwork orange.
So how could that be rated?
What was it on an awful survey like the 70th best movie?
Yeah, 70.
What a memory I got.
What about just suits?
Yeah, what's the suit of intellectuals?
The American Filmin's the two.
They should only croak.
Citizen came my ass.
Jesus.
What is it about?
Because Orson Wells was so fat as that, what it was?
Yeah, because it was so bold and brave
that he was taken on that, uh, what's his name?
Hurst.
Yes.
The word Randolph, whatever's name.
What about Tammy, huh?
Yeah.
And the assembly in these lumber, uh, uh,
lesbian oration army.
The godfather ranked number two,
Casablanca Third, again, another suit of intellectual, you know,
you must remember this.
So chicken cannot kiss, kiss.
Careful.
Raging bull fourth, another piece of crap.
Yeah, but to nearer was in it.
Oh, that, what is that for?
He's been in a lot of bad movies, by the way.
What was the one, uh, good, uh, good, that good spell about the kid?
He was like the shrink.
And there's that goofy kid who's really strange looking
who's in all those movies where he plays a strange looking kid.
Oh, that movie.
I have no idea.
No, you don't know what I'm talking about.
No.
I'm going to Google it during the break.
All right.
I'll tell you.
And then you obviously haven't seen it.
How do you find that like you Google strange looking kid?
No, you Google Robert De Niro and you find out.
Sheppard, no, the good shepherd, my ass.
I'll tell you what, man.
She's shepherd, she always has belly fat.
She's like the five, six, eight, two, a.m.
I'm alive.
We've been in one more time.
Lonely, but can't get to an airport men's room.
Then call one, nine hundred, Larry.
And you feel like you're in the next stall.
I have a fairly wide deck.
I call one, nine hundred, Larry.
Dear boy.
I tend to spread my legs when I lower my pants.
How long before the honky, hypocritical, Larry Craig
satisfies your every need?
Oh, a minute or two at the most.
Oh, he's good.
And how often should you call?
Almost weekly.
We agree.
So, resign yourself to your fantasies and call one, nine hundred, Larry.
Now, man, only no women please.
I don't do those things.
God send.
God send.
That's an even a movie you never saw.
Nope.
Are you lucky?
Oh, good.
I'm going to say it.
Go out and get it.
I guess no.
4.7 out of a million on the IMDB.
Very low.
Anything under 5.3 is considered real garbage.
In fact, the one user comment they put here first,
why not the worst movie I've seen.
It ranks up there.
Instead of God send, it says God awful.
The plot was very thin, but a beep bit a boop bit a bump.
And the music would crescendo like something big was going to happen
and it never did.
And what's his name was in it?
Robert Denero.
Like I said, he's been in a lot of really bad movies.
And Raging Bull was one of them.
Yes.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
The other everybody, all the critics,
well, the critics are a bunch of super intellectual idiots.
Yes.
Who else was in it?
Rebecca Romain.
Romain used to be a...
What?
Romain.
Rebecca Romain.
Who used to be Rebecca Romain's stamos?
Greg Kinneer.
Cameron not so bright.
And a bunch of people nobody ever heard of.
It's awful.
And the little kid, now who plays the little kid?
Oh, that's Adam.
Or the Canadian release of the movie it's just called Adam.
Instead of God send, they don't want to lie.
Cameron Bright, that's the kid that plays in the two or three of those strange movies.
There's the one where he supposedly reincarnated is the chick's husband.
Remember that?
He pretends to be the husband from another life.
That's right.
Yeah, that's the same kid.
Very weird looking and very eerie.
Here's the facts.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, look at them.
A Paul Goe, a drop dead Greg and Port St. Lucie.
Diawikid death.
I'm a Paul.
You know what?
I'm a Paul that you don't get the message that you don't go the F away.
That's what I'm a Paul that, okay?
You and your little boyfriend Andy from Hollywood or from Ami Beach
or wherever he's hanging out these days.
You should both croak a wicked horrible bloody death.
How do you like that?
I mean, it's not just a question not getting the message.
It's just a question of being a mentally, uh, having...
Well, speaking of having a mental problem,
Tom Jicke takes a nice shot and deservedly so by the way,
a QAM yesterday on his blog and thanks to the, uh,
spy report on our Myspace.
Tom writes, the following news release from WQA
in Maraud Rodney minutes ago, note the date line.
Miami floor, the September 10th,
sports radio 560 today announced that Joe Rose and Jason Sachs
have teamed up to form WQA's new morning show,
The Big Dog and Jax, which here's weekdays from 70 until 10 am.
News must travel slowly around the hallways at your dolphins station, Tom,
says the show premiered last week.
Now is that a shot or what?
Sounds like it.
Finally get a mention from Little Tommy Jicke there,
bald-headed Tommy, who's bald and stupid,
but he's got his thumb right on and here, man.
He's got his thumb deep in Joe Bell.
That's a good one.
No question about that.
But news must travel slowly around the hallways at your dolphin station,
the show premiered last week and yesterday they put out a release
that Joe Rose and Jason Sachs have teamed up to form
the new morning show, All Spots Radio.
Spot after spot after spot after spot after spot after spot after spot after spot
if spot if we had spot the dog baby at least his barking would be a welcome
interruption.
In the middle of every spot set.
Not a stop set, a spot set.
Wow.
Here at Delusional by the way, Joe, let me say it again in case anybody missed a
Joe Fineberg over Cross Street at the ticket.
He is delusional and full of crap and a liar.
Oh, Niels begging me to hire him.
Right, you should live so long.
Schmuck, Schmendrick, Schmural, Chiang Ankel.
794 on the pool, now that Niel has killed the calls and you know something?
Now yesterday, did we need the calls between you and two?
No, I didn't miss them.
I missed them like somebody would miss a six hundred ton tumor on their ass.
That's how much I missed the calls, okay?
They should be right there with Greg and the Andy.
They should rot in hell, a wicked bloody horrendous death.
They should gag and choke on their phones, especially certain ones of these,
but most of them when it came right out of it.
Now that Niel has Schmitt canned the calls, which chronic collar will you miss the most?
794, we're getting close to 800.
We'll have over 800 by a top of the hour, whatever that means.
You know what it means, Chris?
Was it nothing?
I hate them all.
46% are 45% excuse me, I'm getting carried away.
358.
But far and away killing everybody else in a glanslide.
358.
Andy 83.
Reverend Jones is a voting several times for himself.
No question about that.
You want to know why?
You're gay.
Yeah.
He's got the 76.
Gilbert 75.
There's the battle right there.
That's a good battle, by the way.
I think there's a lot of similarities.
Jamba is moving up.
He's got 72.
Jamba?
Joel Feinberg's got 33.
They miss him badly after just two calls on the show.
Believe me, two too many.
Go away, Joel.
Don't darken my door ever again.
Don't come anywhere near here.
Don't call.
Don't and George especially wants to, you know,
obviously he's got your cell phone and we'll be stalking you.
Didn't you feel stalked the way he kept like sending you those text messages?
Sure.
Good.
Good.
The, what did I do to you guy 18 who called yesterday but who's really boring?
A pro-Zachron.
16.
In fact, every now and then because a lot of people will miss that.
We should just interject well like that so they know what show they're listening to.
A.
Pro-Zachron 16, the Jesus Christ guy 16,
who I think had more of a fixation on you than they did on me.
I don't really got all that much input from Jesus.
Blind Mike 15.
My, my, my, how about some jingles?
The, you're, um, mailing it in guy.
Trab your mailing it in the, you're mailing it in the UNDFO.
You're mailing it in.
Hope depots got a lot of stamps.
25 cents slot guy 7.
The S&P guy 6.
The guy with the eyes 5 who wants to a lopid shron and David Cassidy.
He wants to be the middle man.
He wants to be the meat and the sandwich.
And the Yovon guy has got 3.
He voted for himself on more time.
Out of 700 and out of 800 and 3 votes.
And they had a nice little chuck there.
Do you see that?
If that would happen at the end of the show,
it would have been like a real, you know, something,
a real sticky feather in your armpit.
Cliff Shactor on this murkingshimp rights.
Poor Rudy Giuliani.
It must hurt deep down in the gut where Republicans make all of the decisions
mind you that our video detailing Rudy G's exploitation 9.11
is knocking on the door of 200,000 views in four days.
While Rudy's website stuck it in only 124,000 viewers during the old and time out to July.
Could this be why they're falsely calling us conspiracy theorists when we have never
once advocated that position, Ray 9.11.
But simply state the obvious fact that Rudy Giuliani put his command center in the place,
most likely to be attacked because it suited him more personally.
And if you don't believe us, watch our video as Giuliani claims his director of emergency
management Jerry Howard recommended that location which both Howard himself
and the written director he gave Giuliani prove it simply a bald-faced lie by America's so-called
mayor. By the so-called America's mayor. By Bob Mayor.
Is he still on by the way? They still have him on that high chair.
Are you sitting on telephone books?
You don't know?
I know it. A little Bob Mayor on channel 4. He'll be the next one they screw over there,
just like they did to poor Bob Weaver, Rest in Peace. What a good guy he was.
Just like Rich Ross said, Bob Weaver was one of the good people.
And they screwed him badly. I hope that channel 4, your transmitter falls down on the ground, okay?
The only person we like over there is so-per-still on the air they take him off too. They screw him.
I still see it. Yeah, every once in a while.
I'm surprised because I think about that.
A little Brian's in charge of the weather core over there channel 4.
Unless you're gay, you don't have a chance. So I guess super maybe you know,
find a gave-in one time.
It says then unbelievably,
Julianne charges B&F with cashing in when Rudy has made $60 million off the debts of 3000 Americans.
While we distributed a video about his profit from French in the operation for free and didn't make a dime.
Nice try, Rudy, but save your lives with the GOP debates where people may actually believe them.
Excellent. Nice going cliff.
Telling it like it is. America's mayor, my fat ass.
He's got as much credibility as Joe Bell and Joel Feinberg.
The two of them.
Trubb and Dread.
By the way, happy new year.
812 votes. Why do we- why do we do that?
Do we do happy Ramadan?
Do we do happy Chinese home?
Why not?
I don't know.
Because we got some Jews out there listening.
Not like we used to.
I think we better do one of those polls soon too.
You know, like the one we did yesterday.
The survey.
You don't find those interesting?
I do, actually.
Do you?
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow instead of the real good one here about
who do you think will be present first?
I mean, we got plenty of time for that.
It's only the September 11th.
Oh, don't say that.
It's only 911.
So we got over a year before the election.
We got like 14 months for Christ's sake.
What's the big rush, you know?
812 votes and 44 and a half percent, 362 say,
I hate them all.
All of you regulars, all of you people.
And those people are thinking themselves,
well, we sure screwed them up.
No, you didn't.
What you did was a real favor.
Thank you very much for doing me a big favor,
bringing me back to my senses.
You know, because I knew a long time ago that that whole aspect of what I do was,
it was over.
You have to know when and that part of your left thing is over, yeah?
I mean, yeah, it is.
When your thing is over, it's over.
Believe me, my thing.
It's pretty much over.
1055 at 560 WQAM.
Home of lots of spots, baby.
We do not have many listeners anymore,
but one thing about fat ass jolly joe bell.
He's brought in the spots by the drows.
We got spots up the old...
Right.
...you betcha, baby, up the shoot.
Some of them are like liver spots, too.
That's because we got so many old Jews on the ear.
Here we have liver spots up the...
Right, don't you?
...which is a sign of real bad old age.
And probably like colon problems, too.
Wouldn't you think?
Mm-hmm.
This is the Neal Roger show.
No, no, no, no!
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
This is Softball with Chris Matthews.
What is Canada to be president in 2008?
But are they qualified?
I'm Chris Matthews, let's play Softball.
Hello, it's Clint and welcome to Softball.
I'm going to ask you a question.
Everybody else is afraid to ask Senator puppies.
Are they cute?
Chris, I love puppies.
I'm going to hold you to that.
Ruining jolly auntie, you are mayor of New York on 9-11.
Pizza. Is it delicious?
Well, Chris, it depends on the topping.
Sometimes you get a question of challenges of pizza and delicious.
Of course, yes, it's delicious.
I'm going to close you and I'm fighting Barack Obama.
It joins us via Sally.
Senator Obama, do you love your mother?
Absolutely, Chris.
I think everyone loves his or her mother.
Keep it a month, it's a softball.
I did it right.
Fred Thompson will give us his state on a small French baked chocolate chip cookie.
I'm Chris Matthews, you want some softball?
Oh, that is so dead on, man.
Where's the Brits say spot on?
That's it.
That's him.
They do say with the speech defect and everything else.
Trostin.
You know, it's the bigger the speech defect, the bigger you're at like Tom Volca,
and Boba Wall-Wall, who's on the view, she can't say it, but she's on it.
And of course, Chris Matthews, who talks politics.
He can't say that either, but he talks about it on softballs.
821 on that survey, it told him we'd be over 800 by 11 o'clock.
How do you like that, Chris, huh?
Yeah, all right.
Big deal.
We'll be all right.
You want me to be real, you don't have to worry about ever taking any calls.
I am a static.
Well, there you go.
I walk in here, I look at the phone pot, and I just smile.
Yeah, screw them.
I don't think you've taken our phone away.
Yeah, right.
Like you had something to say.
Well, what was the last color I had something to say on the show?
Remember that?
Can you remember that far back?
I'm trying to think.
I can't be an old fart like I am.
I can't remember that.
Far back.
Doug Thompson's got something to say here, though.
The war against terror is over.
We lost.
He said, today, sixth anniversary of the terrorist attacks in September 11, 2001,
we'll unfortunately turn into a glove of self-serving reasons to use the tragic events
for political, philosophical, or personal advantage.
Candidates for president will talk endlessly about how they could have handled better the events that cost more than
3,000 Americans their lives on a devastating day.
Conservatives will claim the attacks prove we must never, ever lit up on the so-called war on terror,
while liberals will say the war on terror is overblown, and we need to remember not dwell on 9-11.
Conspiracy theorists will try to out their tired claims of government involvement in the attacks,
some even claiming the Bush administration planned the whole thing to justify the war in the Middle East.
Absolutely.
And quick buck artists will release more commemorative edition coins for collectors to one of the memory of those who died.
But lost in the Sea of Redaric will be the sand fact that Osama Yamama bin Laden has crazed fanatics,
achieved exactly what they hoped on the day six years ago.
Osama and his buddies wanted to destroy the American way of life, and they succeeded.
Six years after the attacks, America is a paranoid, corrupt, rotting shell of itself,
a country divided by political extremes, economically devastated by a war based on lies.
Gone are the freedoms we used to cherish and take for granted, buried not under the rubble of the twin towers of the World Trade Center,
but by a callous presidential administration that considers the Constitution an outdated document,
an individual rights-aid disposable commodity.
The Department of Homeland Security created in the aftermath of 9-11,
and now the largest federal bureaucracy in history decides who can or cannot board a commercial airliner in this country,
who can or cannot obtain a passport, and who can or cannot even criticize their government.
In a nondescript building on Fairfax Avenue in Arlington, Virginia,
a joint government computer developed by the Defense Advanced Research Products Agency, DARPA,
monitors everyday financial transactions and tracks day-to-day travel of millions of Americans,
either fits a predetermined profile, an investigative file,
if either fits a predetermined profile, and an investigative file is open on those Americans.
FBI agents are armed with thousands of national security orders,
swooping on banks, employers, and Internet service providers,
to secretly obtain records on Americans, a federal judge recently found such tactics unconstitutional,
but stayed in order to ban the practice so the government can appeal.
On street corners in many large cities, cameras scan the faces of people just going about their business,
and feed the images into facial recognition software programs looking for those suspected of terrorist involvement.
Americans who fall into the web of suspected involvement are grabbed off the streets
and the worst way to secret detention centers out of the country,
where enhanced interrogation techniques are used to try to obtain confessions.
Most of this increased anti-terrorism activity stems from the USA Patriot Act,
a rights-roving piece of legislative overreaction passed by a shelf-shot Congress in the aftermath of 9-11.
Most members of the House and Senate admit to this day they didn't even read the Act before voting for it,
and still don't know what's in law even though they voted to reauthorize it last year.
The America that pauses today to remember the attacks of 9-11 is a far cry from the America that woke up on that morning.
America today is fearful, paranoid, anxious, fading, and dangerous.
Sounds like us.
Fearful, paranoid, anxious, fading, and dangerous.
Be afraid.
I don't know how dangerous.
President Bushar used that the drastic steps taken by the administration were necessary to make America safer place.
He's wrong.
America is not a safer place today.
A nation robbed of its freedoms can never be safe.
An nation that distrust its own government is not safe.
America can never be safe as long as its people face a far greater threat from its own government
than it ever faced from Osama bin Laden and his band of thugs.
When you pause Tuesday, remember 9-11, say a prayer for those who died on the terrible day.
Then say another prayer for America, a once-grade nation failed not by Islamic terrorists,
but by the combined forces of governmental, political, and philosophical extremists.
You know, a Doug guy, there are a couple of his columns I didn't read.
I don't even know if I put them on our website because he's starting to get, it was getting a little wimpy there for a couple days.
I thought they got to him.
Yeah.
I thought they were doing like the, you know, the German shepherd, water treatment, the whole routine on him.
I thought they had tied up in a corner somewhere.
And then all of a sudden, when you least expected, he's back here today with a brilliant piece like that spot on, baby.
Doug Thompson, camp on the Hill Blue, Georgia's very favorite website.
Yep.
Next, of course, to NeilRargers.com, where we have 830 votes on our poll and 45.1% say they hate all of the chronic colors on that list, like poison, like arsenic without the oil lays.
Oh, there you go.
So bomb for it, round thread of forces evacuation of a hospital in St. Petersburg, Florida.
It's a hospital while this building, all the buildings that have been damaged.
But it was a search. There are some 30 buildings there.
And now we understand some of the buildings on the outside around the main hospital have been given the all clear.
Well, thank God for that.
Looks like the people are really very concerned.
Not. They're just kind of like wandering around.
Picking their nose like they, you know, they tend to do that a lot on the West Coast.
If you don't stand, I have.
They picked their nose a lot, especially like in loops in Temple Terrace and clear water and in Tampa.
835 votes on that poll. See, there's more numbers. That's just for the guy.
You're mailing it in guy. You're mailing it in. They all too many numbers.
All we hear from you is numbers.
Wait until you hear this.
This will make your knee cap burst.
A federal appeals court today will consider with a notorious wardrobe malfunction that Baird Singer Janet Jackson's boobie during a televised 2004 Super Bowl halftime show was indecent or merely a fleeting and accidental glitch.
That shouldn't be punished.
Hmm.
On the anniversary of 9-11, it's breast panic.
The case is the second recent test of a breast and the federal government's powers to regulate broadcast indecency.
Last June, a federal appeals court in New York invalidated the government's policy on fleeting profanities uttered over the airwaves.
Like gosh dang, stuff like that.
Damn it. Jesus Christ, stuff like that.
Crap.
Today, the third circuit court of appeals in Philadelphia will hear arguments about the February 1st, 2004 halftime show when 90 million Americans watched Singer Justin Tinkerbell pull off part of Janet Jackson's boost the A, briefly exposing one of her boobies.
The episode was later explained as a problem with her costume.
The FCC finds CBS court 550 grand. CBS challenged the fine claiming fleeting isolated around intended image.
You should automatically be considered indecent.
Oh, but it was a breast.
The agency noted as long held that even relatively fleeting references may be found indecent or other factors contribute to a finding of patent defensiveness.
Nobody wants to see a breast disgusting.
The case is being argued at a time when the FCC's enforcement regime regarding broadcast indecencies in a state of flux.
The government is considering whether the secretary profanity case of the Supreme Court at the same time Congress is working on a legislative remedy.
The US second court of appeals rejected by two to one vote the agency's policies and indecence speech and another case the case involved two hearings of the Billboard Music Awards in which exploatives were broadcast over the airwaves.
The court rejected the FCC's policy as procedural grounds but was skeptical that the commission can provide a reasoned explanation for its fleeting exploitive regime that would pass constitutional muster.
Pass the muster and don't make it that ghoul in Zener, okay?
Give me the fronches, baby. Your old fashioned fronches. I don't want that great poop on.
I got two pots in here. I try to go poop on.
The US officer, the solicitor general which argues cases on behalf of federal agencies, asks for a 30-day extension to decide whether it will appeal that case to the US Supreme Court.
Meanwhile in July, the US Senate Commerce Science and Transportation Committee approved the Protecting Children from a Decent Programming Act, sponsored by Senators J. Rockefeller and Mark Prior, Democrats of West Virginia Arkansas.
The act would require the FCC to maintain a policy that a single-word or image may be considered a considered indecent.
How do you like that? A single-word or image may be considered indecent like maybe a cheek, you know, like an ass cheek or an ass cheek.
Oh, that's a sound though. It's not a word. Is it a word? Only enjoy this world. Is it a word?
Such a law would neatly encompass both suits but if passed it would not be retroactive. The A.C.I.U. said the bill could have serious and damaging effects on the First Amendment.
A companion bill said to be in the works on the House side. With Congress occupied in Iraq and other pressing issues it's hard to say whether the bill will become law but it has bipartisan support and Congress has been eager to pass tough broadcast and decency laws in the past.
It's the goody too, she was grabbed maybe. Don't say crap. Now the Vice President can tell Pat Leahy to go F.M.S. Self and the Hall of Congress that's okay. Right.
It says regardless in decency enforcement at the agency is in a holding pattern the FCC hasn't proposed to find since March of 2006. How do you like that?
There are still hundreds of thousands of indecency complaints languishing at the FCC said that is that director of corporate and governmental affairs for anti-decency crusaderly parents television counsel a bunch of anxious right wing lunatics have ever heard a one.
A great deal of them have nothing to do with feeding profanity as it stands the FCC must look to its previous standard on unsavory language which requires context to be considered the word must be a description of sexual extrovertory activities to bring a fine a description not just a sound like that or like that right despite the lack of action at the FCC television program or say they're being cautious.
And PBS has said there are two versions of Ken Burns W.W.2 documentary this fall one with profanities and one without and by the way there were five endings to that awful movie with the deniero godsend and the real what I read there they picked the worst one well I couldn't have been the other four had to be better no matter what they were effective was just an early finish like okay we ran out of ideas were shutness baby down like that that would have been improvement horrible movie.
The nearer he's one of those guys you know I highly overrated my opinion what would name me a great movie he was in besides got father to good fellas yeah over there the nice coach over there I like that he doesn't have a great deal of range but he's good as as that as that being Robert and Aaron sure.
As being like the young Don Coyleoni heat he was good in that sometimes he's good in the movie that isn't so great yeah I'm not saying that actor but I'm thinking he's like overrated I mean compare his done.
How could we forget the one I was great that was very good that was probably his best I would say sure and that was 100 years ago yeah you talking to me yeah I am actually well stop it.
837 votes on the near Rogers Polar and the O Rogers dot com Tuesday 9 11 I mean I can get all emotional and you know we can you know you couldn't but why would I want to do that you couldn't you could not about 9 11 you can't even say you know my own life I'm talking about that yeah
I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about that I'm not talking about
that I'm not talking about my parents.' I been to no one but mine coming of time and doctor when I was
a year ago or two months ago waterfall over time smaller than just talking about my parents. I just I just I just I just I onto. But my dad's my dad was really busy?
Yeah, that's it
My dad's no supposed all right this baby on these rainy days. Oh it really
We call that the axes of evil.
Here's your funny axe collector.
Hey, y'all, you know what you're doing here.
He ain't right.
Why's that?
It's time for us to do it sport.
Well in point, I'll tell you what, how long
did you join me inside for some Jesus' juice?
Oh, I'll show you by clown paintings.
I never knew that he owned an axe. Maybe that's why he's such an axe hole.
That's 2017 at the FAT SLA Joe. A lot of 17 at 5.60 WDQAM on your non-sports show on the island.
Here we are on the island. You know I work in Sarasota. We are out on City Island and WSBV. Beautiful spot.
Looking Sarasota Bay out the window. Peaceful, lovely. I'm looking out the window here. I see buildings. You know I see grey, murky. It's not like a beautiful day.
Is it a beautiful day where you're sitting? No. I mean I don't know what it looks like out there at the moment.
But why not? Hot. I can tell you that. I've been in that studio. I've seen all the windows. Hot.
Sean and Miami says, please play several times today. The bit where Kondi has to say the name of PDB.
Been long to determine to attack in the U.S. Real tribute to her leadership. What does that mean? I don't know.
The presidential daily briefing. Please play the bit where she has to say that. Sean and Miami, like we know what the hell he's talking about.
He's got to rush him cloud and she's like, I don't know what that is. That's not it. Let's play the other one.
Let's get back on the on the airline. That ain't it.
Kondi leaves a rice or try to broker a cheese fire to bring an end to two weeks of fighting.
It's filled over 170 by the least. Almost 40 is really.
That ain't it. Kondi is so right.
Now, oh I do like that one.
Kondi leaves a rice. America's newest fashion trend setter has a brand new magazine for today's Sultry single cabinet member.
It's Kondi Paulettan, the sexi-terriot state. Great.
No. This is the same.
The sexi-terriot state. Kondi leaves a rice is just back from a diplomatic visit to Canada.
Somehow this trip conjured up talk of a romantic nature relations between Canada and the US.
Oh yeah. Kondi and Stephen Harper are max made in a purgatory baby. A perfect match. Two knit wits.
849 votes on our poll by the way. Not too bad. And they hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
They hate you. They hate you. They hate you.
Oh, I had a big day yesterday. I had a big day.
Of course, some people every day is a big day.
Not that big, but you know what I mean?
Sorry, Humper. Don't be picking on the Humper now like what's his name was yesterday.
Jola and his last call ever on the show.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's whining and dining with Fattas Jolly Jobelle.
Somebody must be because Jolly Jobelle to keep that girth on his ass.
He's got to be eating a lot of meals and probably many of them free, you know.
When you think? I like it.
In this business that we've chosen.
This is the life we have chosen.
Speaking of gambling and sloths, what a segue.
Boy, I sure fell into a bucket of sloth this time.
In a move that could jeopardize the state gambling agreement with these seminal travel Florida.
State House leaders yesterday about the kill any deal that allows Vegas-style table games at the tribe seven casinos.
This reminds me of another call that I never wanted to hear from in the first place.
That's that old fart that kept calling in about these with the Indians and the...
Oh my God. Well, if we want to know the update, we have to call Neil. We have to listen to Neil.
You know the guy I'm talking about?
Yep.
Oh boy.
He made Methusa look like a teenager.
In the letter to Governor Charlie Gaye,
Christ, House Speaker Marco Rubio rejected the idea of allowing new forms of gambling and using profits to help dig the set over its current budget crunch.
Christ's office has been negotiating with the tribe over the past four months.
The seminals have offered the state $50 million up front and a minimum of 100 million a year in exchange for the right to have Vegas-style slot machines as well as Blackjack and Bacarot,
which has to call Bacarot.
See, that's Bacarot.
That's right.
Oh, we just did Bacarot.
I have no idea what Bacarot.
I don't know. Nothing about the table games.
You just sit there and play those stupid slot machines and the oil, you're... yeah, that's right.
Stupid. That's what I am stupid.
In fact, I'm so stupid that I won 1,300 out of one machine yesterday and I saw the machine two away from me,
was starting to give some really good spins, $251.50.
And as soon as this a Chinese lady got off there, I flew over to there.
I hit 200 online and 500 on the wheel, 700 bucks and ran out.
Ran out of money and ran out.
Ran out the door.
Sport and Hollywood.
Who also sent me another stupid email this morning on MySpace.
I think it's time to consider Schmittkin and that thing, the regular site you know on MySpace.
All the way up about 1,500 members on there.
They just don't care about me no more.
That's all I understand. I don't take it personal.
I got my close personal friends on the other side there who are still in touch.
We're still working desperately to keep me fairly rational.
Good.
Christoff has been negotiating with the Seminole over the past four months because of our opposition to the expansion of gambling.
We believe that the pursuit of increased revenue for the state should be of secondary importance
and Florida's negotiation with the tribes had let us sign by Rubio, Republican and West Miami.
House Speaker Pro Temporer Marty Bowen, Republican and West Winnerhaven, no relation to Joe Bowen.
House Speaker Designate Ray Sanson, Republican and Dustin.
Counsel Chair Dean Cannon, Republican and Winter Park.
And Majority Leader Adam Hasdair, Republican and Boca.
And Majority Whip, Ellen Bogdendoff, Republican and Forlorn.
I hope they all wind up in the tea room including Ellen.
Playing footsie.
All these goody-touches Republicans, baby, we sure don't want their expansion of gambling.
It's evil and the world's gone.
And you know since we got these one-armed bandits in Florida, how long has it been now?
I don't know how many months.
Nobody even talks about it.
You know, this is the occasional article like this one here.
It says if the state doesn't act soon, the U.S. Department of Interior is wearing Chris that it can step in and let the tribe have traditional slot machines, Mon.
Under that scenario, the state would get no revenue, but the semifinals would get no table games.
There are different legal opinions on what the legislature has to ratify the final agreement known as a compact, but House and Senate leaders are adamant they must have a say with some lawmakers threatening a lawsuit of Chris sanctions a compact without their approval.
You know what they're going to say to him?
You're fairly handsome.
That's right. I wouldn't be the first time either.
I don't think the governor wants to get into a spinning match over this at Senate Democratic leaders Steve Geller, Democratic Cooper City.
Senate leaders have deferred comments on these specifics of the current negotiations, but House leaders made it clear yesterday that they're willing to let the semifinals operate only the same type of slot machines now offered the premier mutuals in Broward.
The premier mutuals in Broward.
Excuse me.
For us money is not a never-will-be the primary consideration, rather we believe the end of the negotiations should be to agree to the bare minimum mom would have gambled to which the tribe has entered under the law they wrote to Chris.
The bare minimum.
Very Richard and attorney for the seminal said the state could read billions from the Indian casinos over the next two decades, but the total would depend on what games are allowed.
You know, games people play.
There are various scenarios that we turn far and excessive $100 million a year over the life of the contract, Richard said.
The amount of money that goes to the state changes based on what's in the compact.
Christoph has previously said the money could outfought, said a $1.1 billion budget deficit prompted by that housing slump and cooling of the state's economy, asked yesterday how much to stay my get Christ replied.
But third man.
He said the more the merrier I don't know what will be, the more the merrier which sounds like gay to me, right?
Right.
We are our wives and that Mary is like gay.
He said it's his preference to work with legislators, although there's a mixed view on whether it's really essential for legislators to identify final agreement.
However, courts in five other states have already ruled that the respected governors need legislative approval of gambling compacts with local tribes.
I'm a member of the tribal.
What do I get?
Nothing.
I don't think a loss it'll be necessary because I want their partnership, Chris, said empathizing that nothing's been finalized.
Yes.
I wonder if he knows Barney Fag.
I'm not sure we're going to have a compact.
I don't feel compelled to.
I don't feel we have to do what he said.
I want to do it if it's good for Florida.
We're trying to get the best opportunity for the taxpayers of our state and he said the best thing for the state of Florida is to have a governor who is gay.
Representatives from the state and the stimulus are scheduled to meet with federal authorities today to give them an update on how talks they're progressing.
Both sides have indicated they could reach an agreement by next week.
But I'll be put a boot put about.
And I know who we ought to put in charge of all that to negotiation with the engines, don't you?
Depeau, baby.
Depeau, baby.
He's a man.
Best out.
He's not right.
Hey Rocky.
Watch me grow a hole in the ozone.
Again.
This is up my sleeve.
Presto.
Oh.
Oh, we're collecting.
It could be worse.
It could be about the other end.
I'm talking about an inconvenient truth.
Do you know what happened...?
That sensation is so bad
All of God's children
In God's category
Now you do better take up
Interbeing and sleep
Don't feel very good in life
Most definitely
They're horny, very poor
So they pray for
Resilience and say shout
Don't forget folks life is a big party
Let's get dropped, let's get stolen
Let's just get out of control
Can I start now?
Sure, I'll see you
I'm thinking I'm going to have that put in the remainder of my contract
What's that?
I'm looking at it and I'm going to throw it
No, that I can just get up and walk out whenever I feel like it
You know what I'm going to do?
That was in the show
865 tallies on the vote about the chronic collars
Which you won't hear anymore what I'm doing to show
Because there aren't going to be any
Can't complain about the cause and issue because there aren't any
What a what a I'm so glad
Thank you so much by the way you idiots
You know and not that they didn't intentionally
Whether the idea of doing anything positive
But just by osmosis just by being there
They made me think this is swill
Not swell swill
865 votes and 390 of them
45% of the heat all the chronic collars
All of them
You're like this story from Catman Do
Officials at Nepal State Run Air Line have sacrificed two votes
To appease Akash Barab, Akshayraab
What? Just two?
Akash Barab, the Hindu skyguard following technical problems with a lot of its Boeing
757 aircraft the aircraft they are curious to say today
Nepal Airlines which has two Boeing aircraft has had to suspend some services in the recent weeks
Due to the problem the goats were sacrificed in front of the travel Samaritcraft Sunday
And Nepal's only international airport in Catman Do
And according to Hindu traditions and officials said
Well that's what I always wanted to go was Catman Do
What can Catman Do?
Not
The snag in the plane has now been fixed and the aircraft has resumed its flights
Said Raju K.C
With or without a sunshine ban a senior airline official without explaining what the problem had been
Local media last week claimed the company didn't want to be the scapegoat
Local media last week claimed the company's rose on electrical fault
They carry on international flights in 5 to 5 cities in Asia
You know some of those plane crashes like in those 10th world countries all the time?
It's common in Nepal the sacrifice animals like goats and buffaloes
To appease different Hindu deities
Oh God
We have to appease the deities baby
Then why do we have to appease them?
What do they pissed off about?
You know all the goats?
Oh you know they're perfect but they're always pissed off
Perfect idiots
866 just like tomorrow is it now do we figure out is it sundowns and I don't know tomorrow?
Oh Shashan, you should know the rules if it says tomorrow on the calendar that means it starts at sundown
Because that's what tomorrow should know the rules
Because you're not Jewish, sir
You know MOT you should know that tomorrow starts at sundown
Tomorrow starts at sundown?
Doesn't it?
For example, Shabin starts at Friday sunset
Yeah well we know that well then
Don't start playing Mr. Professional Jew
Why?
He's a mission with a wrong guy
That's what I started telling you
You're the second second
No
I don't know
I don't care
I don't know and I don't care okay?
Well you know that tomorrow starts at sundowns
It's all a bunch of bubble mice these days, it's a bunch of fairy tales
Bubble by the way is grandma, so fairy tale bubble mice these means like old wives tales
For all you going out there and don't get it, no you do that
I do that because parents don't teach you the good stuff
I bought a book
Yeah but you did
You need a book
The good book
Oh and it's a book that you sent me by the way the guy that called in about this book
He's just a pump in the book
Okay
This is a Goldman guy
It's first of all it's fiction
It's a fiction-wise story about something evidently
It supposedly happened in WW2
It has nothing to do with anything
Why didn't I want to buy the look of it rush right out in mail it to you remember?
Good
Good point
No mail it to rush
871 votes on that poll
We're just hoping to get our thousand in there which we will
We're actually doing I think better today on this poll than we did yesterday on the survey
Well I like that title of surveys you know
They want something new and different something spiffy
Senator Larry Craig of Idaho wants something new and spiffy
Initially pleaded guilty to the certainly conduct because he was under stress from a newspaper investigation
And it claims that he's gay according to court papers filed yesterday
Gay
Craig was strongly denied that he is gay filed papers yesterday to withdraw his guilty play
After his due to arrest at a restroom a tearome at the Minneapolis St. Paul International Airport
He was doing the old tiptoe shuffle in the tearome, alleged
According to papers filed in the head of the county minister of district court
Senator Craig was in the state of intense anxiety following his arrest and felt compelled to grasp the lifeline offered him by the police officer
He said will you please grasp my lifeline?
And he said oh yes please
The senator pleaded guilty and hopes the matter would not be made public the court documents
The arrest combined with Craig's interview with the Idaho State's been sparked a lawmaker to panic
That the newspaper would use the restroom and sit into bolster its allegations that he is gay
Yeah
Patrick Hogan of the Metropolitan Airports Commission said the prosecutor will oppose Craig's motion
According to the Associated Press the commission runs the airport and handled the prosecution of the case
I guess they figure he's kind of like tiptoeing around the edges of this
We do feel we have a strong case he's already made his play and has been accepted by the court
Hogan told the AP from our standpoint this is already a done deal
Mr. Craig was arrested signed a guilty plea and from our standpoint the case is over it's a done deal
Earlier yesterday Craig's attorney Billy Martin
Told CNN that the senator had just undergone a tremendous interview with the Idaho State's been where he was under investigation for being gay
They were walking around Washington and other cities with photographs at gay bars that were embarrassing him
Lot of straight guys go into gay bars and then pick up guys and go home and diddle you know
Martin said Craig pleaded guilty after suffering pressure and stress from the states of an interview
And was panicked from what this could do
Craig wasn't clearly thinking and waived his constitutional rights and were asking that be reversed Martin said
Martin said the lawmaker's plea was not knowing and intelligent was not knowing and intelligent
And therefore was in violation of his constitutional rights when arrested that makes notes does that sentence making sense to you
We think the laws on the senator's side we hope that the ruling will be reversed Martin said
Martin told CNN that Craig wishes he had sought legal counsel between his dual level of the rest and all you say is guilty plea
Craig 62 announced he would resign in September 30th but told Senate leaders last week that he'd remain in office
If he's able to get the guilty plea overturn he's leaving he's not leaving their leave already
In a CNN opinion research corporation poll 67% of those surveys said Craig ought to resign and off already
Good old get lost by sundown tomorrow
I have to google and find out when officially is a new year
Maybe that's the reason that we're having such difficult getting the overwhelming response that we were named from our 10 Jewish share listeners out there
We like to factor the occasion I say hubbim and dread and things like that and talk about for a bit of a going
The only problem is that young Jews today they don't know their yet. Even George knows more. Even Chris probably knows more
I'm practically fluent. Yeah I don't know anything.
Just think that it would be and probably ain't eating like too much deli either which is good you won't be doing a lot of like nodding all the time
I could see like a lot of post nasal drip. I could tell you about my uncle. Hi. Hi.
He used to
I'm kind of like high and raw in the bad father too remember that
No, don't you remember he kept the other maybe that's something with people named hi that could be it
Hi, hi anyway, he was a good guy, but he's dead my mother forgot to tell me that he died several years ago
By the way one day I asked her how's the high doing oh he's dead
Every like you're asking me how's your mom doing my sin? Oh well, she's still dead. Yeah like that. That was her you know great sense of humor
Fuck it in and hold it
I don't know why I keep gaining weight a recent study shows that obesity can be caused by a virus really
Like catching a cold and that's why there's a new back will back will back will kill the virus that causes obesity
So you don't have to do a thing. Wow great that will the meal time snarthing snacking
Munching gorging stuff got double large so you don't have to exercise medicine oh
Excuse me. I was reading about crystal meth
What about it?
Independent research. No, no, you can't me. I thought maybe he had a big lab right there in the studio. Oh, yeah
I'm cooking it up right now
88 on the pole by the way there's for the numbers guy. Oh, you do his reading numbers and you're mailing it in I love that guy
He's great
I'll come to your funeral paly be sure let us know when you're gonna die. There's another one of my all-time favorites
Let us know when you're planning to croak me. Oh, I want a guy like going to celebrities funeral
Fred Thompson said yesterday in South Carolina that Osama bin Laden should be granted due process
How do you like that
Speaking to reporters in Greenville Thompson said the leader of alkan needs to be located and killed but
According to the Associated Press the former senator said such a punishment shouldn't be immediately needed out
No, no, no, we've got due process to go through depending on the circumstances
He said I'm not suggesting those things happen simultaneously
We got to find him and then we're gonna like to give him due process which we don't do to like Americans but in his case
Thompson's spokesman didn't immediately reply to a question about what sort of due process the candidate thinks been loud and should get
I'm a campaign trail in Iowa Thompson downplay the importance of capturing bin Laden portraying him as a mere symbol before saying later in the day that he wanted to see the
Terrorist leader caught and killed but his comments yesterday in military and heavy veteran veteran heavy South Carolina are even more puzzling
The prospect of ran anything but swift and final justice to bin Laden is anathema to the GOP
Thompson may have been indicating that he wants to extract information out of bin Laden before killing him
But the words do process or might many in the political words similar language that kind of Howard Dean in trouble in 2003
I still have this old fashioned notion that even with people like Osama who is very likely to be found early
We should do our best not to impassitions of executive power not to pre-judge jury trials being told the Concord monitor is the
Democratic primary heated up and late December that year
Concord that I say Concord excuse me Concord it's Concord Michigan, but it's Concord in New Hampshire
What a crappy state that is you know New Hampshire
You remember there? Nope. No. All right
Dean clarified later that he wanted to see bin Laden killed but the specter of offering a terrorist the sort of legal rights afforded
The U.S. citizen at least in the past was too bit for the former Vermont governor's rivals to pass up
I don't see how we can beat George Bush with statements like that said Dick Abhardt
You don't have to listen to carefully the hear the sound of champagne courts pop in carol's office offer John Kerry
Thompson communication director Todd Harris clarifies that his boss wants to give no more rights to bin Laden than those terrorists detained at Guantanamo enjoy
What Thompson meant here was said is that before we kill him we need to get every single bit of information out of this guy
We possibly can't right claim off human would shape and shot a board of a little bit of
Sticket prize ass in a frying pan
891 on the survey baby. We're gonna be over 900 by the top of the hour and then Joel fiber has a big meeting across the street
They all stood out there on the curb on 441
Panhandling with the what's his name Sean Kenone's fakers there with the orange shirts and they still wearing orange shirts
They changed them up the yellow they're white sometime. Oh
How can they afford all those new shirts they got money honey
I'll never forget the time. I'm driving up there to countyland road on 441
And I pull over to make in the left turn lane to make my turn and here's one of these
Smarmy homeless voice guys and I'm driving you know one of my really nice Corvette which there's no other kind
And I rolled a window down he comes over and I'm certainly not gonna give him any money any system me
Uh, you know experience and I said no, sorry
Which I shouldn't just keep looking ahead, which is what I usually do and he looks at me and says you're driving a car like that
And you don't want to get a spare any money from you got no money from me
And I looked straight out of my said you making the payments on this
Right and he just kind of like shuffled back off to the median
Back to his home the median where you live pal. I live on the median. Where do you work? I work on the median
The busy place you know sure is a lot of newspaper peddlers out there too on the median every now and then everyone
Once a while they get killed, you know, of course being in the median's not a good idea in South Florida
Although I will say this if you think the driving is bad there you ain't seen nothing like here. Whoa
It is bad
I would say the worst place of driving I ever seen outside of Boston was Rome
I've there are no lanes, huh? I've heard tales did there no lanes there
There's no like markings in the streets. They're like I may be somewhere in the highways there might be
I don't remember I also heard the rules are just like suggestions
We're a chaos, you know, just just go wherever you want to go right and do what you want to do like the songs
What I heard do what you want to do like that and they do
But you know they get along everybody's men's amends everybody gets along
It's a miracle you don't see any more crashes, you know
Because then first of all they're all driving. There's real little puddle juffers little teeny tiny ones
I'm talking about the kind you could pick up and put in your back pocket right
You didn't even say the name of the solid under which one you're talking about
You
So that is an end of the song go where you want to go?
Well, that's what I that's what I said you didn't you said do it where you want to go and do what you want to do
Do do who you want to do that's the idea do who you want to do it's only
If only is correct. Oh god 890 sell out there. Are we getting the 900 or what 894?
We're getting like I don't know why keep saying your name in conjunction with the pool
But it's a way of getting you like a little more involved in the show. Now that you're not screening calls anymore
And I'm sure you missed those guys calling in. Oh, that fat ass Chris. He just ain't no Josh quarters, you know, they usually was a Hitler
Faggot
We love George those type of things we love George. Yeah, that's right. We're making the transition now
So you make Thursday things like that. We're making a big transition. Well, what was it Thursday? Why?
When we were just skating on Thursdays before George pulled a hammy
They would threaten to show up on Thursdays
What does that mean? They would threaten to go to the uh for the roller rink and I you know
You know, wouldn't say that they don't have the stones to show up and actually get on the floor. They go there and do what I don't know
Who does me?
Why proposing on me, you know, they're stalkers. They want me. They want to wear my face. Don't like that me. Yeah
Scratch their muscles. I'm in the same place on you, you know
Share my air. Hmm. Maybe blow some air. I'm sure they do that all day long
Yeah, you have a good line for that. No, I'm just
You know, I'm the way I don't know why anything surprises me. I'm just
It shouldn't at this point not at this point not after all the blah
Firstly, not after all almost 10 years in this station. Right. You know
And by the way for those of you who are all are sent to the Joe Rose's back on here congratulations. It's somebody found out
See a good way to make sure that nobody knows besides not doing any promotion would be to name the show something other than
Joe Rose show or Joe Rose and Jason Jackson's show. So it's the big dog and jacks
And why? Well, what is that big dog and jacks?
Not the Joe Rose and Jason Jackson's show or the Joe and anything with Joe, you know Joe mama
You follow what I'm saying? You were saying before the era before the show start
I think you know you got your finger deeply in there. Yeah, you can repeat it. I'd wash it off
But I mean you're you're right
Anything that they do is gonna be bad. It's gonna be done wrong. It's gonna be done in parenthesis way
It's gonna be like it. It sucks. It's gonna fail. That's correct
And if Joyce approves it
General portrays is a testifying that the surge is working that he needs more time. I was seeing him yesterday
And of course, but Congress and the American public are skeptical about his evaluation with a new CBS New York Times full showing
That 57% believe the surge has had either no impact or made things worse and 65% want all of some US trips to remove from Iraq as in by noon
Today would be good. That's six minutes away
ABC News reports also waiting to hear this that a new poll commissioned by ABC and BBC
shows that 65 to 70% of Iraq he said that security conditions are worse since the surge and 45%
I'm an immediate American withdrawal most strikingly and bagged that and even the N bar province
Tom and his area of greatest US success
Attitude to the surge were 100% negative
Not 95% 98 and 2 thirds percent not 99% 100%
Negatory
Baghdad correspondent Laura Logan told CBS news that Iraqis don't feel any safer as a result of the surge and doubt that any reduction in violence will be permanent
Even American soldiers who are trying to make a difference say that the Iraqi commanders they work with are being undercut by their own government
There are no signs that either Shia or Sunni leaders have any interest in a unified secular Iraq
And you want to know why because there are a bunch of religious fanatics and to be sending all these troops in the middle of a civil war between a bunch of religious
fanatic getch keys is like it's murder is what it is murder and bloodshed and chaos and going very very well
There's blood all over the damn place. There's body parts parts parts everywhere you look
897 that means after the break will be over 900 votes as if it means something, you know
Can you imagine back when we had an audience what we could be doing?
I'm gonna what I'm gonna do
Is I'm gonna start looking back during the break and we'll look back at the history here and go back like a couple of years
And see back on this station and this show had a hew mongers. Oh, we used to do those 9 10 11 shares remember those days sure
What kind of numbers we used to get on the pole then they would fear us, you know if we could just turn back the hands of time
Can we do it? Are you gonna work on it?
Get up there on big band turn that turn that big one back
This is pretty quick whenever I shape my ball. I listen to the heal Rogers 12 to 1 hour
You marveled at dancing with the stars you loved skating with the star and now prepared to be a maze
It's twister with the stars
Okay, Joey Patone
left hand on blue
Joey your other left hand
Twister with the stars your favorite flexible celebrities all tangled up in one crazy competition
Heather Mills
Uh
Just when you thought we run out of stupid celebrity reality competitions
We'd drag out the plastic mat and cardboard spinner for twister with a star John oh
Hurley
Looks like the right leg on green was you're undoing ah yes
Unfortunately, I now have a severe
But to be all tossled up with one Paulina porous scuba was well worth it didn't
Don't miss them
On twister with the star a wrap trouble one at 560 WQM. We are over 900 Chris
We got 907 minutes or halfway to heaven with 907 exactly and the bread will be unleavened
I forgot to look up and see about Russia Shoma
Damn it Jewish New Year. Yeah, you're right. You could be doing it yourself
I told you I'm the general manager of this radio station and today is Russia Shoma the Jewish New Year
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths
We brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the New Year
Hey, hey, happy New Year
Hey, hey, that's it go home. Oh, yeah
Yeah, go home or I go to shul and go or go to hell trouble to a QIM
So did you look it up to be figured out as it's sundown? I mean, this is important crap, baby
I already told you what why you want to night. Yeah
I don't know you look at me. I think that I know the rules and you should too and then you know the rules
You yell at me for pretending to be more Jewish than you when I told you that you should know
I don't know because I don't care. I'm looking at the calendar and it says Wednesday
Wednesday starts at sundown tonight
This being Tuesday
You don't need me to tell you. Yeah, I'm looking at that. All right
On Wednesday night on Wednesday night once again George is loud and wrong all right loud and wrong
On Wednesday night September 12th, Jews will begin celebrating one of the most important religious holidays
Russia Shana New Year
I beg your pardon. I blame that calendar
It remembers the creation of the world in Hebrew. Russia Shana means the head of the year
It also is called the Feast of the trumpets
The blowing of the Ramshorn or the shofar they're blowing the shofer
Proclaims Russia Shana and someone's Jewish religious services sundown September 12
March the beginning of the year 5768 in the month of Tishri
Not to be confused with Kushmir as in Kushmir and Tullus
Tishri
Jews use the Ramshorn as a trumpet in biblical time to announce the new moon holidays and war
This year we're using it to announce that the new moon, but the
That's the one what we sure miss her see that was back in the day when we had callers we like you know like her right
Like the thanks for calling me but you know that different era different world
Why does it have its festive side Russia Shana is not one big party. Why I thought life was one big party
That's where I heard at least in Mexico
That's somebody's buying as New Year's commemoration as celebrations of the 731st and at first tend to be
Russia Shana is the time for personal info special and prayer
Baruch atar anoy all the bubble mice is all the time
Jews may also visit graves. It is thought that the prayer you better go visit my mom's grave while it's Russia Shana
tomorrow
You're gonna do it. Yes, in Hollywood. I'm sure I don't have any idea where she is
Wasn't bad enough. I didn't go to the funeral, but I don't even know where she's buried. Oh my god. He's such a rotten son
How can you be a rotten son after somebody is dead?
But you know that there are people who think that right? Sure. How can you be rotten after somebody's own nuts at them?
Yes, screw them. Okay. Yimama. How do you like that? Yimama so soft and hell
It is thought that the prayers are good wishes of the dead can help the living
Oh, the prayers are good wishes of the dead
By wishing each other well and sending cards people at friends know what happened in the past year and what plans lie ahead
Christmas cards and get together is for the similar role for Christians. I don't get any of
Cards from either living people or dead people for Russia Shana
Are there any you're not telling me about I'm sure I get tons of mail?
You know that's another thing about this radio station remember I would think we used to get I mean like a lot of mail
I'm not a not a ton of mail, but you know pretty uh an amount at least look at some books
Yeah, from people who want us to
Push him on the year, right and sell books for them right? So we get
If the first line of the mail doesn't say Neil Rogers it doesn't come to us
If there's something else in the second line says Neil Rogers they just toss it on the desk outside
Well, what does that mean that means there's every day I come in and there's something that says in the Neil Rogers show that's not in our
mail box thing
But I'm not talking about that
I'm talking about like mail from like living and breathing listeners from people out there who care enough to send the river
Why would I get that snail mail when we don't I don't even give me a lot in my space anymore very much except from people
I don't want to hear about it from like
The pressing sport and Hollywood there
With this song to dance give me give me like a uh whole convoluted thing about the pole today and about
He enjoyed people who have something to say and we could put that on it. Well, yeah, I like
Oh
This is the same guy who told me he thought I was running out because I was running out of money from wood buy
Mm-hmm. And he wonder why his mood is uh, I think he said suicidal something like that. Hey, listen. Go on. I stop you
Here's the Seattle Times editorial figure of the American airwaves. I like it
They got their thumb right in there deeply baby when they pull it out. Right. Don't got only nose
The FCC has failed the people in the democratic system. It's supposed to protect
As the Seattle Times the many failures reach ridiculous heights in 2003
When the majority Republican commission spill it along party lines to gut the cross ownership ban
That change would have allowed a single company to own a newspaper three television stations eight radio stations and an internet service provider in the same market
The sinister move didn't go unnoticed the FCC was flooded with three million comments
Clearly the American public is attuned to the threat media consolidation poses to democracy
America's press and other sectors in the media will continue to be marginalized and us politicians act on the
Currents of energy created by the growing media reform movement
Politicians both Democrats and Republicans should push back on the FCC
The FCC can act on a number of issues that will quickly begin to be viable of an independent press and a healthy democracy
Right, I'm holding my breath
Cross-ownership the bloating of the world's media conglomerates based lawmakers to be examined in this rule
Not only does it need to be better enforced the rule needs to be expanded on on national level
No company should be allowed to reach the power news corporation the FCC has to be alarmed that the conglomerate now owns
New York-based Wall Street Journal Fox News two television stations and an 80 news paper in the city news corpus also launching a national financial channel
Licensing the FCC should use a licensing program requiring TV stations to go through a rigorous renewal every three years
The current system has almost no impact and minerals done every eight years station simply sent in a postcard
Tell that to jolly joe all we got to do a send in a postcard. Oh, that's TV
I guess we couldn't afford a postcard you think
Could have been network neutrality this awkwardly named proposal would keep network providers such as AT&T or Comcast
Which supply the pipes through which the internet moves from implementing different pay scales for different levels of service
This law would ensure the internet remains a place for innovation and is not controlled by the companies that own broadband
These are just a few actions the FCC
And lawmakers could take to perpetuate the presence in the sensible role in democracy
It's time the FCC acting the best interest of the people was created to serve instead of large corporations
Which reminds me that scene in network
Where he's going on about the Saudis and about this one and that one and they own all of this crap and that crap
And when the third largest corporation in the world owned memories who knows what kind of crap will be peddled for truth on this network
Remember that right, but he didn't say crap. He said Schmidt
Who knows what kind of Schmidt's gonna be pedal for truth on that is to me one of the three or four greatest movies ever
And just like when Josh Cortis was on air all the yeah, I'm tired of arguing with punks about whether that's a good movie or not
What's the point there's just too stupid to understand that it's got to be that well what could be the explanation?
How
And that was 1972 I do believe her 76 or something like that. I think 72. I think so 35
Huh, I think so I'm checking that 35 freaking years ago. I can tell you the minute cuz it's like on this list
I think it was number 75
Now maybe it's better than that 76 like I said
Oh 1976
What or you don't have my list
No, it's number 64 on this list 1976 well I corrected myself 76 and what difference does it make it's like 31 years ago
Mm-hmm and patty patty chasky was so far ahead of his time and movie was great
screaming about the Saudis and all the crap that's going on right now and about people being obsessed with the crap on television
It's all the freaking know is what they see on television
Listen to me television is not the truth
So turn off your television said turn them off right in the middle of the
Mad
Aren't we cursed down here by the way?
Mm-hmm after those ball games over the weekend
Seven step drop seven step driving I hear I'm gonna drop dead
If I hear that promo eight one more time I'm gonna drop dead right here on the air I'm gonna kill myself
I'm gonna win peel myself on a
Home in Tasha still one
920 votes on the poll will easily have over a thousand today. We don't have to worry about that
Because that's something I worry about I come in here and I ring my hands every day. Oh
What was me? What was me? How are we gonna do this?
How are we gonna give the thousand votes on the poll to impress the vote counter out there the guy that's always talking about me sending and mailing it in?
And I think it would be a good idea if he would volunteer to finish the show today so I can go to the post office. No
Yeah, I gotta go mail it in
Oh, that was bad. I gotta go mail tomorrow show and now listen
It won't take a long trip to the post office because the mayor we got the Marlon game in 1230
That's right. I don't think I think they're playing in that old stadium there. Yeah, I think they got a new one's a new stadium
next season. Oh Christ. I think it's so next year
So they're not playing the dome stadium so the rain tomorrow for example like him could be rained out
So yeah, I won't affect us
I beg your pardon unless it's rained out before the whole thing starts. Yeah, it won't affect us because they'll have to go to the coverage
And they'll be sitting in rain. Well, I'm gonna do an anti-Indian the rain dance just to make them sure of it
I'm gonna go out there and find some engines
And we're gonna dance and dance in the party all night and drink and do a lot of drugs
Just pass the room and I beg your pardon? I think the right kind of engine. Yeah. How about Mexican engine sound
I don't work on the plants
I think force leader
Try it. Yeah, do this one
It's the Disney Channel special you've been dreading for the entire summer back to school musical
No
Back to school musical get ready for reading writing and
There's a time
You gotta time that
Oh
Back to school musical there's only one thing worse than returning to class
Back to school musical it's nothing to sing and dance above
Nobody
About 17 to 560 w. I'm happy Tuesday to it's 9-11 don't get all the press now
Don't be getting sucked in by the median to get all you know while we're in it
I mean here at Q.A. M. I'm 9-11 we hit Geldey on the air going wow
We got to talk about sports. We don't want to talk about planes flying at the buildings
We want to talk about sports right?
Show dude took an hour before finally in fact it was Joe Castell or your close person a friend who went out there in the
Hallway and got a hold of Greg Reed and grabbed him by the arm and twisted and bent it around and
Did like a fool Nelson on him and finally said why don't we cut the crap and get the spots off the air and I oh
Jesus, we can't do that remember that it was a
Little Joe not as not to be confused with jolly Joe
Made Geldey on infant that was the tip off on this radio station remember that I sent you on that day that you know
If there had been any doubts which there hadn't been but that's certainly confirmed where their brain was at
It's in the locker room baby. So nothing happened with Joey Porti yesterday Chris
I have no idea because I didn't hear it
You're the guy that told me the whole story yeah, and I didn't but I didn't hear the show yesterday
Why not because I was doing other things that I wasn't near radio
How can anybody not be near a radio
Whoever heard a such a thing that that is the latest and I know there was a lies
Hope that they've disconnected this thing because this red button is like on almost all the time now
Well, it ate me but now I'm just saying it. I'm not saying anybody is doubting anything
I'm just telling you this the switch is a subrockin. Okay as they say in Italy. It's subrockin
Not that we confuse with sarbroughton
Food in Germany is really good by the way in Berlin. Mm-hmm
Then brought worse than em schnitzels never having a good schnitzel not lately though, but I have before
Now in number 37 votes. I think maybe this hour gonna get real close up on that thousand
And then after that there's no hold in this back. It's like it's like the floods in ancient times remember those floods
Oh, yeah, there was Noah and the yark and Jonah and the Awail
And Daniel and the lions then all of the bubble my seas all you people all you people are gonna go to shoul
And now because it's a rupture shaman and then we got you him kipper coming up on a high holidays all these
You know festival Jews
Like the festival goyem that go on Christmas and Easter. Yeah once in a while. Well, what what is that all about?
Is that somehow gonna save your soul? Is it gonna save you from yourself that you go to you?
You go and you put on your aryarmica and you go there and put on the tallest and you say they're
I really thought you have no idea what you're talking about. What is it? What a bunch of nonsense
That's why there's no hope for the good gosh darn world. I must say god dang
Then it yeah
Chmit
That's why there's no hope because these people continue and because why because they got brainwashed into it
Well, this is what we do on substance such a day and of course nobody asked the musical question
why
Why well as they did this and as they went to school for a semester and then she played in gold replacing Alan best
there and
Then she worked in the records with that the battery tester
You ever do a battery tester what kind of cheap bastard tests batteries to see if they're still only gonna talk about
I don't even know what you're talking about like what you sticking on your tongue and that kind of thing
Well, they have a battery tester. They have like a little thing and you go in the drugstore. I'm sure they still have them
And you can test your batteries to see how much juice juice they still got
You never heard of such a thing. Yeah, yeah, I guess
Well, I mean that's but yeah, yeah, no kitten even you wouldn't go to that
I'll throw it out Chris Chris maybe I could understand no
Even he wouldn't do it say so in any of you cheap. It's like people like go to the drugstore to get their blood pressure, you know
If you want to take your own blood pressure, which I do several times a couple times a day then go out and buy a blood pressure cuff
You idiot or at least one of those wrist blood pressure comes something
Now we got to go to the drugstore they do it for free and of course if you have a doctor that's like a real grave robber
They want you to come
People tell me that why I went to the doctor to have my blood pressure taken
Do you ever hear such a thing? Yeah
You have yeah, you would go to the doctor to have your blood pressure taken
Oh, I'm trying to think if I've ever had it taken anywhere else
I don't go there to have my blood pressure. I'm talking about I'm talking about old people
There was a hobby and stuff for the hobby to go to the doctor they got that machine at the drugstore speaking of the drugstore
That's what I'm talking about
The doctor wants you to come and get the blood pressure taken because that's another visit and that medicare will pay for and he can keep
Or running up the telly that's what that's all about mm-hmm
As soon as representative Ike Sculton gaviled that joint congressional hearing to order yesterday morning
Pro Testus could be heard yelling war criminal at an army general David Patrice and ambassador Ryan Crocker
Who are about to testify about conditions in Iraq who are about to lie through their sleeve
To their ass
At least one woman could be heard shouting briefly before a sculton democrat emissary ordered anyone who disrupted the proceedings to be removed from the hearing room
Out they go as sculton said he paused a few seconds and then ask no one in particular are they gone?
At least the half of us in protesters were arrested during the course of yesterday's hearing in their presence visibly irritated sculton
I wonder if he's kinder ready, do you think let's be
That really pisses me off down there these a holes a sharp-read Wall Street general reporter overheard sculton say the committees
ranking Republican member Duncan Hunter of California those a holes a staffer came to the rest you later shutting off scultons microphone
Members of the anti-war group code pink
Have been near a constant at a near constant presence of the hearings on the Iraq war
Thank God and several members have been removed from the hearings and arrested for other capital health protests
There wasn't clear who was removed yesterday
And there whether they were arrested or face criminal charges the trans and crocker
I wonder if he's related the Betty Althe Crocker
Remember Betty Crocker? Yeah, just are
But trans and crocker are making their first appearance on the hill yesterday did make it yesterday to
Assess the results of President Bush's troops surge which began earlier this year later in the hearing more protesters
We're moving including one who appeared to be Adam Kokish by the way
Who's this Adam guy that the Joe Rose always talking about Adam Finkelstein or whatever
What's ever this Jewish guy's name is Adam Cooperstein? Yeah, who's Adam Cooperstein? He's one of the other sports guys on
Channel six with George or with Joe
Well, who the hell knows who he is is he like
Another one of these flunky sports guys
He's a sportscaster or whatever you want to call Joe is he no Alex Marvez probably oh
Later in the hearing more protesters were removed including one who appeared to be Adam Kokish and Iraq veteran
Was become a leading figure in the anti-war movement
Several more code pink members and other antiwar activists remained in the hearing room and some members worried about further
disruptions as Patrice was delivering his testimony another protest to begin shouting that's a lie as Patrice accused the man of supporting insurgents in Iraq
Would the entire group that's back there supporting that person be removed skeleton requested?
Well, I guess he isn't related to red skeleton because he didn't got no sense of humor
I told you he looks like he's been dead for 40 years at least
Remember that yesterday
Thuseless grandpa at least 145 that's the problem
What was that movie when the kids took over the government? You remember that? Yeah, I've seen it like five times not a bad movie. Yeah
That's what we use all the punks taken over the then we all have war is just
A lot of drugs and stuff like that, you know
Not a cheap booze. Not a tequila
942 votes on our pool about the Acronic collars and I don't miss any of them today. Do you?
I don't miss any of them at all. Oh, yeah, listen. Yeah
Like a heartache. Oh
45.2 percent. I hate them all 426 and Eddie is just aging out Reverend Jones
And you know Reverend Jones and his little group of boyfriends there they're tapping out the votes like even faster than Joe Castella could do last week and that's fast
You remember all those bogus votes we were getting free sure
Joe doesn't meet us. I mean he's got his XM is isn't it XM?
That's right. He's got that thing going, you know, plus you don't have to support any kids because he was smart enough not to impregnate his X-Wife
Nice going Joe good move
I'll just could learn from your example
As you're
Not only are we forming in the North Atlantic Tomharkin we're going to say Lucia and Miami
And the Western Antelope and the Caribbean sea and we're going to Jamaica and the Camel Islands and the Lies
And if you look at that, let us know then we're going all the way
So let's get mainland and be around and into a problem in the present
Yeah
One more time thank you
Okay, 12 30 at 5 60 WNQM roll them along singing a song 948 votes on the pool. Maybe this hour go over a thousand
But I doubt it or close to it
I'm sure that we have a lot of people out there in this audience. They've been like potty trained. Don't you think?
I imagine and some of them probably even keep a diary like all at
142 today Neil went over a thousand votes on the pool and what they're really trying to say is I have no line
Yeah, that's what I'm trying to say
Every time I give you that pull remember I'm mailing it in
Courtney Martin writes in the American prospect the missing measure of our outrage if most of us can agree the Rack Wars a colossal failure
Why are we doing much about it? Oh, I still have question
It's kind of like if Q-A-M if we agree that the the other guys are kicking our ass and then we got some real problems
Why are we doing much about it? We are
And what are we doing more the same more spots a lot more spots wow
Live spots recorded spots more live spots. I think what we really need to do is have like one show where they don't do anything but spots
Remember the resistance to try that all the commercial radio
Yeah, and you know what the problem was no listeners. No listeners. Nobody listen
Huh
952 now that we're aging toward that thousand and then Joe Bell is going to fall off the agency
You'll hear a thunderous you'll hear a tremendous commotion in that building
When fat ass jelly Joe hits the flow
Courtney Martin says how do you measure war?
It's a question that many of our greatest political philosophers have wrestled with for thousands of years
What number what unit what fields of inquiry could possibly describe the progress or in our present conflict a lack thereof
When it comes to the massive war is it the number of dead soldiers the dead plus the injured the new alliances and government for infrastructure
The collateral damage can be measured by an absence of terrorist attacks of tyrants of dreams
As our democratic led congress looks toward answering this question or at least attempting to have been mulling it over myself
And of course rather than the leading to an answer
It seems to let me stirring down on to perhaps even more difficult question. How do you measure a public responsibility and war?
I said drinking beers among family friends on a recent Sunday
We've been discussing just this topic with a group of people having from both coasts and many places in between
Spending political persuasions from loyal Republican to anarchist and in all stages of life from a reason we don't know what puppy in love
We were boomers and echoes of the boom the money than the starving artists
We were all totally stumped as to what our responsibilities as citizens were in a war that
Regardless of party affiliation or tax bracket. We all agreed was a colossal failure
Why haven't we been more outraged and if we have why hasn't it manifested it in in desperate action?
There were a couple of Vietnam vets in the room and they were convinced that one of the reasons we failed to feel strongly about the
Rack war is sadly a matter of personal interest
In all of Vietnam there was somewhere around 58,000 U.S. soldiers killed and our four years so far of the Rack war
We haven't even suffered four thousand yet
There are simply far fewer of us who have had to deal with the war isn't in an acutely personal way
The injuries around the rise because of new forms of warfare
My mom teared up as she remembered how many of her friends disappeared at the draft
Their empty seats in class like open wounds among those remaining behind
My cousin did two tours of duty in the unforgiving Iraqi desert
I'm proud and lucky to report that he's not studying history U.C. L.A.
Galvanizing by his galvanized by his mixed bag experiences in marine to understand the legacy of war and the way that our world is changing
But among my college educated friends I'm an anomaly
Most of them don't know anyone who's actually served in a rack much less lost anyone
We're the children of desert storm in the teenagers of 9-11 experience war through an unarguably classed terminal lens
Those of us who were up with trampolines and college guides and a little of ied's beyond what we've read online
You may think I'm creeping dangerous because the coast advocating a reinstatement of the draft
I in fact, I think the idea is unconscionable
Not just because booming young cities like Denver, Nosson would be ghost towns and Canada would be rich within a native young blood
But because it's morally indefensible as is manipulating the poor and the newly American in the chaotic war
Why add more cracks to our already broken moral character as a country
But if not a draft and we need something anything that would help us override the basis of moral reasoning
If it affects me or mine. I'll protest and move into a more enlightened zone
If people are suffering dying losing hope that it affects me and I'll protest on as is what we're saying
We've developed technology that allows us to email from Antarctica and send
Songs to strangers via wireless connection on the streets
How can we not develop some new sense of our interconnectedness and as a result our responsibility to do something about a war that we by large don't believe in
Today according to CBS a full 69% of the American public disapproves of the war
And a war that's highlighted how complex identity politics are how much our technological advances have changed the look and loss
Look of uh and lost during wartime how wide the abyss is of grown between economic classes
It's imperative that we still see the simple truths
We are all of every last American responsible for this messy war
We must have made a new moral accountability from ourselves that transcends self-interest
If we're truly principled it shouldn't matter whether the death hole is one or a hundred thousand
Whether we know someone directly affected by war or not
We must take the war personally simply by virtue of being American and even more radically simply by virtue of being human
And last but certainly not least we must find a way to move to act to affect change
I grew a bit embarrassingly passionate and under my family surprises the conversation we entered from
Vietnam or Iraq contrast and comparisons to the elephant in every room what the hell do we do?
I looked one of the 50 something year olds deep in the eyes and asked but seriously
What do you suggest we do in order to actualize our outrage?
I've been to protest and they were called focus groups
I sent online petitions as far as I can tell just got lost in the internet ether. What do we do?
Chief Shrugger's shoulders as did the other balding conservatives and aging hippies around the table
Things are changing these four bushes getting closer to pulling the troops out
Okay, fine time and plunging public opinion me have whittled away bushes cowboy confidence to the point that he'll
Conceive some defeat perhaps some soldiers even some Iraqi civilians will be spared by the constant barrage of criticism
The current administrations incurred from pundits politicians
bloggers anti warfights and activists
I'm grateful for that though
I still believe that too many have done too little to end this seemingly endless war
But American civilians are no closer to understanding how to harness their own outrage
How to live in a modern world where poor kids die while rich kids fight
Ever harder to get into the Harvard how to go to bed with a peaceful sense that what we've done
With that we've done what we could to win war
We remain angry and inert privileged and distance the nation of living rooms out with debate and proverbial streets empty and silent
The only way to measure our silence. I fear will be the deafening echo of what this war does the future generations
Courtney Martin writer and teacher living in Brooklyn
958 votes on the survey on the poll. Why do I keep saying survey that's from yesterday? Whatever
Did you say whatever I know what that means
Here's the poll
Now that Neil is killed the calls which chronic caller when you miss the most I hate them all
434 45.3 percent hate them all like poison rotten rotten to the core
Wish we could put him into a gigantic barrel and go fishing with a gigantic hook
Eddie 99 Reverend Jones 97
Can't you just see him in his old court there tapping and tapping and voting too
John Bae 87 Gilbert's got to eat too
You know what he is he's like a he's like a human tumor
On our existence. He's he's like a human tumor on the radio fabric of South Florida for all these years
Joel Feinberg 14 the delusional liar troublemaker BS artist loser spoiled rich kid
Hey guess what Joel nobody likes to spoil rich kid
Yeah, they don't care about us
Prosec on 22 that was a late addition we apologize. I mean who wants to go through the entire day without hearing
Hi
Hey
So what did I do to you guy 19 the Jesus Christ guy 18 you're a lot more familiar with him than I am
I guess you got to bond with him pretty tight. Oh, yeah, you got close to Jesus during the summer. I'm close
I wanted to line my 17 the you're mailing it in guy 14 you're mailing it in Neil
The 25 cents slot guy 10 the S&P guy 8 S&P's up the guy with the i7
and the yeovon guys got only four out of 950 and he's got only four after all the efforts all the times all the trouble
and only four people will miss you
Let's do that pull tomorrow
How many people will miss Neil when he retires next week?
I'm thinking very seriously and I got a couple of bucks put away
So I heard so if one day you come in and I'm not at the moment you do what do you mean by that?
No, well, yeah, it does go a really fast
Dad's elderly and he needs the security of a cell phone but all the fancy features confuse him he means
Jitterbug those cell phone for seniors no cameras or web access jitterbug has four large buttons and four basic functions
Dad can press the blue button to complain about the temperature
I'm cold
Or the yellow button to find out the time
What time is it the green buttons for reminiscing
Look there's another one and hey for looking coffee places
Why I remember when you're going to admire and coffee was just an eagle for a bottomless cup and you could tell if the
Wages was a barrier and girls and they didn't have earrings and they're not only sailors
That's
And the red button is for emergencies. Give me that
Hi jitterbug could you take dad back to the home now?
Bill Aralees on soon. What time is it jitterbug for his safety and your sanity
From 45 at 560 WQM got some bad news for all you rap fans. Mimee a rapper trick daddy
Was arrested or really this morning for fight at the Mimee Garden strip club tutsies right down the street there
Okay, remember that song to to tootsie bye bye. Who did that?
I don't know you're a jury Lewis, but who did any candor
Hello, here's your bachit chicken neck nose
He charged with a zirtling intoxication and resisting arrest
Said they detected Carlos Morae spokesman footage here at on channel seven show the rapper
Was real name is Mauricio in 32 being wheeled by paramedics and a Jackson memorial in his deal much shot his nose and cheek are caked in dry blood
trick daddy
What was that?
Crick daddy. That was trick daddy. Well, not yet. He was gonna start singing
Oh, but you chopped it off probably gonna say some vulgar stuff through the question
Wow better chopped that off especially since this button here on this thing you better keep your eye on it
It keeps to go into the red just over and over again and like I said yesterday
Back during the summertime when they had a chance to get that fixed and all straight now
Wow, but it would but it would but it would but it would but it would but but but but they might I had to pay the engineer here like ten bucks
To come up and spend two minutes doing something or replace the switch. That might have been another ten bucks
So rather than do that, they just let it get out of control in out of hand
976 on the survey. I would be surprised if I clicked that view current thing Chris and we get 980, you know what?
Oh
976 well like I said I'd been shocked close a
Popular Episcopate and priest resigned in the middle of an investigation into the charges. He's solicited sex
From an undercover officer in a North Carolina men's room. Oh my god. Why don't you show a lot of stuff going on in the tea room
I've said to that. I think Bo camper had a point. Let's get Jim Nagelon as a guest next week
In fact, let's get him to sit in do the show all week
Oh, I forgot to look up the DC weather. Why don't you google that Chris? Do something useful
Okay, sure we have a nice sunny day in DC tomorrow because it's all of the sun has come out here finally. It's kind of like breaking up a little bit
And breaking up is hard to do you do understand that?
Are you google? No, no yes, I have it's only one
580 low 57 and a nice and sunny nice and sunny tomorrow in Washington DC
We love the nationals. They are the bands
And the marlins are mired aren't they like four and a half games behind the nats. Not they're in deep and last place. They're buried
Yeah, probably about that after losing again yesterday five before I do believe was the final score
They just they really suck. That's why we had to build a new ballpark because they suck
In fact the two worst records in the major leagues. Guess which two teams they are Chris
And guess what they play on the marlins and the devil raise uh-oh
Oh my god to Florida teams neither one neither one of them is gonna be business
Yeah, but the marlins won the world series twice. Yeah, and you know what nobody still cares
Anyway, the Reverend Michael Pendlin's resignation letter was rendered congregants during Sunday Mass said Mary Cox
Um
They're playing here tomorrow not in Washington
Oh, excuse me. Yeah, what's the weather forecast for there? If we're here. Oh, let's see for here
90 high 90 low 78 with possible rain and thunderstorms
Oh rain and thunderstorms. Yeah, well, you know something on and well, that's they're getting the game and that's why they're playing tomorrow
And it's in South Florida while I should have known that
They're not gonna play no night game on the worst you're sure to see I tried to tent it that George
But you wouldn't listen to me as usual. Uh-huh. I tried to tent it that would of course it's a sports thing
So you just millipsed about it. What but that was the answer to the question
They're playing a day game so that it's over by sundown and that they know the Jews can go to the ball game tomorrow
I've actually been at least three or four Jews and five or six other people
For a 1235 start on a Wednesday in the middle of the week. Oh brother
But hey listen, it's a Russia shut up. We don't want to offend the orthodox they've from the far-bison
Anyway, getting back to this priest the Episcopalian priest
For five years Pendland told North Carolina police. He was participating in homosexual activity and keeping it a secret from his wife
His son and his parish
After he was issued a citation the sexting in a public park restroom near Asheville, North Carolina, June 28
He returned to Boka and continued to work at St. Gregory's Episcopal Church
100 northeast Myzner Boulevard. He started working there in November
Father Pendland the police report became pubic this month
Pendland who has a doctorate in psychology has not been deposed as a priest but is effectively unemployed cox said
You can't function as a priest you be saying. He's doing back in court tomorrow to face his citation
The diocese is conducting its own
They're conducting hits their own investigation and I'm sure we'll be getting
All detailed results not
981 on the survey by the top of the hour going to be creeping right up on that thousand mark
And then you're going to see they're going to spring into action across the street
They're going to be jumping up and down like rumpel stills can stew vassal be out there bowling in the middle of a 441
He still can't hear where the certificates from like two weeks ago show. Yeah, I mean what is that?
And Joe Feinberg yesterday is pretending that this is somebody who actually belongs on the air
And isn't there because of the fact that he's just another sports station reject from like half of those
other stations including this one
Retreats baby one retread after another stew gots all a hands-old producers man clearance
There's another retread. He's he's the Chitter and a Woodpile on this station
Make no mistake about that when you agree. Yes. Yes
Chris
No idea. I'm sure
What doesn't mean you have no idea. Well, what does that mean?
You're afraid that he's going to fire your ass because you see he's
And a sports nerd you got one
He said I have other duties. What what is that?
Out of the like at least he used to before they started working on this show now. They don't like him anymore
Yeah, I don't have to be a hurricane's like you shouldn't know that once you got associated with this show
They don't want any party. Just ask
The only exception of that was cordus and they started to like him so they dragged him off of the show
See how that works. Uh, they'll do anything to hurt us. That's right
They will do anything to hurt us. That's what Joel Feinberg told me when I was begging him for a job
How could how could anyone be so delusional to make up such swell
To be attempting to interfere in my business relationship with my fine employers whom I love dearly and who treat me so freaking well
It treat me well twice a month on payday and that's it rest of the time. That's it
Although jolly joe was very friendly yesterday. How you doing making any money? I said yeah, I'm up about a grand joe
But like that and then I went like that
And it was a long pause he didn't know whether the scream or drop his banana
Cindy sheans got a column here pigs of war. We have time to read this before the break. I think I do
She says pigs of war come in both political colors of red and blue
We're all unfortunately very familiar with the red pigs the pigs of war who manipulated trade picked stoke pipe and
Manufactured intelligence to suggest that the world that Sodom had mushroom cloud producing WMD and something to do with the tragic events of 9-11 that occurred six years ago now
Many blue politicians are pigs of war and they willingly went along with the deceptions even perverted red pig talking points
Whenever they got a chance, but now claim that the
Fiendishly clever George fooled them into believing the nearly unbelievable
I don't know about you, but I take small comfort in that excuse when we have a system of government where a supposed public service can
Profit off of war along with the corporations that pad their bank accounts both blue and red pigs benefit and young people needlessly lose their lives
Sometime killing other humans in the process
Our troops and people of Iraq are the ones getting trapped between our pusillanemist politicians these dear human beings become
Ciphers in purely political calculations from congress and only an exercise in abstraction from pundits, poets, publishers
And the majority of the average Americans who haven't been personally touched by this
Extramental occupation
In Iraq every citizen has been personally touched and the American occupation is a living fire breathing palpable entity
That's intruded its imperialistic self in the every aspect of their daily lives
How do I know that congress is playing politics with human hearts?
All one has to do is observe the lack of action in the part of the red and blue pigs to come to this sad but inevitable conclusion
Apparently majority leader Harry Reid Democrat in Nevada has spent more time over a summer recess trying to convince red pigs to go against George's war plan
Then he spent trying to kill coalesce his blue caucus and is something that would not resemble the red pigs what words
Did you say that the blur becomes purple?
What
Coales his blue caucus
Speaker Pelosi
And Reid have already decided they don't have enough votes to mend the occupation
Distance they decided that impeachment was off the table even before they were elected
So they'll happily hand over to George more of your tax money and China's money to continue the killing fields in Iraq
Why are they so miserly with democracy but generous with our treasury and our dear human treasure?
I got two very over answers to this question one day in congress this past spring when I was on the hill
And one of my meetings with congressman conures he told me there was more important to put a Democrat in the White House in
Oate than it was to win the war
After I recovered from my shock I knew it was confirmed that partisan politics is exactly what's killing our children in the innocent civilians in Iraq
My next stop was in a congresswoman's office was always been a hundred percent correct about the war
She's a lovely woman with lovely heart and does not in any way qualify
And there are a few dozen others who'd not as a blue pig
She had tears in her eyes when she told me
Cindy when I go to speakers meetings when we talk about the war all the talk is about politics
Then one of them mentions the heartbreak that will occur if we don't pull our troops out now
People are dying for two diverse, but equally deadly political agendas the red pigs want to keep the core
War going because they feed out of the trough of carnage and the blue pigs want to keep it going for votes either way is
reprehensible
There's a lot of chatter about the Patreas report will the general recommend drawing down troops
Even if he does three three to five thousand doesn't bring the number down to pre-surge levels
And the report says in direct contradiction to the geo report on the surge that sectarian violence in Iraq is down
75% without saying that the red pigs have redefined the term sectarian violence
All I know is that the report paints a rosier picture than what really exists on the ground in Iraq and like Ron Paul said the other day on Fox news
Leader of the red pigs want to be debate. How can anyone believe anything may say
The blue pigs won't believe the report but they'll expediently go along with the red pig request to further fund the disaster
Because they believe it'll mean political victory in 08
It's up to we the people to care more about humanity democracy than either the reds and blues
And it's mandatory that we mount campaigns to defeat the pigs and their masters the war machine
21 families here in americans dozens more in the macke felt the sting of lethal politics of war
Just since the beginning of September and the beat goes on
What if instead of pigs of war in our government?
We had like the official super humanity before politics and people before profits
Maybe the horrible trend franjities of the Bush regime and non-level would never have occurred within our borders
And the rest of the world could look up to the USA with respect as a true leader in the world peace
Instead of glaring at our shocking and awful quest for empire off the backs of the many who benefit the pocketbooks of the few
It's not too late, but we're getting there silences be trail the missile and civil host of blue pigs is the biggest be trail of all
Says Cindy sheen you go girl
You know the anxious kami tinkos Cindy sheen that the troublemaker yeah, who's one of the few with balls. There's a there's a lady with balls
90
89 on the full and I'll tell you when we come back to the break now. What was that line again?
Cole s his blue caucus
Don't get me started again
You're a sports leader don't forget that oh
This is on this is not a tumor if the one the two hour
And
the
I'm afraid to say because it could mean the thing of me
Now I think he was killed for silly
I was gonna kill you I too
Tiny believe it, 994 votes on a pool
We didn't make the thousand yet but we'll do it
And I got some real good news for it George
Yeah
The roggers, phone people are made it today
The roughster is working right now
And they do not call it any rough to show
And that good?
That is good
Oh brother, you think you got problem with the cable and phone people there
Oh I shouldn't have said that, that was bad but it's true
Ha ha ha ha ha
Oh
Now since tomorrow at sundown is Rocher Shun a Jewish New Year
What is the year?
25, 25?
I love it so I'm Zagarin Evans
Sure
On RCA
Don't you?
I like it a lot
In the year
That was back in the late 60s when we still had some social conscience
And the music reflected it is opposed to this crap
Like that bit I just played, you know
There it is
Zagarin Evans
It's hot Zagarin and Izzy Evans
It is making Izzy leave everybody alone in my house and it's only Jones
They'll leave him alone in the city
We got nothing for you to do
Stay up on my roof and stay on my face
And stay up on my life
Bye bye Izzy, cut the crap
I quit knocking on the door calling you
You're a general pest
Come on, pencil has a perfect crap
You leave 35, 25
You raise your head
Yeah
That's my handyman Izzy, a razor
Cutip head, I'm sorry, you know
That's cutip head
You ever see anybody who would fit in that category cutip head?
Yeah, the fact that it's time 11 and we got Rocher Shun a tomorrow I think is probably like diminishing
For example our calls are a little weak today
Do you have any of them?
I'm sure you do
Well you never do this so you don't know
But can you even begin to believe what a blessing it is to me what a bro how it is to have that thing in the show in the office
Is in the black screen on that monitor?
I can actually take that thing off of there because it doesn't look aesthetically all that great
When do you think I should start my buddy there in Connecticut Tony the UPS driver
He's bugging me about what am I going to take pictures of the studio and post them on our website
And you always tell me, oh you take pictures you know
Yeah
What?
Yeah what?
Yeah people want pictures of you
I don't know how to do that
Do you think I'd let you get away with that?
Get away with what?
Not knowing how to do something technical like I wouldn't walk you through it
It's a good excuse though
No not really
No I think it'll be a good idea to take pictures of the studio
Yeah I mean it's a really neat thing
I've been here like going on almost six years now
Can you believe that?
I believe it
So when's the last time I saw you?
I remember saw Chris
Did I ever meet Chris?
No
Yes
I did?
I was an intern
And I met you I remember
Yeah back when D-fo was here
Like Moe was here there's a lot of fat producers you know
But I remember you when D-fo was there
Yeah and you had a cast or something on your hand
Oh yeah that's after my big fall and I'm stood on
And a red light district there right
That spinning fall
Well I'll never forget that
And the hooker she came out she was so well Mr.
Your nose is bleeding come on inside I'll clean you up you know
And she did it was very nice and I gave her
Was it a happy end?
I gave her a few gilders
I beg your pardon?
Was it a happy ending?
Not the kind you were thinking about
But I was and then I got on the tram
And I went back to my apartment when I got off the tram
Almost passed out
I don't think I've ever passed out in my life
But I almost passed out
In other words you're starting everything is turns to white you know
Sure
And you're like all busy and like
Oh gee, busy rhymes with this he stay away as he leave us alone
Thanks for all you're working to pass some of it and some of the rest of it
But you know for the time being leave me alone
Hissy
You got a handyman at your house maybe you can give Izzy some work
Is he good?
I didn't say that I said maybe you can give him some work
It depends on what he does he's a good painter
Okay
He's good at coming and drink some beers if he got some
We got a thousand one votes Chris
Oh right
Oh right
I actually did meet you once upon a time in America
Yeah
And what did you say?
Hello Mr. Rogers how you doing?
Is that like that?
Mr. Rogers?
Oh my God was that wearing like a grey sweater?
I don't know what I said it was like five, six years ago
Whatever it was when you killed yourself
Well that's the point I'm trying to like define this
I mean the audience may not care about it but since we're not taking calls anymore
I think what we ought to do instead of spending so much time reading these bedtime stories
Although I will say this most of them are pretty damn good
Even though most people don't give a flying crap which is what the stories are about
There's nobody cares and I'm sitting here telling everybody
Hey guess what you don't care and that's right we don't
But at least we can be agreeable on that you know
But I think we ought to contaminate a hell of a lot more especially since I got
We ought to let us start that countdown
Let me go now that we got the thousand votes to our homepage
Because I think we're much too formal on the show
We ought to just you know play play
What do you mean by that?
Well considering you're doing the show in your underwear how formal can we get?
I am not
I got my walking shorts and my shirt on today
Oh really?
You didn't have to dress up my butt on the dress?
What?
You didn't have to get all dressed up all gussied up
Well I did it just in case I had any visitors like a Sunday go to meetin
I did it just in case I had any visitors
Now let's see what am I looking for all at the end
And the bottom of the thing
Time remaining on Neil's contract
Now is this actually up to date does it change?
Oh if I so it does
Because it says three seconds now what if I refresh it?
Ah Christ
If I refresh it it goes back to the other page
Here we go back to the bottom and says oh yeah yeah it does
One year three months 19 days 10 hours 52 minutes and 20 seconds
But the obvious question is did that take into consideration vacation time and
Next summer schedule?
No
Well in that case I think you got about four weeks to go
Oh see ya
Now I was asking you before when's the last time when we saw each other?
I don't know
I think I saw you once since you went up there like to take something to your house
Or something like that that was about it
Really?
Since then went up here?
Yeah maybe once
Oh I haven't done all the shows from here on the whole six years
No you did like a week or it was almost a week
Oh that's not enough
It's not enough
It's not enough
I remember every time I would come in there and I would sit down and the first thing I would do
Is that open the mic?
And of course that's on the days when the mic switch was working you'll recall that
Right
And I would
Middle with the overhead speaker so I could hear myself
We don't know some of us don't use headphones because I hate them and they you know they're not good
And so for many many moons I'm trying to remember the first station I worked at I think it was I and Z
Where we had an overhead instead of a headphones it was great
Not that we had good engineers there because we sure did not
Although Tim being was there remember Tim?
Sure
Hates me
That's what you said
I don't know I'm uh you know what it has to do with?
No
You want me to tell you that story before I figure out when I saw you last?
I think he told me but I forgot so yeah say it again
Well there was a young engineer there his name was David man he was really cute
But anyway that's beside the point
And he got really ugly
Like somebody hit him with the ugly stick when he moved to Tampa with his wife
But anyway I know I was not hitting on him all I would have liked to
But he uh was on the engineering staff and he had something to do with you know our studio and whatever
They build a new studio was beautiful
And in the control room there was a separate pot for every phone line
Can you imagine that Chris?
That's just wow
There was a separate pot for every phone line on the board I mean it was just incredible
Anyway we had some technical difficulties and so I was you know ripping the engineers like I always do and deservedly so
Because it was like screwed up bad I mean really bad
And this kid David whatever his name was he couldn't handle it he just he just crumbled on the pressure
And he wound up taking the job in Tampa somewhere and leaving town and Tim B and was also on the engineering staff at that time
He held that against me it made me a bad guy
Would you know what?
Too bad
If you're going to be connected to the radio business especially talk shows you better not have thin skin
Okay, if you're going to work with me you better not have thin skin
And you guys have both testament to the fact I don't give anybody any crap connected with the show very rarely
I give Chris a little bit of crap because his screening on the phone was like reluctant you know which I don't blame it
But it was a little slow yeah, they've got it for like three seconds sometimes and you know I wasn't getting it
No yes
There were times when all the lines would be ringing and you're you know you'd rather be a superstar
You'd rather be on the air talking crap than answering phones and I don't blame you for that
But I don't give you any crap
And George what is it 17 years 18 years you've been on the show?
It'll be 17 in October October 1st maybe twice maybe twice in 17 years we've had any crap
And of course maybe sometimes it was management instigated sure sure Greg read
I mean Joe Bell jolly jolly he hasn't given any crap of the fact he hates you on the thing
Yeah, not to my face no no behind your back
He likes to listen to me he said to me when I was at work by nest days that George is a son of a bitch on the other side
I said yeah, I hate that little stick he said yeah, that's right more listeners than anybody else on your station job
He doesn't care and you want to know I don't know if you don't care about ratings and numbers or money
You don't talk about sales or bad guy I know not you're not part of the show it's fraternity
You hate sports you hate the whole the whole concept I hate watching other people play them and then talking about it
I hate listening to people talking about him and makes me want to accuse me spielkeys especially era of Russia Shana
Baruch Otto I don't know I might do my bar mitzvah mop to the whole thing over I wish I could still read it just for fun
Not that would you know accomplish anything just for the hell
But you think that would be good to do on Russia Shana maybe through
Sure, sure see when's they sundown till Thursday sundown is Russia Shana tomorrow night
In spite of what George is trying to peddle you see I knew the Marlon management would never be that stupid
That they would play a game on it came that's why they're playing tomorrow
They don't want to play in the middle of September in the afternoon when everybody is working in school because they know there's nobody going to be there
They're hoping that a few Jews might show up in gratitude in fact I think that's a good promotion a good promotional a sland on it
Don't you think?
Sounds great
All the Jewish should show up tomorrow to thank the Marlins for having the game before sundown and this so they can go to shul and stuff like that
I remember one time I played that on one of the Jewish holidays and some old lady called and just she just about had a nervous breakdown
She just about took the mogen David and hit me over the head with a bottle I might have to play that when we come back
The most sacred is the best out here is your logic
Pritians dumb as dirt
Good morning, 4 whole radio 560 WQA presents morning sports Jews
A good morning drive show, track full of sports information
And the sorted amateur schtitlaque carefully crafted my off-programming mavens for us to enjoy
Hello, I'm your host, Rebecca Mennysha Shinebaum joining me this morning is Ethan Skolnik
Ethan, Hi
Evan Cohen
And of course, Geldy Geldsty
This gentleman is my question, why sports?
Plus in high school we always got take layers
You're not at all
So what would you gentlemen like to do?
I know, let's have a mystery pool
That's a wonderful idea
Okay, I'll get on this boat over here
Oh look, we have a mystery cooler on the line
Hello, who is this?
I'm the mystery cooler
Let us now take a call to guess who you are
Kennedy Estates
Here's a picture of mine, I hear a king
No, no, no
Inside the building, hello
Hey there, Geldy
You're not supposed to go with me, Joe!
This means funnier than a square table
No, that was not entertaining at all
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Where did you get that?
The exit
Oh
I'll be ready to pray I'll be standing now
My soul says that the altar is a choir now
She'll be singing away
Be true to your show
That's my smile
You're so beautiful and so beautiful
Be true to your show
That's my smile
You're so beautiful
That's my smile
Be true to your show
That's my smile
Be day
You're so beautiful
I'm so beautiful
Look at me
Are you ok?
You're so beautiful
The Way, Oh my God
I know when they call those Jews in Georgia.
Oh, in Georgia they don't call them Jews.
I don't know what they all thought we did call them.
Nor do I ever have any desire to go back.
And watch those silly people with the tallestes and the armacross and all the geckys and all the nonsense.
And by rule, Huttah and their doveting and their rocking back and forth like they got St. Vite's dance and their pants.
All over the world, crazy religious people.
All you kids out there, if you're playing hooky today, remember one thing.
They crazy people are the religious people in vice-versi and the more religious, the crazier they are and the more dangerous they are.
We're not fighting Islam or whatever the hell they call it.
We're fighting a fundamentalist lunatics of all stripes, shapes and smells.
Islamophascists.
Yes, Islamophascists, that's right. We're fighting fundamental fascists.
Kirk says, Neil, thank you for not taking more anymore calls.
The show goes so well without them. I like the bedtime stories better. Thanks.
You're welcome, Kirk. And thank you. Thank you for having the balls to send a facsim and at least say something positive for a change.
Thank God for Kirk.
Is that nice? That is.
Now, most people in South Florida don't want to be nice. In addition to which I guess they figure what nice is boring.
You know, it's better if we call them like, oh, we want the callers back.
Well, you know something ain't going to happen, baby. Ain't going to happen.
I need the callers as they see in Finland like a lock-in-cuff, okay? Like a hole in the head.
And I do a speaking of leading that like a lock-in-cuff. Let me tell you my space people.
I got a couple of cute thank God for that.
Acute comments under that spashing spas there who weighs 4,000 pounds.
Oh, yeah, he's a good guy. He sends them with some energy, some volume.
Some cute comments. But,
Tum, Luku, who's a little kuku, I think.
And there's another guy too. You know, these macy's, oh, I got a $500 coupon from macy's.
And if you click here, you do not send those to me.
Right.
The first time you send those to me, I just delete them.
The second time you send those to me, I delete you.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't want them. I'm not interested in participating and helping you win some stupid certificate.
It's like, you know, scouts that come knocking on the door, you know.
Well, if I sell so much candy, I can get a scholarship to a PU, you know, like that.
Just don't waste my space, my space.
How's the poll going?
Now that Neil has killed the calls, which chronic would you miss the most?
1028 votes. That's not too bad.
What would you say, Chris? You're pretty happy about that?
Yeah, well, good.
See, that was a rhetorical question, because no matter what you said, I don't really care whether you're happy about that.
For what they're paying you, you don't need to be happy, okay?
Just sit there and, you know, do the least you can get away with.
No, I'm sure what they're paying me, I should try to be happy.
If they're paying me a lot, then I wouldn't care.
Yeah.
But they're not paying me a lot, so I hope I'm at least happy.
Are you happy?
Yes.
Good. Are we treating you well?
Yes.
And the colors are treating you well because you can't complain about the way the colors are treating because we're not taking any.
Exactly.
You don't have to take any abuse from them.
A thousand and thirty-one there, I hate them all, all the chronic's, 45.1%, four hundred and sixty-five votes.
It's an overwhelming response by the audience.
Eddie, 106 Reverend Jones, 105.
Nekoneck knows to knows.
Boy, would I like to bury the two of them at the finish line, right at Pompo-O Park.
And Wally Hennessey could drive right over both the race.
Come on, Wally over here.
Get Donald Brandon.
We'll bury the one way out here by the outer rail.
Don he'll get him.
Get Miriam Tollin.
She'll knock him both off.
Get Anthony into Palo Tano.
Hey, Anthony, over here, baby.
Stay on the rail.
Quit the, you know.
We got a few guys.
They're like not going to everybody in the field down.
Well, that's more fun.
Let's talk some harness racing.
What do you say?
Not.
Go for it.
Not.
Eddie, 106 Reverend Jones, 105.
One vote apart.
Gilbert, 94.
John Ba, 92.
Now, you know, as those four, they're like in a little bit of a horse race there.
By the time we come out of Marlify, I decided to come back.
You know, and God only knows what kind of, oh, I'm speaking to that.
When we come back from the break, remind me to tell you about Los Ambiography a couple of nights ago.
Oh, speaking of God only knows.
Was that a hint?
Billy Grant?
Huh?
Billy Grant?
No.
God only knows.
Brian Wilson, Beach Boys.
And the last part of that show, I had tears in my eyes.
I wasn't like weeping like a woman, like a drama queen, which I am.
But it was just, it was sad.
Joe Fimer, oh.
At the end, they showed him at the panel like recently, you know, like in this present state of vegetation.
Yeah.
And he was saying, God only knows.
And he was like, maybe want to cry.
And I did.
The dissass.
Court of view.
Joe Fimer, 42.
Prozac Ron.
I.
23.
The Jesus Christ guy, 21.
But what did I do to you guy, 20?
Blind Mike 18.
My, my, my look out now.
You're, may, may, may, may I let him get in guy 17?
I think he looked with B-fo.
He stole that line.
You're mailing it in.
Maybe it's B-fo's daddy.
The 25 cents slot guy, 10.
The S and P guy, 8.
The guy with the eye, 7.
And the Yorvan guy, Solomon take quadro.
Not too good.
I have to do a very spot.
See, I fake the out of the end, my Chris.
Yes.
You get nervous?
No.
Did you think that my all time, my old timers was kicking in?
No, never.
I don't want to get to carried away.
You know, I'm just not that I'm anxious for two or a clock to come.
I'll be honest with you, I don't have any, I mean, like this morning, I got to write up on a bed at the regular time,
but, you know, 7, 40 or whatever, isn't it?
It's not a problem.
And like George always says, any day that I actually get up out of bed is, it's a bonus.
That's right.
Just hearing your voice.
There you go.
Yeah.
It's the voice of, I don't got to do the show that day.
We get to week more people are taking advantage of meals, half price deals on WQAM.com.
And now it's time for another new restaurant offer starting this Thursday day after tomorrow.
You'll be able to buy a hundred dollar gift certificates for 50 bucks to the Blue Moon Fish Company's Coral Springs location.
The owner chefs the Blue Moon Coral Springs have set a masterful tone for dining in the most elegant a setting.
Specials include lobster and shellfish pan roast, sesame crusted big eye tuna looking right back after.
Nacodami and nut crusted chili and sea bass and Asian stir fry and peppercorn rubbed New York stir us sirloin.
You know how it says here, New York and why you are even Duff is falling into it.
It's just, it's really sad.
It's rubbing off peppercorn rubbed New York sirloin rubbed Duff with some peppercorn.
See what happens.
Real filet miny on herb corrected New Zealand rack of lamb and lots, lots more for all you meat lovers too.
The Blue Moon Fish Company in Coral Springs, you'll find them at 11317 Royal Palm Boulevard called 954-755-002 for reservations.
And thanks to you as truly by a hundred dollar gift certificates at a price and the store will be open.
This Thursday at noon right around noonish on WDQM.com and don't forget to ask because once those 50 are, is it 50 or 100?
100.
We have 100 of them?
Let's see.
I think 50.
Once they're gone, you're on your own.
Yeah, we have what?
50 hundred dollar ones.
This Thursday at noon at WDQM.com.
Up until now I thought Chris was okay.
Up until next.
The best house!
New York isn't ill-roder.
Ford even loves Neil Rodgers.
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation, Beachboy Brian Wilson is ready to release a collection of his latest compositions.
Thanks for uh, granting us this interview, Brian.
Neatly!
Brian, do you have any idea how retarded you sound?
Neatly!
Naaaattytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytytyty.
from this early Beach Boy recording session.
Hey man, did you like it?
Not in here.
Here.
Right here.
Man, okay.
Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Listen, okay.
You like it?
Oh, that's very nice, Brian.
Did you like it?
It was a little hard to dance too.
You like it?
Yeah, very nice, Brian.
The brilliant Wilson collection of burned out compositions.
Did you like it?
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Master Copy of the Elevel Now.
Aren't you, babe?
Did you like it?
Well, I've got to be going it.
Do you like it?
And the best part of the whole deal was that they, you know, already had a suit.
So we each other in the whole deal.
It was just the very sad.
Really, very sad.
And that last part, like I said, after they go through this whole horrible tale and
you're all, times him just, he spent like a year and a half in bed.
He never got out of bed.
That was just a story.
He spent a year and a half in bed.
And the one time he ever got out of bed was to go do his business, I guess.
But that was it.
We don't know that for sure.
I mean, he might have used the bed name.
He might have said, well, maybe he was like Michael Jackson.
Maybe he was too lazy to go do his business in the business room.
Maybe he didn't bed, you know.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
We ought to ask him.
He like it.
Maybe I do.
But there at the end of the show, there he is sitting at the piano.
And he's just singing a capella.
You know, it's pathetic.
He's singing into a microphone.
God only knows.
And it's like a shadow of a human being.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You'll have to see it.
It's a great channel, by the way, Bography.
You have it?
Sure.
A lot of the cable systems they charge are premium for our Bography, which I think is criminal.
I think history, channel, biography ought to be mandatory.
They're on there for free.
Okay.
All cable systems.
Or somebody should raise holy hell.
They have no interest in educating anyone.
Oh, I'm sorry.
1046 on the pole.
Our goal is 1050.
Okay.
When the twin towers were hit, writer Peter Lance watched in horror from a Santa Barbara
home.
His immediate concern was for his son, Christopher, whose high school was just a few blocks
from ground zero.
After learning his son was safety, we're going to investigate the journalist.
He turned his focus to answering two questions.
How did this happen and could it happen again?
After a decade in Hollywood, working as a screenwriter and novelist, Lance, a graduate
of Columbia Journalism School and Fordham Law School, returned to the journalism
veteran, him five news, Emmy awards, and began investigating the FBI's actions and inaction
in years before 9-11.
His findings have not been promising.
The FBI hasn't reformed itself.
They can't do now what I can do with File Maker Pro and Google, connect the dots.
Lance, a former producer and correspondent on Nightline 2020 World News tonight tells
Ross Story.
He says the bureau is a failure at counterterrorism.
At the time of the attack, Lance was working on a showtime movie about the 1993 World
Trade Center bombing in its mastermind, Ramsey, Yusuf.
After the towers crumbled, Lance stirred his focus to the origins of 9-11 attacks.
His first post-9-11 investigative book, A Thousand Years for Revenge, traced Alcatas
planning for the attacks back to the 1993 bombing and approved Lance's that both operations
were directly linked and planned by Yusuf.
Lance's law background, he was an assistant in the New York County District Attorney's Office
as well finishing law school, helped him comb through thousands of court records while
researching the book.
The book attracted attention from the 9-11 commission which invited Lance to testify and
it became the basis for ABC's miniseries, the path to 9-11, which Lance says twisted
his findings to turn the FBI's failures into successes.
When I finally saw the manifestation of my work in this miniseries, I was sick and Lance
sent an interview, sick and as a bap puking his guts out, instead of using the book properly,
they vaguely distorted it.
That's right.
They distorted it.
Lance also accused the 9-11 commission of producing its report with undue influence
on the very agencies that dropped the ball and anticipating the attack, as testimony
which was delivered behind closed doors at FBI headquarters was reduced to a footnote
in the report he'd be saying.
After a lengthy legal battle over the rights to his work, Lance settled with ABC and then
ever composed a gag order to prevent him from speaking out with a miniseries air last
year.
Lance breaks his silence for the first time and outlines twisting of his work in an essay
published yesterday on Raw Story.
He reprints an email he received from the miniseries producer Cyrus Naurasut-Azté.
How do you know it's got all of all consonants?
Who claimed a thousand years for revenge with the only book ABC wanted, then we counts
how the producer appropriated his work with that compensation after he agreed to sell
the rights to a competing network.
Over the course of reporting and writing three books on the FBI, Lance has managed to trace
the origins of 9-11 plot to be 4-93 bombing.
After reviewing tens of thousands of pages of court transcripts and internal FBI documents,
and interviewing hundreds of sources, Lance is still pursuing the story behind the FBI's
work.
And Blight Daner played the wife, right?
She's good.
I like her.
Less than half the state voters have proved to the proposed constitutional amendment on the January
29 ballot that would create a super-homes that exempt the lower property tax of many homeowners,
well short of the 60% needed for the measure to pass, and two-thirds of voters say the
plan needs a lot more explanation, like, what is it?
What was that?
The survey of 1141 voters conducted September 3rd through 9th by the Quinnipiac University
shows if the vote were held today, the homestead exemption proposal would fail 47-22%.
Opponents will be happy that the level of support is dropped from 57-47%, 13-point short
of the margin needed for passage said Peter Ray Brown, assistant director of the Quinnipiac
polling institute, supporters, however, can take some heart that there remains a strong desire
for more tax cuts, and not that much sympathy for local government claims that they can't
lose the revenue.
But a beep bit of boop put about.
Do you understand it?
Nope.
Voters continue to give Republican governor Charlie Gay, Chris, high marks, with a 65% job
approval rating.
Oh, that's the firm is all-time high, 73% in July.
Chris remains more popular than most governors, and even gets a 64% approval from Democrats,
most of whom are Gay.
And while 55% say Chris has kept his campaign promises so far, 62% said they don't expect
property taxes to drop significantly during his term, but they'd like him because he's
a Gayblade.
He's a hell of a guy.
He's going to the party, I guess.
Right?
Sure.
And probably a fashion plate, even more so than I am.
I'm at it.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm at it.
Here's the result of the poll so far we have 1060 now.
I'm trying to think of what 1060 was.
I don't know.
Was it KMO X and that was 1130?
I don't know what 1060 was.
Do you?
No.
What would you know?
The 1020 was KBKA.
1030 was WBZ.
1040 I believe was WKXEL and Waterloo, Iowa.
KXEL and Waterloo, Iowa.
How do you like that?
I wouldn't be surprised if that's correct.
Not that anybody cares, but it goes to show you the kind of stuff that's stuck in your
brain as you become ancient and fossilized.
KXEL and Waterloo, Iowa.
Why would anybody want...
I mentioned Johnny Joe Bell knows about that place.
It's right up his alley, I bet.
Now that Neil has killed the calls, which chronic collar would you miss the most?
45%.
You know, it's been constant all day long.
You know, maybe a tentative of point up or down whatever.
But it's 45% almost half.
They hate them all.
477.
They hate all of you.
They wish you a wicked and speedy death.
Even the Goyom are going to show them all just to pray for you to croak all you chronic
collar.
Eddie 110 and Reverend Jones 110.
It's a dog fight, baby.
Oh, sorry.
I have a story on dog fighting if I have time.
It's a horse race.
When's the last time we had that?
A flat footed even Stephen Thai.
Eddie 110, Reverend Jones 110.
Gilbert 96.
He's running on their tail.
John Ba, 95.
He's running on Gilbert's ass.
Now, maybe you can explain to me which other ones that would get together and sit around and meet during the show and like hold a meeting.
Oh, Prozac Rohn and Dmitra Collins.
Daron Jamba.
Daron Grabinowski and Prozac Rohn.
Daron Daron Daron D-A-R-O and Daron.
Right.
Dora.
He's the Jamba guy and then Prozac Rohn is run.
And they would sit around and get together and then rub baby oil on each other's fat bellies and rub their bellies together and rub it on the phone too.
Call and get off.
The phone.
Yeah.
Gilbert 96.
John Ba 95.
Joel Fimer only 45.
Small potatoes.
You're like Frankie Pentangeli, Joel.
You're small potatoes.
With Daddy's money, Big Deal.
We're not impressed.
Prozac Rohn 23, a late addition but it didn't help.
Hi!
That Jesus Christ guy 22, the what did I do to you guy, Neil?
20.
Line Mike 18.
You're mailing it in guy 18.
Pretty weak.
I guess he thought he was very impressive, you know?
Because I talked about him a little bit.
That's what they want.
They want me to talk about them.
Sure.
And then they go, they write it in their diary.
Oh, Neil talked about me.
Are we the God to that son of a bitch?
Just like that.
The 25 cent slot guy, he's been stuck on 10 as in a dime.
Maybe he's playing the dime slots.
The S&P guy, eight, the guy with the eye seven and the Yovon guy,
he's been stuck on four since the Jesus was a baby.
And don't be talking about Yoschke, era of Russia, Shono, okay?
The Jews will get really upset about that.
Oh, he was Jewish.
That's a good poll question.
Would you invite?
Would you invite Jesus to a Passover Sater for our Jews and the audience?
Both of them.
I think we ought to do that ethnic thing again.
Now is it a religious thing?
Or, you know, how do we do that?
I don't know.
Let's do it both ways.
Both ways?
Yeah.
Why not?
Like Cuban and Indian and Hindu and Jews.
No, we can do it religiously.
Where are your people from?
What are you?
Where are your people from?
Break it down.
We can do it religiously one day and then an ethnic one another day.
That sounds like a cop out to me.
Good idea.
Hey, listen.
You know, as well as I do,
that the Do and the Several Show is a week, especially five.
Brutal.
The poll thing.
Although, you know, I've got a couple of good.
I got the one about the movies here.
I got the one about, in fact, the one for tomorrow.
I don't see that Eric has got it on there yet.
Nothing to switch.
Come on, fatso.
Not that I want to switch it now, but which do you think we'll see that as President first?
A woman?
African-American.
Not that this is going anywhere you understand that.
Right?
That's the case suggesting anything.
A gay man or woman, none of them, or I don't care about politics.
So basically, you know, you think it's going to be Hillary.
You think it's going to be Barack Obama.
Neither one of them, or I don't give a crap.
I don't feel so bad about it.
I don't give a crap anymore like I used to.
I used to think, oh, these people are such morons.
What are they going to get involved?
And involved in doing what?
When you vote in Florida, and that's another thing.
I'm bringing a thing about the Democratic Party of Florida.
You know, I'm trying to move the primary out.
Mm-hmm.
Be there everybody else.
And so that, you know, unless something changes,
the National Democratic Committee says,
hey, guess what?
We're not going to recognize Michigan and Florida,
your delegates at the convention.
So that would mean in the primary is the Florida voters.
All of you people, your votes would mean squat.
Nothing.
Wouldn't count.
Because you wouldn't get any delegates.
Brilliant.
Well, you know, Florida's got a way of doing it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
The ethnic way.
That's right.
Just like we do here at QAM, there's the right way to do it.
Then there's the wrong way to do it.
And then there's the QAM ethnic way to do it.
And then there's the Joel Feinberg way of doing it,
which is devious and dishonest and demented,
delusional, delusional, baby, in a dream world.
I wouldn't work for you if you paid me five million
of your cash up front.
All the way, let's give it a shot.
Oh, it's day.
If I ever have a job.
Absolutely.
I have five.
Go go go go.
I love you, QAM.
They do their target out of their guys.
Are usually hiding from what they realize?
They want their goals in a healthy society.
If you know, don't swear.
Let's have it as more and more, we'll still be there near.
When talking about sports.
While drinking up beer, they desire a course to be a sub.
This is queer horse and yellow jotscrat.
Yellow jotscrat.
Yellow jotscrat.
And we're going to hear sports all day.
Yellow jotscrat.
Yellow jotscrat.
The body's been here for something I have been gay.
Anyone who wants to hear his sports will sneak in day.
His dream is battle not to rule.
Who's the shower's face?
Yellow jotscrat.
They have a foot dog who's what a gay made played.
And some of these kids with the hurdy gangs
you talk about it all the time.
And she was bagging on my brain.
You like yellow jotscrat.
Shooting and burning out warning shows.
No one's right.
Shooting and burning out warning shows.
No interest in learning about radio.
560 WQAM.
