The music spread all I can say about those of the ghosts.
So I can say that.
And do not reflect those of the beastly black test group.
That's because they got a bad cold, but I can't say too much more other than that.
Right.
Let's do that for our days.
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Something else I thought you were eating already.
No way.
I've got to change my evil ways.
Hillary.
When I can't play with you, I've got to change.
Hillary.
Hope you believe me cause it ain't true.
You're tired of me.
Corousand and messing around.
Don't throw the china.
Cause that makes me feel like it clumped this kinkled wall.
Lord knows I've got to change.
Hillary.
While I'm on stopin' with you.
Won't work with any broads, but you I'll try to change.
Hillary.
Every word I hope you think is true.
I gave up Monica and Jennifer and Paula for you.
So kindly take your fat high heel.
I'll help my wife through this cagal.
Lord knows I'll never change.
Oh, come on.
You can't pour the leopard like me to change my smile.
You have to skin me, baby.
Yes, skin this 10-0-2-560 WM.
I don't know.
This cold is swollen pretty fast.
That's good.
Good thing tomorrow will be fine is wine.
Or maybe not.
Maybe I'll be out sick.
Maybe I'll be out sick today in about 5 minutes.
You never know.
You never do.
And of course that jolly joe bill.
This man is such a good.
I mean goofball.
He's just amazing.
I don't want to go into a whole thing with that.
I just don't have the energy for it.
I don't have the voice.
Oh, and what was Kimmibou camper there going on about that power hour hour hour hour hour hour hour.
That's what we got.
We got mad dog up to power hour hour with Hank into mad dog together 4-5.
talking about sports and don't you ever forget all you people out there WQA was a lot more than just the freaking neo-Roger show some
Fatal Fag on a radio okay, it's a lot more than that
Henry Goldberg by himself five to seven pants and preview of seven o'clock Panthers at the kind of the end
They froggy's at seven o'clock tonight seven thirty is a game time and
We don't you want nobody?
Yes, can read over and I know of course the Kenny and Vaughn morning show with the square table and the round table and the
Diagonal table and the podium and all of these
From seven to ten I left out the big O didn't I well?
That's easy to do block solid is here's the pull from yesterday
Well if if I make I thought I did okay yesterday considering a race or cold everything outside it find
Oh, don't don't start kissing up so bad. What's with you guys? It was spectacular
phenomenon
Just the fact that you were under talking at all. Yeah, no, it's only a cold
It's not like I got like very very or T. B. Or something. I just got like a little head cold
Just stay on that tee you'll be fine. I'm doing my tea right here. I got my splendid. It's just blended
Anyway, here's the poor result for me today. I'm just biting my tongue because I have I don't know
Remember what I was saying to you about five minutes ago. Yeah, we'll keep biting until you taste blood
No, okay, now I'm just I'm just in that kind of a mood today. I'm just ready to like
I don't know anyway. Here's the pull result
We had 1457 vote. That's not too bad considering which living game at today's pool
I apologize already it was an easy I was under the weather. I had the cold. I've been sleeping for a zillion hours and
It's one of those things it was in the pile and I figured well it's a crappy pull on really blows but
You know somebody sent it in
Yeah, they did and we got six sixty on there already
We'll never get a thousand votes today on that thing and that turkey if we get a thousand on that I'm taking another month off
Which living gay or by person you most admire we are just in fact
Why don't we do that gay or not gay? Well, we do the around table the diagonal table
Okay, now it sounds like you're picking on the kidney and boom warning show
That's a good one. You do have his or it's myself and you should the audience should know that I went to the great expensive buying Josh
Of course a hundred I spent a hundred bucks to buy a brand new flavor wave to Luxovan and he'll have it right
It'll just come into your name. All right. I always do that because I know you'll there's a chance you'll get stuff
That comes there. I'm not sure if he'll get it or not about a 50 50 chance right
So if it shows up it'll be in your name probably next week and he came in this morning and we just have seen
Like that and he finally admitted he loves me like very therapy. I love you Josh. What it was very therapy
It really was how we get a much shocked. I mean for a hundred bucks boy. That's really something had to get a moist towel
That which living gay or by first new most admired of course it's still good the legendary old queen of the radio
575 votes almost 40% of the audience admired me like crazy. I
Hate this poll 143 party bag Frank 129 from Massachusetts. I hit all fags 100 6.8 percent. Well, guess what we hate you too
All of you 100 people live out of right. I hate all fags. We hate you like poison. We are hector phobic. Okay
Elton John 86
Groove at all 80 he should have won he should have beat my pants off
David Bowie 51 martina nabrak to Lovah 40
Billy Jane King that big old bull bike 33 Charlie Chris gay your Florida governor 27th
He was on the wall ago. They were talking about those choose life
Licensed plates and all this crap and he was going better beep but a boop but about and he kind of ran away
Away Rhymes with a gay Charlie Chris 27 year gay governor princes got 25 Ian McKellin
I still have no idea who that is 23 don't watch that movie with Ian home
I won't that I warned you about that really is a turkey Tom Cruise. Hey Tommy
23 she's tied with the Ian McKellin
Rosie I don't I'm never gonna make four hours today. There's no way. We're gonna have to play a lot of long stuff
There you go blow your nose. I don't have to let something my nose the nose is not a promise my throat
Can't hear a scratch I am I'm scratchy sound a little stuffy
Little stuffy, but mostly scratchy. I'm taking a core seedin to the stuff
And if you have high blood pressure, you can still take it but it helps a little bit
I think maybe the teal to it. So what I'll do is I get a long
Sheer just to start on gallons of tea during the show
Rosie of Donald 21 Madonna 17
Richie I got to tell you a terrible so it's not a terrible story, but just
Speaking of drinking too much tea or anything
So a friend of mine who works for he's a computer programmer for a bank here
mm-hmm and
He they went to Vegas on a convention last week
So for the first three days he had a stay with one of the supervisors from his the bank
They had a share room at Caesar's okay and he wasn't too crazy about that
So last the couple nights he was there. I got a room at the MGM
Okay, so anyway he comes back yesterday last night he comes up more talk and he tells me the
grotesque story about how
Got up one morning and the supervisor went in the tea room and was in there for like 45 minutes
All of a sudden my friend his bladder is just like bursting and he's got to like yeah, I don't know if I can say
I say he's got a urinate and so he had a pee on the comforter on the bed because he just couldn't hold it no more
I've got a much worse story than that which I don't I don't know if I want to say it on the air again
This happened to me yesterday because I'm taking all this cold medicine and stuff in the tea, you know
Okay
I don't I mean I'll kind of shock from that pee another comforter story, you know, I don't I don't think I've ever heard a such a thing
Well, what was he gonna do?
Go out and use the the restroom in the lobby there in the lot or and he was at Caesar's right?
I pooped my pants. I understand
Yeah, I've been to Caesar's they have restrooms all over the place. Well, he's lucky in his underwear and everything
I guess he didn't have enough time to let get fully clothed and go out and find where the tea room was he just
He was bursting and at any rate. What are you knocking my buddy? Who's a good guy by the way? Not knocking them at all
I just
Well, he peed on the comforter. That's and and in my case I pooped my pants
I went over to the drugstore to get some of course Eden
I don't want to tell the story just I mean I've already been through this once before and people are gonna say oh my god
He's pretty soon. He's gonna be wearing a bag, you know or ought to I
Shouldn't know I would not ought to and then I got back in and my luck I
Get to the elevator and there's some Muslim woman with her 87 children
She's like getting them all on one elevator. There was no chance anybody else to get down there
So the door finally closes and I'm doing the green apple quick step now already I've already lost
I don't know how to say it delicately. You know what I'm saying?
Uh-huh in other words, I don't smell too good at this point
There's some seepage and oh beyond that
Yeah more like that and I get on the elevator with this young guy who we listen to building on it
I don't know how old he was. Thank God. He wasn't really good looking that would have really made me ill ill
But this is a guy gets on air with me and I'm and I'm oh boy. I'm hovering over against the side of the elevator
You know what I mean is yeah as far as I possibly can I hit my door he is his name
Finally I get off of there. Oh, I just so embarrassing because I pooped my pants
Well, that's happens once maybe over a few years
You have a little hand to do with all this tea and with the medication in the cold
Yeah, but listen thanks to Larry King and now that astronaut adult diapers are all the rage I understand
They're coming up with a new line in all different color
Oh, I guess it depends it got plaid the how bad the problem is well today. I'm just fine
It's a nice paisley. Brazil down on 21 Madada 17 the immaterial bitch Richie Simmons 14. What an idiot he is
I better not tell us to rigging about how you dayn there choke me to that time at IZ
What an idiot savor was mafruized nine speaking of you fairy Queens Charles Nelson Riley. She's got eight
I'm surprised that eight people even remember who was she is
Used to be on Broadway Charlie 100 years ago. He was in by by birdie back in the early 50s
Mm-hmm, and then of course he was in on all the quesos mostly match game right
Mick Jagger 7 Greg Lucena 7 David Geffen that was me yesterday Greg
Lucena David Geffen 7 Katie Lane 5 John Amici 5 he came out of the closet well good for him
Miss Jack Horkheimer. She's got five
So Tonto Chinkway boy George for Calvin Klein 3
I'm not all I crazy about Calvin Klein before some of those models some of those pictures. Yeah, it's good taste I guess wow
Man during AC even under the weather like this. I'm still an old pervert. That's just me. I can't help it
I make no apologies. It's anything by the way. I'm just them just me
George Michael 3 Larry Kramer 2 Dave co-paid to used to play for these San Francisco 49ers and then after his retirement
Of course he wrote a book came out of the closet tab 102 young love could he sing a little or what no not even a little and Whitney Houston one
Well, you know it might hurt much and of course what's to admire she can't sing she's a real
Psychotic a psycho bitch and
Other than that and she don't look all like a but put those ingredients together now take a look at today's pool
It's one of the worst polls ever. Let's do the break first though. I think I'll make it through today all four hours
What do you think I think you will? I?
Just can't believe I did that again. That's that's about I don't know maybe four or five times in my life
I've had that experience but that that's one of the things all you young people have to look forward to when you get old you start
And it really wasn't so much losing control. It was just I guess it was I don't know how you describe it
Then of course as you get closer to home, uh-huh your mind's playing the trick and like oh, okay
Okay, now your body can just let go. No, no not yet. Oh, yeah, they call it barn shy. That's what a horse
On the last leg of the trip there the last leg. Yeah
The horse decides it wants to run back home there man
I had that washing machine going pretty fast. I was in that shower fasted. You can say holy moly rat man
You had a barge out of that because then Joe Belgen all upset and send me another email about our website and
Don't know. Yeah. Hey Joe. You're such a pansy man. It's I'm supposed to be the queen
But you're such a pansy of candy as 1013 at 560 WQ beware of exploding balls
You'll tell you that you're glaring and you're water to wine
Jump on open's captain and peel the plant make more those fishes when they're on any lift
Are these things on near a close a special fix?
Jesus Christ the Scientology
That's what they say
Tom Cruise will be
Jesus Christ the Scientology
For give yourself permission impossible free
Jesus Christ the Scientology
Now we'll get a room for finally
See
Tom Cruise is Jesus Christ
Say it about it doesn't sound right
Jesus Christ the Scientology
Okay, 1018 at 560 WQM
I just I've been into a public service here for my close personal friends out there in radio land
He just emailed me and asked me about Prague I didn't go to Prague friend my in fact the same my same friend that peed on the
Comforter and Vegas this last weekend or last week
He went to Prague last summer and said it was a beautiful city great
Now you've never been there of course because you've never been anywhere to play and I mean you know and of course I bet you
Chris hasn't been to Prague either have you no sir. I haven't so maybe the colors can call it and give us some tips because I don't want to
You know I sent back a message myself but then again what do I know well what do I know about what's up anything?
Ha ha ha what any camera down with but it would be a nice thing I guess there's some kind of a special deal at one of the
Airlines's got ongoing a Prague and it's a I hear a beautiful place
The Czech Republic it's one of the few places by the way they don't use the Euro the Euro they don't have their own
Parenthood I just thought I would mention that well just one of those things so maybe some of our audience has been
To Prague and they can give a little travel log and whether they would highly recommend it or etc and so on maybe or maybe not
We'll see five six seven oh five sixty
Five sixty they've arrived in a singular wireless launch. Yeah, oh easy. I am I can like turn the whole and that way because it means I don't have to read a bunch of stuff that we do that right
Which is a real benefit to me especially in one of the fact that I got number one that I got the cold even as you know
Legendary as I am and now I can't find that damn thing
I just got through playing it about fifteen times and also I was gonna say I pooped my pants
See one thing I discovered in life. It's a lot easier to cut short verbal diarrhea than it is actual physical you know what I'm saying yeah
The verbal diarrhea you can just cut it right off cut the crap but in real life W.A.M. Travel log hello
Hello. Yes sir. What is this? This is Neil who you call him?
Yeah, you guys see the movie the illusion is with Edward no
You might want to check it out. Okay good. What's that kept it without him talking about see I don't I don't care about it
I mean Ed Norton is good. I like Ed Norton. What was that movie he was in where he played the American history acts?
Oh God, I love that movie. That was very very good heavy excellent heavy duty man sure but
Probably nobody in this audience has been deprived because we got a bunch of dead heads. I don't know what's all about you think the phones would be smoked
Wouldn't you would like some valuable information? You know everyone's not all we get lucky but but no but that's it but not in their
I don't know when you the whole reason that I keep bringing it up is because once upon a time you had all these phone calls about Prague from people in the audience
Right. Oh, it's great. You should see it in the capital of Bohemia when they were ever here. I was gonna go but I just you know in my advanced
stage my traveling I'm cutting it way down especially the multi city trips and stuff. I wasn't even good on the one city trip this last time. I just couldn't handle it. Just the
Too old and cranky and whatever cranky. But thank you. In fact cranky. But thank you was at the Cubs game when Harry was alive very often five six seven
O five sixty and pound five sixty on the horizon that that guy that did the Harry curious stuff he was great. Didn't we meet him when we were in
Chicago that time. Well I'm asking you you were there for about five minutes. So what do you know W.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hey. The middle. No. Prague. You know what they. Yeah. Yeah.
All right. It's two and that was good. No answer audience would expect Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes sir. I traveled to Prague two summers ago. I have a musician that I toured out there and the architecture is amazing and you can get a lot of food for
really cheap. Yeah. But hold on to your stuff because there's a lot of theft crime. A lot of pick pockets. Yeah. Well I like Amsterdam. Same. We got our tour band broken into while we were playing the show.
But other than that. Okay he's going to be in that. These people are real conversation was today you know like I said I'll keep me from having to read all his
crap. Not because they. So what would you make of what he just said what huh exactly that's what I would make of. I mean kind of a mix bag. Good food for
you. That's what I heard that's what my buddy here told me there was just one of the most beautiful places he's ever seen the buildings are beautiful in the scenery and well it all depends on what you're into you know right.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you? I'm getting there. Okay well I went to Berlin and from Berlin I took a train to Prague and Prague is awesome. It's an awesome city. A lot of fun. And this is for George the most smoking girl.
I've ever seen in the world. Love smoking girl even even more even more so than in Berlin you'd light them up. Oh yeah. Oh yeah beautiful beautiful.
Blanc blue eyes. So I would recommend that anybody go to Prague before it gets to to crowd. Okay thanks pal thanks. Okay there you go it's son and that's what I've heard I've heard nothing bad about it and you know I would go for it I grab it I grab that ticket so fast fast and
grant to Christmas is what I would do. That's my advice pal but I'm sure we'll get some conflicting reports here five six seven see this is good this is really isn't so much better than my sitting here and
puking my guts I've got a whole pile of very important stuff here like the six hundred and fifty let's see how many oh 165,000 eggs that's filled on the highway in northern Virginia for talk about a
gigantic omelette maybe you can explain this to me I'll do my best. No seriously because you know I've told you over the years I don't like eggs I can't stand it except in
an omelette I love omelettes all right. Oh excuse me. I'm gonna take her leave eggs only on the other but eggs eggs you know some people think it's food but it's not. I mean don't like running eggs my God in fact while I'm
having this cold there's worse stuff coming out of my nose or similar I have to be in the good not better be just right hard boiled eggs and oh man but in omelette I love I just love me
an omelette okay for whatever that means in fact I think maybe I'll go today before we get the big snowstorm gonna be a big snowstorm here finally the
saptanume tonight tomorrow gonna get the now they said 20 to 25 centimeters and I found I looked it up a centimeter is like
0.38 of an inch so 25 centimeters would be about 8 to 10 inches of snow that would be like almost a foot and of course an upstate New York all over
upstate New York which is hell it's hell all new people let's say all your from Rochester was so great Rochester was so great about
upstate New York it's sucked let's be honest okay much of farmers I heard it was cold although I will say it's pretty
damn cold here too I will say this and that is that in my high school canada go academy man there were some of the best
looking people male female someone not really too sure of that you'll ever seen your life I mean wow one thing about
those farm people you know they tend to look really really good like when I told you about Omaha you were kind of
about that no no it was not all my college world series days when I was doing you in baseball those six seasons and five
the five years in a row we went to Omaha right I was shocked I was like you like the real why because it's a rural country yeah
40 people man well 30 people in Omaha whoa I think they were then anyway I caught into those kinds of areas and people yeah but you do
mm-hmm so at any rate we'll find out more about prox you know no charge for that on the show for your close
personal friends 26 past see I I need to be put away for a long time don't I don't need some serious
help maybe some therapy you know like a couch talk to somebody where some depends you know and yeah I don't
know I just I'm just not the same anymore it's in its your fault you know I'm not the same are evil plan worked
is that what it is well in spite of you I got my two good buddies on there and my life is just fine
despite you see so yeah how you doing with that anime stuff by the way better get Sabrina on that all
right I will get on that for my get a package going yeah but you do moon and nights from the inner core of the moon
so
listen up your because this is it the Donald is singing and it's delicious
trump delicious definition guy who's kind of local got lots of money married a hearty roses
of that home or don't you try me you can't buy me I am cheesy kindness lazy and I don't like
slugs like Rosie and I'll never say I'm sorry
trump delicious
trump delicious yeah I can be vicious and I am quite ambitious if you say I am fictitious you can kiss
it Trump's rub I don't take it from big pigs and my hair is not awake do you hear me do you
think it's delicious I'm not
I'm not
delicious
the money is rock rock
delicious everyone wants what I got
delicious
nasty nasty
to the
you and I am so nasty
to the you and I am so nasty
to the you and I am so nasty
to the you and I am so nasty
yeah amen it's 1032 or 560 WQ
a.m. big good service with him I guess that's it on the calls about the
progress anything else with that matter I thought we're going to get a real
a real
huh
what do you think that this audience would have some rock monis knowing that I have
very little voice at this point all on drinking this tea this crap very tea
whatever it is you should have done a pole building show today
and I would have been a really good idea here I never even did this pole
did I read the result yet no no but just in case there's any more progress
reports 560 05 60 pound 560 in the Verizon
signal wireless line so even the guy that the musician ahead is a crap
ripped off a letter I mean that's that can be true in any European city
pick pockets but unlike American cities you're not going to get murdered you're not
going to get like a beat in the crap out of or like in Mexico they won't just
take out the middle of a nowhere and you disappear like dead
yeah that's a good vacation yeah
766 votes who might make a thousand today
what do you think Neil wears while doing his daily show this is the worst
poll I apologize I probably get an email from Joe Bell today saying what kind of a
crappy poll was that and I'll respond and say well if you Joe
what do you think Neil wears while doing his daily show his briefs and
t-shirt 220 seems to be winning hands down
not true I'm not wearing no t-shirt and let me see what the temperature is it's
colder than which is a toenail it is for easing let me take a look
minus 16 Celsius what's that wicked is what it is it's brutal what is minus
16 and the high is going to be minus 11 then we're going to get snowed it
would stay where I'm going to rip this thing apart so that you can do it
that's a high-convict part minus 16 Celsius yes is like 10 degrees
close more like I'm a bit like eight seven eight Fahrenheit oh man so it's
then but I'm not wearing no t-shirt so that's wrong 222 say is recent
t-shirt no guard about the stockings that would be lovely 70
oh why not oh I'm going to start that tomorrow guard a belt in stockings
I would be real fashion queen I hate this poll a 67 what we hate to only
boxes which is the correct answer 67 I mean I've talked about it on the
year for what five years now for a little bit slow there was a period of
time when I was wearing a t-shirt but I got it this you know the artificial
heat that's the one thing I hate about winter more than anything else on
North and that is artificial heat it dries out your sinuses you know and
holding hold I don't like well you need you a wood burn and stove yeah only box
for 67 shorts and a Hawaiian shirt 65 they got me confused with my friend Dick
Feinberg at Pompa no Park his bathroom 62 my bat robe Tom Brady football
jersey 50 that would be bad brown quarter was in a plaid shirt 36 because I'm in
Canada a no I do have brown quarter was there although they are the ones that
swish together the legs when you walk you told me about that now I feel bad
the fact those are the ones I was wearing yesterday when I had that
episode I say well why am I telling that on the years nothing they were
brown quarter voice if they were when they started they sure were my time I got
up here I'll tell you that that was so bad it would it was bad enough but why did
this kid have to get on the elevator with me you know in other words just get
another elevator we got eight million elevators my building but he had
to you know that's how God worked and I don't know whether he could whether
he was getting drifted better you know I mean I kept kind of like looking like oh
geez were you watching his face did he have a good poker face going anyway
brown quarter was in a plaid shirt 36 a valour sweatsuit 31 not on nothing
el Nudo 27 would not be something let me just let me just see this check
with public sounds more sketchy than Italy or England or France sketchy what
does that mean sketchy that means the eyes answers unclear at the moment I don't
know what they mean I in fact this this message I got here sounds sketchy to me
you're gonna have to elaborate a little bit more pal I don't know what that means
don't be a worst man do not be a worse well it's fact speaking of that I don't
I don't want to go into it
hmm it was a Jacob thing remember that oh yeah yeah what I was saying he didn't want
to travel abroad because of all the terrorism and I don't know please at any rate
that was that was him a valour sweatsuit 31 right nothing 27 it wouldn't be lovely
if I was sitting here doing the show in the nude absolutely not you night gone
24 only a jock 21 what I get the wrong show for that our sports nerds were a
jock strap during the show including the Humper and I want to see that
woo that was about heavy duty night down 24 only a jock 21 tan slacks and navy
blazer 15 tuxedo 7 would not be comfortable 3p suit 3 and a night shirt 1 like
Ebenezer Scrooge remember that in a Christmas Carol he was wearing that night
night shirt is that what they call out a night shirt a night shirt with a night cap
with a night cap with nothing wrong with little night cap
I don't think that Czech Republic is sketchy or anything fishy or whatever
I mean in fact anywhere you can go in here could turn out to be a little if it's
some backwater place but Prague is not a backwater place and in addition to which
if I was going to Prague I'd also make a side trip to Budapest you know what I'm
saying mm-hmm just got a message here it's blank well that's not that's not going to get the job
on sweetheart it's blank it's got no words on it maybe let's say maybe that's the
message I don't know I just don't get it well like less safe oh less safe it says
or scary off the beaten path no it is not off the beaten path it is not scary and
it is not in fact I have a feeling in the other room I have all these travel books
because I was going to go to Prague and maybe I give it to my buddy who went
there last summer but I have a feeling I may have a copy of it there and when I come
back what I'll do is I'll read the entire book on Prague between now and to a
club no just just in terms of safety and that's the I don't think so I think Amsterdam is
a little more scary as far as pickpocket stuff like that especially if you hang
up behind central station I'll still believe if I let it had any brains that's
what I would have done why didn't I do that do what instead of coming back
here although I have no regrets I had a good time losing money at the wood buying I
needed the rest because otherwise I'd have probably had pneumonia but I was such a
big issue I could have could it because I flew to Amsterdam before I flew here it's
there you know there's no direct flight from Berlin when you go to Berlin they have
two airports one is Tegel which is where the international flights mostly go
which is where I flew in and out and the other is Templehof now Tegel Airport to
me it looks like a post office when the plane is pulling up to the first of all it
doesn't pull up to the gate you have to it's like the old fashioned used to be in
Italy this way in Amsterdam very often you the plane would stop it had a parking
spot and you get out on those Ricki Ricki a steer and you have a bus that would
take into the terminal and then Templehof here for which I don't even know if it's
still open in Berlin it looks like a small post office like maybe in Geneva New
York post office but I wouldn't be scared to go to a Prague at all in fact I hear
it's a beautiful place what will get color to before the zone in fact look at all the
calls on there now if I feel like it maybe I'll take some and if not I'll get my
travel book well anyway that's good I needed that that helped me tremendously I
appreciate very much the fact that you know I'm not going to sit here read all this
crap for four hours maybe only for like two hours it'd be good because then I'm
sure you appreciate it too because if I have to do that who knows if I'll be back
here tomorrow again oh boy maybe I'll just top out a plane go to Prague you know what I was
saying is I should have probably spent the rest of my vacation back in Amsterdam I
feel so much at home there you know and I will say this to you when you travel a lot
like your favorite cities like when I go to a Roma oh I love Rome and because I've
been here about 70 times I feel at home like almost like I live there and of
course Amsterdam I did live there for those two summers and so I know it like
the back of my ass I mean just feel like I'm right at home you know what he said
what he said I don't know I have no idea I mean in coherent I'm just got the
cold I mean if I could talk well I wouldn't feel really all that bad except that I
have this trepidation about this 85 feet of snow we're going to get tonight in the
tomorrow not good and of course tomorrow supposed to be would by Wednesday I have a
feeling that may be canceled for tomorrow could be would not be bad well you know I
have a good time there but I don't think it's really worth risking my life on a
highway to uh to go to would buy can you rent a snowmobile and that's not a bad
idea or maybe I can get the RCMP the Royal Canadian Mounties could come in yeah
take me on a sled would be good a sleigh ride a sleigh ride oh there's speaking
of going on a sleigh ride there's John Bolton with a actually so he asked mustache
for what a crazy person that's one thing about the world almost every country is
run by crazy people you know the most family in Britain and Kim Jong Il and
Madina Jod and A.O. who'd ormurt and George W and all these crazy people they
run the world
We are
are
and
and
First thing I said when my plane finally landed, was to be home
Next thing I said to my best friend was, let's get us on
We drank some beer, pulled up with some bass
It seemed like luck would finally be kind of sane
But I got a letter of fixer prize, something I could not believe
I had to go back to that place where they shoot at me
Leave all the comforts of home
Place where they injured, killing each other
Don't know what they think can be done
The dirt tour of duty is pretty insane
But you never knew it before, got to go back to the floor
I'm doing great, 1047-560WQMShire
Don't have my prize travel book anyone know why
I gave it to my friend who went there last summer
Since I didn't go, what else did I mean to my prize travel book
Which is probably a good thing for the audience
Because if I did have it, I would waste their time, the rest of the show
Bap bap bap bap bap, you know reading all that stuff
And if they wanted to be read the next day we would call in
And you know, my friends asked about, do they speak a lot of English there
Anywhere you go is a popular tourist destination
In hotels, wrist arantes, whatever, strip joints, wherever you're going to be going
That will speak plenty of English
In fact, they're multi-sensual and multilingual as what they generally are
No matter what
Even in Roma when you go into one of the proctories they have like little baskets
And they have like menus in English, in Chinese, in Sanskrit
Whatever, whatever you want they got it
Esponule, Piccadepin
WQAM, hello
You go and you're with the proctor
What did I just get to say in my psychic powers are really scary
That's not the perfect time
He said it was really very very good
Yeah, he would have had a whole lot of fun today
That spelled with an H
And he thought it was just a recording this whole time
WQAM, hello
Yes
For the crowd now
Uh huh
WQAM, hello
WQAM
Hey Neil, sorry you're here and you're not feeling too well
I'm okay, I just got a little cold, you know
Could be
Yeah
Well I had come home because I had to tell you this, I've been listening for forever in a day
And you're like my travel guru
I did Italy, I did Amsterdam
Even went to Toronto in February, which still had to rethink that one
But uh enjoy it all three days
And next month I'm going to do Prague, Budapest, and Vienna
Oh, which choice? I don't know about Vienna, but Prague and Budapest, I mean I think it's pretty good
Well, we're going to go by train and then a couple days in each city
And you're absolutely right, they say it's beautiful
The exchange rates and Prague and Hungary are terrific
And the people are friendly, no problems if you just speak English
And they're great places from what I hear
And I'll give you a full report when I get back
Okay, I have a great time, Palli
You'll better
Thanks
Well there you go, he hasn't gone yet, but he's on his way
There's another full suggestion look at this
A depressing poll
What will be
How do you like that?
Here it comes
What?
Pfft
Plot of gusto
Oh a puse, that's my favourite puse
Anyway, can I get back to this? Sure
What will be the cause of the end of the human race is the poll?
Oh a brother, I think too much Fortstock I think is the end of that
And here's the other one for today's poll says, you forgot the best choice for the poll
I've dealt diapers.
All right.
Especially after yesterday.
Well, I don't want to let story no more on air.
It was just one of those things.
It happens to the best of us and the worst of us.
And all you punk's out there, you just, like I told you,
that's something you can look forward to someday down the road.
A heavy load down the road.
Hopefully not too heavy of a load.
Oh God.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
WDQAM, hola.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
Glad you're back from vacation.
George, you were saying something about Grayson.
Could you give me the correct website and the spelling of it
so I can see what's going on?
I was talking about what?
Grayson?
Grayson, yes.
He R-A-Y-S-O-N.
What is that?
It's a movie that will never be made about Robin.
Thank you very much.
You bet.
I'm a good guy.
A movie about what?
Robin.
He needs to search for Grayson, the movie.
About Robin.
Robin as in Batman and.
Oh my God.
Oh, that's right.
His name was Dick Grayson.
Correct.
Was Adam West.
Not Adam West.
It was Per Orr.
What's his name?
Bert Wart.
No, no, I'm not talking about that.
What was Batman's real name?
Bruce Wayne.
Bruce Wayne in Dick Grayson as correct.
And of course, we know he was his ward.
Not his pedophile.
We know that.
That is correct.
Now let's see what we got in this pool.
I'm a little incoherent today.
We got 9, what?
8, 11.
Oh, we'll get a thousand easy today.
Chris, I don't know what you're so negative about.
I'm so impressed that Josh Corters came in there this morning
and told me that he loved me.
That was one of the most, you know, it was touching.
Yeah, he was touching it.
I don't think there's any question about that.
He loves me.
Well, that's because I got that flavor wave on the way.
Everybody loves me.
They don't want to admit it.
But I know it.
I can feel I can smell it.
Because love's things.
That's what somebody wants to say.
WQA, QAM, hello.
Shit, I'm a motherfucker.
What a shame for him.
What a bad, bad unfortunate shame, you know.
5670560.
Pound 560 and they've arrived in Cigula, wireless line.
In fact, in all the tourist places I can think of,
well, I mean, not of all of them.
But in Europe, I can't think of too many places
where I'd be afraid to go.
You know, like maybe a Moscow.
I don't know if I really want to go there.
Would you want to go there?
To Moscow?
Yeah, see the Ruskys?
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, sure.
Like Frankie Pantangeli said.
Yeah, sure.
You know, that happened in place.
A lot of people, I mean, I don't know.
By the way, Brandon, I don't care about Vince McMahon
and Donald Trump and the WWE and all this wrestling stuff.
He just driving me nuts with the wrestling crap.
It's a good man, but he just obsessed
with that wrestling garbage.
I hope that he does get his PC-anked off though, Donald Trump.
I rather see him fight Jimmy McMahon.
That would be good.
56670560, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Very weak response here today, I'm just a travelogue.
And that's because most of you don't have
a lot of passport, you haven't been anywhere.
Very sad.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM!
WQAM, hello.
I just have my dad.
Well, congratulations.
You're on the club.
QAM, hello, not there.
And finally, WQAM, Ola.
Hi, I'm Mr. Emil.
Speaking, yes.
Hi.
Yeah.
Emil, I just got to say, I like the product very much.
Especially it's good for two bands, it's like things as they have a lot of older
synagogues and things like that that Hitler wanted to keep at the race as they
estimate to an extent great.
Very interesting.
So there's a lot to see there then?
There's a lot to see there.
Yeah, there's a lot to see there.
The people, good looking people, good music, good food, good beer, very good beer.
Huh.
Yeah.
And how much English?
No problem with the language?
No, no problem at all.
No problem at all.
I went to similar to that last call, right?
This is Vienna's Prague Budapest thing.
And I wasn't too big on Vienna, I don't know.
It didn't do it for me.
How did you go on?
That's where the Nazis were in Austria anyway.
But what about Budapest?
Budapest, I have a family history there.
I really liked it.
And you know, it's kind of, it might feel like it's not quite this Prague, but it's very interesting as well.
I would highly recommend that area of the world to anybody.
In fact, Budapest is supposed to be the new porno headquarters of all of Europe is what I'm told by those who
know such disgraceful lines.
Budapest, yes.
Yeah, they did have some pretty good late night television.
Pretty, pretty spicy.
Well, on graphic action, that was pretty interesting.
I'll be there.
Well, I'll see you there then.
Get on.
Thanks, pal.
Budapest.
Yeah, there's no language problem.
Any major tourist destination, they speak it English.
In fact, you probably find more English in Czech Republic than you will indeed county.
I wouldn't even doubt that with you.
Not even a contest.
No contest, please.
It's not a shot or anything like that.
It's just the truth.
It's the honest to goodness truth.
When you're living in a banana republic.
Where it must be getting glaze.
Now, what's going to happen?
I hear that.
Past, past, past.
That's the rumor that I'm starting today.
And he's going to croak one of these days.
There's no question about it.
And then what?
You going back?
For a visit.
You don't have to wait till they close.
You can come up here and then fly right from here direct.
You go to Van.
All of the bargo violating.
Any synthesizer.
Oh, I see.
I see.
That's like Ricky Tiki Sanchez would say.
I wish I would have seen that interview.
It's the law.
You can.
I'll email it to you.
If you got the you, you, you, um, there.
It's on somewhere.
Okay.
I'd like to see him get put down and made the jackass that he really is.
His performance when the alien thing was going on in software.
That was one of the most embarrassing.
You can't complain about his journalistic abilities because he hasn't got any.
Kind of like our technical abilities a QAM.
You can't complain about them.
Let's see.
Only one drop out on the streaming so far today.
Well, thanks God for that.
Or we make it a fine comeback or what?
I feel like death on wheels, man.
I feel really like.
I think it's the tea.
I think the tea is what loosened up my intestines yesterday and caused me to have that very
embarrassing accident.
And then today it's like my words are like, yeah, like just like that.
As Duff would say, attention men.
Well, he says that all the time.
Does the Neal Roger show?
This is the brand.
Any questions?
Huh?
I joined the Natsip party.
They used to call it the GOP.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy so that it won't be coming for me.
So I went to the Natsip party.
Convention held in the Empire State.
For 9-11, thank you, Saude.
Give their hands a shale.
And dance on the great of reading.
Mine comes now.
The bush got trimmed as well.
You see you be me, anyone.
And thank for yourself.
What the fuck, what the fuck, what the fuck, what are all?
The Boot of the Root of the Young Foyah.
The entertaining that the Natsip party was appropriately Christian and white.
There was David Duke and Clear Channel the Broodly Greenwood and Toby Greenteeth Keys.
I'm watching Hoe Righty now.
And then culture as well.
If you don't believe it was just the only one that you should die, go to hell.
All right.
11-03-056-192.
I'm here as it says.
If you go to Prague, be careful.
You don't wind up in a place like the one in the movie Hostel.
And get tortured and death or have your eye burned off.
That's what you have to jump in front of a train to win it all.
I forgot about that movie, which I saw not that long ago, a couple of months ago.
But that wasn't Czechoslovakia.
That was like, where was that?
Transylvania, Slobovia or something.
Slobovia.
And anyway, so I looked up Hostel because I had seen the movie and I remember talking about it.
And sure enough, there's my buddy, Jay Hernandez, who was in that movie.
Who I think is just, here's a fabulous picture of Jay Hernandez.
I mean, you're not or some people are good pictures of people.
And there's some people who photograph, you know, spastic, whatever.
But Jay Hernandez, he could play on my team any day to any day of the week.
How do you like that?
I like it.
Well, anyway, that's a movie.
If you've got a strong stomach for sale at Hostel, H-O-S-T-E-O,
I don't think that when you go on a kind of a pre-packaged thing with a major airline that they say,
and they send you into some kind of a youth hostel to stay in as a hotel.
I don't know.
Good luck to everybody.
It's all I can say.
Okay, how we doing on the pole?
I would go there.
I'd go there tomorrow as a matter of fact.
If I had another week vacation, I'd be on my way and stay at the hostel.
And I would not, I might be a little hostile, but I would not stay there.
Let's see, 836 votes on the pole.
What do you think Neal wears by doing his daily show?
I just, I don't even know if I want to read this pole again, it's so embarrassing.
And I, I, I fessed up.
The only reason I put it on there is because I was too lazy to come up with one of my own yesterday
or go through my pile here.
I just found it there.
And I thought, well, yeah, what the hell, right?
Right.
What the hell?
It's not going to put any more money in our pocket or in the audience's pocket.
What do you think Neal wears by doing his daily show?
His briefs and t-shirt, 241, overwhelming, and I'm not wearing no t-shirt.
Well, shame on you.
241.
How even a wife beat her?
No.
Guard about the stockings, 81.
I'll work on that for next week.
All right.
I hate this pole 72.
Shorts and a Hawaiian shirt, 70.
How about a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a
beautiful caliber.
I have to peel that off because of my consisting of thumbç»“.
sense and oh boy look at that he's in the hospital with it with a split thing
the goal yeah that was a gift and an assist but you played over 18 minutes
he ended up there you go and panthers are playing the Montreal Canadians in
Montreal I noticed Gellie did not make a pit stop here in Toronto to see me on
the way to Montreal I would have been a friendly thing to do anyway getting
back to the pool a brown quarterwise in a plaid shirt 37 like what's his name
what the hell is that show I'd give up what was it no one the goofballs if
Canadian goofballs asctv no anyway not a nothing el nudo 28 nightgown 27 only a
job 23 10 slice and an eb Blazer 16 what does that mean I don't even know what
that means keeping in mind and not make this pool Tuxedo 8 adult diapers 3 3
P suit 3 and a night shirt one out of 841 what a wicked web we weave when we
practice to deceive wq a m hello q a m
you think people actually care where now why did you dump him why do you cut him
off because he last week I decided that curse it George over there it was
cursing at your Georgia they were what a memory you got wow yeah people do
care what I'm wearing on here in fact what I just get through to you about
what an embarrassing stupid ass pull it was but that wasn't good enough for you
was it schmuck huh what a lifeless piece of turd that takes the time to call
and send us very worse you are one of the main reasons that people are
pouring out of South Florida they're racing out like there was the
bubonic plague on the loose but have a wonderful day wq a m hello yes this q
i m what I just get you saying sir I said wq a m that's exactly what it is
well I've got a prog report but I just the second time I've dialed I'm on a cell
I'm not going to you're talking to me you run right now let's hear it lay it
on us well we just got back in late October yeah it's my favorite city in in
Europe I've been over a land I've been the Rome Paris a lot of the big Spanish
city it's it's a great city if you stay in the old section and you get a
guide book things aren't near as far as they look you see all kinds of
different architecture there's some good restaurants it's really great we
loved it so I don't know if it's a walking city you don't need to um I've been
in the old section but that's where most of the sites are right but there are a
some ways and but the only is the taxi screw you all that got that stuff they'll go
all around town to take your quarter of a mile yeah they give you the guided tour
right yeah okay thanks pal I'm glad you had a good time okay thank so there you go
high recommendations for prog I would grab that deal right now I would reach
right out and grab it squeeze it 842 votes on the poor by the way we will get to
a thousand in spite of my bad voice and in spite of the fact that it's a very
very lame ass pool you think people really care what you're in the sad part of
it is yes they do sir that's that's the sad part you want to know why I have no
right that's the answer the question w a m hello hey how you doing okay listen
um I was getting a lot of cold stuff on the web to change the line and there was
this this front of my turn me on to this drink that they sell everybody has
it now it's a it was a manufacturer in California it's called boat house farms
and it's got a screen and it's got all these super anti-oxin and and
Neil since I've been drinking it and that too it just my I have not got sick
around my kids and my wife is a teacher and we does work four hours a day
Neil I'll be damn well this is the first goal I've had in four years so I think
I'll pass on the boat house outhouse boat house whatever was he was talking about
I mean just got like a little cold it's not like I'm dying over here like I've
got some horrendous disease that I brought back from Berlin or some grotesque
growth on my nose or something like that it's just like a little head cold you
know but I do appreciate is tremendous concern maybe he's got something to
stock in it thing whatever that one w a m hello hello yes sir is it me you're
looking for hello
hmm I think there's an easy answer no w a m hello
I think they got him that time w a m hello you're right he's out of control
w a m hello hi Neil how you doing okay well I must say that that second to last
car there sounded like a real young but I can't disagree with what he said I've
been to both Prague and Budapest Prague is a wonderful city I was there about seven
years ago and I did find that not a whole lot of people spoke English but as he
said you do need to stay in the old section and they have a place there on
called the St. Charles Bridge beautiful has incredible statues and then there's
like a little stairwell down from that bridge and it leads to a park and I remember
when I was there I encountered it was a huge wall and they had a tribute to John
Lenin of all people on that wall which was really interesting and they also have
on this clock tower and people gather at the at the top of the hour because
they have these whimsical figures that figurines that come out and kind of
dance around and you know it seems to be a major attraction there I was sure
do it for me I'll tell you that if no it does it just I mean it's interesting
it's it's good it seems like a city that's kind of like stuck in the 14th
century really but the restaurants are good that people were friendly those
that spoke English anyway Budapest I think an eventful but one of your
call is mentioned Vienna and I highly recommend Vienna it's really beautiful the
architecture is beautiful the strutal is incredible oh yeah unbelievable
so I can recommend Vienna okay give it a shot okay one area go a little
travel law for you didn't know extra charge and sounds to me we haven't had
anything negative about Prague except don't go to that hostel where they're
poking people's eyes out with those whatever they would do yeah powered
drills and whatnot yeah powered real I'm kind of like that movie pie and
where it's the individual puts the power drill right through the head I keep
telling you that they almost you can watch it I think they're like blues I'll
watch it anyway look at that oh they just had the a poll on there Julianne's
ahead of McKean and the Republican that poll on CNN 32 to 26 well we'll see
we'll see what we'll see and I'm gonna tell you again this hill everything I'm
getting so sick and tired of all you know publicity they're giving that bitch
oh my god she couldn't lick Barack Obama's butt if she if she stood on the stool
she couldn't do it but you know what do I know I haven't I've been telling you for
months and months before he even announced he was gonna run did I tell you
Barack is the man I told you that you heard it right here first and you can
tell from our intellectual audience they're really all whipped up about it
the biggest name you can go to that out to the business
Rode versus ====
Bring someone gay and everybody's in rehab
Where they should be
There's a girl and an ass rat
Which isn't too easy
That doesn't mean you need rehab
Or a prescription
It means you're a fucking
Just like no gifts on
Absolutely
Everybody's in rehab
To cover their own ass
If you just threw one jab
We're supposed to little grass
You don't need to go to rehab
For making racial slurs
Or if you're underwear
Have it still be her
Reass not boring sausage
Or something you need to spend
Reass not boring movies
We sword blood in mouth
To see you don't need to go to rehab
Just apologize
And control your ego
Stop making a lie
Love and I think what does any of this have to do with Anna Nicole?
I want to come right down to it
Why would this be important?
Whatever we're talking about today
What?
Am I right?
Yeah, what?
I didn't think about paying any of these cents now
See, I think the poll is what did it?
I better go back to bed and put my throat
W.B says check Republican Hungary
Are beautiful places to visit
And by the way they are the hot locations for cosmetic surgery procedures
Wow
That's where the elite bastards from Europe go for the treatments
If you're interested in checking out my great-granddaddy's grave
And check his levacus says W.B
I'll get the address for you
I think probably will pass
You could go there and get a tummy tuck
There you go
Well, it sounds to me like a winner out of it
Kacer Racerov is one of the boils down there
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello
Ron Smith
W.A.Q.A.M. Hello
Neil
Yes
Okay, I've said once about Pragan Budapest
But before you were talking about the airports in Berlin
It's yellow spell, not the temple hop
Temple hop is pretty much closed now
Oh, that's about the size of your thumb
Yeah, it goes for the international flights
And showing spells mostly for
In for European flights
Anyway, about Pragan Budapest, the woman that called before the break
She was fairly accurate for the way it was about maybe seven to ten years ago
But it's changed a lot
It's really become much more like the rest of Europe
The Czech Republic especially joined the common market probably about 2000 or 2001
And the things that made her like you know like a
Parking destination that made it especially welcoming to church
It's become much more homogenized
And it's not that much different than the European capitals
The one thing it has going for is that the Russians
It might be known as the British during World War II didn't saturation bomb
So a lot of the buildings are still standing
There's a lot of neglect of the buildings during the communist era
But you know they've been doing a very good job of doing a lot of restoration
So it's worthwhile but you have to go with you know open eyes
What are the other problems is you get a lot of these British
Bachelor of party type groups that go for the chief beer and so on
James Cedan, Cedan for damn, exactly, exactly
So I mean it's a mixed experience that I think it's still worthwhile
They're not an entire trip around
In other words spend a couple of days in each city
And you get the feel of it
But don't go expecting some kind of their bond or a period
It was that at one time but not anymore
I see
Alright thanks Neil
Okay thanks, Pauli
Okay I have any anybody just said he says it comes to come so it's okay
So I have a good time and good luck to you
And there's a bunch of smelly brits drunk
I think you can have a good time
Go yourself and make up your own mind
That's right
I go for it you know
I mean it's not so afflort but then again what the hell is
So I think I'm going to go down to it that's right
W-Q-A-M, hello
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hey good morning Neil
Yes sir
Yes and I'm going to repeat what everybody has telling you how great pride and Buddha past is
That being there I love it
But you 100% correct
I've been to Europe a lot
I'm a semi professional photographer
I have very expensive equipment and not even once I felt like somebody's going to steal my equipment or anything like that
And I've been all away from the Scandinavian countries all the way down to Budapest
And I'm 100% agree with you there
And let me ask you a question you're ever been to a city called Bruce
No
Oh amazing
Does that should be your next destination because I tell you it's not far away from from Amsterdam
Actually if you take the train it's only you go to Brussels
Brussels is a great city it's only 45 minutes away from Brussels
So is that great city very much like Prague you know and that majestic couple city
People friendly, the food is incredible highly recommended
Okay thanks a lot paling
Take care
See you
Yeah see and a lot of you have never been to Europe like George for example which is sad
But I'm sure that Josh Curtis will come through for you
What are these days?
No seriously and when you go there you would like granted pick pockets and roll
My total history about how I got my credit cards lifted in Rome by the agifices
And you have that whole anti-agidity
I'm going to definitely lose my voice
Oh don't do that
No seriously it's a good thing that this
This whole topic came up now
Thank you very much
But because otherwise I would have been reading all this stuff and I can't do that I just can't barely speak
Although during the break I'll make me some more tea
Good
Some more of that crap I mean the cranberry, crap berry tea
But you don't have that feeling of fear
And anywhere I've ever been in Europe even Amsterdam even if you get lost off the beaten path
Amsterdam can be very confusing
But they have all these signs that point like central state
As long as you keep like one landmark in mind usually either the day that day in the square or central station
You're not going to get lost too bad
But you know pick pockets are about to worsen your gun encounter
Almost nobody with guns
Really people with guns are the polizia
They have guns and the you know the carabinieri
Carabinieri must be like a step away from the swish guard you know at the Vatican because boils
They must have like very strict requirements on who can be one of the state police
They have a pageant to select to that
I wouldn't be surprised because man there's some really very fine looking gentleman who are the carabinieri
But you don't want to mess with him I would be sure or the polizia
But that's just my feeling like in Berlin you don't you know you don't have any fear you're not looking over your shoulder
Who's walking in the alley behind you or like you know what like that you know
As opposed to like being in downtown Miami you are like in almost any American city like downtown Detroit God forbid or like that or in LA
Or if there's any city that's I would talk about a change
And not a change for the better either I mean you know cities all what I just say see all change over the years you're like a chitty
Yeah I feel like kind of chitty myself
Yeah but man LA has become a scary place all I have been there in years now I bet you're a scarier now than it was when I was there
I imagine it's pretty scary
All the fact that the fact that I'm not there maybe it's a little bit less scary because I'm a very like Luca Brasi
I'm a very scary guy yeah
How are we doing on that very bad pool and again I'm so 8.69 will make a thousand easy see
That's our audience man they come through for us
Even on a day when you know I screwed off and you'll be pleased to know that we got a whole bunch of stories on there today
Because Josh Cord is finally he must have known let's see two four six eight ten truck now 15 stories
Isn't that great?
Mm-hmm a lot of stories that they could see they're all on the O'Rasher's dot com
And Josh Cord is we understand is doing a fabulous job at the QWM dot com is nobody told us he said he is doing a service hack of the fire
It is on fire just like his a panther loonies
The biggest name so best talent to the business we will run you shall know that last week we will run 60
You A Damn
They taught little boy
La la la la la la la la
Time raised out
I want some wins
You ain't too don't add play like gravy with
La la la la la la la la la la la
He's a good boy, they do a silent world of meat
We kinda got that I want to do
That's good to live to eat
I want the kids who go on a date
But there's no chance at all
So does the thing feel sports quit if I want to see him grab the balls
No baby wow
Look at that kid
You ain't too don't add play like gravy with
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I got a high there, every screen that helps me see his bones
I can do what I want but I ain't gonna never get none
No name's a professor school
Okay that's not so great
Let I'm bachelor over the family
At least until its 28
Time raised out
I want some wins
You ain't too don't add play like gravy with
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
So the rumors of Adolfins are going to crack pretty cool.
Wouldn't it be wonderful?
Wouldn't it be a beautiful thing?
He would be anyway, I'm not about that.
And then of course, if it turned out that he was like a real bomb, that would be really
bad, wouldn't it?
Huh?
That would be terrible.
Mmm.
Just made me a fresh cup of my Poisonberry tea here.
Excellent.
With my Splenda, and it is really Splenda.
Don't I have so much better just after having like a little, yes you do.
It's wonderful here.
Something hot in your mouth.
Well, there.
And your throat.
Yeah, I'll make everybody feel better.
I'm just drinking my tea.
That's all mine in my own business.
Take an easy take.
You're a sick puppy.
That's why Joe hates you like Poison, must be.
Yeah, it's really something when he sends me an email yesterday about something that
you did on the poll last week.
He knows Dan Willett, you did it.
I know.
And you know what bothers me?
What bothers you?
Well, many things bother me.
I mean, you know, when he gets a, when he's old as I am, there are many things that
are bothered you.
But what bugs me is people who won't come out and really say what they, what they mean.
In other words, I don't want to say that Josh told us because that would be bad for him.
But the fact that it matters is that you know, it has to do with the QA website linking
to our way.
Look, if they don't want to link to our website because we're too pornographic or too
used to many words, I don't care.
What benefit do we actually derive?
I mean, you know, we like Josh and he's a good kid and everything else.
But in fact, I love him and he loves me.
That's why he told me this morning anyway.
But what benefit do we derive from that?
Do we get any promotion from that or publicity?
And they don't even put the near Roger showing the damn heat program.
They got all the sports nerd guys on there, you know, but not the near Roger show.
And of course, our sales manager, so it is rumored, is busy opening up big not to all the salespeople.
Well, don't, you know, don't not anybody tell you this station is only about the near Roger show.
We got all these a great, you know, because evidently, the sponsors and the agencies can't read the ratings.
So, you know, go out and tell them we got all these big numbers all day long.
Which isn't, I'm not saying that to not anybody else on the station, I wouldn't do that.
But I'm just saying it's just another example of how they always have us under their feet.
But now, I wish, I appreciate people when they are forthcoming.
You know what I mean?
In other words, tell me what you think.
And there's some people who don't want to tell you what they really think,
because they're afraid they're going to hurt your feelings or they're going to get you pissed off.
Or whatever it is.
Am I that volatile? Don't answer the question.
No, not really.
In fact, when I got to see me yesterday, I thought to myself, I said, I said, in back of a recon, I said,
okay, no problem.
We'll tone it down, you know, or some stupid crap like that.
Whatever that means, right?
Right.
Whatever it means.
I mean, I don't want to go into detail about it, but it was just stupid,
because Joe is kind of a stupid guy, is what he is.
But that's the way it is.
So anyway, it looks pretty good, so far, all the reports on, what does this say?
Old Cuban remedy.
Oh, him.
I'm waiting, our friend Moishi is saying, I mean, old Cuban remedy for my cold.
I guess, and like that.
Yeah, I'm waiting to hear it.
Okay.
That's all I got was just three words on it.
Okay.
Because my blackberry is on fire.
You talk about how it is smoking this morning.
It's on fire.
I'll tell you this tea is really something.
Yeah.
I can't say the word Joe gets upset again.
Okay.
Now we've killed an hour and a half on this, which I appreciate very much my close personal buddy that got me off on this tangent.
Thank you so much, it's unusual.
Two and a half minutes.
What is it?
Two and a half hours and a half minutes to go.
Yeah.
Well, I think you can handle it.
Now I sound, see what you do.
And you know this as well as I do when you have a bad cold or this isn't a bad cold.
Because if I had a bad cold, you'd be doing the show.
But if you have a scratchy throat or a cold, you get up in the morning and you like talk to yourself.
Of course, I do that every day.
But you get up in the morning about to see if you can project.
Right.
In other words, not enough that you're able to speak, but you have to be able to project.
That is, of course, I can sit real close to the mic like this.
And then I could crank the pot way up in a kind of perfect moment like that.
See what I've, because otherwise you just tear your throat up.
And then you run all the rest of the week, which is not a really good idea.
That's funny, you should say that because a lot of people don't know what that word means.
Project, and I didn't use to the guy that was helping me get my first radio job.
You mean because you used to mumble all the time?
Yeah, exactly.
That's what your buddy, what's his name, Jerry, the Oblivion guy?
Oh, his name is Jerry, because...
Yeah, G-E-R-R-Y.
He's gonna make you all using his wife's account, son.
Does he really? He's a jerk.
Jerry, the J stands for jerk.
But he stuck a piece of copy in front of my pit.
I knew who did Jerry from the William guy.
Okay, never mind.
Go ahead.
No, you're just gonna interrupt again. It's all right. It's funny.
Oh, like you don't do that to me.
I'll leave it at that damn musical, I'll let him go.
So he stuck a piece of copy in my face and said,
here, now, read this into the microphone and project, and I said,
he stuck it in your face.
I said, project, what is that mean?
Like, you do when you're on stage in the plays,
because they knew from this theater thing that we used to do.
Like, you do when you're on stage so that people can hear you,
dummy, and I went, oh, that's what that means.
Well, evidently, you didn't take the lesson,
you were supposed to heart, because for the first time,
I don't know how many years you were doing this.
You were mumble-
Look, I was very afraid and sheepish and shy.
I'm like, big floppy shoes.
So I had to get through it.
You were filling my big floppy shoes.
Big floppy clothes.
That's not even on the pole.
I wear big floppy shoes.
In fact, I probably have.
Right now, only because I've got the cold all,
it's nice and toasty in here, even though it's freezing outside.
Let me take a look at which hotel I still use from.
This is from the, oh, look at that.
The Kampinsky Hotel Bristol in the Bristol Kampinsky Hotel in Berlin,
that's from last summer.
That's from last summer when the World Cup was going on in Berlin.
And I sure have fond memories of last summer in Berlin.
Oh, God, do I ever have memories?
I better not start moving my mind in that direction,
because it's very, very bad.
And Joel will get the bad vibes, you know,
the pornographic vibes from whatever that's all about.
He knows it's something sub-rosa.
896 votes are the pole, man.
We'll be way over 900 by noon.
No sweat.
I don't know what you guys are saying.
It's nervous, Nellies, and Ely's about.
Here is the result.
So far, it's such a horrible pole.
We better, I better find a good one in this pile for tomorrow.
Now, what's that woman that the guy sent today?
About, no, there it is again.
What do I wear?
What was the pole?
Oh, I'm getting depressing.
Well, we don't need depressing for a crime.
A lot. We want to be uplifting.
We want a little bit of, you know, like that.
Just a little tiny bit of something.
I kind of like this.
It'd be depressing.
We've done a similar whole thing.
Like that.
The cause of the end of the human race.
None of us also had the sports talk radio.
Oh.
I really do believe that.
That's a symptom.
I think it is written somewhere in the good book,
or maybe in the bad book.
In fact, didn't these guys have a bad book?
But anyway, that's beside the point.
I don't want to get Chris, what is his name?
The sales manager.
Chris Jones.
See, it's tough name to remember.
899 votes on the pole.
What do you think Neil wears?
Doing his show every day.
Reese and T-shirt, 256.
Almost a third of the audience.
And I keep telling you I don't,
and they keep voting for it.
Well, that's my crime.
That's why I would offer advice to my buddies out there.
Don't, when you hear the one thing I've learned over the years,
is by a travel book, talk to people who you know,
who have been to a particular place.
Like when my friend comes home this evening,
I'll ask him for the whole travel log on Prague.
I mean, yeah, we've talked about it since he was there,
and he liked it okay, but I'll get all the details.
Because with all due respect, I mean,
there are people with very good intentions,
and they call it in, but it'll be been a give-it-it-report.
But I've discovered that the audience over the years,
when it comes to travel reports, and restaurant reports,
and any life reports is not all I could.
Because it sounds good to generally.
I have no life.
And that's correct.
So how do you know anything about life when you don't have one?
Gardner Belt and Stockings 87,
so you can get in choke-top about that.
Don't cry.
I beg your pardon?
You don't have to get choke-top about it.
No, I'm not crying.
Oh man, that is so good.
I hate this poor 78.
Even in my present mediocre condition,
I still hate the poor.
That's how flotterful I am, and I just feel like hate.
Mm-hmm.
Shorts in a Hawaiian shirt, 75.
That's not a bad idea.
I do like the Hawaiian shirts.
You know, once upon a time, I used to wear those,
because when you're real fat, you know, I mean, when I was really, really fat.
You wear shirts, you don't have to tuck in.
Right.
Like, you know, fat rich used to do, right?
You know, I don't know.
I don't know.
We tell you another reason to wear those kinds of shirts.
Because I'm going to tuck your shirt in as a pain in the ass,
and it becomes untuffed, and then you have to, you know,
go in to put it back in there, and people see your, you know,
tuck in your shirt back in, they think you're reaching down your pants,
and reaching down your pants for what?
Like a search party?
Yeah.
Well, in my case, it would probably be accurate.
That's just a big deal.
Only Boxer 74, that's the correct answer.
I'm telling you the correct answer.
There's still a phone for all of a sudden.
I want to change my vote to the party, that you mentioned.
Only Boxer 74, sitting here in my nice red,
the Haines, whatever the hell they are.
Oh, 75, good.
His bathroom 72, Tom Brady football jersey 58,
Valoura, and anybody would listen to you people about travel plans?
Oh, man, I wouldn't travel from here across the street to the supermarket,
based on this crowd.
Valoura sweatsuit 39, brown quarter-oys and flat shirt 38,
not on nothing, El Nudo.
But 30, man.
Yeah, wouldn't that be sweet?
30, nightgown 29, like Alistair Sim playing Ebidizou Scrooge
in a Christmas Carol, 29, only a jock 25.
Tan slacks in Navy Blazer 17, and El Thiper is 12.
Tuxedo 8, 3P Suit 3, and a nightshirt, only one.
What's the difference between a nightgown and a nightshirt?
I think a nightgown is for women.
Well, that's got 29 votes.
Well, I think they're trying to say something to them.
You're fair, Rick.
That could be it.
The biggest name, the best talent.
If this is real Roger, sports radio 560, you A-M.
Down on your hands and ears and lick my boots.
All right.
Huh?
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
I'm not going to be a good guy.
Okay, I don't step on this crap.
There you go.
Okay, 1148, 12 minutes before noon.
This tea is really working like magic for me.
Believe it.
Well, it's better than whatever that guy was peddling there.
What was it that green algae, pews, whatever he was doing?
I don't know, aloe vera.
Boy, that's good.
So what do you say, body wash or soap?
Well, I've done maintenance switch.
I'm going to tell you right now, if I found out that anybody I know is still using soap,
I'm going to personally give them a spanking, the likes of which they have never had in their
lives.
How does your crystal use soap?
I use liquid stuff.
Body wash?
Yes.
I say liquid stuff.
That sounds like soap.
I forgot the name of it for a second.
Guppy, you know, like liquid stuff.
Body wash?
Body wash?
Or George and all those guys finally decided to change?
That's right.
Well, you waited because obviously a masculine fat guy like you wants to be right in line.
You don't want to be out of step one, using some pansy candy as lilac stuff on the shower.
Now I use these things to say four men on it.
Yeah, that's right.
Adidas for men.
Adidas for men.
Or Ladidas for women.
You have to be sure that's what it says.
I beg your pardon?
I have a shirt that says that right there on the front for men.
Do I look like Duff?
Can't you tell the two of us in part?
No, you don't go to the gym as often as he does.
That's right.
I wonder what he does at the gym.
I wonder if he ever works it out at the gym.
I really doubt it.
You know what they say about guys that go to the gym?
Yeah, that's what they say.
Who should like to feel relaxed once again?
Right.
And the guys that, eh, it's just like the whole sports thing.
You know, guys that take showers together.
I don't care what anybody says, but when guys take showers together.
That's a big club you wore on.
It sends me back to those high school days when we used to swim together naked and we used
to take showers together in the engine class.
I mean, let's face it when you're in school.
They can't afford like separate stalls when you're taking a shower.
Remember when Joe Castella was telling us about Olinda Made?
And he said something about like him.
I can't obviously say the word, but he said something about him in a butterfly.
What did Olinda Mare have in common with a butterfly?
Some crap like that.
And I think the answer was the same thing that I do, but at any rate.
It was probably a little bit too much information, but just like some of this kicks, I think
what he was trying to say came up a little bit short.
Is that what he was trying to tell us?
Yeah, something like that, like nature.
Okay, I've killed almost two hours with this, so I thank you for fusing my close
personal friend for sending that question.
I don't know if we really answered the question yet, and I don't think so.
I think when my Toronto buddy comes, when we do our Wheel of Fortune watching,
and I realized that that sounds a little bit strange, doesn't it?
A little bit, but my friend lives in this building and comes up seven o'clock every night,
and we sit and shoot the crap and watch Wheel of Fortune.
And that's pretty much all with that.
No, as long as he doesn't pee.
He was on track last summer, and I think he'll give me a much more objective and realistic overview
to pass along before somebody goes spending a lot of hard-earned money and then finds out,
oh, what a dumpy place that is.
There are places you'll go like Caracas that time, oh, man.
But getting back to fat rich.
We were talking about the Hawaiian shirts and about tucking the shirts and stuff like that,
and maybe start thinking about him.
Not that he ever wore Hawaiian shirts, so that I can recover.
But he always wore those big, wild bearers, those huge, or things like that.
I like that.
Yeah, that you don't have to tuck in the shirt.
Right.
Because when you're huge and fat, and I've been through those periods of time,
believe you made a good part of my adult life, you don't tuck in the shirt
because you can't, because it keeps like flopping back out because you're such a big tub of,
oh, I shouldn't be saying this because Chris is probably listening.
Now, do you tuck in your shirts?
You're talking to Chris, right?
In other words, you wear those big, like gowns.
Yeah, night gowns.
Well, not a night gown, but you know what I'm talking about.
A polo shirt today with, you know, the three-button-colored polo shirt.
Oh, a polo shirt?
Now listen.
Oh, I think you're going to sit like a t-shirt.
No, I'm wearing a t-shirt.
In fact, I shouldn't be wearing a t-shirt because then your boobies really protrude, man.
They're really a grotesque.
I'm wearing a t-shirt and yeah, like, you're lying to your shirt.
I'm sure me wearing a tight t-shirt, nasty.
But anyway, the point being about fat riches that, as you know,
we went to the Track to Pomp and O Park, I would say like 20 years together.
Just ball and mark for you.
That's about 20 years.
And then of course, he had the audacity going croke on me there at the Track that night.
Well, it's a good thing I wasn't there, you know?
I don't know.
I don't think I, I'm not the kind of person who would do well with it.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I can be generally speaking, like I said yesterday, I'm resilient.
I bounce back from anything.
But sitting there when one of your good friends just pops over and croaks at the dinner table at the Track.
It's just not something that I really, I would have wanted them there to see or smell or anything else.
But when you lose, everybody's got, I think not everybody.
But I think most people have like a buddy that they do certain things.
Like when I went to Thurbrough, I used to go to the Calder and to Gulf Stream.
And even a high alleo there during that one period, with Bill Calder.
You only got that they ever named a racetrack after.
And then when he died, I stopped going to the Thurbrough, races because it's boring to me.
See what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
And the same with Fat Rich.
I mean, even when I'm down there, like the last time I was there, I didn't even go to Pomp and O.
Which is unusual because you know how much I love Pomp and O.
And how well they treat me and how good the food is and how great I love the harness racing is like in my blood.
It's in my blood as Peter blood would say.
It's in your blood, baby, and it is.
I love harness racing.
As a matter of fact, wouldn't surprise me.
I'm sure that the replays are on right now on the horse racing channel.
Oh right.
Let's put that.
Are both scratched?
No, that's filled it off your park.
That's Thurbrough racing.
That's the, that's the goofballs on the back races.
But anyway, my point being that once Fat Rich died, I, you know, I'm just not that inclined to be going that much anymore.
Of course not.
This spring when they get the slots in there, there would probably be a different story.
Being the slots fool that I am.
And there are people say to me, well, you know, first of all, there are a lot of folks don't understand the concept of race, a race Cino, which is brand new and floored anyway, because we just passed it and finally.
Now that fat ass jet bookshes out of there, the friend of getting things going.
But a race Cino, which every race track in Ontario, which is a zinny of them, has got a,
a racino with the means that's racing out on the track, and then slot machines, I mean, it's not the rest of the gambling.
Not a full casino.
If you catch my drift.
You drifted?
I'm drifting.
What does that mean?
I'm getting all these messages now.
Oh, I mean, well, I had to be, the only reason I picked this up, I never do that.
Well, I did well before, it was a bad mistake because I just, I just, I just got lost in that area.
Now what the hell is I just talking about before I got this side track with this?
Or the racino, yeah.
And so, but like a focusing like Niagara, for example, falls view, which I would recommend very hardly.
Anybody out there going to Niagara Falls?
And that was not the time, by the way, and especially not tonight, they're going to have like 15 inches of snow tonight in Niagara Falls in Hamilton.
Well, you talk about a dumpy city.
I don't know what it is, but I've gotten off the track and I've never even got to my pile.
I'm just rambling today.
I think I all got started with a business about Prague.
Thanks, pali.
But Hamilton is such an industrial city.
It's 400,000 people that's bigger than Rottenchester.
But it's very industrial and there's all the smoke stacks in the, oh, you drive through it and like, even when the windows closed, you know, in the summertime, on the way to Niagara Falls.
You have to drive through Hamilton and you look over there in a, you can just tell that the people that aren't going to live very long, you know.
Which is probably just as well because it's kind of a Yahoo City.
And you know, because Canada is so far north.
Now, what is the thing the, it is from STTB, one of those two guys.
The top and down the can.
Bob, that's the guys.
Those are the guys.
The Hozer's A.
Those are the guys.
Yeah, that's the ones.
Take off A.
But unless you're in like, I'm assuming Toronto or Montreal or Vancouver.
Or maybe Ottawa, I've never been there, maybe Quebec, too many frogs.
But you know, Canada is very much like the US mostly Rednecks, you know, Yahoo Calgary, that whole Alberta thing.
Moose Jaw.
The Canadians that I encountered when we would cross the border into, in the British Columbia, would be a medicine hatch.
Just like Bob and Doug McKenzie.
Exactly.
I just like them people in North Dakota.
I didn't get that segment.
Like them people in North Dakota.
Right. Oh, yeah.
She is so good.
Oh, he's a little jyke.
I'm just going to tell you if I was of the right persuasion.
The biggest challenge for this is the Eurotus.
420560.
You A.M.
They beat it 12-1 hour on WQA.
Well, I never thought I'd find the gun to ride that I've been doing around these days.
Now, as a classic set of wheels, fixed up the way your brother would lie.
Now, it's a dream in China and the dream is cold and a jazzed of democracy.
I've got the candle, the quicherry, your f**k.
Oh, baby.
Open a good autumn, Jerry, charity, baby, please.
Oh, baby.
China, little village, little village, the interversus mentioned.
Now, so I've bounced out the road, and I've been dead and souped that way.
Now, with the autumn stop, the big deals of day I'll get around the beach in the rain.
I'm 1979, my own phone, Catalina.
You're looking fine now, it's my baby Cadillac.
Oh, baby.
Open a good autumn, Jerry, charity, baby, please.
Oh, baby.
China, little village, little village, the interversus mentioned.
Oh!
I've got my windows down, on a hot summer day, because they're easy though, with no waves.
The sweaty fresh weather loss eats thoughts, the smell, and gets the dust you were getting over time.
I'm a back to define the shiny, grandest, no-like lie, thanks my coffee,
China, too, reserving, washing it with all the road.
Don't love the heavy, open a good autumn, Jerry, charity, baby, please.
Oh, baby.
Michael Schaffek, who's growing over speed folks in pursuit.
Oh, baby.
Fresh, melodic, dear, and your fantasy, baby, please.
Oh, baby.
Hey, baby.
Total 385, 60 WQM, sex abroad, scene is fine, says whoever sent this in from Sky News.
By the way, Rupert Murdock owns Sky News that's the right-wing piece of turd,
who makes most of his money by putting on a salacious stuff that's on the Fox Entertainment network,
so it can put on the Fox News network all that right-wing paranoid crap,
and print the New York Post and garbage like that.
As new laws to make prostitutes safer are considered in the wake of these Suffolk murders,
some British men are traveling abroad to buy sex.
In part two of a week-long series looking at the oldest profession,
Sky Correspondent Leila Hayes visits the Czech Capital Prague.
Oh, my God.
Where British men are among the biggest buyers of sex, this is what she found.
She says, I arrived in Prague with just one thing in my mind, sex, and I wasn't the only one.
I was here to film, but every weekend this beautiful European city is overrun
with young British guys on a mission to get drunk, have fun, and visit an across the tuta.
More young Brits are going abroad to pay for sex, and I wanted to find out why, she says.
Oh, have you ever seen them British women? I think that should be an answer right off the bat.
Says, I met up with one stag group who told me they were on their way to a stake-end tea blank blank.
There's too many blanks in there, but if stake-ing.
Staking chips.
Yeah, right. Well, rhymes with chips, kind of, night.
Staking teats night, I can say that.
This evening of entertainment involves eating a steak dinner while a woman laughs at us on top of you.
Nice, she says. Nice.
The guys were friendly and often happy to talk that isn't until they saw the camera,
then it was the case of, what if my mum or girlfriend or sister sees it?
What if mum sees it? Oh, those Brits, man. You talk about constipated.
Mum. Like the queen mum. Remember her? That old drunk and bitch.
Oh, yeah. Turns out many of them had been to a brothel the night before we were feeding rather sheepish.
Or maybe they're just feeding the sheep, that could be annoying to Brits.
Anything that's moving, or in fact, probably if it ain't moving, that's even better.
Then I found Danny, she says. He told me if I bought him a black dance, he would tell me everything.
And he did. He cannot remember how many prostitutes he slept with.
He may have lost count, but he knows he enjoys it and doesn't understand why other English guys are so scared to admit it.
More than half the British men who admit paying for sex have done so while abroad,
in Prague I can see how easily it can happen.
Many of the black dancing clubs are also brothels.
The no-touching rule certainly doesn't apply here, and if a man pays for a private dance,
he can get a lot more for his money.
Many of the men I met told me they wouldn't dream of visiting a brothel in Britain,
but somehow doing it abroad seems different.
We're doing it with abroad, or maybe as abroad.
As one of them put it, in England it's more frowned upon,
but if you go abroad and pay for sex, everyone is like, oh, that's fine.
That's fine. Oh, we're fine.
Yeah, like Dan Stewart who's still dead. I can't believe he's dead either.
But I never went to the track with him or anybody else's house.
For Adam's house to try to hit on him.
Wasn't that the deal?
Or was that Brian Andrews?
I'm sorry.
That was Brian Andrews.
Brian Andrews from Channel 7.
Is he back on Channel 7?
I think he was back on Channel 7.
Is he real?
I see him around locally on the TV.
Huh?
I remember his most famous line when he was talking about his colleague Adam Kirschman.
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth?
Remember that one?
Yeah.
But anyway, it was funny.
I won.
Huh?
It was funny.
Funny that talking about women, I'm sure of that, Brian.
Anyway, so he's back in town.
I better not out him.
That would be bad.
Is if there was any doubt about being out.
949 votes on a poll.
This is the hour we go over a thousand.
I'm going to say that as a pre-defeather in my cat, that's another stupid expression.
Since I've been referring to that all the time about stupid expressions, every time I think of one,
I should start writing them down.
Please do.
And that would make a good poll.
I know we've done that before, but she's there.
So many things.
George Carlin made a career at it.
You know, it could be good for you to.
Did he really?
You know, I saw a clip of, and you know, I loved George Carlin, but I saw a clip of one of his
onstage performances not that long ago.
I think it was on you.
She is.
Somebody may have put it on our Myspace.
By the way, we have 11, what do we got?
1193?
Yeah, we're still 7,000, 12,000 on there.
I'm a little disappointed.
That thing is kind of like a Peter Dowlow bit.
I mean, although when you were on last week, wow.
I had to add like 80's of your new friends on there.
That's because of you.
Oh yeah.
It must be.
What else would it be?
I don't know.
And now the other thing, not that the old man is back, it's like, you know, one here, one there.
And then several of them turning down.
I'm not putting little kids on there, okay?
I'm not putting 14 and 15 year old kids.
We're not accepting you as a friend.
Another thing that's really stupid about that, thanks for the ad.
Oh.
Thanks for the ad.
Well, what does that, I mean, I know what it means, but what does that really mean?
Thanks for the ad, my man.
I can't.
People call and say, thanks for taking my call.
Yeah, but then this is even worse.
I mean, stop by to say hi.
That's bad enough, but this MySpaceLingo, thanks for the ad.
Yeah, add this.
Add this better on this hand.
And this thing around the other one, and you get a pair.
Believe me.
But nevertheless, I think I'm going to make it.
I'm not too sure though.
Tomorrow, though, is another story.
Tomorrow is an entirely different story.
I would be preparing right now for you to be doing a show.
But so we need seven more friends of MySpace today.
Probably with me, see, they figure it out.
They figure you're really paying a lot of attention to that.
And what they don't know is that, yeah, right.
Exactly.
What they don't realize is that even when I was in Berlin, and when I came back here four days early,
I always check on those things that I was adding or deleting or whatever.
I bet you didn't add one person on there when I was going to do you.
On your page? No, I got my own.
I'm talking about on the show page.
No, no, I don't deal with that. That's a you and Miguel thing.
Miguel better.
Keep his hands off it.
And the page too.
How's he doing by the way, Miguel? Is he okay?
Okay, like I said.
Wow.
See, the Lord's punishing me from bringing that up.
And it did bring it up. And it's a yellow.
Actually, it's that dark green.
That's good. That's a good.
See, I think I had a call like several days ago.
When I was in Berlin, I had like a little bit of a raw throat.
And I thought I had like, I thought I was getting a call, but it's just never materialized.
Then I came back here and of course it's about minus eight billion.
And I think I did, I finally, I know I finally got it.
But I think it's at the ass end now.
Maybe that was my problem yesterday in the elevator.
Maybe that's where I called kind of like decided to hang out, so to speak.
And it did.
Well, that's bad. You know, that was so, oh, brother.
Have you ever had that happen?
Which event?
The one I'm not, I'm not going to keep repeating it, okay?
No, you don't have to do it.
You're doing it too much.
So I'll repeat it.
No, like I'm, I pooped my pants.
I told you I've never had the pleasure, but I'm looking forward to it.
And I don't think it's got to do with age so much.
It has to do with digestion and your whole intestinal, that whole time.
Right, well, this was an offade loss.
This was not good luck.
Believe me what I tell you, I think it, it couldn't happen to me.
And I've gotten damn close to what's happening to me, but.
Have you?
So far, so good.
Well, just keep in mind as it, as you're, no, even if you're getting within a step of the house or the magic room,
just keep thinking,
only two miles to go until I get home.
Yeah, that's, that's, keep that mental suggestion.
I slid into home plate before and, yeah, I was, how about that time, how about that time at the restaurant in Broward?
I told you that story, why still, let's see.
Oh, it wasn't connected.
That sounds brutal.
I waited and waited.
I was dancing the green apple quich step from one toe to the other.
What was that restaurant?
It's on them.
That's like a nightmare.
What the restaurant?
Vinny.
Vinny there.
Oh, there he is.
There he is.
I don't know.
But what a memory I got.
Well, that's really good.
I was with Bill Carter in his wife.
We're having dinner.
And nature was calling.
And there's some, you know, there's one stall in there, which is not a good idea to restaurant that big.
And there's somebody in there.
And I'm dancing from one toe back to there.
And finally, he leaves.
Finally.
And I go and I sit down.
And luckily, I, you know, I wasn't like right on the verge.
I don't want to get to a graphic here.
And the seat just went sliding right off the bowl around the floor with me on it.
Not a good move.
No.
Man.
But anyway.
957 votes on the pool.
And again, we apologize profusely for a really very, well, look at that Algeria blast.
There's kind of the right heads and Algiers.
My heads kill each other.
It's reached the point now where it's just so insane that it's a big free for all of them.
They're just all crazy people because they're all religious nuts.
And the Nigerian rebels release hostages.
And here they're all running around with their uzzies and with their black outfits.
Looks like a bad day at the Ku Klux Klan.
You know, like they didn't get the outfits washed or something.
Really bad.
It's a crazy world, man.
Like I said, enjoy life and the school everybody own.
The biggest name.
So best talents.
Who are the Getsu Riders?
Force Radio 560.
You A.M.
The Rogers.
Ah.
Mom.
Got a chocolate box on Valentine's Day.
Take some bad out of one.
Put some back in the train.
And it's really not right.
It's a really gross thing.
Mom.
Got a chocolate box on shea.
Well, let's take one bite.
She takes a bite of one.
Who's in fact.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Mom.
Got a chocolate box on shea.
And we'll take one bite.
Put some back in the train.
Happy Valentine's Day to R.R.
Valentine's out there.
All our ladies and all our guys who are like celebrate in Valentine's Day.
Whatever.
Just not an old fag kind of holiday.
You know, I'm just not all at the beginning of Valentine's Day.
Just don't have all that significance to me.
How about you?
What are you doing for the ladies in your life?
I'm going to be buying them some things.
And a Vermont teddy bear came for you for me.
But I've scondered with it.
And that's going to be part of my Valentine's package this year.
And may it buy me five minutes of peace and quiet.
A lot of guys out there give those things for another kind of peace.
And you're talking about.
I just want a piece of quiet.
Right.
Well, it's a good thing you intercepted that because what would I do with a Vermont teddy bear?
Give it to somebody that would be kind of like gay.
Yeah, I would bet a little bit.
No, not a little bit.
It would be very, very gay.
Even to gay for me.
And that's saying a lot.
Anything that's too gay for me is really over the top.
You know, 970 votes on the pool.
Let's get to a thousand by a one.
Please.
And then I'll just lay down, take a nap.
Well, I do have some stuff here.
Well, that sure helped me out, man.
I'll tell you that got me over the hump that the Prague stuff.
Yeah, it was good.
That travel it was good.
What do you mean it was good?
It's interesting.
It's interesting.
It was interesting.
Listen, let me say this right now.
This is from the bottom of my feet and the bottom of my parts.
One thing I can impart to you, people's out there travel.
I realize that not everybody's got the big bucks.
You don't have that big bucks.
You can get all kinds of good deals.
You can travel, you know, cargo, whatever.
But go out.
That's right.
Steerage is not bad.
And go see the real world.
Because I got news for you.
Unless you're listening online, somewhere outside of South Florida to me right now.
You aren't in the real world.
Trust me when I tell you.
Well, speaking of real world, when's that episode from Denver coming on?
Oh, no.
Man, do I need to see that?
Hmm.
I have a need.
Let's see.
Oh, here, George, it says, what about lime green pants?
That's good.
Lime green pants will be good.
I think mo.
And the behind.
Old mo.
Anyway, travel.
Trust me when I tell you.
And you'll rarely go wrong.
In fact, what I would suggest you is travel north?
West and east.
If you're in South Florida right now, do not travel south.
It's not a good idea.
That's just going to be a good idea.
You're going to run out of real estate if you do.
Well, that's correct.
I'm just saying.
I don't mean like do south necessarily, but you know what I'm saying.
Right.
Hawaii is really great too.
It's such a long slip.
That's the problem, man.
It's 11 hours flying time from South Florida.
But boy, Hawaii.
It is a paradise.
Oh, Hawaii is entranced.
That's correct.
I got to play that too.
What is it called again?
Hawaii.
Hawaii.
No gold.
No gold.
Alright.
I just love that.
And in the colesmith, you know it would have to be coming up pretty soon, right?
Right.
She was unresponsive and not breathing when the seminal tribes police department requested help from paramedics, according to a tape released today.
The headline on this in the Sun Central is, 9-11 tapes of your little about and in the colesmith's death.
There's a really good story on smirking chimp, it'll be on our website tomorrow.
It's way too long for me to read, especially in my current condition.
But about all these soldiers that are the Americans that are dying in their rack, and in fact,
they list a number of the names who died over the weekend on the set the same time she died, and about nobody know,
you know, other than the rather family and friends, nobody knows who they are.
It's just statistics.
Just another number.
That's right.
And here's all the hoopla about this big disgusting slut.
Although I will say one thing, I've seen some of the clips they show.
Once upon a time she was pretty hot.
Yes.
Once upon a time in America.
Right.
She was hot.
And she got fat and greasy.
Yeah.
And she lost all the weight again, but by then it was too late.
We didn't care.
In the 31 second call, the seminal tribal police department asked Hollywood paramedics for help and were assisting smith,
who was found unconscious in a room with the seminal hard rock hotel and casino.
And the second page, I printed out its flank.
That's not me doing that.
That's the sunsum.
By the way, find listener emailed me a link to that video with Charlize Theron and Rick Sanchez.
Oh, where she makes a jackass out of Rick Sanchez, more so than he does by himself?
Yeah, it's coming at you.
Good.
You watch it during a break.
Well, we're going to put it on our website, I hope.
If you wish, it doesn't, we can put the link up.
It doesn't look like that kind of video.
In other words, you go there and you see it.
As opposed to something you can download.
But you'd be the judge.
So what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
By the way, we got to spoon feed the audience now.
We can't just send them a link.
They can't click on the freaking link.
Are they that lazy?
Send it to everybody.
Is the audience that lazy that we have to spoon feed them for Christ's sakes?
And let me say it again before I get into this thing about the synagogue thing.
The synagogue thing.
Oi!
All these years that I've been screaming my brains out, you know, about organized religion and all of them.
History and the murder and the hate and the bigotry, the intolerance, the lunacy.
Just take a look at the world today, man.
Just take a look at all this crap.
Well, that's because they practice the wrong religion.
Yeah, that's right.
Because Muhammad, the soul he's thinking Muhammad wiped with his right hand and the Shiites screaming wipe with his left hand.
And he's right until all of them wipe his ass and who knows?
There's only one way to resolve that, you know.
And just kill the people.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
And that's the way to resolve that.
Which charged today with solicitation of a hitman to kill a lawyer and a witness in the case and with witness tampering.
Beneer 80 is being held in the Palm Beach County, jail awaiting trial in the synagogue shooting during Russia's Shona services.
Then left Jonathan St. Maryl's mortally wounded.
Twice shot in the back St. Maryl's 44 died in July of last year.
Got a picture of this old...
Get your key here.
Before his death, Sangles testified that he became a target of Beneer's ire.
After he and his business partner Mark Levy tried to help a long time employ Martha Pinto, who said ex-boyfriend Beneer had become verbally abusive and threatening.
The confrontation came at the synagogue which is located west of Boka.
Oh, we got to play the Boka song another of this.
Please, please.
Okay, you got it.
The Palm Beach Airsoft has now since the jailed Beneer tried to hire a hitman to kill his former lawyer James Eisenberg.
What if he's getting a mark Eisenberg?
Over in a ledge $100,000 debt another wounded synagogue victim and potential witness Levy.
Or is that Levy?
I've always wondered about that.
There's no way to really know.
There are certain names when you don't know how to pronounce them unless you know how the person who name it is pronounces it himself.
Levy, Levy, Goldstein, Goldstein.
Right.
Frank and Steen.
What was the other?
Frank and Steen.
Oh, Frank and Steen. I like Frank and Steen.
Wasn't Michael Sarrison, I love Michael Sarrison.
Profusely.
Till he got ugly.
The hitman was working for PBSO said Beneer offered $10,000 with $2500 of it up front to kill Levy explaining he wanted him gone and missing forever.
In other words, make him dead.
Later in early February, PBSO alleges Beneer told the phony hitman into the same thing you're going to do to Levy to Eisenberg.
Same price tag or this time no 12 grand.
It's inflation.
At one point PBSO says Beneer warned Eisenberg someone's going to get you.
Just like the OG is going to get you, someone's going to get you.
Why'd they just go to OG and then for five grand of it?
Hmm. I'll bet anything.
Oh yeah.
At any rate, I wonder if we're getting close to $1,000 in a pool.
What my throat is bad. The pool is bad. I don't know.
980.
Creep it and crawl.
They're not coming in a big chunks like usual.
Now let's see. What are they voting on here?
341, the Iraq resolution.
343 to nothing.
That's so-called troop surge.
No, this is just the motion to suspend the rules and pass the debate on the president's Iraq war true play.
They're not telling us what else is all about.
So if it's unanimous, it's obviously not about whether to continue funding this lunacy.
This barbaric slaughter, this massacre that's going on over there.
Who was it on?
I don't know. Keith Oberman is so good. I just can't believe how good he is.
He's great.
He has the Bechow on television countdown, 8 o'clock MSNBC, area 8 to 9.
Bechow on TV.
And one of his guests last night, he had a good line.
He said, Dick Cheney allows George Bush to wake up every morning in the White House, believing that he's really the president.
That's cute.
It was good line right on target.
Cheney's going to get his though, I think.
He's going to get a little something of some in here.
With Scooter, he better hop on his Scooter Libby.
What a phony, hypocritical piece of dirt with his bull-bike daughter and his bull-bike right in wife.
Almost steamy sex novel.
What about you, hypocrites?
You know, 27 past noon at QAM.
From and say cheese.
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Go back to Cuba with your papa, where you can play in the mud, we'll pack your beans and add a lot of us. Just go away, we're all fed up.
Go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back, go back
go back, lose, lose, lose, lose, move back, go back, go back, go back, go back,Ð¾Ð¼ well won, the
I don't know how many young girls I've had.
I don't know how many people I've had.
And you're lazy.
Look, they're giving away free assin' H green cards.
Can I have one?
So George was saving his story about the erosion.
And here's another good reason to get to Vermont, Tenigrere.
That's what I was thinking.
I'm a surprise.
Oh, stop it.
Although maybe I'll get roses this year after all.
You're bastard.
You really are.
I don't want to do your wife hates you like poison.
She doesn't hate me.
She's been a poison.
Okay, man.
I hate Yahoo, man.
I just can't stand when you send me that stuff on the Yahoo.
Because while I was sending things to your real email address,
but you said you'd never check that stuff.
I don't.
And in addition to which the so-called real email address
doesn't have a thing in the bottom right hand corner
that pops up when it says email message from George Rodriguez
or from this one or that one.
I say as opposed to these which do.
And that's the reason I just got this,
because it's on the coast of the Yahoo thing.
Okay.
And anyway, can I just move along with another lecture about what an idiot I am?
I already know that.
I'm well aware.
What do we got?
Nine.
Oh, nine, 98.
That's great.
I bet if I refresh it, we might have a thousand.
I doubt it though.
They kind of slowed down.
And again, apologize for a very bad poll today.
It's embarrassingly bad.
And even that moron was swearing last week.
Oh, a thousand before we got it.
They're coming in and chunks now.
Beautiful, lovely fluorescent chunks.
Anyway, here's the facts.
Our chronic regular list is like, I've had the Montetti beer last year for my girl.
And it works.
I sent it to her office and all her co-workers got jealous.
Now I'm doing her co-workers thanks.
That's cute.
Isn't that great?
Mm-hmm.
And it says before you come down here, get your origin teal speedo is because Brady Quinn
will be a fin.
And then it says, oh, right, right.
Well, wouldn't that be nice?
That'd be sweet.
And then I can find out for sure what his deal is.
You know, all kind of rumors about Brady Quinn.
I would put him right on the countertop here right now.
And just do amazing thing.
Yeah, there's that room on the countertop.
But I would like to have to like spread him over the board, I guess.
I'm sure you could manage.
I can find a way where there's a will there's a way.
Even in my condition, you know, where there's a will there's a gate.
Beautiful young man is what he is.
And of course, Josh kept giving us that crap a lot while he's a really tremendous college quarter back.
But he's not going to be a good pro court.
Well, how do you know that?
Who knows that?
Huh?
Space?
Huh?
Valentine roses sprayed with toxic chemicals.
This is bad.
Oh, this is in Bogota, Colombia.
See?
I'll say it again.
I don't know.
I've always, and you know the reason being the old fag that I am.
The Colombian people that I've encountered.
And when I say encountered, I'm talking about the little within my lifetime.
Oh, my goodness.
Such beautiful people with that smooth olivey from clutching.
Oh, I don't know.
You with the Colombian women I've seen have been fine to look at.
Yes.
And the Colombian guys.
Anyway, it's probably the last thing most people think about when buying roses, it says.
By the time the bright velvety flowers reach a valentine, they will have been sprayed,
rinsed, and dipped in the battery of potentially lethal chemicals.
Most of the toxic assault takes place in the waterlogged savanna surrounding the capital of Colombia.
Well, I really would love to go there, but a lot of people go there and they never come back.
I guess if you just don't go to Medellin, it's probably a good idea.
I don't know.
Anyway, most of the toxic assault takes place in the waterlogged savanna surrounding capital of Colombia.
Bogota, the world's second largest cut flower producer after the Netherlands.
Needle lines where they have all of them tulips mine.
Tulipin, it produces 62% of all flowers sold in the USA.
With 110,000 employees, many of them single mothers in annual exports of a billion dollars,
the industry provides an important alternative to growing cocoa, source crop of the Andean nations,
better known illegal export, cocaine.
But these you can have a cane.
Hey, listen, I got a cold.
Take a little bump there.
Not do drugs and bloodshed.
If you think I would do cocaine.
And anything that's hot like me is doing coke.
Well, you lose weight anyway.
Yeah, that's true.
It says, but these economic gains come out of cost to work yourself at Colombia's environment
according to consumer advocates.
The US requires imported flowers to be bug free, but unlike animal fruits and vegetables,
they're not tested for chemical residues.
Uh-oh.
Look out for those chemical residue, man.
In fact, some of it might even be chemical do-do, residue-do.
The travel equipment that drew US flowers, uh, flower growers to Colombia,
and neighboring Ecuador is a haven for pests.
So maybe I ought to move there, I guess.
So growers facing stiff competition from emerging flower industries in Africa and China,
plot pesticides and fungicides, some of which have been led to elevated rates of cancer
and neurological disorders, other problems.
Colombia's flower export is associated with spotted by launching floor ver. day,
which has certified 86 of its two-in-members for taking steps to improve worker safety and welfare.
I thought this was going to be an interesting story.
This is terminal.
What's interesting to a point, but then it's all, then it got not.
No, the last part is more interesting with their disease spells.
Floor ver. day is certified 86 of its two-in-members to take steps to improve worker safety and welfare.
Floor ver. day says its members have been reduced, my throat is so bad, I can barely even speak.
Since its members have reduced pests of sight used by 38% since 1998,
to an average of 213 pounds of active ingredient for 2.4 acres per year.
Do the math.
That's another expression.
Oh, I do the math.
Oh.
Everyday we're making more progress at Floor ver. day director Juan Carlos Isaza.
Well, what if he's come to Isabella Cassada? Isaza.
The value of Floor ver. day is that these best practices have now been standardized being adopted by the industry.
Nevertheless, however, 36% of the toxic chemicals applied by Floor ver. day farms in 2005 were listed as extremely or highly toxic by the WHO.
A survey of 84 farms between 2000 and 2002, partly financed by Assocola Flores, the Export Disassociation,
found only 16% respected the pesticide manufacturer recommendations for better workers from 24 hours from re-enderaing greenhouse,
and I was a spray with the most toxic pesticides. What was the movie The Hand that Rocks the Cradle? Don't go in the greenhouse.
No, I love that movie. That's a good movie.
It's a bitch for what I'm nasty, bitch, she was. And she still says she looks like Hillary.
In a way, that's not a bad comparison, actually.
But this is the first time you ever agreed.
Well, I'm going to get back to D'Mourne and Hillary Clinton, the same person.
When Hillary was younger, because they showed those pictures of her before.
Yeah. She didn't look bad when she was really young, you know.
Yeah, a lot.
Three. Just look just.
Carmen O'Huella began suffering dizzy spells and repeated falls in 1997 while working at a flower farm outside Bogota.
During the peak season before Valentine's Day, she said her employer forced workers to enter greenhouse,
as only a half hour after they've been fumigated.
And there's more to the story, but it didn't print out, and I'm really delighted that I'm sure the audience is too.
We don't know how Carmen made up.
Carmen O'Huella.
It's probably a common occurrence.
Probably.
11,000 votes under poll. I think my voice is just about at an end.
What do you think?
I think you can do it.
You think I can make another cup of tea through the bread?
And then I can go in and pee on my comforter.
How's that?
The biggest name, the best talent to do this is Leo Rogers, 420560.
He's U.A.M.
Holy and the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami.
On the Gilgonsum, Svother Ability meets with his attorney.
In preparation to take his son back to Cuba.
Well, Mr. Gownsale, how was your trip?
Very good, gracias.
Have any questions before we go any further?
C-C-C, these box, with the pictures.
It's incredible. What is this?
Oh, that's a television.
Oh, tell me.
Mr. Loyer, what does Wadda mean?
A part on me?
Wadda!
Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on?
Wadda!
Right, it's a greeting.
Wadda!
Now, I know that you're uncomfortable being here.
This is a very difficult time for you.
Mmm!
Mmm!
What is it here?
Oh, this pizza hot, stuffed crust pizza, he's incredible!
How did he get the mozzarella cheese into the crust?
I'm not sure.
So, as I was saying...
Wadda!
Yeah, as I was saying, we will try to make your stay here as comfortable as possible and get your home as quickly as possible.
Bye, bye, bye!
Are you going somewhere, sir?
No, I'm missing to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony Disman.
It's incredible!
Yes, Mr. Gownsale, they are quite incredible, but we'll be meeting with the...
Any game for two, you must take me, but eat eight no lie, bye, bye, bye!
Oh, God, sir, don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba?
What are you loco?
I love it here!
There's like 300 channels on cable, and I can watch all the yanking games!
But, sir...
Mr. Noya, what is it, Mr. Gownsale?
Wadda!
Oh, and I sure hope that Elon is missing his happy meals.
You're wondering, how can he play all these alien brits now?
Before you play all these aliens, that's not...
Why do I miss it?
I miss that whole period of time.
I'll bet.
It was ugly, and it was nasty, but then again, it saw a photo, so what else did it?
Didn't have to beg for a phone call then.
Oh, boy!
MAAAAA! MAAAAA!
MAAAAA! MAAAAA!
I just switched my brains now, my tea, because the other stuff that crap-berry-whatever was...
It was, you know, wasn't that bad, but wasn't that good, wasn't helping.
I see.
Now I have...
Ah!
Well, this stuff, obviously, is neither big or constant comment.
Oh, not even bad.
That's the orange flavored stuff, right?
It says, the famous delicious blend of fine tea flavored wood, the rind of oranges and sweet spice.
Sweet spice.
It's not bad, especially when you're, uh, alien.
Really?
When you be alien.
Yeah.
I haven't tasted it yet.
I like it some time.
Oh!
Man, what is it called, Constance cement?
Constance cement.
BOOM!
It's good stuff, man.
Woo!
I don't know, I can't tell.
It's kind of bizarre tasting.
It is different.
You had it?
Yeah, I've had it.
It's no-
Oh, great, but I'll take it, you know.
Okay.
Wait till you hear this.
Republican governor Charlie Gay, Christ, said today his political party should spend its time and money on issues that are more pressing than the anti-game marriage initiative.
It's funded for the past two years.
How do you like that?
What a shock, yeah.
Not.
Hey, Charlie.
You're fairies.
Donate surprised the backers of the initiative, the governor statement still concerned social conservatives who had doubts about Christ's conservative bona fides before he was elected last year.
Or is that bona fides?
Under his predecessor, fat-ass governor Bush, the Florida GOP spent 300 grand touting the proposed eight constitutional amendment narrowly defining marriage between a man and a woman.
The GOP money was 54-
What's 54 percent of the total raise?
You see how well that affected that was?
I think it's his constant comment.
Man.
The GOP money was 54 percent of the total raised by the amendments backers, Florida4marriage.org, which is still 25,000 voters signed petitions short to get the measure on the 2008 ballot.
It's still shy.
Christ signed the petition and publicly endorsed the measure.
Beyond that, though, he says he has other things to worry about, like probably his boyfriends.
Wouldn't you think?
No, I imagine.
I just think the Republican party's money can be better spent, other things that may be more pressing, like elections, for example, Christ said today.
I think that the people care about issues like insurance premiums, they care about property taxes, they care about pubic safety, and I think it's important that not only those of us in government, but the party focus on those issues too.
Matt Staver, an attorney who argued for the amendment before the Florida Supreme Court said,
Christ statement was not a retreat from his pledge of support for the amendment, but he thinks Christ is wrong about what the amendment is a priority.
Charlie Christ has his priorities misplaced if he thinks it's not money, well, spent Staver said,
it's one of the most important issues government can face.
It deals with the marriage and the family.
Ra, deals with hate.
Right, why do they make him do more to me?
And hate.
Mark, Matt, Staver, whoever the hell you be, okay?
You phony. You-
You phony.
Loser.
Anyway.
So that's what Charlie Christ says because everybody knows Charlie.
Yeah.
He don't want to pick on us, fag.
He's got to be called a hypocrite, which he should have been called during the campaign, but then again.
And this is in the heralded by Mark Caputo.
I notice Mark that you don't make any mention of the fact that the government is a-
Yeah.
Well, no, queen.
But, you know, it's a herald for you.
What do you expect?
A historic mall's winding hallways became a shooting gallery for an 18-year-old gunman in a trench coat,
who fired a shotgun randomly, a customer's killing five, wounding four before being killed by the police.
The shooter whose name was not released was also armed with a handgun, has several runs of ammunition,
Salt Lake City Police Detective Robin Center said earlier today, no motives been determined yet.
Crazy people with guns.
It's also called America.
For hours after Monday evenings, rampage at the trolley square shopping mall.
Police search stores for all of a sudden my voice came back.
It must be this a team, and it's great.
Yeah.
What a common moment.
What is it called?
Constant Command.
Constant Command, manual, manual, and maintenance.
This is good in their together.
It's always headed on hand.
How could I didn't start with this stuff at 9.30 before the show?
I could be talking with all the grief and serres.
Four hours after last night's rampage at the trolley square shopping mall in Salt Lake City.
Police search stores for scared shot shoppers and employees who were hunkered down, awaiting a safe escort.
They were hunkered down.
Marie Smith, 23, a bath and body works manager, saw the government through the store window.
She watched as he raised his gun and fired a young woman approaching him from behind.
His expressions stayed totally calm.
He didn't seem upset, or like he was on a rampage since Smith, who crawled to safety and employee restroom to hide with others.
She said the government looked like an average Joe, and of course you know what they say, don't you?
Yeah.
Nobody wants another Joe.
Kilber, 228-year-old woman, a 52-year-old man, a 24-year-old man and a 15-year-old girl, scatterset, unbelievable.
Four people hospitalized a man and a woman in critical condition, two-minute serious condition.
Crazy people with guns, also known as America.
Matt Lund was visiting his wife Barbara Manjo, the secret garden children's clothing store when he heard the first shots.
A couple of them three others hid in the storage room for about 40 minutes.
I saluted with still able to hear the violence.
We heard them say, police drop your weapon, then we heard a gunfire, a fine of being.
Then there was a barrage gunfire said along 44, it was hard to believe, especially in America.
They say, that's one thing you won't find in the Prague, and you won't find in a rural mind, you won't find probably in London, and you won't find in Amsterdam.
A bunch of crazy people shoot it up like a wild west, because they never had the wild west.
Right.
You're not eating again, are you?
Yes, I am.
What is it now?
It's a sandwich from Howe's.
Oh, thanks Howe's. Howe's is the best.
They say, officers treated everyone like suspects ordering those hiding in the store.
When bathrooms were understair, we also lie in the floor of their hands on their heads until police were sure no one posed a threat.
On the way out, Lund said he saw a woman's body face down at the entrance to pottery barns, kids in a man's body on the floor of the mall's east-west corridor.
There were a lot of blown-out store windows and shotguns, shell casings all over the floor, and said it was quite surreal.
The victims were found throughout the 239,000 square foot shopping mall.
Outside, streets were blocked as police swarmed before a block scene.
Dozens of people linger on the sidewalk, many racked in blankets as they talk about what they'd seen inside.
The two-story mall southeast of downtown Salt Lake City is a refurbished trolley barn built in 1908 with a series of winding hallways, brick floors,
rot iron balconies, and about 80 stores including high-end retailers such as Williams, Sonoma, and restaurants including the Hard Rock Cafe No-Las.
How do you like that?
And Teak Store owner Barrett Dodds, 29, said he saw a man in a trench coat exchanging gunfire with police officers outside a card store.
The government said it was back into a children's clothing store.
Maybe he was just shooting a free Valentine's card.
That could be.
I saw the shooter go down and said, Dodds who was from the second floor.
Four police officers and one off duty from Ogden, three Salt Lake City officers involved in the shootout with a gunman.
Scyther said she would find no other details.
Barbara McEwell in the 60 of Washington was another antique shop with two frantic women ran in reported gunshots.
Then we heard shot after shot loud loud loud loud on a bay in the town.
Since she heard about 20 shots, she and three other people had in the restaurant case still a little safe.
The Van Moose.
It's the American effinemaway view.
That's the way it works in America.
Crazy people with guns, guns with guns, lunatics with guns, rapists with guns, slime balls with guns,
you better get one to protect your country.
All of these crazy people.
That's right.
And then there will be another crazy person with a gun.
Me.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll.
We got our thousand yet or what?
This is really a little pondress today.
A thousand forty one, I start, we headed a long time ago.
Well, since I've had this common constant crap tea,
that is really nasty taste of it but boy, it gets a job done.
Can you hear just after a sip of that, the difference?
Sure.
Well, that's what we said.
And then they're always touted it was for ailments.
Every time I got so much as a sniffle, she was always, how about some constant comment?
Really, yeah.
I never heard of it.
Because of the whole citrus thing, get it?
Oh, the oranges.
Yeah, well, I was in Florida.
Oh, I was in Florida.
Oh, it's coming back up.
I had this allergy.
Anyway, here's the poll.
It's a stupid poll.
What do you think Neo wears during his daily show?
I mean, what a dumbass poll.
His briefs and t-shirts, you see, this is the thing I already gave them the right answer.
But it doesn't have any difference.
Right, because they answered the question they want to answer anyway.
No, they just do something stupid.
His briefs and t-shirts, 288.
Guardabelle, the stockings 96, they're lovely, by the way.
I hate this poll 89.
Only Boxer's 87.
That's the right answer.
But it doesn't seem to make it.
Oh, God.
Schwarzenegger who I insured 84.
His bad room 82.
Tom Brady, a football jersey, 64.
Right, Anna, did I ever thank Rick for saying it was a Rick?
That's something that's the Tom Brady picture, autographed?
Yes.
Thanks, Rick.
I got that several days ago.
I thanked him on the MySpace.
Nice picture.
Hey, Tommy.
That's for you, sweetie.
Valores, a sweatsuit 45.
Brown quarter-wise, but pledged shirt 45.
Nightcount 34.
And L-Five first 32, better start soon.
Nada, nothing el Nudo 31.
Only a jock 27.
Tans, Slice, Navy Blazer 18.
Tocito 10.
Three P-Suit 5.
Lime Green Pants 2.
Well, I better get back to Florida's T-Time.
See, that's just drinking T-Time.
It's golf time, T-Time.
Who's that young man getting on that subway somewhere?
Wow.
Who the hell was that?
And Nightshirt, Solomon Tate Dose.
The biggest name, self-destallance.
The biggest is Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
You AM.
The Dorawer.
Ah!
Ah!
On the next Friday, nice frighter,
He's a memory man for himself in a six-way place-off.
Six men, one ring.
George Love, man.
So Paz says, Leno is the biggest two-faced dude on TV.
Jay Leno.
The irony here or more, I take on George Bush.
I admit it, Dick Cheney is not the prettiest face on the ticket.
Dick Cheney.
The president of the United States.
It's this honest.
Donald Trump.
Roger Euler, the Rosie O'Donnell.
Well, he's that in the cat.
And for the nice frighter, it falls up like a pet.
OK, 101 at 560 WDQ on that teamwork's like magic.
Beautiful.
Oh, I see.
I've been out for like a couple of minutes.
You know, it's like anything else.
It's soothing, right?
Temporary.
Right, very temporary.
When you're talking and irritating your throat,
and at post nasal drip, it's dripping, dripping, dripping, dripping.
Like, like, like, like that.
Here's the fact that it says,
really?
How do you spell that?
Like, like that.
Oh no.
Darker green.
That's good, that's very good.
It's on the darker green, the better it is.
Did you know that?
I did not.
That means the darker the green is,
that the longer the flim has been in your body.
Ooh.
I see.
That's what I've heard.
I have no idea.
Anyway, it's pretty dark.
It says,
Uncle Neil, I hate to agree with George.
Just kidding, George.
That's right.
That's why I spelled your name with the G the first time.
That's it.
Just kidding.
Oh, good.
J. They're covering their bases.
I see.
But peeing on the confederer is unacceptable, it says.
Unacceptable.
Unacceptable.
I think your friend left a bit tip to the, a bit tip to the poor maid that had to deal with that.
Couldn't he have found a cup or some other type of receptacle in the room?
Question mark.
I don't know.
I have to ask him tonight.
Let me do it.
The little plastic waste baskets are all over the place.
See, remember that song by Ed Ains from a hundred years ago,
my cup runneth over.
See, I don't think that's a good idea.
If his bladder was bursting,
and I don't have any idea how much drinking he was doing prior to this desperate moment, right?
When you first get up in the morning, that's generally a time when I, you know,
you're letting loose with a significant amount of fluid.
Oh, and I'm one for it too.
It's like I need to go now.
Right. Right.
So the deal being, you know, a cup probably wouldn't have done a job.
I don't know.
Waste baskets.
Plastic waste basket.
Oh yeah, that would have been very appetizing.
That would have been really nice.
The comfort, at least, taking sure it in the washer, you know,
and get all that out.
Waste basket.
Someone's going to have to pick that baby up and like take it somewhere very dark,
and like empty it, and went in doubt that out.
Not good.
You tie it up.
You tie what up?
Well, I don't want to know the answer.
The plastic bag that's in there.
You tie what up in a plastic bag?
The hotel waste baskets.
They have plastic lined waste basket.
Yeah.
A little garbage bag in there.
And so you're peeing a garbage bag?
You pee in a garbage bag.
You're taking some paper in there.
You get the stationary out of the stationary drawer.
It's a Gideon Bible.
You throw that in there.
Look at all the things.
You can't look forward to it in my life that I've never done before.
The one I did yesterday and the, I'm the way to the elevator.
I didn't make it to the elevator.
But that was, uh,
it was, uh, unfortunate is what it was.
I pooped my pants.
Yeah.
But it was okay.
It all came out in the end.
Bangkok, Thailand.
This is on the eve of Valentine's Day, no less.
A word of advice to young Thai lovers on Valentine's Day?
No kissing in public.
Bangkok police say they plan to protect underage couples from these
sting of Cupid's arrow, and we'll crack down on what's deemed to be
inappropriate behavior.
Oh my God.
The trolls will start after school hours in high-risk areas like this is so
silly, but it's true.
Like public parks, shopping malls and restaurants, they'll expand the evening
to include nightclubs, bars, and so-called love motels, which went small
rooms for short periods of time.
I wonder what's going on in those rooms.
I don't know.
I'd totally begin to imagine.
If we find teenagers below 18 engaged in inappropriate behavior like kissing,
we will give them, maybe they're kissing in the comfortor.
We'll give them warnings and report them to their parents so they can pick
them up.
Alcohol is definitely a catalyst for this kind of behavior, so we'll keep an
eye on underage drinking since some guy with 85 of vowels in his name and
42 consonants.
The Metropolitan Police Force is also asked nightclub and bar owners to help
out turning away underage customers.
These places are not meant for kids.
He said any of the Valentine's Day required extra vigilance because they seem to be
more vulnerable to sexual temptations in this particular night.
The crackdown on public displays of affection is latest effort to balance the
countries' look-to-the-other-way tolerance with Buddhist values of modesty and
manners.
I said, of course, we know that those, we know that those Asians don't do a lot of
hanky spanky because that's why there's only like 85 billion of them.
Right.
Over the weekend the Culture Ministry issued what are called the 10 commandments of
love to encourage teenagers, not to engage in sexual activity while celebrating
Valentine's Day.
What's that love of a Taiwanese style or Thailand style?
The first commandment, love with patience so as not to become a young parent.
Wait a minute, stand up.
The first commandment, love with patience so as not to become a young parent.
Number four, urges used to love carefully to avoid the risk of sexually transmitted
diseases.
Unfortunately, the other eight in the top ten are not listed in the story, that's very
sad.
Because I'm sure it would have been very informative and very educational for all of our
listeners out there for probably doing too much hanky spanky to begin with.
Probably going to be appropriate like rabbits.
Thousand sixty-five votes on the pool, man.
But it's said if we can do and we started out with a fairly even low number because
Eric put it on there.
I don't know about seven, whatever the hell he did.
Who knows.
I was embarrassed to be even associated with it.
Yeah.
Next 48 hours.
And where's the good looking weather guy?
How come he got this brought on there?
I guess they heard you liked him.
Yeah, that must be it.
She's nasty looking.
Pennsylvania, we're going to play a city by city guys.
I'm going to make some.
Okay, let's see it city by city.
Next 48 hours.
Sixty-five minutes.
Sixty-five minutes.
It says only one to speak.
That's a lot of.
They're crazy.
You're crazy people on CNN.
And by the way, if you're traveling do not ever.
Here's some real good advice.
Take it from me.
Do not pay any attention to USA today.
You know, on USA today where everything is very colorful of course.
And you open up the front section in the back page.
It's the weather page.
Yeah, it's pretty.
For the, you know, and when you get to European edition of course it's got the whole Europe thing
on there to map of Europe and in North America and whatever.
The whole world.
Well, if you like the colors on the picture it's more power to you.
Okay, have a good time.
But as far as taking for granted or accepting any of the weather forecastes they give you.
I wouldn't give you a nickel for the whole deal.
And the same here on CNN.
They're standing in front of the World Weather Map or the US Weather Map.
And they give you a song and a dance to North America.
They haven't got a, a Chinaman's chance in hell of being right.
You could have a woodpecker right at adding on a map and probably with a better chance of
a right at adding in the right place where it's going to snow.
They don't know what they're talking about.
The best way, if you like, you're going to have travel plans is to go online.
And like, like look up Berlin weather or Amsterdam weather or Paris weather.
And then, and then when you get, when you're through googling it'll give you like the local newspaper.
For example, in fact in Amsterdam if you look up the telegraph.
And you click that on and you go to a head veer the weather.
It'll tell you the weather for next several days.
And you know it's accurate because it's being printed right there in Amsterdam.
As opposed by some schmuck in New York who's looking on the wire somewhere and getting a bunch of inaccurate information.
See what I'm saying? What are you saying?
I'm saying that the forecast are so diametrically opposed to what it really is going to be.
That if you go on CNN and you travel, you're going to be very, very sorry.
So for example, if you are going to Prague and you pick the time of year you're going like a week before you go,
you go on the thing you Google Prague weather and you go on there and you find what looks like a reliable site.
And they'll tell you for the next five or six days, which will help you pack or decide if you want to go at all or blow your brains out of whatever you want to do.
That'll help you a little bit.
That just a little travel advice from somebody who's been around a little bit.
I've been here. I've been there like that bit goes.
Everyone howardine bit. This thing actually is pretty soothing. It's good.
Good. Notice how Malif Lewis, my voice is now. I sound like I'm ready for Westbrook Van Voorhees imitation almost.
For the bank kind.
By the way, when are we bombing Iran? And notice they just had the dog and honie show there again.
Whatever we feel like it would ever be gets up on a cranky side of bed.
Whenever Cheney decides that he's in to be you doing this scooter movie trial.
But things are a little bit too tight around his neck. Then all of a sudden, but I'm being and we're going to start nuking everybody just to get them off his fat ass.
That's your president, Dick Cheney.
1066 on the pool while I tell you on a pool like this, you talk about a loyal audience.
I wouldn't waste my time even looking at a much less vote on it. All I did. I voted for.
I voted for the accurate answer because I know only boxes. And look, it's only got three more votes.
Only boxes. Let me say this to you again. Is the correct answer.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, stop what? I me coating you, make me your ass.azy, me scratch something queste, me scratch it Germaine. You can't bite it satisfaction. It's the name you must take into account before you get it all. Out of control, show you his pì´ëŠ”, I'm all right, I say everything, look at him he might look ass, that catch me. Look at God, a good fuck, he might look ass, I've got man's weight. I was gonna get completely lost after this occasion. You know that kid, I think god, watching this you said that makes sense. How many a ie in the toilet prize for God's money, I always see each other, and just like that kid in absolute truth I know he went super Elementor, I'd say that
But it's got a cold you know that there's no God I'll tell you that right now. There is only
Deal good if you have a cold you know there's no God my wife would be there be such a thing
Am I right right right? Oh, there's the nine one one tape soft
See in some of those pictures she looks really a spectator with those giant fake boobs, you know, right?
She looks really good there and then
And then all of a sudden she went what's with the dough and how can we get some yeah?
Oh just look in the fridge. Maybe she's got the 90 a thousand bucks in the fridge too like that guy lose the end of the
We elected breezer yet
Well, you know, it's Louisiana. Let's say that he those kind of people they like what's his name in Ray Nagan
They put the lose in Louisiana trust me when I said tornadoes in Louisiana overnight
God is not happy with Louisiana. He is not happy with
Ray Nagan the candy man
From minutes after one if I sound empty here. You want to know why it's because I am I am just you know
I've not that I feel that bad, but it's just a struggle in this tea. Oh
Too much tea. Now is this also no caffeine. I hope I don't think there is this has caffeine. Oh well good
Why is that good? I mean, yeah, no means I won't be able to sleep tonight. That's tonight ingredients tea
Rind of oranges spice and natural flavor isn't it supposed to say whether it's got caffeine or not
Unless the other one's name it does it has the the thinning which is the you know the tea
It has one thinning which I understand is the tea equivalent of caffeine. It's very well. You should know a lot of crap
It's too bad. It's useless. I don't know
I don't see that I heard this in French on the inside mode didn't who I put out
They showed
Whatever the hell I mean why this friendship is so man so how do you go?
Well, that's the French for you 113 and 560 WDQ and I feel so much better from this common comfort cold comfort tea whatever the hell it is
Constant comfort or constant. Yeah, comforted
Don't touch it. No, don't smell it and seriously. I don't cover yourself up with it. Oh, man, but it's hot
People
On
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I'm a big deal fam man.
I know that's why they're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
They're not putting their weather kit on there.
Husåº•, can you to see an ice cream,
Then you have it,
He's like a bird.
old mustard plaster. Do you ever heard that? Oh yeah. Talk about putting something on your chest.
Not mustard poultice. Yeah, mustard plaster when you were a kid. Well they did more damn things to
you when you were a kid. And you know something I think I two bad my parents are both there because
I can sue them right now for parental malpractice. In fact even if they wouldn't have done those
things they still ought to be sued. Well today, the day is going to come. I'm serious because you know
obviously I'm winding down. I've only got about 10 years of this left, whatever. But just like I
told that Jacob story on there which was a very shocking day. I think one day if I'm in a very
just it would have to be just in the right mood you know. Yeah. I'm going to tell the
story. I've never told you either about my repressed childhood. That that's why now at my
advanced age for those people out there who may think that I'm you know been a little spastic
which I have been lately last couple of months. But I think I'm trying to like re re gain a piece
of my childhood that I never lived. You have to follow what I'm saying? Absolutely. We do all the time.
Do we? Absolutely. Some of us do. Because I had I'm not saying that I lived like in poverty
or anything like that. There are people who have had much worse upbringing than I had. But I just
had the parental malpractice of what I would say people who should have been fixed which I'm glad
they weren't because otherwise I wouldn't be here. I wouldn't be opening up a big mouth. But
nevertheless some of us can relate and we had poverty too. Oh that's not good. So the real poverty.
I'm not complaining you understand. I've done fairly well. Right. We're an old you know.
Fairly well. So what was I talking about before that that was so very important?
Yeah. Something about a lot of things. Thank you. How you're going to love it? I know that he
don't interject too much. But when he does man it's very important because when you're big and fat
like he is he don't want to spend any extra energy. You'll get all out of breath. Well that's
that's what I'm not good for it. Like it too carried away like just jump up. You know like take it
easy. I was really impressed with Josh Cortis this morning. When when you told him I guess you
must have found him and told him that I bought him the new flavor way thing. I spent a whole I
told you we were in the magic room. Yeah but you didn't tell him in there. Sure I did. Oh you did?
After grabbing for his head after standing on the toilet. Oh you didn't know that happened. You are
such a child man. Oh I think I'm I being an overgrown child. You are making the making grizzly
bear sounds taking swipes at his head while he's sitting around. And Kenny was in there at PN and he
thought it was the strangest thing. Kenny Walker yeah he was in there. Would they have his
comfort or with them or not? No he was uncomforted. I see well it probably was a comforting thing when
I saw you trying to smash just anyway can I give back to this. This is so extremely important. Yeah
right but I just it's just a part of my sinility. You're going to love this next however long I
last because there is no question that I'm going through like a post sinility spindle or something
like that. It is. You're set a lot of childhood. The part of my present and that much from it.
It's been more fun. But anyway getting back to Josh. So you want to interfere because you're like
you don't like Josh that much. No I want to bump him up so I can speak. Yeah I'll be honest
with you. When you come right down to it because we have a lot of people in the audience who think that
you know because I'm an old fag everybody every young male guy who's in there. Oh Neil's got
the hots for Josh. You know everybody who's ever been in and of course how many times do you think
I've ever even seen him in my lifetime. A couple. Not too many. I would say maybe a half a dozen.
I mean I met him one time before he was working on the show. I met him one time in the elevator
and he was very nice and you know introduced himself and shook my hand and I love your show and
listen for years and my mother works or whatever the hell it was. I don't know. Just very nice.
Very extraordinary. You know like a friendly guy and of course in Florida that's very unusual.
But so you know to make a long story short because of the fact that the only times he generally
worked in there is when I'm here and you know or I'm on vacation or not doing a show and you
and he were doing it you know correct. So I've been one time I've ever seen him with a very
rare time is when I came down and made a mistake of doing a couple of shows in the studio and you
worked there. So I don't ever see him. But when he came in this morning after you told him that I
had ordered him the new flavor. Not just the lamp you understand which I have no idea how much that
was but you know me that's me. And I don't respect the pad on the back for it. It's just me. I'm just
you know I got I make some money and why not spread it around for whatever if I like people I like
doing stuff makes me feel good to do it. And when he came in here and he gave me that crap which
of course we all knew it was crap about how I love you and on the goodness. I mean that was all for
fun. No it was not he loves me passionately. He does. In fact if you and if you only knew what he
and I have been doing but anyway. Now he's a he's a good kid. He's a bad guy. Well yeah that's
just a warm fuzzy old bag.
Olding in America baby we have a guy named Scooter. Well what can I say and of course there's
the scooter for the scooter. We talked about that couple weeks ago but I'm in coherence. I'm
repeating a lot of old stuff. That's me old you know that's what what's his name across the
street. He's old. He's old. He's old. He's an old Jew's over there. Yeah.
That name Joel Feinberg and he's talking about old Jews at any rate. Here's the latest and the
greatest I am in the cool. You didn't think I could get out of here by it before too and more
and not more. I was hoping you wouldn't. Here's the update. It's really great. And in the
cold Smith and she's still dead by the way. She was responsive and not breathing. When an Indian
tribes police department requested help from paramedics courted that tape release today. This
morning. In the 31st second call the Seminole tribal police department asked Hollywood paramedics
for help and assisting Smith who was found unconscious in her room at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel
Casino on the tribe's reservation. Now let's see where's that. I just wasn't conscious.
There you go. Why don't have that much use for that drop and some eyes will use it somewhere.
She's not breathing and she's not responsive. She's on actually an article Smith, the woman from
the Seminole police desert saying and asking for help in room 607. She's on actually an article Smith.
Oh, okay. A woman at the Hollywood Department of Justice. Oh, I see. Oh, okay. A woman
at the Hollywood Police Department response. Officials say they were on the scene six minutes
after the call. Smith, a former playboy, playmate model and reality TV character,
ride was pronounced dead about an hour later to hospital reality TV. My ass was at a real world
Denver on. I don't know. Oh, I got to see that. Hollywood police captain Tony Rody who played the
tape for the media referred all questions to the Seminole police department. We should not
immediately respond to a call for comment today. Their mum. This investigation belongs to the
Seminole police department. We already said you're looking at the extent of our role. I'm going to have a
big. Oh, man. Yeah. Okay. Anyway, the investigation belonged to the Seminole. The initial
emergency call to the Seminole police was not released. Seminoles are a sovereign Indian nation
and not subject to state or government, open government laws. Smith's partner Howard Case
Stern wasn't with her when she died. How many people do you think? Because there's so many dumb
people who are out there, you know, on the loose. How many people every time they hear Howard Stern
think that it's radio Howard? Plenty. That's why they had to keep saying Howard Case Stern and he
makes it a point of throwing that out. What if he's getting the Howard Case Smith? He's dead.
Do you remember Howard Case Smith? No way. He was ABC News anchor long before your time. I remember.
You do? Sure. He always looked like he was sucking on a quince. I never watched the news,
but I'm aware of who he was. Oh, okay. He was on air. He was, you know, as I was asked.
Born. Seminoles partner Howard Case Stern wasn't with her when she died, but he had been there
that morning and knew she was very sick. His sister Bonnie Stern said. Smith had been running
a fever of 105 degrees and the nurse was icing her down a rear that day. Boy, it must have taken
a lot of ice. Sure. When he left her, no, no. One of there is no more upholmerized camp. Jesus.
When he left her, she was sleeping, Bonnie Stern said Howard Stern had been gone. That's Howard
Case Stern only about two hours when news reached him that Smith was dead. His sister said and she
was in bed and whatever. That's what I read. Bonnie, Bonnie Stern who recently traveled from
her Beverly Hills, Hills home to the Bahamas to comfort her brother. I wonder if she we have
brought a comforter with her. I drive. Said she had tried to get Smith to visit a doctor,
but Smith had refused because she was afraid that it would drop publicity. They had, now who
was that big fat cow who want to be sister that was on last night on King? Who was that broad?
A good friend. I know her as big fat cow. Wow. What up? Jesus. They had plans to get a yacht and
go buy an engagement ring. They were going to get married February 27th. It was going to be a real
marriage. She said after what she thought caused Smith's death, Bonnie Stern said her immunity was so
low, she was so depressed, she just kept getting sick and her body just probably broke down. It kind
of sounds like me. That's why I've got this cold now. It's probably my immune system is down from
being so neurotic. But I'm over that now. I'm a good big camper. I'm a new new child.
Smith had never recovered from the loss of her 20-year-old son Daniel who died in the Bahamas in
September. They showed some more clips of him during all of this feeding frenzy they're having
to buy and the cool. I still say he looked pretty good. He died in the Bahamas in September while
visiting his mother. This family seems to have a run of strange things going on. It was visiting
her in the hospital. She just had that baby and he's sitting in the chair. He's dead.
20-years-old he's dead. Well, and now she was a layner in the bed. They were icing her ass down
and she's dead. Let's go into the founder and CEO of trimispa,
New Smith. Well, from working with her as a company spokesmodel said she suffered from
social anxiety as well. Even after years in the celebrity spotlight, she was clearly
incredibly misunderstood going to hold the early show on CBS this morning. Smith had gone through
drug we have in the past and her mother, Virgi Arthur had blamed drugs for her daughter's death.
Smith met Stern in 96 when she was referred to as law firm, Bonnie Stern said. He started doing
her legal work then it became her confidante. They became best friends and he fell in love with her.
She said, isn't that sweet? Well, I won't be no Valentine's Day for them, I guess.
Alright, Stern 38 is listed in the birth certificate of the father of Smith's baby and I have
been pronouncing that wrong by the way. Dan, I don't know, Danny, Danny Lynn. Okay.
Danny Lynn sounds fine. Is that correct? Sure. Why not? I've been saying Danny Lynn. I don't know.
Okay. Anyway, he's listed nobody cares. He's sitting in the people with entertainment and I
use the executive of a world record for Smith. I believe everything to the little girl,
Danny, Daniel Lynn, hope Marshall's to whatever her damn name is. Another one of her
Daniel, Dan name, another man Larry Burke and also claims to be the father and actress
Joshua Gaboris husband, Prince Frederick Van Anhalt. She recently said he had a decade
longer affair with Smith and he might be the father. She was doing everybody, man.
She was doing pushups in the pickle patch. Van Anhalt said Monday that he plans to file
a paternity challenge in court once a DNA test. Burke Hold, what's a Burke kid, whatever the hell
his name is, told New York's Daily News that he and Smith had meticulously planned for the
birth of the child, but that after they broke up, he was pushed to the side. Oh, there's nothing
worse than getting pushed to the side. Oh, that's bad. Like garbage, like human garbage,
when they push you off to the side. Who needs you, no more? You know, like that.
Howard is never like me. He never wanted me to end it to be together. Burke had 34 told
that they lose and Tuesday's editions. After she got pregnant, things went down quickly,
down hill because of his distance of opinion on several matters. Burke had recounted how he had
tried to save Smith from her risky lifestyle. He said Smith left him because it was
a tense to intervene. The couple split early last summer. I watched her all over to make sure
she was safe. And once I was basically pushed to the side, he said I had no control over what she
did to anyone else or matter. Bonnie Stern said there were some times of some intimacy between
Burke and Smith, but said Larry Burke was not her boyfriend. I can't keep all these guys straight,
if you're part of that expression. I don't know. Between Howard Case, Stern and Burke had the
Sheikah bearer being who ever had another guy with. I can't keep him all straight. Well,
I kept coming back. I needed a long two-hour episode of Mari to find out who that, you know,
baby's father is. Well, that sounds like a real woman to me. How's that Kani Chang show doing,
by the way? The biggest name, the best talent to the business, Leo Rogers, 4th radio 560,
QAM. Thank you, baby. He said, he said, it was a lost one of his most dynamic and influential
superstar. Really dead, really dead. James Brown died early this morning in Atlanta hospital.
He said, laying in a box with a flower by his head. He's not bearable. He's not legally married.
He's younger. A wife wants some of this bread. Everyone already said farewell.
There's been over a month and he's starting to smell.
Bunches of people are in your will. So just why are you lying here still?
Lying in the living room. You don't say a word. I'm waiting for you to say,
I don't get enough. Man, I'm twisting. No one will bury me. No one will bury me.
And I'm starting to rock by the minute. Would you bury me? This minute may be. No one will bury me.
No one will bury me. Can you put me in the ground by tomorrow?
And I'm really starting to believe that you think I'm in disposable.
How effective I am. I'm dying out of here. Every time I play that, he just don't want to go in here.
Just keep jumping back at you. Rick Riley was always coming back at you too.
That was the sad part. That's why you hated him like poison.
Right. What's he doing these days? Do we have any idea?
Because everybody will say, blow it. Oh, sure, whether they's you and Phil and Randy and Sudzen.
They were saying on Friday during that great show we had while eating lobster biscuits.
Oh, that's why the show was so great because Sudzen was there. I never heard him that lobster biscuits.
But that sounds off the ground. You know how soothing that would be to my whole show right now.
Although I'll tell you.
It's very creamy. Very seriously. This constant comment sure is how beats that other crack.
What about that crackberry was?
I've never heard that.
Whatever. Was that like an herb tea or something you were drinking that day?
I don't know. It's the same brand. It's big.
And this stuff is, do these things like last I mean like forever? I guess so.
What? Tea bags.
Oh, generally speaking I mean unless you'd like just sit them on the sun or something.
They don't expire in other words. Correct.
I mean I'm not a big tea person. I'm not you know the only time if I got a sore throat like
today and I don't really have a sore throat. I just got a scratchy throat. I had a sore throat.
I'd been going a long time ago.
1121 votes on the pool. I think the only thing that saved me was that
the accidental prog two hours. I killed half of the show.
Thank you so much again.
What do you think Neil wears while doing his daily show? Is the pool question a horrible pool?
And we still got 1121 votes. How do you like that?
And Chris would have pushed it. We probably got 1130.
Oh, well don't waste your effort pushing when we have a really bad pool.
Which we don't I don't care what your general mangle there Joe, Joe paranoid West, whatever his name is.
Jones Schwartz. I don't care what he says.
Our polls are excellent.
Am I right? Oh yeah, definitely.
Joe Bell rhymes with sometimes swell. Sometimes not. Don't make me swell. I'll tell you that.
Makes my brain swell. What do you think Neil wears during his doing his daily show?
During the show? I've told you the answer and it's still in third place.
Oh my god. Is that incredible or what?
It reminds me of a $64,000 question.
Quiz show 80s and years ago. I forget who the host was. Was it how March maybe that
rings the bell with me? And he asked this guy. It was a baseball question.
And he answered the question and he was like, uh, and he said, oh, I'm sure you must know it.
And he gave him like, they started giving him the first name. You know, they started answering the question.
That's who eventually went off the ear and they all went to jail. But nevertheless,
uh, his briefs and a t-shirt, 305. Well, guess what? That's winning hands down and it's still wrong.
It wasn't right before. It's not right now. I don't wear no t-shirt. Only, only some kind of a
worst, some kind of an old worst to be wearing a t-shirt. It's nice and toasty in here right now.
It says probably about 73, 72, 74, something like that. It's wrong with these people. Outside,
it's like minus infinity. Garden belt and stockings, 102. I'm going to work on that for next week.
Is this, uh, he's one of our Myspace people. And here's the picture Tom Brady is holding his head in his
hand. And he signed it. Tom Brady 12. It's not personalized autograph. That's unfortunate. But
nevertheless, I just give him a big kiss right on the lips. No less. Oh, how disgusting. I
sure, I'll, uh, if he catches the cold, ain't no big deal, huh? Right. It probably passes along
to some slut that he's probably, I shouldn't say that. That's back. Like I told you about Tom Brady,
who's he doing? Anybody he wants? Anybody he wants? Tom Brady football jersey 69. No brown
quarterwise in the play. I'd sure 51. Adult diapers 47. That's coming next week also, I think,
along with the, um, the Glockenspiel and the, um, Garden belt and the stockings. Adult diapers
depends. I want to do nails and get them. Oh, 47. Calora sweatsuit 46. Night Gown 36. Do you have any
idea how it will leave them going to be when it gets to be two o'clock in love? Minnesah? Uh,
very. I'm just struggling because I can't talk about this flim. I feel not too bad.
But nevertheless, uh, where'd I leave off? Night Gown 36. Not a nothing El Nudo 31. You should live
so long. Only a jock is got 30, man. I'm wearing a jock strap from high school.
The only 10 in my life, I ever wore a jock strap, wasn't a high school. I mean,
where else would you wear a jock strap? Unless you wear a jock, huh? What kind of, what kind of an idiot
walks around with a jock strap on? Oh, no. They're comfortable. No, they are not comfortable.
They can all look. Sure they are. Huh? Sure they are. Get out of here. Are you crazy?
When's the last time you wore a jock strap? High school? Well, not comfortable. 10 slice of
navy blazer 20. Tuxedo 10. Lime green pants 7. 3 P. Su 5. And a Nichert. Solomente. Dos.
Sultanto duet. Out of 1129. See what a great linguistic genius I am, man. I know at least three
words in every language. Your link weenie. Yeah, I know a little bit of, yeah, the weenie part.
I know a little orruzki. Huh? Padamachi. Parruzki. Wow. I thought I was going to lose it right
there to the end of the show that would have been bad. You would have had to do about two, three minutes.
I got me good. Yeah, you would just play that crap. That's always that's one thing about George.
Now, who is it that sent you that caustic was on our Myspace thing? Please somebody we know,
one of our regular people. Please don't play music next time. Well, that was Sean.
Oh, now that's right. It's on here. It's on the pile of what a memory you've got, boy.
My good friend who did come through during the vacation week with a full for me.
Did he really even though he hates me? He's still there for me. He doesn't hate me. He always says it's crap.
He said, as Muhammad is the prophet of Allah, do not allow George to do other music show in your
absence. I'm praying to you, looking your heart. Had Sodom and his torture is made in conclave,
they couldn't device suffering as more hellish than that which was inflicted by the
catterwalling George forced it upon us. Catterwalling, I love that word. That's good. We love George
for reasons we cannot articulate. See, he loves us like Josh Cordes loves me. That's a shot.
What? We love George for reasons we cannot articulate. Oh, stop. Jesus man, but his taste is not in his
touche. His taste is the beast touche. See, he didn't even write this right. He should have said,
Tushy, I think he's trying to say Tush. He doesn't let his know it. He doesn't know how to do it. That's
what you do when you're dealing with goa, man. I thought that Sean was Jewish. Well, what do I do?
I can guess again. What can be said about a guy who will not sit through Casablanca, but never
messes an episode of survivors. See, that's a lie. What? Both of those things. You didn't sit through
the whole Casablanca. No, I remember that it's right. I was trying like five times to get through it.
No, it wouldn't. And I only watched the first season of Survivor, and I'm sorry that I did.
Yeah. So was that survivor Alamorata or survivor Sweetwater? Survivor Ojas? Yeah, survivor Sweetwater.
I see. Well, there's always got to be at least one. Well, that makes the second complaint that I've
gotten about music shows out of hundreds of rags of news. They love George's music. Now,
um, what? Vixie Chicks. You know, I really tried to find a song from the j... because I like them,
and I like that Natalie mains, and I wanted to find one Dixie Chicks song that we weren't playing,
or even this... Yeah. I'm still looking. Yeah, well, keep looking. I know.
1134 votes on the pool, man. We are kicking serious ass and again, apologizing profusely.
Even Joe Bell apologizes for this crappy poll today. You know what Joe said about it? He's what it's
really effing bad.
You choose to kill the rice, or what solid you choose to kill the rice, which is a pointed high
pile. Oh, round back, round back, round back, with that scene, round it your daughter,
then round, then your daughter, then round back, makes it fall behind both, screaming
buzz and fangs, and well, it won't matter who, or what you'll go like it's rigged, or
bush-took. When in a landspite this time, don't let the fascist of guns through us again.
Oh, fucking crap!
Balls
Away
Moon.
