Bad my junior honey!
I'm so fucked up like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me, a seam father.
What is it my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it my daughter?
Oh father, I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Lonsons, I am your father.
I love you very much.
You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course my sweet child.
Of father's love is not erased by a simple misnade.
Very well.
I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me father?
Of course I do.
But since you are pregnant and not married.
Yes father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square.
And with the help of my friends and neighbors of Stonew today.
It is my daughter.
It is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again father?
And I should only be grounded.
No, no, I'm not grounded.
I must have you stoned.
It's the first time I've ever focused on a fundamentalist Middle Eastern family.
May I speak with you my esteemed husband?
What is it my wife?
I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, I see.
Are you going?
Out to the back y'all to collect some stones.
How do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stoned today.
You'll be mesmerized.
If you follow the lives of the fuck med family.
And they deal with them any problems.
That's like that.
May I speak with you my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
My father.
Last night I used a little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, why is that father?
You are going to get stoned two nights in a row.
You will have a miss.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is.
I just shot on location and bagged that.
It's just like life, baby.
Sometimes it can be a real pile of she-ite.
Thanks to Azizko and Jesse, by the way, yesterday was like, I guess bored is the word, you know.
Yeah.
All those days when you're looking for a little amusement.
And so I went back into our my space.
We have 278 friends on there, by the way.
Well, look out there.
I went back only a couple of really calm.
But anyway,
and I went back to the old inbox, you know, way back in the beginning.
And I found some people who haven't heard from a long time.
Remember I was bitching about that last week?
You hear from people and then they just vanish.
Right.
Before I get into that, though, let me just say radio Dan.
The answer is no.
Radio Dan is an internet talk radio ex.
Mainly just pop culture talk.
He says movies, TV, and cramp old TV stars.
Marshall Wallace, he's had on Peter Marshall.
Dick Gochey, and discussed their checkered careers.
And he's inviting me to come on with him one night on the internet.
And of course you can say whatever the hell you want.
Are we on the internet right now?
We're supposed to be.
We are.
We don't start that crap on a Monday morning.
Okay, just because you're still under the weather and because you've been running and doing the green attitude.
You know how to stay in the real estate.
You know how to work here.
Start with that negative attitude, man.
I'm not being negative, I'm being realistic.
Well, what does that mean?
We work here.
Oh, well, that's not a good attitude.
Thinking about we work there.
Oh, especially after what Chris told me.
Well, I don't want to say Chris told it to me, but a little birdie told me that on a morning show, you know,
the Kimmy and Bo morning show as in no audience.
But anyway, they were running one of those many interviews, segments this morning.
I didn't hear it myself and probably just as well because I would have gone.
I'd be out in the balcony now with one leg over the ledge.
Remember that song, one took over the line?
I'm sure you do.
One leg over the ledge.
I can just see it now, man.
And there would be a bunch of people down there, some saying, don't do it.
And then they'd be like, yeah, jump, jump.
You know, like that.
And then you kind of like, wait in your mind.
But anyway, what that was I saying?
Oh, about they had some segment on it.
It was really the recording was real scratchy and bad quality.
It was like, oh, for one group, yeah.
Assuming it might have been amusing in the first place, which it probably wasn't.
But anyway, so Chris went in there and told him, he says,
are you listening to that?
You hear bandhead sounds on the ear and toast.
No, I don't want to misquote you.
Tell me, I want you to tell the story.
Toast basically just kind of shrugged his shoulders and didn't really say anything.
And then Kenny was asking, what is he talking about the many bands?
Like, yeah, just the quality doesn't sound very good.
It could be a good thing.
It just doesn't sound very good coming out over there.
And Kenny just kind of was like, oh, whatever, you know, a big deal.
Now that's not what you told me in the first place.
That's not the way you told the story before.
Basically, he basically said, you were really worrying about it.
You don't care.
No, no, no, no, no.
He just didn't want to give me an answer.
And that's why I was like, you know what, forget it.
And I walked away, I'm waiting to get the log.
And Kenny's back home, he was asking about it.
And I was like, oh, I'm going to do the whole show.
I'm going to do the whole show.
I'm going to do the whole show.
What do you think?
When we first came on QYM, and George can verify, okay.
Oh, God.
Anyway, thanks to Zizko and Jesse.
Zizko is a good guy.
He's one of my space people on there.
He was confagrating with me.
He's got this cute little dog.
He's a real dog lover.
Anybody to dog lover is okay in my book.
But yeah, he's just weird BS and back and forth last night.
And it just, you know, puts you in a better mood when somebody's got something to say.
As opposed to some of the game players like your friend Christopher,
who isn't sending anybody by there for you guys to Google that fixation.
It's just a win.
Huh?
It's just as well.
Yeah, it is just a win.
I'm already paying not to have sex though.
No, we got no money for it, Chris.
Okay, good luck to you.
We got no cash.
Now what was I just saying about something else?
Oh, yes.
So when we first came to the station, and this isn't just a comedy bit that they were running,
these were commercial demand.
These were commercials that people were paying money for to advertise their store,
their product, their service, all of these things.
All of these things.
And some of the carts, this is back when we still have carts, you know, cartridges.
And some of them were like old and hadn't been well erased.
Some of them were just bad quality.
It was like real war out.
All of these things again.
And some of them sounded like,
oh, what?
What?
What?
What?
Like that.
Am I right?
Oh, please.
And we kind of like would look at each other like,
and then if you send anything about it or not,
oh, are you starting up again?
Is that Neil starting up in George starting up a crap again?
You would just look at you, you would blink at it.
You know, blink at like a deer in the headlights kind of thing.
Like they didn't understand what you were saying.
I think of the cars.
And the name of the call letters to WDC.
That.
We don't care.
Very good.
That good?
Uh-huh.
WDC, we don't care.
Or it could be WDC.
Let's see.
WDC.
We don't give a crap.
WDC.
WDC.
WC.
All right.
W. What is it?
DGC.
Got it.
Yeah.
We don't give a crap.
But you don't need to be.
560, you're a bad.
560, WDC.
We just don't care.
And of course we're reaping with tremendous benefits from that.
For recently.
But what do you even tell that?
We just don't care.
WJ.
It just amazes me.
I mean, there's no point in going through a big song to DanceVide.
By the way, Radio Dance.
Thank you very much.
I'm honored to be invited on your most prestigious Internet radio show.
But four hours of this, I'm probably isn't enough for me.
And I'm proud.
I would hope that even at this advanced stage of my career,
and at this lame stage of QAMs existence,
I would hope that we'll probably reach in a few more people doing the show
10 to 2 every day is, oh, and also I've got a message this morning
from one of our MySpace people about Jerry Springer is coming on.
Remember what I told you about Norma Kent told me about 850?
He said, everything Steve Lampa touches fails.
He's got the mightest touch and reverse.
I see.
Some people they touch everything it turns to gold.
Everything he touches turns to death.
That's right.
And so he's got Jerry Springer coming on there.
You know, and of course, Mankov's got that gigantic 0.1 share.
0.1.
And then he sends me a copy of what the Mankov,
and this is my correspondent this morning.
Mankov sends him an email back.
Rodgers is getting tired and stale,
and he's not on half of the time anyway.
And if he's really a big fan of his, why not listen to me when he's not on?
You know, and all this other crap.
Although they got billboards, I'll say that.
We got package plans, and they got billboards.
This Venerier would say we got package plans.
Those are the days, baby, when we're at least a little bit radio-ish back in the day.
Good news from a wreck again, not.
I know nobody cares about this, so why do I waste my time?
I get a lot of the way in the beginning because it's depressing.
Two roadside bomb attacks have killed five U.S. soldiers in a wreck corner of the U.S. military.
The death sprained the 3,233.
The number of U.S. troops killed in the Iraq war.
Seven Americans have any contractors in military have also died, did they?
And does anybody really care?
I'll make them the loved ones of theirs.
I mean, these are like living, they were living and breathing people.
You know, once upon a time they had a life.
And now they have no, uh...
I have no life.
And it's very sad because they're just statistics on the page and the media is like kind of oblivious.
And they're heavy duty again.
Oh, here, you know, it's really funny.
My psychic power is once again.
I was just going to mention that, and I look over at CNN on the screen here,
awaiting the news conference on the autopsy of Ananda Cole.
It just makes me want to get on the floor and do kaka.
I just scream like a little child and start, you know, going to the other room,
going to kitchen, get a spoon, you know, how little kids bang or spoon on the,
on a high chair.
Do I know?
Yeah.
Yeah, you do know.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
And it's just like this call here.
You'll see, QIM.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, see.
Little kids with a spoon.
Makes you just want to scream and nationality.
But instead of that, just put a smile on your face.
Like Joey Reynolds would say,
let a smile, you're a bruh, you're a umbrella.
And don't catch an ass full of rain.
Is nobody else used to say?
Speak in an ass.
Joey Reynolds.
Here's the poll from Friday.
Let's see, did we like this one or not?
Yeah, it was okay.
That is moments.
1941 votes.
But that's pretty, what the hell was going on over the weekend on our website?
Was it those pictures that we put on or whatever?
Man, maybe the audience is coming back.
Maybe they discovered we're on the year.
Thank you, by the way, Beasley's for all the tremendous promotion everybody gets here on QIM.
Oh, see, you got me started again.
Me, was Chris with all his dirty laundry and stuff.
Yeah, Chris was all about the topic.
And he changed his story.
He changed his story.
First, he said toast.
It was an exact quote.
He said, we don't care.
You know, he's going to be blackballed.
And now he's telling me that he just shrugged his shoulders and Chris got all agitated and
walked out like, how can you not care?
It sounds like, oh, you're like that.
I think we have to do the whole show like that one day.
Hey everybody, hold on.
Special guest Kenny from South Park.
Or we can get the guy from that radio, that online internet radio thing.
Here's the poll from Friday.
I want to live long enough to witness the extinction of religion.
Nice choice.
When it hands down your pants, baby, 655, all over a third.
The extinction of religion.
Oh, God only knows how long that's going to take.
But let's pray for it.
Let's say a Hail Mary and rub the Mississa on the door.
Just rub your Mississa.
Don't rub it too hard though.
The Lord gets really upset when you start rubbing it too hard.
The Republican Party 283.
Gangster rap.
When I was a late addition and it moved up nicely into a strong third, 191.
Nice.
Conservative talk radio 184.
We have already TV shows 164 American Idol, 155.
Ever seen Idol American?
Oh, millions of them.
I hate this poll, 128.
That's only 6.5% not too bad.
Mosquee is 49.
Oh, I can't wait for that.
What show is it?
Dennis Miller show.
I think I said Jerry Springer.
He's already failing.
It's Dennis Miller now.
That great Civil and Electrical.
That great right wing, Civil and Electrical.
Sports Talk Radio 43.
The Democratic Party is God.
About 30 men.
Pita 24.
Rats Possum's another Vermon 20.
African Killer B's 15.
That was the poll.
1941 a stellar total.
Oh, you go in.
B-A-Y-S-U-C-A-N.
Are you sure?
It looks like Neil's been at some of that diet food again.
Oh, nice.
Ain't anything for the R&D, Carolyn?
Welcome back to the Morning Sick Miss Group.
We still only talk about sports at a rapid pace.
Oh, hold on, D-Pole.
No forced laughter here.
Hey, you think that's good.
When I was at the track last night, a horse I bet Han was so slow,
that Jockey kept it diary.
What was that, Carolyn?
I bet the guy that was raped in the hurry games locker room.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
And thanks for making this studio smell better, Tuts.
Okay, we got let's read and come.
Now the next are the lines.
Hey, let's read and come.
Hey, you know that's missing.
Well, I know about it not around the white of the old portrayals
in the 380 marker, whether it's the boss Smith.
Where am I telling you, the same thing we're having,
or it's 3D in the novel, we got it in the murder of each side,
or whatever.
What did he say?
Yeah, let's figure that out.
I tell you.
Two probably not sure about it, but why they say I really look at him
and tell him about that.
Tell him about it without using it for the goddamn chair.
We're really looking at it coming in next year.
Ain't nobody gonna know that I'm giving him a lot of care,
so he won't take the next country.
We do, we've got two ways to do that.
We do, we do, we do.
We do, we do.
We do, we do.
We do, we do.
Thank you for your call.
Yeah.
Okay, it's time for another funny interactive comedy bit.
The boy.
Right, hit of you.
Goldie Horn.
So, Goldie.
Yeah.
That you Goldie.
Yeah.
So Goldie, what's your take on college athletes who aspire
to play Schmere the queer?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You got something against playing there.
No, no.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
How you raised your child?
I take a bridge to what you said about Grab Soccer.
Oh, yeah.
Sounds like a real ice queen if he asked me.
Yeah, look at white.
Well, let's not get into that.
Oh, look, we've got the guy with the eyes for the third time today.
Hi, you cany.
Ah.
Oh, good.
Thank you for your call.
Ain't this more fun than putting your balls off with a serrated scissors?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Those were the days, baby.
Those were the days on WDGC.
We don't give a crap and we're pretty proud of it, too.
And no matter what you say, we still are going to care.
How do you like that?
Take the Lonely and Run.
I think it was shortly after it was on the third floor.
There was in that room right there.
We put that sign up on the wall.
We had that down in the second floor.
Just give us a little bit of a high.
I don't recall.
I've had it a long time.
I'll tell you that.
And that kind of epitomizes the whole altitude, man.
Just give us the F and money and don't ask any questions.
And don't make any trouble, either.
Chris, you better cut the crap, don't.
That's a bad habit to get into.
It's out of the house.
He's out of the closet.
Which habit was that, though?
Going in there in the stirrin.
You know, like, no, no, how bad that sounds on the air.
Oh, you're the next thing you're going to be doing and going in there and tell them how lame
was something that they just played like that clip from Saturday Night Live.
Which usually they got some pretty funny stuff on that show.
But that was certainly the exception.
I think about Sandy Payton, Manning, whatever.
That all.
I was in pain.
My neck, I wanted to like spin my head around like Linda Blair.
I was in pain.
Just great pain.
But they, I guess they don't care, huh?
That's what I heard.
Bad news is I didn't get paid earlier this time.
I'll tell you one thing.
I'll check better where we'll end up being there today because today is the 26th.
Today technically it's due because the 25th fell on the Sunday.
I just want Joe Bell to be aware that the only redeeming thing that was going on was getting that paycheck nice and earlier a couple days for several months there.
Very nice.
Very nice.
Yeah, but not this time.
Not that I'm, you know, actually one of few bucks at Woodbine Saturday.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
Not all that much.
Didn't play no quarters though.
Frank Wrys has got a great column for our Godfather people.
Well, actually for everybody, but you want to know what's for the Godfather people.
The title of it is, when will Frato get whacked?
Not smart.
I can be funny.
Say it.
Like, no, I'm smart.
And I want to say it.
Right.
When will Frato get whacked?
As Frank Rich in the New York Times yesterday.
We're going to take a lot of calls today, but not right away.
We'll ease into him when you say, all right.
Let's take a look at that schedule before I get into Frank in that rich column.
Mad Dog at two power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together.
One of those very rare days between four and five,
Humber Ostolo, five to seven.
And then we got the opening tip with Bimbo Coles.
Doesn't make any sense to you?
Oh, seven o'clock tonight.
We don't carry the heat games, but we still got the opening tip with the Bimbo.
Everybody likes the Bimbo on the radio.
And then we got all the major league baseball and Marlon season preview show with Dave Van Boring and Roxy Bernstein.
And Jesse Agro with 730.
Does Roxy still sound just like Yeldier?
Or does he just make that up?
Huh?
Oh, that's right. Nobody there knows.
Well, Chris probably knows. He probably listens to that Marlon baseball religious.
And speaking of Marlon's baseball tomorrow at 1250 and again Thursday.
Oh, man, a couple of real good ratings builders.
Marlon's an e-reels tomorrow from Fort Lauderdale,
and then the Marlon's and Cardinals on Thursday from Jupiter, man.
When Wolf Raido get whacked to write Frank Rich,
he says, President Bush wants to keep everything that happens in his White House secret.
But when it comes to his own emotions, he says,
Transparent is a teenager on MySpace.
Huh?
I got quite an article about MySpace, too, by the way.
Where the hell is it?
Uh-oh.
You see that story, Catholic school bands, people from MySpace?
No.
But anyway, getting back to Frank Rich,
he says, on Monday morning he observed the Iraq Wars 4th anniversary
with a Salon State Accourse Paralration,
so perfunctory, he seemed to sleep off through its mortgage board of recycled half-truths.
The Iraqi leaders are beginning to meet the benchmarks,
and boilerplate there will be good days and there will be bad days.
But at a press conference the next day to defend his attorney general,
the president was back in the saddleguns blazing.
Mr. Bringamon reborn.
Yvavda vanquish his Democratic antagonist,
much as he once so very long ago,
pledged to make short work of insurgents in Iraq.
The Jekyll and Hyde contrasts between these two performances
going to be more dramatic indicator of Mr. Bush's priorities
and his presidency's end game,
his passion for protecting his power and his courtier's far exceeds his passion
for protecting the troops he's pouring into the Iraq Civil War.
But why is he out of the mat for Alberto Gonzalez?
Even Bush loyalists have really shown respect for this colony
whom the president settled within the claim, Frado.
They've been halted when Mr. Bush flurred with appointing him
to the Supreme Court in Chun-im now.
The attorney general is alleged in a fraction
misrepresenting a justice department purge of eight U.S. attorneys,
all political appointees for political reasons,
seems an easy-to-settle curvefuffle.
Next to his infamous 2002 memo dismissing the Geneva Convention Stricts
on Torture as Quaint and obsolete.
That's why the president's wild-overreaction is revealing,
so far as trucka-lands has been largely attributed to his slavery-slaw
in the White House's applicants,
his ideological belief in unilateral executive branch power,
and has always his need to shield the Machiavellian
machinations of Carl Rove,
who installed a protégé in place of one of the fire attorneys.
But the fierceness of Mr. Bush's response
to the ludicrous extremist forbidding transcripts
of congressional questioning of White House personnel
indicates there's far more fire to go with all the belt-waste smoke.
Mr. Gonzalez may be an unendity,
but he's an unendity like Zellig.
He's been present in every dubious legal crossroads
of Mr. Bush's career.
That conjoined history began in 1997,
when Mr. Bush then governor of Texas
was summoned for grand jury duty in Austin.
The popular reclaiming announced he was glad
to lend his average guy perspective to a drunken driving trial.
But there was one hitch.
On the juror question here,
he left blank a required section asking,
have you ever been accused or a complaint
or witness in a criminal case?
I'd like to explanation for that omission.
I'm known to the public at the time as that Mr. Bush had been charged
with disorderly conduct in 68 and drunken driving in 76.
Enter Mr. Gonzalez.
As the story's told on the president's council
and nonpartisan biography by the Texas journalist Bill Mungentaglio,
Mr. Gonzalez met with a judge presiding
over the trial and his chambers.
A meeting Mr. Gonzalez would newsletter claim
to have no recoloration of her questioning
and save this client from jury duty.
Mr. Mungentaglio, the lawyer like in Zaseen,
to the godfather, casting Mr. Gonzalez
not as defectless afraid of however,
but as the discrete fixed-to-returnity Robert Duval's Tom Hagen.
Can you get me off the hook, Tom?
Throw time, say.
Can't do it.
Mr. Gonzalez career has been linked with such narrow escapes
from both him and Mr. Bush.
As a partner at the Houston Law firm of Vincent and Elkins,
Mr. Gonzalez was the work for Enron until 94.
After Enron imploded in 2001,
reporters wanted to know whether Kenny Lay's pals
in the Bush hierarchy had received a heads up
about the companies pending demise
before its unfortunate shareholders were upholding the bag.
The White House said that Mr. Gonzalez had been
out of the Enron loop to the best of his recollection.
This month, Murray was of the National Journal
on COVID-19 more recent close shave.
Justice Justice Department investigators were brought
to examine documents that might have shed light
in Gonzalez' role in the administration's extra legal
domestic wiretapping program last year.
Mr. Bush shoved down the investigation.
It was Mr. Gonzalez's well-who-through-uproad blocks
when the 9-11 commission sought documents
and testimony from the White House about the faithful
summer of 2001, less widely known as Mr. Gonzalez's
curious behavior in the CIA lead case
while he was still White House counsel.
When the Justice Department officially notified him
on the evening of September 29, 2003,
that was opening investigation into the outing of Valerie Wilson,
he immediately informed Andrew Card, Mr. Bush's chief of staff.
The Mr. Gonzalez waited another 12 hours
to officially notify the president and the
former White House employees to preserve all materials
relevant to the investigation.
As Chuck Schumer said after this maneuver became known,
every good prosecutor knows that any delay could give
a culprer time to destroy the evidence.
Now that 12-hour delays been maxed by the 18-day gap
in the Justice Department emails turned over to Congress
and the dispute over the attorney purge,
and were being told by Tony Snow that Mr. Bush has no recollection,
of hearing anything about the firings.
But even these little electos of Watergate
can't obliterate the contours of this story
the White House wants to hide.
They'll be distracted by the apples and oranges
among the fire attorneys, maybe a couple of their
forced resignations were retained.
But another instance in incriminating evidence
coalesces around a familiar administrative motive,
its desperate desire to cover up the corruption
at soil what was supposed to be this White House's greatest asset,
its protective nation's security.
This was the motive that drove the White House
to vilify Joe Wilson, when he challenged fraudulent
pre-war intelligence about Sodom's WMD.
The emails and the attorney flat for lease so far suggest
this same motive may have driven the Justice Department
to try modding a similar-struck at Pat Fitzgerald,
US Attorney Charge, for investigating the Wilson leak.
In March 2005, all preparing for the firings,
Mr. Gonzalez-Noujete is in chief of staff,
DeKal Sampson, produced a chart rating all 93 US Attorney's Nationwide.
Mr. Fitzgerald widely admired his mother nation's best prosecutors,
most famously of terrorists, were somehow
slapped with the designation not distinguished.
Two others given that same rating were fired.
You have to wonder if Mr. Fitzgerald was spared
because somebody in a high place,
religiously calculated the political firestorm
that would engulf the White House,
had this prosecute been part of a Saturday at Massacre
in the middle of the Wilson inquiry.
Another candidate to track because of his scrutiny
of the Bush administration national security scandals
is Carol Lamb.
She was fired from her post in San Diego
after a successful prosecution and representative Duke Cunningham,
the California Republican took two and a half million
in privacy defense contractors.
Mr. Rob has publicly suggested that Mrs. Lamb got the axe
because she wouldn't commit resources
to prosecute immigration offenses.
That's false.
Last August, an assistant attorney general
praised her for doubling her immigration prosecutions.
Last week, USA Today crunched the statistics
and found that she ranked seventh among her 93 peers
and successful prosecutions for 2006,
with immigration violations accounting for the largest single crime category
prosecuted during her tenure.
To see what Mr. Robype tried to cover,
up against that or what Ms. Lamb was up to in May,
just as the Department just as determining
the case she was being earmarked for removal.
Building on the Cunningham case, she was closing in on Dusty Fago,
the CIA's number three official
and director of its daily operations.
Mr. Fago have been once installed
in the Scientologist's position by Mr. Bush's handprint
success at a George X and the CIA director, Porter Misagas.
Mislam's pursuit spent Mr. Fago's abrupt resignation.
Mr. Gas was out two after serving less than two years.
Nine months later, just as Mislam stepped down from her job
in February, Mr. Fago and a defense contractor
were raised more than 100 grand for the 2004 Bush Cheney campaign,
were indicted by a grand jury on 11th-townsick conspiracy and
money laundering, and what the Washington Post called one of the first
criminal cases to reach into the CIA's
clandestine operations in Europe and the Middle East.
Because the allegations include the compromising
classified information remains classified,
we don't know the full extent of the damage from the agency
and the nation of war, not yet anyway.
I'm not going to resign, Mr. Consolva's asserted last week
as he played the minority card rounding up his spanic supporters
to cheer his protestations of innocence.
I'm going to stay focused on protecting our kids.
He said, actually, he's going to stay focused on protecting the president.
Once you can no longer be useful in that role,
it's a sure thing that, like Scooter Be For Him,
Fredo will be tossed overboard.
Briefly on some recent statements that have been made
by some members of Congress about Iraq,
and it's important to make this point at the outset.
The President of the United States purposely disled the American people
on pre-war intelligence.
American soldiers and Marines serving in Iraq go out every day
into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable conditions.
These brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate falsehood.
Pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food program.
There is no denying that the President lied to the American people.
This is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety.
It's also something I enjoy.
It's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business,
and I believe the feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life.
Nice!
The President and his administration hate our country
and hate the liberties for which we stand.
Absolutely.
They dwell in the shadows, have no regard for the laws of warfare,
and feel unconstrained by any standard of morality.
The President of the United States is dishonest and reprehensible,
and none of us should want it any other way.
Thank you very much.
Okay, and in the course of this,
when the President was not overdose,
is this exciting or what?
It's my invaluable Secretary, Misherey Baker.
I also like the Miami-Date police department for NC computer service.
You're getting less, I mean, that's getting less.
Because without their help, we have been able to access the laptops
and the important issues that could happen there
to kind of look at the risk of the situation,
which now coming late.
Which is less than a paper.
Paper appears, you know, in a doctor paper.
Her son died from drugs.
They found all kinds of crap in his system,
and she died from drugs.
It was the Anna-Sloak and the Colson of Drug Frameway, okay?
And who gives the crap?
Classy Yug.
Who's that guy though with Anna Nicolaire?
Who the hell was that?
Do you see that?
Nope.
Man, who the hell was that guy?
Well, that's whatever.
937 votes I haven't even done with today's poll yet.
Because we're getting ready for a heavy phone sweep.
Qion, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
This is 560.
Yes. 560.
Hey, WDDC, we don't give a crap.
Hey, let me congratulate you, Nioh,
you've sunk to an all-time low about being so dishonest
and disreparable to our country.
Good job, Nioh.
You're at an all-time low.
Okay, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Okay.
Being so dishonest and disrepeatable to our country, right?
It's not pushing shady that our dishonest and disrepeatable.
It's Nioh, you've sunk to an all-time low.
Thank you very, very much, sir.
943 votes.
What is the worst threat to our children?
And look what's on top?
George W. Bush, 216.
And I hope that all 215 of the rest of you since I was the
at 216.
I hope that all the rest of you they voted for your prison.
Feel of this what this last guy said.
Disrepeatable and dishonest and the disgusting and disadistated
that and this don't be disobeying me, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, there's an end of the call and her kid they're both dead.
He looked pretty good.
If he were to clean all that schmutz office face, you know?
Something you need to give him like a little, little,
little shortcut.
Shaving her cut in the bathroom had been good.
I'd have given him a shower.
What is the worst threat to our children?
George W. Bush, 216.
If I were to take him care of him, he'd still be alive today.
See, that's the difference.
Are you homophobes out there?
Oh, yeah, we know what you did done with him.
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, I would have a lot, believe me, but he'd still be alive.
He wouldn't have been doing all of them with droogues.
And he would have been away from that crazy as bitch mama.
Crazy ass trailer trash, bitch mama.
Anyway, George W. 216.
Worst threat to our children.
Religion 198.
For the anti-religion crowd, including us,
we're really going nuts these days and we're all going to burn in hell for it.
I'm sure of it.
Can't you feel it?
Oh, I can smell it.
See, that's a burning rubber.
The federal death that fell in here at 145.
The crap on TV, 122.
Because if you turn on your tube immediately, it's covered with crap.
I mean, if you turn on the...
Sheer is covered with crap.
That's what I meant to say.
Crap on TV.
Drugs in F-All 70.
The lies their parents tell them 62.
Like Sandy Claus and the tooth fairy.
Yeah, hey, tooth fairy.
Dufair.
And all the other.
And God, all the BS.
I hate this pool only 19.
A mere 2%.
Well, what kind of a pose is that?
He's doing it.
Did you see that?
Yes, I was.
Was her legs spread apart?
Her hands right by her goods there.
I mean, what was that?
A common...
A common dating?
Yeah.
It's going to be proper up even at this stage.
You probably still...
Well, think about it anyway.
I hate this pool 19, 1.9%.
Terrorism 19.
And premarital sex 6.
Well, that's on the bottom.
And of course, it's the oughta be on the bottom.
I'm sure a lot of you are too.
The worst threat to our children premarital 6.
I would say not having premarital sex probably might be...
But you know what I'm saying?
When it doubt, try it out.
Safely and intelligently and stuff like that, you know.
When it doubt, try it out.
Speaking of that, I got after the break.
Are we doing another break already?
Well, that's because I read that long pond.
It says, great column by Frank Rigg.
Another break already?
Yeah.
Oh, and you love your dishonest air.
He was good at liking it.
My light call was like that.
Real jackass.
You're stuck to a new law, Neil.
You're dishonoring your country.
And dishonoring this.
Okay, Schmuck.
Schmeckle.
See, Schmeckle, when you put the little EL on the end of it,
it means like real tiny schmuck, which in his case
I think is probably a compliment.
I'm just statement.
Catholic school bands, pupils from Myspace.
Oh, I was sure don't want to do that.
But we'll get to that momentarily.
I mean, what's it going to be next, huh?
Weat to be reader?
That'll be next.
Harold, Sun Sentinel.
What's it going to be next?
How many kids are reading Harold and the Sun Sentinel?
None, zero.
The big O.
But all you kids on Myspace,
God don't know, is the kind of perverts you've got to run into
while on there just like, that's right like me, excellent.
Yeah.
Me too.
Don't be open on Myspace, by the way.
You're going to be a major key man.
Shocking.
Me too.
Hey Mark.
Me too.
Shocking.
Me too.
Me too.
Shocking.
Me too.
Shocking.
Shocking.
Shocking.
Shocking.
Shocking.
When I hear Harold and I,
I'm going to be a major key man.
Mirrogeza Mirad and I.
I'm going to be a major key man.
Mirrogeza Mirad and I.
No, they're hidden through the buzz.
Scoot.
Baby, baby, baby, he's going to jail, jail, jail.
People take it, take it, take it, take it in the tail, tail, tail.
Tuna, li-be, li-be, li-be, at some power, power, power, better.
Hold onto the soap.
In the shower, shower, shower.
Back up.
Time 45, excuse me.
I like that.
So anyway, remember I told you this is, this is amazing how brilliant I am.
You know, I just shocked the hell out of myself.
I'm a genius.
I'm so smart, how come I'm working for these people?
They pay a lot of money.
They pay a lot of money.
They pay a lot of money.
That must be the reason.
I sure hope that paycheck is there today, Joe Crazy Joeville.
I sure hope so.
I mean, he's done a wonderful job.
That's the one who's claimed to fame.
Neil gets paid early every payday.
We get it there.
Well, I'm not this time.
And if it isn't there today, man,
I'm going to be held to pay if it ain't there today.
It'll be there.
So guess who I got an email from just now in my space.
Remember I told you before to show this morning about my close personal friend,
Mark, who hasn't got any idea who I am, but I sure know who he is.
The soccer player for UNF, University of North Florida.
Yes.
Now, that predates Chris's a bean on the show.
You have no idea who I'm talking about, right Chris?
I was on here when you were talking to him.
Really?
I was talking to one of the two of you.
University of North Florida.
Oh, that's right.
Well, in that case, so anyway, like I told you yesterday,
I was just killing some time and I went through some of the old stuff on there
and I got in touch with Cisco and Jesse.
And there was Mark, who agreed to be a friend with us.
So when I can only imagine the crap that he's gotten from some of you perverts out there,
leave Mark alone, okay, just because he's young and got a hot body
and he's 22-in-place soccer.
Mmm.
And he's got a lot of hoodl-a-hot looking friends, too.
But anyway, so I noticed he, there was a picture on his profile page
where he's like got an empty cup in his hand.
And he's doing what college guys are.
And it looks drunk off his ass, you know?
And so I just sent him a note and an email, a quick email saying,
hey, how's it going?
But the bond, glad you're still out there.
And well, we are just some excuse for me to reach out and touch this hot-looking young guy.
I mean, he doesn't know me from Adam, okay?
But he's a nice kid because he'd be spotted the first time to me.
And I can't, he don't know who the hell I am.
He grew up in Boka.
Now, is that a hell of a...
Here's a kid that's 22 years old.
He grew up in Boka and he would know the arrangers if they stuck me in his bed right now.
Mmm.
But you know, what?
I thought you were going to say something else.
I might have thought something else.
I thought his man was going to say it.
I think it had a lot of something else.
It's okay when it comes to Mark and the dark.
Mmm.
But anyway.
So last night I go back on here and I see, I see he's read my message, but the photo,
the profile photo has changed.
And instead of the one where he's got the empty cup of booze in his hand, it looks drunk off his ass.
It's him sitting down near naked.
He's got shorts on and a wheelchair with a cast on his leg.
And his left leg.
The great soccer star.
Uh-huh.
So you won't think about guys with really...
And everybody that's got...
You know, they got it, they like to show it.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm not saying necessarily that he was sitting there with a shirt off and practically,
naked with a cast on his ankle.
And intentionally when I had that picture taken.
But that's, you know, that's just him.
Nice go on Mark, nice picture.
And then he'd be in the cheer like that.
He can't run too fast.
Maybe he needs somebody to push him around a little bit.
Hahaha.
Maybe he needs a helping hand.
But anyway, so Mark says he just replied.
Because I wrote him another message when I saw that picture and I said,
Hey, Crip.
And I wrote him a thing about what happened.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
And he says, Yeah, I know.
I just saw that last night meeting my message.
But I tore my PCL out for five months or so.
Pretty schmitty.
Just that's life.
Hope the radio show's going well.
Is that sweet or what?
That's sweet.
No, seriously, he doesn't listen to the show.
I mean, he knows what I do.
At least for a living.
Okay, I was, he knows I'm an old, he knows I'm an old,
Fag.
That's the first thing I told him.
One thing about me, I don't troll on this thing.
And I'm suspecting people out there like, Hey, buddy, buddy, buddy.
You know, like that.
Not me.
It's an old, Fag.
That's right.
You fairy.
That's probably what he's thinking.
All the thing with him is that he was trying to get into some modeling work.
And that's why he's got all those damn near naked pictures on his profile page.
I see.
I see too.
In fact, I'm going to go there right now and click on it.
Just to pull me in a really even better mood.
Oh, he's online right now.
Well, I've been he's not listening to the show online.
I'm sure that I wish he was.
I wish he were listening, Mark.
Feel better and heal up fast, sweetheart.
Because you're going to have to run like Kalf.
I can't you.
And there's all those pictures.
There's his buddy.
What's his buddy's name?
Who looks pretty good to?
One thing about good looking people.
They tend to hang out with other good looking people.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So you can sneak up on, you know, a sneak up from behind and one of them runs away real fast.
Maybe you'll be walking and the other one will like fall down, you know.
Or maybe you can grab a hold of their wheelchair and steer them.
Well, that's pretty neat, isn't it?
The fact that he replied there that he responded or do you think that's a fairly normal?
No, it's not normal for somebody that doesn't really know who you are.
That's like in a wheelchair and he's out for five months with his PCL.
And missing his software started and stuff like that?
Sounds like a nice guy.
I feel for you, Mark.
He is a nice guy.
Well, I don't know.
He seems awfully nice to me.
The fact that he's responded a couple of times.
And when I asked him, you know, invited Adam to our friends on the thing there?
Sure.
Just like, yeah.
So, I'm gonna keep it tangyly.
Yeah, sure.
He said.
And even when he found out that I was a flaming fag and that I only liked him because of his beauty and his looks and his great body.
He seems like a good guy.
If he was ugly, I'd probably say,
geez, what a pain in the ass he is.
Now, there's some ugly people on there who are good guys.
I don't know any of me because I don't pay any attention.
Speaking of my space, you know, you're not gonna start with all that again, are you?
No, but I just got this story.
And I got that email right now.
That makes my day.
Thanks, Mark.
You're a good man.
Hmm.
Well, he's 22.
He's certainly much too old for Mark Foley.
Although, X marks the spot.
In fact, when I reached out and when I moved that message a little bit, I put the cursor right,
oh, I don't want to see where I put it.
Oh, that was pornographic, okay?
Speaking of pornographic.
Look at that guy's head.
Where I stuck my mouse.
That's the perforac.
I know.
Dr. Perpore is a medical examiner.
What happened?
But he moved about with his...
He's got a Martian accent.
I was trying to figure out what kind of accent it was.
It's very...
No, he got a Martian head.
So, I had all that.
That's the point I'm trying to get across to you.
The point is on the left side of the exam.
I have a watch, by the way.
I guess maybe I'll do it tonight.
All right.
Bloomfield Hills Michigan.
That's a very wealthy server of Detroit for those not in the know.
Actually, like a few white people live there in Bloomfield Hills.
Students at a suburban Catholic school are being ordered to take down their photos,
snapping comments, or anything else they may have posted on MySpace.com.
I assure hope those students aren't seen mark on there like almost naked.
And I've one where he's got that chick laying underneath him with her hands all around his neck.
And Mark, by the way, I don't know what you're shaving with, but you're doing a fine job.
Why don't he want to be a model?
So, he's doing the clean shave now.
Like what's his name, Brady Quinn?
He's shaving it.
Everything.
You heard of a Mexican airless?
And you heard about it.
Friday is the deadline for students that say Hugo of Hills Catholic school and Bloomfield Hills to follow orders.
Or is this suspension?
School principal, sister Margaret Van Holtz and Senators home to parents last week saying in part that
if their families allow children to continue their MySpace.com sites, they will not be allowed to return to school.
The school plans to use its computer savvy staff members, computer savvy staff members to monitor the site for student activity.
In other words, a bunch of perverts that are scouring online, they're looking for a hot young things.
You heard of the geeks, why they have the freak squad?
Yeah, there's nothing like a hot young thing.
Trust me when I tell you.
The principal declined comment that said Hugo office manager Judy Martinick said the principal just wants to keep the students safe.
We've stayed in our position.
Yeah, we know what your position is, probably the prone position, okay?
And we hope all students are in the process of taking down their sites by tomorrow, said Martinick.
You've got a choice, kids.
You can either take down the site or take down your pants, whichever you like.
MySpace described itself as a free online community that allows you to share information about themselves and people in their lives.
The minimum age for use is 14, but some teams have run it in teens, have run it in trouble posting on the site including Catherine Lester.
The Michigan girl who flew to the Middle East to be with a 20 year old man she met on MySpace.
The whole machine he was 20, I didn't say all she is.
Open County Sheriff Michelle Bouchard, Michael Bouchard, hails the school's decision by taking a proactive approach to the biggest factor which is peer pressure we said.
Jerry Huron, Wayne State University of the Professor of American Studies, things keeping kids off the site may just offer a false sense of security.
They may have a high sense of relief.
I think maybe this is like I did when I saw that picture of Mark.
He marked, oh, only I keep heaving him over.
You know, after the first one there's a whole bunch more to follow when I see anything like that.
I think to myself, it's good.
Maybe there isn't God after all. Maybe I'm looking at him.
They may have a cyber relief and they may be this problem we saw.
But a predator who wants to violate children will find a way electronically or otherwise sadly.
He said, join Wally, whatever now of trumage you can agrees with the school's decision.
I absolutely, but third man, absolutely.
Unequivocally agrees said, Wally was a fourth grader and an eighth grader at the school.
My children have never had a MySpace page.
There's too much out there, she says. There's too much out there.
It's out there and they might see it and they might start sticking.
And Ruben, Ruben, I've been thinking that your decisions really stink and they take me off the MySpace page, especially when a young guy like Mark is on it.
If you had any idea how that tickles me, well, you know, I'm not going to say where Wally has tickles you.
No, I'm serious.
I'm not a one of no where it tickles you.
You can use your imagination.
Brack them.
Oh God, you are.
Well, I didn't have a drop to the table.
You're evil. You're evil.
Really? How about just, how about like that?
Oh, that's enough.
Yeah.
And in my case, it's more like, no, when more like,
Hey, that's enough.
So there's that email from Mark.
I'm going to, I'm better, Mark had saved, shouldn't I?
Yeah, more than saved.
Yeah, Mark and Mark.
Oh, and he'll never guess who else just came on there besides Johnny G.
Hey, Johnny, what is with some chip, Johnny G, who probably meant the thanks to Wilson, this thing.
Guess who else is right on top of Mark right now?
And I bet he would like to be too.
Oh God.
I know your good friend, your good bisexual friend, Chris would love to be right on top of,
and as it turned out with the pictures on there, right, he's right over him.
He's hovering right on top of him.
Just when I, one mark back over again and now I think, you know,
he's going to feel like an endangered species, you know what I'm saying?
Where is that?
I saw him first, Chris.
Get out of here.
Sir.
Mine before, I'll show you a step in.
You're bad, my bad.
I am woman, here on me croak.
This must be some kind of sick joke.
The thing that made me a boy frog isn't fair.
You polluted all the ponds, and now my man, who is gone,
now I have to go and find you underwear.
Oh yes, I've changed, and Miss Piggy is so sad.
Oh yes, I've rearranged, now I wear a lily pad.
I am our girl frog, strange thing, our happening.
I like to shop, I like to watch the view, I am woman.
Yes, I'm woman.
I'm going to tell you something.
My spirits have been lifted now, like you wouldn't believe.
Yeah?
In case you're good buddy, Chris is listening online, which I'm sure you probably is.
And I'm not playing a little kneel again today, okay sweetie?
It's just one of those things.
Some of these people think that I'm like Pavlov and the bell.
You know, they ring the bell, like little, all of a sudden I'm going to play, you know.
Old kneel needs arrest, he's old and tired.
But anyway, it was George was the one that, and the, Chris can back me up on this.
Wasn't George the one saying that he thought Chris was, you know, I had bailed out and was disappeared and probably like long gone.
Stuff like that, you know.
Isn't that what you were saying?
Wasn't that George saying that, Chris?
Oh, I'll never say that.
I think sure that's exactly what it was.
It was another one that was my space.
I'm going to tell you something.
I think I'm flying his ass up here and he can use me and abuse me and spend all my money.
How's that?
Who Chris, or that other guy?
Oh Mark, well if I got to choose between Chris and Mark, who the hell cares about Chris?
Yeah, but the other guy is a gimped now.
Now, ask me if I replied to Mark, okay, during the break, during the last break,
which you noticed I stepped on the idea.
I might have been a little bit distracted.
Did you reply to Mark through that break there?
What do you think, Chris?
Do you think I still have that female?
Say he likes fast, sweetheart?
That's good.
Is he good, huh?
I'm sure you offer to be his nurse too.
I'd nurse him back to the health real fast.
I'll tell you that.
You know, that, that busted like his, I would kiss it and rub it and heal it and make it all be fine.
Yeah, well sometimes I have bad aim, you know, I get lost.
So anyway, Chris says he had a long weekend of parting and basketball watching
and had his fantasy baseball graph yesterday.
Now, that, you know, we always liked up into that point, Chris.
But I think at that point, I kind of like, because he tells me he's not a sports nerd.
He doesn't, he doesn't, he loves sports.
He doesn't want to hear people talking about him.
You're like most, most guys, they enjoy sports.
He doesn't want to hear all that boring crap all day about, you know.
But he had the fantasy baseball graph yesterday.
Wow.
Now, seriously, now why did you just pee on his parade?
Because I said that I'm going to fly him up here and he can be my nurse mate.
I'm getting old.
I'm, you know, 64 years old.
I'm old.
What do you thought?
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
I need somebody to take care of me.
Hey, there's a good kid.
There's a really good person.
I mean, like my buddies just go there last night, confedulating on and on.
And it was one of those deals where every time you write the email,
you think that's going to be the last one?
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
In other words, it didn't really require a response.
But then I would see that he read it and here's a reply.
You know, and again, then I'm writing another, that's just the way I am, you know.
I guess it's because I, you know, I do this for a living.
And I talk crap every day for four hours.
So I, I want to spew a lot of it, you know, I'm verbose.
I'm one of those guys.
Right, myself, a simple song.
Get the whole world saying a lot of it.
What is that crap?
Kenny Rogers.
I don't want to hear no Kenny Rogers, okay?
But you mentioned it.
Love it.
It's love lifted me.
You know, you lift this.
No.
Not that story.
Well, that's good because I see Chris's read the message over there.
I got a freedom, the follow-up message about what time he's getting on a plane
to come up here and nurse me back to that.
What would be wrong with that?
Nothing?
Not that judge it.
What would be wrong having somebody here like right right now
with their hand on my back here and my shoulders, you know,
give me a little pat on the back, a little bit of oral, moral encouragement?
What would be wrong with that?
Nothing?
I think there would be a sweet thing, you know.
Keep me in me, not so straight, not so narrow path.
Although he's probably checking out the mark by now, I would think the two of them.
I could just envision the two of them together.
I don't want to think about it too long or too hard.
Nice.
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Bunjero and Onil.
Onjero and Onil.
Come and stay.
Onil, you know what your men just formed there earlier in the show
you were saying that you really aren't doing much on the airwaves these days?
I did say I said I'm not doing much on the airwaves these days
is that what I said?
What did I say that?
Well, at the top of the show, you were saying that.
No, I didn't say that at all.
You were interrupting his crate call.
Let him continue.
Go ahead and finish with that.
Is this the same guy that called before about how I'm destroying America?
Is this the same guy?
Yes, not at all.
I think you have your comics confused.
But, um, yeah.
The fact of the matter.
Okay.
What is it?
What do you say there at the end?
The fact of the matter.
Oh, the fact of the matter is he's gone.
Okay.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
That needs to come out in the closet already.
Last few days.
Amanda, have you never been there?
Come on.
Who needs to come out of the closet?
I don't know.
But he's called so soon.
It sounds like that bit that they played this morning on the Kenny Evo morning show with
a lot of money like that.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Okay.
On a roll.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm sick like a dog, but listen.
So, those who want to watch your show, they way used to being whammy, it's available on YouTube.
What are you talking about, sir?
The way any clips, they're on our website.
They're on our MySpace thing.
Oh, I didn't know.
Where are they on our, I don't know where they are.
They're somewhere.
They're there and anybody wants to watch that needs mental health.
Okay.
If you've got enough time in your life that you want to watch that, then believe me, you want to like
Washington, we let with all loaded chambers, baby, like Maryland Chambers, loaded chambers.
Remember Maryland Chambers behind the window?
I'm sure you have a copy.
I bet you do.
WQ.
You know, the fake you're trying to put out the, you're some kind of sex.
Oh, I don't even know where you're going with this.
Yeah.
What is this all about?
What is all what about?
What do you have in a midlife crisis?
Yes.
Yes.
Comedy with the young guy.
Late life crisis.
Right.
Now.
He's enjoying it though.
I didn't know it was a crisis.
No, I called it a crisis.
I thought there would only be a crisis in the whole world.
If nothing happens at all, then it's a real crisis.
But in the meantime, who knows?
5, 6, 7, it's a radio show.
Schmuck, that's what it is.
It's just a radio show.
And you know, just to relax.
Okay, the crisis right, it's entertaining your, the crisis right?
You're giggling, you're puking, you're laughing, you're tickling yourself, you got one finger,
your foot, and your, whatever you got, the big toe, and you're having a great time.
So just kiss the radio, okay, that I'm still here, and that you're getting a big chuck a lot of it.
Okay, like this.
Just like that.
WQ.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I think somebody said that. Now, let me just see how this thing is because I know I'm not going to get another reply from Mark. I mean, that one, that I mean, like every six months, he responds, so to speak, and he's not online anymore anyhow. Although that's not, that's not always really a, you know, because you know that my space thing, those orange lights, sometimes they light up and sometimes they don't. Now, what about my your close personal friend, Chris, he's on there, man, he's waiting for old Neo, you got a long wait today. See, I just am not, I'm not like a,
a dog on a leash. I'm not really good like it barking on demand stuff like that. I don't mind playing it like, you know, two, three hundred times a week, but that's my limit. I don't tell me I got the, see, this is more important right now. Yeah, there's another message from your boyfriend. Isn't he your boyfriend, Chris? You better make up to him after what you said the first hour. Who? He says, who, he says, who cares about Chris? I do. I need to come up to Ronald and show you. Yeah, show me something, sweetheart. WQAM. Hello.
Well, if a little more time were spent on your wardrobe, you wouldn't have, yeah, I would do it. I wouldn't have any problems. You're right. WQAM. Hello. Yes, that kind of agree with the last caller there. Yeah, kind of agree with the last Reverend John's there. Four million. How many times is it going to be today, Reverend John's two million, three million? How many are going to be, Pally? Well, he don't respond. He just, he just, he just, he just iracculates. He just makes statements just like the online line don't respond. QAM. Tim. Tim.
Okay, that takes you over nice. I totally have a nice phone call sweep that it was pretty good. And like I said, the price was right. The price is just perfect. You couldn't ask for better for, for nothing. Am I right? Free for nothing? Yeah. Five six seven, oh, five sixty. Uh oh. WQAM. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't sweetie. Okay, Pally. Yeah, I love it when Mama thinks that the wedding of the Godfather. Yeah, love you. Hi. Mama Corley only. Who is that again?
Morgana King. That's right. What a mammary man. What a mammary. Yeah, Mama a little dinner. Man. Yeah, my love when he says that sent him. You know, actually has the big thing with the Pope, a jenko. Look what I got. You know, look what I got.
The word nice. And it all told him to his best. He did a good job. Tom was fine. Okay. Just because he wasn't a work. Oh, when he said, he says, Mama a little dinner. Do you ever see a big fat Italian woman like that made a little dinner? In
higher disilliberating. Who is Thanksgiving night when I accidentally hit a deer? Look out. Look out. I caught Geico expecting to get a recording, but someone was there to help me. Help me. Somebody help me.
Geico got my claim and works right away. And I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving.
Max Potato's gravy.
He's stereo.
Looking for love in a deceptive way. It's a bloody picture stolen from my space.
Oh, we're down in my ass on a fake profile.
Oh,
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
I could be good looking or at that every age.
Why your gay or maybe just strange. Look at all my go-to friends that I've got so far.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Oh, the time is a bloody time.
It's a bloody time.
You're gonna find a thing because you have no life.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
I'm giving hope to the desperate and lonely.
Even though I may be incredibly lonely.
You'll never know it's my reason for nothing but lies.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
You see the road with all day's lies.
The gates to Dexaway the time.
We'll work together by.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Troulin' online.
Huh?
1118 at 560 WDQM.
Now let's get back to the show.
Okay, all this nonsense.
All this fall to all that you're trying to set up for whatever you call this.
What do you call it?
I don't know.
It's some kind of a rain situation you want.
Somebody wants somebody to fly somebody out here to take care of me.
Is that the deal?
Like I'm some kind of a dot-ering old man.
Like I'm old meal.
Does that what he said, Chris?
No.
Of course it might be.
He said.
1037 votes in the meantime.
We weren't even paying any attention to that poll in the meantime.
Look at it.
Yeah.
What is the worst threat to our children?
We have 1037 votes.
George W. Bush to a 33.
There I go again, destroying America.
Religion 217.
The Federal death hell in here 163.
All of these things.
The crap on TV 137.
The crap their parents feed them 90.
Especially if it's drove food.
Drugs in alcohol 80.
Like an in the cool and at the poor dead kidderhers.
The list, what is it?
The lies their parents feed them 71.
Which of course includes much of the above.
I hate this poll.
Only 21.
Just 2% they like it.
Terrorism 19.
And premarital sex only 8th.
That's what Father Road Tools said.
There's nothing wrong with premarital sex as long as he's the one that's having it with
your kids.
No problem at all.
1043 votes already.
What are we thinking today?
We're thinking like 1300?
Okay.
Chris?
Yeah, that sounds about good.
I'm thinking the poll looks awfully quiet to me even though it is a Monday.
You realize it's almost April already?
Which means it's George's vacation next week and then the week after that I'm out of
here, man.
I'm off across the pond.
My, my, my, look out now.
5670560, pound 562, and even rising in singular, wireless line.
Dead as a dorn am.
Maybe if we had our own baseball draft show on here we could, we could, we could
rounds up a little bit of attention.
You think?
No.
Fantasy baseball draft, man.
And then we're sad.
We can leave it for baseball season.
Now, what?
What are you fracking?
Nothing.
Oh, I just actually thought that through for a second.
Did you really?
I'm thinking through the thing with the phone here.
I mean, I know the delay will take another half hour to catch up with the delay, but boy,
it's pretty deadly out there.
Pretty deadly.
It's a damn good thing I'm getting at least a little bit of correspondence from some people
here on, online, you know.
Trolling online.
Because not there in radio land, it's really, really deadly looking to me.
Not too friendly this morning, huh?
WQA and hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah, hello, Neil.
It's Reverend Jones again for the 400th time this hour.
Hello, Neil.
Well, by the way, Chris, what happened with that guy that was feeding you a bunch of
Ballonia on Friday, that phone expert?
Well, then we have to call Bell South.
Oh, please.
Tell them, you know, please.
The number for a lease.
Pack your please.
I thought that when he was taking all that information.
I thought this is somebody that's going to tell us everything that we already know.
And Bell South doesn't want to do anything anymore.
That is correct.
And then of course, there's always Joyce, you know.
It's the same one.
Yeah, excuse me.
That's all I can tell you, Jessica, used to it.
At least, at least he calls.
Yeah, I can't say too much for him.
But that was the matter of our call.
I think that may be the last call for the day today.
The way that phone is looking to me.
Let me just check this thing out.
Oh, look, the crazies will be there, huh?
You'll see, you're going to get some really, see, when you least expect it, like on Friday,
there was a call.
I'm not really sure what the hell he said.
There was one.
I'm sure of it.
WQA and hello.
WQA and Ola.
Hello.
Yes, Hill.
Yeah.
Hey, I have a, I drew a blank again.
I'm going to call you.
What do you mean, you drew a blank?
Yeah, I just forgot what I was going to say.
I'll talk to you later.
Thanks.
Okay, coming back here.
Coming back next week, we remember coming in two weeks when I'm on vacation.
Called George next week, Hill, and that's where you won't be there either.
We're all leaving.
WQA and hello.
How are you?
Okay.
Every time I call, I feel like, I feel like I'm so rushed on the phone, and I have to get everything out so fast.
What do you mean you're so rushed?
Am I saying anything?
I'm sitting here, I'm listening.
I'm in a coma.
What do you got?
No, no, but when I call, I feel like I have to get everything out so quickly.
Yeah.
And what do you got?
That was it.
What do you got?
That's a joke.
Today, I don't have nothing today, but when I call with something, I feel like I've got to...
Well, when is that going to happen?
Are you going to give us the date when that's going to happen?
I don't know.
I'll put it around the calendar.
I'll put it in the calendar.
When you call, man, I'll make sure that we give you at least...
...at least...
...soft turn, man.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, you don't have to agree with those last couple calls.
Yeah, I've got to...
Yeah, for the 400 and 4th...
Let me ask you something.
You got the phone stuck in where the moon are showing.
Man, oh man, it's like an automatic red dial.
That seems straight.
I've got to agree, yeah.
If you're going to make a stupid call, at least make it a good stupid call.
That's the problem with so many of you idiots.
Bad stupid calls.
That's the problem.
WQA and hello.
Is that real flag?
Is that...
WQA and hello.
QA and Ola.
Hello.
Yes.
If you go in, you can't...
Yeah, we'll go in and can't.
Okay.
And we go in and can't.
Rubber rapscrotters starting to kick in now.
What is a face-off start?
Is it like a pass-over now?
Not that we have any Jews listening anyway.
They're all upset with me because I won't suck up to Israel.
You know, and a Jew Lieberman stuff like that.
They get very upset about things like that.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, you a picture or a catcher?
Ah!
Ah!
The bill is $670.
Right.
60 pound, like I said, very, very weak.
Very sad, man.
Very sad.
And you wonder why I'm happy not to be there?
152 votes on the poll.
Okay, let me get back into my pile because I can see it.
We're done.
We're done on it.
The Booker Administration is backing in to the wall
and has failed a rockward dispatched a tacked dog.
They're chaining over the weekend to spew the usual rhetoric of hate.
Claiming the House votes at a time table for withdrawal aides
and abets the enemy.
The claim is standard fare for Bush's often used claim
that either you support him or you're a traitor into the country.
Just like that guy said at the beginning of the show,
you're a traitor, you're destroying America.
However, with polls showing 67% of American people no longer buying into his failed war,
the words have an extremely hollow ring.
Associated press reports by his President Cheney on Saturday accused the Democrat
let House have not supporting troops in Iraq
and have sending a message to terrorists that America will retreat in the face of danger.
They're not supporting the troops.
They're undermining them.
Cheney told the gathering of the Republican Jewish Coalition
at Ocean side, Ritz Carlton Hotel in the Nala Panthlor
to 60 miles north of Miami.
On Friday, the House voted to clamp a cutoff deadline on the Iraq War
agreeing by a thin margin to pull combat troops out by next year.
The $124 billion House Legislation would pay for wars in Iraq and Afghanistan this year
but would require the combat troops come on from Iraq before September 2008
or earlier if the Iraqi government doesn't meet certain requirements.
Cheney called it a myth that one can support the troops without giving them the tools or reinforcements they need
to carry out their mission.
President Bush has threatened to veto legislation.
Cheney said Bush will now withdraw troops before the stability in Iraq.
We should live so long, okay?
Stability in Iraq.
That's like religionists for sanity.
Scientific religion is all this other crap, you know.
Stability in Iraq, my ass.
154 votes on a poll were doing still around there, I'll tell you.
We're kicking an old style on a poll.
In the church.
And in the mollotative.
With this week's installment of...
Now see here.
I'll see here.
Pants are essential to a man's entire.
Now I've got all kinds of things of my pants.
And I'm aw shins.
And I'm bingoed by a easter.
Who knows what I'll find in the next.
You know, many things have been said about my pants.
I may not be wearing any now.
But that's only cause and a flurry of excitement.
I sold them.
Big more for pants.
Fred Moetz, a James Coco.
Kaman, and another thing.
Big more for hygiene.
Summer's Eve?
Oh Mr. Whipple.
And I think you know the answer to that one.
And while I'm under subject to sports.
Who did more for the Duffins offense?
Flow more rose into all.
Well Mr. Kittel.
Let me give you some else to find your pink pipe to smoke.
Who did more for Gleib missed bathroom spray?
Who are hey, bag of dawn and run, register?
Or buying denny?
To am I?
You know where you can insert this on the fax here.
If Joyce will only die.
Wait, where did they go?
You can't go nowhere.
There we go.
It's 1132.
What is it?
168 votes.
It's 1132 on the clock.
You can get my numbers confused.
Usually I can keep my numbers pretty straight.
What is phone today?
This is deadly.
I think we're observing the demise as we knew it.
You know what?
I think we're observing, we're presiding over it.
Don't you?
Okay.
But ask us if we care.
Do we care?
Not as long as my paycheck showed up today.
That's all I care about.
When I get the word on that, then everything is kosher for pay saw.
567-0560, pound five, 60 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
This is the worst I have ever seen on this phone.
I would say at least 20 years.
Let me just see.
Let me just make sure you know what I said.
Yeah, they're working.
They're working just fine.
168 votes on the pool.
George Bush leading the pack again.
George W. Bush and religion.
WDQAM.
Hello.
I don't see you in the long.
Yes, sir.
The reason we can't have a conversation is George keeps hanging out.
Yeah, George is.
I got it.
I got it.
I got it.
John's, anyhow.
See, all that business is about Bell South.
There's only one thing that solves that problem.
The shotgun.
Sure.
What will solve the problem?
There's no question about it.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Oh, Bob.
I just met a man named O.P.M.
WDQAM.
Hello.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
You're on the.
Yes, ma'am.
Are you doing me?
Okay.
Yeah.
I love you.
Yeah.
That's a lot of time.
I think I hear it all the time on the radio.
Right.
You're the good.
I'm good.
You're saying it.
I'm good.
You know, I went to coffee and took care of nobody.
I was ready to give out the number.
Well, wasn't that sweet?
Yeah.
Thank you, Dale.
Bye.
Okay.
Get a new phone, by the way.
It sounds like you're underwater.
It sounds like she was talking to her about 40 pounds of mush.
The nith?
Was that just my imagination?
No, it was mushy.
It was really mushy.
It sounded like that bit that they were playing.
Want to go to the water room on the morning show?
Yeah.
It sounded like that.
Not that they care you understand.
I can see why they don't care.
It's just that there comes a point when you just throw up your arms and say, hey, you know,
what the hell?
What the f?
Remember Tom Krusev?
What was the movie?
Risky Frisky Business.
Is that what it was?
And don't you remember that?
He said, you know, comes a time and a lot.
When he was getting interviewed for college or whatever the hell of deal was.
Remember the guy came to do the interview?
That's right.
And he said, you know something, uh, dick or whatever the guy's name was.
It just comes a point in life where you say, what the f?
That's right.
You know what I was going for.
It was a good memory, old man.
Oh, hey, listen.
There's certain things you don't forget.
That's Tom Krusev before he was so gay.
WDQAM, hello.
We're at least before we knew about it.
WQAM, hello.
My name is so resting for.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, I'm just going up and down all day.
QAM, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
I hope people realize that the situation with Valerie Plank, she was in charge 20 years.
You know, Valerie, the girl that they outed, Mr. Plank.
I think we need to walk your ass off the edge of the plank.
Bottom line, Neil, is...
What is the bottom line, Schmuck?
20 years, sir.
She, um...
Valerie Plank.
WDQAM, hello.
Yes.
Okay.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Can you play the regional reverend, John?
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, what happened to that young guy that was on the show there?
Curtis, Curtis, no.
Curtis?
Curtis ain't on this show.
No, um...
He was good.
Josh?
Why do you want to date?
Yeah, he was good.
You want to date?
He was funny.
He was real funny.
Yeah.
Yeah, he...
Well, he paid me to call, but...
Yeah, I'm sure he did.
5.6705.60, and I just took him out of my will.
Just since you said that.
5.6705.60, and pound 5.60, and the Verizon and Singular Rival's line.
This is a singularly amazing day to me, and ask me if I care.
I don't really care.
Do you care?
Nothing. I got that email from my friend Mark and the wheelchair there,
the soccer player from UNF.
Mmm.
I mean, why should I care?
Why worry about this other small potatoes, man?
These people, like you've always said, how many's it in times of you said?
This is America, man.
This is the last great batch of democracy where these people can call,
and in three, four seconds or less, they can say just about anything they want,
and they still can't do it.
Yeah, that's right.
Well, I can't do that either.
At least that would be different.
You know what I mean? That would be different.
Whatever happened to him, by the way.
Maybe he died.
We can only pray.
QAM, hello.
Hello, man.
WQAM.
Who's the AAM, hello?
Hello, Neil.
I play soccer too, ready.
Yeah, and?
Yeah.
I'm six foot two.
I'm a little body.
Boring.
5.6705.60, we're not trolling for soccer players on here.
Okay, everybody got my soccer player buddy there out there on my space,
out in the East Ricks somewhere, you know?
One of those fantasy people.
Well, a lot of real fine pictures on here.
I mean, it's super fine.
And all you want to be is that they're all these people.
Oh, yeah, I'm six foot two, and I'm really chisel.
Yeah, you want to be chiseled, okay?
In fact, over the next time you buy a card,
they chisel your ugly ass.
Go down and see Boacamp, or he'll help you out.
Boys, here he is.
He's got a $600 year old, he's like Blueblade.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I have a happy question.
Good, ask an auto cares.
WQAM, hello.
Whatever happened to fill a lorry over in Lakewood Village.
WQAM, hello.
You.
Yes.
How's it going?
All right, great.
All right, I just want to say, I know you don't talk about sports or anything like that.
No, we absolutely do not.
Well, that's great.
As a matter of fact, you should actually pitch to the rest of the people in that place
about the people that are trying to build another Marlin Stadium,
no Marlin Stadium, no tax money for Marlin Stadium.
How back can it get?
It's been how many years has it been asked for a stadium?
Yeah.
And they're millionaires?
Yeah.
And they can't even get the money.
Yeah, boring.
$5670, $560, $560, who are approaching $1,100.
I think we got $13 in the red alert today, Chris.
And Chris will be mighty happy about that.
Now, what's the story with, wait, let's see, tomorrow, speaking of Marlins, I'm ready
reminded me of that.
That's another reason to be in an extra good mood today, as we got Marlins in the Eurails
tomorrow, 12, 15, Thursday, the Marlins in the Cardinals.
What's not to love?
Yeah.
Give a win.
That.
G-A-Y.
Yes, you C-K-S.
Huh?
Oh, I'm not the refrigerator.
The refrigerator.
Golden liquor stand with from my even loner.
Fake and lemon sentiment.
So, with Taylor Gips, they can cut a hungry four rice.
A roll out for adults and a pizza pie.
A loaf of rice.
I can give them a full bed fro.
A loner's car.
A loaf of chops.
A loaf of chops.
Cherify.
And the mokkukai.
A quarter seven up.
A quarter puffs.
Boy, I've got an appetite.
I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I.
Whoa, mama, mama, my even loner.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.
A roll out for more than a roll out.
Biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff, biff.
Rice, a roll out.
16.00 to 5.60 WAM are going out of business sale.
It's going to be great, man.
From now until I would say like a middle of summertime, then we'll just shut the whole thing
down.
WDGC, you don't give a crap.
And we're proud of it.
1,000 ADS, I ate boats.
Before the hour's over, we're going to have 1100.
Chris thinks we can do, let's see.
It's coming up on noon.
We can do 13 easy.
Yeah, all right.
Definitely.
Easy.
QAM, hello.
I'm Gonell.
Yes, sir.
How you doing there?
Okay.
I'd like to tell you, I'm starting to figure out what the problem is here at QAM.
And what is that?
You're not a team player.
Yeah.
Well, you know, last week when they asked me to give you some interview time for that entertainer
at the end there, or Kim and Bo, or whatever it is.
You can go, let them do it.
No, I should not.
No, I should not.
That's not the way radio works, Schmuck.
Well, how about a few interviewer?
You could have done it.
Yeah, I don't want to.
It doesn't even know who he's talking about.
We don't have to guess on his show.
Do you have any idea who they were going to interview?
With some black entertainer.
Yeah, and, you know, pretty...
Why couldn't they have done that between seven and ten when they were on the air?
Well, because they're not having that crazy job.
So in other words, you're telling me that because I'm not a team player, that's why they got a
one-seven share in the morning and they're dying on their ass.
It's my fault.
Yeah.
You know, we used to have those t-shirts that I would do.
In fact, wasn't it a Steve Nichol thing?
It's Niels fault and then on the back would have a...
Right.
If it rains, it's...
We'll be warning.
His diarrhea hits.
Whatever happens, Niels fault.
I've been listening to this for 31 years in this market every time somebody fails, falls flat
on her ass.
Oh, if Niel would have just been more of a team player, more supporter of you all.
Right.
Give Kenny a big kiss for us, by the way, or is it toast?
Mmm.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, I wouldn't be worried about Q-A-M's rating.
The finishing is get the dolphins back.
Everything will just skyrocket from there.
That's the answer.
No question about that, man.
It's the A-D-A and I think that you do it.
What's your take on that?
Yeah, take this.
5-6-7, take two and call us in the morning or not as the case may be.
I think the not part sounds good.
Not.
Isn't not very...
Nice.
5-6-7, 0-5-6-6.
You'll see.
I'll squeeze something out of these bastards today.
You'll see.
I don't want to tell you where I'm squeezing it from.
Back to...
So far, that's what we're getting.
You know what I mean?
The good stuff's coming later.
An accidental drug overdose killed former reality TV star.
I love that word, reality TV.
Right.
And Playboy, uh, playmate, Ann and Nicole Smith,
seminal travel chief, Charlie Tiger said today.
Charlie Tiger.
Tiger said there was no evidence to follow play.
We are convinced based on extensive removal of the evidence that this case is an accidental overdose
with no other criminal element present, Tiger said.
The medical examiner's office had said on March 7th
that the victim was determined, but wouldn't be announced for one or two weeks to get police time to
finish the investigation.
Broward Medical Examiner Joshua Purper with that strange head wanted to make sure none of the
investigators find any of his own findings.
Purper said today this myth was taking nine count them, okay?
Count them on the fingers?
Yeah.
Different kinds of medication that is before death, including a sleeping aid.
Well, it worked like crazy, man.
It's sleeping.
One put her asleep for good.
Tiger said Monday.
The case is now closed.
She's dead.
You know, I mean, is there any point in going on on the drugs?
Through it, baby, it was the through family and I was the dead family.
It's against the coincidence?
Nope.
You're not eating again, are you?
There better not be no food in there.
Oh, I mean, crackers.
Better save up for a Char-Hot Wednesday.
Oh, yeah?
That's what Duff told me.
Oh, Duff was seen at dillards in the gallery, by the way, by one of my spies, going into a bracket about the fact that he knows
the erogers and the erogers is this, and by the way, all those other crap.
Hey, Duff!
You're a Ferrari.
W-Q-A-N, hello.
Yeah, I'd like to speak to Neil God, please.
Speaking, sir.
I'd like to thank you, first Neil, for making my drive from Jupiter to Fr. Lada everyday, tolerable.
Mm-hmm.
And then, second request, if you could just pre-request.
What was the first request?
Well, the first one was actually thank you for making the drive tolerable.
Thank you for making your call, yes.
And if you can play the one at Frick's solution in the basket, Kirby, I'd love it.
So in other words, you don't have anything to say.
It's just a request.
Well, a request, and the first was thanks for making a...
No, no, that was just a suck-up.
That was just a set-up for the request.
Oh, no.
You don't really think I'm that stupid, do you?
No, stupid.
No, I'm stupid, but I'm not that stupid.
Oh, no, Neil.
I wouldn't think that at all.
Yeah, you do think that, otherwise you wouldn't have tried to pull that stun, you know?
You sucky, sucky, kissy, kissy, and then, right away, could you play and put the line, of course not.
You're a crazy person or what?
Good, golly-mouth-small.
They must think I crawl out of bed.
Somebody has to push me on the floor and grab me by the arm to drag me in here.
I get out of bed.
I'm assisted, man.
Let me tell you that right now, at least so far, until my soccer friend gets up here.
Wouldn't that be nice?
Well, he probably needs a place to come and heal up, you know what I mean?
Well, I sure wouldn't happen here.
I'll guarantee you that.
Yeah, 1,093 votes on the pool.
We got 1100 licked.
WDQA-M, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, good show today.
Question.
I got a godfather one question, which my friends and I, we've discussed numerous times.
Otherwise, the flawless movie.
Yeah.
In the scene where Sonny gets the call from Connie, that Kyle's his beat on him, right?
He goes right out, jumps in the car, hard hit, takes off out of the compound, Tom Hayden follows Joe.
Go after him.
He said go after him.
And then all of a sudden, there he is, you know, at the toll booths, they open up on him and see, you know,
took a couple minutes, but these...
...and I was wondering what happened that, you know, there was no, nobody got taken care of afterwards
because earlier with the Don, you know, the show forgot to commend it with the line, you know,
they leave the gun to Connie.
Carlos gets whacked at the end, but...
Carlo?
Huh?
Carlo?
Carlo, right.
At the end, you know, he got whacked because he was involved in setting up Sonny.
But I was wondering about those guys, and nobody ever, you know, Kaplon, never, you know, had anything safe.
There were little slow, man.
There were little bits left.
And every traffic was heavy.
Yeah.
And a closing comment on the first thing the other day when...
The first team?
Yeah, I mean, I'm sorry.
You know, Kenny and both.
The worst team, yeah.
Yeah.
They had...
They had some guy on part of the show, I guess, eating dog food and they paid him, you know, I just...
I couldn't believe it.
They were that desperate.
They had a guy eating dog food on the show?
Yeah.
Their intern.
Their intern, right.
They paid him of course something, but, uh, I found that incredible, and that's all I gotta say, thanks.
Thanks for the good news, man.
Okay, I'm gonna jump out the window.
I'm gonna commit suicide right on the ear here.
We're gonna promote it till about one o'clock.
And I'm gonna take the cord and I'm gonna dangle over the edge of the balcony, and then you'll hear me like,
ah! I had a baby.
Great.
After hearing that they fed the intern dog food on the show on that...
That was a joy of food.
What was it?
Like, kibbles and schmitzers, or what, what the hell was it?
Maybe that was the, uh, the object to see if he died or not.
Yeah.
Well, I know about that show.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, what afternoon, yeah.
Yes sir, good evening.
You know, what a thing I've noticed with it.
Well, what is that with a very bad, uh, accent line?
I've not asked that. I was making, so I stand out on the line.
Yeah, bad, right.
I was making with a bad, Jamaican accent though.
Do you like it?
Anyway, and then, here's what I was listening to this day, so I'm watching my car.
And I noticed that it was in commercial from pretty many ways.
The hitman, or whatever, is supposed to be the...
What are you talking about, man?
What are you talking?
It's not for any of you.
It's a very long version of which one could be the show.
Yeah, yeah, get lost, man.
Not a crazy person, crazy Jamaican.
Excuse me for the redundancy.
1102 on the pole.
All right.
You see that?
There's a method to my madness today.
You may not hear it on the ear.
It may not be on the show.
But behind the scenes, man, there's some heavy duty stuff going on.
I don't know what it is.
1102, uh, refreshing again.
1102.
The worst threat to our children.
George W. Bush 247.
Religion 232.
Very close, side by each.
The federal debt that they're going to inherit 177.
The crap on TV 139.
The crap their parents feed them 97.
Drugs and booze 83.
Drugs and booze, baby.
The lies their parents tell them 75.
I hate this pole.
A mere 22, just 1.9%.
How do you like that?
And we need to ask them this morning.
Do you like it?
And they do like it.
Terrorism 21 and premarital sex only 9.
Who'd hell they want their kids to have premarital sex, huh?
Who doesn't want that?
Do you want your kids to have premarital sex?
You guys can be?
Of course.
They probably will.
Yeah, I wasn't the question.
No, I wasn't the question.
So I want them to?
Yes.
No, I want them to wait until they're married and then find out that there's something wrong
with the guy that they're supposed to be having sex with.
Right.
That's right.
Find out like that guy in a rubber that he doesn't even have the equipment.
I told my daughter, don't buy a car unless you test ride it.
There you go.
Very good.
See there, there's the kind of pervert daddy that everybody wants.
WQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
This is very important for you to know this.
I'm being serious with you.
Yeah, don't be.
But over the media out there, you are the breath of fresh air and I'm being serious with you.
I got to like me as to listen to all these crack pots rush limbaugh, good gun back and everything like that.
Well, why do you mean you have to listen to them?
Why is there somebody holding your gun near your head?
No, if I turn to a CEO, you don't want to be like me.
But then I turn you on and away here is the truth.
And the guy who called before this as your disingenuous, you know, the point to the matter is there's millions and tens of millions of Americans who want to get the heck out of a rack.
And they can't because his president keeps us there.
And I want to know from your viewpoint what we can do besides impeach this guy to make a difference.
That's funny.
This must be the funniest call I've ever heard.
Oh, that's right.
We're still on here.
We're making a difference.
We're making a difference.
We're making a difference.
Sir, I would take a deep breath.
I'd start on the dog food right now.
Let me recommend a few brands to you.
Okay, you can do it.
It would be good.
Kibbles and schmitz.
In fact, I think that call game you to schmitz.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, you.
I would stand up and say, God bless America.
Come on, sir. You can do it.
Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry.
Neil Kimbo on the work team in the morning.
Yeah.
Wow.
Why would he give in that show because he advertised?
Worked sheep.
Huh?
You're asking me?
Yeah.
I mean, you should know.
Because he sounds so exciting.
Because he's a great podcast there.
He's a boring person.
Colma inducing is a good guy.
Colma inducing, man.
That's correct. Colma inducing.
But if you would just be more cooperative, Neil,
let them have 50 minutes of your show so they could drive you down into the ones
and believe me, we're well on the way.
I have no doubt about that.
That last January trend, that wasn't any fluke.
We're on the way.
When you're on the Titanic, man, and you see everybody going down all around you,
and there's no more life rat, Jack, it's left.
You know what your ultimate fate is going to be.
Which is why it really is very important that I find out if that check shows up today
because if it doesn't show up today, I just might be out.
You know something?
This is the truth.
And the Sun is starting to shine.
It's going to be like 67 here today.
I may just walk around the streets of Toronto and make you today.
Just just kind of like a protest.
Oh, by the way.
These take pictures.
As a protest against the beesleys and the aberrant way in which they're conducting business.
And they have Bruce Beasley sitting across the table there with Jolly Fat Joe Bell.
And give me a solid an answer about how they're going to be the best damn sports station.
And they're going to do this.
I don't know what the hell this man is.
I didn't seem to do any drugs during lunch.
Or maybe he slipped off the table in the bathroom.
Maybe he slipped them in their real quiet when I went to take a leak or some.
I don't know.
I mean this man talks to a caca.
I talked nonsense.
It's like everybody around you was dying and you're like, hey, where's the party?
Call me when the party starts and I'll like that.
I just don't get it.
There's that Tony Harris trying to see it.
And he gives me the, he gives me spielki's man.
I shiver and I shake and I just want to quake.
When I see him and I listen to that good crap he spews out.
WNQYM, hello.
QYM, hello.
QYM.
Neil, hey.
Happy Monday to you.
Well back to you.
Hey, I know it's so little time and so much to do and so much to read and see.
But have you seen the movie Fast Food Nation?
What is it?
Fast Food Nation.
Yeah, sucks.
Oh, you hated it?
Oh, that's garbage.
I don't even like it.
What about set up and sing by the Dixie Sing?
Didn't see it.
Oh, okay.
Well, that's a good one.
I hope you like that.
Fast Food Nation blows.
You didn't like that.
I mean, like it's something, like it's some surprise that he goes there and eats all that crap every day.
And he's around a virgin dying.
Is that a shock to anybody?
Yeah, but did you see the special features of me, Tricks?
See ya.
Did you see it?
No, I did not.
Good.
Good choice.
And I'm also,
what do I need to know about?
I suck you into watching a race and you're just only going to do that either.
1115 votes on the podium.
And that came as a real shock.
I mean, the whole thing was about how he kept going to the doctor and his cholesterol was going up.
And his blood pressure was going up.
And he was getting fatter and fatter and fatter and at the end of the...
I'm dying on my ass.
But, yeah, I guess he made a few bucks off.
So, it beat at 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Well, I never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I've eaten with the round bits of it.
Now, as a classic set of wheels, fix them the way your brother would die again.
Now, with the key to shining and the drink is cold and the dyes of the mossy,
now, it doesn't cancel the quencherio.
Oh, baby.
Open up for now to cherry cherry and be baby prince.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little village, really busy.
And the princess red-chip now so un-dounced down the road in a bit that is super-foward.
Now, with the harvest off, no big deal, so they'll get around and be to the prince.
By 1979, my own bone, Catalina showed a combined now with my baby Cadillac.
Oh, baby.
Open up for now to cherry cherry and be baby prince.
Oh, baby.
Shiny little village, really busy.
Yo!
I kept a wing those down on the hearts of the day because the case he don't want no name.
The sweaty pressure loss eats thoughts be smell that gets the dust he will get over time.
And from a back to find the shiny granite smell like lime thanks my coffee,
Johnny Dupres having washed it with all the wrong.
Oh, baby.
Open up for now to cherry cherry and be baby prince.
Oh, baby.
I'm a shopping-beast going over Steve Lufsen's.
Oh, baby.
First, my Lord, dear, you'll be fantastic to be in baby prince.
Oh, baby.
So, no 4 or 5, 60 WQMH, still our day, if you ask me, a phenomenal Monday, man.
We have 130 votes. We're going to get 13 every right off the beginning.
Not like 15 every like we had a couple of Mondays ago.
And what was the big deal on that day? Maybe there were actually some people.
Oh, I know.
Boy, if we could figure that out, figure what out?
You know, like one of the good days going to be in why?
Well, what's the misuse of that make?
I guess not.
I'm not here to bother with the paycheck shows up today.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
We just don't care.
I'm not here at the house.
I'm not here at the house.
I'm not here at the house.
We just don't care.
That's right. We just don't care.
WJVC.
We just don't care.
And we refuse to care.
Just like that morning show.
And the thing you're playing on the air, like, oh, no.
Like that.
And why should we care about that?
And when we got Lenny Martez on the air and some of the other swirls,
I mean this way, and we got opening tips that I would been both cools or some
Bimbo on there.
Do we have the heat game?
No.
We carry the heat game.
When do you think that anybody that cares about the heat is going to be listening to WIWD
since they carry the heat game, and we're sure they got a very highly sold and well sold pre game show,
and post game show, wouldn't you assume that?
Wouldn't you think so, huh?
Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Right. You would think so.
But you want to know why we got it.
Do you want the answer to the question?
Nope.
Well, you already know the answer to the question.
You know the answer to the question,
if I can fight it, because it's sports.
That's right.
Sports, sports, sports.
Still start getting bitter now.
OK, don't get bitter.
Although, you know, I sit here every now and then.
I get one of these lucid moments.
I really mean this.
And during the last break, I was sitting right
I think to myself, money is not a problem for me.
I got plenty of money stashed away as you well know.
OK, I have plenty of cash.
Mucho de nero.
I could just say to you right now, hey, guess what?
I wouldn't do it to you, because that would be cool.
Plus, I don't know if the check showed up yet.
Right.
But if I did know the check was there,
and I was positive that it was in the bank,
I could just say to you, hey, George,
Chris, have a good time, man.
All right.
Thanks for the memories.
Put on my pantaloonies.
Yeah, that's right.
I think you're going to play the thing
from once upon a time in America.
I love that music reason in the opium, Dan.
What was that?
Huh?
I'm trying to think of what that is.
Yeah, it's the same thing with that flute.
Oh, the Indian pantaloon.
Yeah, the Indian flute.
Those Indians are being on the flute.
Q-A-M, hello.
Neil, if the Titanic does go down, please, please throw a lifeboat
for George, please, hello, that guy.
All right.
Oh, he's got his rubber raft.
He saved it.
It's very smart enough he knew it would come in handy.
It's a good sign.
Well, we came to Q-A-M, he figured, yeah, better.
I better keep that thing up.
Get all the holes all pulled up, you know, pants, pants,
pants that maybe up.
Chris, I don't really have a wrapped org,
or I'd say, hey, either one would do.
5670560, pound five.
I'm serious.
I mean, I'm just thinking to myself,
and it's not, yeah, I mean, the call is,
it's the same old crap.
It's been this way for like five years now.
Can you, yeah, I remember, see, a lot of people
assume that I forget, because I don't know,
I have old-timers disease.
When we came to Q-A-M, and they put together
the desperate makeshift studio on the second floor down there.
There were days, and this is the truth.
There were days when I sat there,
and then that whammy thing was going on,
and they were taping me sitting there in my misery.
I was begging, pleading for a call, anything,
playing all that music to go the time,
and then I would punch up the phone and realize the lines were dead.
Do you remember how many times that happened?
Like a hundred.
The phone wasn't even working.
It wasn't working, and I'm sitting there,
and I'm pumping the numbers, and screaming and whaling.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba, ba-ba-ba, beep beep,
and I like a lunatic, and the phone was dead.
It's just kind of like this line one here now.
How long would you say that it's been like a year and a half?
More than two years.
More than two years.
One of the lines under phone has been dead.
Two years!
And this is major market radio.
Well, they don't even read it. We just don't care, okay?
You call this big market radio?
Not me. I call this a laughing stock. I call this a joke.
And then of course if I open up a mouth, well there he goes again. We're paying them all
that money. And there he goes again. RIPPING US.
Listen, if they did things right, we'd be the happiest people on the face of a globe,
okay? We'd be ecstatic. We'd be squeezing ourselves. We'd be jumping for joy.
We're like, like Mexican jumping beans in a heat.
But they just don't care. They don't and they won't.
Now it was Josh Kordist told me that he had lunch with Jelly Jo Bell here a week or two
ago. Remember that conversation we had?
Yes.
They went to lunch. And Jo told them things are going great. I mean we have one and two
shares all day long now, including this show. I mean in January we're like fading off
the face of the globe. But the building is good. Maybe we got a lot of spots. We got spots
up the old ads right there. They have a name for that disease. It's called the D.D.
Delamation disease. You get spots in your abdomen.
Q.A.N. Hello. Q.A.N. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
Just a correction sir. The lady was talking about past food nation. You were thinking
super size before.
Oh super size me.
Right.
How good nation. What tell us that?
It's about meat hacking industry. They could both but I don't know about the movie
buddy.
Oh heaven.
I'm so sorry man. So sorry. I don't want to see it. Don't make me sick.
Just one thing Neil. You got one year left bro. Just relax.
You want me to have one year since when do I have one year left? I got almost two years
left.
You got in 2008?
I have almost two years left sir.
Almost two years.
All right.
Just relax.
You know the worry about everybody. Everything's fine.
Okay.
All right buddy.
Take care.
Okay.
I'm just going to.
I got a long extension to sit back. Oh this is good. Oh man. This is relaxing. You
know what?
If you could see if you could see me. Maybe it's just as well. I'm sitting back.
What do you mean by that?
Or just in your boxes.
Oh definitely is just as well. Nobody has any knowledge for sure. You puke your
guts.
I'm ready to see that.
Super size me. That's the movie I keep seeing on the cable. It's horrible. Fast food
nation. Now maybe I better go get that. I would kill some time. It's no more Adam
sure.
I don't know how.
Nice.
It is.
I don't know.
You reached out.
I got a mic blocking me off. I didn't have to reach it. It's all for a problem.
I'm sitting back in my chair now. I'm almost like in a reclining position as they say in
a little of Anna position. What are what their favorite position is in a little of Anna
problem.
That's beside. I don't want to know.
1140 votes on the poll. We're doing fine on there. No. I'm just you know. I'm just
thinking out loud. You know me. Like Bill Tech would say out loud. Is that what his
name was?
Bill Dreck.
It was out loud.
Yeah.
Out loud. Let's go back to whammy, man. Yeah. I really do. I really kick some old
ancient style ass. I just never worked around an outfit that is so indifferent and so just
lack a daisicle. It would be on the understatement of the century. It's like that copy that I
got. You know what I don't want to go into what account it's for. But it's just like,
well what's this? What is this all about?
And it's like just do it. You know, just do it. Don't pay any attention. Just endorse
it and just lie a lot like we do.
Okay.
If you want to send me all that money, I'll lie through my teeth, man. Yeah. It's one
of those things. It's called teap for tot.
Providence passed nearly 560 WQM. I guess. I don't know. It was pretty comfortable though.
I could actually fall asleep like that, especially with your calls. Although we had one or two
now, I thought that guy was sensational. Neil, you are so important. What the hell
kind of crap was he on? Is he doing the dog food too? I think South Florida must be
on a heavy doggy diet. Something. Jesus God.
All right.
Goodbye, Tom. Come on. You have your pack of bones.
Not so much of the hazy but the sunny that is bad that does. This is time to not still
alive. That's a common surprise. Because you're a great big fatso once you've come
up with a good man. Now you move millions of dollars to the tail of it. Take out your pants.
With two tons of dirt, you're a total of only bus. I don't know my children to see me
but so. And that's for sunny. You're in a suit that you could never turn by a busy pass.
And the Apecino hasn't had a good role since when did it go well.
6,000 dollars. You failed. You should know better not to put an origin in that.
I'm packing a chair again, man. I'd like this. I think this could work for me. I'm not
going to be able to reach the phone thing. I'd like to get some gravity boots and hang
up side down and do the show. That would be bad. From like a sky hook would be good.
Oh, this is so much. I feel like my whole life has just changed.
You leave it to me, man. When the guy, remember the guy to call the other day said,
you're the best one. You got your back up against the wall. Remember that guy last week?
Nope. Some old, some crusty old fart. It would be dead by the end of this week. I'm hoping.
150 votes on the pool. I think we got 1,300 in the bag, baby. And L. Sacco.
I think no mistake about that. Now all we need is a few calls on there.
I wonder how that's going to sound.
We'll be sitting back like this. I got the, you know, the mic. I got the boom hanging out,
hanging on your boom time, do we? 5,670560, pound 560. I've never done this before in my life.
I'm not that it sounds any different, does it? No, not really now. Although I think I sound a little
more dulcet than usual. 5,670560 and pound 560. They've arrived in Singular,
wireless line waiting for this audience to wake up and get a life. What are you trying to tell us?
I have no life. WQAM. Hello.
The pineal. Yes, sir. I've just got a chance to tune in. I love your show.
Yes. I'm sure you probably already talked about it, but did you see Saturday night live?
No. No. With, with taking manning on it.
If I have to hear about Peyton Manning in that bit that they played this morning on a morning show,
I will absolutely, I'll puke up meals that I even forgot I ate.
Sorry. I just tuned in. I didn't get a chance. I guess you've heard of it.
Oh. I've what? I guess you've already heard of it then.
I've heard of what? That's never mind. Love you, man.
Thanks. See ya.
Now, Chris saw it. Was it really that good? Because the thing that they played was enough to put me into a coma.
It wasn't anything wonderful. I mean, Saturday night live hasn't been that great for a while.
For about 25 years. Those couple of spots, those couple of bits that were okay.
Some of them were just kind of whatever.
Like the one that they played this morning.
Yeah.
About Peyton Manning and his acute and the yadda.
I've said he was cute as my buddy Mark did a soccer player for me when I have. He's cute. He's beautiful.
He is lovely. I'm going to find him now that he's in the wheelchair.
I'm going to find wherever he's at.
And then then they'll fear me. Then you'll never hear from me again. That's a promise.
WDQ-YM. Hello.
Hey, y'all. How are you, buddy? Very good.
I called that last week to let you guys know how to block numbers. Did they ever work out for me?
Yeah. I didn't hear. You see, you are so full of aloney, man.
No. They got a kid.
You're the guy that gave Chris a solid advance about calling Bell.
Bell doesn't care what you get with all due respect.
What is it?
Bell, stop. Do you call them?
Sir, let me say it to you again. They couldn't give a wee line.
We've gone through the procedure.
We've been through it. Don't you think that this is our first day on the year?
Click, sir.
Yeah.
Full of crap.
Another expert. No, another self-professed expert.
Oh, he's the insider, man. Everybody's got the inside poopy. We're inside you.
Inside you, Reynas. WDQ-YM. Hello.
Yeah, that's not.
Go out.
They got it.
I'm from the group.
From the evening.
What?
That's good.
Yeah.
They're on purpose.
Oh, he is?
How can you tell? WQ-YM, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Talking about orange people, whatever happened to a sir Harvey Jr.
He vanished, thank God.
And George is, that's why George isn't such a good move.
I think George Adam here. I think George, you would tell George a lot of God.
You know who this sounds like Woody?
Who is? Why are you doing this?
Yeah, I know. Because you're a jackass.
It's jackass Monday, baby.
And that's Woody on there. Try to do a little bit different voice.
But it's just, you know, you can smell it.
Oh, God, that's Woody.
Hey?
Five-six. Why?
You know, that lasted for a couple of minutes.
There are five-six, seven-oh five-sixty.
Pond five-sixty. I don't know why it makes such a big difference,
but it's just much more comfortable doing this.
I probably would have lived through it for 90 if I would have been doing this right from the gift-go.
I could probably sound like a 45-year extension.
That I'd be dangerous.
Man, this is comfortable.
Do you know that I put this chair?
I had to go and buy this chair. I mean, yeah, I did.
And they delivered the chair from like office, deeper, whatever, and I had to put it together.
I mean, not that that's that big of a deal.
As first of the day, that had put the keyboard out there and do all that stuff on the floor.
Remember that a couple weeks ago?
Yeah.
You talk about it. Do it yourself, studio.
WQAM, hello.
I'm going to the up.
Yes, sir.
Down on for your pole.
Yes.
Yeah, crazy queens on the radio.
Yeah.
Five-six-seven-oh five-sixty.
They were rising in singular.
I guess he thought he was pretty tickled. He was tickling it.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Neil, regarding the guy called, regarding the sonking of your Titanic.
You know what? Scoot-goy, save yourself.
WQAM, hello.
Tommy, how's the peeping?
That was good.
That was good.
How's the peeping, Tommy?
How's the peeping?
He's so great, man.
Philip C. Moore, Hoffman Schwartz.
He's really good.
Tell them, Mr. Ripley, it's a good movie.
I highly recommend it.
And even George enjoyed it, even with all the Fagory in there.
Even with?
Not that there was, huh?
Even with?
How could you not love that?
That was mild Fagory.
It was, you know.
No, the one character though, she just bugs the crap on me.
What's her name?
A real mesky that brought it.
What is her name?
Kate Blanchett.
Kate Blanchett.
Oh, I think the guy.
Talk about Wallflower.
I mean, she played the perfect role, you know.
Like, nobody would do her with you're a good.
I mean, just absolutely untouchable, unwantable, and like, oh, so desperate.
Oh, well, Tom or whatever.
Oh, she called him, whatever his name was.
What was his name?
I don't know.
Tom Ripley, what was the other guy's name?
I don't know if you would love to read your...
Dickie.
Dickie, you can't say that.
Dickie, Dickie.
Or I'll say that again.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Boy, the first ring meal.
How about that?
It must be a miracle.
Maybe it's going to be a call, but I doubt it.
What do you got?
Not much.
My friend told me to give you a call, and I didn't know what to say.
What do you mean your friend told you to give me a call?
Is your friend like are you subservient to your friend?
You do whatever he tells you?
Well, it's lunchtime.
We're sitting here, you know.
Doing nothing.
Type a corporate time stealin' weasel.
Oh, don't you dare lie.
That is so bad.
Well, I'm sorry.
I couldn't help it, you know.
Mad dog intensive.
Yeah, well, leave it to him.
That's his material.
Okay, we use our material.
He can use his stuff, you know.
Oh, right.
That's what we use.
That's the good one.
Give your friend a big kiss for us, pal.
I will.
Okay.
And maybe he'll want a little bit more actor.
Okay, we'll see how good you are.
Give a little kiss.
A little pat on a shoulder.
A little squeeze, you know, a little pat on a butt.
Like that.
Like if my buddy Mark would get his ass up here out of that wheelchair.
Seriously, you could have knocked me over with a parakeet feather
when I saw that reply on there.
That was sweet.
That was amazing, you know.
I thought I'm going to hear from him again.
I thought he has any idea who to hell I am.
And that's probably why he does reply.
Even though I've written in a great detail.
I'm an old fag.
I'm on a radio.
I'm the queen of stuff.
You know, and he's like, yeah, I'm sure he must know somebody up there who knows who I am, right?
And he's still right.
And that's why he's a good guy.
Anybody who knows who I am and is still communicating with me.
You got to say something good about them for that.
Wouldn't you agree?
Yes.
Whatever you say.
Anybody will put up with my cramp.
Have an A-G-L-E-L-E-N-E-S-M-E-F-A-N-E-S-M-E-F-A-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E-N-E
A-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R-R
Maybe doubt the clock can fill in for me because Regis Filber's got a clock dumb heart. A bunch of
doctors looking at my chart. They're gonna have to spread my Recage apart. Oh God. Regis Filber's
got a clock dumb heart. Don't worry folks. I'm not gonna weather a way and die like a
Lyrics is got talent. I've got a great reason to live. Shall we rip a promise to give me a
SpongeBob? Oh, just paint. Just kidding. Maybe not. 1231-29-1565-1960-1990QM. So what do you think?
Our good close personal buddy, Chris, I'll fly him up here to Toronto. He can come up here
and he can like hang out and just take care of all my needs. What do you think? Okay.
That'll be good. How does that sound? Especially when you start using them depends. Yeah,
and that could be very soon. Depends on how I'm feeling. Let us say one on a pool. We'll have
about 1300 a day. You'll see. And then Chris will be Chris will be saying, oh yeah, you were right,
nearly right. Is that what you're gonna be saying? I'll show which person. I think you're a
close-in apology for what you said. You're not a team player man. I'm gonna start, huh? Yeah,
he's gonna be blackballed. You better go in there tomorrow. You're gonna get your ass blackballed
from the awards team show. We used to have the first team now. We have to award you. See how they do it.
This business about he said we don't care. We don't we don't care. He said, and then he's telling me
he's shorted his shoulders. Well, that's not the same. He basically said,
he said, and Kenny was like, yeah, we were really careful. Now wait a minute. He was like, we
don't care. Or he said, when you say somebody is like, Kenny said, when you say somebody is like
this, okay, that's punk speak for like, like, like, yeah, you know, you're interpreting.
Kenny is the one that said, we really don't care. Well, if you had a one seven, would you care?
Here's a fact that says, alcohol, neo just out of curiosity when BVDQM preempts you show
from Arlen's exhibition is baseball. And all of your listeners bail out. Does that,
doesn't that not make your ratings look bad? Well, of course it does. Nobody's listed when they
put that crap on. So it's like, what do you, what do you want most? Do you want to get the time off
early, which of course we do, or do you care about the ratings anymore after all these years?
What do we have to prove? Like, I got to prove something. Also wanted to let you know,
I'm radio accident I had on Friday night when accidentally turned into the heat post game show
with Bimbo calls and some other guy. It said sounded worse than a high school radio show. Well,
with all apologies to Piper High. We apologize profusely to our friends at Piper High. That's for them.
Oh no, not not with these Getz Key stories. Kingsland Joja, the executive director of the Honey Creek
Piscobal retreat center in Northeast Camden County. Well, I think it's a good idea. Chris could be here.
He could sit and be here behind me, although I'd be watching pretty close and like rub my shoulders
during the break. So maybe even right right on the show. On the what? Oh, on the show.
Shoulder. You don't think that would be off lifting? Yeah, I think it would.
I think it would be a good rise out of you. He's got some time to kill. He's going off the
Europlated run in the air in the year, whatever. And probably with my money. What's wrong with that?
Anyway, can I get back to this? The executive director of the Honey Creek Episcopal
retreat center Northeast Camden County was arrested by the Georgia Bureau of Restigation
on Wednesday of last week after church officials reported finding photographs of new girls on his
computer. James Cox 70 was arrested on charges of sexual exploitation of children and possession
of child pornography and both ended the Camden County Jail in Georgia. Kingsland, Georgia.
The authorities said Honey Creek staff contacted the GBI on Monday after discovering what
appeared to be new photographs of a young woman on a computer in Cox's office. According to a
news release from the diocese. The diocese suspended Cox from his job in Barton from the Camp
and Conference Center, which is also his residence. According to the website, the Honey Creek
retreat is on 100 wooded acres and wavily the Episcopal diocese is owned and offered the center
since the 50s. It connects an annual summer camp for youngsters and grades, grades 3 through 12.
Gades. Now what is this?
Didn't we already straighten this out and Neil is confusing Morgan Spurlocks movie super sized me
with fast food nation movie series. There's a lot of information there. Oh fast food nation,
sometimes humorously covers the entire agribusiness model and the illegal immigration that fuels it.
hilarious Camel from Camel from Bruce Willis. Sometimes we all eat little shmit. He says,
Ethan Hawke who I love and Chris Christoffers and also at their moments Ethan Hawke's great actor.
Even if he didn't, he doesn't look that good anymore. He always has that schmutzy look, you know.
There's some guys that could really look very good and they've always got to have a little, I don't
know, they don't want to look too good. They don't want to be like pretty boys, you know.
It's all part of the look, you know. Is that it? You got to look like you don't care.
Similar to thank you for smoking in Silver City where Chris Cooper played an adult brain governor
where the powerful family and role-flight campaign manager. All the previously mentioned films are
recommended. I recommend Crash when you confuse it with the Conan Berg Spader, Holly Hunter, from
the same name. Well, what does that mean? A long time ago when we were first here, both of us,
when we were hearing about the movie Crash, there were already a movie I'll call Crash, which was
old one bad except that Deborah Unger gets naked at it. Yeah, it's not the same movie.
Now is that the Overs of the Ungers? The Overs of the Ungers. Remember Gary Unger used to play for
the Fred Redweins? Let's have a little hockey talk. Cancer's going to make those playoffs. No
chance. No chance in their pants. I'll tell you Stevie White's he could play in my team. Hey,
Stevie, something, now Miguel sent me a really ugly picture. He was in several months ago. He said,
there is your boy, Steven White's take a look at him. Anybody can take a bad picture, you know.
I saw him interviewed on that game. I'm a game that they blew and lost in the shootout to
under Jersey, though, that they lost four, three at the Macarena. 1174 votes on the pool. We're
doing fine on there. Fallen is smoking today, man. Are they smoking it or what? And I'm taking this
down. See, I can't do it the whole time because then if I have to reach up and hit the cue,
I can't hit the button. W-Q-A-M, hello. That I can talk to you. W-Q-A-M, hello. Hello,
who is this? Who are you calling? You called me? I think you're pardon? You guys just called me here.
Right. Yeah, we called you there. Right. How long have you been doing all these drugs, man?
Oh, man. Is this a piece of dough? Yeah. W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Gail, how are you, sir? Oh, thanks, sir. I need a body. I listened to you last week. I think
it was Josh. It was still in in first George. Yeah. And you guys were both talking about having
an omelette in the morning. But did you find something greater or something that make omelettes
with it or is easy or what? Well, what does that mean? It's called eggs. Do you ever hear those
things eggs? Yeah, I know. I mean, but if you ever try to put one over, it's always a... I know,
fit it over. I make them in the GT Express Mon. What's that called? GT Express, Google it.
Okay. You pour your batter in there and you put in your sausages and your cheese and whatever
else you like in your omelette, your veggies, whatever you like. And you close the lid and a cook's
in about three or four minutes and you've got a nice omelette, man. Super. Thank you very much.
GT Express, you'll love it. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks. It turned out to be a good
question. And here you thought he was just a fun in me, didn't he? Huh? Yeah, I did. Got a
close up about omelettes in your thought. He's just egging you on, man. Hey, listen, I can come up with
some pretty bad garbage too, man. You think these people are the only ones? I can come up with good
material, but if you want bad, I have an unlimited supply. Make no mistake about it. I got corn and
hasn't even been grown yet. Let me click that thing because it seems to me that every once in a
while it could just be my imagination, my paranoia, 1176. That's not bad. We'll get 13
numbered easy today, easy on a Monday, no less. And like I said, and I haven't I told you?
Oh, look at this. Immaculate. Who's sending all this stuff in? Thank you very much for doing it.
Kill some really good time. Too many were arrested Friday after deputies discovered they were
allegedly running an illegal radio station from their home. Oh, station without a license, kind of like us.
Julian Pierre, 47, Jackson, Delva, 40, Reconnaught, after investigation by the FCC and the
Collier County Sheriff's Orifice, the Haitian radio station was operating at 100.5 FM.
Deputies not only heard the station on the radio, but they used a meter to track down the signal
coming from a house at 403 16th Street, Southeast, in Immaculate. The station was operating without
a license from the FCC. They just got the rail and went up and broke and take a slap and all the
women with painted lips around the pole. I listened to the Neil Rogers one to two hours.
I mean, I listened to the Neil Rogers Aaron balance one to two hours.
Among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary. But before Mary, there was Bob.
And now, Case Mel Records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marley.
Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world,
but might have if someone had ever actually heard it. Peter Paul and Marley.
Paul and Marley.
Peter Paul and Marley. Every song strikes a chord. Every song warms the heart.
And every song contains the words, job and Irish.
Gamsa Chee, Verifritz, Emily's, A'Kosolini.
Gives you smoke as much as you need.
Drifted chat and feed I.R.
Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley.
Before it all goes up and smoke.
101 and 56, you got some good news and bad news. The good news is we got our website back here.
The bad news is that we were down long enough that it cost us a whole bunch of votes.
Oh no.
And now we're not going to make the 1300, but I don't think we could.
Well, it's possible. Don't start caring now.
I didn't care in the first place. I never said I cared.
1193 votes on the pool. We, uh, to get to 13 ever, we need 107 in 59 minutes.
I mean, it's, uh, it's doable.
If the audience really leaned on it, you know, if they really went nuts,
I just don't see that happen today. Not the way this whole thing has been going.
I mean, it could be wrong.
What do you think?
And I heard it cost us 50 votes. Easy. I would think.
We'd be in the ballgame. We'd be in the park.
Right now, I keep in fact, I'm not even sure if it's, uh, I think it is.
See, it's still stuck there. 1193.
Come on, Eric. What's going on there?
I think you're, I've got his finger stuck in the, uh, in the unit there.
What he said was the provider of our provider was having problems.
Yes. And so he, while we were talking, he's going to come back up again,
but he says he can't guarantee. Obviously that is going to stay up.
Well, what guy can guarantee it's going to stay up?
And maybe the provider of the provider of the provider.
Yeah, that might be it.
That might be the problem who swallowed a spider that tickled inside her.
WQA M Hello.
Down at the Nail. How big of a burden?
Can I get on with Nail?
You're on with them right now, sir.
Okay. Hello, Nail. I have the, uh, I have the line down who hit Sonny and who they hit back.
They hit Barzini. Yeah.
Okay. Barzini killed Sonny. Don't you remember? He said the car low.
No, no, who approached you to tell you what Barzini?
It was Barzini. It was Barzini. Yeah.
There's a plane waiting for you. Thank you, Nail.
Right? Okay.
Plane waiting for you.
You're going to take you to Vegas, Carl.
Well, that's your punishment.
You're out of the family business.
Oh, hi, uh, Clemens.
Hi, Carl.
I still can't believe you.
I just, hey, what are you?
What do you want? I cannot believe you.
I need to ask again.
No, look, a brush is slushed with the fish.
I see the state of gold.
And has a voice like that.
Get out of here.
Similar, but not a match in the board goes back.
You've been watching too much of that old TV show.
It's a console that, uh, get me off the hook.
You'll, you'll see.
You'll hear the sound.
Very similar.
I know he had a similar voice, but that is so distinctly Clemens,
uh, Clemens.
You look a brush is slushed with the fish.
Jesus.
I can't believe you.
You have to hear the jowl.
1197 on the pole.
Eris says there's no chance you're going to get to 13.
I'm going to go over his dead fat body.
He said 1198.
They're trickling in.
You will.
We'll see if this audience can do it.
WDQ way and hello.
Hi.
Yes, sir.
Oh, six.
Contraver.
Hardly.
Yeah.
WDQ way and hello.
Thank you for calling the full spectrum lending division of country.
You're welcome.
WDQ way and hello.
Not there.
Q way and hello.
Hey, Neil.
I was at the supermarket the other day.
Guess what they had, uh, fish food light.
Have you heard about that?
No.
Very fat free.
And now I just thought you'd like to know since you're into that.
I am right.
This old diabetic needs to hear a lot more about ice cream.
Let's talk about ice cream.
Let's talk about that cold stone creamery stuff.
Man, I love that.
They smear all that different stuff together.
That would put me in a grave and about, oh, I'd say three, four weeks easy.
Is nobody called cold stone creamery?
So let that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
How are we doing on here?
We at least got over the 1200 hump.
This is this is that was that was inappropriate that that thing happened.
1200 even.
1200 even.
Stephen.
WDQ way and hello.
Team Jones here.
I'll.
WDQ way and hello.
I need team.
Team Jones Q a and yes.
I need.
Yeah.
How are you?
Good.
And.
And nothing WQ way and hello.
At first time.
One.
WQ way and hello.
Got 300 on DVD and it's great.
WQ way and hello.
Or less than perfect.
And finally Q a.m.
Hello.
Hola.
WQ way and hello.
Wonderful program.
You remember how Linda Blair's head turns around when she's fallen back down the stairs backward,
or that I was seeing where she turns her head around in the bed.
That's what I would like to do to him.
I would like to have somebody like put his ass in a vice and take like a gigantic pliers
and just put it around his head and just twisted round and like Perry Como would say round and round
like that, you know.
Just keep twisting that baby round around just like a twist off camp on a bottle, you know.
And just twisted till are you.
That.
Now let me take a look and see if I think that this is doable or not because I'm not going to push
forward if we can do it.
1203.
Well, it's like a little chunk there, you know.
1203.
So that's something I get all proud and excited about.
1204.
See what I mean?
A lot of people probably got discouraged when they went on there before.
Plus we've had two drap outs on the on the streaming.
1205.
At this rate, we'll get to 13.
I don't know how much we're going to have to go over.
Tell the guys who do the mad dog show that we're going to have to run over about 20 minutes
because we got a very important interview.
And because we got to get up to a 13 on revotes.
That guy that called me, he was just great.
He was perfect.
Must be Kenny's boyfriend.
You're not a team player, Neil.
Otherwise, you would have let them go over with that very important interview they had with
that black comedian.
And then right.
Right, that would have been very, very nice.
Two teenage girls face charges after women suffered a stroke listening to their horror movie
style prank phone call police say this is an all good tendency.
I guess it isn't all good.
Two 13-year-old girls were in juvenile court last Tuesday for describing a scene similar
to the horror film series The Saw on Beverly Dixon's cell phone.
I want to play a game.
You need to decide if life is worth living for.
The marks third message said,
According to police report.
Dixon was taking the hospital after listening to the message the following day.
Talk about it a little bit over emotional.
The message said that a friend was trapped inside the house with a key and toxic gas
with fill of home in 10 minutes.
It will kill you in a half a minute so you decide it's your game.
You want to live or die the message threatened.
So frightened by the message Dixon still has trouble sleeping through the night or husband
told WTVF in Nashville.
Police got a subpoena to trace the call but the girls who live in Winchester they were charged
with phone harassment and bond was set at two grand each.
Phone harassment.
How do you like that?
High as a novel one on you.
Phone harassment.
What could that possibly be?
An ad jerk that wasted all of Chris's time last week that pretends
everybody's an insider man.
He works for like a cell phone thing or some crap like that.
Yeah.
I have never heard such swill.
1210.
That was WCAU in Philadelphia.
1210.
Used to be CBS.
For whatever it's worth a minute or so.
It's going to be 1212.
See now they're standing like a little shocks.
Now you get the feeling.
You get a little bit of a feeling.
You know I mean not a big feeling.
Not a monstrous extraordinary feeling.
But just like a little inkling would be an inkling.
Like Jimmy Duranty would say,
ink a dink a do.
I don't think you say dink anymore.
Ink a stink.
Ink a stink a do.
But they're coming and we need 88 votes in 52 minutes.
That is doable.
See in my book in the meal book you've heard of the good book.
1214 see 86 votes 51 minutes.
It's it's a door.
You don't think we'll do it.
I tried that too.
We'll do it.
You'll see.
The of the little faith WCYN.
Hello.
Sounds like you're struggling.
WCYN.
Hello.
Reward qualified.
WQYN.
Yeah.
You spoke.
You were thinking.
WCYN.
WCYN.
WQYN.
Hello.
MAMAMIA.
MAMAMIA.
Not bad.
MAMAMIA.
MAMAMIA.
Yeah, maybe we could reprise.
We preased the whole dialogue from Godfather would be good.
Have the audience, you know, we give them all the scripts.
That's right.
We'll post the scripts somewhere.
I mean, I'm sure it already is.
That would be good.
We could post the script.
Everybody.
They'll take a character.
The entire script from the script,
from the Godfather.
And then everybody could call it a read-align or two or whatever.
And then chop him right off.
And go to the whole room.
You'll be done.
Read-o, I'll do.
I'll be a Michael.
Chris could be Fat Clementsa.
Yeah.
Now that's bad.
Fat Clementsa.
Look, O'Brasie sleeps with the fishes.
I still I just can't get over that.
I'm just amazed.
And don't forget.
Johnny Ponte will never get that over.
I don't care how many day go,
Jenny, walk, grease ball,
Goombas, come out on a woodware.
I'm German Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crout,
Nick Friend.
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you.
You won't know what it is.
The horse, come a lawyer, I have not threatened.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York.
Who the hell are you?
This is the moment you traded the most.
You're on the web without any clothes.
You lived in your shirt to show your chest.
And it did not conferide, and see,
Chris, and they might take you off the shelf.
Some new ones came out,
that are just that thing.
You open your mouth, but it isn't the same.
You say those photos are not me,
now you're on your knees, I run at me.
Baby, please, keep me on the shelf.
Cause you took some new things,
you show me some skin,
we're by many in here without making.
You made a mistake, you can't explain why.
You thought it was a good idea, the time,
you took some new things,
the camera don't hide,
one thing for sure,
you got Mary Shire,
you took some new things.
Oh my God.
You took some new things.
Yeah, I picked this.
What's 16 at 5'60?
WQ, I'm mad dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Then we got the power hour,
handker the mad dog together, 4'5".
Humpersolo 5'7".
After that, you don't want to know about it.
Believe me, trust me, I'm doing your favor.
All right. WQ, I am hello.
They shot Sonny on the causeway.
He's dead.
Very weak, very weak reading, sir.
If you're going to be part of our Godfather ensemble,
man, you have to do a little more emoting than that.
A little bit too dispassionate,
a little bit too stoic for me, you know what I mean?
5'6, 7'05, 60,
pound 5'60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
WQ, I am hello.
Bill.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
WQ, I am hello.
Bill.
Yeah.
Hey, whatever happens to Russell Shemuka,
the moment sports broadcaster for Channel 6,
that jumped off a trampoline and tried to do a basketball
and broke his own high-flock high school in Miami.
Are you doing the same drugs as the other guy?
What are you talking about?
Whatever happens to Russell Shemuka.
Get a get a live pal.
Get a live.
Give it a go on the trampoline.
In fact, if you break your neck, send us a telegram.
WQ, I am hello.
WQ, I am hello.
WQ, I am hello.
Yeah, this is Kim Boatkamp.
Too much personnel.
WQ, I am hello.
Godfather, the movie sucks, Leo.
Please, let's get back to Reverend Zahra.
WQ, I am hello.
El Anil, I am from César Lea.
Mhm.
Neil, El Anil.
I am from César Lea.
It's the other one.
What do you mean it's the other one?
It's the other Reverend Shemuka.
Is his boyfriend?
Or is there two Reverend Jones's?
Wow.
All this time, I thought it was a tataglia.
WQ, I am hello.
No, for sitting.
Don't.
WQ, I am hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
It's the one to two hour for God's sake.
Yeah.
Oh, how many QAM hello?
Hey, Neil, that was quick.
Anyway, I don't know if you ever watched the Sunday morning
news things like with George Steph on top of us.
I have to be a crazy person to watch that,
Garbage.
You can't be absolutely not.
Anyway, you know, I was watching yesterday and they had that guy.
The guy from the last time there, Chuck Hagel.
Yeah.
You know, he was actually saying that Bush could be in teach.
Right.
Yeah.
Because he's a Republican.
So, you know, if the guy runs for president,
I'm an independent.
As long as he's not a right-wing Christian,
you know what?
If he sticks to that, I can see myself voting for him.
Well, guess why?
He's not going to get the nomination.
So I wouldn't ever worry about voting for him.
Anyway, Neil, you're a savage.
Okay, I see.
Come into QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
So come to the car hunt where we bake our rolls for us every day.
And the hamburgers they cut like butter.
I'm going to be there today.
Yellowfin tuna sandwiches.
Char, grilled chicken sandwiches.
Yeah.
Thanks, Kim.
Come into QAM.
Hello.
Al Gore invented the internet and then Bo Green and
then it lost Vegas.
Yeah.
And thank you very much.
Thank you.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Uh, whatever happened at Camberl Marshall,
the blackboard catcher from Channel 10 used to
make a lot of low-load of money,
but still go over.
WQAM.
Hello.
I'm smart.
First of all, Camberl Marshall wasn't on Channel 10.
He was on Channel Something else,
but definitely not Channel 10.
How do you like that, Schmuck?
These cranksman, you are the worst,
the absolute worst.
They love you in Germany, man,
because they love their sausage.
The worst.
1236.
I wish we got them clicking it right now.
We got 1239.
Oh, boy.
Oh, baby.
61 votes in 40 minutes.
That should be a no-drainer, man.
That should be easy.
Piece of cake, as Michael would say.
Isn't that what most diabetics are doing?
Even cake?
Cake.
56670560, POM 560.
Hey, the pain is almost over.
We only got 40 minutes.
I think tomorrow might be,
I don't know, I could do it this last 40 minutes.
Do what?
Oh, say some things that I've been holding back.
Well, don't hold back.
Not having to do with this station or anything like that,
or even with the show so much.
Just having to do with life in general.
I don't know.
What do you think?
Yeah, I think you should all let it all hang out.
WQI, QIAM, hello.
Yeah, who's it?
Who are you calling?
I'm calling a speaker, Neil.
Speaking.
See how easy that was?
I know, I never called the show before,
but he'll want to all in and hang it up.
I'm just kind of curious.
Believe it or not, a little bit I have heard of you.
I like the fact that you're a gambler.
I told him how do you,
you know, where did he look for when you read a racing form?
Get.
Call up Hank, okay.
Talk about the racing form you idiot.
What is it I look for when I read a racing form?
He likes me because I'm a gambler.
Go back to New York.
Daniel's choice.
Three, four, and six.
And the third from...
There's the third race that filled it off your park.
Okay, you degenerate.
If there's one thing I can't say,
it's gambling.
Had a good day with my name.
You're not really a big day,
but good enough.
Good enough to run to hell right out of there.
Think if they can be fitty set,
I'll take a run out before they can get it back.
Yeah, I'm from New York.
I like the fact you're a gambler.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
I just wanted to say your call is
our drummer, Zimbillo Riley.
Yeah, that's same lot.
Yeah, I'd rather...
You regularly do the little Riley, okay, well,
hopefully.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Some words of advice for WQAM.
Yes.
This is the red call.
This is the same guy that called before
about me being a team player.
Yeah, the same guy.
Go ahead.
One of the pages pay off his contract.
Are you the same guy?
One of the pages pay off his contract.
Why can't you answer the question, sir?
Are you, have you got hearing aids or something?
Why can't you answer the question?
Sure it is, but you didn't let me...
Get out of here.
I didn't let you finish because you were a schmuck.
Why not they just let you pay off the contract
and let Kenny and Bodu in a seven hours?
That would be good.
Then we can have one shares for seven hours instead of for three.
And then we can play all those good bits and nobody can understand
and probably just as well.
And give a big kiss to Joel Feinberg,
while you're at it.
Putz, sit just in Ojana Prabhakatura.
Is there any doubt about that?
No.
No.
Because nobody even...
I'm going to say no normal person.
There's really no such thing as normal,
especially on this show.
But no, no, even somewhat rational person.
It's going to call back a second time.
They give me a solid advance that you're still out there.
You're still there suffering the pain.
The pain in Spain, you schmuck.
WDQA and hello.
It's WDQA and hello.
What in the God's name?
Did it one call per death?
WDQA and hello.
You have to do no?
Yes sir.
Hey, something you could have had your phone was a little too late.
Is the F-cat testing that they're giving these kids nowadays
that are setting up the fail?
No, that's boring.
WDQA and hello.
Who were you?
WDQA and hello.
What would dawn Corleone do if that's what you got to ask yourself?
Kill somebody.
Wow.
Yeah.
As you see, the thing that I'm laughing at is the fact that these guys,
they really think they got material.
That's the best part.
Really believe it.
And their heart of hearts is some exact as one said.
That's one of my very least favorite heart of hearts.
Where exactly is that?
I don't know.
Somewhere between your spleen and your liver, I would imagine.
1245 out of the pool.
Now, what do you think?
55 votes in 36 minutes.
It's definitely doable in spite of our,
and we do this with a handicraft.
1246.
We need 54 votes in 36 minutes because we had a 15 or 20 minute
lol there when our website was like, it was ill.
It was dead.
Kind like our sales department did.
Although they're sure pumping a lot of cash through there.
Let me take it that.
They're pumping through the cash cow.
I wonder if my check showed up today or not.
I still don't have any email.
I'm still waiting for a message from Garcia.
I'm still waiting for something very important to say about that, baby.
And find out if they check him.
Because no checking, no uh,
ticking, no uh, no washing, no show.
You think you know, you know,
and T.A.Y.S.U.C.K.S.
Hi, sir.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean, sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well, sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square.
We're not on the street.
In on.
In it.
We've got to put it off the vacuum cleaner, Reamus.
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay, boss.
Yes.
Yes.
But sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I don't want publicly.
I support it that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gavoscow like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
Why don't we need butt munch?
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lilo and Stitch.
$128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Reamus, you've got blue bird crap all over your shoulder.
Playing yourself up or having a safe.
And turn off the module cleaner.
Good God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God.
You're still running James Bob movies.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put steamboat willy on and be done with it?
Please tell me.
Make a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lilo and Stitch.
And now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
I know.
Signs.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign.
Yield sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles.
Cast me.
Please.
I know you can't hear me.
Reamus.
Reamus.
It ain't you, Bob.
I know you can't hear me.
Reamus.
You're still running on the back of Twitter.
You're the most dumb runner that you've ever seen.
You're the only one here.
Reamus, take that blue bird with you.
All right.
I sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
What?
Sir, I'll put him a storm in your job.
But sir, he's not terrible.
I'm sorry.
Baby, I put Reamus in there.
I do like to be president of Disney Remus.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day.
Get out of here, you nutbag.
132.560.7QM.
We were on a way and then all of a sudden this thing keeps
freezing, baby.
It's like the old price is right.
Keeps freezing.
1260.
We need 40 votes in 20 minutes.
Should be doable.
Should be a piece of cake.
1261.
See, there you go.
There's one.
There goes another one.
And that's it.
They're trickling in by the ones.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
W-Q-Y-M.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
It reminds me of that guy Bobby on a Myspace thing.
I told you this two or three times.
It just amazes me.
It's like you were telling me about people that show up at
appearances.
And they tell you, along the guy that calls it makes this sound,
or says the un-wrenchedable word, or all of these things.
And they appear to be normal people.
And then they look like people, they think that they're
extremely, we still have 1261.
By the way, we're not going to make 13.
There was something very strange going on on this website again.
I mean, I can see it.
I can see the poll.
And I'm at 1262.
See, there's another one.
38 votes, 27 minutes.
It's very doable.
But I'm very dubious.
In fact, I'm dubious about the whole world today.
I just got a bug crawled into me.
Oh!
Really?
Where did crawled?
Back home.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Glad you're catching up.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Whatever happened to Anne Asquith, a Cuban newscaster from Channel 2?
Yeah, right.
The one that bounced up and on the trampoline with the Cambril Martian, right?
5670560,
Palm 560.
She eloped with, uh,
He said that the Cassada is what happened.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
The rent stays like before.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Not good.
Not good, man.
Very weak.
Just like the poll thing, 1262.
Let me click it.
Take a look.
1270.
Now there's a nice chunk.
See what I mean?
You ever see a nice chunk?
Yeah.
Just this morning.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Oh, uh.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
You're going to be OK.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
How do you like that?
A lady nod.
W-Q-Y-M.
How about probably somebody handed the phone?
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes.
Neil.
Neil.
We're not used to drive down out in 1995.
And we're from the Susan Gray.
It used to put us in the...
Oh, yeah, great.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Tell me.
Why did this guy manage to have the show?
Because he's great.
That's why.
That's why he's got a show.
Because he's great.
He is the real rock deal.
No punches, poohed.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Just one minute.
You know you're not a liar.
I met Josh Friedman about two weeks ago.
And I think you underestimated his size.
The man is humongous.
Yeah.
Well, just don't inhale, man.
Oh.
Just a thought of it.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Q-Y-M.
Neil, it's a number friend.
Yes, sir.
The Scooter Monari area.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
I met dinner with Chris Bush the other day.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Maybe he can look with Susan Gray would be good.
Q-Y-M.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I heard you talk about Barack Obama sometimes.
And I was wondering, do you really think he could win?
Yes.
Okay.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
W-Q-Y-M.
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
What's the obsession with Hokey?
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Everything.
Okay.
Hey, there's a lot of gate holes out there.
Yeah.
Thank you, Neil.
W-Q-Y-M.
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
He's a big.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello.
Yeah.
Can I talk to Neil?
Speaking.
Oh, okay.
Hey, I wanted to just let you know that your show would be a lot more interesting.
I'm sure we could put Donald Sherrod on.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
How you doing?
Can I even go through that anymore?
It's not even worth wasting the effort.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you're in your screen married or rich girl.
Okay, good.
I'm really, she married Kid Furi.
Kid Furi.
What?
Kid Furi is special today.
Yeah, right.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hey, we got it.
Before.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Neil.
I got a phone to pick, man.
You got a few years left.
You got the same looking guy as you're interested in.
Watch your change of survive.
You get some dark meat, some Pakistani meats, something.
Kid.
W-Q-Y-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I just want to wish you and George a good vacation.
I'm going next week as well.
And, um, as I said, it's one of the way I'll be going.
I'll be going to the Georgia.
I'll be close to Georgia.
And, uh, well, that will be special.
Hell yeah.
And, uh, I'm, uh, and the Czechs are clear, and I'm trying to enjoy life, and in closing,
the fact that it eats the fishes.
Okay, great.
I just had to hear that.
Now, how we do it over here?
All we're going to do it, I think, is that 1265 is what that says, 1285.
Or 1285.
Well, in that case, we got it licked.
I don't think I can say that.
I'm going to say, uh, 1289.
What is the worst threat to our children?
George W. Bush 291, religion 273.
The federal death are, they, uh, they're going to inherit 205.
The crap on TV, 153.
The crap they're parents for them.
One, twelve.
All that's swill, all those lies.
Drugs and booze 98.
The lies their parents have tell them.
How come that's on their twice?
I don't know.
It was, that way before, to just, uh, the ones, is the crap their parents feed them.
And the other lies their parents feed them.
Crap and lies, well, whatever.
Maybe there's a little slop over 85.
Terrorism 33.
I hit this poll, only 28.
2.1 percent.
And premarital sex 11.
0.8 percent premarital sex.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
I'm on, get this.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hey, man, how are you doing?
Listen, you have a good vacation.
You were George.
Yes, George.
Is George going to carry your luggage for you?
Yeah.
Thank you, ma'am.
Okay, you were.
Hello, man.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I'll be on the answer question on your website.
Do you have an archive on there?
Yeah.
Oh, great.
Because I really want to listen.
Because it's, uh, the one that, the two hours, it's really some funny stuff.
Break call.
Hello.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Woo!
What did I tell you, man?
They are a panic.
They are a scream.
I'm going to scream.
You know something, maybe when we come back to last segment, I mean, I, I, I, you should
discourage me from doing it.
Do.
Because I'm going to say things that I'm going to regret.
Or about what?
How about about everything in this in general, about the whole, um, I don't know, most of the
last four or five months?
You know what I mean?
Well, I'm not going to discourage you.
Well, you should.
All right, don't.
Well, no, you should discourage me.
Ah!
1292, on the pull.
We got 1300 in the back.
Stand alone at the cashier.
Hear them lie.
I was in front of you, dear.
If you're young, you lose.
I've got the tamarind blues.
Oh, my heart, today was, hey, let the hell out.
I'm not going to bother my words.
Yeah, no, over here.
25 apples crack.
I got the tamarind blues.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey.
1300, baby, we did it.
Oh!
Oh!
Don't take the tip from me, my friend.
If your life is busy and between the virtual and West Big Man,
you'll get the tamarind blues.
All right, 145 at 560 W.
So don't let me forget tomorrow morning before the show,
when we can fabulate about 820, whenever it had you drag your ass in there.
Right.
Well, I'm going to lay this out for you, and then you can be with the advisor.
I don't want to blurt it out now.
OK.
Well, no, I don't want to do it until I discuss it with you.
OK.
We're right in town.
Well, it's just one of those things.
When you get to a certain, when you get to the crossroads in life,
there are certain things that you examine, and you look at over here,
and you look over there, and yeah, yeah.
Think of it converting to Islam, are you?
No, I'm converting to a...
I'm thinking of maybe finding a life again, will be good.
13 every vote's even on the floor.
Let's share it for this audience that came through for his big time.
Plus these phenomenal calls today, man.
Where else could you find this?
Am I right?
Right.
Don't let me forget tomorrow, now that's some very important day.
I wrote it down.
Oh.
WDQ way in, hello.
Oh, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Couple of things.
First of all, that first team business morning was hilarious.
And second of all, do you keep your voice?
The first team bit?
Well, what do you, what first team did you talk about?
Oh, the one of the GFO and GLD, the second fourth.
OK.
And either of you wants Rome?
Of course.
No, what was that?
I'll get Neil the DVD collection.
Best thing I ever made.
OK, I did.
What did you think of the finale last night?
I cried and cried and cried.
Really?
I thought it was good, but I think that they canceled it.
Yeah, while it was too expensive, what do you want?
I know.
It's hard to see good TV, you know?
If it's good, they're going to end it.
Yeah, just depend on that.
Yeah, sure.
Well, that's it.
Have a nice day.
OK, thanks.
George likes Rome because he has never been there.
I've been there about 50 times, so I don't need to just watch some, you know,
maybe it's a good show.
I don't know, or it wasn't good.
Oh, it's about ancient Rome.
You haven't been to ancient Rome.
Sure I have.
I'm ancient.
Oh, well.
13 or 13, but with six out of the pool.
Don't let me do that tomorrow, by the way.
That'll be a bad.
OK, you know, don't sit down.
Just say, don't do that.
You'll regret it.
You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
Yeah, I've heard it.
Well, it's not a good idea.
Yeah, don't.
Why?
Don't do it.
It is a good idea.
But anyway, Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Well, George become the...
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
We've got six minutes.
Do you think they can do it?
WDQA.M. Hello.
Don't do anything drastic.
WDQA.M. Hello.
Thank you for taking our call.
We're not here.
Yeah, OK, good.
Thank God for that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I mean, I get paid to do this.
That's the amazing part.
A lot of money to do this for four hours.
And some of these people were trying to tell the word...
I have no right.
Which we already know that.
And it's just their entire life.
This is it.
This is the beginning.
This is the end, hopefully.
And everything in between.
This is the summer of their existence.
Wow.
It is amazing.
It's scary.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I wish I could quit you.
WDQA.M. Hello.
Yeah.
That's how I feel.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
1300.
What are you doing?
WDQA.M. Hello.
Bob Green.
WDQA.M. Hello.
Bring back to Dean.
WDQA.M. Hello.
John Sherman.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Maybe that's what happened to him, huh?
He sure got a little something in him lately.
That brought.
I mean, you know the voice.
Yes.
Yes.
You had several encounters.
So the voice mills.
I told you the voice mills there.
Oh my god.
You have to show me a lot more entertaining if you put Don Sherwood on the air.
I think it's a starter.
You want to go inside.
I got it.
And take the bitch with you.
Two wider.
Just take her with you.
WDQA.M. Hello.
WDQA.M. Hello.
Yeah.
When did the comedy team become?
How cool.
WDQA.M. Hello.
Hey, any idea on you?
Okay.
You call us really to thank, man.
You know that?
No, I didn't know that.
I'm glad you're true.
You can't be.
I'm enjoying them.
I'm just.
That was special.
All right.
That was the epitome of what it's all about.
That was exactly what it's all about.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
I'm going to be one of them.
Is Howard Dean officially not running now for the presidency?
That is correct.
Okay, why is that?
Is he just not getting enough funding?
He never was running this time.
He's not a candidate.
He's never a...
He's the chairman of the party.
He's not running.
Well, I hope Barack Obama wins this week.
We can have a big party.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
You talk about needing a little bit of work.
Woo!
That was weak.
Party.
Yeah.
Work on it, pal.
I'm sure he is.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
Got a computer computer of my vibrator.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
I believe that.
I kind of have a real conversation.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
Yeah, I was calling for human resources.
Yeah, you got it.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
We want the lightning round.
We want the lightning round.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
And my dog, Doc Sherman's girlfriend too, that whole.
Four baby.
I'm talking about the dog.
Q-A-M-HELLO.
New to you.
Yes.
Right.
No.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
Hello, Nino.
Yes.
Hi.
I would like to know who did more for the gay community.
So, okay, it's my right.
A Charlie Krub.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
Hey, my N-word, Niel.
Yep.
Any uh, any uh, any stuck tips?
Any what?
Any stuck tips?
Yeah, don't buy him.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
I went to Gilbert, one to two hour walk.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
I see George walking down Wilton, Marble of Art's family.
We are, but.
That's probably when I was having the dinner with Paul Kastrenovitz, a Saga-Raz Tuno, Doc.
You remember that, don't you?
We were having a chat at the Saga-Raz.
That's right.
Nice meeting you.
It's Dave.
You have to get my any tell.
Have fun, six old WQ-A-M-HELLO.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
WDQ-A-M-HELLO.
Well, I'm a town percenter.
Who likes to fool around?
Where pretty girls are?
Well, you know I change them down.
I do some other things.
I'm close to me.
It's just a game.
I have a little focus.
Man, they're giving me a name.
They call me the fondle.
Yeah, the fondle.
I'm healed around, around, around, around, around, around.
And I sister on my left, my secretary on my right.
There's a cute little page there.
I'll be driving home tonight.
And when she asked me, the secret of my success.
I rip open a shirt and try to do it on my desk, because I'm the fondle.
I'll be right here, the fondle.
I'm up around, around, around, around, around, around.
Where I'm known, around, around, around.
I got a wife, but I don't care.
And I'm attacked, come to life, around.
Just hit me two sips, a while, and I'm on my hand.
You're on the well.
Where I'm the top of the senator.
Who likes to write it down?
Gotta see a great heart and place.
Well, my diary won't be found.
And when I give the urge, and if I find a one girl.
I'll hunt right into the sack.
I will give that girl this world, because I'm the fondle.
Yeah, the fondle.
I'm up around, around, around, around, around, around.
Yeah.
Hey, look that out.
Nothing.
Hey.
It's your hand, off me.
Help.
What a pervert.
Cause I'm the fondle world, ill the fondle world.
I go around, around, around, around, around, around.
Bye, bye, bye!
