Good morning, Americans! It's Paul Harvey! Stand by for news! Bill and his wife Buffy were
sitting in church, Bill sleeping Buffy, knitting. The priest asked who created the earth
and man. A Buffy poked Bill with her knitting needle and Bill screamed God! The priest looked
at him and said, that's right. Then he asked who is God, son. Once more, Buffy poked her
husband Bill, with her needle, he screamed Jesus again, the priest said correct. Finally,
the priest asked what did he say to Adam when she didn't want any more children? Well,
Buffy poked her husband Bill again, but this time he screamed, Pope me with that thing
one more time and I'm going to rip it off. The priest said that's right. Paul Harvey!
Good day! Good day? Well, that's cute. Anyway, instead of one at five sixty-w.w.m., do I
sound okay? I sound just fine? Nice? Yeah, you sound okay and I cut out. I don't
ask. I don't answer too many words though. You sound good. You're both so loud. I think
Fixed screwed it up. He was supposed to like cut it back or something and instead you're
both so loud, loud, man. Really loud. Have you got like things cranked up or something?
I don't know how's it sound now. Huh? Hello? Hello?
Oh, this has got to be fun boys and girls four hours of this. At least yesterday we
had a ball game. Yeah, it's just a four hour test. Is that what it is? That's what it is.
Hello, this is a test. And then of course tomorrow we have another ball game, but supposedly
tomorrow morning the local engineer is coming in before the show because they keep insisting
that it's on this end and yet you guys did not tell you that before. You're so loud.
And it's just not. In fact now I'm hearing the echo. Do you hear the echo? Can you hear
it? No, I don't hear it echo. I hear it echo. So everything is all screwed up. It's
technical as after. What do you expect when Fixed is running around there? What do you
expect? I get a screwdriver. Everything is going to get screwed up when Fixed is running
around. Nice hairdo though. Okay, let's get this thing started. Here's a story. See,
I think maybe the solution is although we have four solid hours, I'm just, I don't want
to like talk myself out. Then I might have to call it in sick tomorrow or something like
that. And you don't want to do that right before vacation, do you? Maybe. The only thing
worse than calling in sick before vacation is actually getting sick. I've done that.
That sucks. Man. In fact, I got a friend here who lives in my building, took him to Amsterdam
about, oh, I don't know, four or five years ago for his first European trip. And the
night before he says to me comes up here, he says, I think I'm getting a fever. I'm getting
sick. And sure enough, man, he was just sick. So we get on the plane and he's burning up
man, burning up alive and get to Amsterdam. And he's been like the first two days in bed,
which hills in fever. I was going to say they got the good medicine in Amsterdam. What
have you been there? No, I haven't. What do you know about it? Only kind, only things that
you've heard about the, I know it's the sex and drugs capital of the world, the magic mushrooms
and everybody screwing their brains out and all the chicks in the windows and stuff like
that. Right. That's all true. Okay. And all those live sex shows, stuff like that. It's
all true. But what do you know about it? You've never been there? No, I have that. Well,
it's about time you got off your dead ass and had somebody send you there. I agree.
Have Chris do it. He'll send you right over you and your Russian girlfriend. You'll
have him. In fact, leave the Russian girlfriend at home. I would. He must be talking about
your friend, Chris in Washington. What? You said have Chris. He must be talking about your
Chris in Washington. Oh, yeah. He's, he's going to get the big bucks together for you.
Right. Maybe he can find some sugar daddy somewhere. Well, by the way, he says, Glenn
is coming in tomorrow for you guys. I can't wait. That was the six words I got from him yesterday.
He's, well, by the way, hey, Ricky, how's it going, baby? I got a new pen pal on their
Ricky. He's a good guy. William. He's no, not Ricky Williams. This Ricky is white. He's
half tuition, half Cubans, a matter of fact. And he's a great guy. And he's been, he's been on
at my space thing for a long time. And I don't know. He just never got out of the habit of
confabulating, but all of a sudden, when he realized that I write back and then we,
Bup, Bup, Bup, Bup, Bup, Bup, Bup, you know, don't worry. He's a heterosexual guy. Okay. We're not
going to be doing no hanky spanky. That's the first thing this audience thinks about. Oh,
Neil's trolling on that. Yeah. All right. Troll this. Okay. You idiots. But I just know that. You
just, you can smell it. I was speaking of smell again. A suspended Toronto elementary school principal
has pleaded guilty for throwing feces. And then in parentheses in the Toronto start, they write
excrement on a child. Wow. Dislocation under what the feces of the species are excrement on a child.
You know, I mean, this is a pretty pissed off. They were trying to say, yeah. Maria Pantelone,
49, a lady no less was charged with two counts of assault, one against the child and one against
another child, only a minute or one of the charges yesterday. I couldn't take it anymore. She
testified and described in the provocative circumstances, leading up to the incident last June 30th.
She agreed it was not in any way justified. Pantelone, who is the sister of Toronto Deputy Mayor Joe
Pantelone, wow, was principal of Kielstreet Junior Public School and Matthew Alternative,
which collectively have 500 students and operate over the same building near Kielstreet and
Humberside Avenue. The names of the victims cannot be published, only into a band imposed by
provincial court justice, Howard Borenstein. Oh, by the way, happy pay saw judge. Neither were
students at her school. Since being charged last summer, she's been suspended with pay order to
stay away from anyone on the age of 16 and less under supervision. Both Crown Proud Prosecutor John
Ball and Defenceler Michael Caroline jointly recommended that she receive an absolute discharge,
which will leave her with that equipment record and her interview at Peaceful. I'm not
to have contact with the two children. Caroline submitted some 20 notices and support for
his client including one sign by 19 staff members of the school. You know, this could be an interesting
story if they told you the wise and aware she just said I couldn't take it no more.
So she threw feces on a child where the feces came from. Well, we don't want to get out of that.
Correct. You know, I'm interested to be honest. Well, yeah, I bet you are being the pervert that you are.
There's nothing wrong with being a pervert but nevertheless, we're not going to get into a
whole bunch of excretory activity. Well, just to make this, was it like monkey style like you know?
I don't know. I don't want to know and quit your monkey around. Okay. Are we going to have
a criss come down or steal away your Russian girlfriend and then what even have left?
Then you'll have your other buddy, Crister. That'll be what you'll have to turn to.
No. See, I'm talking to the levels on here. It's like, you know what it's like? It's like the,
you know how all right your stations have like compressors. They have like what the other
we used to call them. It's a level the audio out to keep the level of all consistent and a certain
point. Well, it's like that's all gone now. And everything that's coming from down there is like
all over the place and like criss is real loud and you're like loud and then sometimes not so loud.
It's just it's all screwed up. Although I notice you're not breaking up though at the moment.
Oh, that's good at least. Oh, you just did those. It's like somebody stuck an apple
an apple core right down your throat. Man, that's bad. Here's something else and we're
in all this echo and stuff in here. Now this is not what you usually do here every day. I don't
know what the hell fix it did there, but it don't sound good to me. Sounds really bad. How does it sound
on the air? Anybody? Anybody know? Anybody care? Is anybody care? Is anybody going to put up with
this anymore? I know I sure am. At least a couple more days till vacation time. Then who gives a
crap? Then you just figure it just by us Moses by the time I get back. Something will have to
be changed. You know what I mean? Like underwear. US ready to strike Iran on Good Friday. Oh no.
That's what the Jerusalem Post says. The US will be ready to launch a missile attack on Iran's
nuclear facilities as soon as early this month. Perhaps from 4 a.m. to 4 p.m. on April 6th. That's
this Friday. According to reports on the Russian media on Saturday. According to Russian
intelligence sources, the report said the US is devised to plan to attack several targets in
Iran and assault could be carried out by launching missiles from fighter jets and warships stationed
in the Persian Gulf. The Russian news agency quoted a security official as saying Russian
intelligence has information that the US Armed Forces stationed in the Persian Gulf have
nearly completed preparations for a missile strike against Iranian territory. The Russian
Defense Ministry rejected the claims of an imminent attack as myths. There was no media response
from Washington. You know like hit or myth like that. Myths. The reports come as the Iranian
Chief of Staff Hassan Fairouz Abadi, Somish Mata Head, was quoted on Saturday by Iran's
first news agency, warning leaders of Arab countries that Israel pens to open a suicidal attack
on its neighbors this summer to prevent them from throwing all of US troops from Iraq and area.
I warned the near leaders and Muslim brothers in the neighboring countries of the
Occupy territories that the suicidal attack of the Zionists is threatening them, he be saying.
Not to Jews in the Arabs again. What a novel concept, huh? Right in the middle of pace off
the list. Can't we just all get long? Can't we just sit down and have a little little
manuscript of its wine? Little Mogan David wouldn't be so bad? Little Mogan David?
The country's in danger he said we're levied on in Syria later, Egypt, Jordan, Saudi Arabia.
Well let's start with Saudi Arabia and then move over to Pakistan and blow them right off the
face of the earth. Well how do you like that? Wouldn't it be something to find that? That would
not be good on good Friday and then I see this business about the Pope. Did you see that about
the dead Pope, the fat dead Pope? He cured this nuns Parkinson's disease, the interesting part of it
is he couldn't cure his own. That's always good. Yeah it's always good to take care of other people.
Lower about yourself, take care of somebody else first. Can't cure his own Parkinson's and of
course it was like after he died and all of a sudden she had this miracle and oh she's walking,
she's schlepping, she's this and now he's going to be a saint. It just it just wears me out and
and you want to know why because if you're down then I'll waste like two, three minutes thinking about
it. That's a good piece of good lesson from your old uncle and your locate everybody out there. Do
not think about all these getchies okay because it'll wear you out and you'll ask yourself the
musical question how could anybody be so stupid no matter how much brainwash you no matter how
much inundating and inculcating all the other crap that goes on from the moment of birth
practically. How could anybody be so ignorant as to believe these nonsensical stories and by the way
I just want to mention in passing I sure hope that in my neighborhood in plantation acres nobody's
playing on putting up a bunch of banners that say he is risen no gas. I mean maybe if you're
baking a cake you can put a banner off that says it is risen like Betty Crocker. Nobody wants to
have somebody sticking their religion in your nose in your face. That's that's my message to
anybody including my neighbors okay. We don't give a crap if he's risen if he's fallen if he's
off source we don't really care just stop with a bubble myses. Come in at least a 15th century
would be a good start and then we'll move on from there. Not that I want to tell other people
what to believe or how to behave just you know my suggestion is just cut the crap just like that
school teacher cut the crap or toss it as the case may be. I think our pool today is an improvement
over yesterday let's see I don't want to get into it yet because we have four full hours and I'm
glad that you guys aren't saying much. Well we cut out you know try to keep it simple. No actually
I hate this polls only 6.4% today it's a good pool. Well it's about time and that one yesterday
which I give you the result and I'll read it very very fast in a second it just it we apologize for
and Charlie B you know I know you talk about taking a good thing and then just driving into the ground
this is a guy who in the beginning we're sending us some you know a lot of poll ideas which
were always begging me and George oh we need more poll ideas it's very difficult to come up with
something new and different every day and it is but Charlie B let me say it again nobody cares if
Neil Farts in the elevator will everybody say oh he's not legendary anymore stuff like that it
you just need some help Charlie were you drudge back in back to Kenny and Bob filling it for the
service title Kenny it's Jay Jay on three-time radio 560 QA
a
With the baby talked dude what not ready to Kill me Have had really looked at your vehicle in a
Brandon Wabin utensil what you gonna hire today in a vehicle
You can go home now.
Oh man, come on, dude. We're like in the middle of the show here.
It's 10.30. You've been off the air for half hour.
Maybe they got a special guest on. They'd like to run over a little bit.
How come I sound so damn good, though? Even on my speaker here, see?
If it was the speaker that I wouldn't sound so good.
You're not speaking them all?
No, what do you want me to say?
Nothing, unless you say because every time you speak it, it cuts out like in a monosolotic word.
It's really bad. But even in a single salable word, it's like in the middle of it.
No, not like that.
Anyway, here's the poll for me yesterday. In other words, this shut up.
This is my best suggestion for both of you because it's all screwed up.
Now, is there an engineer running around like pretending they're doing something?
They've just given up.
That's what I figured.
Here's the other thing. You notice I don't even bat an eyelash because that's precisely what I figured there.
Hey, let's take a look at that schedule first of all.
Oh man, we got golf going on.
Woo! Heavy, heavy duty.
Am I supposed to say something about the Geekers when he was last night?
Let me ask you. How much of that game do you think I watched last night?
About two minutes.
No. Keep going down.
About 30 seconds.
How about no minutes? How about no minutes and no seconds?
I watched any games of any kind last night.
I know that probably makes me less manly than I used to be, but I'm trying to think
were there any hockey games of any interest on last night? No.
Leaves played against the flyers, but that should be a walkover.
But again, you know, knowing them.
Anyway, here's the poll. From 118 votes.
See a pretty low total. Wouldn't you say 1218?
Yes.
Although we had the ball game in 1230, so that kind of took away our moe.
But don't, don't, don't, don't.
Mentum. When you vote, I hate this poll. What are you really saying was the poll question.
And again, I apologize from the bottom of my part to everybody concerned to the entire audience.
It was really sucked.
I genuinely disliked that one poll. 623, 51.1%.
It's like, it's like, if you vote yes on a yes or no question, what do you really mean?
Yes.
Hey, Charlie, you need some serious help, baby.
I have no life.
I hate this poll. This particular one that we took yesterday, 296.24.3%.
That could be a record.
How do we call ever having taken a poll where we had 24.3% of the audience saying that they hated that poll?
I don't hate the poll. 166. Well, good for you.
I hate Neil, because he won't put me in his well. 35. Well, too bad.
There's only room for so many in that will.
I just think they negative and hateful. 33.
There's the correct answer. Now, it did move up from 16 and finally doubled a little bit more.
33. It's given at least 500.
I just like being negative and hateful, because I'm in South Florida and I'm pretty p-oed about it.
I hate everybody and everything. 22. Actually, they've been a lot higher too.
I hate Neil's opinions, 10. I hate Neil because I'm a right wing A-hole, 9.
I hate myself for continuing to listen to Neil's 7. I hate myself, 6.
I hate Neil because he rejected me as a my-space friend.
4. I hate the world 4. I hate Neil 4. Well, guess what? The fiddiness mutual.
I hate Neil because I'm religious not too and I hate Neil's success too.
I hate Neil because he hung up on me.
Solomon Te Uno, only one.
What a horrendous, what an abortion.
I'm surprised we weren't picketed by the right to life crowd. That was an abortion.
Okay, let's take a look at today's poll. We're poll intensive now.
By the way, Ricky, get off of that poll. Looks like there's two polls really rock solid in that picture, but nevertheless.
That's good when you get somebody to confabulate with on there.
You know, somebody new and interesting and might have something to say. It's always great.
Sure. But you don't use yours at all. Why is that?
That's not true. I like that one guy that's stalking you. That one guy that wants you badly. That queen.
Well, is he ever emailed you?
I don't know. He's never wrote me like a message or anything.
People I don't know that try to be my friend. I just, you know, deny that.
See, I can't, I'm getting like two out of every 20 words now.
Are you even there now?
Yeah, I'm here. Hello.
You can't hear me? Hello?
Yeah, I hear you now saying hello, but before that you were like, it's just impossible. So shut up.
Okay, here's the pool. And I'm not cutting out at all, right? Everything sounds fine.
Oh, here he sounds legendary.
Oh, I heard that. That came through loud and queer. That was good.
Okay, here's today's pool. How many votes we got? 866. Chris is sitting back fat and sassy.
Well, of course, that could be any day, I guess.
Thinking what we got it made today, 872. We had just had another big chunk come in there.
It's like just like the North Pool.
All like floating off there into the Atlantic.
I wish I had more time to vacation, 161. I wish I had more time to have 626.
How about combining those two and wish I had more time to have sex on vacation?
I wish I had more time to smell the roses, 93.
What does that really mean?
You know, it's like, well, there's another one of those stupid expressions.
Wake up and smell the coffee or smell the roses or smell this.
You know, like that little raspberry.
Relax 83. Exercise 67.
We had more time to enjoy my kid 66 to sleep 63.
I hate this pool only 54. How about we hate him?
Or campaign.
Yeah, we hate him.
I hate this pool 54. 6.1%. Enjoy with my spouse 46 or significant other I'm assuming.
Spend outdoors 32. I wish I'd, oh, I like this one.
In fact, we actually have a drop in on it. We should have more time.
Yeah.
25. To read 22.
No, I don't. I, you know, the last time I read a book is before Lincoln was a baby.
I mean, once upon a time I was reading books.
And in fact, I apologize to Eric because on our website, you know, I have all those recommended books to read and yadda yadda.
And one time I kept up with him because I was really reading those books.
I just, I don't know, just to me, a waste of time.
Is that a terrible thing to say?
No, to me, it's a big waste of time.
What about you, Chris? Are you a reader?
I, you all read every like other month or something like that.
I read magazines, but I won't read a book.
And we're not talking about porno magazines. We're talking about reading a book, you know.
All I guess reading couldn't include that.
So it depends on what you're reading.
22 said it was time to read. Probably porno.
So if the net 10 spent on my space eight,
if I spent any more time on my space, they would, they would take me away.
They put me in a padded cell. Just like they're going to do it to a clock after four hours of this.
Oh, what I'm hearing.
I listen to music six more time to work five.
What?
See, I'm hearing that bad echo now, too.
There's something all bald up and it's definitely not on this end.
See, the fact that that's happening tells me beyond a shadow of a doubt
as if there was any doubt in the first place, which there wasn't in my mind.
But nevertheless, it's always going to be on that end.
There's nothing that changed here. The thing about itself straight down yesterday.
Probably somebody farted in the right in the engineering room,
and it's straightened the deal out.
And it's back to regressing again today.
Well, nothing has changed here.
Except my underwires.
Wish I had more time to work five and watch TV five.
You mean to say that there is, there are as many people at which they have more time to work
as one of watch more TV?
Well, if there was something to watch on TV, maybe it might be worthwhile.
Let me see if we got something really entertaining on here.
Oh, this might be pretty good.
All right.
A Brexkey and the Kennis.
15, 13.
One time, one again on the one this time, what my jab is coming in.
The whole set.
You know, the amazing part about this is I was actually at this game.
Is that incredible to you or what?
The at least in the San Luis Blues.
I was actually there at that game, playoff game.
But never having sure you don't really care to you.
Not really.
Well, but I think it's kind of amazing.
What are the odds of that that they're showing on one of those 85,000 hockey channels here?
I gained it.
I actually attended that.
I was sitting there and at least lost an overtime.
By the way, triple overtime.
I do believe.
Very depressing.
What?
No, why don't you don't care?
You just not.
There are no hockey fans in South Florida because there's no class.
There's no taste.
Your taste is in your Tuchus, baby.
Hey, then, see, even you've got to talk a lot of that because you, I don't really know whether you think it's funny or because you like hearing me say that word.
Tuchus.
Yeah, you know what I'm saying?
What is that?
What is it?
Yeah.
Tuchus spectrum.
I figured I'd just, you know.
Well, what did you laugh about if you don't even know what a Tuchus is for a grand out loud, huh?
Here it is.
It's a piece off.
And this guy we got in here working here doesn't even know what a Tuchus is.
I bet you're almost every guy out there knows from a Tuchus.
Don't you remember that movie?
L.S.B. Tuchus?
No.
883 votes in the polls.
So what do you think today, Chris?
884.
Boy, they're pouring in.
They're pouring in your team.
You want to know why they're pouring in because I am effing legendaries.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
I'm not a Tuchus.
It's wedding men that change.
Very strict.
Talking about men all day.
Now that's gay.
Yeah, that's gay.
Very gay.
Gay.
1032 to 560 WQAM.
So we have 898 in the poll.
I bet we got over 900 if I refreshed it, but it's too much effort.
You know, when you're going on vacation in a couple of days,
I mean, am I going to make the effort to keep refreshing and clicking that baby?
Of course not.
No, 904.
No, no chance.
We got 904.
How do you like that?
904.
Even Chris.
Chris could borrow a couple of calories doing that.
Keep clicking that thing.
Keep reaching over and they're clicking and, you know, extending your mouse.
Maybe you lose a couple of bounces.
Oh, I never did give the schedule.
I saw that golf thing and right away, like caught myself in midstream.
Oh, boy, that's bad.
Mad Dog at Augusta for the Masters.
I know that's one of his very favorites, isn't it?
He's always raven about that.
That's all right.
And we're yeary down there.
Yeah.
He's there with the green jacket and the whole, oh, boy, golf.
And then we got to power our with Mad Dog and Humber, right between 4 and 5.
Hank Solo between 5 and 630.
Marlon's on deck at 630 and I followed by the Marlon's at the Nets.
Marlon's won the Opener 9 2 yesterday.
I saw none of that and I really could cure less.
705 is the actual game time.
But I want you to write this down and listen very carefully.
Well, the Marlon game was because we committed all these different sporting events at the same time.
So we have a simultaneous orange gasm is what we have.
The Panthers at the capitals on AM 1360.
No free game for the hockey game because nobody cares and they can't make the playoffs anyway.
It's a meaningless game.
But aren't they all?
Panthers at the Crapidle 7 o'clock on 1360 on what used to be WKAT.
I don't even know if those are the call letters anymore.
I believe in that.
And then after the game, it's game night with Eddie Kaye after the Marlon game.
Well, after all the games, after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
And then after all the balls have been put away in the game.
But I don't see it.
I believe it is still WKAT.
One, it's still called WKAT.
How do you know that?
Because we've run stuff on them before and it's usually said 1360 WKAT.
Wow, that was where my origins, baby, March 1st 1976,
the soon to be legendary near Roger starts on WKAT Catch the Cat.
That was our advertising store and catch the cat.
That's KAT and on the side of it we have buss of science.
Did they do that anymore?
They put the advertising on the side of the buss of radio station power 96 stuff?
Did they really?
Well no wonder they're in trouble.
But at any rate.
So that's our war being scheduled for the rest of the day.
We got more games than have ever been invented.
Nine, twelve on a pool.
We're going to be approaching 1,000 by the top of the earth.
And I'm pretty pleased about that.
I'll speak of the teacher that threw an experiment with that one kid in Tampa.
Two eighth graders were arrested on charges.
They tried to poison their science teacher by pouring a fabric freshener into
a soda authority.
Say yes today.
Huh?
Jesus.
No, not Jesus.
Well maybe somebody, maybe somebody could have poisoned the wine at the last supper.
That would have been a lot easier than all that crucifying and a blood in the guts and the
smirring and the puking.
Wouldn't it have been better?
That could have just peed in a soda or something like that.
And it's wine and the man of chevets.
I wonder if they would, now that's a good trivia question for it.
Were they drinking man of chevets or mogen David or ripple at the last supper where Jesus was sitting?
Were they having a big satire?
Happy, pays off by the way and don't eat no trace during Passover because believe you
me extra crispy is what you're going to turn into.
You're going to be like a very heavy duty fried piece of bacon.
And I do like crispy brie.
I had some this morning.
Did I have some or did I not?
I mean, you know something, I remember eating my bacon.
Did I make it or not?
I don't know.
You would know that.
I don't think I made it.
Did I?
Oh, you wanted to know why because I had to go down and get the bulk of brine package.
I would the affetics came early.
So that means during this next break I'm going to go make me some nice extra crispy microwave
bacon.
All right.
All right.
Two eighth graders arrested on charges in Tampa.
They tried to poison their science teacher by pouring a fabric fresher into risotto.
The teacher, 51-year-old Jackal and Hutchins was not injured.
Thanks God.
Must be the Lord was looking over her ass.
And said, boy, that's a nice shape.
Yes, I want she's 51, probably not.
She noticed an odd taste when she sipped her Pepsi on Friday.
Like, fat.
She blurted that out fat.
Of course, all the goremen, Tampa, they're looking at her saying, what the hell does that
mean?
Just like Josh with Tuffas, I can't believe that.
That you never heard that word you don't know what that means.
I mean, I speculated it was ass, but actually, hello.
Ask.
I'm putting an ass to question.
Ask and I'll give you an answer.
I think I'm going to be there.
I'm going to put it on the planet.
You're going to be there.
It's now.
You're doing a bit of a promise to why.
A girl I'm going to wear.
That's a twenty pounds.
She's got a person who I love.
Now, I'm too impressed by the way he said that.
I love that.
You can tell that's not some gore trying to pretend to be Jewish.
You know, when a guy says, Tuffas, and it gets the real...
There are only three languages that I know of that have got real gutter wool like that.
One is Dutch, one is German, and the other is Yiddish.
Other students told deputies the boy and the girl, both fifteen, hung around the teacher
so don't talk about putting the...
Fabriz, fabric freshener and her soda card, he said, oh Fabriz!
Mmm!
Delish.
The students were charged with poisoning her first degree of felony card, and said the teens were
taking the juvenile detection...
The detection center, it says here.
I'm sure they mean detention, but the associated press, of course, under a lot of duress.
The juvenile detection center, it says here.
Oh, can we do a test and see if we can detect it as being a juvenile?
It's being a juvenile.
It was part of the world.
The status was not a me as well.
Boy, they wouldn't know what they're doing.
They're being detected.
Detented and detected.
919 on the pool.
Boy, this is...
This is moving along nicely, you know what?
Too bad I can't hear you guys like normal.
Of course you're not saying anything, which is good.
920.
I wish I had more time to vacation, 187.
Have sex, 132.
Smell the roses, 97.
Relax, 90.
Yeah.
Ah, just breathe in some of that stale air, man.
Relax with my kids, 74.
Exercise 69.
Jews don't exercise.
Believe you me.
Trust me.
At least this one doesn't.
See, that's bad for my diabetes.
I should go out for a nice brisk walk right now, you know what?
Walk around a block 20 or 30 times, about a mile.
There you go.
I'll see you.
Wish I had more time to sleep 65.
I hate this pool.
A very nice 57 only 6.1%.
What a nice comeback after yesterday's disaster, Charlie.
And this is also a Charlie B. pool, by the way.
Charlie B. the pool man.
Although it looks to me like Ricky is the pool man.
He's got a picture on his website where he's like...
Well, he's like plastered off his ass and he's like sliding on a pole or something like that.
Enjoy with my spouse 48.
Spend out Doris 33.
Read 27.
See as soon as we said read, that we don't like to read, all of a sudden when goosing up.
Party 26.
Surf the net 10.
Hmm.
Spend on my space 8.
I wish I had more time to work 6.
That's...
Oh yeah.
God if there were just 40, 50 hours in the day every day I'd come back into a couple more shows.
I wish I had more time to work 6.
Real clowns.
Listen to music 6 and watch TV only 5 because most of what's on TV is real.
Swill.
I junior honey.
Oh hey there, Gilly.
What a new, most naughty.
I'm sticking them in my new time machine.
But I had to bring them back to the QA and studios to do it.
To wait a minute, time travels really possible.
It is when you run out of story lines.
Oh.
Here goes nothing.
Oh.
Hey.
Hey, listen to this.
Play that thing.
Who?
Who the hell are you?
I'm a little bit young.
Yeah.
You're jerked?
No, you're a jober.
I'm taking off at us.
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is my job.
Say something stupid.
Oh.
This here is a...
I'm going to be able to do it for the 5.
If a 6.
V to A M is bought, whole radio is here.
Great.
Great.
A cycle.
Number 9 this week on a Tiger Radio's over dollar survey.
It's only a mild 75 WQAM degrees in the magic city.
Ladies.
But.
Jefferson's greatest.
I know I can't rely.
You know what?
This guy I have a...
I don't know either.
I got no idea what I'm doing here.
That's for sure.
Now get your next record in two.
What this one here?
I hate this song.
They cut off.
Well, ain't last.
Yeah.
Break your legs in one.
Okay.
Okay, we got Holland from the floor doing.
Fongos through that.
Hot.
What this one?
Open that pot.
The pants for this.
Yeah, this is my way.
What do you know what he said?
We are about 400 and 50, 60, 60, 100.
Tiger, what is this?
That's Terry and Taco.
Huh.
Okay, I'll do my best.
Don't let you Q and one nonstop music.
It's.
Now see here.
Why doesn't no drink.
There ain't no ramp.
I tell the other half.
Cool.
Now that's your last.
Hey, I'll grab that.
I know.
Out of the past.
I'm still a boy.
Get out of here.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Woo.
Then 47, 13 before 11 o'clock.
You know, I did make bacon earlier around 80 o'clock and I enjoyed it so much.
Maybe that's what some liberally suggested to me out there makes a mole.
So mole.
D'D'D'D'D'D'D'D'D'OI.
That is really good.
Can I make it?
Meat in my highways as well.
Don't think about highways.
They have very good bacon, but it's not real crisp.
Have you ever noticed that?
See I have a big fan of, like, in the middle you know, I like it real crisp.
And the bacon too.
You should be in front and talk with your mouth full of bacon.
It's bad.
Especially on piezo, that piezover.
Oh my god, it's pace over baby. It's an other one these stupid ass holidays. Oh you can't say that. That's an insult good. I'm glad you take it that way.
Don't take it person unless you want to. Then it's good stuff.
948 votes in a pool. And we have six people who say they wish they had more time to work.
What do you think we do with somebody like that? That's really an enjoyable job.
They have a way. Injoyable job. All like you for example you wish you had more time to work.
Huh? Huh? Man this is the best bacon I've ever made I think.
It's the same stuff. You eat that bacon we can't get here right?
Schneider is microwaveable bacon. You can't get it there because it's Canadian.
Got my Schneider's weanies in the refrigerator. Try and think if I ever knew anybody named Schneider.
Oh yeah, I'm Marty Schneider. He committed suicide. I went to high school with him. Tough brain he was. He was something.
You know you can understand what somebody ugly commits suicide. You know what I mean?
I can't really understand why anybody commits suicide but I'm just saying since there are people who do it right.
You try to understand why people do certain things all of these things. You can understand somebody we looked at a hundred back in Notre Dame if he would have committed suicide instead of having sex with a stiff.
I mean you could have understood that. 950 votes man. I'm impressed. 950 WBBF in Rochester the home of the busy bees. What a memory.
But if somebody really good looking commits suicide you say Marty why did you go and do that? He was a nice kid and he tried first and he did not succeed and then some years later I found out.
In fact I just got another death notice from I bet you probably remember because you might have been working on a show.
Josh when my friend from offstate from Canada they were that I went to high school with brought his girlfriend. Yeah.
And we went to took him to Ruth Chris. Yeah. A couple of years ago. A couple of summers ago. Well anyway he's like my high school correspondent. My high school correspondent because David Benson and I we went we went to the same class. Good guy.
And a couple days ago I get an email from him and it's about another kid that we went to school with who just died. Every time every time I get an email from David it's always about oh well this one died and that one.
And it's not only morbid from the standpoint of it's sad that they died and you knew them even though maybe you've been out of touch with him for like 40 almost 50 years.
50 a freaking years do you realize how old I am? God am I old now how does he keep track of stuff like that. Dave yeah. Oh he's probably you know with the alumni every high school has got an alumni group you know he probably gets the information.
In fact yeah he always sends me the clipping he sends me the link to the clipping of whatever so and so just died and whatever. You're pressing.
Because they're all within a year or two you know depending if they were in the same class or not they're like all my age. And I'm thinking oh boy it's sure going around you know that whole.
I'm dying over here that thing you know now you did say when you met up with your a couple of your high school friend you looked a lot better than most of them yes.
A lot not that I look so not that I ever looked all that good but I'm just talking about in terms of the aging process.
I'm health wise you mean because because Dave had sent me well I don't know before they came up here for that dinner.
He had emailed me a picture of one of those reunion deals oh I'm so glad I never went to those things. Oh what did you do now? What am I asking you guys you're too young.
But can you imagine going to a class reunion say like 30 years from now. I'm actually not that far away from a reunion but I wouldn't go anywhere.
Really? Yeah you're like 23. I mean I'm almost leaving or not I'm not I'm you know yeah I graduated in an 01 so 10 years isn't that far away.
So what's the big deal with that? Well that's usually when they do the first reunion. I mean I'm not going to go like I graduated from I was just there one year.
Still young and hung and still live and all that stuff. I can't even begin to imagine going back now because like I just I just blurted that out 1960s a year I graduated high school that's 47 years ago.
Oh that that's not acceptable okay. I'm just sitting here right now I'm almost done with this bacon by the way it's damn good.
Mmm real crispy but that that's just unacceptable. For example I've been a Toronto Maple Leaf fan since 1958. I remember I used to say oh I've been a leaf fan for 25 years and you know stuff like that.
Now 1958 is like almost 50 years ago next year will be 50 years if I make it of being a leaf fan and since the 60s all that suffering you know that goes along with it is if you care as if you have any idea any concept or what that really means.
No. The opportunity to watch the Leafs as they prepare for tonight's game. You'll also hear from the head. I can't wait for that. I can't wait to see them loose to the flyers that would be really bad that would be embarrassing.
But it is that that's the way life is now keep all my young correspondents I have on their mind space that's the message I keep giving to them is enjoy life while you're young and alive baby because man before you know you'll wake up one day and oh Jesus God I'm old.
I'm telling him and the same to you guys it'll happen one day. One day you'll wake up and you're looking to mirror and you say Jesus God what the hell happened to me that get hit by the ugly stick course.
I haven't seen that for 60 years. Since I was old enough to look in the mirror the first time I thought to myself there's a God and I look like this but that's the way it goes.
Oh here's another thing from Omaha states I don't want your meat okay I'm not interested go away I hate when that happens.
Anybody out there that ever bought anything online from Omaha states let me tell you I'm not not in their product because you know if the meat is like fresh within last 20 years it might be okay and they brought
out where's the very good not like Germany though. My problem with them is they're they're too small. They're filets man.
Those things are like four ounces. Size your thumb. Yeah. Too small.
Way too small. You pick it on me again. But once once you start doing business with them and they are all over you like stink on joy.
I mean they never stops the emails the call phone calls the stuff in the snail mail it just they just will drive you insane.
Won't you please buy some meat please no I don't want your damn meat I do like a brat we're still but I'm just just see this is what happens it's reverse psychology.
Is if you bug people too much they just get so turned off even if you got the best product in the universe they're not going to buy it anymore.
If you can say I'm just fed up quick bothering me Omaha states oh it's big of products and yesterday told the story about my bank.
And the fact that they bounced that check even though I had well more than enough hundreds of dollars more than enough to cover it but because I made an ATM and they call it a B M automatic banking machine.
I got your machine over here you schmuck. So I did go there immediately after the show yesterday at 12 30 and outcome outcome is
prancing to a service me this young screaming queen I mean this guy he was he was at least three feet off the ground floated out can I help you sir.
And so I gave my banking card I told him what had happened and he puts it in the machine and he gives me the look.
But you know the policy is it's five business day five business day a whole lot of cash deposits in the A B M.
I thought to myself I'm going to do a B M right on your shoes now you idiot you screamer you're fair.
But I you know there's no point arguing.
What would be the point.
I mean I let him know that I was pretty piot about it and then we're discussing grotesque and unacceptable but other than that what am I going to do make a big scene.
Can I scream in that for the screamer with a screamer and that's another thing I think he came out of there he could see that I had that surly look on the face.
So he came flying out of there knowing that I wouldn't want to put up a his craft for too long you know not that I've anything against screamers I just don't you know I don't want to be around him too much.
Kind of makes me feel bad 900 and what do we got boy and it's not even it's just coming up on 11 9 56.
I'm thinking 1300 today.
Yeah it's a big day big day for the poll.
That's a good poll.
We only got how many people hated only and even 6% we can drive that number under 6 today and after yesterday's debacle for poor Charlie B.
No Roger.
This is a brain.
Any questions?
Whoa whoa whoa whoa great room here.
Next lot we like it.
Love it this is a party.
Hey what's up I'm Claude hydrate powerful sleep medication also used for post-sturgical relief they've heard me.
I'm sure we bumped into each other to be a hospital I'm methadone.
What you know what methadone you might be right but I heard great things about you.
Hi I'm Baikiden.
Nice to meet you.
Hey good to meet you bro I'm Oxy Godden.
Did I see you in court you love bloodstream?
Oh yeah that was a jam.
Good times.
Hi hey I'm Paxel.
Is my friend Zola up in Zanax's value over there playing golden tea?
I'm a bacterial infection brought about by needle injections in the buttocks region.
Wow very exotic.
Chloro hydrate like you.
Oh that's riddle and he's wildly crazy.
Birth control what are you doing here?
Yeah right I know weird story I'm supposed to be over Paris Hilton's but and Nicole she confuses me for a breathmen and here I am.
There you go here we be.
It's 1102 at 560 WDQM.
No ball game today at least not during the daytime when people are awake.
Tonight though we got the Marlin game and then on 1360 we got the Panthers and the Crapidols maybe at a very meaningless game.
Quick place to shovel it down there then into the dive and on 1360.
Catch the cat.
To tune in there you might catch something I guarantee you that.
Okay we got 969 votes on the pool.
This half hour we're going to go over 1000 and boy Chris is dancing around a control room about that he's so excited.
Yep.
Couldn't hurt.
Get up off your fat ass and move around a little bit couldn't hurt believe me I know from fat.
I don't want to tell you what I weighed on the scale and this morning even dear get on there although I've probably lost an ounce.
Yesterday it not good.
Yeah you're doing worse.
I was on the verge of greatness there remember when I was like one eating last time I was in here you're like oh I'm doing great.
I was doing great I was on the verge of you were going to get to 170 the last time.
On the verge of the 170s baby and you're not cutting out now for a second or two wouldn't this be something that this got straight now to get by osmosis because I know it's on this end not.
But anyway I want 187 whoo whoo not good.
Although tomorrow is wood buying Wednesday see that's that's the one good thing about wood buying.
You can lose like crazy not just wait but of course money.
Why can't you just don't eat when you're out there?
No I do not.
But the only problem with that is that I'm like the old days see in the beginning when I started going there the first though you know until I got smart the first two years.
Now the first year and a half I would say I would be you know you're stubborn it's like you're fighting a machine you know.
And you figure if you just keep plunging long enough it's going to go into that pace cycle and it's going to start paying out you know 2000 3000 you're going to get all your money back.
And of course that's not the case.
No those things are programs so that when they go cold they could be cold for like a week.
Which doesn't mean that you know they might not spit out a little bit somewhere along the line but generally speaking you keep playing it you're going to lose your ass.
And so there were times I think my record was 16 hours one day.
16 hours of touching my guts out tapping and tapping and tapping and puking and croaking and choking and drinking all that damn caffeinated diet soda that they keep giving away.
Man that was bad that was bad for me and now I just don't do that you know.
Now I can take it or I can leave it but anyway tomorrow is wood buying Wednesday and of course it's an early wood buying Wednesday because tomorrow 1230 we have another Marlem game.
Oh the audience is saying oh not again.
Holy moly legendary. See one thing about me even though the Marlins won two world series you've got to admit they're not legendary.
The Yankees are legendary sports franchise well the Celtics are legendary sports franchise.
The who would be in football the packers were legendary football the patriots of recent years are legendary.
Even though you won't like that too bad.
Who's the hockey is at the red wings are they the legendary team?
No I would say probably the Montreal Canadians and the Toronto Maple Leafs are the legendary hockey teams not the red wings.
Wait a minute you just said that the Maple Leafs have been turd since like the 60s since 67 that's right but they're legendary.
Watch one.
They have a long and storied horse in the Dolphin McMahon I mean 72.
Yeah they're not a hair dolphins my ass that's a legendary franchise.
I said well if you're going to go buy that crap I mean since the six super balls the Leafs are one like I don't know 15 Stanley captures some crap like that.
I don't know once upon a time in America in Canada.
Don't start with a hockey talk okay that's your good sabotage you want to pay roll across the street now.
Did Stu got to put you up to this or what?
How's parents doing by the way luckily I don't see him or he's not here this week.
This week yeah he's on vacation thanks.
He's on vacation or what?
Now you just cut out and you never came back.
Well that was a that was a he's on vacation and I never heard that.
See yesterday would be like maybe a part of a word that would cut out and would just be annoying like once in a while today it's like.
Shungs of words are cutting out and in fact there are times like you're in a commercial breaks when I wonder are we even going to come back at all or is it my just losing the line.
It's got to be in the line.
I mean I'm the engineer but how many how many times would you say over the five years plus that I've been doing shows up here it's about a little over five years.
How many times would you say that I've solved technical issues myself.
About third man.
Can you agree with that?
Yes.
Many times because if you've been doing this long enough you can just hear it you know what it is.
And they're giving me and fixing this morning is giving me a thing about all of this.
There's a gating in the speaker it's gating and grading and yeah oh brother.
And then so what I did is I took my headphones and I had her on the floor which I never use I hate headphones.
Give me a headache and I plugged them in and I turned the speaker down so I wouldn't be hearing them through the speaker.
And it was the same it was still cutting out.
The gating in the speaker what what fix it knows about engineering you could stick in the symbol and have room for the Chinese army's ass is left over in there.
That's what he knows about engineering.
Your genius fix it.
Fix this.
973 votes on the pool bar we're going to make a thousand by the bottom of the hour I would think it's going to be pretty hairy.
Let me refresh that baby again.
Nine let's see.
Now why does it do that by the way why why does it that if you hit if you hit the mouse.
And all of a sudden all the numbers on their turn blue you know what I mean what what is it do that.
What do you mean all the numbers turn blue.
Yeah if you hit it's like yeah because you would be it's akin to like selecting it is if you're going to copy paste that's all it is.
Well how will that crap 977 votes on the pool like I said by the bottom of the hour I'm confidence is very high.
That will have and I'm sure many of our listeners are too confidence is very high will reach a thousand by the bottom of the hour.
Is there any significance to that absolutely not but it's something and having lived all those years in South Florida I can tell you right now.
Anything that's a little bit of excitement man it's it's welcome like oh please please a little something something you know believe me you do believe me don't you.
What were you worried about you got your Russian girlfriend you got the other this active life you got all these jobs going on there in the building.
Yes that is the general manager is a big fan of yours takes you out to lunch well what what kind of a guy how many other people
Chris did Joe Bell ever take you to lunch nobody does know my name well first of all I do want to state that the reason Joe Bell took me out to lunch was because I was supposed to meet with him for about two weeks and every time I show up.
I told him for about two weeks to cut out right there when you were saying you did what with him for about two I was supposed to meet with him about two weeks and every time I showed up he had somebody in his office or he wasn't there he was busy wanted to reach schedule.
So then he came to me said hey you know I'm a big liar now I'll take you out to know that I meant to I've been meaning to be with me with you.
It wasn't like he goes hey what are you doing you want to go out to lunch you know it wasn't like a.
You mean he didn't say come on paly let's go to lunch paly and pack you on the back and give you a little you know goose or something like that right when he didn't have someone else drive a lunch.
I'm sure that well you guys are pretty tight like I said okay let's take a look at this pool today I'm more I'm trying to make up for yesterday when I didn't want to read the result because I was too embarrassed and rightfully so I wish I had more time to blank.
980 vote easy a thousand by the bottom they are I mean easy we'll slide right into that vacation 179 yeah that you know I only get seven weeks a year that's pretty weak when you say oh yeah then of course that summer schedule which by the way I'm so glad that you brought that up Josh today is what April third that's right right.
Well let's see my summer schedule I believe starts around the 15th of June I have a week vacation and when I come back I do only Tuesday and Thursday until the week after Labor Day so that's coming up soon now yeah it's pretty nice I would say it's coming up mighty mighty soon going out to Vegas in July in when July in July oh boy it's going to be 115 degrees in the shade that's okay no I like it.
I like that dry he when it's 115 in Vegas it only feels like about 113 exactly they always say that well it doesn't we don't have the humidity so it's 115 and only feels like 110 and they even shut down the swimming pools because if you were the hop in there you'd you'd be like that bacon I had before you'd be fried you'd fry immediately they shut down the swimming pools in some cases when the water gets too hot come on.
Have you ever tried swimming in a pool with waters 115 degrees well the water wouldn't be 115 how do you know if you have like two weeks in a row and it's 115 and 117 degrees in the shade and then intense you know the highest sun that they have out there man oh brother just beating bleeding down on you oh my god you can feel the gigantic tumors just forming on your cheeks.
Anyway can I get back to the pool please so that's good you're going to do Vegas in July now that you got making all this money now you're going to play a little slot action or not.
No none. No I have my little slot experience when I went to Tahoe I'm done.
There'll be no 16 hour runs for me. Oh no play something more sociable you know like crafts I'll play blackjack that's that's and I'll go to the biggest conference.
I'm not going to take any calls although you never know if we ever got any see you see how I've got them trained now.
Yeah phone doesn't even blink here's line one though by the way listen to the song.
That's amazing that's it that line one never worked the whole time I was on the show two years it didn't work two freaking years that probably more than two years if that's the case.
Never worked because they were because they just don't care enough to send their very best and because I screamed and I hovered and I bitched and I belly because I'm freaking legendary and a real pain in the ass all of a sudden.
Of course I came in there one day and he waved his magic one line one more snow now that you're not taking any calls because Joyce is a bitch nine ninety two I bet you will be come back from the break will have a thousand and then crystal start like eating heavy duty.
One thousand boys by the way I mentioned only in person.
I'm
getting closer and closer to twelve thirty and it was like counting down although this has got a long way to go I don't want to play the whole.
Oh what well I'm trying to I'm trying to search okay that that was skipping get out of you crazy like maybe it is on your side.
Yeah some I am I got some on your here you go. Oh I'm too far too far. Back it up back that baby up here we go.
I'm watching the clock getting nervous.
So how did it work out worked off on was it perfect was it as tight as a snare drum. Sure.
Well I'm this is important stuff man to know radio broadcast this is what we live in die for is to the production man the production
value to make it sound like hey listen to this like these are really broadcast the rich people you know radio is.
As opposed to what we really are in Q.A.M. you know Jewish yeah Jewish not really wish a thousand and five votes on our very important poll speaking of Jewish.
You see the story about Larry sideline the judge there's no sick as here my friend there's no sick as here.
That was you know in that got a admit that in the middle of all that and Nicole crap.
Oh boy at least he was a little humorous you know I mean embarrassing but humorous he was.
Let me say it again embarrassing but humorous you don't think so yeah okay I just I thought it was sad that they're watching him try to put everything on him.
Put the camera's basically on him. Let me say it again embarrassing but like that anyway here's the article in the here by Nikki Waller it says America are you ready for judge Larry here is judge Larry.
Broward judge Larry sideline who's the former Bronx cab driver who's folks the courtroom pattern and tearful ruling inflamed the made for TV court fight over and in a close
middle of the courtroom body maybe exploring a deal for a TV show for zone what a surprise not what a shock.
Industry sources told them I may hear old that sideline 56 met yesterday with TV executives of 20th television a division of Fox television stations group in LA Fox.
Rupert Murdoch rules the world.
Fox yeah well I got something to say to you too begins with an F.
20th television produces several court shows including divorce court Christine is court and judge Alex which stars former day judge Alex for rare I never heard of him and I never seen that show did you judge Alex now.
Abel English I.E. I don't think so.
sideline both in rage and in a memory viewers are in the sea got Chris all bad out of shape I mean his performance was deplorable at best but it was funny at times.
Now when he broke down and started crying at that point I was just a little well he wanted his own nose.
I guess he am my friend.
sideline both in rage and in a memory viewers during the 6th day probate battle over who had the right to decide where to bury Smith who died suddenly February the 8th while staying at the seminal hard rock hotel in Casino where they're likely to say I'm dying on the air.
I don't know if you can't figure out that bingo crap I just you know I had more people try to explain to me how that works including you and I still don't get it and you know what I would never go there.
If you gave me a thousand bucks to gamble I wouldn't go there and play that whatever that is baby I don't want to play bingo before I find out if my slot pull is that on every single pull you have to do that.
No it's basically on there and you can play it or you can just totally ignore it.
What does that mean?
It's how they get around the laws governing the machines or whatever.
It's like a little like 3 inch screen that has bingo rolling around and you can play I don't even know how to play it or you can just leave it there.
I see and it's nothing is fine ruling if you had any idea how bad you're cutting out now but you know what I'm used to it not in fact if it was like this forever the next year in three quarters it wouldn't bother me I'm used to it.
And it's nothing is final ruling silent wept and wrapped the bench with a pencil as he read a loud in order he read it out loud.
So I'm so excited that I actually found that thing I don't know what the hell it's under I think it's under how loud here's Bill drag tech how loud.
Oh those are the days the whammy days man you talk about garbage anyway he wrapped the bench with the pencils he read a loud in order giving custiasmus fun to infant daughters quarter pointed guardian Richard Milstein anybody want to hear any more about any of the code.
God forbid no way Jose thank you know El Paso 1010 on the pool.
So the thing worked yesterday let's do it again at 12 30 pretend that there's a ballgame it's only an hour and seven minutes away.
Okay.
It'd be good practice for tomorrow.
Yep.
Tomorrow we have another and then oh my god we got a double headed tomorrow you wear that I'm sorry we have a double headed not only if we got the Marlins in the Nats but then we got the Humpers sandwiched in between.
Can you believe he doesn't keep any food now so how can you meet all your meals out and not weigh like 600 pounds.
I guess he's the walking answer to the question UM baseball at FIU at seven o'clock tomorrow so we got the Marlins at the Nats at 105 tomorrow and then seven o'clock we got UMFIU now now we're really talking baby so I'm a heavy heavy do these stuff.
How many people do you think will be listening to the hurricane baseball game like on a weeknight.
That's what I would say.
I used to do those UM games for like six seasons you know five on a radio one on TV but we did mostly weekend games.
Hello.
Oh boy.
I think we got another cut out.
Oh go test this good.
Now you're gone.
Oh you're back.
Oh you disappeared.
I disappeared because I couldn't hear you either.
See the line keeps dropping out.
I keep telling these people it's the line.
It's not a speaker that's like gated or geog.
A bad gated or ill gated or gay or it's not a gay speaker.
It's the line keeps dropping out and it's not on its end.
It's in the line.
If I was them I'd be on the phone right now screaming and yelling with bell and whoever the hell I was got their finger in that thing you know.
Who can figure out which phone company is that their finger deep inside your rectum at the moment.
That's what they need to be working on.
It's the bug in my poor engineer friend here in Toronto.
Why do they leave him alone already?
I think it's a racial thing.
Leave him alone.
It's not it's something he's going to fix here.
Okay it's in the line.
Because I dropped out you couldn't hear me.
How long was I off by the way?
Ten seconds.
Ten seconds and let me just ask you one question.
Okay I want to listen to this very carefully and listen to this.
You call this big market radio?
No.
I don't even call it small market radio.
When I worked at WSTR in Sturgis, Michigan, 41 years ago in 1966 we never had technical difficulties like these.
Never.
Can you believe me?
Yeah I'll believe you.
When I worked at WALM in 1963 in Albee in Michigan we never had technical problems like these.
That's when we used to have the big glowing tubes in the transmitter.
Those big glowing final tubes, those big huge things used to weigh about 80 pounds of piece.
When we burned out a cost like about 2 grand to replace it.
That was also back in the day when we had in the TV set.
You had to keep calling TV repairman to replace a bad.
You were going out.
Now of course we got no more tubes.
It's in the phone line.
Would you agree with me on that?
Yes.
See we just voted Chris. What are you saying?
I agree.
I said it up to me.
We voted unanimous.
That's what I thought it was yesterday because that's what it sounded like to me when it's doing that.
It's in the phone line.
And then of course when it got all I earned out by itself that was a byproduct of whatever is happening with that damn phone line.
You engineering losers, you idiots.
You a scheduling mixup, Joe Amin-John, who had never met before.
Thumb themselves in the same sleeping carriage of a train.
It's late.
The train is full and everyone else is already a slumber.
After the initial embarrassment they both managed to get to sleep.
Joanne on the top bunk and John on the lower.
In the middle of the night Joanne leans over and says, I'm sorry to bother you but I'm awfully cold and I was wondering if you could possibly pass me.
Another blanket.
John leans out and with a glint in his eyes as I've got a better idea let's pretend we're married.
Why not, says Joanne?
Good, John replies.
Get your own damn blanket.
Now paves too.
Billy and Jessica were going on a cruise for their honeymoon.
They packed their bags and got ready to go.
But forgot two things.
Condoms and dremamine.
Since Billy gets horribly motion sick on ships.
So they stop at the store on the way to the cruise and Billy goes in to get the necessary supplies.
He walks up to the counter with a plenty pack of paper.
He goes to the condoms and asks for the largest bottle of drammamine available.
The pharmacist looked at him for a second and then asked if it makes you so sick.
Why do you do it?
Paul Harvey.
Yeah.
Oh that is a good question.
For a lot of people, 1132 at 560 WQAM but nevertheless.
Whatever records you change.
1027 on the pole.
Wonder where you are shooting 413, Emberd?
No chance.
No chance.
You crazy people to run.
No, I guess so now I don't know.
Don't doubt it.
I thought you were 1132.
If you would have told me we get to 1000 yesterday by 1230 by game time.
Game time.
I would have said, man, you be crazy.
You're nuts.
But we did it.
As the great David Sampson would say, he's not legendary but I think he's probably working on it.
If they went like another World Series, would they definitely will not?
We did it!
They are undefeated though.
They're one in the Marlon.
You're a Florida Marlins.
You can have them.
In the defeat for the Bush administration, the Supreme Court ruled yesterday that a U.S. government agency has the power to regulate greenhouse gas emissions that spur global warming.
By a 5-4-of-oat-nation-sized court said U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has offered no reason to explanation for its refusal to regulate carbon dioxide and other emissions from new cars and trucks that contribute to climate change.
The ruling on one of the most important environmental cases to reach the Supreme Court marked the first high court decision to case involving global warming.
A.K.A.
I'm dying out of here.
President Bush is a post-manitory controls on greenhouse gas.
This is harmful to the U.S. economy because it's bad for business, baby.
That's what the world is all about like what's his name told Howard Veele, Mr. Jensen.
The world is a business Mr. Veele and the administration has called for voluntary programs instead of regulation.
The states and environmental groups to broth the lawsuit hailed the ruling.
As a result of today's landmark ruling EPA can no longer hide behind the fiction that Alexa and E.R.
Tura-30 to address the problem of global warming Massachusetts attorney General Martha Coakley be saying.
Today the nation's highest court has set the White House straight as opposed to gay.
Derbord Accent is an air pollutant of the Clean Air Act of CPA.
The party start cutting the pollution from new vehicles that is wreaking havoc with our climate said David Doniger of the National Resources Defense Council.
Greenhouse gas is a current actually also emitted by cars, trucks and factories in the atmosphere that can trap heat close to their surface like the glass walls of a greenhouse.
Like that greenhouse in that movie the hand that rocks the cradle remember that?
I do.
That was a good movie.
Yeah, it was pretty good.
And I still say that what's your name Rebecca D. Mourney?
George, he finally after all these years finally decided to agree.
She looks a lot like swillery.
Swillery Clinton, you don't think so? Rebecca D. Mourney?
At least in that movie anyway.
Where she was the nanny.
A lot of bad nannies in a lot of movies.
For example in the Omen.
Remember the nanny with the dog with that wicked dog?
I did not see the Omen.
Oh!
What?
Who am I talking to here?
I bet you're Christus seeing the Omen.
I've seen most of what I've seen the whole thing.
I was like not.
Are you speaking or am I just not hearing it?
I was speaking.
I said I've seen most of it.
It's another one you tell me you turned it off before the end before the climaxes at which you tell me.
You was watching and he was like, oh man.
Now it's a lot like I was already started when I started watching it.
Also in other words you stayed all the way through the end.
Yep.
If you would have said that you were watching and then you shut it off and you were fell asleep.
I'm not a hell.
I just didn't take this anymore.
I've gotten really peeled.
Hey listen, to eat it so man if that's what you like more power to you.
Some people are into like animal house.
Which was fine the first 400 times.
Or doogie house around TV stuff like that.
A lot of people like doogie style.
Five and twenty one bigger part.
That's doogie style.
Yeah doogie's, the adjoys had doogie style.
133 votes I wish I had more time to vacation 189.
Speaking of doogie style has sex 147.
Any style any position will do as long as it works.
Smell the roses 104.
Relax 99.
Enjoy with my kids 84.
Exercise 78.
Sleep 69.
I hate this poll only 65.
I'm here 6.2% a gigantic a few mongous improvement over that crap we did yesterday.
We're 24% of the audience hated it.
Oh they wanted they wanted out they wanted out let me out of here.
In fact when I came in here this morning I heard the fact that the thing was cutting out again like that.
That's what I want out but I can handle it.
I think I'm doing it extraordinarily well.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because I'm legendary.
A lesser queen than me would have just gotten up and said,
ah screw this again today what is it just walked out.
Because it's in the line we just took a vote on here a few minutes ago.
It's in the line even the audience.
Everybody in the audience who thinks it's in the phone line raise your hand.
Okay so we're going to millions of hands are going up all across the world even in Taiwan they're going up.
All over the place.
I wish I had more time to spend out there 38 to read 34 oh how boring.
I mean I'm not saying once upon a time I didn't enjoy reading but I don't have time for it.
It's wasted time.
I mean neither.
Unless I'm on the bowl.
You only think so.
Oh yeah I'm the boy you know and I don't know about you but I'm one of those people funny you should mention that.
I don't like wasting time because you know obviously a special way to get to be old like me you don't have that much time left.
But all my life I've been like that.
I have to have reading material when I'm on the throne.
I'm going to be with some magazine the newspaper I just I always invariably try to grab you know a little something to read.
Yeah I'm a magazine guy.
Oh magazine yeah well I don't want to go into what kind of magazines.
Read 34 party 29 surf the net 11.
Spend on my space 11.
Well if I had any more time for that there have to be 40 hours a day.
How's it going Ricky?
See it's a good thing that I got I got Ricky on there now because he's a good guy number one and number two.
See it it takes the pressure of some of my other correspondence to try to pacify me and pat me on the head like oh geez calm down already will you?
Like that you know you believe that that it takes the pressure off of them.
No no I'm just made that up to make them feel better.
I wish I had more time to work a day that that could be see yesterday may have been the dumbest poll we ever took that could be the dumbest answer to what poll we've ever had.
I wish I had more time to work eight.
I don't get it unless there are people who maybe like depending on how much they work that's how much money they make do you see what I'm saying?
Like maybe a cab driver something like that.
I'm trying to rationalize for them to still I'm sure a cab driver doesn't want to work more.
I mean if that's what he needs to make the money what are you talking about Sonny come on.
I'll put you in touch with my lesbianies terrorist cab driver he'll give you a story.
He's got more stories.
Work eight listen to music seven and watch TV five how about whistle wide you work?
How about that I'm not a very good Whistler.
Not everybody can be great at everything.
I mean legendary as far as opening a mouth and talking a lot of crap on here four hours a day and getting paid a lot of money to do it.
I'm legendary in that regard I would agree with that.
1036 votes if we can get like I don't know I think 13 was an unrealistic number for you to pick Chris God.
This is I with the steel.
It is ten years later the world is remembering that mass suicide of the heavens gate called in Rancho Santa Fe.
39 people covered their heads and purple claws after eating pudding laced with poison.
They believe the spaceship was traveling behind the hailbop comet it would pick up their souls.
The only survivor of the call says he survived to tell the world about heaven's gate.
Human beings are headed into the cosmos.
I know the human being and fish can coexist peacefully but the main purpose of this spacecraft will be to carry democraft beyond our orbit.
To other worlds for increasingly extended periods of time.
He's the best.
He be the best.
It's 11.44 a.m. and I got some bad news for you.
Uh oh.
Well, I mean it's not bad news for me because I'm not there most of the time.
Taking another toss at the tropical weather dartboard a group of university forecasters today predict today very active hurricane season.
Oh my god.
Not that we want to get anybody nervous over the after last couple of years.
They shut that about this you know this past year.
So there's going to be the worst year ever and we didn't have one.
See now you're cutting out to the point where you just you just disappear and then you don't come back.
Uh uh uh uh.
Yeah like that only then you only one of those.
Not good is it?
They're in the line.
If I was them I'd be on the phone right now with the phone people screaming and yelling and wheezing and gnashing and throwing all kinds of elephant.
Uh uh uh uh uh fee season stuff and just going bananas is what I'd be doing.
But what do I know?
Uh it's true with anything.
I mean what could I possibly know about anything when you come right down to it?
Uh uh like programming for example.
They respect 17 named tropical storms that grew into nine hurricanes including five intense hurricanes with winds of above 110 miles an hour.
The averages over the past 40 years are 11 tropical storm six hurricanes and two intense hurricanes.
In 2006 we had 10 named storms that became five hurricanes to which were intense to welcome relief after the barrage of 2004 and 2005.
How could we forget the six month season begins June 1.
And now another excellent reason to get there a lot of Florida while you can get out before it's too late.
We are calling for a very active hurricane season this year but not as active as the 2004 and 2005 season.
Thanks God said Phil Klotzback leader of the team of Colorado State University Sanctus that include famed expert William Gray.
I wonder if he's kind of Susan Gray.
You know that guy that's always talking about Susan Gray and making all these directorate comments and whatever.
Sure.
I wonder if he knows Chris Bush.
One reason for the prediction of above average storm production developing a lot of neonia conditions in the western Pacific.
Those relatively cool sea sea temperatures can suppress cross winds that help us by tearing apart developing hurricanes.
Oh when did that tear them apart?
La neonia is the opposite of El Nino.
Well I would think so.
Relatively warm Pacific temperatures that can amplify those cross winds.
Last year a mild El Nino helped them ensure Hurricane activity.
Another example of the juvenile behavior of mankind.
The child El Nino.
All of this crap.
I remember when I had that born again Neil what was his name that used to be the head of the hurricane center that went to Texas.
Neil um...
Oh come on.
I don't know any another dire remember.
Well he was the he was a born again Christian and what when he go into his rap about El Nino I would just about fall off the chair.
Well you stop at all a Getchki crap I'll ready you far bison.
Neil uh oh I can't think of his name even.
That's a shame.
Yeah that brush cut you know before was before sure it had became fashionable.
We've seen El Nino conditions dis dissipate quite rapidly late this winter so we don't think that's going to be an inhibiting factor this year.
Clots back said.
Also we have warm Atlantic sea surface temperatures this year which we've just seen about every year since 1995.
Several other teams have issued similar predictions and government scientists will issue their seasonal forecast next month.
The Colorado State Team also predict today 74% chance that the entire US coastline will receive a direct hit by an intense hurricane.
And a 50% chance that the east coast including all of Florida gets lacked.
How do you like that?
A 50% chance that the east coast including all of Florida all of it gets wet.
Still these long range predictions tend to be far less accurate than real time forecast of an actual storm.
And nobody is showing any skill predicting this far ahead where tropical weather will strike.
They just like to scare the day off out of everybody.
Oh you better get under the bed you know.
Like during the Cold War.
They used to have these PSAs that run on TV.
And they would show the kids showing you what to do when there was a nuclear war if they were dropping nuclear weapons.
I, all your kids, caught and crawled to the desk now.
Yeah that should do it when you think crawling under your desk in school.
Yeah could save the life.
That should protect you from just about anything I would think.
Last year the Colorado State Team and government forecast is consistently aired on the high side.
The year before they consistently aired on the lowest side.
Well what does that tell you?
Tell us sounds to me like they're consistently airing when in doubt air it out.
The latest prediction came during the National Hurricane Conferencing to Orleans.
Greatest scheduled to rest about 2000 forecast is emergency managers and others on Friday.
Get everybody all whipped up.
Oh my god.
Oh, frenzy.
If it was facet if we didn't have hurricanes and tornadoes and violent weather.
All these people would be out of business who would really carry you know.
So they have to be fear mongers.
Am I right?
You bet.
Guess what city?
Oh don't tell me this story didn't print out.
That would be oh it did not print out the whole story.
I got to go back.
Oh I hate when that happens don't you?
Now let me see why this did this.
I guess I better highlight it huh?
Yeah you better do that.
Well I mean this only like the last couple of sentences didn't print out but I hate when that happens.
Since you have a computer expert the wizard.
And Chris will be pleased to know I guess I told you yesterday my outlook expressed went down there for a little while.
Now what do you tell me was the reason?
Because it's working just fine now.
Otherwise I wouldn't have been able to send Josh to his 400 stories.
Eric said they had a problem at the server or something like that a card was bad or something I don't know.
They had a bad card huh?
You ever get turned down with a bad credit card?
No no no.
You know how embarrassing that is?
I'm trying to think it would ever happen to me but it just it just would seem to me to be.
I don't think so.
Neil Frank was the guy.
Who?
Neil Frank.
Neil Frank.
There you go. What a tough name Frank like Barney Frank.
Dr. Neil Frank with a short hair and a real good guy but a religious fanatic real bored again for a bison you know.
El Nino the child.
Yeah the child my ass okay cut the crap.
Talk like are we living and breathing him and being in the 21st century and stop talking like some kind of a bozo would you please?
The best the highest quality of life among global cities guess what is the highest?
You'll ever guess.
Let me give you let me give you a clue that you couldn't possibly miss okay it begins the first letter is Z.
How many cities do you know that begin with Z?
Not too many.
Well pick one.
Let me give you another clue it's in Switzerland.
Schweitz.
There you go.
Zurich.
I don't know what it was didn't you.
You still had no idea you wouldn't know where to find Switzerland on their map if they put a gun to your head either one of you would well.
I could tell you would you know where to find Switzerland on a map come on fast I could give you the range I couldn't point to it exactly.
I could tell you the ballpark it's that you know it was like somewhere in Europe.
Somewhere west of what used to be the Soviet Union.
Oh man.
Zurich in Switzerland has the highest quality of life among global cities while guess what's got the lowest life in Spetoich on McCain is saying begins with a B and it's in Iraq.
Bag dad.
Bag dad.
According to a survey of 215 centers compiled by mercy human resource counseling well I got to get all these I got to find the whole list.
Because every time you give one of these stories they only give you a lick and a schmere you know the survey score cities on marker sessions the availability of health care the level of air pollution and the presence of harmful animals before ranking them against New York is the base city.
Another Swiss city Geneva came in second in the so called quality living index.
Oh well I like that who wants to live in Switzerland I've never been there probably pretty nice.
Would you think yeah followed by the capital of Vienna Austria Vancouver was number three four whatever it was.
Auckland New Zealand also ranked top city in Asia city in Australia and Wellington in Australia city of Melbourne and Perth made up the rest of the Asian top five this is so hard to follow after Vancouver Canadian cities Toronto.
So Ottawa Montreal and Calgary filled up the North American top five how do you like that for the top five North American cities.
Oh wait a minute all of them all five are in Canada a Vancouver Toronto Ottawa Montreal and Calgary are the top five highest quality of life cities in North America all in Canada a so you people want to call Canada soft.
See what do you know here's a survey that proves it and I just said so.
Yamama do so Dorf and Frankfurt in Germany were fourth in fifth place in Europe.
Oh you can take Frankfurt man and you can stick that place with a moon dome shine.
Oh not a big fan.
Not at all I wouldn't go back there if you paid me by the step.
What's wrong with it?
It's not anything at all like the rest of Germany or at least Berlin and Cologne I mean those are great places.
Frankfurt is like mostly like like like illegal aliens you like Moroccans and Algerians and I don't know strange people and it's just I don't know ugly city.
But anyway the surveys used to help governments and corporations place employees at international postings Mercer said at the bottom of the index Brazaville in the African country of Congo.
Bangui and I have no idea if I'm saying that record is never heard of in the Central African Republic and Cartoum the capital of Sudan scored the lowest after it's in the bag dad.
Cartoum I'm not going to race it though I'm going to put them out to stud Cartoum remember Cartoum in the Godfather yes.
I mean it's one thing to love your animals but when you're sleeping with a horse in your bed not a good sign if he acts me.
Mercer also produces index ranking down their levels of health and sanitation.
The top five season that index were in North America except for the Finland the capital of Helsinki which ranked third I've been there you've been there and know you have it.
Na na na na na how do you like that.
Boy you talk about beautiful people in Helsinki oh my God all I can tell you do you want me to sum up Helsinki in one word please here's the word.
That's the word.
Wow like that huh.
Like that oh beautiful those fins man and if you don't go there you're finished.
Baku and Azerbaijan Daka in Bangladesh Antenna Revo with Antenna Revo I never heard of it in Madagascar oh well no wonder.
And Haiti's capital Port-Oprins all scored the lowest for health and sanitation because they're lack of medical infrastructure and underdeveloped the Western sewage removal systems.
The surveys conducted each year with rankings changed in the interim for the country's assessment is revised.
I think that's pretty dramatic when you the top five cities in North America for quality of life are all in Canada how do you like that Vancouver that's because you can go out and smoke a big fat one in the street nobody will even give you a second look Toronto auto among fuel and Calgary filled out the North American top five that is shocking is what it is.
I bet you there are people out there listening to me right now ready like plots and they don't even know what that means it's just like Joshua the process.
Now plots you know what it means to plots yeah what does it mean plots.
No that's not what it means no matter how you interpret what you just said oh that's that we leave it didn't come up with something grotesque discussing that with smell bad.
1664 votes on the poll Chris you can take your 13th like I said our goal is 1200 I mean technically theoretically we could do it you know.
We need 236 in two hours and four minutes I mean do the math.
Anybody that says do the math ought to be shot you know before they even get it out of their mouth do the math hate that once you hit that expression.
Yes there's a lot of hate going around 13104 friends in our my space page by the way 1304 eight your heart out Miguel.
He never dreamed what he say was hoping we'd someday get to 1000 if I lived long enough if I lived to be 200 yeah.
And we got 1304 we don't put just anybody and everybody on there believe you me we don't put a lot of you know we only put
140 people under that we like this is pretty quick whenever I shape my ball I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
If you resist me I will cut off your head.
The end of history I want all of you dead.
I'm dying of an air.
You're fair.
Couple two at five sixty WDQ I'm happy Tuesday to April the Turret man right in the heavy duty into pay soft and then we got good Friday and bad Friday and Easter Sunday and all of
this other hazard I and you know what it's good for holidays.
That's right good for vacations because the smart people what they do is they they base their vacation around like for example Friday is good Friday.
It's a legal holiday because the going we've got the numbers going you know and so you don't get you don't get the charge for that if you take that day off you got that day off anyway so you include that in your vacation you're doing a smart thing right not like
Fredo smart correct correct now do you think anybody's going to be there on Friday on good Friday let me take a look at the schedule Kenny and bow.
I'm here from 10 to 1 doesn't see they don't even have that right on the schedule let's just clear this is a way well again were you tell me he was.
I don't know where he is it's not vacation all we know no good.
Mad Dog at Augusta and then oh look at that oh no see and that's because the hump is trying to get smart in his
federal age yeah is in for the hump are on Friday he's doing the power hour with mad dog wow holy moly.
In fact it says the power hour with Joseph Gekki and Marlon's round table now is that the round table or the square table they get
confused and what what is the real story on that did they ever read the Schmidt can that dealers it doors it just last week can we find out well I haven't
noticed it the last two days when I've put it on on the way in so the square table is missing aha that you
stole it that should do it anything that should turn that baby around I love it okay let's take a look at the pole okay because you know
Christmas thinking 13 hundred I'm thinking Chris is a hyperventilating is nuts I'm thinking 12 hundred is good
and whatever we get over that be like a nice bonus you know oh you find out why hammers not here Friday that's what
I just got through saying I said Joseph Gekki's out did you get it listen anything I just know why because it's good Friday no because he's
doing something for ESPN he's one doing something for ESPN well good for him maybe it's the Florida Derby is that this weekend that was
this past weekend and then you know you do realize it's not that far away I know Josh was there for a couple of those Dave Johnson
shows do you realize it's the six hundred year in a row that Dave and I will be a confedulating on here if we're both alive
by them the what is it the first Saturday or the second Saturday in me I think it's the first Saturday in me the Derby right so it's only like about a month away to Derby
day and Dave Johnson I'll both see if we can pick a winner we haven't done that in about 30 years but here's the pole I wish I
had more time to vacation 201 have sex 157 huh smell the roses 107 relax 101 enjoy enjoy with my kids 90 exercise
79 sleep 73 let me just tell you right now okay eventually there'll be plenty of time to sleep for all of us so those people
have on the like you know sleep and sleep forget about it especially there'll be plenty of time that was what you
voted for that yeah I never sleep why is that because I work all damn day and then I you know and you're
browsing all night you're getting drunk in be your browsing with a Russian girlfriend all night kind of well give it
a rest that he'll up for a few days okay God sleep 73 I hate this pole 66 a mere 6.1% enjoy with my spouse or significant
other 56 more time to spend outdoors 38 to read 35 wow party 29 surf the net 12 spend on my space 11 I wish I had more time to work
eight I said oh God let's do a 30 hour show what do you say Jesus God what is wrong with those people listen to music 7 and watch TV only 5
trying to settle this this Tony big way of I'm going to try to settle this I'm going to tell you if you ate that British cuisine you
be constipated all the time to I you know I got to give them a little a little slack there just a little tiny bit you
would talk like you were constipated you would act like you were constipated between a royal family and a British diet
oh just unbelievable I might actually well there's one right there Q.I.M. Hello me how you doing okay sir
hey the people who want more time to have sex they should get by or something like that you know
I was worth it the one call that was good and he got a big kick out of it too that was the best part
so you're not supposed to stick in there pal because because when you stand up real fast they fall out of your
leg don't yeah so you don't stick them pills and oh and that's another thing an amstere than speaking of that is the
roster guys I'm always telling you about yeah I said a warm my buddy Mike from FSU that's going to London the study
for and I keep telling me he's got to take a weekend and go to Amsterdam which he's doing I know he's going to do it
time to go there I'm just going to take a buddy and go over there I'm still down and just watch out for the
roster guys already warned that but they're not just pedaling like they'll walk around on the street
coke ecstasy but Viagra Viagra oh and I just I'd like shoot them away you know like
like fake get out of here get away from it fat go away Viagra ecstasy coke
see nothing's perfect that's living proof that there are plenty of faults with Amsterdam I've told you that
one the biggest one being the Dutch you know one of the other ones being the roster people another one is of course the crappy
food I mean oh my god talk about fat wow there are some cities that are renowned for their great
food like aroma man the food in Italy if you go to Italy and you can't get a great meal you have your
clueless either that or very unlucky like no green memory you think I'm unlucky think I'm
skimming off the top no you're just unlucky I see I got the whole other dialogue they're screwed up that's
okay say this is the same guy that forgot I ate the bacon eight o'clock and then I made some more
game later and you know something I think I forgot about both times now that's how good it was
get all in nitrates all those chemicals in my system creating a gigantic big tumor in my
public oh man 1886 votes on a poll 14 more for 1100 and then after that it's a problem
medical after that crystal say oh we can do it all man you'll see just keep pushing it and pushing it
yeah push this I love this story Victor Gold a friend of George Herbert Walker Bush that's Bush
one and the Cheney family is that a release of books slamming the Bush administration
entitled invasion of the party snatchers how the holy rollers and the neocons destroyed the GOP
party oh it sounds good to me we'll read that book for yeah I would read that for all the
road built for sod of his being a strong chief executive George W Bush has been by comparison
to even hapless Jimmy Carter the weakest most out of touch present modern times gold rights think
Dan Quail in cowboy boots in other words like that in 2001 gold road glowing
biographies of George W Bush and Dick Cheney for their first demigration at the request
of Lynn Cheney a man of gravitas with the quick and easy with is how he described Cheney then
gravitas yeah is in grave he's grave all right ought to be in it and as soon to be released
book gold refers to Cheney is the vice president out of control who has a touch of paranoia
and is a megalomaniac reports the Washington Post in many ways gold's tale of disillusionment
is a familiar one continues the post there are plenty of veterans of Reagan and Bush 41 around
town who believe that Bush and Cheney have trashed the institutions and party they help
build from the record to the goldwater campaign but there aren't many who have been on a first-name
basis with those they believe are doing the trashing there aren't many like big gold well that's
good the name of the book again is invasion of the party snatchers how the holy
rollers and the neocons destroyed the GOP the gay old party not to mention Miss Foley talk about that
you fairy and of course your governor gay are we getting to eleven hundred or what so you can
be before we get to twelve hundred and thirteen we got to get to eleven first why is it how often
do those things refresh without doing it manual that was eighty nine without doing a manual probably like every
couple minutes every couple of minutes well that's not fast enough for an old fart like me I want some action on here baby
I want that thing refreshed like every 15 seconds bomb bomb bomb bomb like that as opposed to like just
the i need some action right see how I was stolen for that now let me ask you this are you
cutting out anymore I haven't seen anything well have you heard anything I mean George came in and said that uh
you know maybe everything would be hunky dory he doesn't think it's the line by the way and still cutting
out and it is the lie well what does he know what what does he think of is
he did not tell us he didn't really get into that and then why would he think everything is going to be
hunky dory is there anything been changed like his underwear anything is happened like an immaculate like an
act of God like maybe the dead Pope the fat slob and how can you how can you be the pope and be fat you know
if he's if he was so wise how could he be such a fat slob and all right to good point now he's supposed to be the moral
I think he thought he was going to be the oral leader in more ways than one I don't want to give the altar
boy thing but nevertheless on fact they showed the new pope man they they were showing they were talking about this
broad this non you know that the oh he's going to be a saint because he hear my Parkinson's and they showed
a shot of a new pope schlepping around there in the Vatican and they showed the altar boys behind him
and they they must do a nationwide search all over it's highly to find those kids my God you talk about pristine and clean
even impressed this old queen I thought holy crap man you want to be hands off I believe her you want it to be a ill
papa for a day no way no way I mean these kids were like sixteen and seventeen but boy they sure I'm telling you you know what
I'm saying no they were the cream of the crop they looked really just nice but anyway well you know I mean if you're going to if you're going to be in a position like
they were even like molest all those children you might as well at least molest the cute ones right who the hell wants to molest ugly people
is not a good point it says nobody ever tried to molest me damn it anybody have a heart or a liver record like gas prices
gas prices have you seen how much a gallon of gas costs today if you're one of the people
cuming at the prices you see now just wait and I will say they could soon be going even higher looks like it's going to be $4 this summer maybe I don't know
for this is ridiculous you know this is ridiculous that's ridiculous pretty tough emotional not bad up
that is too much every day the price goes up can feel the raw come on there's something expensive
taking a road trip and an SUV is going to be expensive
I know my budget is tight will you moth along me to money he's still pay for his direct and me as I'll start packing bag lunches
it just ain't right they can't afford to pay for it
ooh a direct expensive
come for with me now this gas costs too much though
ooh you don't have to go with a low home
and this picture couldn't be any clearer my time is trying to fall
sometimes just to fill up you need a bank loan
I'd like to pay less for grants I don't imagine you're too happy with the price of gasoline these days
that should make you man
I was not as hell
I'm not starting to take this anymore
all right that didn't sound like a Howard that we know a lot of initial like
I'm as mad as hell but I just got a take this anymore
did it some more subdued or maybe I mean I wasn't I think it was the real thing wasn't it?
solid like it
well let's try it again let me just back that baby up a little
like that
like that
I don't imagine you're too happy with the price of gasoline these days
that should make you man
I was not starting to take this anymore
yeah that was from a different part of the movie
that was him that was Peter Finch he was so great and I was such a great movie inspired what Josh says
don't let anybody in this audience ever be a deterred from watching network
because it's one of the most brilliant and one of the most way ahead of its time movies ever made
slow the slow times but it's pretty good
when you stop with this slow with this slow everything's got to have action and shooting and killing
and all kinds of you know crap
I would say that but that's what you're thinking no it's there's a couple times where it just gets little wordy
and it's just a little like okay get to the next point
give to the next point yes
listen to me television is not the truth so turn off your television said turn them off right in the middle of the set
oh that sounds like what I'm hearing today again right in the middle of the set
anyway let's not oh this is a horrible story
you notice I have a really big pilot because I knew we had the whole for four hours
see how I had to go back into training
all the way occasionally do sneak in a phone call to a n hello
hello yes
just calling for now speaking
hey no
um it's up in the Amsterdam about I don't know like six times or something like that
yeah and I have to get that's about to you kind of lose count
but the last time I was there was 1988
I was when I got married took my wife over and me was to say it wasn't the same experience
having my wife with me became my drift
but tell me because you talk a lot about it
what what is different today in Amsterdam than it was in those days
is it is there more for positive folks serving what
because there was a lot of them
yeah they have a factory where they multiply them I think they they stamp them out
yeah raster punks yeah no not punks old old smelly nasty raster guys pedaling drugs
in the streets yeah I mean it's not like zillions of them but they're just not to be a little bit annoying
they were they were preventive in the 80s so at the worst in the town
in terms of food have you ever been to
um
semisabel it's a high place
what is it?
something
say it again
semisabel
S-A-N-A-S-E-D-O
where were part of town is it in?
oh god I don't remember the street it's it's near downtown
and it's got you know great Thai food if you like Thai food
okay but it's probably not there no more you know how that goes
I know
okay I'll see you in the dam right pal I'll see McDonald's
we'll see you there
see Mickey D's with that rat I wonder if that rat still running around in there
the one under the deep fryer hmm he loves them fries
then pommas frites this man
yeah the Dutch are very big on that those French fries
see that that was another problem with that call I took coming he was a good call
and he had actually a little bit to say not too much
but um that kept cutting out too
hmm
hmm not good
a 33 year old woman was a rain someday on charges alleging she offered to let an undercover investigator
take pornographic photos of her seven year old daughter and have sex with the girl
this is in Taylor Michigan
Michigan now this audience if you're like a religious listener somebody that's listened to
uh the legendary Neil for years and years and years maybe if you have a really good memory
you'll recall that I told you that Taylor Michigan is like
it's a suburb of Detroit but just approved you that redneck bill isn't all in southern USA
I mean most northern cities have got a redneck suburb
and believe me you will believe what I said yeah
Taylor Michigan is nothing but redneck trailer trash
the woman was arrested Friday after taking the girl to a hotel in Romulus
near Detroit Metropolitan Airport where she had agreed to meet the investigator
the Wayne County Sheriff's Department said
and that's another piece of information do not go to Detroit
don't go anywhere near Detroit don't think about going to Detroit
forget about it that's my best one of the best pieces of advice I'll ever give your ass
do not go to Detroit how's eight mile
don't go to eight mile it's still all uh you don't want to go to eight mile road okay
see these punks think because the M&M did that you know the whole deal with eight mile
that they know something about Detroit forget about it
the riots were in 1967 that's 40 freaking years ago
and the places that they burned down 40 years ago are still burned out
they still haven't been replaced or redone or whatever
Detroit blows it used to be great you know back before then before 67
see one thing about me I always know if I'm pissed off and other people
I'll what I'll do is burn down my neighborhood just to show them how pissed off I am
that makes sense no
I'm not guilty plea was headed on behalf of the woman who was represented by a lawyer at the
Raymond Department's spokesman John Roach said she was held in lieu of a million
dollars bail and preliminary examination with Skeds were for April the 12th
authority said the woman offered to let the investigator take the photos for a fee
and once he met him discussed being paid in exchange for a sex with the child
according to the trick free press this is a truly horrifying case
share of war and ever said this statement to think that a woman will offer her
own daughter in this way is impossible to comprehend seven-year-old girl
the girl under four siblings ages 12 11 9 and 6 were all in protective custody
see this is Taylor Michigan they're popping one out every nine months
they got that big jar of vacillation on top of the TV I'm sure you've heard me tell that story
I don't think so well it's it's a very sad place the name of the woman who lives in
this Detroit suburb Taylor Michigan wasn't being released to avoid identifying the
child she faced five charges including child sexually abusive behavior illegal
use of internet for child sexual abuse of actions or materials and distribution of
child sexually abusive material she was also charged with prostitution since the
department said she propositioned investigator herself the department said the
woman ever tried herself online is a prostitute well he she was honest with a prostitute
at least she wasn't bs and she wasn't like some of those my space phone is on
there like that if convicted she could get up 20 years in the slimmer they had
a fry her ass okay right there on TV on trend channel 51 in Detroit a
channel seven with Dave Diles and Bill bonds for those of the days man those
of the days w x y z w k n r keen or thirty and of course it goes without saying
the big H golden c k w golden those are the golden days man of radio when a radio
was worth actually owning when people didn't keep flushing down the toilet that's
what most people do now especially if they have like one of those old AM only
radios like we used to have when I was a kid they just flushing down the
toilet same same as everything else you flushed down there it's the same
value 11 13 old being on the pool I don't know I don't think we're going to get to
1200 by the top of the hour so I think that your assessment let's let's go for
1250 how's that sound sure something like a deal huh sounds like a deal you're
going to be satisfied with that 1250 will I do it for you yeah sure of course you're
going to have to take whatever they give you I don't think you're cutting out
anymore unless you just whispering now or something like that you don't think off what
what I'm right here what are you talking about oh you're cutting out again
they've been going to what if you can't find the song of bomb or
wreck if the market are I'd run up on my rack if the terror risk or
grinsy act as if it's looking shimmy voice going it is too risky bomb or
wreck if we have no wildlife with a bomb or wreck if we think that's
a bomb or wreck so to hell with the infections let's look up for the
elections close your mind to take directions bomb or wreck
uh huh call it mine and bomb a warning bomb or wreck
or my disease or borders bomb or wreck
if the dream will call the trees and let's make it or not
love the season and but if we have no reason bomb or wreck
or wreck or need to have five sixty wm on the legendary near
Roger show god almighty it is such a thing to be legendary you know yeah what's
that like I don't know I have no idea what I get out of bed in the morning I feel
just like me you know I don't feel any more or less important or
anything else just like a fat old Jew you know no Jew
fact nothing wrong with that though it's better than the alternative see that's
the one thing later I got you even a stop me from doing that all this old
age business I'm like so old you know it sounds like it sounds like the guys
across the street you know they're also all over there yeah too bad we can't be
young and hip like you like us to gods oh man whoo that is really sick
speaking of six deep down rights or Riley uses his friend sickness for
political attacks speaking of really really sick below just when you think
Bill or Riley could think no lower he says he shows us that there is never
low enough for him this past week Bill found it somehow palatable to spin the
sad news that Tony Stowe's cancer had re-emerged into a hit job on the
left Bill must have forgotten his excoration of Jimmy Carter from making a
political comment in the midst of someone else's personal pain at
Corretta Scott King's funeral or Paul Wallstone funeral organizers for
allowing a very solemn occasion deteriorated into a political rally Friday on
the TV factor he and Michelle Malcolm raked the hoving and post Roy C.
off across the coals for actually having one of the nine hundred eight feet
bloggers post an anti-snow column that was up for eight hours then hit him
for an attack on snow by one of the thousands of commenters thank god you
don't have stuff like that happening on free republic dot com or any other
right wing site but it gets better worser if using a friend sickness is a
political tool isn't sick enough Bill turned his weekly newspaper column on Tony
Stowe's illness into a partisan slam of Howard Dean in the left the self
Christian culture warrior not to be confused with an actual and listing in the
military warrior wrote that when I examine the other side the bush haters in far
left zealous I compared them to Tony snow if I'm in a fox hole or if I
don't depend on another person to a want snow or Howard Dean beside the
fact that it takes humongous balls and zero shame to not pass out from the
smell within ten miles of this partisan tribe I wonder if Bill would rather
spend time in an actual wartime in a fox hole with someone who served like far
left zealous John Martha or someone who somehow forgot to volunteer during
Vietnam say like I don't know Bill or Riley but nevertheless always turn up that
story again should have put in the shredder dammit you witty you quizzling you
uh you fairly simple then it's all right oh now where is this that they're showing
out here are all these get keys at the same time layoff students from their
brother major have begun attacking video shops in the capital some Pakistani
commentators are talking about the South East
you know who that is Chris that's correct I might as well start getting arrogant
and egotistical white hell not you know we got now let's see it's already April so
there's like uh twelve and nine is twenty twenty one months to go I mean it's
almost two years but twenty one month no you think we ought to start doing the
official countdown now you I thought you said you're not going to be done what do
you mean by that that you're going to renew that you're going to you're going to do
this forever man yeah right twenty one months baby counted down right now to
twenty one months then I'm moving to Berlin I'm hiring a search party to move with
me to Berlin and I'm going to fight for some two years you know got to know
what I might find in between eleven hundred and twenty three votes on the
pool I wish I had more time to vacation two hundred eleven have sex one sixty
one how about having sex while on vacation sounds like a real good combo like a
combo deal smell the roses one away relax one oh seven enjoy more time to enjoy
with my kids ninety five to exercise eighty six now how about just going for a
brisk walk from here to the door and back sleep seventy four see that's one
thing about going for a walk what's that mom sure punk like you never thought about
in this which who walks in Florida where is there anywhere to walk where I live
out there in the acres there are even a sidewalks if you want it to go for
walk you can't do it unless you want to walk in the street like some kind of a
mole-ron one thing about a walk the longer you keep going the better it is
because then you got to turn around and walk back that's right that good thinking
boy what logic I know wonder I'm legendary you know anybody can come up with a
ingenious observation like that so I wish I had more time to sleep seventy four
believe me someday you will and then you'll think what you won't think I
hate this pool seventy one and we're six point three percent not bad enjoy with my
spouse or significant other fifty seven spend outdoors forty read thirty six party
thirty one surf the net twelve spend on my space twelve with all my good close
personal pizons all three or four of them work nine see the some of the
some of the wise guys some smart ass voter for their just to aggravate me I don't
care if you want to work twenty four seven that's fine with me be a smuck wish
I have more time to work nine to listen to music eight and watch TV had that
thing hasn't moved since the get-go since I sat down here this moment only five
people I wish they had more time to watch TV probably because they're watching
like fifteen eighteen hours a day how did you like that story I told about
spending sixteen hours one day would buy feeding a machine trying to try to
break on through break on through the other side like the doors couldn't do it
that's pretty uh... couldn't do it that machine wouldn't budge terrible bad
machine-mind I think that's the other that you have a paddle
when you go in there so that you can spank the machine if it's really a bad
machine is not what you would like a kid if it's a bad kid you spank them with a
paddle that's right there was there was a guy I wasn't there to see it all I
have seen some of these old some of these old ethnic some of these old European
people that have no manners at all very rude and crude and I've seen them kicking
machines and and bang it on my favorite or especially the people from
India very superstitious very uh... holy a roly a holy moly kind of and they
they've learned that they're not the only ones but they're they're very big on
it waving their hands across the glass you know they smear their hands across the
glass and then when they get a spin on a wheel of fortune they get up because you
know the wheels up on top and they like to do the same hoax poke as they're like
waving and they really is very effective not
then do a damn thing or here's the facts and it's another pool
for a follow up to today's pool I would gladly work extra hours to avoid
now that this is a good pool it's not from a charm of university dodge again
we got basically three sources of pools we got Sean our old pool friend who
used to be the pool expert now he's you know you still have a little bit
Sean we appreciate everything you've done but you're you know you've been passed
up like you were laying down prone and then we got to Charlie be a course then we
got the university dodge crowd obviously they're selling a whole lot of vehicles
and maybe they're selling them all out maybe that's what it is or maybe they've
heard Kim Bockampers showing them morning on the station and they're trying to
do anything else to stop thinking about it I know I'm trying I would
gladly work extra hours to avoid spending time with my in-laws going home to the
wife and kids going to the dentist oh I'm so glad I'm done with those two
episodes man oh going to a Marlins game I gladly work extra to avoid going to a
Panthers game we love the panthers not I love Stevie Weisto hey Stevie come on
over let's have a little party over here Stevie just you and me going to my
kids little league game entertaining out of town company going to visit our
town family and I at the end they've got one two three four five of them I
hate hate hate hate hate hate hate this pool I think I did six well take one back
that's not bad what do you think thumbs up that'll work that'll work sounds
good to me and look at that I was gonna do this today and I was it James do
hand or is it doing how you doing now he's not doing too good he's dead from a
star trek do hand yes say I was never a trickie I mean yeah I like to see the
okay and I watched how is it mean either what is it doing yeah you're right
but I'm saying I was never a trick oh I thought you said you know how to say oh
mean either well you're you're cutting out a little bit you know although George
Corsow will come in and say the problem is solved it's not in the line and he's
just making it up with the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
hello and welcome to a corner fair Sarah Connor former Miss USA Donald Trump
decided to give you a second chance if you want to rehab now that your reign is
over what are you gonna do you know film on the like the judge alcohol how long have
you been off the wagon a couple of days have to have a drink right now I don't
think that's a good idea no I don't think so well maybe I can just have one more
thing oh no not at my show oh geez one one's not gonna hurt hold it you know
there's obviously something not right here with me you know I thought yesterday
I thought I played good times off the I did it's just the wrong or cut but that's
bad my memory is going real bad my old time
that is really bad
I don't care what anybody says where we are I mean you're telling your opinion like
George but as usually is the case he's for a crap and one of the great TV
things of all time good times it's outstanding it's it's just fine what you don't
agree no it's something that yesterday I said it was good oh good thing you
think it's great I think this is great I remember one in the back in the
day when I said those boring guests I'm like bald headed Tom jica and he was
going through a thing about the Jefferson some what a racist a bad stereotype
was an racist show and I would say that anybody who would say something like
that is an idiot of course in in subsequent years we found out that I was
right because one thing we found out about jica was right how can anybody say
that it's a comedy show okay it's a comedy do you know anybody like George
Jefferson the other many dark folks like George no no and what was his wife
name she's dead by the way the actress to play this wife that's bad she was
good what was it I don't know weasy but easy how could you be a Jefferson's
fan and not remember weasy it makes me a little queasy to think that you
forgot about weasy man and then a while since I watched the war and Florence the
maid Florence see and there's only five people on our poll today say they want
a worst day more time to watch TV because they just don't make shows like that
no more you know I mean you know you've got your staples you got South Park and
you got the Colbert report you got you know what's his name they're a
Schmecker and then that's about it and you got of course the best you want TV
Keith Holmerman and nobody watches on countdown eight to nine p.m. because it's
on a channel of nobody watches that's another thing you need to do besides
giving me out of the habit of this business of talking about I'm an old fart
and all this other crap is to watch MSNBC instead of CNN see we're creatures of
habit that's bad yeah I mean it's okay I mean like the people have been listening
to me because I'm legendary for 100 years that's good that's good don't stop
whatever you do know ever stop even on days when the show sucks you know like
yesterday's poll was real bad and like the last couple days I can't hear what's
going on at this time but like that but nevertheless
for everyone there's a magazine DC GD imagination at work
and it's something impressive that's MSNBC although they got these bimbo
rods on there in the afternoon then they got Tucker Carlson on it for without the
bow tie he's still a jackass in a pansy can't stand him and then we got
Chris Matthews it talks on the corner of his mouth was a power text you know
I got his Keith over like I said MSNBC we're restricted to the weekends when they
have all those documentary shows some words are pretty good I'm well I've only seen
the good ones about 400 times each we ever watch MSNBC and I'm guarantee you have
not either one of you I mean very very rarely very so I want to hear only accent
like a surf and I'm buying on that remote am I right yeah what about you Chris
isn't old men on there what do you do take away his food this morning or
something or what my things okay somebody must have peed on your cornflakes I'm
telling you because you just you aren't even a shadow of what you used to well
of course you could afford to be a shadow what used to be 1147 now what does
that sound like sounds like 1250 to me another 103 votes in the 70 minutes would
be 1250 and I'm sure that there's still a people out there wondering why does
he keep doing that what does he keep battling about how many votes we get today
I haven't got it I couldn't answer the question I could not answer that question
it's like asking you why did you fall in love with your girlfriend Josh of course
I'm assuming that you did but I don't know you might just be using her I don't
know no you're in love we got a good thing going well that's someone I
actually had a good thing okay I'll let her find out if you have a good thing I'm
sure she's already probed that I'm more than one occasion you're in love but
if somebody asked you why you couldn't answer that question could you I mean
you could say well because she's this but you really can't answer that question
why don't you like you know vanilla ice cream oh now who was it who was it I
was looking on somebody's profile now wasn't my buddy Mike at FSU because
Mike's a good guy and he's going to Europe and I'm giving all kinds of advice
and all kinds of you know leading down the garden path with Amsterdam got only
knows what kind of stuff I'm going to be he's 20 years old he's old enough he's
legal age he can go there and just screw his brains out more power to you Mike but I
think I probably shouldn't say that because I'm not really sure but he had one of
these profile deals he's questionnaires that you fill out and he put on his
profile in favorite ice cream was vanilla speaking of the girlfriend she's
like that she'll order a vanilla ice cream or like a vanilla shake now where
did you meet her I'm at my space I'm sure that now I met her at a
stake house she was a waitress I and I went in I see she was a wait house I
will wait house at a stake meet that we want to say which one it was on the
ear or not and that'd be a bad idea exactly what I say was the stake house in
Coral Springs oh pretty good stake house pretty good meet over there very
good very nice I see and how long was that that was man over two years ago now I
don't think you're cutting out anymore well he George of course so did do
something he didn't do squat okay maybe he did do a couple of squats but that's
about all he did this is about the same time happened yesterday no it wasn't
we were we're already gone but what about this much time left in the show now I'm
I don't want to count my chickens before they hatch but just to keep around
about your girlfriend and the first time you day the day and where you went
and how much you did and who did what to whom and who was on top and on about
stuff like that stuff like that or whatever you want to say about it you know I
don't want to start probing into your personal life that got there's gonna get
excited again a long story short I met her at the stake house we went out got a
little dinner when I'm playing pool got a few drinks and you know she's not a
ho is not I didn't sleep but they're the first night oh that's a terrible thing
to say she's not a whole I said she's not a ho I didn't sleep it if she was a
ho I would have slept under the first night that would make her a ho I wouldn't
date a girl that I sleep with the first night I just you know bang her a couple
times and you know move on to the next one you know I'm saying girls that you
sleep with on the first night it's not somebody you want to you know bring
generalization that is it's true I'm asking anybody who wants okay who wants to
have a long relationship with the broad that you bang and ask all my
heterosexual course funds there am I my I've got I've got a couple I'm gonna find
out if that's true yeah you don't want to know what does that mean I mean so what
about if it was the second day what was the big deal and so the second date is
like a big makes a big difference how many dates did you have before you did
the ultimate act probably four well now four maybe five probably four maybe five
yeah whoo I think most of the audience is thinking man he's a little bit slow
but never let's hey look if it works out I'm real happy for you know you deserve
it and all that other stuff just don't get married don't worry buddy the
ashes of James doing or else dohan I'm sure it's dohan but I like it I believe it
dohan Jesus what are you guys talking about you said you asked me I said it's
dohan oh like eight months the actually like that that's the thing is
paired up by the way so unless they did something I don't understand it how
gonna keep filling up and then regressing again modern technology yeah the
actions of James Dewen who played the engineer Mascotti an original Star Trek
series Montgomery Scotty Scott I never knew the rest of his name Scotty be me
off Scotty have been loaded into a rocket that's it launched into Mexico later
this month oh how lovely the remains of Dewen dohan Mercury astronaut Gordon
Cooper and some two and others were loaded into the rocket Friday by Charles
Chaffer Chaffer executive of Celeste say Texas comedy that contracts with
rocket firms to send cremated remains in the space and we're ready to go
Chaffer said after inserting the silver canister Jerry Larson present
Connecticut based UPR space in said the rocket will be launched April 28th
families paid 495 bucks to have a few grams their loved ones ashes placed on
the rocket Chaffer said he's aware of the dedication of Star Trek fans there's
no doubt we'll find a way to accommodate fans who travel here and want to be
part of that experience he said dohan died in July of 2005 he was 85 believe me
that's old enough unless of course it's me we're talking about 95 sounds better
remains a Star Trek creator Gene Roddenbury were blasted in the space in 1997
blasted in the space and it's not like I don't know you know what it sounds like
to me what's that like it's just about everything else connected with Star
Trek silly you know I mean I thought it was a bad show but like the Trekkies
remember that routine at the William Shandred it about the Trekkies yes
what's wrong with you people don't you have a life what are you trying to say
I have no life and stop at the bull crab what are you doing here he's good
who can either avoid him Shandred I still got you could knock me over with a
feathered us to right now about that thing that global survey the top five
cities in North America for lividability are all in candidate I'm gonna do it
by memory I think Vancouver Toronto Montreal what was after that Ottawa and
Calgary Ottawa who the hell wants to see the people in Ottawa they can't
figure out what they want to be there's not much in truth there is it at
survey are you questioning my Canadian credentials mr's that what you're doing
I mean all five in Canada I mean come on that is absolutely correct see now
we're talking you better get with it we're going to wind up getting deported man
they're gonna send you to the Virgin Islands it's got the rail and wind them up in
Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool I listen to the
radio I just heard balance one to two hours president worse continue to
earth patients his assess will take months not days or weeks
I'm a dancing with the stars I'm dancing with the stars
the hell I'm gonna see the new moves I'm dancing with the stars I'm
everything you do just captivates as you've got such joy you're just such joy
well I must have been the queen of the bankers today well a bank policy is
that we hold a for five days on the air screw you screw you you silly person
you're very five days on on a bm deposits of cash how would you like to hold
everybody's money for five days and make the interest on it and then say oh
okay now you can have it back or some of it whatever you need you know how do
you like to do that pretty good if there's a bigger scam in the universe than
banks anyway let's get off of that we had 11 the 1163 on a pool I think we got
1250 in the sack in El Seco so I just did a little math here and of course it's
probably not accurate but I figured we've got 455 shows left but what was that
like you know that is that including your vacations no no doesn't include
the summer schedule this year or next year so I think when you deduct vacations
and the summer schedule and the days that I'm not working days I feel like
screwing up we got about six shows left oh man and then it'll be time to retire
I don't know all depends on you know what happened and the good thing is that
this thing cleared up again just by by magic did anybody came in there and say oh
we did this or the phone company did anybody do it no no so what so what's my
poor engineer gonna show up here I mean you know he's a nice guy I'd be glad to
see him you know but what's he gonna show up here tomorrow morning before the
show for because he's if it sounds like this and if it if it maintains the
sensational quality that you two sound like right now and also during a break
then what do we need any engineers sticking their finger in it well remember
that it started to sound good yesterday like it does now right well what what
would that see what it sounds like to me is like a loose wire somewhere you know
I mean if you ever had a speaker where the speaker wire was loose yes yes any
here like in a cousin and out and cutting in that's what it sounds like of course
you can't hear it because it sounds just fine where you are 455 shows
seriously during the next break I'm gonna figure out the because I get seven
weeks vacation a year I'm gonna get it and then we'll have Eric you know how
he's got the countdown what has he got on there now I never look at our home page
which is a very sad thing I got my own private page I never look at that page
that's what Mark Foley said I never look at no pages not no mole yeah I
likely story oh look at that there's Brady Quinn looking really really really
hot and shaving man and there he's again looking really shaving although I don't
think that one he looks too um not just muscular but like I don't know like a
freak in that second picture the top one where he's on the phone holding the
football he's not talking to me no way now what am I looking for on there the
countdown well there's an antsy grace with a big face I like that now don't you
miss what you never involved in putting that stuff on there anyway worry no
not really I mean I put up a few picks but nothing no the very bottom on the
home page he's got what works got the five six why don't we do that that big
signer with Neil Rogers five sixty my picture on there with those old that's
a bad old picture that's bound that forever I'm gonna tell you something I don't
know what year that was from but I will say this to you is as ancient as I am
now he's supposed to stop me right there don't be talking about that you didn't
do it did you no oh why do you think I'm ancient no come on give me an
honest answer don't suck around like Chris always do not yet give me an honest
answer ancient or not ancient come on you can do it say you're like right in
between yeah getting close to ancient right yeah anyway time remaining on
Neel's contract one year eight months twenty seven days ten hours fifty five
minutes and fifty one fifty one seconds now that's interesting because I wonder if
the second thing refreshes on the bottom I doubted huh isn't that just a joke he's
that a put on well let me see I just tried it and it says yeah 12 seconds oh
man that is pretty spiffy you know some people do that for their vacations you
can put your vacation countdown like on your on your page you know this is
this is even more exciting one year eight months twenty seven days ten hours
fifty four minutes and twelve seconds but who's counting and then when you're
refreshing the only promise when you refresh it you got to go all the way
school down the bottom again now it's fifty three minutes and forty three seconds
it's actually a counter it's count man there's no clock there but it's countenance
ticking away ticking ticking ticking you know like McDonald's Kerry would say like
sands through the hourglass so are the days of our lives Chris look at him he's dead
nine I used to watch that show a hundred years ago you're pretty I think I'm
cured of soap operas I think that's one thing it's as advanced it I do watch
guiding lights some days if I'm really bored and I don't want to eat too much ice cream
I think today I'm going for bastard robins that sound good nice rocky road
and I said hot fun Sunday and rocky road three scoops thank you
I mean I could get two scoops but and some people say well you're real pig you
don't need to your diabetic and your fat you know and plus the weight's been
coming back on lately you know that's a good point well it doesn't seem like
you care
well what do you mean by that I mean you were so happy you were so close to one
seventy and now we're like pushing back to the one ninety well I'm
addicted to ice cream today I don't understand I'm addicted to sugar just like
you're addicted to sex with your Russian girlfriend I'm addicted to sugar
okay if I had a choose between never having sex again or never having sugar
again do you think it's even any contest no unless maybe it was my friend from
last summer in Berlin well that's quite a story oh man I keep alluding to it
but I'm not telling a story on here but nevertheless there was just there's
some things that happened in your life that I would put it in this in this
way a once in a lifetime experience you know what I mean yeah that's what that
was that was just one one of those things you know I mean you've probably seen a
few of those things maybe I do oh yeah eleven seventy three on a pool now what
that was I just talking about all about the countdown I don't know never say
never that's what I do because I changed my mind every five minutes see one
think about when your legendary your entire change your mind whatever how you
feel like it he wears Jesus robes and a neon blue halo looks like democratic
presidential candidate Barack Obama is causing a stir at a Chicago art school
he looks about as much like Barack Obama is I look like Willie Nelson okay me
just just silly it's got a picture here and undergraduate soon yeah now you
put this oh and look at that I have never seen that before in my life it's a
French word obviously a French expression you put this story under do you pay
any attention to it just not not really an undergraduate students paper
mache it's spelled PAPIER mache Papier mache I mean have you ever seen that
printed out like that before in your life no papier mache sculpture of a
Bama's a misy and a figure which of course he is entitled blessing went on
display Saturday the downtown gallery run by the school of the art in
studio Chicago by Monday word of the piece had spread on political blogs and the
school have been flooded with calls David Cordero 24 made the sculpture for a
senior show after noticing all the attention of Bama's received since he
first he's running for the presidency while he's not hitting he's running all
of this is a response to what I've been witnessing and hearing this idea that
Barack is sort of a potential savior who might come and absorb the country of
all its sins Cordero said in a lot of ways it's about caution in assigning all
these inflated expectations on one individual and expecting them to change
something that many hands have shaped Obama's campaign work Monday the
distance the senator from the artwork while we respect first amendment rights and
don't think the artist is trying to be offensive senator Obama is a rule isn't
a fan of art that offense religious sensibilities so to my most spoke
spokeswoman Jen sockie PSAKI sockie Pissake Croidero said the school had
fielded plenty of calls about his work some of them from angry people you
also said you heard from a few potential buyers Bruce Jackie that's a good
poll either you had that about the girls who will go all the way in the first
date are they a slut you know yeah and listen that doesn't mean that they're not
a good time but somebody want to bring home to your mom you know call your call
your mom would like you to bring home maybe mom is a horny who knows maybe mom
would like to like kind of share you know who the hell knows bring home to mom
what kind of expressions meaning like you don't want her to be your girlfriend
why not just you know your your son other would you call and has to be like a
little more boring a little more pussy is that what you're saying no not at all
she just can't be a hoe well what do you know for show what a low low Croidero said
the school that field of play calls about his work some of them from just leave
that right there some of them from angry people he also said he heard from a
few potential buyers Bruce Jenkins Dean of the art schools undergraduate
programs in response to the peace part of a student exhibit has been mostly
positive he said people should take a closer to the sculpture and the context
that was created before judging it when you see it you spend time with it you
understand it's not a pervacative work at all Jenkins said it opens a set of
questions the arts diocese Chicago hadn't seen the work as a BSDF noon couldn't
comment so one of their spokesman the piece comes amid Catholic outrage in the
York the Levy and art gallery cancelling that exhibit featuring a six foot tall
nude and in time of the correct chocolate sculpture of Jesus that was the one
that had the chocolate penis artist Kaseymo Cavalero said Saturday's received
threats as a result of the sculpture called mythweet lord Cavalero said the
controversy spurred thousands of email messages from people offering help
donations and exhibition space well my sweet lord sounds like that Phil Henry
but there and their macadon Jesus again are you sure probably because it's
Easter time you're by Zatenem chocolate candies all the middle Easter bunnies
and stuff I would say of all the holidays that for now almost Chris is a
opinion about that I don't know how many dates Chris actually had this the last
10 20 years well as my opinion on which part of it on what the Josh is the
propaganda he's peddling here peddling smells smelling about if a girl puts out
on the first day she's a whole listen but I want to be clear I want to be clear
that that doesn't mean clear that you know to be she's not a good time you
don't continue to hang out with her it's just not somebody you you know get in
a relationship way you know I'm saying yeah I've had plenty of girls but I've
hammered on the first day and I you know they just hammered on the first day
right what kind of hammered huh I just don't take you know there's no relationship
that yeah well what kind of relationship do you need okay if she's really
great in the sack and isn't just a money grab and bitch what is it need to be
more complicated that wouldn't satisfy your every need or you one of these guys
it's gonna have like you got to have some chicken you are all the time you know I
don't know no well then what's the big deal then what's the big
simmiss that's just how I feel it's my opinion Chris okay I asked him and you
interrupted because you obviously don't want to give him a chance to make up an
I mean give an answer I think it's more of a it depends on who the girl because
you know sometimes things happen and it just that's right and sometimes the
guys tend to be a little bit more forceful too I'm not gonna say like
rap or stuff like that which of course we have horror on this show and anybody
are reasonable to us but I'm talking about you know being a little bit more
worked up and like forcing the matter you follow what I'm saying even an old
bag like me it figures that those things occasionally could possibly happen you
see what I'm saying what do you say well I'm saying so in other words a few
succumbs to your pressure does that make her a whole yeah the first time we go
out I'd say yes and most of the guys listening right now are one one no
what her name is
she's your buddy
time my video presents theater montchis sing along song over 60 of your favorite
sing along song on three fun loving videos or gdd
this is an exclusive tp offer so call now for this priceless collection
this woman can only why don't we get drunk and drunk
okay one nineteen and five sixty wqm now let's see I'm trying to compose this
pool for tomorrow personally says your hand personally I like a woman who
knows what she wants so if we hook up on the first night that lets me know
she's in control of herself in confident or she's just a horror or she's a
personal personally confident or whatever okay so here's the pull I'm gonna
need some help from you ahead of us on this I girls who go all the way on the
first date are pose I put that down for you now do I have to put in a positive
being there I guess I don't know yeah why not how about the best okay like
the best right sluts okay the difference yeah these sluts you can you know put
up a couple of slangs on there but they're like the same option I don't care
sluts well it's not gonna be that easy to come up with that many different terms
you'll see I'm the old pool builder here mr. I'm the one at sledge in
during okay so just give me a little uh flack and slack here well give me some
other suggestions that draw our uh rare yes rare rare well maybe your
experience maybe not maybe there's a lot of girls out there that was just
dying who these croc clawing at your body but I doubt it they are rare why huh
what's another one uh drunk drunk that's good of course that you know they
weren't drunk to begin with that that's always play him with a little bit of
booze baby that's right you know what that's the secret ingredient is that
what it is I see about in fact relationships you don't have to get a guy drunk
well I don't know nothing about that well I'm just that's why I'm telling you see
out because I figured you wouldn't know nothing about that that's why I'm telling
you because even though you never gonna have to deal with that anymore then I'm
gonna have to deal with all these drunk in a hose that are like you know spread
in their legs on the first date it's just one of those things although booze
anybody up let's see more she is bugging me here that let's see oh just want a
good time that's not bad he's all whipped up about this one of my correspondence
out there just want a good time yeah see there aren't that many choices are
there desirable are what I'm looking for there we go I like that what I'm looking
for there what's wrong with that is not a good choice pretty good yeah I know my
pull-up choices mister okay this may not be my area of expertise to say the very
very least but nevertheless how about disgusting there would be some some
guys would say disgusting that's just it's just too much too soon and just turns me
off makes me want to vomit that ain't me well I know that ain't you and I hate this
pull that's what I got so far I'll think about it I'll give it some very very
serious thought that's a good pull in it yeah thanks and we got to thank Josh
Cordis for that because he was the one that we got this whole big son of dance
about his Russian girlfriend and how they went out four or five times before
finally finally I mean I mean isn't there the anticipation when you meet
somebody new on the first night that maybe maybe you just might get lucky or
you're hoping that all well hope she's really a nice girl I could take home
to mom and she's sure not gonna do that tonight yeah don't get me wrong when I
the for our first date I was hoping I'd get home and get to see her cash and
prizes but you know it didn't work out that way and but you were hoping we had a
really good time hoping that she was a whole sure when you first need a girl
that's what what else is on your mind besides the physical aspect I don't know I
couldn't even begin to imagine love 194 votes on the pool we're gonna get to
12 something Chris can relax he can slump back in a chair okay posture just
miraculous the way this thing cleared up again I mean it takes all the I guess
they figured I probably couldn't handle four-star hours it's probably like the
Chinese water TV in the water torture drip drip drip something what they're doing
to me let's see Dean says I'm confused your little buddy in the studio says that
a woman who slips with on the first day to the whole and it's such not somebody
would have a relationship with if she slips with on the first day and he's
sleeping with her what does that make him that make me a man or manhole manhole
oh manhole welcome oh don't let that guy hear that the one that's got the
house for you he is hot on your tail man I'm telling you whoever that queen is
what I'm gonna have to do is when I have when I have some spare time from all
my my space high jinx and low jinx on there I don't know when that's gonna be
because I'm going on vacation but I will find that guy because he sent me an
email about you one day I don't know a couple weeks ago okay it wasn't it wasn't
just Chris fun about the Chris is disappeared by the way off the face of the
Earth so yeah I love the intro message yesterday or something yeah he sent me
about six words yesterday and replied and he read it and you know that was it
maybe he's busy yeah see it's well let me if you want to get into a
conversation about that I have some people I don't know how many say about a
half a dozen because I don't really correspond with that many people on there oh
I don't know let's say eight or 10 that I'm very confident I don't have to worry
about whether they reply or not right away because I know that they're always
gonna be there maybe not right now maybe whatever you know what I'm saying they're
always there and when did you come to this rationale what do you mean by that but
why did you stop worrying about having to worry about certain people no I didn't
say I stopped then there are those people that I don't know really like I'm
just gonna make an admission on here I mean I look we're all human we don't
know who down those most of these people like I told yesterday I know one
person we have how many 1340 for friends I never got one that I know out of
1304 I mean I mean plus anybody I knew before head of time knew personally
but I'm just talking about from from the show but Mike from FSU I even asked
about him a couple days ago I said yeah I was remember I was talking about I
wonder where people are that used to like confagulate with me yeah getting on
there and blah blah blah I mentioned him because he used to be fairly regular and
good kid he's from a Cooper City high so it can't be all bad and then sure enough
later that afternoon there's a message from Mike from FSU which is that I thought
that nice and he tells me that he's going to Europe to study for six weeks in
the summertime and then you know well what advice can I give him because he's
never been anywhere you know which believe me all I can say is anybody it's
going to Europe for the first time you're gonna say one thing oh right yes
some unless you really stupid it's either the stalker player in North Florida
or is that his honest I got news for him and if I was confabulating with my
buddy Mark who just broke his leg no this is just a just a listener why does
everybody have to be somebody who's hot is that one of the current is that
going back to this pole again gay no he's he's not gay and he's not he's okay
he's like good looking kid that I'm a Zemaki happy I didn't mean him but I'm
just telling him that because he's like you know what is this all about I don't
want to go there because it's just silly but anyway so I was giving him some
lengthy advice about London and about Amsterdam and about he's got to take a
weekend because he's one of his lifelong ambitions is to do with Amsterdam well
if you're in London you're right across the North Sea it's a 25 minute flight
once you get in the year it's 25 minutes in the year or you can take the what
you call it the ferry or the ferry as a new ferry or whatever so I'm sending
him a ride and he I had sent him three messages and he read them all but he
didn't respond now I don't know about you I mean if somebody doesn't read your
messages at all that that's a bad sign but if somebody reads three messages and
you're you know giving them information and they don't respond with me I
start to give like a little so last night I wrote him a message and I said so
question mark like you know is the information useful and I like yeah because I
have a tendency as some people out there know to get over involved and try to be
over helpful in the audio whatever other to say to worry too much yeah you you
definitely worry too much since you've asked to get for my closest correspondents
on there you and I do that's me that's inherited from my mother but at any rate
so last night I get a long very nice email for my buddy and he's been he's
going to some fraternity which they'll probably want to pacing him and kill
his ass and he's just studying for a final whatever and he you know he was very
apologetic in the audio and it was a very long email which I enjoyed those you
know because it's actually said something so you see it just goes now what
did that all come from my Dave mentioned that because you asked me about Chris when
somebody when somebody keeps vanishing for days at a time who was very much
involved in during the show and listening and requesting this and that and
involved with George and then like Chris Christopher I don't know so we'll see
tomorrow when shows up that that's my suggestion for both you guys because
allegedly she's going to feed you I don't know what she's going to feed you
several days ago I commented briefly on some recent statements that have been
made by some members of Congress about Iraq and it's important to make this
point at the outset the president of the United States purposely misled the
American people on pre-war intelligence American soldiers and Marines serving
in Iraq go out every day into some of the most dangerous and unpredictable
conditions these brave Americans were sent into battle for a deliberate
falsehood pre-war information was distorted to corrupt the oil for food
program there is no denying that the president lied to the American people this
is revisionism of the most corrupt and shameless variety it's also something I
enjoy it's one of the reasons I've stayed in the business and I believe the
feeling is probably the same for most of us in public life the president and his
administration hate our country and hate the liberties for which we stand
here they dwell in the shadows have no regard for the laws of warfare and feel
unconstrained by any standard of morality the president of the United States is
dishonest and reprehensible and none of us should want it any other way
absolutely very much okay my correspondent Brandon once in a minute he says
if a girl gives it up on the first day she isn't really a whole what if that
day she's just playing hornie and she thinks you're hot that's great that's
what you hope for but I'm just saying I wouldn't date her as like my girlfriend
she's my opinion also it says what is a guy who gives it up on the first day
I don't know if he's talking about that's the being being the bisexual guy that
he is I don't know if he's talking about a guy who gives it up to another guy or
guy who I don't think you look at it as a guy is giving it up to the chick I don't
think so I mean who knows I guess if you have a big ego you might think that
huh no and anyway it's a good pull and thank you so much it's about time I'm
waiting for it there's there there might be more okay no no that's a little private
little private to information forget about it Brandon I don't share speaking of
all this sexual business that you turn the show into leave it to you man where
did this come from it actually came from me asking about your Russian girlfriend
which was probably very inappropriate but it turned out to be interesting because
that's all people really care about is they're getting laid and stuff like that all the
rest of it is just haven't I always said that have a good time baby enjoy life all
the rest of it is bull crap okay and lesbian students will not be admitted to
Jerusalem is checked to a medical seminary the medical school of conservative
movement in Israel following a decision by the seminaries dean rabbi doctor
aint it a Ramon in December the world conservative movement decided to permit
the ordination of homosexuals Ramon's announcement came a day after the
movements flag a flagship educational institution New York's Jewish
theological seminary moves to admit gay and lesbian rabbinical school
applicants and he's planning her decision Ramon decided the historic
centrality of heterosexual unions to Judaism she said that Jewish law did
and does unconditionally oppose sexual relations between people of the same
gender and that sector accepts only those students who are committed to an
observant lifestyle in other words oh I'm sorry that rabbi Ramon who was a
feminist had enjoyed the option afforded the women to become rabbis is not
continued to trend begun by Jewish feminism rabbi David Lazar rabbi of the
conservative congregation to Farage alone in the television response Lazar
supports the ordination of gay must be rabbis and gay marriage he said Ramon
does not realize that the institution of the family has developed recently that
many homosexual couples give birth to children well let's see how that's done
hmm I thought that we're gonna say something about adopting children well we
know how that's done don't we Rosie oh in fact I got a Rosie story in here
somewhere oh yeah I'm trying to huh I can't stand it say that one despite an
avalanche of criticism from the right talk to your host Rosie O'Donnell you
fairy is pressing on with her calls for continued investigation of the events
around the 9-11 at her eponymous blog O'Donnell devotes two whole paragraphs
to the controversial topic two whole paragraphs well I'd be done woo 9-11
affected me deeply as I know it did many Americans O'Donnell blogs the falling
of the twin tower server might mean that many of the assumptions Americans have
about their lives are rooted in false feelings of security in light of this
reminder I began doing exactly what this country had its best laws for me to
do inquire investigate America is so great and I'm not gonna read her crack my
god you think I'll waste my time in the audience's time reading this swill it
well I mean even though I may agree with everything that she says it's like
it's like what's it in a little tour bill more bill more the same exactly couldn't
say that any better same crap well when you agree with most of what he says
well big deal okay he's still a twerp he gets out my nerves and he's a sell-out
and last time I saw him on it with your suspended friend he was rationalizing
the fact that he brings and culture on his show all the time because she's so
entertaining he's a horror just like all the rest of his business business
being a horse the only difference being that I've admitted it for a zillion years
okay we're all paid a horse that's what the media businesses all about
not all these Jewish stories on here now I guess it's because it's pay saw that's
right guess what areas the trap top draw in South Florida for Jewish residents
point and beach the fully stock grocery house of kosher in typical Jewish
foods lots of all mixed white fish and pike 10 ten crackers the bustling
city dogs planning on going expansion the tiny mizzes holding Hebrew and
Skrag Parkman a fixed on door frames a mizza on your door frame is a must
unless you want a burn and hell these are subtle signs of the fence is going
Jewish community in Florida quietly in French in around point and beach where
the number of Jewish households grew 63% from 1999 to 2005 it's a much higher
it's a big mizza a 2005 study conducted by University of Miami-Demographer
Irish Eskin and conjunction with the Jewish Federation of Palm Beach County
and the Jewish Federation of South Palm Beach County revealed a greater
point in the areas explosive Jewish growth the Jews are exploding baby it was
the first time both and of course I have a very I have a very bad line about
that and the Arabs are probably pretty pleased to hear about it that's bad
when that bad no if you're never said that the Jews are exploding the Arabs are
pretty excited but anyway it was the first time both the relations conducted
simultaneous demographic studies that painted a holistic picture of the
counties 254,000 Jews that's Palm Beach County close to 60,000 and live in
greater point and beach more than the population of Wellington in terms of
the concentration of Jews that's a bad term to use by the way she's can in terms
of the concentration of Jews it's enormous many of the areas rabbis like rabbi
shalom cement of Habad Lubavitch of Greater
Boyton, plain Boyton Beach is the highest country in the concentration of Jews
outside Jerusalem given Boyton Beach's smaller population compared to
metafounta areas like New York it's easier for there to become more densely
Jewish as it grows he said we began brick by brick Jew by Jews said cement
came from Brooklyn to establish the Sungang Guzni years ago we're right now
splitting it our seams okay maybe quitting so much damn fattening deli might help
a little bit okay rabbi good I think that's gonna be a weiner of a poldamore
in the good part of it is we got a short show Mullins in 1230 tomorrow
Oh it's a good thing I turned back on the CNN you see that multiple shots fired
inside the CNN Center complex in Atlanta oh I sure hope what blitzbrie wasn't
there
well in second thought
I think we have to find out what this is all about don't you yeah of the CNN Center
we ended up I ended up you know running towards the front of the restaurant and at
that point people were saying we've heard gunshots we've heard gunshots as I was
moving Atlanta police were showing up at the same time they had closed down the
there is a very large hallway an entryway that leads between the Omni hotel the
CNN Center the CNN Turner store and the McCormick Schmidt restaurant they had
closed down that area there we were able to come around the vittice that you are you're seeing
we were able to come around into the into one of the newsrooms and look back as they had
they were working on two individuals who were down we all we have heard from people who were
there were that it was some sort of argument between a male and a female right now as someone saw
a guy coming down the escalator with a woman in front of her and then they were shot in a
cat and Laura I guess you're seeing this video now but help us understand this is new video we're
all just seeing here for the first time please help us understand exactly where that is and what
we're seeing you are right now this is looking back at this this entryway that that goes between
the escalators that lead into the Omni hotel and the area that leads into the Turner store well
how do you like that it's a damn good thing I turned back over there they're not shooting anybody
they're MSNBC see that well here's a message for you as a matter of fact Josh okay you sure got more
fans out there on the damn my space than I do I'll say that for a surface to get he says just
because they go away for a day or two you get all excited and start ripping me an ass on the
ear trying to get me to send you a message while it works yes he works every time then he says
good to hear Josh on the ear makes me think about tying him down and molesting him while his
girlfriend how do you like that oh some strange be out there you know they know this is out of my
territory okay if the girls go all the way in the first night not does something I have any
experience or knowledge or interest in one way or the other whoops so anyway branded also says
is for mr. Joshua over there what if the horny girl who gave it up on the first date is a really
good girl and could be a great relationship would he pass her up only because she gave it up on the
first day yes and again I'm not saying that I wouldn't you know be with her whatever I just wouldn't
take it seriously I'd be with other chicks as well kind of thing you know what I mean
so in other words you could never under any circumstances possibly take such a female seriously
I wish you try to tell us I'd say probably nine out of ten no nine out of ten well so in other
words you want that tenth one is the one you're looking for forget about the other nine well
and yeah work your work your way along past them it's all kind of a move point now because
Joshua's spoken for you guys out there whether it's Christopher or then another on the name guy
everybody wants your ass now man that's really amazing or some part and also there's a follow-up
here your your good close friend see tomorrow's gonna be the big day we'll see if Gwen shows up he says
seriously I've always loved Eastern European women and women from the former Soviet Union so
incredibly hot he doesn't say incredibly he has the effort in there shame on you man wash your mouth
out with with Listerine and mr. clean and viscene anyway I know he also wants to know where
his ticket is to come to Toronto to be my nurse made it would be bad having somebody here to rub
my shoulders during the show don't you think yeah if I were legendary I'd have a check you know
rubbing the shoulders fanning me off doing what doing what off every Friday evening this is from
Berlin oh am I gonna close out the show today with a story from Berlin wow I'm I'm I'm and then
I'm top of all the sexual stuff like me arouse but I doubt it not in my advanced age see there I go
again early Friday evening Connie Gerroge and her 60-year-old daughter Alisa each like two candles
raise their hands to their closed eyes and we send an ancient Hebrew prayer to welcome the Sabbath
Baruch Hatta Rdoai Kaksahoyes Connie's has been sick freed 42 blessings the wine and bread while
his father Gerhard 94 year old Holocaust survivor sings from his prayer book at the head of the table
I wonder if the table is the maybe that's where they took the square table to Berlin
an ordinary Sabbath would celebrate an unexpectedly vibrant Jewish community the fastest growing
in the world according to the world Jewish Congress Germany even faster than point and beach how
do you like that I think that's a good full question too where would you rather spend the rest of
your life in Berlin or in point and beach oh let me think about that for about a quarter of a second
this Passover German Jews like the Gerotians are displaying a new self-confidence about their
future in the country that would live within living memory perpetrated the Holocaust don't forget
the Austrians by the way they loved it just ask Arnold Hiltide 20 years ago this would have been
impossible in Berlin said Gerroge a real estate agent born and raised in the German capital but
today we have an amazing Jewish infrastructure with kosher butchers bakers Jewish schools and
several synagogues lead to roaches three generations of German Jews living under one roof are immersed
in Berlin's Jewish community life he's on the board of one of the major synagogues in Berlin's
charlotte in bird district his daughter and son Joshua four go to Jewish kindergarten and elementary
school and his wife Connie 42 keeps her kosher kitchen at home all he may I guess there's no
bratwurst in that house unless it's from kosher pigs how could you live in Berlin I'd enjoy
bratwurst oh man all those delicious worsts since the German government since the German
government realized immigration laws for Jews following reunification in 1990 tens of thousands
I see I know I shouldn't have even tried to tackle this story I get so emotional about Berlin you know
just one of those things don't know we all have those I mean you're not old enough either one of
well money yes you are anybody's old enough you know if they had experiences to have that in your
memory bank and every now and then just kind of like tickles your fancy shmancy since the
German government realized immigration laws for Jews following reunification in 1990 tens of
thousands of Jewish migrants have come here mostly from the former Soviet Union according to
central council of Jews in Germany estimated quarter million Jews now live in the country with
some 110 thousand of them registered religious community members we before 1990 there were only 23
thousand Jewish community members in Germany in 2005 more Jewish immigrants came to Germany than
to Israel said Stephen Pramer oh hey they general secretary of the central council without
immigration most of the Jewish communities would not exist anymore he said adding that about 200
thousand Jews left the former Soviet Union for Germany since the fall they are in curtain in 1989
cosmopolitan affordable Berlin in particular has become a magnet oh yeah home to several
thousand young Israeli expats and hundreds of American Jews prompting talk of a Jewish renaissance
in a place where famous Jews like Albert Einstein or artist Max Lieberman once lived it did
Berlin is got by far the biggest Jewish community with 12 thousand registered members in eight
syndicats followed by Munich with 90 to 100 and recently opened synagogue committee center in
Jewish museum the numbers are still a far cry from Germany's flourishing Jewish community five
hundred and sixty thousand and it's culture and intellectual prominence before they third
rice as George Bush what he thinks of the third rice still says rabbi Hayam was
swatsky it's a miracle that Jewish people are coming back to resettle in Germany since Hayam
the orthodox rabbi from Long Island came to Germany nine years ago with the American Ronald
Laudrathon based in which for mostly reconstructed Jewish institution Germany and central in Eastern Europe
nothing like it Germany baby you can laugh at me all you want Tom Tony right now just write it down
on your armpit just embroider it in your brain there ain't no place like Germany I'm sorry I'm
again I forget about Hamburg I didn't like all that much and Frankfurt fat oh my god what a
schmutzie nasty place that is Frankfurt so you got to written down colon and Berlin for your next
European trip okay good good bye feel the heart man bring did you win and you will a real good guy
that has so much more to give but you can't read a psychotic bitch the drink of finger got his
it's but the good news is that cheap blue herself away because everybody knows that in LA
they let murderers walk every day another last her house died thanks to your psychobic wife who had
the stupid things like a news radio was a major except that you were there and some characters
from the sims and laws their boys and for more that than your life would have lasted long but she
let you know joy good I joy the floor that you may know from such films as I sorry that
I'm a murderer mom has a gun and honey I just blew your head off now Lionel Huss can't get
the reason you left anyway and it sucks that you die because of your psychotic life with that stupid
name like brin and the sims and will never be the same again I'm dying over here and I
so's like your best friendship box on ride it's a good thing she's there because now they can't defend that bitch you had for a while
bye bye bye
to grab a spot now 560 0560 or 560 if you're a Verizon or a senior wireless customer if you're a
corporate time stealing weasel you can email the show at maddog at wqam.com now a man whose toes are
tingling whenever the green lizards are around it's the mad dog she managed on sport 20560 qam
all right sports fans very afternoon welcome to show command to cheer on this Tuesday April 3rd 2007
reporting live from Augusta Joja that's where we're at a whole lot going on in town as the masters
gets underway this Thursday and let's see Johnny Coppe is back at home base you heard Ken
Maulden on the update Purdue and ducy Lang also contribute to the show and work written form
and we hear from captain Curtis Stevenson that he is on his way back from Atlanta and we'll be back
to tomorrow and back on the air on Thursday 567 all 560 that's how you reach us here on show
his gorgeous up here by the way a little slice of heaven the perfect piece of real estate
at the perfect time of year great tradition great history this is this is 28 years in a row
coming up here and covering this great event the masters but I suspect what we're going to be
talking about at length today is the ball game last night and the Florida Gators one wonders is
there any is there any college in america that wants big time championships other than Florida
goodness gracious we've done this before man two basketball championships so lots of champagne lots
of orange lots of blue and you got to give billy donovan and the Florida Gators tons of credit
they became just the seventh basketball team ever to repeat as champions and you know what makes
this one special I think is the decision I guess it's the class of oh four they they call
themselves the oh fours because a brewer Noah and green and a whorford they could have earned
millions of bucks and they they could have grabbed the cash and run but they didn't they decided
to stay in school play for each other there was a real bond there was a real common thread and
and of course you know you got to throw in that three of the guys know are green and whorford
come from privilege they have uh moneyed families and uh brewer does not but um just another championship
and the game really was not close um Ohio State would make a little bit of run they close it to five
they close it to seven and then kaboom big three point shot by one of the Florida Gators five six seven
five sixty that's how you reach us here on the show so our participation question of the day
we're gonna make it a two-part question and it relates to billy donovan the head coach of the Florida
Gators he has now won two championship back to back and does he have the goods if his career were
to end today would you consider him hall of fame material does he belong amongst
michael shefsky john wooden bobby night eight off rough do you see him in that way
and a lot of people would dismiss him and say well he gets good players well all of those teams
under night under wouldn't had great players so you got to give the coach the credit for assembling
but i said it was a two-part question if you'd like to call five six seven oh five sixty that's
how you reach us if you've got the cellular device simply hit pound five sixty is billy donovan
hall of fame material he's one two and i think i heard in the telegast cast or maybe it was the
post game uh last night that every other college coach that has two championships is in the
fall of fame did you hear that johnny coke is that factually correct as far as i know it's a
shesky wooden going all the way back shesky wooden bobby night that's part one is he hall of
fame material and of course the other question is Kentucky's going to make a run it billy
