We are the Banana Republic, baby. Only in Miami.
Won't tell your story.
I thought of who none knows.
Shin is that the prettiest?
And is that the smile?
Oh, two throats, nine, fifty-six.
You could say they died alive!
Rosie, big fat lesbian loud-roasting.
The attacks and the sentient pure Christian illness of African women.
The disease is all disgusting.
Both inside and out, you take a look at her, she's a slob.
She talks like a truck driver.
He's mad again!
Rosie's the loser. You know us and I know us.
Oh, not a woman!
Oh, not a woman!
Oh, not a woman!
Oh, not a woman!
Then they kicked me out for this, and I had no talent.
I have no vengeance towards the company.
I'm simply happy about the fact that it is finally over.
I'd like to know what's in perfected clearing.
Rosie, enough already.
She'll fail because ultimately she's all about failure.
I'm a baby, I'm a baby, and you!
Let's be an ormidwester.
All right, team Reveal!
This is the kind of thing a girl does that she's very lovely.
Or a lesbian.
It's 10-0-2 at 5-60 WQM, Happy Wednesday, June 13, old bean.
Wow, tomorrow's vacation day starts.
So, I'm going to fly.
George will be on the one talking about David Chase.
Oh, dear, I...
And ripping the hell out of that last episode of the soprano.
Right, so what happened? Nothing in general.
Nothing, yeah, right. Nothing happened.
What's to talk about?
Oh, I'm so glad.
You know, sometimes in life you make the right decision.
That's right.
You've got to be doing a joys here any minute.
I totally agree with you.
I know you warned me.
About 20-10, I said to George Ancriss, I said,
Nature just didn't work out well for me this morning.
And I have a feeling the timing is going to be like, I don't know.
And that'll give you plenty of time.
I'll quit not that much time.
You know how freaking this in life can be in it.
That's right.
But another few seconds to bitch about David Chase
in the last episode of the soprano.
Well, I'll just save it for Friday.
We got much more important face to Friday today.
We got somebody who died.
Somebody very important celebrity.
But I think before that I may have to go running the other room.
This is bad timing.
Yeah, it is.
Wait for the break for Christ's sake.
Where's your professionalism?
In my...
That's what I got of your riddle.
Professionalism on this radio station.
That's right.
He's bringing out the great immaterial already folks.
For God's sake.
Where I was.
Professionalism on my fat ass.
Wow.
Mr. Wizard is dead.
Oh no.
Oh my God.
Meet Mr. Wizard.
Hey, Billy, you want to see how friction works?
Oh, that's bad.
That was Mr. Wizard.
That was Mr. Rogers, I think.
Yeah.
He's long since dead.
I think he was...
I don't know.
I just always felt he was a pervert.
He's...
He's scared me out.
He kind of creeped me out.
Yeah.
I mean, that's the same thing wrong with being a pervert, unless of course you've denied.
Unless of course you're doing a show for little kids, you know.
Like, you know, playways, P house.
Don Herbert, who was television's Mr. Wizard, introduced generations of young viewers to the
joys of science, died yesterday.
He was 89.
And if he asked me, that's plenty old enough.
I take 89.
I give me another 25 years of this crap.
25 years is a long time.
Isn't it?
Very long time.
Well, all depending.
Another 20 years.
I mean, snap of the finger.
That's the one message I keep giving all these young punks that I run into all my mind-space,
people, my pizons out there, is that one of these days, you see, here's the way it works.
And I've told you this before, but it's true.
You start thinking about things that happen in your life, and you say, wow, that was like 10 years ago or whatever.
And then all of a sudden, you're thinking about the same period of time.
You said, that was like 30 years ago, you know.
About 30, man.
And then before you know what you're thinking about things that happened 50 years ago, and it's all over.
Wow.
Oh my God, I'm old.
Woo!
There is the best advice I can give to all you young punks out there, don't ever get old.
Pulled back the hands of time.
Just reach out, stretch out right now.
Do some of them stretch exercises.
And reach right out and hold back the hands of father time.
Because he's a miserable bastard.
Herbert had bone cancer, died at a suburban Belcanian home in California, said his son-in-law, Tim Nicosi.
Yeah, bone cancer.
He really taught kids how to... I guess he didn't have the scientific cure for that or whatever, you know.
Right?
That's bad.
That's how the very insensitive and bad... By me, it's a point, he's supposed to be like a genius.
Even Mr. Wizard couldn't cure it.
He really taught kids how to use the thinking skills of a scientist, said former colleague Steve Jacobs.
He worked with Herbert on the 1980 show that echoed the original 1950s Watch Mr. Wizard series, which became a fond baby boy.
He was a former memory.
Just like me, I'm a baby boomer and I remember it. Just like it was yesterday.
We got our first TV set in 1952.
It was that western house I kept telling you about.
It was a beautiful piece of furniture and the screen folded down into the set, into the furniture.
So it was like a cabinet.
And then it had like a little handle and you lifted up and there would be the screen.
The picture...
Right.
Of course, back in those days you'd have to replace every now and then the picture too, which cost a normal lake.
Cost more than the TV set back then, I guess.
And the horizontal hold would keep...
Remember the days, and can you remember back long enough when they used to have on TV's horizontal hold and vertical hold?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Even both you remember that.
I guess it's not that long ago.
And of course now, if you would have said that to somebody, they said, what's that?
Horizontal hold, the picture is rolling like CCR rolling, rolling, rolling, you know, like that.
Just one more reason I'd like to kill Pete Boulder, the CCR crap.
Although once I started to play my own music, I'm saying at that point that show took off.
I screw you, Pete.
Screw you with your music list. You idiot. You're quizzling.
You're fairy.
Anyway, and watch Mr. Wizzid was produced from 1951 to 64.
We see the P body award in 1954, or as they say Massachusetts and on that show.
Rocky and Bullwinker, Bullwinker, Peebody.
It's Peebody Mass, but it's the P body award in 1954.
Herbert turned TV into an entertaining classroom on a simple workshop like said he demonstrated experiments using household items.
I mentioned Sally Fistler in some of the tools of her trade.
Oh, I do.
What?
No.
Yeah.
Hey kids, you want to see what batteries could do for you?
Wow.
He modeled how to predict and measure and analyze.
The show today might seem slow, but it was in depth and forced you to think along, Jacob said.
You were learning about the forces of nature.
Like Howard Beale said, the forces of nature, you know, that was an hour of Beale said that that was Ned Beatty.
Remember that? You have messed with the...
I'm not even mad at hell.
I don't think I take this anymore.
Oh!
Herbert encouraged children to duplicate experiments at home, said, Jacob, so we counted serving as a behind the scenes science sidekick, Herbert.
He measured on the 80s Mr. Wizard's World that aired on the Nickelodeon channel.
See, it's a good thing this crosses all generations because he was on everywhere.
He was on NBC and he was on Nickelodeon and he was...
He was well, we'll get to the Letterman thing.
When Jacob's would reach for breakers and flasks, Herbert, where he might have made a sense, didn't require special tools.
You could use a mayonnaise jar for that, Jacob's recalled things, tried it by Herbert.
He tried to bust the image of scientists and that science wasn't just for special people in places.
He used a mayonnaise jar for that.
Of course, then he chose some amazing experiments where you'd empty out the mayonnaise and where you'd hide it.
Heard that, Herbert's place in TV history was acknowledged by later stars.
Here's something I didn't know. I bet you didn't either.
When late night, when David Letterman debuted in 1982, Herbert was among the guests on the very first night.
How do you like that?
Mr. Wizard was again, it's a miracle Letterman is still on now as a result of that.
When you talk about desperate, that's worse than even Drew Rosenstein house crants of Burge.
Born in Wacomium, Minnesota, Herbert was a 1940 graduate of LaCrosse Day Teachers College and served as US Army Air Corps pilot during WW2.
He worked as an actor, model and radio writer before starting Wax-Mr. Wizard in Chicago on NBC.
The show moved to New York after several years. He survived by six kids and stepchildren and by his second wife, Norma, and his son-in-law, Private Funeralist Plan for Mr. Wizard.
Let's go there and have an experiment on his grave.
What kind of an experiment?
I don't know, maybe like P on the grave and see if he comes back to life and like watering a plant.
You know, you never know what Mr. Wizard, he always had some magic thing he'd pull out of his pants out of his hat.
So, Don Herbert said, I never really thought about him for many years now and would have thought he croaked a long time ago.
He was 89. I mean 89 isn't that all. I bet you we got people right now listening to him or at least 89, maybe 99.
Maybe? Probably not.
All the old people hate me like poison and of course that's really sad because now I'm one of them.
That used to be my audience.
Boy, I sure ran the gamut in this time. I'll tell you. The gamut. I ran it.
Oh, I think I'm on a way out. See ya.
I ran the gamut from talking to ancient Farts on WKAT in 1976 and 1977.
The median age you are listening audience on that station was death plus 10. Make no mistake about it.
We didn't have anybody listening under the age of 100.
And I remember one night, what a fool I was. I switched with Irv Shinler. Irv used to do like Alvin and him and Shovey Speller.
He used to be on every other night from like 9 to midnight and I was doing middays.
And I said to Irv, how do you like to switch one day? You go on the daytime and talk to my audience and I'll go on it night.
And I was talking education and I thought, well, being on it and they're on the daytime, I can't talk about education because the school teachers
for example won't call in because they're in school. They're teaching, you know.
So I'll go on a night and talk to the school teachers about education and about Yadda.
And you think I'll get a school teacher to call? Of course not. They won't listen to WKAT. Right.
There were no school teachers a hundred years old. Although I had a couple of knives and going to school.
I had good teachers. That's why I turned out to be such a genius.
Here's the poor result. And of course all the female teachers except one or two were old dikes.
We used to call them old maids because back in those days being lesbian wasn't what it is nowadays.
In addition to which even nowadays old lesbians like that, old wrinkled up, prune like lesbians, that isn't what's in, you know.
Being a hot young lesbian, that's what all the straight guys want. They want to be in the middle, you know. They want to be like the...
Like the meat in the sandwich.
I was thinking more like the Oreo cookies, you know. I don't want to use something as grotesque as meat.
Okay, meat. You and your meat. That's right.
1459 votes on speaking of that. The ties right in with that, the meat.
1459 yesterday is full. Can you have a relationship with a girl if she had sex with you on the first date?
I just... I don't even understand the question.
Not not being a header or myself and just fighting all this complicated crap. You know, with me, if it looks good and it's willing, you have a good time.
You know what I'm saying, no matter what it might be, as long as it's of legal age and is willing.
Yes, what's wrong with that? A thousand eighty-seven and most of these people agree. 74.5%. Some goofballs like Josh Corpus who make up crap, you know.
Oh no, I wouldn't want to take her home to mom and I wouldn't want her to be the father of my children, the mother, whatever. The mother of the law of my children.
74.5% said, sure, what's wrong with that? Hell yeah, she'd be a change of pace when I blow up dial another hundred and thirty-eight.
So you add those two together, it's like 84%. I mean, it's no drainer. No, that makes it worse slut. Here's the crap that I find just 130.
8.9%. Now maybe she didn't intend on having sex on the first day, but she was so swept away by your sexuality and your romantic age.
Exactly, there you go. Huh? I mean, you're trying to anyway, so what? You're going to get mad because you succeed?
Right, that's just to be stupid, you know. I'm a girl who likes sex on the first day, 53.
Where are they? I'm a girl who won't date a guy who wants sex on the first day, 51. Well, they're home is where they are all alone.
7% were ladies on this floor, which either, I don't know what that means. Pretty good for us, when you think? Sure, I'll take that.
Pretty impressive. W-I-O-D-O-I hate that stage. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This is Rushwin Ball, serving of humanity, talks to a host, hemorrhoid, sufferer.
Folks, it over 300 pounds. I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you theirs help.
With new Preparation Rush and my Rush to Excellence Suppositories, now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoidal tissue.
Just for my picture on the box of suppositories, have the applicator tube, another fine product from OIV, the obesity in broadcasting network.
The applicator was? Oh, 1017 at 560 WM, happy Wednesday, 2nd, mad dog at 2, power hour with mad dog in the Humper between 4 and 5, Humper solo between 5 and 630.
They're going to bring in 6 tanks of oxygen to keep an uncle until 630. At 630, Marlins on deck, Marlins and the engines at 705 fell by over a game night, whatever it is with any K.
Now what's the story? The Marlins win last night are loose. They won, they said, well, how do you like that?
Against the engines, you might call the Florida Marlins a... But then again, does anybody really care?
Now the reason I played the Rush Limbaugh thing and the WIWD, I hate that station like Poison and Boy do we ever? Don't we hate them like Poison?
Yes. I'm not asking you, you never worked there. Well, I'm not going to tear it right now, sir.
Oh, don't tell me little George went out for a pit stop already. I thought he already had Joyce this morning.
I didn't know what they enveloped in his hand, so you know.
Well, I'm back there. What does that mean? I guess my timing was off. Well, I stopped by the bathroom.
What's that kind of thing with envelopes? Did you make a deposit? Yes. No matter if I did.
You wanted to make a swipe and today a tea room, he made it up to the two deposits. Well, good for you. Well, when you can make in the big bucks that you're making.
Anyway, I just played that Rush Limbaugh about preparation and the Rush thing.
Howard made cancel deal with radio station because it is Rush Limbaugh. How do you like that? Wow.
Rush Limbaugh has long been a thorn in the side of Liberals, right? Scott Wyman in the scum sentinel, but now because of him, some Democratic politicians don't even want to join with a local radio station to broadcast hurricane information.
How do you like that? Is that a fly opener or what? Oh my god.
Uh oh, former White House counsel Harry admirers this to be this a peening a whole bunch of people are in DC.
They got a picture of the White House and see him as breakfast.
In your level people inside the White House top is to president Bush and it is significant because I think there's something that Congress has written to do.
They were saying that if these figures Harry, Myers, Sarah, Taylor and others didn't come before Congress voluntarily.
They would use their subpoena power. Not good. Not time they would step just a little bit past it.
Anyway, getting back to this very important story radio station WIOD AM610 where we used to work like crazy and did a hell of a job back in the day when it was a very popular station and had like all, you know, people in local people instead of opening up the pot and smoking it and just putting on some syndicated right wing crap.
WIOD has been the official channel for emergency information from Robert County government for the past year.
The County Commission, all Democrats, blocked it renewing the deal yesterday, unable to stomach the station also being home to Limbaugh's anxious right wing, propagandized pill popping talk show.
Commissioner Stacey Ritter said she did not want to support the station as out of step with area politics.
Well, support this one, Stacey, okay?
We're political, at least from 10 to 2 anyway. The rest of the day they're just a bunch of right wing jocks sniffing idiots.
Well, I'm sure that Hank is a liberal and an decay who else we got?
Mandage.
Well, why do you do such stupid things?
Why is there say, is there, was there written on your birth certificate?
Yes, your compelled to spirit a Christ compels you to open up your mouth and make stupid sounds with it?
Ritter, a Democratic stalwart in the state legislature before being elected to County office cited talk shows hosted by Limbaugh and Sean Hannity and WIOD's partnership with Fox News.
Oh, God.
They have every right to speak but we don't have to do business with them, she said.
Limbaugh's long-benefixed around WIOD but no County official raised an issue about him or the other shows when the deal was approved for the first time a year ago.
The deal with WIOD would ensure that news conferences are broadcast from start to finish live from the County Emergency Operations Center in plantation.
Emergency managers became concerned during hurricanes in 2004 and 5 that radio and TV stations preempted their announcements in favor of news out of Miami.
Oh, I see, in other words, it's supposed to be Broward.
As opposed to Limbaugh who lives in Palm Beach couldn't be reached for comment.
Ken Charles, WIOD's director of AM programming such as it is, said the station's talk show lineup has got no relationship with its news coverage and that the County should focus on the benefits of teaming with the station.
It's a shame that people would let politics get in the way of saving lives in a hurricane, Charles said.
The contract with WIOD was on the verge of being rejected when commissioners instead delayed a decision till next week.
Oh, brother, now we meet now you because I'll be on vacation.
You got something before to next week. Great. You better read all over this.
Like stink on Joyce.
They told their communications staff they want more information on why WIOD was recommended what their options are.
Ritaz concerns were echoed by commissioners can keep a former president of the WIOD's gay Democratic Club, a gay Democratic Club, and Suzanne Gunsberger who served on the Votaling Board that we counted the 2000 presidential election.
But Commissioner John Rothstrom, a one-time young Republican leader, related became a Democrat, said the County should not politicize emergency management.
I hate to say it, but I think he's right.
I mean, what's politics got to do with where, you know, if people can hear the station? We sure wouldn't want it on this station.
Now with our great AM signal, although we are in stereo. What are we in? We're in HD or HD?
Digital stereo, yeah. And there's like four people in the world that have a radio like that.
And none of them live in South Florida, but none of them know. If they did, they'd hear it really great.
If we're going to start censoring what people write in the paper or speak on the radio or television, that's a slippery slope rock.
And then I said, this is necessary. It's something we need to do for emergency response.
I don't see what the programming content has got to do because I underwent the same kind of crap, you know, the city of Hollywood.
That is correct.
Try to get me off the air in the city of Hollywood. They wanted to put up a big fence to block the signal from getting into, yeah, just stupid stuff.
We needed anything with stupid old farts. Yeah, put up a big fence and we'll block the signal.
Oh, a county task force that looked into the response to Will Melister finding a radio partner among its recommendations last year.
Judy Sarver, the county's public communications director, said WFTO and WLRN also offered to take on the role.
But that she had other emergency planners prefer WIERD because of its signal strength, numerous FM sister stations and moving this to give Broward top play.
Well, there you go. Broward wants to be on top. Of course, date is a bottom. There's no doubt about that.
Because if you live in date, you're going to, you already got in the screw. Make no mistake about that.
Who the hell is in date beside Chris? And a few of our listeners out there, and you know, I understand a lot of you have been kept prisoner in date.
We're sorry for it. We feel for it. We feel your pain. Did I do today's pull yet? No.
And you know something that's not a good idea either, Chris, because you're going to need some real heavy assistance to get to 1000 votes today.
Even though we got a full four hours today on Woodbine Wednesday, no ballgame. Well, we got a ballgame, a natural 630 at night.
We couldn't be playing some last night's Marlon Victory though. That would be good. Since this station is very big on replaying play by play.
Oh, brother. Here's the ball.
It's the 7th.
How big you're putting last night's game. It's kind of boring until the 7th. So you know, no.
Well, that's okay. Aren't they all to baseball?
662 votes is all we got. If we get to 1000 a day, boy, you're going to really have to pull up your fly.
It's going to take quite an accomplishment. Who is Mola overpaid? That's the pull out.
I don't know who sent this. It's not what a Charlie B's. And I looked at it and I thought, hey, that's pretty good pull right there.
You see anything wrong with this pull? Not at all. Although I do take great umbrages to the extent that the 25 people said, I am the most overpaid.
Well, you know what? Hubsan Dread.
Big company CEO is most overpaid. 323 almost half the votes. We resent that bitterly while the poor sluppers that make the products like the people working on the assembly line and Detroit. They're making, you know, what?
A mere 20, 30, 40 bucks an hour. And the big company CEOs are taking all millions, millions. Pro Jocks 178. That was my vote.
Guys that put on a Jocks draft, most of whom are like inarticulate illiterate morons.
178. That's it. I had a lot more than that. A lot more. Actors 47. Lawyers 40. Realtors 32. NEO25 overpaid.
31 and a half years, well 31 years plus of sitting over a lukewarm microphone and trying to entertain them use the South Florida, the hostile crowd, the angry crowd.
25 people say I'm overpaid. You should live so long. It would sound like to me. It sounds like jealousy.
When you say it sounds like the nasty, hateful jealousy. Stockbrokers 10 and Rockstar is only seven. Why is that? Why Rockstar has only seven votes?
Because people think they deserve their money.
Oh yeah, like Justin Tinkerbell. Now he deserves all that money.
No, no. Rockstar on there. Like Bottle? Yeah.
If you want me to continue here to make my point about all the money. No, how about name some ones that you do like?
You have a how about your point? See that's not the point. I know. That isn't the point here.
I mean the good ones deserve whatever they get. That's right. That's the good. There you go.
But because, like you're always saying about because somebody's on television and everybody thinks they're a big superstar.
I don't know. The same thing applies here. In addition to which it's all jealousy.
I don't think we're going to build gates all that money. I just want my slice. That's all. Just give me my slice.
Right. A pecan pie. Don't start with the food today. Oh.
I can't afford to get sick again. No, I have recovered. No, I'm almost coherent today. It's good. So far it's good.
What did he make? It was only business. I always liked him.
Good brother. You've been talking already all day tonight.
You've been talking about sports with he ain't what? That's right.
Well, well, well, well. That's what he did down the night.
No. Oh.
Probe the show.
You know what I'm talking about?
You know what I'm talking about?
Oh, that's not it. I've been.
Oh. Oh.
Probe the show.
Give it up.
Show.
Oh.
Probe the show.
Come on.
I'll break you up.
I'm sitting.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, it's roll.
It's a radio.
It's in the world.
All the radio.
That's what it's called.
It's in the back.
But he sure smelled it.
Much too good, though.
That Kashmir bouquet bath always just turned me off.
Before we get to the crow in the story that you just somebody faxed to us, chicken act,
vulca brine, evidently hide a lawyer.
Good.
So there are asked if you don't get the money by the end of the week.
That's my suggestion.
And his attorney has been talking to our corporate attorney, better known as Charts,
that bitch.
And come to find out from her, she's not the one that vetoed this bit.
And they know it.
So we're going to need to get the Shylock Holmes and Calabra went on this case and find out he done it.
Like before, she probably never even heard the damn thing.
But because these people are terrified of their own shadow,
oh gee, corporate doesn't want you to play that.
Well, and we blamed her for that.
So you owe her an apology.
I thought it was be easily that didn't like it.
Is that what it was?
I thought so.
I thought that's what I heard from you or someone.
You must hear it from somebody else.
Corporate.
Well, corporate can, you know, you usually assume since she makes almost all the decisions for corporate,
including which hand to wipe their ass with, you would assume it was her.
And generally speaking, you do well to assume it's her because she's, she's hateful anyway.
But in this case, it was not her.
Just a little something that, how come George isn't saying it?
What do you want me to say?
Well, I don't know.
You're the one that told me all of this good something.
Yeah, I'm going to touch with you.
And I also said I can get the whole story today.
And you're not going to get a chat today, Brian.
They just told me.
But by the end of the week, who's day that just told you?
Well, Clarence told me a little while ago.
If he don't have that checked by the end of the week, man, the fur is going to fly.
At whatever that means.
I don't know what that means.
We got 688 votes on the point.
You just make threatening sounds.
I get very nervous about that.
Oh, no.
Now, I think I think that she was very, and didn't you tell me that Joyce was very co-phased with the book as a terrain?
Yes, that's the story I got.
Very simple.
Very concord, aesthetic.
In fact, I think just pathetic would describe her really well.
Hey, Joyce, you're fair.
Anyway, so that's the deal.
He's going to get paid.
And of course, ordinarily, unlike a real radio station, people would be wondering,
well, why you tell us that?
Well, it's part of the soap opera that is QAM.
And then we're stuck in the middle of it.
Now, getting back to the crow.
And as the crow flies, this is from the scum's center.
Today, no less.
Back in Japan, 53-year-old Warren Cromarty is ready to wrestle.
Question market says, yes.
Wrestle.
Absolutely.
Always flamboyant on the field.
Warren Cromarty has said to trade his bet for the mat.
It says, the former self-footer radio personality.
Wow.
Radio personality, my ass.
And Montreal Expos Outfielder became a fan favorite in Japan as player manager.
We'll step into the ring Sunday in a pro wrestling event called Hustle Aid.
Is that what that says?
This is a bad cow.
That's what it says.
As part of Tag Team match, he'll face an opponent who walks around with a sword in his mouth
and says he wants to hurt Cromarty.
No.
Sounds like more of that cry.
Better watch that, Brandon.
Thread up your alley.
I have to represent all baseball players, the 53-year-old Cromarty, said yesterday.
I got a reputation here.
I've got my fans in Japan.
So I'm taking this very seriously and I've been training real hard.
I told a long time wrestler, Tagore G. Singh, hopes to injure him, Cromarty hardly flinched.
I'm going to take him out just like I double-played, he said.
I'm going to go from first to third and take him out with a home run shop.
When he played in Japan, Cromarty was involved in a brawler too.
He said that that should prepare him for the weekend.
The 63-year-old Singh was not amused by Cromarty's fore-rated and other sport.
Pro Wrestling is a vicious game, a dangerous game, Singh said.
He should stick to baseball.
I'll teach him a lesson once and for all.
I'll teach him to sing for his sufferers, not like that.
5-6-7.
Oh, 8-5-60.
I think that dropping right there kind of sums him all up.
Let me hear it again.
5-6-7.
Oh, 8-5-60.
Oh, yeah.
6-91 on your full course, you've got about as much chance to make in the thousands of days
I do a finding a million dollars in my machine stuck on the floor would buy.
I like my chances more than yours.
You like your chances?
Okay.
We'll get a grand.
I like my paycheck better than yours.
Yeah, I do too.
You want to switch?
No.
Do I want to switch?
Was that another one of those kind of comments?
Not now.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, and so speaking of Don Herbert.
I don't think he is.
What time is it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's your start in 1951.
Like I said, I used to go down the street.
There was a little girl on the street and her mommy had a TV.
So I guess daddy was dead or something.
I don't know what the deal was.
But anyway, they had a TV like about a year before we did.
So in 1951, I would have been nine years old.
And I'd go down there every afternoon and watch Howdy Doody and whatever else was a cookbook friend and I don't remember what time that was.
So we don't have the theme song for Mr. Wiss.
Was there a theme on the show that must have been?
Wasn't there a theme for everything?
I'm sure there was.
I don't have it though.
But I do have this.
We were talking about this just the other day.
And I will be true of Ernie Kovac.
One of the great comic geniuses of all time, Ernie Kovac.
I know Slippery Highway in New York, a car crash and he was dead.
But I mean he was dead like that.
Bingo, Bingo.
Dead.
Goes around.
And there are other shows in the early 1952, the themes around here for old parts like me.
Hello again.
This is Jack Benny.
Yep.
We are going to explore the world of Golden Television.
A We As Performer shared with you the creative best in our lives.
You saw the performers in your own big ugly glass picture tube.
But one of the reserved radio and television who were able to provide free entertainment of the highest caliber
was the advertisers who paid the bills.
From television city in Hollywood, the Jack Benny program,
with his special guest Dan Daly, Kirk Douglas, Fred McMurray, Tony Martin and Dick Powell,
resided by Lucky Strike.
And last RFT baby, Lucky Strike means fine tobacco.
Those were the days when you can advertise cigarettes on TV, faggots.
Faggots.
Winston Tasequid like a cigarette should.
And the moral role man riding in on the big house.
And Salem with the gillem and all that other stuff.
And the new ports.
I used to smoke new ports when I was in college because it was really gay.
You think straight guys ever smoke new ports?
I sure hope not.
I don't know.
Really bad free image.
The good news is Chris has got 700 votes on his personal pool
and only 28 people say I'm overpaid.
And those 28 people, that's my response to you, okay?
Jellice is a really bad trait.
Were you drudge back at?
Hello and welcome to a coronaphrase.
Harris Hilton, now behind bars,
it will be her home for the next three weeks.
Harris, how was your first full day in prison?
It's a lot of fun.
Really?
I love it.
Really?
A lot.
What's so fun about it?
Tuge and clothes, cages.
Tages?
It's a lot of fun where a playhouse wife.
And I heard you were involved in some kind of three way lesbian thing.
Yes, it was.
Last night.
Oh.
I can't wait to come out.
I heard you made another sex tape.
People keep asking about the sex tape.
I'm really getting f*** off.
It's really rude.
One more person asked me, I'm going to get up and walk away.
Actually, you can't get up and walk away.
So tell us about your lesbian sex tape.
That's all.
Oh.
1045 at 560 WQM, the pain is so great.
We have 714, 714.
That's the quailudes again, isn't it?
That's not lutes.
You know, I never...
You know, I never...
...siviuses.
What I get some, I'll let you know.
Oh.
I'm pretty sure one of them druggy people warned me about that.
That's on the ludes, man.
You better know your drugs, mister.
93 is on my bananza prune, which is not, you know,
already hallucinogen.
It's just for people who hold the farts like me with high blood pressure.
Strong damage is open park church.
Now it's interesting to me that every time there's a big storm as a bunch of churches,
I would think that God, if they were really like on the right team,
that God would protect them, wouldn't you?
Wrong religion.
Oh, and like I said, if they were on the right team, they're on the wrong team.
Tarenchel Donport did more than just soap, brown or county yesterday afternoon.
They seriously damaged an open park church.
The Christola Roca Church.
Christola Roca, 3,000 West Prospect Road, was deemed unsafe Tuesday after heavy rains caused the roof to cave in.
There were an angel, Diaz said.
Angel Diaz, what team did he play for, Chris?
Heck, if I know.
Sounds like either a ball player or a jockey, angel, Diaz.
That's bad.
When the sky clear, the church's gym was nearly destroyed.
What am I laughing about? That's bad.
What's bad?
What's bad about angel, Diaz?
Oh, I don't know.
There's just a thing about all these names that ended in Z.
And I'm saying George, what about it?
I don't know.
Just something about it.
Tuesday's storm brought 1.3 inches of rain to Oakland Park in other parts of Fort Lauderdale.
Nearly 1.7 inches of rain fell over Miami International.
Oh, brother, the Lord is really pissed off.
Maybe that's why all those flights are so hours and hours late.
The last few days, what is that all about?
I know they had computer glitch on Friday, but today's Wednesday last time I checked.
Well, what's that all about besides really crappy service and scary stuff?
What is that?
I don't know.
Today, church officials in Congress waited for a building inspector outside the church.
A distrac Diaz told reporters the congregation had been growing.
Now plans for expanding the church have been put on hold.
He said the church had no insurance.
I'm just trusting the Lord Diaz said, well, that's not a good idea, angel.
It's not a good idea.
You are my special angel, Bobby Helmsings now for young QA.
Remember that?
You are a special.
I bet you got it.
I know you got Jingle Bell Rock.
I mean, that's also not saying.
Is that Bobby Helms?
Jingle Bell?
Jingle Bell?
Yeah, there you go.
I told you I knew you had all of them.
I mean, what kind of outstanding name would the church have this mixed collection?
You're on my special angel.
Angel.
And this is for angel Diaz.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Bobby Helms, I believe that was on deck of records.
No one asked me before you.
No, I do not have Jingle Bell Rock in four years.
You don't have that.
Not yet.
Jingle Bell, Jingle Bell.
Give me five minutes.
I don't want to hear it.
I do want to hear this, though.
As if the ...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
That was really from an ancient one because the lucky ...
...
...
...
...
us songmeisters on your head parade.
You know, when you listen to all this stuff and you realize how corny and cheesy it was?
Sure.
It goes to show that everything is like a big deal in its time.
Back in those days in the early 50s, it was like you're sitting at home and of course
you'd grown up listening to radio.
There was no TV.
And all of a sudden you're watching these images and here are like living and breathing
real people live on live TV, which of course we have very little live TV now except for
these boneheads on talking head news channel.
But it was, you know, it was, it was what it was.
Very, like I said, cheesy, but it was exciting.
It was almost as exciting as the final episode of the soprano.
Yeah, almost.
7.22 on Chris's poll today.
We're going to kick some very serious ass today, believe you me.
I'm just an ass-kicking kind of mood.
Don't ask me, don't ask me why.
Where do things stand with New Hampshire Democrats since the Democratic presidential candidates
debated Manchester on June 3rd?
Well, not too much change.
The CNN WMUR, New Hampshire Union leader debate had exactly what it's supposed to do.
It helped the New Hampshire voters sort out the candidates, it says.
Well, in early April, they were all over the place.
The front runners, swillery and Barack Obama and John Edwards were closely matched.
Oh, I see, it did make a change.
Clinton was at 27, Edwards 21, Obama was 20.
It was essentially a jump ball, it says.
Who was highest after the debate?
Swillery.
According to the new poll of New Hampshire Democratic primary voters released this week,
the New York Senator has surged and believed 36 percent.
Obama's got 22 percent.
He's moving up in the second place, and Edwards has lost support.
He dropped from 21 to 12 percent, even with a haircut.
The debate got another player into the game, Bill Richardson, who's support has reached
10 percent.
He's peeking now.
He's peeking in.
Just like that judge, I was peeking at that hanging Chad.
A poll involved telephone interviews with 309 New Hampshire adults who planned to vote
in the Democratic primary, January 22nd next year.
And the picture gets a little bit clearer if we assume Al Gore will not run.
Clinton needs to lead New Hampshire with 39, followed by Obama with 24.
Edwards, 14, and Richardson, 11, if you don't go into the mix.
Clinton seems to have impressed Democrats by taking charge into the debate.
It says, the differences among us, our minor, Clinton said, the differences between us
and the Republicans are major.
And of course, the other guys, their last name, isn't Clinton.
After which candidate is the strongest leader, Democrats pick Clinton hands down.
None of the others even came close.
Oh, it's that Democratic death wish you can smell it.
Oh, like rotting flesh.
But can she be elected Democrats think so?
They see Clinton as the candidate for the best chance of meeting the Republicans next
year.
Even though Obama does so much better in head to head in all the polls, but nevertheless,
these people are Hillary.
They ought to be Hillary if they're Hillary, don't you think?
Absolutely.
Democrats think she's likable.
Not really.
She runs third unlike ability.
Obama comes across as the most likable Democrat.
Here's how he answered a question about making English the official language.
When we get distracted by those kinds of questions, I think we do it with the service to the American
people.
It says, now what does that mean?
Why do they put that in there?
Is that significant?
I don't know.
Sounds like a non-answer to me.
Well, Edwards may have lost points because he criticized other Democrats.
Senator Clinton and Obama didn't say anything about how they were going to vote until they
appeared on the floor of the Senate and voted it would say about the Iraq War funding
building the debate.
They were among the last people to vote.
Richardson may have gained points because he sounded firm and decisive.
First day as president, I would shut down Gitmo.
He said during the debate, I would shut down Abukar and secret prisons.
That's the moral authority that we don't have.
The key factor behind we would Clinton's lead.
Oh, boy.
Women.
Clinton leads Obama by two to one among Democratic women, among Democratic men.
Clinton and Obama are just about tied even, Stephen.
For Democrats, the war in Iraq overwhelms all other issues.
57% of New Hampshire Democrats say Iraq is the most important issue for their vote.
That's up from 39% of April.
Even though she's drawn some criticism in the past from anti-war activists, Clinton's
lead is just as strong among Democrats whose top concern is Iraq as it is among Democrats
considered about other issues.
I just don't get her at all.
Like I said, her last name is Clinton and she's high profile on the media.
It's like obsessed with her and they just don't want to tell us what a...
It's the Illuminati baby.
It's all part of the plan.
It's all the scam.
Is that it?
Yeah.
You think the Bilderbergers have their finger deep inside?
Back them.
The whole deal.
That's right.
And the trilateral commission.
And the trilateral committee and the Illuminati, right?
Who is the Moe overpaid?
Who is the full question?
Who is Moe overpaid?
Big company CEO is 352.
ProJocks 201.
That number needs to go away up there.
ProJocks.
Roger, Clinton's $28 million.
I mean, well, what are we talking about?
He won't agree.
He had big deal.
Okay.
Fat ass.
Fat ass with a crappy attitude.
He makes me gag.
And of course, pay rod.
Although he always got to keep all those chicks happy.
You know how that is.
Actors 51, lawyers 41, Realtors 38, 36, Neal 32, overpaid my ass.
They paid me 10 million here.
It would even be close.
It would even be close to what I should be compensated for this spectacular job I've
been doing.
Burning in the hot midnight oil over a hot microphone here day after day after hour
at it.
It's just amazing to me.
And let's see.
Stockbrokers 12 Rockstar is only nine.
Soloment in Webe.
So Tonto Nove.
See, we have to do everything.
Trial.
Well, now how about French?
Here, you have to do everything English and French.
How do you say that in French?
I don't know how you say only in French.
How do you say, uh, Wunder, Twackat, Sank, Sets, Sets, Sets.
God forbid.
Weat is eight.
Weat.
I don't know about nine.
A Weat.
As in gross, I'm in your backyard.
Weat.
Nine.
How do you say nine in the French?
I don't know.
Sets.
Nuh.
Nuh.
Nuh.
I'm getting noon.
I don't know.
What's that?
It's a Japanese craft.
It's not bad enough.
You're polluting all of my friends out there and radiolimitering with that anime garbage.
You'd better stop Mr.
Why are you still ahead of the gaming industry in the people?
What is it?
Nasthatsin and Japanese?
No.
Zhu.
Zhu.
There he goes again.
Oh, eh.
Tan Zhu.
Yes.
739 Nepal.
What's with the Japanese?
That because your daughter was over there, is it because you did that anime that perverted
an anime staff while we all like the Japanese in her family and she took the
classes and spent a year over there and what about that Japanese exchange
to a girl a kid? What about her? Did you impregnate her or what? No, she was just a
little girl. How old was she? Well she was she was 17 for Christ's sake first of
all and a second of all she was. I thought a little girl that she was old enough
for you wasn't my type. No like the Asian. She was sweet and wonderful and nice
and she wasn't your type. She was an exchange student. You get a bang in there. I'm getting there.
I understand. Are you an age girl? No, of course I can't. Especially when they look like
12-year-old boys. Oh, well, one thing about the Japanese, I told you this many times
you always argue with me, the Chinese man, no matter what you're into, there's some really
amazing looking Chinese people. They have a bigger pool than you're all from.
But the Japanese are bigger, there are a lot of Chinese, so you get a lot of
variance there. Yeah, especially here, 400,000. Never the last. 400,000 Chinese, man. Right.
They have floodasses.
Yeah,
yeah,
we do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
For freedom and I'm trying to go flat
Some of the problems
Check this out y'all
Huh
Freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck
Freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck
Freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck
Freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck, freedom, fuck
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J
clauses the word other means
symmetry
Rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot,
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot, rear foot
In recent weeks we've seen a dramatic increase in the use of abusive language expressions of Hayden of Senities and Comments by readers to stories appearing in Capitol Hill Blue. The discourse has turned from meaningful debate to a free-for-all where readers hurl insults at each other, scream of Senities and Capitol letters, and strive to see how many nasty adjectives they can use in a single post. Sound familiar? Mm-hmm. I reset the span filters several times to try to catch those comments, but too much hyperbole still gets through. I spend several hours each
day going through the moderation queue because readers continue to ignore our stated policies on discussion. I waited through more than 200 such comments last night before going to bed. I got up at 5 o'clock this morning and found more than 300 more awaiting action. My column Monday on Senator Julie Berman brought the anti-Semites out in force, Phil Hoskins column over the weekend about gay pride brought a hoard of gay basures, if we publish this story about Barack Obama the racist way in, at times the cycle seems endless and repetitive.
The Internet has the potential to become a worthwhile public forum on issues that they, but it's also a breeding ground for a hate, intolerance and anger, and we see far too much of that in political discussions.
Reasonable discussion is impossible when a majority of those who post comments do nothing but throw word bombs at each other while hiding behind anonymous screen names, word bombs, when Obama Grande.
A few weeks ago I discontinued comments directly to news stories and directed those who wanted to discuss stories and topics, to our successful and long-running forum, Reader Rand. A number of readers asked me to reconsider and I decided to give open comments one more chance.
I was wrong to change my original decision despite increased anti-spamming settings the nastiness escalated and the level of discourse devolved into too many shouting matches.
We don't have the time or the resources to spend hours each day dealing with the increasing number of posts that require moderation and attention.
Reader Rand is a moderated discussion board that encourages open but civil discussion on a broad range of topics. It is and should be the place where readers express their views.
In the coming days we'll be moving to a new software system on Reader Rand that enhances and improves the form as well as its rule as the premier political discussion board on the Internet.
But as a moderated discussion board Reader Rand has rules about civility and use of language, it doesn't tolerate obscenity nor should it.
It doesn't allow members to flame or insult each other nor should it to flame.
FAMING!
It requires that elected officials be addressed by proper names not insulting nicknames or obscenity-laced references and it should.
So the UCC stops here.
I hope we can have an open and free-wing discussion on topics of capital blue without turning into the hate-filled tirades that dominate so many other political websites.
I was wrong. Capital Hill Blue is a news site. We're not a bar room brawl. I apologize to readers for allowing it to become one.
Says Doug Thompson.
He's disgusted and fed up and nauseated.
Just like when we started at the NeoRarges.com thing there were we had the comments.
Right.
Same thing.
Sure.
Same people.
Same idiots.
Same morons and all these were screaming at each other and insulting each other.
Nothing new with the show. Nothing new with us.
Just a little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
A little something like that.
That's a little something like that.
That's a little something like that.
If you worked up a blister, I hope it wasn't with your mom or your sister.
1119-560WQM and Chris, you're making strides.
You're taking big gigantic steps.
800 votes.
All right.
All right, man.
They're doing it.
They're doing it just for you because I think you're such a fine.
I would say, upstanding, sitting down American.
Right.
Thank you.
It's been a stupid story, by the way.
Attending a Fort Myers Miracle game is an easy decision to set.
This is from our buddy Felix the Cat or whoever it hell is.
It sends me a lot of good stuff.
All these good stories.
Thanks, Felix.
You're guaranteed fun, family affordable entertainment and a beautiful ball.
Now, the miracle used to be the Miami miracle.
Remember that?
They played in Poppano Beach and I used to do appearances there.
Remember those days, George?
No.
Oh, maybe before your old time.
That was an IOD.
It was, right.
That was an IOD.
Well, you wouldn't have gone anyway.
You wouldn't be going to no ball games.
Right.
The miracle also understand that sometimes people have second thoughts about their choice of entertainment and want to flip flop their decision.
They want to do a little waffle routine.
Kind of like a swillery on the war.
You know, a little waffle.
That's why the miracle will give fans an opportunity to have a change of heart on Billy Donovan night June 20th.
Now, Chris knows who Billy Donovan is.
Yes.
University of Florida basketball coach Billy Donovan made a U-turn last week and returned to Gainesville after agreeing to a five-year,
and we're 27 and a half million dollar contract with the NBA's Orlando Magic.
His decision to leave in return wasn't an easy one.
The miracle recognized that we all have tough decisions to make and sometimes want to redo.
Do it over.
Like George on marriage, things like that.
Why do that over?
Well, it says tough decisions to make.
Sometimes we want to remake the decision as well.
I see.
Yeah, you know that's right.
Yeah, I know.
Good point.
Thank you.
Fans that purchase a ticket at the box office for the 705 PM game against the Tampa Yankees.
This is on June 20th.
That's a week from today.
Next Wednesday.
We'll see if they experience a sea-solve emotions like Billy Donovan encountered.
If at any time during the game they're not sure they want to be at Hammond Stadium that they're in Fort Myers.
They can leave it and negotiate a release from their ticket purchase.
Oh, this is so...it's just...I don't know.
It makes me weak at the knees.
And I'm sitting down.
Patrons that experience a Billy Donovan moment will have the option to sit down with local attorney and strike a deal for an out clause from their ticket purchase.
Oh!
Part of the negotiating process will involve making a free throw into our on-site basketball hoop.
Fans that make the easy decision to stay will be entered into a drawing for four tickets to a Florida basketball game in Gainesville this upcoming season.
And we guarantee that Billy Donovan will be there.
For Mayor's own Billy Donovan will throw off the first pitch and Waffles will be available to the concession stand.
What did I tell you?
They're inviting people to do a little Waffle there.
Tickets for Billy Donovan night and the remaining Miracle Season are on sale.
Right now I'm sure everybody in the Fort Myers area, all five of you are listening will be there to change your mind.
I want my money back right now.
This game blows.
Not as much as Joyce, but it blows.
It blows.
Like the wind in a hurricane.
It blows.
806 on the pole.
Not only we're going to get a thousand today, but God only knows.
God only knows.
They're all God!
That kind of number we can put up there.
You know what God says?
What?
That's what God says.
Don't you just love them?
That's great.
You don't have those spots like that, normal.
No, I'm not going to get tired of that with God only knows.
Here we go.
Hey Brian, put the teddy bear back in his sack.
People are talking.
It's not good.
Brian.
Brian probably wants to know one thing about this song.
You like it?
I may not own it.
I was not too bad.
How about it?
It was really close.
It was ballpark.
Close enough.
Close enough for us, and the board goes back.
I'm constipation with art James.
And he downs.
And Alex Trebek.
Well, I hate him, man.
I just...
I know he's Canadian.
And you have to agree with me.
Most Canadian entertainers we like a lot, except of course for Anne's.
True.
Right.
And except for who's the other bitch, Celine Dion.
Right.
But other than that, we like him all.
We like Avril Lavigne.
Right, John Candy.
We like John Candy a lot.
We like Monty Hall back in the day.
Mm-hmm.
What about Camille?
Who?
Pamela.
Yeah, we're just...
Pamela Lee.
Oh boy.
Yeah.
Why'd you do that to me?
In so many Martin Short, we don't like him.
No, not anymore.
What about you?
You have great comedians.
There's so many great German comedians.
All the SCTV people, Eugene Levy, Rick Marannas.
Oh, and you know who you're leaving off?
Who?
Out of sight out of mind.
Oh yeah.
Out of sight is right.
Right.
Every now and then we see him here.
They do?
They put him on something just to keep him in a high sea.
To keep his one testicle happy.
Speaking of that, speaking of testes, a former L.A. Archdiocese priest who escaped prosecution
for sexual abuse on children in 2003 because of a Supreme Court ruling was arrested Thursday.
And obviously last week or maybe tomorrow they're predicting it.
Last Thursday at L.A. International Airport.
Michael Stephen Baker, 58, was arrested at 2 p.m. on suspicion of committing
loot acts upon her child according to Sergeant Dan Scott.
The arrest is in connection with the ongoing investigation into allegations of child molestation,
involving present and former Catholic priest in the L.A. Archdiocese.
According to a statement from the L.A. County District Attorney's Orifice, the L.A.
Times reported in October that investigators opened a new probe of Baker focusing on two
brothers who said they were molested by the now former priest.
The probe had been hindered because of the brothers now live in Mexico.
Oh, but investigators obtained visas last spring so the brothers could be interviewed in
Arizona with or without Mark Lindsay, with or without the ponytail.
Investigators interviewed Lynn Categan, the brothers Tucson-based civil attorney,
who obtained a $1.3 million settlement on their behalf from Baker and the Archdiocese
he told the newspaper.
Officials wouldn't confirm whether Baker's arrest was in connection with the brothers' allegations.
Scott said investigators searched Baker's residences in Huntington Beach in LA.
What is it?
LA Marada.
La Marada.
See that whole LA thing, it just bugs me. La Marada.
Excuse me.
No problem.
He said Baker was arrested as he returned from Thailand.
Oh, and several other countries because the airport was a safe place to make the arrest.
I wonder what he was doing in Thailand?
The District Attorney's Office said in the system, and by the way, the good news is our friend Ricky is back from Costa Rica.
Maybe one of these days he'll let me know whether we got later or not and how it was.
And hopefully, all those young girls were like, you know, legal aids, not some 17-year-old Japanese girl.
It looked like a 12-year-old boy.
The D.A. is Office said in the system, our charges will be made on Monday and in a rainbow we schedule early next week.
I'm sure you'll be keeping your nose to the grindstone on that.
Right.
And earlier, a criminal charge against Baker was dismissed in 2003 because of a US Supreme Court decision.
Barring prosecution of decades-old sexual abuse cases, Baker left the ministry in 2000.
He told Cardinal Mahoney in 1986 that he had molested children according to the Arts DIC sandbaker.
The art species did not alert police, but rather sent Baker for treatment after which he was assigned to a series of nine other parishes.
Cardinal Mahoney's already acknowledged and apologized for the mistakes made the handling father Baker.
A case that taught many important lessons that I see noted in its 2000 report to the people of God.
Baker had been accused of sexually abusing 23 boys from 1974 to 1999, including at least four after he admitted his molestations to Mahoney's Arts DIC sandbaker.
He would, oh no.
He would place his penis into a sock until the children was a sock puppet named Willie.
Never worked for me.
God.
What Willie?
I was waiting.
The wonder was-
I was wondering how long that would take.
Not yet, it isn't a sock.
It was a sock puppet named Willie.
Well, it wasn't a sock, but well.
817 other pool.
Better rock their world.
Another Catholic priest.
I mean, with a great sense of it.
I guess you got a tip of your hat to the father, you know, for originality.
Sure.
Wow.
What time is the puppet show staring anyway?
Right.
Well, we'll get in a puppet in your panties.
His father, you just have to deceive me.
Right before we pay my level one pay.
I get the breaker what I get so continue with this fall.
Yeah, sure.
Fulderall.
God, what a bastard.
Holy Makinon!
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God!
The idea is her figure and even more bizarre.
Well, I mean that a defeat in Iraq will embolden the enemy.
You are a gracious ideas.
And I think the world would be better off if we did leave.
If we didn't, if we didn't, if we left the world, it would be worse.
The world is better off if it's not leave.
You are crazy.
George Boyle and George, I'm not going to invent it.
Inports come from overseas.
He's a brilliant Wednesday.
Only at ABC.
Oh, three more dead American troops, by the way, in that mess and bagged out.
I just thought I would mention that, CNN, is talking about it now.
Very briefly, and then we go into whale shark dies.
Now, that's going to, they have a whole segment on that.
They've got video and a whole deal.
The three more US soldiers who die, we got like a crawl at the bottom of the screen, you know,
in about two seconds.
But now, in Norton, is the second whale shark to die at the Georgia Aquarium this year?
The only ones on this planet.
CNN, and then we're getting a whole story on that with video and a whole deal.
And the name, the name of the Gordon Fisherman, is that important crap?
All of it is very important.
The idea of people at CNN, they got your priority straight.
Let me say it again.
When did they take them off the air now?
Immediately, if not sooner.
By the way, Claude is a frog who is on our Myspace now.
We got 1434, he loves this show, even though he's a frog.
And that darn white of him?
That's a boy Claude.
824, you're going to make a thousand and an easy Chris.
I sold you short, I got to admit it.
I sat down here this morning around the 815, whatever the hell it was.
And I looked at that thing, and it had 500 and some of my votes.
I thought, boy, Fatsers are going to have a tough time getting to a thousand today.
I agreed with you.
And you thought, oh, what was us, baby?
If we ever fall short of a thousand minutes, when you know it's all over,
except when Georgia's on like on a holiday and had 300 votes?
It's on a holiday, it's on a Memorial Day.
You can't feel bad about that.
Right.
Of course, if it was like Friday and you had 300 votes, you still wouldn't feel bad about it.
Because you don't feel that it's like what they put you on the air for.
No.
What do they put you on the air for?
They don't actually, they don't put you on the air.
Right.
They put you on the air because in my contract it says, I have the choice.
Right.
And you better, you better kiss Norm as ankles for putting that in there.
Okay.
Want me to make extra money?
No.
Do the show at the same time.
You don't?
No.
You don't?
No.
Get out of here.
So, yeah, thanks, Norm, for something for screwing you over.
Wouldn't be the first time from what I'm told.
Yeah.
No, are you serious about that?
You don't make an extra dime.
You're doing the show at the same time.
Not extra dime.
Actually, I do, I do a third of the shows over the course of the year, but I don't make an extra dime for it.
No.
What do you mean, do a third of the show?
When you added all of that by do 33 or more percent of all the shows.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
20% of all the shows, yes.
Right.
They suck, you know what?
Yeah.
When you come right down, in fact, there's something I want to say to the entire company right now.
Okay, listen.
Yeah, that's it.
LSMFT, baby, lucky strike means fine tobacco.
I mean, it seems to me that any product, for example, all these prescription drugs, they have
in the nightly news every night.
Ask your doctor about, you know, if you drink too much, if you can't pee enough, if you, whatever.
If you're limp, boy, there must be a lot of limp guys out there.
All you heteros.
I imagine there are.
Well, what is that all about?
I don't know.
Yeah, seriously, why are there so many limp heterosensual guys?
I don't know if there are so many limp gay guys.
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, it could be a medical condition.
I do understand that.
I don't know.
I've never encountered that.
Guys who are homosexual who just can't get the, you know, can't get the job done.
They're all these things.
Maybe it's fear or maybe they're just in the closet or something like that.
I thought of that too.
You think that's what it is?
It could be.
Maybe they need to find somebody of their own life.
Maybe they're barking at me wrong tree.
That could be it.
Maybe that might cause a little arousal there, as opposed to this spousal arousal, which seems to be working well for lots and lots of guys.
And you young guys there, if you're popping vigorous, that movie, that was really cute.
What movie?
The imaginary heroes.
Oh, yeah.
Because everybody in the family was like either, they were either drunks or they were pill poppers or smoking the eye.
They were all the gonja.
They were all doing something constantly.
In fact, toward the end of the movie, there's the scene at the New Year's party.
You know where the two were, where, what's his name?
They share the kiss, you know, and then they wake up in bed in the morning.
So you might be, but I'm not.
I'm not what it might be.
And Sigourney, we were the only time we see her in that segment, and she's hovering over the porcelain bus, puking her guts out.
Remember that?
Yep.
Just to see it for just a fraction of a second.
I don't know if that's a dysfunctional family or just the average American family.
I don't know.
They're all there.
And of course, the one scene we're doing a car, the two buddies, who became, I think, more than just buddies.
And he hands them something and it turns out it's a viagra.
And he eats it anyway.
That's the best part.
Well, you can never be, I guess you can never be too rigid, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Even ruffles have ridges.
830 votes on the pool, boy.
I don't know where this is coming from.
We must have somebody out there in Spedigrill, Fimbri, trying to tell everybody that they got the audience.
You haven't got squat, Mr.
You are right back in the dumper where you were before.
See, the one thing about the trends, if you get one fluke month in there, it'll last you three months.
Right?
Or maybe it lasted longer than that.
Alright.
Let me try to figure this out.
November, December, January.
Okay?
Anyaero.
So there's one.
And then you got two when you drop off November.
Right?
Right.
And then when you drop off, both of them are December's three.
It lasts you like five months until the journey until that fluke month finally drops out.
It lasts you five months.
And you're running around like a robin' the red breast, you know, with your chest all puffed up.
Oh, look at us.
We got the young hip audience.
We're really kicking ass.
We're the top sports set.
And then of course that bogus month with a fixed, you know, wire diaries drops off.
And you're right back in the crap where we always have been for two years plus.
Am I right, Chris?
Right.
Right.
I don't know what they're thinking about.
And if they little dog actually jumpship and they'll come back over there and it looks very unlikely that he's going to be back there any time after that deal ends up.
They're going to be really screwed.
Because the rumor that Barry Jackass was friend that they're going to put Sid the kid on the note.
I mean, that is a recipe for death.
That would be like putting the Kenny and Bo Mourning show on.
What I just say.
You heard me.
You heard me.
As a matter of fact, maybe they'll make a trade, you know, like in sports they make trades all the time.
And maybe we'll make a swap rhymes with flop.
Hmm.
As in belly flop.
One thing about Kenny though, he just keeps prodding along, you know, he's...
I almost feel bad.
I don't even know him, but I feel bad for him, you know.
Do you feel bad for him?
Who?
Kenny was his name.
Kenny W. Walker.
No, no.
I know what his name is.
I know what his name is.
What are you?
Is some kind of a simple thing or what?
Do you think I'm an old feeble, uh, old timer?
No, right.
I know my crap.
You know what someone pointed out the other day to me?
Who was that?
Um, all these other sports stations that I like, you know, come and go on.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't have one thing in common.
Stupid guys.
No, he didn't work at the fan.
He was still with us when the fan was on here.
You sure?
I'm pretty sure.
He was at 940.
I think that's when he went a...
I don't really know what happened.
Did he bail out or did he clearance a...
You know, and he had a falling out and weren't sleeping together anymore.
What was the deal there?
I was an intern when he was a producer here.
I believe he was marrying some girl or whatever.
And her dad was hooking up with like a stockbroker or something like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And so he left to go do that.
And then I guess he washed out because he came back to radio.
Oh, he looked to become a stockbroker?
Yes, I'm like that.
I think that's all about 940 bucks.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
He's got a lot of money.
No.
No.
Wow.
Wow.
I'm just concerned.
 have put curse.
I'm driving in 2002.
I started a disconnect here.
You have stupid radio condenser.
I rode a bike with you generally.
who say, call for Philip Mara, or is there was a journey.
The interesting part about that being, I said, those spots about it being a mild
cigarette, those were like camels, they were like cancer sticks.
Because that was before, I don't know if it was before, I'm sure it was before
that they have filtered cigarettes. There were those things back then. Cancer sticks.
Right, and even as an unsmokered myself now, I think, I just,
I think it's carried away to the point of just obnoxious.
For example, when I was down to a week ago, a Saturday, I had my infamous lunch, you know,
with my two buddies, and after lunch went on to the patio of this place,
and each run wrapped in ice-stogie.
Thanks, Ernie. And at any rate, you know, we were actually going to light them on there in the patio,
because God forbid, they would take you off and put you in the slamer for 10 days.
And here comes one of the waiters, oh, you can't smoke that out, here you have to take it over, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Boy, militant. I think you ought to be able to smoke a cigar anywhere you want.
If I'm going to light up a big fat one if there would be a good one in the afternoon,
I should be able to do that in a cigar too, right?
847 votes on the poll. We got 1,000 licked, baby. We got it made in the shade with Kool-Aid.
The former substitute teacher, who's the new staccat, will be Strong's Villa Ohio High School football team,
left a Corp. Hancock's yesterday, but she'll walk out of jail on Friday.
Christine Scarlett. Oh, what a great name that is, isn't it? Great.
Christine Scarlett could have received her for 17 years in prison for the sexual battery of her former student, Steven Bratigan,
who was 17 in 2002, when the four-year affair began. She played guilty in May.
But Cairoga County County, please judge Dick Ambrow, who has spared her from any hard prison time,
opting instead to shock her with three days in the county jail, followed by a hundred-eundays house arrest in five years' probation.
Bratigan's mother, Mary, told the judge that her son, I want you to listen very carefully to this.
Her mother, Mary, told the judge that her son was a boy trapped inside a man's body, when Scarlett took him on a first date to the local dairy queen.
Mary, Bratigan blamed Scarlett for destroying her family, but she declined to ask Ambrow to treat the teacher severely.
The mother told the judge that her son was a boy trapped inside a man's body.
Afterwards, Bratigan's father, Lawrence, criticized the census as too lenient.
He also complained that strong billed school officials avoided accountability for failing to report Scarlett's crimes to the police.
The 8th District Court of Appeals rule last week that Bratigan's law, civic-using school officials of negligence, was filed too late,
and the judge, John Russo, was corrected dismissive.
And that's the end of that tale so far.
Born too late, that was the ponytails, wasn't it born too late?
I'll find out.
I'm trying to think of what the record looked like.
It certainly wasn't on cadence records.
Cain's you don't forget, it was the Everly Brothers in Andy Williams and the court deaths, purple and silver.
Cain's records.
Roger Williams, Jane Morgan, it was fast in nation, what are we looking for?
Born too late, but it's not working.
Why, have you got it?
Well, I don't know, but my program was in work.
Well, you probably was in the show film.
Even if you got it, you can't find it.
It's kind of like some of us.
We may have it, but we can't find it.
Well, it's just the way nature is.
The Lord works in mysterious ways.
848 votes on a pool.
What would you rather have?
Brains, real brains, or...
How do I say it?
With your mouth?
Oh, what do you mean, real goods?
Real goods down there.
Goods.
Oh, I'd rather have the brains.
Well, see, I say that because, you know, it's all I got.
Who is Moe overpaid?
849 votes.
Big company CEO of Moe overpaid, 4006, almost half.
ProJocs 232, ridiculous, outrageous salaries.
I'm not just...
Actors 57, lawyers 51, Realtors 42,
Neo 37.
And you know what, I didn't mind that.
Whoever sent the pool and put my name on it.
It's far with me.
Jellicy...
Did I ask you a couple weeks ago if we had that?
Jellicy, Frankie Lane or somebody saying that.
Jellicy.
He probably even had Jellicy windows.
What do they call those things?
Jellicy lines and a window.
No, not Jellicy.
There's no such word as Jellicy, okay?
What are you saying?
Kind of a dumb, goi or what?
Jellicy.
I think that's what they're called.
What?
Jellicy.
Get out of here.
Oh, I'm going to Google it.
Jellicy windows.
If I'm wrong, man, it's going to be pretty embarrassing.
How much do we get?
It's a Jellicy, J-L-O-U-S-I-E.
And then it says, do you mean Jellicy windows?
Yeah, Jellicy windows.
Oh, I see because it's I-E on the end.
Jellicy.
That's how you say it?
Yeah.
My whole life, then, I've been calling them Jellicy windows.
Why, Jellicy?
I'm Jellicy of your brains.
Well, some of us grew up downhill.
Jellicy in houses full of Jellicy.
I'm looking at Wikipedia.
Sure.
Is a slanted window covering, typically a shutter or window covering,
which consists of a set of parallel angled slabs, Jellicy.
Mm-hmm.
Not Jellicy.
Jellicy.
You see how I learned something on this show already just because I'm dumb?
Like I said, I rather have the big package in Fotainment.
Right.
857 votes on the...what are you talking about?
In Fotainment.
Well, where did that come from?
I pulled it out of my ace.
Oh.
That's your ace in the hole.
Like they said in the Godfather's dream, remember that?
Uh-huh.
That's what...what's his name?
Eli Wallach was said to me.
To fake priest.
I have an ace.
It's sancers, full of them.
As we say in America, you're my ace in the hole.
And then, of course, Ega, I was eating the canolaes.
Who was the ace hole then, huh?
Ha-ha-ha.
Gotcha.
Here, you look so skinny, you eat it.
That's him, where Connie is just like tying the...
Careful.
The tip of the canolaes.
Yeah.
Well, I'm as she did.
We can't talk about this.
You're kind of like...
Oh, I'm sorry.
Filmmaker, Michael Lora, appeared for an interview on the June 12th episode of ABC's Good Morning America
yesterday to defend the premise and arguments made in his latest film, Sickle, which comes out tomorrow...
Friday.
I believe.
Which documents the state of America's healthcare system as sorry and sad as it is.
You go, Mike.
In the interview, more asserts that the healthcare in America is a system that essentially is run by greed.
And I would say you are...
Absolutely correct, sir.
More also went on to defend his tactics in the film, including taking ailing 9-11 workers to Guantana,
or Vian Cuba for treatment.
I'm using sat-tired to make a larger point politically and socially more sick.
And you want to call that a stunt.
It's certainly no different than what would you do on Good Morning America in any given day,
except you actually wouldn't confront the government in any way I would do it.
You would tell him, Mike, stick it to him, baby.
How do you like that?
He stuck it to him there on Good Morning America.
They should only croak, hubsie, and dread as the Iranians would say.
As Makhmoud Ahmed in the job would say.
Ahmed, what's his name?
Makhmoud Ahmed.
I don't know what's in it.
Is everybody's name Makhmoud Ahmed?
Or Mohammed.
Or Mohammed.
Oh.
Speaking of Mohammed, how's my satellite guy doing?
How you doing, Mohammed?
Don't call when I take any calls.
Are you there when he called?
Two weeks ago, Mohammed?
Yep.
One thing about him, man, if you ever, have you ever met him?
Sure, many times.
Oh.
He's a good guy.
Yes he is.
But he's always like on the verge of death.
He's got some issues.
Yeah.
He's got some health issues there.
Bad heart.
He's got a crappy heart.
866 votes, jealousy, wonder.
You see, it's a good thing I said that because if I wouldn't have said that,
Chris wouldn't have corrected me.
By the way, I apologize to Chris for being a robber.
Well, George and I both corrected you.
Well, screw George.
Nothing, no.
Well, I mean, George is always just no matter what I say.
If I would have said jealousy, what has said jealousy?
And you wonder why?
Because he's jealous.
That's right.
He's just trying to get you on the ground early.
He likes being an Ojyan provocateur.
That's what he gets paid the big bucks to be.
I know.
Yeah.
And one thing, I'll tell you one thing, when you play tapes,
they sure don't disagree with you.
No, they don't.
Here's the fact that says, from P,
hey, Neil and George, my mom smoked Territans.
They had the great slogan, I'd rather fight than switch.
That's right.
I'd rather fight than switch.
Boy, if people wouldn't have told me what brand there was,
and everyone thought that in the Zoon years,
I remember apartments and parliament light.
I remember those billboards for those cigarettes.
Territans?
Yeah.
I'd rather fight than switch.
And then the person in the commercial would have a black eye.
You could do a poll on the best cigarette ad slogan ever.
Not the greatest poll, but it will fill some time.
And you know what, we would start to pull by saying, probably.
explicit.
Those are the days, it was a lot more fun when we had
cigarette commercial longTV.
And then magazines and all over the place.
Big ads for Salem and it'd always be this beautiful young
couple, you know, in the forest, it would a big smile on their face.
Yeah, that's before they got the lung cancer.
Yeah.
It's before the big tumors started roaring in their lungs.
And they had this big smile in the face,
like they were about to do something really very sensual,
you know having to do with private parts and that's because they were smoking
Salem they didn't bother telling us where they were sticking them
but they're never less 866 yet this is this is this is what kills me is that
they let all these prescription drugs go on there they're killing God only
knows how many people but the main time cigarettes and not that I want to I
want you to smoke cigarettes is a filthy disgusting habit like that horror
told the Sigourney Weaver in the slammer remember that she says are you a
prostitute she's yeah I'm a horror and by the way that's a disgusting habit
she told her she was lighting up a faggot that's right one thing about
Sigourney in that movie where she is sandy that was the character they said
she was smoking everything I love their next door neighbor she was a
great hysterical yeah sandy I'm coming over sandy oh no yeah remember that
reaction every time they're coming over and I love that confrontation they had
there about when sandy scooter husband I could turn out that he was what's his
name in Asha school next father what's his name the kid allergies I remember
yes you do Ethan you and something like that begins with the I can't say
that I'm a real yeah I'm a herch no kind of sunny herch
I'm a herch to me seems a little gay I'm not what's that movie you just told me
you saw with him no he's he's going to be speed racer oh he's gonna be in it
yes and you're and you're gonna watch it you bet with a mail herch speed
racer man oh well I'll tell you one thing at least you Leo I'll say that no
kidding thank god for that four minutes to learn to this just let me know when
okay I'll wait a little bit
okay
RC
you
Brains are washed out of land and trees, but trees should always be.
They care more about American idols and getting spooked by this pile.
They won't grow till it gets more poisonous.
But this powers tools for people to accumulate the current unrest and money they would get on society.
Better son.
Because they are infected by the past, Western China's fear of being.
However they know that we're struggling with the system.
202-560 WQM, Happy Wednesday to you.
Well, I sure bring back a lot of memories, you know, most of them bad.
874 votes on the poll, that's good, though.
That's really good.
And this is the two subpoenas that are being issued to two former White House officials,
the first to be subpoenaed in the Farad U.S. Attorney's Investigation.
They're being subpoenaed.
The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee today issued a subpoena to Sarah Taylor,
former White House political director.
At about the same time, it was announced the House Judiciary Committee will issue a subpoena
in the same case to former White House counsel Harriet Myers, the anxious Harriet Myers.
Both committees say that also subpoenaed documents from the White House, a first in the investigation.
Committee's division subpoenas for official and documents from the Justice Department.
The committees are investigating whether the firings of the eight U.S. Attorney's last year
were politically motivated, is the Pope Jewish, and whether the White House was involved.
Taylor resigned from a White House job a couple of weeks ago.
Myers resigned her White House post in January.
President Bush has nominated Myers to serve on the Supreme Court later, of course,
with due renomination and embarrassment and humiliation.
A day earlier, the White House spokesman Tony Fratt, though, said the last back-to-be-mails
prove to investigators by the Justice Department, provided to them, shows again that there was
no wrongdoing in the replacement of U.S. Attorney's.
Right.
Senator Patrick Leahy of Remundo Chairs, the Senate Judiciary Committee, has been authorized
to subpoena several crew and informer White House officials including Taylor, Myers, and
Carl Rowe.
Two Democratic congressional sources say they decided not to subpoena Rowe because they're
voting their case by talking to and gathering information from lower level witnesses and
officials before they get to the more senior, more important, important witnesses like Carl
Rowe.
Hey, Carl.
You fair.
That one, Ann.
Like he's fallen somebody.
I'll tell you one thing.
These Nazis must be fallen somebody.
Not see best, Dardos.
8.76 on the pool.
I think this is the hour we get close to like 9.50 and then we ease on into a thousand
last hour.
Right, Chris?
You bet.
Don't be jealous.
All my life, I thought they were jealousy windows.
I never really thought of what I meant.
And you know something?
Really when you come right down, what does that mean?
Anyway, jealousy.
What was it?
It looks French, so it means something French, I know.
Oh, God.
No, thank God.
I don't have those.
Oh, sorry.
The cloud up there in there, wherever you are.
Cloud the French guy.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with us having a French guy in my space.
One.
I'm sure you probably saw this on the news.
It's just, is this the only Paris Hilton story we're going to have today?
I hope I pray.
Oh, geez.
Oh, what?
So what?
Only one?
Solomon Thuno.
Although I didn't have the one from yesterday I never got to.
Paris Hilton says she's no longer going to act dumb.
I didn't know it was an act.
No, me either.
Nobody else did either.
She's good then.
Wow.
I thought it was cool.
Good at something.
Paris Hilton's parents visited their daughter after breezing past all the others waiting
to see loved ones.
Right.
And incident that raised new complaints that the rest is receiving special treatment.
The visit came less than a week after your home was reassigned to the house of rest days
after being jailed for violating parole.
The 26 year old celebrity later ordered back to jail in case you haven't heard.
In case you've been on the moon for the last two days.
Alvina Floyd, one visitor to the Twin Towers Correctional Facility, waited more than
four hours to visit her fiance.
Alvina, that sounds dark to me.
I don't understand.
It's a racial thing.
It's a money thing.
Don't you understand it?
Mm-hmm.
And the white folks have the money and that's why they are po-folk so they get behind end.
It normally takes two hours and Floyd 20 blame the Hilton's for the delay.
Good for you, Alvina.
I have to be a work leader.
She said, I can't wait here all day.
Dang.
Chattani Alverson 23, said she was hustled out of the jail's visiting room, moments after
her husband walked in because of the Hilton's, she was told to come back after lunch.
Oh, that's like when I got in that plane that time and the BG sent her to the first class
taken up.
Remember that?
Yeah, you.
There was an America worst airlines, by the way.
Oh, they've canceled your reservation.
They nobody have canceled my reservations.
The airline has stuck all of us back in their coach because the BG's are saying that
we're going to take up the first class.
And you know something after that, I think a couple of them croaked or at least the
Morris did anyway.
And that will teach them to mess with the Lord, you know what?
Steve Whitmore, Sheriff Spokesman.
I bet you Joyce said something to do with that too.
That's from an impacted fart.
See, that's what happens when you hold them in too long, you croak, you burst inside.
Steve Whitmore, Sheriff Spokesman said it was routine for our profile to meet to receive visitors
during lunch, a time when the visiting room is normally cleared and closed.
The visit came shortly after the LA County Board of Supervisors ordered Sheriff Lee back
out of respond by next week to allegations of favoritism for reassigning Hilton the House
arrest at the time back at set an undisclosed medical condition as the reason for making
the decision.
It was those burpees, those churpees in her ass.
Hilton was sent to a medical ward where Sheriff's official set a cost $1,100 a day to house a
female in LA made compared to $99 a day in the general population.
And that's something that the taxpayers of California are paying $1,100 a day to house that
bitch with her millions and millions of inherited money that Mary Teederman who regularly visits
the jail system monitor for the ACLU said the area where Hilton was being housed was usually reserved
for high security inmates or those worse off than Hilton has appeared.
I don't know what her health issue was but you have got to have a pretty intense medical
condition or mental health problem to be part of that jail she'd be saying she's got the love bug
as in her being a love bug.
She's got a well you know that all the fresh and so on so it's got to bug up their ass well.
Yes, I think that there's more to it than meets the eyes they say and just like the love bug its name is her beak.
Yeah.
Bitch.
Nasty sloppy horrendous talentless bitch.
You know that comma I read yesterday the one about the Paris is a hero whatever you know.
It's the truth we're drowning in a sea of her soul just like we drown in a sea of Anna Nicole all these talentless sluts.
Anna Nicole she married that 400 year old guy to you know so that she can inherit the $80 million he had.
She had zero talent other than she was you know I don't know that she was good in the sack but she was at least busy.
You know right right she was busy in the sack.
Everybody in America claimed to have been the father of that baby and that's because they wanted to inherit that guy's $80 trillion.
$803 votes on a pool but that thing has slowed down to a crawl there's $804 a Chris they're coming in by the ones.
They're not coming in with those nice chunks like we usually have.
If the audience lets us down there's only one thing I want to say to them.
Yeah well that was back in the days when there you know TV auctions they used to have auctions.
When I hit my first satellite dish you know the big dish right back in the days when just about everything was in the clear there was nothing encrypted and everything was on there.
Well that was some really fabulous stuff including all those infomercials not like the pre-packaged ones we have today like the Ron Pope Peel one.
But those were like more schmaltzy ones you know.
There was that one guy who supposedly now won the Ron Pope Peel infomercials his Jewish uncle or whatever is Morris.
How does it go like Ron Pope Peel have a Jewish uncle?
I don't understand that maybe I don't know maybe Ron Pope Peel is Jewish what do you think?
His daughter sure looks like she looks like her real princess.
What explains the things?
Yeah I think maybe she used that vagimatic.
You know I could play that probably once.
Can I play it?
Ladies are you tired of unwanted hands creeping into your panty?
Oh well I think that's about that.
That's as deeply as we're delving into there I'll say.
I don't remember what it was like it was Bob and Tom I know that.
So if it was Bob and Tom A it was probably pretty funny and B it might have been a little bit dirty so we better not play it.
But I tell you what we will play one of these days soon.
She gets to the bottom of that.
I'm going to tell you if Jolly Joe well he didn't say that it was her.
I'll grant him that he said corporate.
Corporate doesn't mind you to play that no more.
Well they're scared she's got a soul if she if she catches wind of it okay.
I'll be more than happy to play it right right to her face okay.
Hey Joyce you know you bitch you you horror you whatever.
I got some wind she can catch.
Yeah there you go.
Don't start with that again it might come from that though.
Yeah that aroma might put her in a coma.
And of course Bush and the Congress would have to intervene.
Yeah Bush would have to come back to Florida.
That's right just like with Terry Shival.
Important things forget about it.
Just like we had to think with few more American soldiers who did today in Baghdad.
And they gave about two seconds on that if you were if you like we're looked away for a second
you wouldn't even see the story don't we go on to the dead whale or whatever that was.
The shark the whale whatever it is a whale of an animal.
Why are we so whipped up about freaking whales for Christ's and about sharks and about
the manatees now well what's the big deal with that well they're in danger.
Yeah and and so our American soldiers have he asked me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, scary.
I threw the box.
So, I tried, was, I tried.
As the third,
what does it mean?
No.
Jalice is with an IE on the end, by the way, not a Y.
Jalice is an old Frankie Lane song, there's something like that, but you don't have it.
No.
Good.
I love the jealousy song, it's been not that long.
You do?
Such as Natalie Merchant, Jalice.
Can Brothers be called West End Girl, Jalice?
No.
No, none of them are the right songs.
No.
How about Jalice?
You have any songs called Jalice?
Jalice?
Would be surprised.
Jalice?
Jalice.
Literally, Jalice from Old French.
So there was nothing wrong with my singing Jalice when it was?
Except that it's wrong.
No, that's not correct.
Yes, it's been what?
The point of view is Jalice.
If you can't emphasize the word, it's jealousy.
Okay.
If you've anglicized the word, it doesn't have what they're called.
Anglicized, you're anglicized.
You're anglicized.
You're anglicized.
You're anglicized.
You're anglicized.
It's called that's right.
That's right.
So just cut the crap.
Fueled by disappointment at the pace of change since Democrats assumed the majority on Capitol Hill,
public approval of Congress has fallen to its lowest level and more than a decade, according
to the latest LA Times Bloomberg poll.
Just 27% of Americans now prove that the way Congress is doing its job, the poll found,
down from 36% in January, dropped it like a rock and that's because there are bunch of
whims.
There are bunch of weak need pansies is what they are.
63% of Americans say that the new Democratic Congress is governing in a business as usual
manner rather than working to bring about the fundamental change that party leaders promised
after November's midterm election.
Key finding.
A third of Liberal Democrats who constitute the party's base approve of the job Congress is
doing 58% disapproved.
33% say, yeah, good job.
58% say, hey guys, use socket.
How do you like that?
Not good, not happy, man.
And that's politics, I got told you it's a one party system.
You got the worst, you know, you got different wings.
There's the left wing and the right wing and the chicken wing.
Is there going to be a chicken that is coming in today or what?
I'm going to go see him somewhere.
You're going to have a climb this and meeting with chicken?
That's right.
Well, don't do it at that restaurant that I ate at the week ago Saturday.
No, no, no, we'll do it where we're going to eat.
If you do do that, don't get that cowboy steak, man.
I'm telling you, it's the rum cut from their ass mounting.
It's the rough cut?
Yeah, the rum cut.
Oh, brother.
Talk about a major disappointment and after the big buildup I got, oh, yeah.
But it's the way it goes, you know.
Now this could be a phone call and I was a time pain.
But if it was a phone call, I just get up and walk out.
Well, that's the new deal, if I get any like even a minor interruption like, you know, like if I have to fart or something we allow.
I just go out of the room and let you bitch about David Watt's name for a half an hour.
Chase.
Chase and chase him down the road.
Yeah.
Chase's ass, okay?
Now, who's the one that sent me that thing this morning?
Oh, it was that pseudo intellectual, uh, then I deleted it right away.
Quit bugging me, Jerry.
The Abullian guy.
Well, no, Martin's for a sense.
And he says he's another one.
Yeah, another pseudo would make a good movie in 25 years.
All the suits hang together just like Jerry, the Abullian guy, you're a sued man.
Get the get out of my face.
Go away.
Anyway, secret UN report condemns US for Middle East failures.
Whoa, that must be a communist plot.
The highest ranking UN official in Israel is one that American pressure is pummeled in the submission.
The UN's role is an impartial Middle East negotiator in a damning confidential report.
Damning report, not just a negative report, but a damning report.
You know what the first thing that was that it said in the report?
Let me tell you what it was.
Yeah, that's it.
The 53 page end of mission report by Alvaro De Soto, the UN's Middle East envoy, obtained by the Guardian,
presents a devastating encounter failed the diplomacy and condemns the sweeping book out of the Palestinian government.
It stated May 5 this year, just before Mr. De Soto stepped down.
You ever see a De Soto?
I might have.
They were pretty neat looking cars.
They were made by Chrysler, plummet De Soto, Dodge.
What was the car in Christine?
What was that was it a Dodge?
I think so.
Book of Bridal, though.
What do you mean by that?
Because he knows about cars.
I see.
Especially old ones.
Oh, like the candy can afford?
No, not those.
The revelations from inside the UN came after another day of escalating violence in Gaza when at least 26 Palestinians were killed after Hamas fighters launched a major assault.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Mahmoud, head of the rival Fatah Group, warned he was facing an attempted coup.
Mr. De Soto condemns his real first setting on achievable preconditions for talks and the Palestinians for their violence.
Western-led peace negotiators have become largely irrelevant, he says.
Mr. De Soto is a Peruvian diplomat who worked for the UN for 25 years in El Salvador, Cyprus, and Western Sahara.
He says the international boycott of the Palestinians introduced after Hamas when the elections last year was at best extremely short-sighted and has had devastating consequences for the Palestinian people, those poor sluppers.
Israel has adopted an essentially reject this rejection as stands for the Palestinians.
He says the Quartet have been at least negotiators. The US, the EU, Russia, and the UN has become a side show.
Remember I was screaming about that? That crept with the Quartet?
The String Quartet.
The Roadmap and the Quartet and about a beep, Fatah Boop, but about.
And he says the Palestinian record of stopping violence against Israel is patchy at best, reprehensible at worst.
Mr. De Soto acknowledges in the report that he is the sole author.
It's meant only for senior UN officials and it's wording is far more critical than the public pronouncements of UN diplomats because I guess they want to stay alive.
In January last year the Quartet called on the newly elected Hamas government to commit to nonviolence, recognizes really except previous agreements when Hamas refused to sign up for the principles.
The international community halted direct funding the Palestinian government and Israel started to freeze the monthly tax revenues, it agreed to pass to the Palestinians.
Several hundred million dollars remain frozen and then probably in Jefferson's freezer in Louisiana.
If there's any frozen funds baby, check in his freezer right away. He says he was set up by the FBI.
And of course you know damn well he's going to turn into a racial thing and then El Sharpen is going to come to his aid right away in Jesse Jackson.
It's going to be a big racial thing you know that.
And then Kim Bocapro will go on the year and he'll say I said, but a beep, but a boop this and I said that yeah.
And I said yeah sure, likely story you dumb jock.
Frank and Melbourne says time for a year to listen, listen, how do you spell Barbish? It's not Barbish and Barbish and Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not
Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and nor Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish and not Barbish are you happy and happy?
how the menu is different. There was no macaroni and cheese thank God, although
no actually it was worse because then I got the stofers and had damn near
kill me. Right. But if the KFC, I hear they got to Taco Bell KFC this
particular one side by each. You know, the same same joint. Alright. And the KFC
menu I looked here to see if on the sides they had the macaron cheese they did
not. Huh. They did not have that. And the KFC didn't have the cinnamon sticks
for dessert. I guess they, uh, not that I need any more sugar anymore. Right. No.
No. In particular day, I guess they edit the menu when they combine them
like that. And it said something in their real Canadian cheddar cheese on a
man, but you don't got that where you are man. No, it sounds good. You don't
got your real Canadian cheddar cheese right. Stick to the real Canadian
cheddar. Yeah. As if that makes a difference. What does that mean from a
Canadian cow? As it, well, yeah. I sure hope I wasn't one of them angry
cow. The difference is it's not craft. Oh man. Only one thing they say of
craft. Yeah, that's it. 9.62. This is how hard we go over a thousand and they
will fear us. Then we'll be really dangerous.
I just saw a big sign in the side of the road that set the price for
gallant and full. All right. Oh, my God. I got it. That's you mean. That's as big as
a whale and I can't believe the gas is four bucks. I got the hammer and the
mileage is from me so only up some more of your gasoline money.
Four bucks is a really high price.
People can't believe that. Why you didn't
screaming. Quarant and a crying. I may have the site because I can't afford
buying for bucks. It's crazy.
Everybody's having to pay it. Pay it. I'm not sure. Thanks again Mr. President for
those low gas prices and then really strong American dollar. You piece of
you and I apologize to all the turret in the world for having said that. Putting
you in the same category with W. 991 votes on the pool before the segment ends
Chris we're gonna have a thousand votes and then it's just you know and they'll
still have downhill from there. It's like whirling a stone downhill. No jealousy
involved. With his resolution calling for the author of Dick Cheney,
representative Little Dennis Kitsonage today announced we knew the efforts to
impeach the vice president to which we say you go Dennis. The Ohio Democrats said
his resolution calling for Cheney's impeachment now has got eight
co-sponsors who soon has appeared with representatives Maxine Waters and Al
Wynn. Today at a press conference announcing the step-up efforts. Didn't see that
by the way on CNN. I might not have been paying attention at the moment. Did you
see it? I didn't see it. See what? The press conference announcing the step-up
efforts to impeach Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Cheney. Didn't see that. They're too busy
showing a bunch of ragheads in the Middle East. 15 state democratic parties and
11 state legislatures have passed resolutions calling for Bush or Cheney to be
impeached according to pro impeachment website after Downing Street dot org.
Waters' edition's co-sponsor Kitsonage's measure comes after she voiced
support for Cheney's removal last month. Waters has advocated impeachment for
Bush and Cheney since the least of summer 2005 after Downing Street be
sane. Other co-sponsors of Kitsonage's impeachment resolution are
representatives Lynn Woolsey of California, Barbara Leah, California, Yvette Clark of
New York, Jan Jacowsky of Illinois, and William Lacey Clay of Missouri, all
of course, Demo Crats. There are some people with some ball. There's eight of
many way, okay? Eight. Not too strong. Eight. Where's some Florida people? Okay? Where's
some of them Floridians that you'd like to see on there? Like what's his name
there from Boka? Bob, what's his name? Where's your name? No, he has Bob Graham, right?
You know something seriously. You want to have Jalice, Mr. 998 on the
Apple? Who is Mo overpaid? Anybody that says I'm overpaid, man? Oh look at that.
Look at how I moved up on list now, all of a sudden we're getting
freaked on this. We're getting freaked on this. Oh, gee, I feel so bad. You know what?
Don't feel bad. I'm going to take a lot of it to would by this afternoon and make
a nice contribution to the betterment of the breed. The greed for the breed.
You can be sure of that. All you ever know, maybe I win some vacation money.
You think? No. No. Who is Mo overpaid? Big company CEO is
440. I bet you while I'm reading the poll we're going to go over a thousand
999. The next one will be the thousandth vote on the poll. You'll go down in
history if we knew who you were. But of course there's no way to know. There we are
a thousand votes Chris. Not only that. All right. Thank you everybody. Shut up. Who is
Mo overpaid? Big company CEO is 440. 44% of the total almost half. Pro
Josh 251 overpaid dumb jocks. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Neil 108.
It was like, what was it? 37, 41, something a few minutes ago. And all of a
sudden while I wasn't looking, all these people on their lunch break looking to
pick on me. Oh, guess what? Too bad. Let me ask you if you think on the 10th and
the 25th of each month they've really bothered me. I know you weep you weep. Oh, I
weep. Why do I weep? Because these people are idiots. Actors 69. Lawyers 59.
Realtors 47. Stockbrookers 16 and rock stars. Solomentade.
D. Ace. So found for the H. You. And what how do I how do you say nine in French?
Noon. Noon. Noon. No. No. You said. Noon. Yeah. No. No. No.
Thousand six. Now sees we approach that thousand. A whole bunch of people got on
there probably some far missing a glam. I don't think too many far missing a
glam. Listen to this show. I could be wrong about that. Frank and Melbourne you
better get with it. Okay. It's far missing. Not whatever stupid word he was
writing. And the next thing they're going to want me to spell it. One thing about
you this you know you just you said to use common sense and no matter what you
make up it doesn't make any difference anywhere because it's not a real
language. I know there would be those linguists out there without no there's
such a language. There's like a unistic scenario about yeah okay whatever you say
okay probably AB I would be surprised if AB Solomon started the Yiddish
language. What would you think? By that somebody else on the Solomon. I bet she did speak Yiddish.
I mean my grandmother she was only in the country for 175 years and she still
couldn't speak no angles a little bit of few words here in there yeah kind of like
your people the old one I said now what about Mama Sita does she speak good
English or is she like my mother was an English teacher and when I
college in English and graduated in English as well as in Spanish and she
still couldn't pour pee out of a boot if the instructions from the bottom. Never
heard that one before. I thought you were I'd have heard you saying something
nice about Mama Sita but yeah another one of your other one of your
on-call for a vision. No matter how many pieces of paper you earned and put up on a wall
it still doesn't make you smart just mean you know how to take a test and you
have some short-term memory but yeah she speaks English just fine and so
everyone else in my family thank you very much including the old ones. Oh man
they spoke English before they came to America. Well good for them maybe they were
planning it you know maybe maybe they were castor of sympathizers yeah that's it
maybe they knew they were gonna have to bail out and so in preparation for it
they learned to speak in English well that's a good that's one good thing to say
about your my family your no count mama a top-armmy investigator has a
pie I think you were gonna say something yeah it's didn't start up just like
something really nice you know yeah and then he takes a real still a real cheap
shot Mama Sita I don't blame you she sounds like a bitch she is a top-armmy
investigators apologize to New Mexico National Guard soldiers who were ordered
to strip to their gym shorts and were searched for gang tattoos while they were
on duty in Kuwait more of that factory man any excuse to get guys naked it's
just I what is that yeah no tattoos were found on the 58 members of task force
cober making a made of of soldiers from guard units around New Mexico task force
members in the command of the New Mexico National Guard Brigadier General Kenny
C. Montoya have a leds unit was targeted because of its large number of his
panic soldiers see there you go again pick it on your people in a letter of
Thursday Brigadier General Rodney Johnson apologized for the man in which
this investigation was conducted and lots of trust that's resulted I wonder if
they were looking for tattoos on their Johnson Johnson provost Marshall General of
the Army and commander of the Army's criminal investigation command
said he knew the investigation has been gravely mishandled when he read in
newspaper that the May 2006 search led one task force member to say he didn't
feel like an American today although the search was lawful it's also critical
of my agents ensure that all soldiers are treated appropriately respectfully he
said I sincerely regret we fail to do so in this case and want to assure you
we've learned from this experience right Sergeant first class Frank Ramirez
member of the task force cober said the apology was appropriate and welcome the
Albuquerque Jrgen a journal reported Tuesday the Jrgen Albuquerque
journal I'm proud to be part of an organization that can do that that could
have swept it out of the rugged let it go said Ramirez a National Guard member
for North 19 years the search was prompted by an unsubstantiated
allegation of a soldier another unit who complained about gang activity among
soldiers and Kuwait an army investigation conducted shortly after the tattoo
checked and fooded the search was lawful and authorized and that a special
agent of the criminal investigation command acted appropriately and internally
quarried by the command also cleared the agent of wrongdoing however Montoya
said in June one letter to general Peter schoolmaker in the office of the army
chief is that that the unit was racially targeted and illegally searched for
body tattoos just because the unit consisted of a large number of Hispanic
surname soldiers how do you like that a ticket on your people probably next
to the party the ones that get those net tattoos and everything pretty nasty I
hate tattoos man oh I was telling somebody just the other day it's just drives
me up the wall I don't mind if only people get tattoos you know come what
differences maybe that's why I got maybe it maybe it kind of distracts
everybody else from their ugliness for looking people get tattoos and you know
and nature has given in this this you know they didn't do anything to be
beautiful I mean nature just had good genes you know and they were lucky enough
to be born good looking and they just figured themselves with all the
smuts in these tattoos and I want to say fast
yeah
freedom
freedom
freedom
freedom
IEAD
S
P
O
J
IEAD
S
P
O
J
I
M
R
M
R
M
R
j
IA
I'm
Cloud
PU
IA
PU
M
EE
Y
U
Rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book,
rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book
rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book
rear books, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, rear book, or your miseine hanale
We got a full 103, man, like WBZ in Boston.
Well, one of the great stations of all time,
Radio 103, WBZ.
How come every time I look at that pool number,
it relates to, and that's because I used to be in radio.
Yeah, me too.
Many long years.
I remember.
Remember those days?
Sure do.
But that's in the past, you know, you can't live in the past.
1,030 votes.
We got Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock,
hopper and a Mad Dog together.
This week is almost like a real schedule, you know?
No, I don't know.
Man, man, man, man, which is on a radio.
And spread the fact he hasn't gotten paid in two months.
Has the nine, did you check around
or voting is that true?
Or is that just not really rumor?
No, it's true.
I was talking to Curtis, and actually it's been since,
sometime in March, not April.
March.
April, May, junio.
That's like, at least two and a half months,
maybe three, depending on when in March.
Now, I thought that the X-Jocks we got on the radio,
and as much respect as I have for Jimmy Manwich,
I just, I wonder why a macho guy like him
would continue putting up with that crap.
I mean, if I'm him, I go in a jolly Joe Bell's office
and I start pounding on the desk,
and I just, I start kicking the desk, you know what I'm saying?
Am I right?
Yeah.
Where is my, of course, Crowded then, Crowded,
but then again, Manwich ain't no Crow, you know?
Manwich is like a real broadcaster,
he's got a real audience,
and got real numbers, and is really entertaining,
and can speak the language, and things like that.
As opposed to the Crow, he's now a wrestler.
I bet you he's not the only wrestler
that Bades and Kazmir are okay, I bet you that,
because most of the wrestlers I hear are, you know, like that.
Not the Crow though,
as the Crowfly, so he's over in Japan.
Maybe he's hanging out with that 17 year old guy,
she ought to be 18 by now, I would think, huh?
They're saying that student.
Oh, at least, yeah.
Well, there you go.
After the IDATA mining program,
Razor's eyebrows in Congress.
Too bad Andy Ruiz not in Congress,
can you imagine raising those eyebrows?
Take a foreflip to do it.
You know, one thing about me,
I'm really nervous about my eyebrows,
and they don't really look good.
What are you nervous about?
Well, because they don't go to the barber anymore.
I mean, when you go to a barber to get a haircut,
they trim your eyebrows, and they worry about it.
But now that I cut, do my own hair, you know,
with the Razor?
Right, but don't they,
don't you have like one of those trimmers like an old guy?
No, I do.
Oh, okay, well, that's it.
But I have a comb, I see.
You see how it works?
Right, just comb it out and snip the ends.
Yeah, no problem.
Is that okay to send your approval?
Oh, by the way, thanks to Bobby,
who, on my space, 58 plummet theory was the current Christine.
I know it was some kind of a dodge.
That's right.
58 plummet theory, that's a good movie,
and John Stockwell was in it,
and one scene, Dan near naked.
Oh, but anyway.
How, what year was that, Christine?
That's an old movie.
I would say, I wanna say 7 to 4 or 8,
It's 8 to 8 something.
Was it eighties something?
Come and Google it.
All right.
I'm Googling over here,
Christine, 83.
You're right.
And what's that goofy kid that was also in dress to kill,
He played Angie Diffinson's son in Driftick Hill goofy with the glasses
Well, that's a John Carburner movie by the way, right. I never knew that to this moment written by Stephen King
Uh-huh. I never knew that. That was one of the few
He's the he was the Arnie key to everything. He's all right
Yeah, and his own goofy way and John Stockwell played Dennis is good the close personal buddy
And there's no picture of John Stockwell on this thing you people are the wherever this the website is IMDB shame on you
There's a picture of Alexandra Paul. Yeah, she's cute
Flat but cute. Oh, she played the hooker, right?
She was a hooker
No, she was the witness. She was in the elevator. Alexander Paul was in Christine not dressed to kill
Oh, excuse me. No, sorry. See I got my movies confused. That's all right. Well, it's just a little jealousy
I understand can I get back to the story now if you must who am I thinking of I'm thinking of
The she wasn't a hooker. Well, she was a hooker. That's the Allen. She was just leaving a little work and getting the elevator and she saw that the body in there
And in the cop cabin to give kept giving her all that crap
You know, he was so typical one of those typical TV type cops in England. He was really cheesy
Whoever played the cop and dressed to kill am I right? Yep, the guy with a mustache. He was really a corn cornball cheesy
The movie was good, but he was like an actor out of a grade Z
sci-fi flicker something like that really
Lawmakers are questioning whether they proposed F.E.I. anti-terrorist program is worth the price both in taxpayer dollars and the possible loss of Americans
Privacy. Oh no
We can't believe that could happen under this current regime
The National Security Analysis Center, which would bring together nearly one and a half billion records created or collected by the FBI and other government agencies
I figured the F.E.R. expects to quadruple in coming years according to unclassified
FBI budget documented by the blotter on ABC news.com
Those numbers alone raised concerns from two congressmen
Representative is Brad Miller Democratic, California and James Sensenbrenner Republican of Wisconsin the chairman
American member of the oversight panel of the House Science and Technology Committee
The FBI has got a long track record of improperly even illegally gathering personal information on Americans
Most recently through the widespread abuse of so-called national security letters the two may noted and elected congress's investigative body the GAO
Miller and Sensenbrenner asked GAO to determine whether the NSA see will include records on US citizens
And whether there are protections to make sure that all the data in the program was legally collected a
Further concern to the two congressmen are the FBI stated hopes to
Proactively mine the data to find terrorists using predictive analysis
According to its budget request an unproven method of coronavirus was even the US intelligence office predictive
It's just incredible. I think someday you're going to be a terrorist
I'm predicting it. No, I'm looking to my crystal balls right now, man
And I think you're gonna be a terrorist. I'm gonna tell that to my lesbianies caregiver when we're driving a woodbine today
You terrorist you lesbian knees
And like that. He's a good guy
He means well, and I see more violence in Beirut
He's gonna be hucking about that. Bup bup bup bup. I'd say you want to think if you know how if you knew how they hate George Bush here
Then you'd have some idea of why America's in such held in such contempt around almost the entire globe these days
Around the globe they hate him like poison
But there's a picture of the Coliseo in Rome. What's that?
Oh, what does it? It looked like in 320 AD when it was home to a million people
Rome of the way they don't have that good food
So this 3d recreation the brainchild of a group of international tech wizards
We can and we do take people inside the Coliseum and even under the Coliseum
You know, I need to find I think it would be interesting reading since you can Google this about anything in the world and learn a little bit
Knowledge, I mean, it's wanting to say the Chinese and the Italians you know where the pioneers in pasta
Right and we figure out that Marco Polo brought it back to Italy from China. That's the popular rumor
But how did they learn to cook it?
To boil it you know what I'm saying like everything I'm sure through experimentation
But don't you see how and out of that it didn't say on the side of the box like cooking for seven or eight minutes?
No, no how'd they figure any of this stuff out?
Because they were smart and you know a lot like us like dumb they were smart. I'm afraid of
Before it happens you get it here on news and six L.A.'s top news theme
The hottest ticket law federal is right now isn't to a VIP party or an award. So it's to bomb markers last taping of the price is right
What do you want to win?
There's just something about the money man that makes him irresistible. What did you say?
I said I want to kiss my dear that can be a cool look down here, please
Doing and it's a pleasure to show you there
Seize your eyes on that. Oh give it to me. Let's try it in the car. I love see
Give it to me. The sofa and the jeep
I'm feeling mighty good right now. He's retiring after 35 years and we hope that you've enjoyed your visit to the price
Your life
News and six at least new Steve
Why show Friday?
Well, it's a good thing you're on Friday nobody's gonna be watching now listen between loving and noon
No, they're gonna be watching that NASCAR race with Kenny and Bo
They are evil you know if there's just something that not Kenny. I don't think he's evil
I just you know he just is what he is. What is that rock and roll talk host? Oh
You said you want to take a leak next to him or something like that sure maybe more than once really
And you do you guys can fagulate? Oh
Yeah, we talked sports, you know
All right, now I feel so much better. I feel better because I'm having a piece of cheese and you'll feel better
No, it's not craft good. It's Salani very nice. Made in Schomburg, Ontario
Salani sweet cheese. It's a Swiss shwites no carbs
I'm gonna write a book called killer carbs if it's the last and thing I do
I mean, I'm not a doctor will do it before you croak from killer carbs. Yeah
I'm telling you man. It's bad stuff. Refine carbohydrates are the worst the most evil thing in the world and
Nobody wants to talk about except Dr. Bob and he's dead
Dr. Bob to you know something I wouldn't be surprised if it was a plot
I would be surprised if it was
The down was a plot. Yeah, somebody ice cream people like I stopped the street. You know, I know was the middle of the portion there
Yeah, they probably
Probably put a like a big fan big blow. Yeah, I had a long tube
Had to be a plot because he was making a big comeback and then after he croakly all of a sudden after he died
Oh, yeah, well, you know what this really works and it brings down your blood lipids and then you lose weight
Yeah, even though you've been pooping it for years. This was you hated him. No, no
He was personally a whole but he had a good a diet. Yeah, yeah, all of him was whole
He was an egotistical bastard in person
I think you're gonna look here either way. No
I mean, I said right there with him for like always there with that person you were to witness
He's holding him 700 weeks the grief is realizing those people at the book and get a copy of his newer book after that
And he autographed for me and this is you know, and thanks for everything you do for us right well in the meantime
He gave those people at the store hell because they wouldn't treat him a celebrity issue
Nothing really. Oh, yeah, I want a microphone and I want to take questions and I want the things over here
And they're trying to explain to him look we're gonna have a lot of people here
We can't just have you doing this a personal seminar with all these people. We got a line out the door over here
Well, I was pitching a fit with those people maybe you want to cry
You never told me this I
Think you just told you that I told you that I wanted you to want to hear it because he was your best buddy
He was my best buddy, Dr. Bob. He was a rude egotistical P word
Rick
Oh, I
See okay, yes, I'd love some. Thank you
1052 on Chris's pool
You think you've been to 1100
Yes
If you could do a 100 I don't think so you got 55 minutes you'd have to get 48 votes. Yeah, I guess you could
Or narrowly 1100 on the show is not like you know
It's not stopped the press time
But when we started with that very low total and maybe that's something to do with the fact they didn't like this pool
I don't know why
And look how nicely I moved up on a pool. I got 11% of votes
Making too much money well too bad. I'm not giving any back. I
Give plenty of way man. I take care of everybody. I take care of the whole universe
Even George
I'm a cage now very occasion
Thank God, I'm just not worth the until the 6th of December. That's right
Now this thing that you just passed to me my eyesight is very good. I can read it's microscopic
I know if I can read this
Speaking of birthdays for yours next year magna vision reading goggles my career is all pair
Father George Cordova was arrested in Spain via the authority of
Provisional arrest warrant. He is awaiting extradition back to the US
Cordova was wanted for 10 accounts a sexual abuse in Yuma County and
Investigation about the human police department. I was in diamond in Yuma County superior court August 30th 2005
That's a five or six. I don't know if I'm read that small
Cordova's accused of sexually abusing two minors during his assignment to same Francis of this is the same story
I had yesterday same Francis of a sissy
I'm gonna have this story
So thank you very much to ever sent this in because obviously it's from one of our listeners, but I already had it on yesterday
No, it's one thing to be doing these stories. I'm traveling. I think priest. Well, let's not pile on for crying out loud. They might enjoy it
Oh
This is the same guy that sends all these stories right this is a guy
This is probably a guy that wasn't molested by the priest and was jealous or
Wasn't it that was a certain amount of jealousy involved maybe he was molested wrong no a
Priest from the diocese of rockhampton now where was that?
Is that
In
Central Queensland is that Australia? I didn't already send you this
Ex-Onihanta pre-story. Did I?
No, all right good here come keep the pre-stories coming baby
Okay, maybe some of the Catholics won't go to church on Sunday and keep putting the money in there so they can pay off the cover up all these sins
Well, this cheese is pretty good no carbs by the way
And that'll that'll keep that'll tie me over because I got a long afternoon of fighting the machines mine
A priest from the diocese of rockhampton molested a brother and sister in the confessional and
Behamed indecently with all two boys moments before conducting mass a court was told yesterday
Michael Joseph McCartle 68
Oh, yeah, this is Australia pleaded guilty in the district court in Brisbane to a trouble of 62 charges involving 60 56
Council of the decent dealing in decent dealing against boys under age under 14. What does that mean in decent dealing?
And six counts against girls age under 14
McCartle molested 14 boys and two girls age between eight and 13 in parishes throughout Queensland between 1965 and 1987
The centers involved were rockhampton while it goes on where they were but who the hell knows where those places are all over Australia
Prosecutor Michael Burns had McCartle molested all her boys and girls in the
Presbytery vestry the confessional and on church and school camps
Mr. Burns said he had one boy masturbate him just ten minutes before celebrating mass
It was through the authority of his office that he had access to the complainants and because of his
Percept in the community of being a person of high moral standing that took many years for his offending to come to light
Mr. Burns said he said missed he said McCartle victims came forward after publicity from interviews the priest gave to a journalist and
Which he admitted some of the abuse and claim the children had just wanted it to some extent they wanted it. How do you like that?
They wanted it
I wanted it. He doesn't
Not from him. They didn't want it, but they wanted it
They didn't resist to some extent they wanted it Mr. McCartle
Legitly said I'm not saying it was their fault just that they didn't object
McCartle was ordained in 1962 and retired in 1988 but was still performing private prayer services in
Butterberg until 2000
Bungaburg
He said he'd been confronted about molestation incidents three times during his priesthood the sentencing hearing before senior George Warren Howell is ongoing
Fry his Catholic ass
That's my suggestion, okay
Onionta while we know where onionta is man. It's in New York a
Catholic pre-I think I had this story to you. I had this one yesterday, too
Well, I just asked you about that. Yeah, but that was yesterday
You're asking me like if you asked me to send it today. Well, the guy who's just you're asking me about yesterday
This is yesterday. Yeah, I read these yesterday. This is from this ethier guy. All right
You know how much I saw Columbia County. I said this looks awfully familiar
You know, it's one thing for me to read these you know once
But then you want to pile on it's like Roger
You know, guys stuff fun and stuff twice the preacher guy
The preacher guy the guy that hates these preachers these yeah, well and rightfully so by the way
I have one thing to say it all these child molesting
Admin is a two-sold American. Yeah, that's probably what they were saying well all this stuff was going on they liked it
And they wanted it
Isn't that always the excuse she wanted her just wanted it. Yeah, they enjoyed it that begged for it
Yeah, I think it's friction and fiction
I'll combine it in one lots of friction and lots of fiction. I think in a friction. There's Tony snow
I believe took place after the personnel actually had taken place lying through his teeth
Another fox news shielder at the White House
And there actually are people with an IQ slightly larger than their little finger
No, they're up again. I think you're part of another right. Oh
Yeah, you're right. I forgot it's a mirror
Are Harley-R back topeople with white-up?
Who she may say what she
Then
Out
I'm going to get it.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Out of that now, we're going to get fired.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
The star will push the hose up with both two.
Sixer asks where her nose should not go.
Two of them along here can't teach each other three jobs.
And stop the straw and our show.
She flew out!
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired and pull.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired and pull.
How is that helped you get fired and pull?
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired one at two
at half.
What'sng mean bitch, should get fired and pull.
She von Fight the bitch bitch should get fired.
She, why that?
Out of that drop, dropping.
I got it, pull.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired and pull.
La!
117 and 560 to 7am happy Wednesday to avoid I sound happy or what that's because I'm off to woodbine in just a few minutes
And number two tomorrow is after 1 o'clock vacation time
And then after that when I come back it's summer a schedule time
Yeah, you're gonna have a great summer George one way or another
Oh, yeah, it's gonna be more fun than
Dunkin your head in boiling water. Well, at least
1073 on this pool you're gonna make your 1100 easy
What's going on with this crowd you almost think that the audience is back
You almost think that we actually really have an audience on this show now, wouldn't you maybe eat your heart out Joel
He's sitting on a street corner somewhere in Ojas head and hands
Maybe you suck Joel maybe that's the problem
Maybe Joe Rose has got a good point maybe you aren't a whole Joel
You're a wannabe
See what I think about cheese is not good when you're on here
But I want to know why it's a milk product for them. He right right like ice cream
Maybe I'm lactose intolerant. Maybe that's why I'm addicted to ice cream if you're just a via intolerant
1073 who is Moe overpaid the most big company CEOs for 68
43.6%
Pro jocks 270
Neil has moved into a respectable third place and you know, it's just so obvious man
119 they're piling on
Just they're jealous
Actors 73 lawyer 62 realtors 54 stockbroker 17 and rock stars only 10
We love the rock stars man the sky's the limit
Now especially when you're stealing their music anyway sure not paying for it right? That's why don't feel so bad
They're rich, and yeah, that's right. They're making all the big bucks. It's a big and spirit
The hell with them and that's why they're not paying for this show, you know
This is really something that this is kind of scary and you know what it highlights to me
It highlights the incredible mediocrity of the field at least for the Republicans anyway
Fred Thompson is adding more big name policy tellers is testing the waters committee continues to grow into a real
presidential campaign no
Among the new editions mark Esper national security adviser to former Senate Majority Leader Bill Fist
Joel Shen a top policy staffer on Bush Cheney 2000 and Elizabeth Cheney former top official in the State Department's Near East and South Asia Department
Esper who worked for Thompson when he was a senator in the 90s currently serves as executive vice president the aerospace industries of America and his member of the US
China Economic and Security Review Commission
Thompson previously served on the commission before joining a
AIA
Esper was Bill Fist directly national security affairs
Accord of biography of the US China Commission website
Esper's portfolio in that position included all defense foreign policy and intelligence matters for the USA for the Senate
Where he also worked on trade and homeland security issues he worked on executive legislative national security matters
An important job given the Bush administration's posture on a robust executive branch
Esper's current a1a aia
It looks like a1a and when you're a Florida guy, you know, you know a1a sure
Remember w aia a1a. Mm-hmm. Now we didn't later become the coast
I'm not sure. I'm trying to think about it. I mean later it became what was there what you called on
What do you call is a
GTR
Right 93 or 97 here and then it was the coast and now what is it still the coast? Yes. Oh, how sad
Joel Joel Shinra about goes on about all these different people who they'll curious
Esper Shin and Cheney were all well known and respected in the Washington foreign policy community in generally
We got it as hawkish and their views on national security. They will continue to give Thompson's foreign policy advice as they ever becomes a formal campaign
The informal group began meeting late last month and current plans are for weekly policy sessions like most campaign advisory groups
The foreign policy team will hash out current foreign policy issues and make recommendations to the candidate
It's members will also seek to anticipate the kinds of foreign policy and national security crises that might require answers from
Thompson
The actor the former senator the actor
Mugwam he is his dull and just wooden he makes algorithms seem like a Mexican jumping bean
That's how dull Fred Thompson is, but he hits jan or we know
Just in case you forgot you got 1084 under full man. We didn't even have to work up a sweat to get to 1100
What does that mean
Well, what do you think that means it's a good sign I guess yeah, I beg your pardon. Yes
See you say yes, George. Oh, you know you don't care. I don't care
But you know something you're gonna start care when you have to put the polls on there almost
Yeah, that makes me care more. I don't mind doing the news stories for you during the summer time
I gave your ass out especially now that I know they're not paying you an extra dime. What kind of a deal was that that normal?
God you hey, Norma you fairly easy Christ. I thought he was your friend. What made you think that? I don't know you're not his type. I know
Or mine. I know at least I try to take you your
So I was at Carthane coming by the way although I just mailed off the last thing to your accountant to pay the last payment on it
What am I accountant your cop roller and the bill paying guy there yeah, and when I get the title in the mail
I'm gonna go shopping with it and I'm gonna try to get a deal to minimize the impact on your life as usual
To minimize the impact on my life so that you're not spending any more than you have to obviously
Hey, listen, you know, I'm father of the universe anyway. I take care of everybody except ever the less never the less I get nothing
And don't take that personal for as I can just only spread it around so thin all these people
I think I make into much money if they knew how many people I was supporting you know right
And what's wrong with that I like spreading it around I
Like shmuring it around
Ariana Huffington
Democratic dinosaurs turned DC into the land of time for God
That cheese just you know, it's not it doesn't affect my blood sugar because you know, it's got no carbs my blood sugar is actually going down
but
Nothing that happened yesterday between noon and one that was as close to an on death ex uh honor death experience
With that damn macaroni and cheese
So I better not embarking reading any of these long stories here because it would be a bad idea
why
Because I can't do it. I just I just I don't have the I can't you hear it
A flood is the cheese baby cheese binding you up is binding up my throat
I took care of the binding problem earlier when I was playing that reader book for the 400th time today
Okay, I seize the opportunity because I I suddenly discovered that it was Joyce time some some people know when it's Miller time
Right, I knew it was Joyce time then I went in there and I rejoiced
Halle Luea and you know me I can do those kinds of things and just uh two shakes of a lamestail two shakes of my ass
It's amazing
But when you've been in this business so long, you know
You have to develop that kind of talent
It's always left it's always left people speechless
Especially when like new board ops you know somebody in their first time and I go running down the hall
Oh genius gonna be back before the break is over and I'm back with plenty of time to spare everything
Oh, you can't done no serious business now. Let me tell you I did serious business
Serious you know I mean by serious. Mm-hmm. I'm not talking about with an eye serious with an eye. Well, there is one eye
It's a back home ground
1090 on the pool by the bottom of the hour. We're gonna have 1100 then then it'll be on the front page of the hill
There's that little a weasel Alberto v. O five Gonzalez and Tony Snow is talking more lies and more crack, you know
I guess you know Paris Hilton's story is short
Paris Hilton says she will no longer act dumb. I'm right. I see that's early on the show
The reality TV star and relentless publicity speakers spoke with Barbara Walters by phone Sunday
A day after releasing a statement saying she hoped the media would focus on more important things than her jail sentence
I used to act dumb that act is no longer cute ABC quoted her a saying
After spending three days in jail in a reckless driving case
She was briefly released to home confinement, but we've been a boop at about she's now housed in a medical ward of a maximum security
Detention center. Hopefully they'll keep her there forever
According to ABC News the Colquing after Hilton's mother Kathy
Tho-land Walters
During the conversation the 26-year-old socialite called her mom on another line
Found out that her mother was talking to Walters and then called Walters collect
All JL inmates are required to call collect
Hilton's been saying that she's charged changed by her jailhouse experience and she repeated the theme with Walters
Now I would like to make a difference. She said God has given me this new chance. Oh
Yeah, God help me man. Yeah, I'm gagging on it. Oh good
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dom at people killed with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and they only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The nooks there toe to man the right wing is drilling it over and over into our head
That iraq has some weapons of master's corruption
Oh
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be counted
Going after symptom to play kato sama. There's no longer mention of the name in lot and but no one seems concerned all
Humphie and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and
Right wing is drilling it over and over and over to our head
Oh, that iraq has some weapons of master's corruption
Oh
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ash crop is saying I have nothing to hide
Table parkers all are saying blind obedient cattle don't have any reservation
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall in hallowed virgin and stoke with no objection at all
Then the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and over
Oh
I rack has some
Weapons of master's corruption
Oh
I rack has some
Weapons of master's corruption
Over that bomb squad we move devices at wing valley high school in for safety joys. Oh boy
It's just a part of going to school every day now, right?
Nobody with a gun anybody with an abamukarande or pecania or whatever
133
202 a qm I do have an article that you're like
Yeah marine doubt
Marine down the times today a tale of two tonis exiting tormented
You don't think she riffs david chasing her do you?
Let's hope maybe oh she does
They're both going out not with a bang, but with a bing she says as they go dark the two tonis are bitter
Paranoid and worn down by their enemies and scheming worst-while allies
They both live in a bleak universe of half truth. By the way, we got 102 votes
They both live in a bleak universe of half truth compromises and betrayals a world change a world change
Utterly by the violence they said in motion. They were both brought low by high stakes mistakes
Tony Blair fears the feral beast Tony soprano is the feral beast
The two tonis found that their skin was never thick enough and they stumbled in a trouble with their juniors junior bush and junior soprano
Before he steps down into weeks Tony Blair decided to lose one of those self-pitying Tony soprano style rants
The drug doctor melfy determinate him call it number 10 downer downer street
The fear of missing out it means today's media more than ever before hunts in a pack Mr. Blair said in a speech at Reuters in London
In these modes, it's like a feral beast just tearing people in reputations to bits, but no one dares miss out
The British Tony actually begins to speech reflections on the future of democracy in the media
Or why don't you love me with the world whacking as in this is not my response to the latest whacking from bits of the media
Of course it is at least partly talk about hoist on your own press
When Tony Blair announced last month that he would step down the press that wants doated on him devoured him
The commentary was a frenzied complaints about the slick Blair spin machine that manipulated the media and turned British discourse to rot
The movie The Queen recounted the young prime minister's triumph when he helped spin Diana's
Post-Mist Images the people's princess and controlled the high bound worlds into listening and responding to the feral press beast
That was tearing the monarchy's reputation to bits
But when the beast as Evelyn was slightly called his British newspaper in scoop turned on Mr. Blair over various scandals
Most importantly is unholy allowance with W on Iraq. He grew to solution the lion tamer walled by his own lion
The final consequence of all of this is that it's very today to find balance in the media Mr. Blair said
Things people issues stories are all black and white. Life's usual a gray is almost entirely absent
Some good some bad some things going right some going wrong. These are concepts aliens into today's reporting. He said
Marine says I worry more about the press when it's reverent rather than irreverent when it's a tame lapdog
As was in the build up to a rack than when it's a feral beast and I worry about politicians like W and Blair being black and white
Rather than gray as if they were building their own hysterical phony case against Sodom
We would have been well served back then if Mr. Blair had explained to the junior that there are some good some bad and some gray in the world and sometimes
It's smarter to squeeze tyrants rather than shock and all them
On his first visit to Baghdad Monday Gordon Brown vibe never to repeat his partner's mistake of politicizing intelligence to go to war
We'll have to wait to see if David chase the garbo of Gumbas now pursued by the feral beast of disappointed
His parents as feeding his paranoid and thin skin as the two Tony's as deeply surprised by the consequences of his actions
Mr. Chase and apocalyptic tees gave us a gimmicky and unsatisfying film school style blackout for an end to his mob saga
One stunt above a stunt one not so above it was all a dream
It was the TV equivalent of one of those design your own mug places
Even though I love the first few years of these sopranos Mr. Chase always struck me as passive aggressive
The more fans obsessed on his show the longer his hiatuses would grow and the slower his narrative velocity move
His ending was equally perverse throwing them all
Contemplary back at his fans after manipulating them and teasing them for an hour with red herrings and a ginger cat
After references and three shows the eights the second coming the last illusion that the rough beast slogged a toward Bethlehem by a day at the dinner table in the final scene
The least Mr. Chase could have just up with some mere anarchy
Surely after eight years with his family we deserve some revelation better than life goes on or not
The only revelation was that Mr. Chase and James Gandalfine are keeping their options open for a soprano's movie
Leon Beaselteer the literary editor of the new republic and a soprano's a fissionado who liked them might or might not ending
Tells me I made too much of the foreshadowing of the eights poem
It's overused to express unhappiness
He said if you're at a restaurant and you want to link Winnie and the only have Manek outie we're slots into her Bethlehem
She didn't like it
Right needed to any one else
Well except from the civil war let's hate shills and the suits yes
And here I always thought marine was maybe a little bit of a suit with all his big words. He likes to use that
She's not she's just smarter than I am that's all
And that's why she writes to the New York Times and I work for the beastlies, but that's okay
Making a couple of bucks much too much according to the audience way too much
How could I keep feeding the horses it would buy no by way the slots if I weren't making all that money
115 votes who is more overpaid
You know that cheese that that was that was a good lesson. I just took there you know
Because even though that particular brand of swiss has got zero carbs and which is fine, you know right?
I had a bad hard medical loving yeah, it's still got it's cheese man right
It's got killer electose
So you can't eat carbs. You can't eat cheese. I think the only answer is yeah
eat dirt
1110 on the pole
You know something if we really pushed on this we to made the 1150 that Chris was battling about earlier in the show
Would you to just pick that number out of your ass of course
Who is more overpaid big company CEO is 44% form eight of the eight
Projox 277 about a quarter 25%
Neil 121 11% think I'm paid too much well screw you mama so socks and hell
Actors 75 lawyers 66 real is 56 stockbroker 17 rock stars 10 and by the way those 121 people guess what you're not getting in my will either
Goodbye Charleston Riley
We rested your head on your favorite bill
That you use to fight to help enjoy your underground view
Whoo, you'll need a pair of concrete shields now
Maybe letter of route to keep you from floating
The more of what so dumb that when she paid a visit to your grave instead of flower she placed it to pay
That purple on yourself hard up you would think in your day
When you couldn't say that you were
Hey, but that's okay
To everybody
You anyway
You failed
You
Don't bellow we spread summers and her husband jack would like to say
That's
145 at 560
And I mean you hear I'm sorry chicken that got it careful so he's getting paid is that what you told me the eventually now
No, it's not straight now. They're doing something. He might get paid this week and you know
What do you mean they're doing something like they're taking a choice
Okay, that's doing something. Yeah, I did that
Clarissa Gilgay did make me any money. He said he wouldn't be great if he could get paid for that
That would be great
How about your Chris with all of his eating situation number to eat make a lot of money probably make a lot more that way
Anyway can now you can make a big splash in that business
Wouldn't be the first time
1122 on the pool you're right mr. Nio you're right. We could made 1200 if you really really pushed on that earlier, but yeah, it's fine
Don't set the bar too high is what I always say actually I never say that but then I'll say I did say that once before I'll say it again
Don't set the bar too high. Don't make unrealistic goals, you know
Like Chris, you know if you want to get up to like three four bucks an hour someday that might happen
Yeah, I keep hoping but don't don't set it to like five six bucks an hour. What did you tell us that you were making an hour?
Or did you tell me he didn't
Maybe it's too embarrassing correct. It's less than 10 yes
Now listen five no, oh, I think a minimum wage is higher than that
Under this box and not these we got it now you think minimum wage is is higher than five bucks an hour
I believe so no, okay, whatever you say
The head of the FBI's Boston office is warning the region's top universities to be on the lookout for foreign spies
Or potential terrorists who might be trying to steal unclassified yet sensitive research
FBI warns colleges to watch for its spies is a headline here
An FBI agent spent recently with officials at Harvard MIT the University of Massachusetts and other schools to train professors
Students and security staff how to recognize anyone who might be trying to exploit research
More visits are scheduled as part of a larger nationwide program since special agent in charge war and Bamford
He stressed that the FBI isn't seeking a sense of information or stop the free flow information just raise awareness
Right
The academic community is designed to be open and we just have to make the community aware
He said Worcester, Politically Institution President Dennis Burkey said the FBI told researchers to protect laptops
Especially in foreign countries and to be worried about who contacts them about their work
The general point was if there's unnatural or honest plan interest in your research and your nervous about it
Here's how to be in touch with us Burkey said he said WPI already takes precautions to protect research
That's Worcester Politic Institute WPI
Or some might say Worcester
How stupid you have to be to say Worcester
Worcester should have to say jealousy yet Worcester Shire
Boston College will probably follow some of the FBI's advice folks from Kevin Shay said Boston College was very appreciative of their outreach
John Reinstein who sounds and what kind of a Jewish guy's name John
Legal director of the ACLU of Massachusetts Express Reservations about the program
Witting there could be a chilling effect on students or researchers
Are you go ask all the questions you want to ask if someone is out there taking notes and reporting the FBI you ask the question
Which they perceive this suspicious he be asking huh
And I think that was followed by a musical if I I scooted all up by this
Right and should have been anyway
1130 in our prestige is full about who's most overpaid and all those people have said me
Jalice is a bad I'm glad we got that whole jealousy thing today
Because that's what it's all about right. It's a very bad trade, you know
Like Rick Riley was always jealous. What did you say? Yeah, that was among his issues
Now you're gonna start picking on him again. You always deny that you hate him. I don't hate him
Or dislike him. I did at a time and we got over it
You always deny that you don't like him
No doubt
The risk of suicide among male U.S. veterans is double out of the general population according to a study published this week
We need to be more alert to the problem of suicide as major. I want to write a suicide among broadcasters is
Wow and radio salespeople
Not what it should be not anywhere near what it ought to be, you know
There's Todd direct still worked there by the one sure
Todd wreck and PD Lenny who came back and Brian Schmutz
Yep
We need to be more alert to the problem of suicide as a major public health issue
We need to do better screening among individuals who have served in the military probe for their mental health risk as well as
Gun availability said dr. Mark Kaplan professor of community health at Portland State University in Oregon
lead the author of the study
For 12 years Kaplan and his team of researchers follow more than a hundred four thousand veterans
What served in the armed forces at some time between
1917 and 1994 and compared them with more than 216,000 non-veterans
In all between 1986 and 1997
500 eight of them committed suicide
197 veterans and 311 non-veterans
After adjusting for a host of potentially compounding factors including age, time, and service and health status
The study showed that those who have been in a military were 2.13 times more likely that I have suicide over time
A biggest risk were veterans who were white those who had gone to college and those with activity limitations according to the study which was funded by the national institute of mental health
Still Kaplan wouldn't say that the study proves that military service itself results in an increased risk of suicide
I never feel comfortable claiming a casual relationship
He said or is that causal causal excuse me. What's getting late in the day, you know? That's that cheese life is too complex
No surprise was the finding that veterans were more likely to use guns to end their lives than whether non-veteran counterparts
One and to unanticipate the finding was that being overweight
appeared to confer protection from suicide by more than 50% Chris
So in the old way, it appeared to confer protection maybe all of that comfort eating might do it
Oh, I feel suicidal, but you know since there's some Ben and Jerry's fish food might come me down right now
Some briar score ice cream maybe a leader take me to your leader might come me down. I'll put away the gun
That interesting uh-huh
And of course those of us who are overweight a lot of times it's been said it's kind of like a slow-form a suicide death by carbs
Kaplan said of a posity of that on the subject, but said it might have to do with the fact that people are underweight
I'm more likely to smoke and smokers are more likely to be depressed
I never heard that before did you?
Nope
Smokers are more likely to be depressed and you want to know the reason why they're smoking the wrong thing? No
Because there's no more cigarette advertising. That's why they'd be pressed back in the day when it was cigarette advertising and on television
magazines
Full-page ads everywhere you look there was another full-page ad
Things that would keep you know in a might and better mood
Like
Yeah, how can you not have a good chocolate with that right right
Well, there you go smoking now. What does it say against smokers are what?
Deep press that line again smokers are more likely to be depressed
Maybe it's because they keep coughing it's your
And maybe they feel that big tumor growing in their lungs. Do you think that might be it that could be
Like in a movie the great city to to to to to tumors in that to trouble
I'm dying on the hand joy
is
huh
Absolutely
The
ads
P added a lot of
I'm going to be a good man.
Joyce won't let me go.
Joyce won't let me go.
Joyce won't let me go.
I don't want to hear anything more.
I'm not meant to talk about me.
Anybody out there, I'm not around.
I'm sure I take up the windows,
care about it, I don't get it.
I'm afraid about me.
I just got to be just going.
I don't think I'd get to this business
and don't let anything keep wanting that out.
You better wake up, boy,
you're spending that long in some Joel Tesla DS.
A kid now understand.
Hmm, you know.
He's just, you know, he can play the ball.
Oh, he's been here.
The biggest name of the best tapes
Alex, you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
Explore 3DO 560 WQAM.
Miami, for a lot of days.
