I'm glad the holiday season is dead.
Yes.
Had enough work but it wasn't no club man.
And now there's an egg in inside my head.
But still got light up on your home.
But after midnight, I'm telling you everyone.
Should have taken them down.
Take them down, you lazy bum.
You need a job to feel the aims to top, top, top, top.
One down the line.
Take down the line.
Should have backed them up.
Can you wear me one, one, one?
Three.
Who cares?
596.
A very strong second.
That's what I voted.
Who cares?
Who gives a flying choice?
Liar 348.
Is that streaming gonna stay down?
No, it's back up again.
But we've had a dozen dropouts in five minutes.
Coward 198.
Who's next saving 186?
Loser 161.
Loser.
Absolutely correct sir.
Great coach, 51.
That's the joke vote I guess for Friday's poll.
Trigger 46 and I hate this poll.
Only 24.
Solventay Uno.
Only 1%.
They liked it.
Well it's something to them to get all whipped up about.
It's gotta always be something negative in South Florida.
We hate you know.
Camplin revises Roller Q.A.
Oh anyway before we get to that, here's today's poll.
Speak in a hate.
Yeah.
Well.
He's a freaking genius 248.
If I'm such a genius, then how come I'm working for these people?
That's my question.
People that can't even get a facts sent from your house to their ass.
Those bedtime stories 32.
See that's contrary to your thinking.
To hear him suffer 27.
18 dropouts and it's dead again.
It's down.
The streaming is down.
Let's back up.
18.
So very jackass rights.
Ed Camplin, whose late night talk show was dropped recently by WQM5.
60 cents Saturday.
He'll remain at the station with a new rule.
Camplin will be the host on the show from 7 to 10 p.m.
Week nights when WQM doesn't have a game.
Which is not tonight.
The stands for nothing.
Absolutely.
They're married men who now walk with a spring in their step.
Did you lose weight though?
Their wives are happier now that their husbands have talked to their doctor.
Tonight on Dateline NBC, join me, Chris Hansen, as we take a look into prescription
male enhancement products.
This is just like any other middle class neighborhood.
And this is Bob.
Bob talked to his doctor and got a prescription for enzyme, the male enhancement.
What are you doing here Bob?
God, who are prescription male enhancement?
How did you get my bedroom?
It's not looking at my wife.
What's going on?
Tonight on Dateline NBC.
Who is that honey?
It's a Chris guy from Dateline.
Want a lollipop little boy?
10, 16 to 5, 60.
So anyway, here's a reply.
I've got a tree now to my blog already.
Not exciting.
But the only reason I'm going to read this one is because it's interesting.
And it's from Allied Radio.
Who the hell is Allied Radio?
Do we know what does that mean?
I don't know.
It's somebody.
Some guy.
Anyway, it says, you know, I don't find that stuff boring at all.
In other words, am I talking about the Myspace crap?
It says, I guess it's because I know what you're talking about.
So, we'll be correct.
Sure.
698 in the pool.
We're going to have, well, we might make our thoughts.
I don't know.
So, Josh is training Chris today.
Is that the deal?
Yeah, he's sitting next to me right now.
Sitting on your lap?
Yes.
You should see it.
They're facing each other.
They're facing each other.
They're giving good face.
Well, whatever.
Here's the fact that came in this morning from Lew and Tammy.
We listen to you for multiple reasons, for a laugh, for multiple orgasms,
for a laugh, for the stories, for the way you reacted to the calls,
and for your genius.
All I'm a genius is looking at people I'm working for.
We've got 37 dropouts on the screen.
We've been on for 18 minutes.
Keeping our pace of two a minute and then a little bit extra,
just like I said, for a clear suck on the ear.
But those tapes are, first of all, there's not going to be any tapes.
Okay?
Because there isn't going to be any extension.
I'm not, yeah, I've got two years to go less a week.
Not that I'm counting.
In fact, on the blog, I'm going to figure out exactly how many days I have left
in my two years, and counting them down on the blog on Myspace.
Well, you can put a countdown time around your Myspace.
Can I?
Sure.
How do you do that?
Well, you can help me with that, since you're the technical wizard.
Right.
Anyway, getting back to this, I don't want to get all whipped up about this,
because what's the point?
Nothing is ever going to change with this after if there isn't food that a long time ago.
If you want to see any commentator or any talking head on TV who really tells the truth
and tells it like it is, and it's got a big, gigantic pair,
then he's the guy in MSNBC, 8 to 9 PM on countdown nightly, Keith Oberman,
MSNBC.
I know almost to be under the age of 100 don't watch MSNBC,
and certainly, hopefully, don't watch CNN, and that propaganda like Wolf Blitzkrieg,
that crap.
700 main reason I listen to Neil is, for laughs, total 9 to think,
because in honor of the fact that everything is technically so screwed up,
since they listen for laughs, I'm thinking, I can put that like on an end of the loop,
and just look so cool, if that's what you're talking about.
There you go, right?
Huh?
What do you think?
And then maybe every now and then just a variety,
throwing something a little bit different.
Yeah, what's that?
Let's laugh about that a little bit.
I know, it really gets my panties in a while.
Cut it out.
Calm down.
728 votes on the poll.
The main reason I listen to Neil is, for laughs, 299.
Anybody want to camel?
He's a freaking genius, 275.
I walk a mile for a camel.
You know, it's too bad all you punks for a 200 remember when we had a cigarette advertising,
the Faggot advertising on TV.
I remember.
Lucky Streck means, fine tobacco, LSD,
and FT call for Philip Morris that was Johnny,
he was the little guy, little midget guy.
Let's see, here's the fact that it's just trying to listen on Jonathan's plantation.
I've been telling you that you can't listen online.
It says, it's next to impossible today, that's right,
because we've got 51 dropouts in 24 minutes to be.
Biker and Blykker and fourth in New York City is where the source of the,
boy, it must be some heavy duty farting, huh?
It must have been an Mexican fiesta over the weekend, think?
Maybe Taco Bell, right?
Maybe Taco Bell was given a two-for-one burrito or something.
I still haven't get it over to Taco Bell lately.
I apologize to myself for tonight.
I love Taco Bell, and even the smell.
738, and I never finished reading this.
For last 304, he's a freaking genius to 80 ride.
Those bedtime stories, 36, 53 dropouts in 26 minutes to hear him suffer 31 like today,
because QM is a technical disaster A industry joke.
The crazy caller is 28. I'm bored 23.
I hate this pull 23. I break from all sports 12, and I hate Neil back.
Just like our management does, 11.
Sounds small business.
Congratulations, get alive.
I feel good.
Pete and I are here in heaven.
Bye!
It's President Jareb R4.
Hello, James Brown, hardest working man in show business.
You know that song, Hot Pants, has always been one of my favorites.
Take it, Jareb.
I've always considered you a great man.
And as you know, it's a man's world.
In for those!
Saddam Hussein.
How did he get here?
I don't know.
I'll call St. Peter.
He's one of my favorite five.
Hello, St. Pete.
It's Gerald Ford.
I don't know how to finally know him.
You know Saddam Hussein is here with us, right?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Typo?
I see.
Okay, thank you.
What did he say?
Good job.
Wait for it.
Get it from the other hand.
Okay.
I'm in.
1031, we're almost keeping up with that.
We have 59 dropouts, but the streaming is back up.
It'll stay there for a couple of seconds.
It'll drop out again and back up.
And nobody can listen online.
Very good, Joe.
You're really doing it.
You want to crack engineering staff viewers.
The Beesley production, baby.
I'm not holding anything back anymore.
These people are a joke.
They're an industry joke.
They're an insult to my intelligence.
I have to work in the business for about 100 years.
I've never seen so many people with such little professionalism.
It's schlock.
You know, fish off in the morning and fake your way through the day
and schlock your way through life.
It's a schlockhouse.
59 dropouts, 750 votes on a pool.
All the numbers all the time.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry I just shut off the radio.
Good morning.
Good morning.
I had so much excitement and pleasure
after viewing the Patriots' win yesterday.
It was on that final play, the return to reception for a touch now.
I'm Brady.
Had that defensive back in his arms and I said,
oh my, what do you like to have been there?
Yes.
Okay, good thinking, pal.
You're right on target all the way around.
Would I like to be in Tom Brady's arms?
You bet.
I wouldn't mind being in Ryan Phillips arms in that movie.
I saw last night.
I never mentioned that on the year.
I saw what you did last summer.
I know it's all.
I saw who you did.
I know who you did last summer.
I know who you did last summer.
In a Ryan Phillips case, believe me, it would be a long list.
Boy, he sure looked good in that movie.
Man, he wasn't talking like this.
He talked like a real hot punk.
You know, I might have liked that movie if you weren't talking like this.
He wasn't talking like that at all.
And who else was in that?
What's his name?
Freddie Prinz, Jr.?
He looked pretty good, too, but you know something I always liked him.
I thought he was kind of a...
I don't dislike him as much as I wanted to.
I'm talking about how he looks and I'm talking about his acting.
No, he's adequate.
He's okay.
I have a relation about the fact that we aren't streaming our show right now
and haven't been for many minutes.
No.
Well, why not?
Well, just weren't told him.
We're back up again.
62 drafts, but we're back up.
Who did you tell, Josh?
No, he's out of the room.
Oh.
He's out there screaming and yelling and banging on the door and engineering.
You morons!
What are you doing to the neorodgers, you're again, you idiots, you lunatics!
But, you know, you had it right when you suspected it.
It probably wasn't on, you know, anyone's end.
It wasn't what?
It wasn't what?
Probably not on anyone's particular end, if you know what I mean.
Like something wrong with the line again.
I'm assuming you're talking about?
Yeah.
Are you sure?
No.
I wouldn't put anything past that bunch of...
I mean, the fact that we go through an entire day last week
in a major market radio station and we can't send the facts,
we can't send a freaking facts.
Jesus Christ, they're going to have to get us a new building.
They're close to kinkos or staples or something like that.
What kind of goofball, huh?
That's a good idea, maybe if they've moved it downstairs or something.
A kinkos.
If they move lockdown stairs.
Like a...
What is downstairs?
Now I know the credit unions go on.
What's downstairs now?
Oh, it was empty for a long time.
Just now they remodeled it and they got like some world financial or something.
I bet you they got a facts machine.
Probably.
It works too.
The dentist office downstairs too, probably.
And I bet you the dentist has an orifice too.
WQIM, hello.
Neil!
Yes, sir.
I love your show, man.
I'm all for science and research and stuff but the cloning thing,
I can't figure why.
Why do they want to clone animals?
I mean, don't we have a shortage of chickens and cows or something?
No.
I don't know what's going on.
Anyway, I really love your show.
Could you play that thing that used to be the girl from Empazema, Empazema?
The girl with Empazema, you got it, Pali.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, if you got him a smoking baby, and the S-faggot's too.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
Let's see, that's the other word, a girl with Empazema.
Coming up by any moment.
I might play it till two o'clock because I'm so nauseated and disgusted with all the stuff that's going on there.
Hey, smokey, Joe, let me tell you something, man.
You have really changed my altitude a lot.
And a start with that really crappy lunch too.
That's steak.
I wouldn't feed that steak to my dog if they were still alive.
They were the evening, though.
That's the problem with them.
Oh, yeah.
My mother killed Tiny.
You know that.
Every time we come back from vacation, that dog would have pancreateitis, and he'd have that look on his face.
By the way, Jason and Pendle stopped trying to facts that article about Jared Lido.
It's not coming through, and it's just a tiny up the machine.
She's got an article about Jared Lido.
I want to see it right now.
No, that's okay.
I don't naked right on.
I want to see Ryan for Leap now.
See, that movie was 1997.
So, that's...
Am I right about that?
I'll tell you a little bit more.
So, Ryan for Leap was like 22 and that movie was made.
I'm going to tell you, he never looked better in the history of his life.
At least I've never seen.
He looked pristine and clean, and he was speaking like, yeah, he's supposed to be like a punk.
Not talking like destiny, thing funny like that.
He looked good.
How come I never saw that before?
I was teen screened.
That's probably why.
It was okay.
I mean, it was way overdone.
And, you know, it's just the Zygdon's egg.
But it kept you, you know.
And then, of course, he dies toward the end.
But then, again, so there's almost anybody else I'm not ruined in the movie for.
Who doesn't die is a pretty famous junior who, yeah.
And the one chick, what the hell is that?
Who was in it?
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Jennifer Love Hewitt.
Jennifer Love Vera, Michelle Geller.
Yeah, right.
And the two of them were young and pristine with big, shapely, simple boobs.
So there's something for everybody in that movie.
I saw who you did.
I know who you did last summer.
Can you imagine, God, I might talk about Ryan Philly.
He could do anybody he wanted to, basically.
He's one of those people, you know.
There are a few people like that.
Not too many who could do just about anybody they wanted.
You know, like Brady Quinn, Tom Brady, the Brady Bunch, Alice, WQA, and Hello.
QA, and Hello.
Hey, I saw that on your computer.
Are you faxes?
I had the same thing in my computer.
I went to rjones.com.
Yeah, yeah.
Maybe that's where that smell is coming from.
WQA, and Hello.
I'm Drankin.
WQA, and Hello.
Oh, keep going.
QA, and Hello.
QA, and Hello.
WQA, and Hello.
Okay.
WQA, and Line 9.
Hello.
Oh, now this thing is acting up again.
It's doing strange things.
WQA, and Hello.
Hello, and Hello.
Yes, T.
Yeah, I did see.
Yeah.
Okay, that takes care of all the calls for today.
806 votes on the pool.
And I noticed by the way that the crazy callers are way down the list there.
They're not doing well at all.
I can't imagine why.
And by the way, thank you so much, Joyce Fitch, for your tremendous cooperation
to help make this show what it could be, okay?
To help make it a shadow of what it should be and could be.
Because this is the company that refuses to cooperate.
We always have this adversarial relationship because they just...
It's not that they can't, but they won't.
They won't do it.
They won't lift up pinky finger, man.
And by the way, we're still up, and we still only got 62 dropouts, and you're like that.
A rad.
So maybe since Joyce went back there and threatened the George Corsa with death.
He threatened to bring a...
What's his name over from the West Coast?
Bob Vermouth.
If you guys can't get it straight, now we'll bring a real engineer over Bob Vermouth.
And he sure did a great job.
You should have seen when he left an Amsterdam.
The Dutch engineer guy thought he was going to kill himself.
He just left.
He just left a mess there, and as you recall, it didn't work worth a crap.
Remember the one day I put Rimmeron trying to call me?
Oh, yeah.
I remember the day you tried.
Yeah, Rimmer Underwater, which is not a bad idea.
The main reason I listen to Neil is for laughs, 333.
He's a freaking genius, 305.
That's why he works for a bunch of far-bison at Goiam.
With an IQ, the size of your little digit, those bedtime stories are only 39.
To hear him suffer 34, those crazy callers only 29.
Why don't you hear that crap?
Because on board 27, a break from all sports is 14.
I hate this pull 13, and I hate Neil, a dirty dozen.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is your place.
Good news, ladies and gentlemen.
We have finally located weapons of mass destruction.
It's Dick Cheney.
Dick Cheney tried to help out.
Max, I'm Sean, I got with mailman.
All men should celebrate their women.
They should all jump on couches for them.
But he spheres his pregnant again.
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie have made a formal request to the world's journalist
to leave them alone while they're in Africa.
That's Paris, help him out of concussion.
How would you know?
Rolling Stones guitarist Pete Richards is recovering from a really bad weekend.
He fell out of a tree and crashed in Jetsky all the same day.
You know the war is part of the heat wave across the country.
This algorithm or walk around going.
I told you so.
The former playboy playmate, Adam Nicole Smith, may be pregnant.
Star Jones has been fired from the view effective immediately.
Before legal trouble for Bob Star Michael Jackson.
No, Gibson speaks about the night that changed everything.
That is well in President Hugo Chavez calling President Bush the devil.
What do you think of me?
Ben Laden, a bit of a crush on Yikes Whitney Houston.
And it's the moment, Paris Hilton died hard fans and been waiting for her debut album
hit story today.
Florida Congressman Mark Foley writing a book.
The book will be about 400 pages and how long the book is,
but the book will be about 400 pages.
The man who the world knew is the crocodile.
Hunter was attacked by a stingray.
President Bush was so angry.
He's told our celebrities not to adopt any children from that past.
Cameron Anderson and Kid Rock each filed divorce petitions from one another.
Pretty spheres Kevin Federline divorce could get even hairier.
It's a new book called If I Did It.
OJ Simpson details how the killings would have gone down.
If she had anything to do with them.
My name is Laura.
In my country they would go crazy.
I'm not in the mood for these two.
Not so much.
He a little African boy Madonna is adopting.
Arrived at her home today.
Kid with little intimidated because when he got there she was hanging on a cross.
I'm very sorry to the African American community for the upset.
I knew it was for the last seven lemon cellos that was going to get me.
This USA terror hunter keeps her job.
Donald Trump this morning said he fully intended to fire her today.
But decided not to.
Nicole Richie arrested for driving under the influence.
Police say she was going the wrong way.
For your dollars this guy's done.
I mean both inside and out.
You take a look at it.
She's a slob.
She talks like a truck driver.
While music fans around the world are dealing with a sudden loss.
Music icon James Brown.
For all that time I can for all that time.
I will play the cup of kindness for all that time.
I will take a cup of kindness for all that time.
A tube of kindness sounds good to me.
In fact, where can I buy one?
I'll just smear it all over myself.
It's a level 03 and 560.
We're not going to drop it out no more on the street.
It's up and it's what?
That's impressive.
Oh, I think that's because Joshua went out there and kicked him serious ass.
He doesn't care anymore now.
Now that he's making a big bucks.
That's right.
He's not holding anything back.
He said he has never in his life imagined even dreamed in his worst nightmare working with a bigger bunch of do nothing slime balls than a QAM.
That's what he told me before the show.
Tigger, you know, Tigger up in Orlando.
From Winnie the Pooh.
The bouncy sidekick to Walt Disney World's Winnie the Pooh is in Troutwood Law again.
That Tigger man is always in his head.
That's why all the employees at Disney, gay.
A Disney employee playing the fame cartoon characters under investigation after a New Hampshire family accused them of punching their 14 year old son during a home video session at Disney MGM Studios.
You go, Tigger, I think that's a great idea.
Somebody's wise ass punk kids man.
Just haul off and smack him.
That's what I should.
That's a good idea.
That's right.
You know, there's nothing worse than wise acre kids.
You know what I'm talking about?
Do I know what you're talking about?
Yeah, you do.
I'm sure your kids are well behaved.
Yeah, but it's the other people's children that really cause a problem.
I see.
Because your kids see it and then they wonder, you know why they're not allowed to behave that way and then you have to hit them twice as hard.
Oh, what keep doing it?
The Orange County Sheriff's Office is at it.
They said it took a report from Jerry Monaco's senior.
I wonder if he's kin to Joe Mars senior or Harold Fisher senior or Jim Merrimon senior.
A report from Jerry Monaco or a Dany Irvine senior.
From Jerry Monaco senior, stating that Tigger struck his son Jerry Jr. on the head about 12, 35 day afternoon.
You go Tigger, run your side, baby.
He felt that Tigger was essentially punched his son and he filed a police report, said, definitely Carlos Padilla.
Or is that Padilla?
Remember that Jose Padilla who then be Padilla?
Right now the allegation is that a battery occurred.
Of course we see a little of that family video tape when we see what appears to be a battery.
We need to talk all sides to see exactly what happened.
Maybe Sally Fitzloste, maybe he dropped out.
That's a good point.
Padilla or Padilla identified the man in the Tigger costume as Michael J. Fettelham, 31 of Kissimmee.
Oh, what a place, Kissimmee.
Fettelham could not be reached for comments said or evening.
Padilla said deputies have been reached for the home and the investigation is ongoing.
You know, I had, where the hell's that other comment?
See you thought that once I said I put that blog up there there would be 80's in comments.
That's what Josh told me.
Well, you did it today, didn't you?
You just started doing it.
Yeah.
Just calm down.
I realized the first one is my first blog entry is not all that's situlating and it's not that relevant to it.
Like the second one is going to be about how I feel about this radio station and its management and its engineering and its sales and its schlock, whatever it is.
Now what the hell did I do with that?
See this is another thing that bugs it out of me.
Let's see, I click on where it says blog up there in the, where Don Colio's head is.
There we go.
It says you have no subscriptions.
I still don't understand what the hell that means.
But anyway, where's the comments? Where's the fourth one?
Here we go.
From Strangelove in Hollywood, who from a distance looks really interesting within his post-up pictures on his page.
Don't look all that interesting.
Maybe that's why he goes home alone every night.
He said, well, whatever.
He's a good guy. Strangelove.
He said, someone once used my picture and pretended to be someone else.
I'll never understand the life of me why they did that.
Are people so miserable with themselves that they have to pretend that they're somebody else?
Yes, absolutely.
Yeah, yeah.
It's the internet and now that we got this my space and your face and all this other crap.
It's a place for people who want to play games.
You know, it's for people who got too much time on their head, played little games like little babies, like infants, like little children.
And just like I said, if somebody doesn't want to tell me where the hell they live, forget about even the city.
Just the county they're in.
I don't want to be involved with somebody like that.
What's with all the secrets, huh?
What's with all the freaking secrets?
Who are you people hiding from?
Probably they're in the damn federal witness protection program.
That could be.
Friday's incident.
I bet you that's where Jacob is.
He's vanished.
He's in the witness protection program.
Hey, Jacob.
Friday's incident is the second nearly three years involving Tigard costume Disney workers in February 2004, a 13-year-old girl and her mother reported being groped and molested by somebody dressed as Tigard Magic Kingdoms Tune Town.
Oh, I've got a great line for that, but you're not going to use it and you know what it is.
Oh.
Sheriff's official surrested Michael Shartran 38, but a jury later acquitted him and he was reinstated as a Disney employee.
In that case, the girl and her mother reported Tigard groped their breasts during a photo session.
You go, Tigard.
When in doubt, pop them out.
Padea said Friday's confrontation was taped by Jerry Monaco, senior actor reviewing the footage with his family.
They decided to come forward.
Disney official said federalins have been suspended and until an internal investigation in the Sheriff's criminal inquiry are completed.
We received a complaint that a character allegedly struck a guest at Zeroyas Suarez, a Disney spokeswoman,
and actually a physical altercation between characters and guests is not tolerated.
The Monaco's home video shot by Jerry Senior shows a towering Tigard staring next to Jerry Monastani next to Jerry Monaco,
Jr., while his mother and two brothers, Neil are standing in front of the costume character.
In a series of seconds, Tigard grabs and locks Jerry Jr.'s left arm with his right arm and then throws a left jab at the teenager's face.
Maybe the kid farted at him or something like that.
Or the kid said something to him like, you're fair.
Which probably is true because he works at Disney.
The Monaco couldn't be reached for comment Saturday at the Greenville, New Hampshire home, but the father and son told TV reporters,
Tigard threw a punch without provocation.
At first I thought he was just kidding around and playing around them when he actually grabbed my arm, Jerry Jr.'s said.
His father said their Disney vacation was marred, did it?
You don't come here for this. I mean Disney is supposed to be a safe place.
It's supposed to be a place that you come and enjoy with your family.
At first I was upset with my son. He said I thought he did something at Tigard.
He probably needed him in the nuts or something like that.
But then I reviewed the tape and it's pretty clear for just no reason he clocked him in the face.
How do you like that? He clocked him in the face.
That damn Tigard.
Yeah, the wonderful thing about Tigard and Tigard is a wonderful thing.
The top's made it a rubber.
852 votes on the pool.
I think we'll make our thousand of the inspeitedly late night and the lights start last night.
And 13 people hate me. I should have put a hate to you like poison.
I like that. Hey, how do you spell that?
Just like that.
5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Boy, I'm telling you this. We are calm down now on our streaming.
We apologize to those people who are maybe listening online right now.
And congratulations on your perspacacious, on your perseverance.
You ought to see all the zillions of people we have listening online.
And you know what the reason is? It's a bogus number because they listen for two minutes.
And they get knocked off and they log on again.
So it looks like we got a zillion people listening online today.
And up until this hour, last few minutes, we don't have anybody listening online.
Because once again, here we am, can't get it done.
I'm sure that once Josh is full time over there on a QN.com.
You're never going to have problems like this.
Oh, yeah.
You're not eating, are you now?
There's a lot of big meal here on the show.
This is your last supper?
That's right.
Wow.
This may, and the fact that they won't even tell you whether it is or if it isn't.
I mean, you know, is that a difficult question?
Well, they decided that it is.
Josh and Chris decided that it would be.
I see.
It's like my confabulating with somebody online and asking like,
what county do you live in?
Is it brown or is it, and like no response?
And I'm thinking, is that a difficult question?
Huh?
You know what I'm saying?
Too much freaking mystery with you online game players, baby.
Too much mystery and intrigue.
Look at that. The sun just poked through the fog here, man.
Although it's going to start.
We're going to start.
I hit the break the news to all my fellow Torontonians,
but little winners coming.
WDQA and hello.
I'm still playing.
WDQA and hello.
Neil, I've been a fan for over 12 years.
Now, I guess what we still hate you like poison.
Chronic.
Quick drink in that chronic tonic.
Race is, have you seen the Tigger video?
No, this is Ray University Dodge, who's really chronic.
Almost as chronic as the one we just had on the phone.
The one that should be punched is the father from milking this.
They were posing for a picture and little horse playing suit.
Nobody was punched, but the greedy father should be.
Check out the video since Ray.
So you just horse it around and right away they want to make something.
Make a big simist to try to get a few bucks out of Disney.
That's probably what it's all about.
Okay, thanks Ray and get a life by the way.
Ray.
I have no life.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes sir.
Yes, is this QIM?
Yes it is.
I want Neil to play a continuous loop of Nick Savon, say he's not going out.
Yeah, we don't care about Nick Savon, go away.
Oh, oh, oh.
And get to it snappy, would you?
Yeah, WDQA and hello.
5608, 5608, 5608, 5608, the Verizon singular wireless line.
We're going to take about a big pile of stuff here.
You know what?
I don't think I'm going to read any of it.
I just don't have the enthusiasm to do it.
I've had my kishkis have been worn out that first hour today.
That was like doing a 60 hour marathon at first hour.
But we are often streaming now.
We had only 62 dropouts in the first hour.
I'm going to tell you, dropout is the word.
If you want to know about our management middle level, upper middle, you want to know about the beastly, dropout is the word.
As in that dropout from school, I'm talking about dropout from the human race like that.
Or maybe drop out of the tree in between streaming on the banjo and picking you nose.
Now what that was I supposed to play?
Oh, the girl with the infosima.
Excuse me, I'll get to it.
Yeah.
1113.
That's another one, Gary Sarner.
There's another genius.
Yeah, you're doing it, baby.
Let me tell you.
Oh, yeah, I'm taking a day.
A day, a day.
Oh, baby, I can't get me in a day.
Oh, that's why I'm supposed to play another one, sorry.
The girl he's gonna do at home?
Yeah.
While I forgot all about it cuz my old timer is this kicking in.
Here it is.
Then gets in the Astrid Gilbertal Astrid Gilbertal
The girl with empathy might keep smoking and when she passes she flips her ashes
When she smokes she's like the chimney that shoots up clouds on smiths on her stick
That when she passes she passes gas and goes
Oh but she wants to quit badly
Capping up big junky lungers
Yes she would keep them up gladly
But it's there when she has to go pee
She sits on the can and likes to pee
Shocked and felled in and sickly
The girl with empathy might go smoking and when she passes she smiles with big yellow teeth
Oh but she's smoking
Oh but she's smoking
Oh but she's smoking
Oh but she wants to quit badly
But it's there when she has to go pee
She sits on the can and likes to pee
Shocked and felled in and sickly
The girl with empathy might go smoking and then she flashes that smile with big yellow teeth
And gunk on the meat
She just cannot breathe
It's only a least
Can I have a light please?
No
Honey passed 11 at 5.60 Q.M.
So Russell fasses and sails
The New York City natural gas smell is coming from the massive oil refineries in North Jersey
Which always smell like rotten eggs
Ever grabbed the Jersey trip?
Yes I have us and Jersey stinks
It smells it reeks
Lights out for us when the area for the past few days is carried the pollution of the streets of Manhattan
No big deal, no big simmous
And here's one somebody fashed in for the pool
I listen to you because he speaks the truth
Right, put that on here he speaks the truth
They can't handle the truth but I speak the truth as ugly and nasty as it is
To our management to a South Florida Chamber of Commerce I tell you the way it is
It's not always a pleasant thing the truth a lot of people would rather hear BS
Sure
That's why a lot of people would rather just like fun and games
Fun and games
Fun and games
So where do you live?
Oh I'm an Antarctica, I'm on Uranus
I'm in Pudol
I'm a Tigger of the Atagre
800-E-9 votes in the pool, we're at the thousand like what were you worried about for Christ's sake
965 friends in my space, now don't forget our goal by the end of January to get to a thousand
I think we can do that now
I don't know why that's our goal, I just made it up
It's fun having a goal in life
Like you said when you hear the sound from city Paulson in the morning you know I reach my goal
I got up again the next day
That's right
Why do you say that?
It's been a warm and fuzzy
You make me feel like I'm on a virgin death or something
I guess that by self-order standards I'm still a teenager for Christ's sake
Oh that's true
64 is old
I'm not even old enough to get the early birds suffer I don't believe
WQA and hello
How very sad WQA and hello
Five wives I'm
WQA and hello
QA and
You know for warmen
Yes
The problem with being honest speaking of truth is you'd be called crazy
Yeah
Right
Right
Well what does that mean?
Well look at you for instance
Look at me what?
Yeah okay
That was really good
It had a lot of good material there man
Look at you for instance, huh?
Crazy
Crazy is a bed bug
That's why twice a month when I put that deposit in the bank
Crazy, crazy like a fox
Crazy, slipper
896 votes on the pool
Look at that, he speaks the truth has already got a pair
That's what the last guy said for those who are not trying to interpret what he was talking about
Just like that no material
Why shouldn't he be different from anybody else
Right
Sorry to put that onus on his bonus
Help me
Help me
Somebody help me
That's lucky
Right away
And I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving
My Thanksgiving
Max Potato's brave as Trump is so
Oh wait a minute, it's taken for a minute my phone's ringing
Oh okay
Maybe it's important
So we'll see you Josh
I'll see you around the building
I know
You're like right across the hall right where they moving you
I think I'm gonna be in the pool pen
But here's the funniest thing
We don't know
Oh I see
Who said hey, uh
Clarence where am I gonna be sitting
And he's like
I don't know
There are a lot of
Just the common answer
Hey don't need to be asking the other question down
There was the concierge who have a FedEx downstairs
Oh we'll get it later
Probably that package I sent you from here
Which is got what it is?
It's got nice
It's got the Borat movie
Jackass number two which is funnier than any of us thought of this
You are the best
And a present from SUDs
A little keychain that I think that you'll find
A little unique picture of Ryan Philippe
Philippe
No
I'd sure like to have that
And then something else that a listener sent in but I forget what it was
Another movie or something
Oh my god wait till you hear this
What you just factored to me
So I did
Government contractors
CACI, CAUKIE, international link
And there's a lot of bankruptcy court approval to proceed with this defamation lawsuit against
Liberal talkway to a network here in America
And one of its host Randy Rhodes
How do you like that?
Oh not the goddess
Oh you've a
Randy
What?
Hello Randy
What?
Are you lifting to me?
No
A federal bankruptcy court in New York rule Thursday
The case could proceed despite the fact that they're America's file from Chantra Love and Bank of America
Under federal law legal proceedings against the company are frozen when the company declares bankruptcy
CACI, international, asked the bankruptcy court in November to allow its case to go forward arguing that it claims against
Scare America are covered by insurance policy
Any damages will be paid out of that policy and not from the company's assets
The company sued our American its parent company Picon LLC as well as Rhodes in the fall of 2005 for defamation
The suit stem from comments he made August 25th and 6th 2005 on a video show
According to the complaint she accused CACI employees of raping and murdering Iraqis of Indians at Abu Gharr prison claims that the CACI said were false and defamatory
They're seeking a million dollars in compensatory damages and 10 million impudentive damages
And Air America is spokeswoman to climb the coming of the lawsuit. They got problems made at Scare America
US District Court dismissed the case but CACI appealed that ruling the bankruptcy court decision laws that appealed it proceed
Air America declared bankruptcy October 13 but a company spokeswoman said last month it was supposed to reach a deal with a via
Arlington Virginia based CACI is an information technology consulting firm against most of its revenue from government contracts
A subsidiary company provided it's a written interrogators for the US military and Iraq the company acknowledges from place
And a part of the perpetrator how do you like that what are you thinking in brief?
910 votes even on the poll how do you like that 900 even
The main reason I listen to me was for laughs 373 is a freaking genius 333333333333
Those bedtime stories 44 to hear him suffer 39 the crazy colors 34 and they are
Ponderous crazy and unacceptable on board 31 that's why they listen to a board well we kill some good time for you
I hate this pull 15 I hate Neil 14 it's a break from all sports 14 and he speaks the truth
Coming up tonight inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They topped the charts with an upbeat little number about a very particular sexual fantasy
They didn't even give a crap that it was scientifically impossible they were the weather girls
It's raining but I don't know if it's raining but song is an abomination against God
Reverend Peter vent is a fire and grinched old preacher who believes the weather girls 1980s hit is an abomination against God
I just said that sorry for God has sent many plays rain and from the sky blood fire even frogs
But for the sky to deposit men into the waiting hungry sweaty loins of moistened harlots is nothing but an abomination against God
Testify a brother now I tell you if and I mean if the all powerful did decide to rain men upon this earth
It would not be a simple festival of lust no it would actually be very dangerous it would go something like this
The horror the horror and the weirdest thing brothers and sisters is that somehow this blasphemous old to promiscuity
Very quickly became an anthem for the homosexual may I quote Corinthian 613 for the prophet did say the gays like this thing go figure
The weather girls if loving them is wrong I don't want to be right it's a big juicy sobbing wet look at your business tonight on inside the bar
It's raining men and they all look like Ryan Salipan I know who you did last summer
I got her outside 917 votes by buddy Mike up at FSU who's from Cooper City but goes to FSU when listen is online
He's not in a very good mood today because he's been trying to listen and he's really a peoed about it real bad
Not too happy hang in there Mike just hang 63 dropouts well that's only one since like an hour ago
And it's up it's up and running out we're streaming it baby and guess what I'm going to do in a couple of minutes
I give up what he can do besides jump out the window I'm going to eat my lunch right here on the air since the job that new audience was usual
Well since we're all enjoying our farewell lunch for Josh Cortes today maybe now is it for sure that tomorrow you're going to be out of there
What about Chris how's Chris doing over there he's doing good he left he'll be here tomorrow good job by Chris yeah I guess
Wow did he get back to know Chris did we get him some food for his trouble no he didn't want any I asked
Oh he's not going to be doing a very good job anybody that is involved with this show and doesn't want to eat a lot of free food
What it looks like he eats a lot of free food is he fat yes oh no anyway I'm going to be in a couple of wings here in a minute they're in the flavor wave right now
All right and I got my French's monster here my flavor wave every every Saturday it's flavor wave bacon Saturday because it comes out perfect
It's a routine thing now it does yeah we have cooks evenly all the grease strips off of it well you're talking about real bacon not the other
No real because my mic is you hear me every morning before the show either outside
I was just going to ask you what conch nighters what you can't get it there it's Canadian though no no wonder because every microwave bacon I get it
Oh it was stuffed on their sucks the only good one I found is Schneiders and it's yeah well you come up here and get some or you just send some town no
924 votes in a pool so I'm going to have a couple of weenies right here on the year during the show wow with my French is a yellow monster
Yeah the flavor wave is great I use it almost every single day now what company did you get that front remember that one guy who was it
Yeah I haven't never sprained down that one day like they're writing a book everybody's writing a book
That would be a good book yeah the good book says 5 6 7 0 5 60 fact I may go out and get to it when you hear that beep beep you know how
when the flavor wave is done cooking and the thing about the flavor wave is even when the cooking time is done yeah it goes like
when the cook time is done it's still the elements still stays on it comes on every now and so it keeps the food warm on right
It is a fine machine mine WQ I am hello WQ I am hello Q I M
Hello yes sir yeah no which one was that the same one
Wow could have fooled me but what are we at what Chris yeah Chris actually fades in faster and you do remember when you were on vacation that week
and Tahoe oh yeah they get like about a half a half a word out it's like they just disappear while we'll have to make in the new board
off of the show then won't we I'm going to go get my weenies you like it
and off he goes so when we last left this conversation you didn't know what office you were going to be operating out of
I think I put you in the bullpen they've already got like bunk desks in there I'm thinking maybe they're going to give me like a mini desk
and I'll be up against the wall I see you know you could always use the other side of Allison's desk because I mean she didn't think it could get any worse
that's what we're looking at guess what what's that two people per desk in the bullpen oh yeah you're going to be sitting in somebody's lap in there
double duty you're going to be sitting in Allison's lap yeah my mouse to it here can you hear it I can hear it clinking around
now do you fear or do you dip I swear it all over the way in her man there we go and then I take my knife and I like even it out you know what I mean
absolutely so it's like nice and there were no clumping and you don't want to a big mustard deposit you know the good thing about the flavor
right and when you close something even like this yeah it's like it was cruffed in the grill yeah and the other good thing is that you know since it's clear and all lit up
and you can see how far along your food is coming it's nice and because some people that are very paranoid about raw chicken like some of us who got served raw chicken a lot as a kid
thanks mom can can satisfy themselves that it's nice and burnt before they get into it well I'll be damned so this is our farewell lunch with Josh quarters we think sure thanks how we may he may or may not have a place to sit when he moves over to qm.com
he might just have to move over to the other side of the little card table that we have over here on the side at least we have a
little card table for a place to squeeze in and it's what it looks like so far and if Chris isn't one of those five things I want to all the free food you can come in and have your free food every day is to him I probably still will be and we got you
to explore we got to train really well I watch the story I guess my dog is a cafe of wine huh yeah see now this feels more like at home you know
you know you should hear me eat on the ear right I haven't been doing that 189 by the way the scariest morning not too bad that's good that's not great but I mean I just can't
break through that level I don't know what it is maybe there's a few I'm sure way yeah yeah that wasn't me what was that
so I was a judge where expect can feel solstice me to call any second now okay Jim Scholar get rid of him he's a crazy person yes he is if you tell the truth people I got to think you're crazy now look at you look at me not too happy with what I see the
reason main reason I was in the 1131 votes we got the thousand licked easy man you are such a
negative a little you know why just because just guys Joe Bell called you on Friday and live to you no actually he repeated
everything that he said to you behind my back so yeah that he thinks he's stuck on here uh huh and the tapes are better there aren't
going to be any tapes because there isn't going to be any extension there isn't going to be any need of working four days a
week and forget about it he can rot the main
main reason I was in the meal for last 384 where she's getting a few today I'll tell you that he's a freaking genius 340 underline the
freaking part those bedtime stories 45 here in suffer 41 where she heard plenty of that today the crazy
colors 35 I'm bored 35 I hate this pull 15 it's a break from all sports 15 I hate deal 14 like poison and he tells the truth he speaks the truth
7 so lament a see a thing only 7 but that's going to go zooming up the list don't you think I think it will let me ask you this
huh all is forgiven buddy come on back now let me ask you this question okay do you think that of one of these two
individuals if they like put me down as a friend again open up their profiles so I could like
can't be late with him you think I would do that yes sorry I should have taken more time to think about that
think about doing the break
time okay so your gun that ought to show you I rack these for that 9 11 attack even if it wasn't you
who attacked something but don't confuse us with the facts we like to be started just like our mighty leader who's a
truck who are off the hook I'm more than welcome to a packers again we need more news is for
food show this all the day they're friends and don't be this below see my like you're in you better
wouldn't be back on the table you bitch and how he reads a cecee jelly
please
like it
1146 14 you'll know so Miami man responds to my blog okay and says I feed your pain I myself don't
exist can I be in your will now absolutely nice gone Miami man
actually right nice job any answer is no but I do feel a lot of pain it's mostly Papa Joe Bell's
pain old smoking Joe 950 on a pull 950 WBBF and Rochester baby the home of the busy bees Joe Dean and
Nick something somebody oh boy it's really bad when all the years go by and forget the name of the
Nick Nixon that's what his name was Nick Nixon what a memory huh who wow and there was Warren
Deremi son W. H. C. and Bob Turner on W. H. A. M. let's go back to Rochester what do you say no I have
to laugh at all these people who reminisce you know I mean you know it's it's fun reminisce
a little bit but the way they take the past and twisted in the miniature as if you know like Rochester
with some great city like with someone you know I mean if it was what it was and and what it is now
you don't want to know from boy I'll tell you one thing man the fog or maybe it's just my window maybe if
I would like go out on the balcony and then we're off my window okay and it would look so foggy
depressing out there because it looks to me like there's a little bit of blue sky a little bit of
sunshine they don't know more than no more that's free time more than the up north now they don't
have the window washers that you're building yeah they do but they kept this time but a falling off
40 degrees right now it's not so bad for the youth in January isn't gonna be 41 42 something like
it and they're saying maybe a little snow for me this afternoon no snow no more snow all your
kids out there they're waiting to see snow forget about it too late not gonna snow no more WQAM
hello except in Denver QAM WQAM hello and finally line nine QAM okay there they all are there they
are passing it around back and forth side by each nice going Jersey Joe smoky Joe you're really
doing it for us man you are really I should play music less to ours today you know all right I
really should face based on the fact that they just they they they don't don't they care enough
to send their very best they won't send anything they won't do anything these people these are just
inseparable best thourooses what they are ridiculous five six seven here's my last call see if we're
gonna get any real callers today which I doubt and you do understand why there's a lot of people
you know with the holidays and everything this is the beginning of the see you thought it was last
Tuesday so did I but it wasn't surprise yeah no seriously this is the beginning of going back to
real reality and the kids aren't even back in school yet right they yes brother they yes and
of course in no way well brow are they gonna learn there anyway five six seven oh five sixty
especially now that they got no more pumpernicks what are you gonna learn in brow for grindout
lana that the old people steal the silverware and the sweet and low and the rolls and the
deal pickles you know those old bags that start that stuff the deal pickles in their purse with all
the hair and the toe jam and oh man that must be real appetizing when you get home trying to gum
on the pickles from a pumpernicks they're even using like a little zip lock bag in there when
surprise me here's a message from Phil he says Joe Bell is an a-hole if he thinks tapes are
better than George haven't they done enough damage to the program in the past years with all the
timeslot changes firing Joe Rose putting Galdion here seems like the program managers work at
trying to screw things up Phil absolutely you got it yeah tapes my they will never be any more
these stupid best stuff tapes this this is Joe Bell's nimble mind to work again wow you know the
audience wants to hear Neil when they turn on Fred like in a summertime when I'm not there three
days a week and when we still are number one by a mile and beat the whole lot of the other segments
on the station by a mile got them fooled now this is a guy who just doesn't like you on here that's
all right it goes around well I'm sure Greg probably you know gave him a talking to it said oh George
you don't want him on there you don't kill the ratings and you can't sell the show when George is
on by that like that like I said it's a good point there are no negotiations going on there
are not going to be any and you know for once in my life I'm going to butcher up see the problem
with me is and I will admit it I'm weak just like this thing with all this online crap man I'm weak
in the case of the online stuff as you know and I make no apologies for it I'm a sucker for a
cute face that's all I mean that that's me you know you're either the only one there of course not
if it was just me I'd say well I was wrong with me well everybody is there most people are
anyway some people are a little bit wiser than that they've had some bad they've been burned too
many times right scarred they've put their hand on the stove too many times they don't want to get
burned again and in the case of this place I keep saying well I got a you know two years to go
all right well whatever and then keep extending and extending I'm not going to work until I croak
I don't give a crap who's in my will I'm going to enjoy my g-damn money how do you like that please
that's right I'm going to have me a good time whatever a couple of weeks or years or 20 years I
got who knows what it is yeah minutes well we want it we'd like to have you work until you're
croak Nile we're going to do everything we can to make sure that that the croaking day comes soon
rather than later you're working real hard on it smoky Joe I'll tell you that right now and then
lunch still sucked super good though but the rest of it terrible week and the company WDQAM hello
WDQAM hello
oh yeah QAM hello
the statement the apartment
oh somebody by the way emailed me al Goldstein's website or email or something
not website obviously his email address or how to get a hold of him I think I deleted it
not that I don't like Al but it's just you know what's the point at this point
I'm a fat Jew not as fat anymore I bet he's real slim now and we don't eat for years at a time
right WDQAM hello hey Nile I saw a clip of that kid who got smacked and I think he was any kid
over 12 getting the picture with Tigard deserve to smack in the head anyway it looks like he should
be taking the short bus to school on one okay thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty but what does this have to do with Nick Saban huh that's the obvious question that's on
the mind of softwareians everywhere what's his got into a Nick Saban he turned on us he a fan
and I screw you WDQAM hello hey Nile you're sucking that gambling joy stand from me as well
WDQAM hello QAM hello now both you understand Nile that the future of ratings is when you do
crook on the air that's when they're getting it all the ratings buddy yeah hold your breath
in hell right now cashmuck WDQAM hello hey Nile good morning good morning listen I just wanted to tell
you since I've been listening to your show 12 to 1 my male pattern my male pattern bonding has
completely reversed itself yeah my male pattern bomb your male pattern what say it again you
said you're male my male pattern pattern bond right has your your ballers has reserved it
well maybe they'll drop back down again someday just you know share prayer maybe he's got one
descended testicle like a gilding maybe that's what it is in fact maybe he knows gilding WDQAM hello
to WDQAM hello hello how you doing how's it going today I beg your pardon yeah it's hanging
out sir what do you got I like when one of the guys are going it's not like Mark Foley within the
house now that's your idea schmuck oh god is he is he clever or what huh boy I never would have
thought of that with you no so let me ask you one thing do you like it yeah wow 157 votes on
a pool man I'm going to tell you a South Florida I wouldn't wish it on on anybody I wouldn't wish it
on Elmer Fud Elmer Snodgrass the main reason I listen to Nile is for laughs 392 he's a freaking genius
347 those bedtime stories 47 Tyrion suffer 41 the crazy collar 37 because I'm bored
it at 35 I hit this pool 13 only 1.5 percent 15 it's a break from all sports 15 he speaks the truth
14 and I hate him I hate Nile 14 1.4 percent of people listening right now hate me like poison
but I can't shut it off older way and for you to croak on the air as that what it is like a frog
I'm dying over here yeah that would be good if I had like a massive stroke on the way down
the floor I could just reach out just with my little finger and just it and then shot at him
before yeah there that would be good what a good way to go well let's script it let's find it out
I'm sure that clearance in the and smoky Joe are working on that right now and doing a hell of a
job by the way WQAM hello QAM hello oh Nile QAM hello Nile yes are you ready get
my circles to go to them or WQAM hello I'm out QAM hello
oh man the Desperado is baby they're worked up into a frenzy I think that music idea something
I'm gonna deliberate all during now what were you saying you were supposed to deliberate in
the last break whether I would respond to a you know who and you know who you know I mean
oh yeah yeah and the answer about it same first of all neither one of those people is
going to do that you do understand I do understand that because the whole concept with this thing is
once you shut somebody out it's you've got the power it's the frustration factor you can't get
through to me I'm gonna change my number I'm gonna change my shoe size I'm gonna change my capsize
I'm even gonna change my size how do you like that this is pretty quick whenever I shave my balls
I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
then he had a slow-down call at the society ball through testreet car one way with the girl
from King Kong thingy she brought that the door she was looking for only made a dime a day
she says was made in my mowage she was gonna be enough to just like Vivian Lee did on
her plantation and draw the model too she thought that alcohol was the enemy but she knows that
nothing nothing nothing nothing nothing all right it's out soulsin and chaplain waiting for
more
housing
The wind's freaking on Nicky Finn
She did the jarl stun
To do galling, can
For her her mind would will
When she crept of molten burl
She wore it out bit
Like a rapper
Cause I've no admission
She could have no maker
She robbed the comedy show
Like Jojen Ways to
But never happened to Abby
She was on second
I don't know if I'm sorry
She was a filthin' and chaplain
Waiting for gay couples
And Charles Limber to do that
The president was Hoover
There was no TV
And no I love the scene
Also free actin' high
1990, 1990, 1925
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
We're about 10 years too late
Yep, that's when things were great
When thing was president
O.J. was innocent
But we could still see friends
And few percent blood dead
Barely added internet
And there was no spaniards
Never heard about bin Laden
Wall Street was always in the black
We still care about my gun
And not about sneak attacks
And all that great music
Yeah, you could take your big
Like it was sent from God
No cell phones, no things don't
No, I'd pause
Play no racist or hoody
That brandy was a cutie
There was a land that's more sex
And Julius Blip from love
And the fulcans were smashing
The Beatles tried to dash in
But something white feels right since
1919, 1990, but
Woo-hoo!
1990, but
Woo-hoo!
You know Mariah
And Whitney
They beat the pants on Britney
We still had some teasers
But also there was Wizard and We had so feet
We hogged in
Yeah, she was good for dogging
I wondered if she's through my bath
19, 1995
Woo-hoo!
Woo-hoo!
2004's your sucks
Next year we'll have more luck
I can see it now
I bet they'll cure Matt Gow
Might even fight a cure
For that guy Michael Moore
When you feel you're SUV
That gas will all be free
Even when we're stuck to our taxes
Depends it's will still go down
And rather we'll not use taxes
Osama will be found
I know it will be peace
Throughout the Middle East
All kids will graduate
And clear eyes will be
So straight please let it be great year
I sure hated this year
Don't eat War's art, elections
And no more blue infections
And C.E. will be
Cleaners and start jumps
We'll be leaners
Let's all look down
The bright side is
2000, 2000, 2005
Okay, it is a 1205
Oh, I thought this story wasn't going to print out
But now it's printing out
Excellent
A little bit on the slow side
That's probably because it's from the Herald
Here's some videos for all you drug drivers
Wait a minute, where the hell is the story
Here's a blank page, says Miami Herald
Here it is
About 300 drug driving cases in Broward County
Could be thrown out following a state of political
Arrolling in proper maintenance of the alcohol breath test machines
Renders the results
Inadmissible
The fourth district court of appeal upheld the judges
Really tossed out and toxilized the results in a DUI case
Because the machine had been tested with tap water
Instead of distilled water
The FDA requires that the breath test machines use the still water
The fence of attorneys argue that tap water may skew the results
But the both the Groud Sheriff's Office and the Navy police department used tap water to test their machines
So if you had a DUI, it kind of like
Turned your life upside down for a while, too bad your sprues
Unless you're one of the current 300 pending ones
How do you like that?
Well, what do you know
I'm sorry
So anyway, mission to Mars, that's a Gerolitos group and I'm not going to read this whole thing
Thank you very much.
30 seconds to Mars
30 seconds, why?
That's the name of the group.
What do I call it?
Mission to Mars.
That's okay.
Do you like it?
Well, the headline on a story says mission to Mars
Okay, I understand.
And my being a little bit off my feet today
My eyes were wandering, my mind was wandering
I understand.
You should see up the date about Jared, you know
Well, you were telling me that he's given up the music
That's what the story says
Is that what this story says?
I don't think it's a word for her because it's too long
Thanks Tracy, but enough already with that
Plus he's about 35, 36, and he's going to be an old man
Too late for me.
Geezer.
And I hate Neil, I hate this fool, I got 15 apiece
Well, guess what? I hate those 15 too
I do like that like poison
WDQYM, hello
Hello, Mr. Neil
Yes, could you play
What is that? Could you play?
What is that?
In other words, you have nothing to say, this is a request?
No, no, well, it's one that you haven't played in a while
And since you're playing the fart sounds again, I figure you can play this bit again
Who says we're playing fart sounds again?
Are you hallucinating again?
The raspberry's in there
Yeah, what is it?
My anus?
Yeah, your anus is exactly right, that's just what I was thinking when I heard your voice
I thought my aching angel
God
Wow
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60, and the other rising and singular rising
So maybe I will play that
What's wrong with that?
I don't know. Nothing wrong with it. I don't think so
No, nothing wrong with a Joycemind having a resident. Too bad Joyce.
Joyce doesn't run this show. She does nothing for this show except in her fear and tried to do everything in her power
And my earthwhile attorney, he's sitting back there with his finger deep inside his thumb
Some young guys
I'm going to tell you something normal. You ought to be raising a holy hell, writing a letter, making a phone call
That's not going to get the job done. These people need to be brought to justice
You know what I'm saying?
I know what you're saying
And for justice, we better get a hold of Don Coyote
That's right, or somebody. The guy that ran our MySpace page looks like Don Coyote unto me
WQA and Hello
Hi, I'm a Kira Tommy
WQA and Hello
I like Project 3
QA and
Hello
Hey, how are you?
I was hearing you went to Mohican Sun the other day
I went to what?
Mohican Sun the casino
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
I want to know the name of the casino you go to
WQA and Hello
QA and
I've got a phone and
WQA and Hello
That's a that's a food bee
It's a what?
Kaka?
WQA and Hello
WQA and Hello
Yes, I saw Rocky 37 yesterday
And
He lost
Oh, okay, thanks for those. I'm going to have to waste our money in our time on it. Piece of crap
Slice the law and is this guy got talent?
No, can he act?
No, he's garbage
He just turned 90 by the way, not really. He votes on the pool
5, 6, 7, come on, keep him coming
Baby, you can do it right up till 2
You can do I'm positive
I think starting tomorrow we're doing the music format
All right, oldies, oldie moldies
Something old, something new
There's a definite void for that in the market. We got all these great jingles
Effect there's one guy that used to work for the beesleys
I think it was a trap
In a lot of these messages you get, a lot of these emails you get on my space
They're a trap and he wants you to write back and say oh yeah the beesleys, they're waiting
Cycle, Christ already said
Oh, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you
I love you, I love you, I love you
Oh yeah, we got so many jingles man, might as well put them to use
What a waste have them sitting there in the DCS
And now the Chris is going to be starting tomorrow, right?
Yeah, we don't want to have to put a lot of pressure on him on the very first official day of the jump
Assuming that Josh is actually going over to the other side
I am
Oh it's official now?
Well, like I said Clarence said for Chris and I to decide and we decided tomorrow
Let's stop prolonging this
For Chris and I to decide
Well what does that mean?
Meaning like I have to show him a few things and I feel like he knows more
Yeah, that's why he ran out of there
That's why he ran out of there, you should have seen it
I don't want to see it
It's not what you think
Show him a few things
Oh brother, I didn't expect that color
Oh brother, talk about another shade of pale
Good for Chris, yeah good for him, run him out
Damn good thing, Muff didn't come in there in the middle of that demonstration
990p votes, we're going to have a thousand votes by the end of the break
Which really makes me feel
I like it
You wanted more and you got it
The man's dog is back singing more duet on the bandage scene
You too
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Over the 80s is back carrying up with the great singing more take his
Which even more big stars the mad dog does them all
Baby
Everything
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
It's an all new British invasion
With the mad dog singing like a man
I like it
I like it
The truth is peeing out
That you managed was truly the fifth people
You got to get it in love and he's giving it in love
Everyone loves the land
And now your head's to stay
You know it's every stage you're gonna be all right
And you're gonna be all right
Here's the mad dog's ender and touching tribute to the king
I love this
All right
All right
That's a random among anyway
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again
Now I don't think so
So we had Luke the Grotsey family with it and tell him either his brains or his signature would
Why don't they contract that's some of the fish is cute
All right
All right
All right
And it's this volume new
Available now if you move quickly
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
All right
That's a wonderful
Double UQM
In Miami
All the music all the time
I'm pretty music-filled to a fly
All right
I'm not asking I'm telling
And I would love it
It's not a question of like all right or like
I'm acknowledging not a proofy
Well I mean I'm sitting here
You know evaluating this whole Joe Bell business and I'm thinking to myself
You know we've been over these many many years
We're with some real losers
Boozers and losers
And this guy he just he don't get it
I mean you know you spend 45 minutes on the phone
This on the heels of that very important lunch you know with Bruce Beasley and Norman
All those other crap and you you're spew your guts out and you tell them what you need and what you want and what life is all about and but a beep but a boop but a boop but a boop but a boop
Oh yeah sure hey pal you know
And then after 45 minutes on the phone it's like well I don't know what to tell you
I know what to tell you
The main reason I listen to Neil is for laughs 411 he's a freaking genius 362
Those bedtime stories 50 to hear him suffer 43 I'm bored 41 I can understand the crazy colors 39
He speaks the truth 32 a break from all sports 17 I hate Neil 15 and I hate this pool only 15 only 1 and a half percent
I got is that thing real?
You know the diamond just wasn't my style so I began working nights down here
There's a janitor in the sole office building just to keep busy I guess because I'm a little bit more
But hey there's the big cheese now big how you doing tonight? Hey we're gonna lay right here. How you doing? You have it a pretty tough night?
Yeah tonight night you're gonna watch it and watch the game tonight. Yeah, I'm in across the street free piece of
Beer night over there. I'm pretty tough day. I thought I just watched the game with the fellows over at the bar. Oh yeah
I'm just gonna listen to it on this old radio here to Antenna's kind of shaking
I'm gonna make green color TV over there. It's best picture. I'm a big screen color great picture. I heard it is
Glad you're like to be there when you know I got all my work done and all really here. You're all done? Yeah, you're supposed maybe I could
Well, I'll tell you what
I got my BMW in the garage. I got a blop-pooed Nick radio and there I can pick up the you can drive me anything
No, no, I'll give my car keys. Why don't you clean up my car? I got a wicked thing in the back seat
Yeah, I've got something to drink. I'm including up with Simon is it. I'll be back in about two hours
I don't maybe I'll bring a piece of pizza, okay dad
Well, that was a thanks lot to hear my keys and be careful with the straights of the car now be back in about two hours
Yeah, I got a little bit of a watch. You're not gonna bring while you
Ungrateful you after said you were worth was
Tell you can't be my son. Nobody's that ungrateful you
Take your stain BMW and run that mother
Right into the damn river
Nothing good someone's attention jacket goods
Brought to you by the National Curseing Foundation and remember our motto go for yourself
Oh
I
But she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
So, when I'm gone with all my thoughts and fears
It's a life away but I love everything and it's just the same
Your baby loves love and I'm the baby loves love
She's got a lot of things to say
Her baby loves love, she's got a lot of things to say
No more lonely days my baby's taken care of everything
I'm saddening people, I think she loves her
I'm baby loves her, but she got what it takes
She knows how to use it, I think we love her
I'm baby loves her, but she got what it takes
And she knows how to use it, and she's the only one
And it feels so good to believe
No more lonely days, no more lonely days
I'm a doll and I feel it's just my way
But she loves that we isn't to be
We love her, but she got what it takes
And she knows how to use it, my baby loves her
I'm baby loves her, but she got what it takes
And she knows how to use it, I'm baby loves her
I'm baby loves her, but she got what it takes
And she knows how to use it, my baby loves her
I'm baby loves her, but she got what it takes
And she knows how to use it, I think we love her
CKW
Golden
Wap Wap Wap
Wap Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap
Wap Wap Wap
Wap Wap Wap
Wp
Wap Gr want forever
Wap Wagon
You know what I mean?
Put another nine, listen to record the shit
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Ha!
Everybody that I attend, believe me now is the living end
Move it any groove with the friends of mine
I shout every night now wherever I dance, let's shout
Shout, shout, and act as if I'm on your own
Yeah, hard to follow, you got scream on the street
You know what I mean?
Put another nine, think of record the shit
Hey, do the fly, what I ask in the sky?
Yeah, put stuff on baby, just the you and I
Cool was out about a cold at three
And we're having fun, not playing the sea, so let's shout
Shout, shout, and act as if I'm on your own
Yeah, hard to follow, you got scream on the street
You know what I mean?
Put another nine, think of record the shit
Ha!
Ha!
Wap!
Wap!
Wap!
Wap!
Wap!
Isn't my imagination it was like half a track missing on that baby, huh?
I don't know
Oh, how that would you know you didn't even know that song
You better get with it
I do, I mean, but it's been a while since I heard it
So I don't know, it's all that, I don't know
It's possible
159 votes on the pool. The main reason I listen to Neil is because I share his pain
Our David's a bitch
distance
Hey, all straight. The Tetris also not confusing.
The game married is reproducing.
Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, such a pair of bells.
Follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, follow, such a pair of bells.
CKLW Institute
Last night I took a walk every time
I played a play called Family Day Bar
I had to come and see what I could see
That brother, where I was, I was around
I was certainly sure
That girl and Thomas I was all alone here
And I was always looking for a hand with me
My heart was quiet and I was looking for a hand
Together, down, I like a girl I'm going to pass
I like a little kid, and around
I like a merry-go-round
Me and Lynn, and I were not friends
They came around and were rocking bands
And when I was looking for a hand girl I was
And just one of us all
You never know where the hands will
When you stop them, one of us will burn
And we'll let them tell it all
That I call this a song
We need to say that all of us are fair
When and you're round, we're rocking bands
And every single one I gave that girl a hug
And just one of us all
You never know where they took that ring
And when you stop them, you have to come and tell them
Where it's real, and I'm telling them
Oh, I've got an acolyte card
And I'm telling them it's hard to bear
You know it's hard to bear
Or it's great to radio with what the kids want
And you have
I'm going down, I'm going five
It's nearly one million new and five
It's in a ride
It's in a ride
Gotta get me home
By the morning light
I got no fear to ride a train
I'm really drowning in the pouring rain
It's in a ride
It's in a ride
Gotta get me home
To the baby side
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
I got too big
She sounded lonely so I'm on my way
It's in a ride
It's in a ride
Gotta get me home
To the satisfy
Ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
I got no fear
I got too big
I won't shine the body up to help a guy
It's in a ride
It's in a ride
In a way too long
From the baby side
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
Ride, ride, ride
It's in a ride
Ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride
Ride, ride, ride
I'm speaking of that, why the hell do they need to be make the hit you, huh?
No, I'm just going to run about the A
Wonderful WQAM
What B
Oh
Oh
Hey
Hey
I wanna know
If you be my girl
No
Hey
Hey
Hey
I wanna know
If you be my girl
When I saw you walking down the street
I said that's a kind of girl I like to meet
She's so pretty, lost in fire
I'm gonna make her mad over here
Hey baby
I wanna know
If you be my girl
When you turn down the water wave
Hey, hey, when I'm on the same
I'm gonna baby give me a whirl
I wanna know if you be my girl
Hey
Hey
I wanna know
If you be my girl
When you turn down the water wave
That's when I wanna say
Come on
Baby give me a whirl
I wanna know
If you be my girl
No
Hey baby
I wanna know
If you be my girl
Hey
Remember
It's Golden Gasser
Wonderful
WQAM
You're fairy
Ready woman
Walking down the street
Ready woman
What kind of I like to meet
Ready woman
I don't mind if you
You're not the truth
No one could look that good at you
Merced
Ready woman
Won't you pardon me
Pretty woman
I couldn't ever see
Pretty woman
And you don't know me
That can be
Are you lonely
And just like me
Oh
Hey
Ready woman
I don't mind if you
Are you lonely
Ready woman
I don't mind if you
Are you lonely
I'll treat you right
Come with me, baby
Remind tonight
Ready woman
Don't walk on bike
Pretty woman
Don't make me cry
Pretty woman
Don't walk away
Hey
Okay
You've got to wait
Monthly
Okay
I just thought you were on home
I played
The next tomorrow night
Put away
What do I see
Ah!
Did you walk in the back to me
Oh yeah
Did you walk in the back to me
Oh
Pretty woman
A little bit of a format change this afternoon
You have something I'm kind of enjoying it myself
Yeah well you haven't played a song I don't like yet
Well there you go
Oh man I taste in the oldies
I'm talking about moldy oldies
Right
Is the best
And I don't know
Is that even Ricky Tiki's probably tipping his smelly camp to me
You know I said here and I finally decided
You know I finally butched up
Remember I was talking about an hour ago about butchering up a little bit
Yes he worked
And I can't depend on Linfrist and Norma Kent
Because she's got a composer letter
And she's got a while in between runaways or whatever he's doing
And of course smoky Joe Bell
That's his whole thing is blowing smoke
You know as you discovered on Friday
Blowing smoke
Well you were probably had the old
But that's beside the point
So I'm just going to give it back
You know what I mean by that?
I do
Exactly
They want to give me like a lame effort
I'll give them the same
The main reason I listen to Neil is
A thousand ninety two votes
And of course we could probably add the nifty oldie music
But we won't do that yet
Till a couple of weeks
Oh oh
The main reason I listen is for laughs 435
He's a freaking genius 375
Those bedtime stories 51
He speaks the truth 47
Well that's climbing the ladder does it matter?
No
To hear him suffer 47
Because he works for the beesleys
I'm bored 46
The crazy caller is 41
A break from all sports 18
I hate this poll 17
I hate Neil like poison that miserable old bastard 15
I just pray to quit
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns
While listening to the Neil Rogers
One to two hours
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
I hate this poll 17
We're hopping in the time machine
Hold on, won't you come along and change?
Here's the golden vector from the WQAN
Right now
The golden vector
I hate this poll 17
The WQAN
In Miami
The most music
The WQAN
The WQAN
The WQAN
The WQAN
Oh, alright
I'll sleep in and lie in the middle of a good dream
I thought it was a wake-up from something that keeps knocking at my brain
You're fair with four I go and say
I hold my pillow to my head
And spring up in my bed
Streaming out the words I've read
I think I love her, you know
I think I love you
This morning I woke up with this feeling
I didn't know how to deal with it
And so I just decided to myself
I'd hide it to myself
And never talk about it
And did not go and shout it when you walked into it
I think I love her
I think I love you
For one of my four brain-outs
I'm a breath that I'm not sure of
A love there is no cure for
I'm not me
I think I love you
This is not what life can fail
You like it always
We're in need of things
But I never felt this way
I think I love you
I think I love you
For one of my four brain-outs
I'm a breath that I'm not sure of
A love there is no cure for
I think I love you
This morning I woke up with this feeling
I think I love you
This is not what life can fail
So it's what it's made of
I never felt this way
You really don't have to worry
I only want to make you happy
And if you shake it away, I will
But I think there's still a better way
I'd better stay around
And love you
You think I have a need
Let me ask you to
You'll think here
Let me cure love me
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
I think I love you
Well, I sure love him
I'll say that very proudly
But that's a long time ago
That's another era and another age
But anyway, hey David, you're ferried
So I'm going to chapter one at 560 WDQ
I'm a little format-change here today
You know something we might like enough
It might continue all week long
You know what I was jamming out to that
We're here
There's a whole lot of segment there
You've been on it?
Just ask Josh, man, I was a one-man karaoke show in here
I love you, man
I like this so much
I like this so far
And I'm Josh probably don't like into this music
Because it's way before his time
I don't have a problem with it
I'm not listening to it into my car
But I don't have a problem with it
Do you like it?
I do
Well, I'm good
Because we want you to go on in your last day
With a big smile on your face
You know?
Are you going up with a big smile on your face?
He's good
He's good
From the early year on your big fat push
1125 votes on a pole
We're not too bad on there
I don't know what this line really means
Maybe if it's explained to me
It's the new year, are your feet hurting?
No
What?
Oh, I thought you were asking me a question
Can you explain what that line means?
No, I can't
I asked Brian Schmuss, maybe he'll say this
I'm not talking about your pretty side
Am I junior, honey?
Am I junior, honey?
I'm going down the shower
Where the mother wants
Go to hang from trees and play banjo
You got some food on the station
All new Frank won't be ready
Oh, now as North
Carolina goes
Rolly's a big city
You know?
And that's where the beesleaves had to go
For Golly, Riley Joe
Oh, I knew GM
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend
Then quickly walk away
They had Joe go to five-six-oh
With ratings and the toilet mold
To get those
Flaming sportful mose
In order and control
And then so
Golly, Rolly Joe
A vah-fueler
And in the loathe let's mose
Go and hear what blows
Golly is on show
He'll make a big change
And read a range
It's worse for the same
He hasn't done a thing
No, for what goes
All the air had to
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue
About a poor
Not that essentially
Blows sportful radio
The GM
Oh, five-six-oh
Golly, Rolly Joe
Seek K of W. Motham Sound
Ah!
Night's sweet morning dew
I took one look at you
And it was plain to
You were my destiny
If I was open wide
I knew it would be my pride
I'm satisfied to use
That it came out of love for you
Golly, Rolly Joe
When you leave
I'm always begging time
Oh, baby
You will win
You will be there for me
There's no need to know
No, no, no, no
For what?
We got love
Show love that you know
You're home
You're home I need
To get by
Oh, baby
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Baby, ooh, baby
Like an evil object'sness
But you have to do my thing
Stand by it like a tree
And then everybody could try to do me
Darling in you I found
Strangler hours told that
Don't know what she's told
Together we can only live
Don't lose the end
Come on darling
And I'm fighting you little higher
You can't make me
I was born in the hour
Of course we
We got the right
Federation
And we're in love at the
Trial and ratio
Oh, you're home
What's that for you
And for you
Oh, all the jokes
I love the stuff
And the one you're
Oh, you're home I need
You're home I need
You're home I need
Oh, all the jokes
Wherever you go
Go go with 77 WAV
See
Go go
I don't want the world to know
Find a world where I hope to show
To faces I have
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I'm not a man.
I am not a man.
That's why I know he cannot eat you.
He has to laugh.
He has to laugh for it.
He has to cry.
He can't pay me any money.
Lord earth can't afford him.
He has to say so.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man... I'm a man my dove, I'm a man..., I'm a man... I'm a woman, I'm a man's
I'm a man my love, I'm bersy, I'm a man. I'm a maid-pano, a smart girl, but I'm
And I will give you a B.C.
Go, go, go!
Oh, all the diamonds of the town
And the diamonds are just right away
All they get for the city
And it's going to my best call
No more ease at all
Bring it back to me
Here it is, all in for
The way we live
How the things open to the world
Are feeling inside
Will you be the things that open to the world
Are feeling inside
Will you be the things that open to the world
Who I saw on the TV, for each one
So I would I knew
But I love you
If I a was somebody
We'd walkin', I'd love you
Yeah, I'll love you
If I could, he'd always stand by
The key to aowanie
I can't make this hell of a shot to run for a while.
Always with every chance I remember me or what I need.
I was not the one who saw my death,
I could do a lot of things,
I could not stop being alone.
I love you,
you saw my heart,
you saw it,
you saw it,
I love you,
you saw my heart,
you saw my heart.
I tried my best to go,
my favorite job to go,
I was not the one who saw my heart,
no one you should be,
you should be easy,
you should be easy,
you should be easy,
you see my heart,
I'm so nervous,
I know it's you,
I love you,
I love you,
you saw my heart
you saw my heart
you saw my heart
you saw my heart,
I love to be with you, just for all I know,
and I love you, just for all I know,
I love to be with you, just for all I know,
and I love to be with you, just for all I know,
and I love to be with you, just for all I know,
okay, so how am I doing?
okay, so you'll bet in the thousands I hope?
yes you are, I'm doing a CV.
I'm belting out to Lucrissy in here man,
I'm a horse from that.
now I have a request for my last day.
yes, now let's, we're in the 60s right now
am I correct on that?
right, okay let's try like 70s next segment
see what you got.
he's still good through the 70s.
okay now I'm just, I'm just seeing,
because I, I'm just seeing in the 60s.
I see an 80 half that anyone all crazy, I don't know what that is.
let's see how about ELO?
excellent 70s?
yes.
well you're, you like it, I know that.
well you want about Josh?
you like it?
I don't know, I'm going to have to hear it.
ELO?
oh brother, oh.
1148 votes on the pool.
the main reason I listen to Neil is for a last 456.
he's a freaking genius 386.
he speaks the truth 64.
and you ain't heard nothing yet believe me.
those bedtime stories 52,
to hear him suffer 49, not no mo,
no more suffering for this good.
because I'm bored 48.
the crazy caller is 42, all three of them.
a break from all sports 18.
I hate this pool 17 and I hate Neil.
I wish he would die 16.
absolutely.
he's a fucking genius.
he's got the two things he's supposed to do.
he's a push guy.
he's a push guy.
he's a push guy.
he's a push guy.
he's a genius.
he's a genius.
he's a fucking genius.
he's a fucking genius.
he's a fucking genius.
he's a fucking genius.
he's a fucking genius.
he's a fucking genius.
from 77 W ABC.
go, go, go.
just a matter of time
you'll make up your mind
come on and love that you've been hiding
just a push you won't live
I told you to come and get it
I'll get on the love you've been denied
he's a roller-lake of love
it's all you've got to do
you're a roller-lake of
girl you got to get it
you're a roller-lake of
girl it's all you've got to do
you're a roller-lake of
girl you got to get it
I said you'll never be mine
come on, you're coming time
I'm just on the love you've been hiding
it's just a push you won't live
I told you to come and give
all my love you've been denied
he's a roller-lake
you're a roller-lake of
girl you're a roller-lake
you're a roller-lake of
Oh
Oh
They love you
They get you
They love you
They get you
They love you
They love you
They love you
They love you
They love you
They love you
They love you
They love you
I want to wear it
They love you
They love to ride a bicycle
They love to ride a bicycle
But when we say
It's actually a question
Where are we going?
Why the cliches?
Why the cliches?
Trying to find the place
If than the next
Let's roll it
We'll be careful
I'll go and carry on
Kick me
I'm gonna throw the gun and go ahead and see you with all the makeup
Throw the gun and get justice, throw the gun and go
Lay the gun and get the kid and come to the world
Swear the things that will never you and be seen
Things to do
Things are tough now
Actually I thought it was quite nice
Oh God, 169 votes on the full G
If we'd have pushed it we'd have had 1200
But then again with all this music
Which isn't nearly as entertaining as Wayne's press conference
The honey tune yeah
Spent two years learning California
Standing in line clutching my jeans
Open I didn't soap my underers
Cause I knew my brother was so weird
All that night I felt water retention
I stood in line said things I'd rather not mention right now
Just after midnight I looked up
Saw the signs saying half a new year
But we're closed now but I said
I gotta be so bad
But now we're giving a say
To prevent myself from feeling my shoe
So I gotta be so bad
What do I do?
What do I do?
I told him say
We're wonderful
WQKL in Miami
We did together sing the way back where
Sometimes I never want to see you again
But I want to know after all the years
You're still the one I want to spend in Miami
You're still the one going on to the stage
You're the one that's in my head
We're still coming home and you're still the one
I know that you're being everyday
You're my name so I do my way to you again
I just wanted to go
I wanted to go
I'm still the one that's in my head
We're still wonderful
And you're still the one you think is
You're still the one that makes me proud
You're still the one that's in my head
We're still wonderful
And you're still the one you think is
You're still the one
You're still the one going on to the stage
You're still the one going on to the stage
You're still the one who walks
You're still the one and I can't get enough
You're still the one and you're still the one
You're still the one who gets scratched by me
You're still the one that's in my head
We're still wonderful and you're still the one
You are still the one that makes me proud
Still the one that makes me proud
Cause you have one and still the one
You have one and still the one
We're still the one and still the one
We're still the one and still the one
We're still the one and still the one
She came out of you yesterday
Oh right, this is song in my heart
And the chance to be yours forever
I couldn't feel my secure
I know I couldn't feel any better
Oh Lord, ever knows
Because I'm a child of you
I'm a child of you
I'm a child of you
I'm a child of you
Every time we're together
We're still moving like lightning
To me
I thought you beautiful feeling
You never hear it
If I said to you
Oh Lord, ever know, how much I love you, how much it shows.
Oh Lord, ever, ever knows.
I was never without you, trying to make it a love.
Oh Lord, ever know, what there's nothing about you.
Now your heart is my heart, if it's all in my heart.
And the chance to be your scarlet love, couldn't feel more secure.
I know I couldn't feel any effect of, oh Lord, ever know.
Oh Lord, ever know, how much I love you, how much it shows.
Oh Lord, ever, ever knows.
Oh Lord, ever know, how much I love you, how much it shows.
Oh Lord, ever, ever know, what there's nothing about you.
Oh Lord, ever know, how much I love you, how much I love you, how much I love you, how much I love you.
I love the grassroots.
I love the grassroots.
Oh there you go, what's not to like?
1189 on the pull, we will make 1200 in spite of our late Spartan and Spiderman today.
Thanks for everything Josh.
Thank you.
Thank you for your sitting on clearance is laugh over there.
I'll be in here, I'll be around.
Yeah, you'll be around when the food comes in.
