Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
You are... this is Tuba.
Tuba.
Tuba.
You tell me if Tepi is a Tepi Roni?
Tepi Roni?
Yes.
Yes, Tepi.
Roni, I know, and I.
Is this a man but is that name Tepi Roni?
Yes.
You want to talk to a man but a name of Tepi Roni?
Yes.
What?
What is it?
What is it?
Tepi, Tepi, Tepi.
Tepi.
Tepi Roni, help.
Tepi Roni!
Tepi Roni, here.
Tepi Roni!
Tepi Roni!
Tepi Roni!
Nobody but it's me.
It's not here?
No.
I'll get to you.
The folks who watch you,
America's Next Top Model,
Introduce America's Next Top Clown,
Starring Tyro Banks.
Okay, judges.
What did you think of Blinkies' performance,
Ronald McDonald?
Blinkie, it was just art for me.
The baggy pants are the bomb,
but spray in the celser bottle.
Hmm, it's been done.
Somebody done did it.
Okay, close up.
Oh, it was two rodeo clowns for me.
You got to step it up if you want to be America's Next Top Clown.
Ooh, and finally, crusty.
You spit-take was terrible.
My grandmother can do a better spit-take,
and she's in a coma.
Find out who gets honked to the next round,
and who gets fired out of the cannon.
I wonder what will receive an exclusive contract
with Ringley Brothers Circus,
and this tiny car for you and 20 of your friends.
Who will fill the big floppy red shoes to become,
America's Next Top Clown,
Tonight After Project Tyro.
That would be a good poll to take some day.
Who's your favorite clown?
Clara Bell.
Who's the one from Chicago?
I don't know.
Bozo.
You call me names already?
Bozo the clown.
You're on your back.
That was the one from Chicago, wasn't it?
I don't know where Bozo was from, but I don't know.
Clara Bell was from Howdy Duty, maybe.
Yeah, that's why we got only a shoot in the studio.
We went and all the fast stuff on these kids today
doing aberrant things because there's no Howdy Duty show.
Howdy Mr. Duty.
In fact, I better get that discount.
The one we're gonna get that clip from Buffalo Bob.
Yeah.
If we just had Buffalo Bob,
it's just like the kids that grew up in Florida
with Skipper Upchuck.
Did he really die or die dream that?
Yeah, he did.
He died.
He died.
I remember the day he was on Rick and Sucks.
Where was that?
They were doing a show on remote somewhere.
I was there.
I was there.
I ripped him an ass.
And a lighthearted, you know, in my usual fun way.
Hey, Skipper Chuck, you're an old, funny, dirty, high, like that.
You know, you old Koot.
And he didn't, I don't know if he was all that crazy about me.
Was he, did he like me or not?
Then I'll decide because he's dead so I can say whatever the hell I want.
I think he liked me okay.
Not that I care.
I don't really care whether people like me or not.
But it just, it just, you know,
it has some impact on whether I'd rip him an ass and, you know, you liked him a lot though.
Yes, I did.
I grew up with him, learned to English, and Skipper Chuck.
That explains a lot to me.
More bad news from Iraq, but that, that, the surge thing just don't seem to be getting
the job done for some screenplays.
He's getting a job done.
Two suicide car bombers struck a small US patrol basin in the Alla province yesterday
killing nine American soldiers, counter-boys and girls, the American soldiers, and wounding
20 more.
All of the casualties and members of the Army's 82nd Airborne Basin Fort Bragg North
Carolina.
Today represents the single greatest loss of life-resulters from Fort Bragg in more than
five years of simultaneous deployment media affairs officer Major Tom Earnhardt,
who will see an end.
And the beat goes on and more and more.
You know, everybody's all whipped up about Virginia Tech, which I understand and rightfully
so there were like 32 people who had kids who died, you know, in the prime of their lives.
They didn't get a chance to relive their lives.
And people ought to be outraged and foaming at the mouth, but nevertheless, every day there are these people dying,
nine right there, nine, count them.
And it's just like another number, like another statistic.
And other than the people that they knew, their loved ones and their families and their whatever friends,
nobody cares.
Don't tell me you care because you don't care.
That's the thing that really bugs the crap out of me.
Not that I want to get all whipped up a lot of because I cannot make you care.
Let's play Don't You Care by the Buckingham's.
There's nothing in the song.
I always say it wrong.
Don't don't play it.
Chris Fax is in.
Now Chris is the one that said Phil Henry told him to suck something.
I don't know.
Remember that Fax I read yesterday?
Sure do.
He says hello, George.
I'm Chris.
See, I finally figured out the reason I'm reading the headers on these Fax's and they all seem to be coming from the same person is because,
whoever, it's a reconditioned Fax machine.
I sure, you know, you can't find those new anymore.
They don't make them no more.
Those HP's.
That's a good one though.
By the way, you'd agree with me on that.
Is it not?
No argument.
No.
Good.
It does everything.
It'll even wax your chalélie if you talk to a knife.
It's not color.
And what do we need color for?
You start to know what the racial craft against not colored.
I got something for this colored.
But anyway, look at that.
Oh yeah.
See a doctor.
So the...
After my last trip to Amsterdam, I might have to hand-stu-dam.
That's cute.
I actually do like that.
I hate to admit it, but I did like that.
It was kind of cute.
But anyway, it's got the name of this person, MD.
And it's the header for whoever had their own the fax machine before.
Where is 201?
Is that Chicago?
Ah ha ha.
Chicago is...
I don't know.
What's 312?
313 is Detroit.
312 is a 212 in New York.
312.
What's a 212 in New York code?
It's on a dangerously close to work.
You're trying to make me do here.
Google it.
212 in New York code.
That's all you got to write in there for crying out loud.
God, you are the laziest little spick I have ever seen in my life.
There's no question.
You're not in my will no more.
Not that you ever were.
And why do we have to keep discussing that?
Why do you bring up my will again?
So Chris, I'm Chris, you just calm down.
Jason Maryland.
Jason Maryland.
It's in Maryland.
301, you said, right?
201.
Oh Jesus.
You're not even in the 201.
That's me.
Let me say it again.
Northern New Jersey.
Where?
Northern New Jersey.
Northern New Jersey.
So it's probably like, you know, who knows?
Maybe it's from the mental lands.
You said I'm the real one or something the first time.
No, I did not.
We haven't paid.
I haven't paid the audience.
I've heard it.
201 is I have family 201.
So I don't know that right away.
Well, where is 201?
I didn't do it.
Northern New Jersey.
Northern New Jersey.
That's a 301.
You did.
You know something.
You guys are in cohorts.
Right.
Yeah.
We should back up.
Now that we got all the games back, all of a sudden, these guys are acting like big shots.
Oh, like, let me, this is just a test.
Now that I can break this.
Do it back up.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
I'm going to make sure I double that right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
And the picture is going to top right.
Is that a good enough answer?
It's my money.
The only one.
Is that okay?
That's the only answer.
Yeah, that is the only answer.
It's my money.
It's my time.
I want to.
I like it.
Which is an answer, of course, to the musical question.
You like it?
Yes.
Still recovering from the Don I'm a scandal.
CBS Radio suspended two local shock jocks after they twice broadcast a racially charged prank called them employees at a Chinese restaurant.
CBS is getting really uptight now to start.
I'll make sure you got that by Stevie Wonder.
Yeah, I don't be playing that thing now.
In fact, I got that new one.
What's that?
I think I only played it once.
Let's see, I'll find it real fast here.
But I want to play the whole thing because then we're getting real deep doodoo.
You know, there's stoneers court.
I probably, I think I must have passed by it already.
Oh yeah, here it is ordering Chinese food.
Golden Pan Bad Dragon Paris, I think all of them.
Hi, I'd like to order a massive heart attack.
Okay, a Raj, order General Sao Chik-ga.
Yeah, okay, that's enough of that.
I don't like that accent.
Sounds racially charged.
The host of the Daily Morning Show, WFN Wise,
the doghouse with JV and Elvis have been suspended indefinitely without pay.
CBS Radio spoke to a man, Karen Mateo told the New York Times an email yesterday.
One of the host, Jeff Vanderbilt, apologize on Monday's show.
Local chapters of the organization of Chinese Americans that's organization.
And obviously, advocacy group released a statement some day protesting the segment
by Monday, California State Senator Lidland Yee and others joined the campaign.
In the segment broadcast April 5, a day after the infamous I'mas comment on CBS.
And again, last week, a comment to a Chinese restaurant,
in his person's order for takeout with Lude Language.
Oh boy, Lude Language.
Oh my God.
The caller asked one female employee.
He tells him that he wants to come to the restaurant to see her naked.
And we first, a part of her body is hot, Asian and spicy.
The caller also attempts to order shrimp, shrimp-flied rice.
I got news for it.
There's some problem with talking about shrimp-flied rice.
I mean, what is that?
Is that supposed to be bad?
Give me a break.
Will you people stop with his nonsense?
That's a break.
Shrimp-flied rice.
Oh, and some-we too bad with joshes in there.
You know what?
Well, we still have the important part of it.
Seen.
I was going to-I don't have to waste my time looking for it now.
And they drop it, either.
The show's host, Vandergrift and Dan Lay,
have been campaigning online and on the air in support of I'mas since his firing,
for calling the workers' University Women's Basketball team,
Nappy Headed, Ho is April 4th.
A CBS radio spokesman didn't respond to telephone email messages from the A&P.
Community advocates pushed for CBS to fire host of the show
as can only be heard in New York City areas and on the Internet.
If they don't find the DJs, it'll be a double standard said,
Vicky Shoosh Smolin, president of the New York City chapter,
the organization of Chinese Americans.
Well, Gladi-da.
How do you like that?
Everybody's getting suspended.
Everybody's getting fired at it because they're not politically correct
because they shrimp-flied rice my ass.
Hello.
Oh, guys, sit please.
Sit.
What's the name?
Sit down, now.
C-O-W-N.
She's W.
Uh, down.
C-O-W-N.
Sound?
S-I-T-E-S.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Sit down.
Sit down here.
No, not here.
Wendy Harper is a real Geico customer, not a professional spokesperson.
So to help tell her story, we hired a White House spokesperson.
I was two houses from home when a bolt of lightning flash.
Okay, Wendy will tell her story, but she will not tell it under oath,
and you can't take any notes.
A branch fell and hit the hood of my car.
We're not going to comment any further as this isn't ongoing investigation.
I believe my car was totaled.
I'm going to have to tell you once again, we're not commenting on the situation
while there is an open investigation, yes.
I thought it would take forever to settle my claim.
I would refer you to my previous comment on this situation.
I got my check in just two days.
I can't tell you how happy that made me.
Again, we can't comment at this time.
Geico, real service, real savings and real load of BS.
1018 at 560 W here.
Let's take a look.
You were going to send me a revised schedule today,
but your clearance is screwed up, and you didn't do it yet.
You ain't got it yet?
Right.
Well, what the hell is that all about?
I got that.
You're going to put the new schedule up about 10 till midnight tonight.
You bozo, you...
You fair.
Right.
Anyway, my dog is at the dolphin camp.
Is that what the deal is?
He's at camp.
I went to camp when I was 16 years old.
I went to summer camp.
How was it?
Below Snight or summer camp in light New York?
Up in the Adirondacks?
How was it?
Yeah, summer fun, summer not.
It was great.
It was all right.
I missed that.
That was the first time I'd ever been away from home for any period of time, you know?
Being the little pansy.
I love a really light Bible camp.
And then I started, like the second day, I thought,
yeah, I don't ever want to leave this place.
This is a lot of fun.
Sure.
And there's all these hot young guys running around naked too.
That's what I was thinking about.
The mad dog is at the dolphin camp two to four.
Then the power hour with Hank and the mad dog four to five.
Five to six thirty.
It's the Humper Solo.
Probably with some food along those two, it was seen.
And then six thirty, it's Marlon's Undec.
Marlon's in the, I'm reading yesterday's schedule, but it's the same.
Thank God.
Well, it's not good.
Seven, oh five, Marlon's in the Braves.
Marlon's one, eight to seven, last night.
Any interest?
No.
And then the heat rewinded at 1030, which means the heat must be playing again in the playoffs.
They lost to the bulls at opening game, right, John?
Chris?
Don't start correcting now, Chris.
Boy, you are really silly since you found out you weren't getting an end of the offense yesterday.
You got really serious.
What?
What?
That's why you were agreeing with George with that 301 crap.
You are so full of it.
Did you rewind the tape?
No.
No, I'll do that to the show.
But we got heat rewinds.
It was at 1030.
I don't want to hear about it.
Okay.
501.
What the hell differences are made?
Jesus Christ almighty.
And then, Dean Knight with at a K at 130.
George is just PO 130 and 1130 that's supposed to be.
Well, whatever.
Nobody cares.
We don't have the heat games anyway.
It's on IOD.
And so, you know, this business that we're trying to siphon some audience off of the heat.
Well, here's the heat rewind.
And we have rewind this.
Okay.
We wind your tape there.
201.
So, anyway, this all this Tyler guy, which I'm sure the audience is very excited about this,
not, sends me this award.
It says recognizing there would be no progressive talk to secure the future.
The future of without the brave souls who laid down its foundation.
That doesn't even make any sense.
It's like a, I got an email from some chick on MySpace last night.
And she's bitching about all the bozos on there.
And it was the most illiterate thing ever.
She had every word misspelled and it was just, it was illiterate.
And she's knocking everybody else like the callers.
You know, oh, these callers are terrible.
They don't have any material.
You know, like that one.
Yes, do you remember him?
He was really special.
Like this one here.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, I don't know.
Two bozos that you're working with there, but you definitely said 201 first.
Yeah, I know that.
All right.
Have a great day.
I want it now.
I don't want to.
Will you stop?
I didn't say three or one.
It's a three or one.
I said three.
The one that you do is Chicago.
313 is Detroit.
And two and two is New York.
That's what I said.
I don't care either.
You're the one that keeps bringing it up.
I'll tell you when you were on vacation that we can Josh was in there.
He did a sense.
Yeah, I know.
He always said.
I'm just thinking out loud.
I'm not saying that for any reason at all.
Out loud.
But I'm just thinking out loud.
What was his name, Bill Treck?
The tech.
The tech.
It was on the whammy for that channel.
You can give Marvin Raulman a kiss again.
Thank him so much for embarrassing and degrading me and getting me on there.
You could have been okay.
Who would have been done right.
But they wouldn't listen to me whammy.
It's like always.
What would I know about anything?
The Neo Roger show.
What would I know about it?
Anyway, my name is on here in its God.
I guess because you made a copy of this.
It's got like a one of those embossed things.
What do you call it?
It's a gold sticker.
A gold sticker.
I can get a gold sticker.
Purple jelly bean.
I'll write.
Costically comic founder of the format.
That is correct.
I'm caustic and I'm comic and I'm a founder of the format.
I'm going to lay down.
Now I'm taking a rest because I'm old.
It's here by word of the certificate of appreciation for his many
contributions toward making progressive talk worth fighting for.
And it's dated April 6th, 2007.
Here's the letter.
Non-stop radio is dedicated to securing the future progressive talk around the country
by putting it back on in markets that are losing their progressive talk stations.
And establishing new outlets and markets that have never had the privilege of listening to alternative point of view.
In other words, as opposed to right wing,
here I'm giving like fascist propaganda.
Or as they say, proper gander.
I'd like to take a proper gander at certain things like maybe Brady Quinn-Naked.
I'd like to have a proper gander with that.
Just for the hell of it.
Just so I'd be in my memory bank.
Hey Brady.
The Trailblazer award, Blazer Awards, would have been out of Georgia said before the show that when I start
getting into here until we the first one let me know.
That's right.
Blazer Awards, would have vises away for non-stop radio to recognize and appreciate those brave souls
who lay down the foundation of progressive talk.
Sounds like I'm dead already.
These awards will never be given out again as progressive talk is swiftly moving from the foundation
that Trailblazers gave into an audacious and promising tomorrow.
In March, non-stop radio asked everyone to email them their nominations or the second nomination that already existed
for the progressive talk as they felt should be recognized as a Trailblazer progressive talk.
Those were tallyed through midnight March 31.
We then sorted out those amongst the nominees who had received the most calls for recognition.
You are one of these winners.
All right.
I'm progressive.
I'm old and I'm a queen.
And I got a big mouth and nobody's going to stop it.
Look for Trailblazers' hall page to be up shortly at www.nonstopradio.com.
We too long to meet your fellow Trailblazers as best we can.
This is day to day, April 6th.
So it might be up there already.
During the break I'm going to check it out.
Boy, if I'm on the internet, whoa.
Please accept this framed Trailblazer award certificate.
By the way, George took the award out of the frame and he stole the frame.
I'll put your paper in the frame, though.
And that's good.
Please accept this framed Trailblazer award certificate as token of America's appreciation.
I appreciate America's appreciation for your efforts to give us a voice.
Your visionary actions gave us the basis of progressive talk.
We won't disappoint your wasted efforts together.
We will build its future.
Yours and the cause, Aldis Tyler of nonstop radio, Madison, Wisconsin, with a phone number,
a PO box, address, shoe size, a holdy line.
Well, thanks, Aldis.
And what kind of a name is that anyway?
Well, this is the oldest of them all, I don't know.
Okay, let's get to the, oh, yeah, the pool.
Here's the one from yesterday, 13, 114 votes.
How often do you think about sex?
How often do you think about sex?
Are you like a real pervert?
You just make believe.
Okay?
There are those of us who are real perverts.
I mean real.
Honest to God.
Deal, God.
Perverts, and then there are those who are like wannabes.
How often do you think about sex?
Several times today?
Well, that's a wannabes, 700.
Several times.
Nonstop.
That's me.
That's real pervert, 351.
Once you're twice a day, 164.
And then it gets into that area that really gave a great area.
Sell them only is 74 or sell them.
And never 25.
Oh, fourth grader brings grenade to class.
Dell's area school evacuated a grenade.
Now we're talking something new and interesting anyway.
Anybody can bring your gun.
Fourth grader now, see, fourth grader be what?
About nine years old.
Okay.
10 or 10?
Huh?
Okay.
Evacuation at Texas Elementary School where a student brought a grenade.
And there in Texas, South Lake here is about, or just outside or four work, kind of suburb there.
Super.
Well, what kind of a word was that?
It was out Lake.
How come you people at CNN can't afford to put somebody on the air who can speak real English?
I don't know what he said, but it sure wasn't suburb.
Okay.
There's only one way to pronounce that word.
It's not suburb, a suburb, a-bub, a-bub, a-bub, what was that that he said?
I don't know.
Evacuation at Texas Elementary School.
A kid brought a grenade to class.
That's the American F&W baby.
Let's kill some people.
Come on.
Kill.
God.
Hey, mom.
Did you crave a delicious pizza and the back child support that low-life loser still owes you?
Then call Domenos for our new, Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Domenos, Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Speak of the devil.
It's you.
Oh, hey.
Here's your pizza.
How much do I owe you?
$7500.
Oh, well, uh.
Here's a 20.
I'm 20.
Yeah, I would add the rest of it if New York had covered this spread.
Oh, hey.
How's the little Sally doing, anyway?
Her name is Susie, and you used that excuse last time.
Well, tell her Daddy's asking about her and give her these fudgeons, okay?
She needs new shoes and you give her fudgeons.
Yeah, they're at $3.99.
I'll just take it off what I owe you.
Oh, okay.
Domenos, Deadbeat Dad Pizza.
Open the door.
It's that SOB.
1032 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy Tuesday from QN, the home of the Dolphin.
It was at the Doffins.
How do you say that, the Doffins?
So, uh, you say it?
No, it's not how I say it.
It's as I can speak properly.
I'm not that fat.
I don't have my neck like I've connected to my chin bone.
Whatever, however, that goes.
I can breathe a little bit while I'm trying to say it.
I have a little bit of energy, not a whole lot.
Although, when I'm in hamster, damn, all of a sudden I whip up a whole bunch of energy.
I whip it.
874 votes on a pool today.
I like this pool.
It's a good one.
I have no idea who sent it.
Because the header had that same name on it.
Ween, MD, and of course, all of the...
This is somebody fairly regular pool of person.
I don't know who it is.
You know what I mean?
I mean, yes, yes.
Yes, I do.
Yes, I do.
Most people vastly overestimate their ability to blank.
874 votes.
Reason or think for themselves.
339.
That's not what I voted.
I voted for the one that's number two right now.
And so did you, I think.
Right.
Most people vastly overestimate their ability to be funny.
177.
Like the colors on these shows, for example.
Oh, I'm ready to fire.
Ah, let me call it, make a sound, okay?
Ah, ah, ah.
Oh, brother.
To drive 184, 164.
And I noticed this past weekend being in South Florida, you're not getting any better.
I noticed the driving abilities are like they're out really, really sad.
Bad and sad and just a tad unacceptable.
Horrible.
Drive 164.
Make love, one-away.
Well, I guess every guy considers himself a master swordsman, you know, but, ah, I guess
if you were to talk to the ladies that he was, ah, consulting with, they might give you
a different opinion.
Most people vastly overestimate their ability to speak.
A.K.A. makes sounds with their mouth.
53.
And cook.
23.
Cook.
Most people overestimate their ability to speak.
No, I don't know.
What do you think about that?
I guess there are those who must.
Hey, I'll cook you a good meal and it's not.
880 vote.
Or Chris is sitting back.
He's just fat and sassy today.
He's always got the first part of that looked anyway, the fat part, because he knows we've got
a thousand votes easy on this one.
That's pretty good poll.
As polls go.
We have 1338 friends in my space.
And let me just also say this after I went through that rant, it's some guy named Nick.
And guess who, ah, could me in on that KJ's wife?
What's her name?
J.L.
Genie.
That's right.
Thanks, Genie.
She could me on the fact over the weekend that this goofball, Nick had started his own kind of
like side, the meal right.
But there's only one.
I mean, you know, there's only one for the audience.
My show page, near Rogers, and the show, and that's it.
And all you other goofballs that want to start your own page in a fan space.
What is wrong with you people, okay?
What is wrong with you?
I have no idea.
Oh man, I've touched the flesh to where the flesh to eat and be one with the flesh.
Oh man, it's your eighth to flesh.
I got in mind.
Not that Nick guy anyway, he's fat and gross.
And but anyway, he took that thing down after I bitched him up.
And you know what, are we going to turn it out to be?
He was trying to plug some stupid ass thing.
He's about to go to the family.
Yeah, gluttony.
I want to like pedal some of their crap, you know, pedal something or promote something.
Go and promote it someplace else.
A man who was arrested for butcher-begin alligator on his front lawn says he only wanted a new belt.
This was in Tampa, by the way.
Benjamin Hodges, 35-old, if he was kind to Gil Hodges, I sure doubt it.
Benjamin Hodges says he found a dead alligator floating in the Hillsboro River on Sunday, took it home in a shopping cart.
He figures it was about four or five feet long.
He figures.
He figures.
I mean, this is a story from the Associated Press and they write he figures it was four or five.
Well, what is that?
Go figure.
Instead of saying he guesses or he estimates it was he figures it was four or five feet long.
Some kind of a Yehu wrote this, some kind of a redneck, which is basically what America is all about.
If you take away maybe four or five states, you've got nothing left but a bunch of rednecks.
Maybe half a dozen.
Come on, let's do that right now when I finish this stupid story, okay?
And don't be given me that 301 crap again.
Okay.
Justice Hodges flopped the carcass on the ground and started to cut it open.
The poli showed up and arrested his ass.
An anonymous caller reported him in the state wildlife agency which contacted Tampa offices for assistance.
A lot of ass over there in Tampa.
He's charged with killing or possessing an alligator.
I bet you there's a lot of ass at that Mons We miss place.
Now, did you tell me you were over there?
I never answered ever.
What do you mean not to say?
I'll say anything.
I was never there.
Although I was invited, I opted out.
Really?
Yes.
That sounds kind of gay to me.
Well, no, Randy, she definitely wanted to go to that.
What was that place?
She did go.
She did go.
It was Randy and Jim that invited me to go and I just didn't want to go there.
Girlfriend.
And by the way, you talk about Jim when you say girlfriend.
I don't go to strip clubs unless they're paying me.
What does that mean?
Like the gigs that we do.
Oh, I see.
I love the guys that play for me.
I was trying to throw into the bus with a treasure.
If I'm going to pay to not get laid, I'll just go home.
He is charged with killing or possessing an alligator, both of which are illegal in Florida.
Well, it was already dead according to this.
He figures it was dead.
It's a felony punishment about 60 days in jail and a $500 fine.
Hodges said he knew of a man at a flea market who might be able to craft a belt for him.
I don't think there was anything illegal about skimming a dead gator he told the temple to
rune his free on two grand bond.
The American alligator is protected and Florida is a species of special concern and hunting
is tightly controlled.
Only state licensed trappers can kill alligators out of season.
Well, it was already floating around day and he just wanted to make a little belt.
As for dead alligators, officials recommend letting turtles or crabs dispose of them naturally.
How do you like that?
Dead alligator with crabs.
Boy, that's bad.
Talk about lecturing yourself.
It's really bad.
Okay, now let's list the states that are not redneck yeehoo states.
We're going to make a list.
New York.
All right.
New Jersey.
And I put that down.
I don't know.
They have other issues, but they're not redneck.
That's for sure.
Massachusetts.
Well, I guess all in the England, huh?
New England, yeah.
Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Rhode Island and Connecticut as some, if you'd say.
California, Oregon, Washington.
Oregon, Washington.
Washington, Washington.
Wisconsin.
Oh, yeah, right.
We're not sure about that this morning.
Illinois.
Sure.
What am I leaving out?
I think that's it.
I think it is.
Michigan?
That is a bunch of redneck and Michigan.
Okay, so if I was a Michigan for 12 years, a lot of redneck's there.
A lot of yeehoo's.
I was the pioneer of small market radio.
Michigan from Albeon, Michigan to Marshall, Michigan.
I beg your pardon?
That award.
That's what it says.
Yeah, pioneer of a small market BS radio.
So there's two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve, thirty.
I would add Hawaii is pretty progressive place.
Fourteen.
Well, it leaves 36 redneck states.
See, it's not a good balance when it comes right down.
And I think I was pretty generous, putting Jersey in there.
And maybe even New Hampshire.
New Hampshire are craggy rednecks, basically.
They're not like your typical southern rednecks, but they're...
I could have probably put Pennsylvania on here, couldn't I?
Maryland.
Maryland's another one, right?
What about Delaware?
Are there any people in Delaware?
How many people in Delaware?
About 30, man.
I don't know.
There's probably plenty of rednecks in Delaware.
There's plenty of dark folks in Delaware.
I'll tell you that.
I was once, I forget where the hell I was going.
Well, I always forget where I'm going.
But I was in that neck of the woods and I was going to go to Dover Downs Race Track, I believe.
And I got into...
What's the city?
Is it, I guess, it's Dover in Delaware?
Yes.
I get must be, yeah.
And I got into a part of town where there were no white people anywhere.
And I thought, I'm going to turn around and go back.
I'm not going to find the track.
Now, that may sound like a racial thing.
It's like one time in Chicago we took the shortcut down to Washington Park, or Sportsman Park.
And that was not a good idea.
It was not really...
And your friend, Sheryl and her husband at that time, Mitch Weeney, he was panicking, man.
He was having real bad spielkies, really bad.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, what are we going to do?
Turn around and go back.
Come on, Mitch, you've seen a few dark folks in your time.
Just quit the crap already.
We did plays, there was no big simists, and then we stopped the nice directions, and they looked at us like,
what do you, a honky, doing in this part of town like that?
You know?
But it was okay.
We got there in one piece.
And the people at the track, or I think with Sportsman Park, were extremely unfriendly.
And I don't know.
They were just hostile.
Maybe they knew we were from Florida.
Oh, God, I got choked up thinking about it.
Anybody, anytime you go anywhere, don't tell me you're from the US if you'd like traveling abroad.
And if you're traveling in the US, do not tell me you're from Florida.
They'll kick your ass.
Ricky, up low.
1, 2, 3, 4, more bombs drop.
5, 6, 7, 8, more bombs drop.
Oh!
9, 10, 11, 12, more bombs drop.
We're going to drop.
Oh!
Around the clock, we're going to drop them bombs, and they go dead.
Loan that drag right off their heads.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Out there lights.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb.
Around the clock tonight.
I hate the bomb.
I hate the bomb.
I hate the bomb.
I hate the bomb.
I hate the bomb.
There's a wheel.
Don't bomb, so have a blast.
We're going to jump.
That I love your ass.
We're going to bomb around the clock tonight.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Out there light.
We're going to bomb, bomb, bomb.
Around the clock tonight.
You're just like the boy.
Actually, I'm not the boy.
You're a great guy.
Welcome, hell.
It damn near. Kill them.
Damn near.
14-11-5-6-2-W.
QM so Brandon your close personal online my space friend has a list that he made of non redneck states and he has all the ones that I said
They also adds Ohio. I guess Brandon's never been to Ohio
I
Mean outside of Cleveland and maybe I mean Yahoo City baby red necks like Indiana. I don't see much difference between Ohio and Indiana
Do you know?
Do you know oh and Alaska he says my god are there like any progressive people in Alaska?
I mean to the left of the top of the hunt of course not and he's got one of them on Nevada
Oh brother, we're not talking about tourists. We're talking about
Residentes, okay, so not a bad job a little bit carried away there by the way something go right ahead
Jim and Hank will both be at the camp today
So you can make a little adjustment that when you read the schedule you know something I'm gonna adjust my foot
You know who's a back home. It's gonna be in clearance. Okay. Who cares? Who cares?
See you don't understand how important this is no let me say it again. Who freaking cares?
Okay, this is the kind of crap that he comes in there and talking about
This is the only solution we got is to take him and this hang his ass right out there by the bag pool
There must be a big bag pool right up there on four four somewhere. Yeah, what a jackass you are clear
And idiot that last facts. I just did that go here. Yes, that's from truck
Yes
Yes, good fact what kind of header came up on that thing George
Excellent in underneath it says the CC. Oh, that's somewhere he's from yes. Yes. No excuse me
He's in the Palm Beach
It says do you need a left or listen to you from any years have concluded that you're opinion of the average American is absolutely correct
correct sure
38 million people last week picked up the phone and voted on American Idol 38 million
Oh my god, that says it all I
Recently found a website I'd like to recommend to you in your listeners johns.net
So J. O N H. Do you think he's got that spelled right John
John Hs.net you should watch these documentaries when you have time America freedom to fascism big brother big business and
Iraq for sale of the war profiteers. I've seen that one. This is un unbelievable
What Chuck says now I know I was adding Canada. I'll be there soon since I'm most pumped good luck you chuckle see the border rate
Bring along some warm pantaloons for the winter time
There's Jessica Lynch is on there right now talking about how she would have that romantic rescue not
But I took this had some of his brother was on air sin that they booked your disaster that it was all that's right
And he destroyed all the evidence destroyed all the evidence because there was a big cover up
All this crap and going on now there's a committee looking into the accounts of all this stuff
And of course they lied like hell about her rescue and all of the same
That's all the doctor by the fact that we were there in the first place which we shouldn't have been
We shouldn't be there now and we got a bunch of weak need jelly liver a bunch of idiots out there called politicians
But a beep but a boop but about and while they're sitting around going about a beep
But it would but about more and more innocent people are dying. What do you hate America, Connie?
913 votes on the pool today most people vastly overestimate their own ability to
Reason think learn for themselves
352 reason my ass
I'm not gonna be able to how can you reason when you don't use your brain?
How can you reason when you just brainwash when you're like a lemon when you like an auto me Tom as they say
Whoever they are red next red now. It's probably say that auto me Tom. They don't know words that big
Most people vastly overestimate their own ability to be fight
202 yeah, just listen to the callers on this show anytime any day any place be funny
Drive 170 make love one 12 oh yeah all the experts swordsman out there man
They're huff it in profit and they you know all their wives and girlfriends are put on a good act
And what they're really thinking is when is this gonna get over with already that's what they're thinking
Speak aka make sounds with their mouth 54 and cook 23 I don't know
That could be wrong but cook to me don't seem like it belongs on at list
Although I guess there are a lot of women couldn't boil water, you know
Like my mother team I beg your pardon my mother your mother's a bad cook. Well, she's she might wave a burrito that bitch
Don't have much going forward. I don't hate to call her mother. I'm your opacity for evil. She is right
You I think you would probably say that that would be an insult to all bitches all over the world
The world that's right. That's my my seat that evil
Well, when she gonna croak already. I don't know any minute now
I think at least my mother had the decency to croak for crying out right there in a hospital
I'm sure I don't make it to 99 also her 91st birthday boy. I got good genes going for me. Maybe
My father as much of a miserable bastard as he was that's why he lived so long a miserable bastard's look forever
He lived in 90 90 I think
Maybe a little more than that. I don't know and she she looked she died in her 95th birthday mama Cita
So I got it by all you know if I'd stop eating ice cream now
I will admit this to you and you're not gonna be really happy with it. I was 189 on the scale this morning
That's not too bad, eh? Huh?
Not bad at all not bad 189 although I was down to 181 here about a month ago and I found some more
You know I lost some weight and I found it too bad. I'm not doing also bad all of them fat
I'm discussing I can reach down here and pinch you. Oh
whole seven inches. Oh, I wish about about 50
And anyway, so what about have you seen when I'm hooked on now?
I finally weaned myself off the Hagen does banana nut ice cream
Oh, I don't know what I'm here to your life. Yeah, well too bad because I got a bad substitute even worse
Hagen does rocky road. Did you know that Hagen does made a rocky road that you can buy in the store? No, they do
You can buy a convenient story you can buy it anywhere you can buy like at a gas station
You can buy like at a auto parts store Hagen does rocky road, baby, and you know me. I love my rocky road
mm
Almost as much as rocky extra rhea, especially the one episode where he was had only the towel on you know
Yeah, I just I can't get that out of my mind that that
Meeting the cutter, huh perform an exercise for you
Well, he was just he was a really friendly guy
You know his nice guy Steven Bauer who used to be rocky extra rhea who was on K-Paw's are you essay?
That was on so long ago that probably most of these people isn't even know from K-Paw's to USA
Do you think how many years ago would you say that was a big locally?
So all the old timers in the audience so like I
USAC anyway, so how did that come about? I met a
Panther game in the Miami arena so it's many years ago. He came in the station a couple times
Is that what it was? No, no, I had never met him before
You didn't understand I had never met him before and
So I guess one of our intermediaries brought him to the game to introduce me to him or the other way around and so you know
I somebody calls to me. I'm sitting in my seat before the game and somebody calls out to me
I go up there in this listener of ours who's the intermediary the Pimp he says hey, I want you guys to me
but and
Steven Bauer put his I'm I listen if there's somebody I like I'll give him a good hug
Okay, you know me. I'm not I'm not really touchy-feely unless it's somebody I like if I like you a little bit too much
I won't let you go but that's beside the point
But he gave me a hug he grabbed on to me like I was as long as the rhea was just crazy about me
And that's something and I thought how come he didn't do this about 10 years ago when he had only that towel on
And he seemed like a pretty good guy and of course he had his
Throw problems, but yeah, that's fine everybody
Everybody in show back is you know they get a little bit of a nose problem. They get too much money
They came through it. You know it's back to making movies. He's even trying to drive you like him. I like his TV
Steady Bauer
Venezuela's Chavez says US harboring terrorist jet bomber
I wonder if he's came to Papa Bauer and the bird Bauer boy that show is sure gone in the toilet all you've got in life people all
You three people are watching that show has gone in the toilet
Jesus Cade Christ what a piece of turd that thing is not smells bad when you turn your TV on oh
Because here they showed a three in the afternoon on the Buffalo Channel on the Bufo Channel
President Hugo Chavez Sunday accused US president George W Bush of harboring the convicted bomber of a Cuban airliner
I accused the president of the western protecting international terrorist Chavez said they afraid the father of all terrorists
The terrorist Luis Posada Carilas Chavez said
His middle name is Posada. How is that a middle name? Or is that like part of how do you or people explain all the 80 names?
I don't understand the question
Is a middle name or is it like just part of a
Depends on how it's written Louise Posada Carilas is a little middle name
Posada Carilas, but you see then
That's not a little more than it could be his two last names
Probably is then why is he got two last names all spakes have two last names
We don't have that many to go through so you know you two are big shorts Rodriguez Roy DS
What?
Rui Diaz
Rui Diaz see who's that Rui hey Rui
Posada Carilas a former CIA agent was released last week from a Texas jail
The Oven of the Wayla and Cuba won a match to that in the 76 bombing of a Cuban airliner which crashed killing all 73 aboard
We've asked for his extra edition for more than two years. We sent them the evidence
This gentleman was imprisoned for the bombing here in the escape Chavez said why do they keep calling these lunatics gentlemen?
Mr. Bush your harboring a terrorist which makes you a terrorist he said Chavez echoed Bush's similar accusations after nine over the
Text on the Westbyle kind of which he said was harbored by Afghanistan's government a fierce opponent of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
Posada Carilas was released from jail in Texas on $350,000 bond pending the May 11th start of his trial
I'm immigration charges and immediately flew to his wife's home in
Miami let's go to Miami where we'll be safe
He was convicted in Venezuela in 76 of mastermindedly downing of the Cuban jet off Barbados
But escaped from prison 85 he was sentenced eight years prison in Panama and a bomb plot to assassinate Castro during an
Iberal American summit in 2000 and outgoing pantomame in president Medea Musco so a pardon him four years later
He was detained by his immigration officials in May 2005 or in ring, New West illegally
U.S. authorities are refused to extradite him to Cuba or Venezuela expressing fears that he might be tortured
It's like listening to some of that sports talk. Maybe it's like torture shot
Place we know
Oh, and aim a madame fell whose first name begins with oh
There's one thing we all understand
Alcato won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan
We could chase around forever
With our tanks and all our troops the special forces are some tired
Jumping through them
You don't need another
plane
Here's let's cut out all the nonsense and go blow up Pakistan
Now create a need to nuclear
Why don't we stop pussy food and blow up
Pakistan
Amen first Saudi Arabia and then
Jeffrey on
Pakistan first Saudi Arabia like tomorrow Saudi Arabia and Thursday Pakistan and Friday it'll be
And we'll have a party all weekend long what you say I
Sounds like a plan to me 938 votes on the pool this hour
We go over a thousand and Chris is back and starts forcing food on his big gullip. Yeah, just shuttling it down there
Tomorrow's char hot Wednesday by the way is definitely take care of you know he's he is really
Fan-ass why he set up that melting pot event and it was great
What do you do about pop it up parking the slots?
I don't know is he got me any information about that forget about spots?
How about some information? Okay? I've only had them on air about 5,000 years and just like to think with a slot
So okay who is getting the credit who was given you remember when we had the election and who did they say got it passed in
Broward I'll tell you who and the reward that I get is as a kick in the ass
Not that I'm looking I won't get any money out of it one way or the other you know
I did that because I believe in it because I think it was good for
Education and good for the state and good for tourism and good for people having something to do and that God for second place but
When push comes to shove man they shove you aside like yesterday's halavai
It's just you know who now cares about him. We don't need him. We don't need him
He already showed for us for a long time help get that thing passed and put it over on a public now screw him
That's basically what it boils down to so duck you're doing a heck of a job, okay?
And if you don't take care of these guys with char hot tomorrow
I'm gonna be I'm coming down there personally and kick your fat. Yeah, so came off
You simple to knew you're fairy like was without saying 940 votes on the pull 940
I used to work there but that was some kind of a station once upon a time now it's some kind of a station
I can't say the word on a year though
It's some kind of a station all right crap scare America now
Most people vastly overestimate their own ability to we got nine
I bet you if I click that thing we might even do a little 943 you see that see that Chris
Yeah, you don't care you just all you care about is getting fed you know free meals and you know taking that paltry paycheck home
Now tomorrow is payday, isn't it? I got paid Friday
Why is that because I have that direct deposit stuff?
See I don't know why I don't have direct deposit they keep giving me
I mean the contact and I have to go to pay you all and that's what they said
Well, you know what they can stick it with a moonroach on all of my checks keep showing up early again
Thanks to jolly joe nice go on joe
You're okay, although everything I said about your last week is true times 100 and you are a fan ass
But nevertheless I'll trade you trade me what paychecks. Yeah
Your mama they can send me that paycheck
Let me just say this here right now you're not getting my dolphin season tickets number one and number two
You're not getting my paycheck other than that the good luck to you. Okay now everybody everybody wants I want I want this
I want that I'll I'll dispense my stuff to whomever I like okay to whomever I choose that's the way it works in life
And like George and the will thing you know George wants to be my will to answer the more I think about it is of course not
See Georgia's thing is
No, I mean what you're famous for doing. Yeah, but it's a a thousand times in the morning if we always
Confabulate maybe if we're not going to have before the show anymore. I'm sitting here and you're sitting there
Uh-huh and goes to this thing about oh you've kept me alive all these years you kept me
Yeah, it's all scared me. It's all scared me
Well, why don't you lay it out there right now?
I'm still telling my friend Dave that you want to be in my will
Why don't you tell your friend Dave whose last name I know but won't say it has mental problems
He's a pathological wire. He needs help
He needs help and you call me a bad judge a character
You've got a dangerous person in your life. It needs help someone that Kuku bananas is capable of anything
He needs mental help. He needs therapy. Why don't you get take some of that money? You're giving him and get him some help
He's got a nice girlfriend though wonderful. She must know also that he's a pathological liar. He says needs you therapy
He needs help
Starting tomorrow. We're doing like 5 a.m. Till midnight. We cannot do that Ron and ancient Paul man
I think the more I think about that that is so with one voice type behind it. It's just pathetic
It's just sad that anyway. It's the market. You know, it's a sad market. It's a sad place
I was there a couple days this weekend. I had a great time by the way
949 votes on a poll most people vastly overestimate their ability to reason slash think slash learn for themselves
374 out of five. They're like Frado
They think they're smart and if they're dimmer than sawdust
To be funny 208
to drive 175
Make love 114
To speak a K.A. makes sounds with their mouth 56 and cook only 23 the cook thing
I'm almost tempted till Eric to get that off of her, but it adds a few votes, you know
Don't take it off of their Eric leave it on but it's it just doesn't fit with the other ones, you know
I don't overestimate my ability to cook I'm not I'm not all that bad in the kitchen, you know
I'm not gonna eat especially on the eating part when you love to eat you know
Now I don't want to tell you this this is disgusting. Okay. I already talked about the point of
Rocky Road, Hagen, I was yesterday. I did have that and and today
Today I got a mozion down to the eating center because I got to get my coke Q10 my GNC
I will say this you know GNC once upon a time. I think the stuff they were selling was crap years ago
They got some pretty good stuff now. Do you ever I mean? I don't know if you're a vitamin person
I think that's the only thing it keeps me alive. I take what is it the centrum?
Yeah, I want one a day one a day
It's like a bomb movement one a day. What are you talking about big old horse-sized trubal pill what?
Man you might you might as well as fart and Joyce's faces take the lie
I love that you really think you're getting some kind of benefit out of one day
They got to be able to do but anyway, so I gotta go get my co-cute
I'm gonna make a long story short the GNC and I've told you this before is right next to like the middle of the food court
There and the eating center well there's several food courts, but it's right next to one of them and they have a Mrs.
Fields cookies and they've got a
Laura C. Court ice cream and they've got a big bastard robins right there
Like a just a stones throw from a GNC
Now it's gonna require every ounce of energy because they do have great Rocky Road at the best bastard robins
You know that don't you yeah
You're not gonna get me with this ice cream talk. I mean I I like ice cream, but you love it
I do I'm bread. I'm an ice cream junkie man. I could sit here if I weren't diabetic and it weren't bad for me
I
Could sit here and eat tubs of ice cream all day every day. I know that's a disgusting thing to say
But I'm just being honest with you. I loves it man. You probably don't have like cold sensitive teeth either like some of us
No, I don't well
There's another thing. I have a sensitive stomach though. I'm going when you eat a lot of ice cream
Wow, you better stay real close to home. You might be lactose intolerant. I bet you I am
So what does that mean? I don't drink milk. How about cheese? I had a lot of cheese
Yeah, but an ice cream is milk also, but there's a tablet you can take, you know
Oh, so then I keep like a hundred times more ice cream. Yeah, there you go. That's what you need until I they have to chop my leg off
And I go blind and all those other diabetic wonders. I only make some people happy
Now who's gonna push me around? I still want to know if I sign this 20 or extension my deal
I want to know who's who's gonna volunteer to push me around and empty my bag and
Point me in the right direction and bring a bunch of hot young guys
Oh, well, you could bring anybody up here if I couldn't see him and tell me
Hey, you know, you want to see through the cataract? I would know believe you me. I know
Mm-hmm, by your luck. She'll your way around that's correct
I would know by the touch by the feel of the skin. I think Chris is volunteering for that
I'll do the pushing but he can change the bag. How's that? Yeah, push this
Now let's see who was that was that Jackie Bales that did that push thing
I'm just I'm just trying to find it. Yeah, yes, you know, I only play it under the right circumstances
Very Jackie. My daughter is looking for a miracle to the former president is trying to push push in Bognia
right and with a push like his it's not easy to push
958 votes now. Let's see where did I leave off make love on 15 speak make sounds with them on 56 and cooked 24
Somebody else voted for that because they're a feared. I'm gonna take it off of there 24
Well, I don't know I mean if you have bad taste and you really cook a bunch of crap
And I started to tell you about the meatloaf that I last night the whole thing
Like a whole diet tray of meatloaf. No, I wouldn't say it was a giant tray
It's one of those things that you buy in the store. It's like pre-cooked. Oh yeah, it's so much fun
It wasn't really all that I mean they got some bread crumbs and stuff like that in there, you know
I know it had some carbs. It wasn't good to have carbs in it
But I don't really care. I had some great gravy in it. Mm-hmm
And I just kept you know cutting off a slice and another slice
I kept slicing it baby in the meatloaf too
And I finally want to be in the whole damn thing and you're right. There's not that much to it
But it does sound like a glutinous a glutinous thing and that sounds very bad like I'm a pig and I am and I I
Mean I like to eat am I supposed to apologize for that? I mean if God if God didn't want us to eat
He wouldn't have invented forks and not very whiny
That's right if the Lord didn't want us to eat
He wouldn't have invented plates and forks and microwaves and ovens and crap
Am I right? Right. Although I could I could live without the crap part
951 on a pool by the time this half our ends will be close to a thousand boats and then in fact when we come back
We got the big announcement. We got a big secret about the dolphins and Q.I.M
You know the way that was handled yesterday. It's like another insult to us in the show
I mean you just know that they couldn't have done that like at 130 or 12 30
In the middle of this show because that would have been fancy in the middle of the only
It doesn't have it all throughout yet. Yeah, that's right. I'm selfish. You know, I'm pig
Possibly killed some day with the food
That's right. You just are disgusting crap
For her to sing
Bad
It's an holiday special
Thank you
Oh my god
I never like to sing those songs that you have sung
Sounds like you have come all along
You're even worse than William Hall
Oh, come on
People in the world
You should throw a conscience and just call it quick
And some food show and remember it
You sit down for your hair too
And you little white boy
You have to fly it on your face
Then replace stuff with that talk
And lose that pony ho
Oh, come on the world
Keep on the boat
Every single second that you are on stage
I feel like I've got good grades
You don't find little ladies
The way our hearts make up
We throw the thrilling hearts and the thoughts of the mission
And not wait till you're done
You're in a foundation
Oh, come on the world
Keep on the boat
You're trying to be everybody's good
Tell you what they told them who come now
They try to fall
Everyone knows
They try to stop
The world of shows
Oh, come on the world
Keep on the boat
Never let the singles go
If you ask them you're even worse than William Hall
719 and 560 WQA
And 38 million people voted on American Idol last week
Court of Labor, a Discverbal Factor
38 million he has pissed off and fired up
And who can blame him
And nobody said something like that
He said 30, I'm looking at him again
Chuck and West Palm Beach
He's nauseated
Hey Chuck, it'll make you feel better
38 people just voted a million times a piece
There's only 38 people
38 million bozos
American Idol, I've never seen one second of it
I've never seen dancing with the stars
I've never seen that
Yeah, well you don't know what you're missing
That's for sure, I'm so out of touch and out of the loop
Out of the loop the loop
977 boats on the pole
So we get to 1,000 oh easy this star
Chris can just sit back and keep shoveling free food on his face
Now is that compensate for the fact that you're making almost no money there?
And they treat you like some kind of a subhuman, a duty bag
He makes the most of it
Okay, free food
Does that compensate for it?
He said no
Well why don't you give me an answer? Don't be given him like hand signals
And you know I said okay
That means hell no
He looked at that paychecks, now what do you get? You get a stub?
Yeah, I got one of those
Yeah, correct
You get a stub on Friday to show you direct deposit
He looked at that thing and he just shook his head
And like oh, woe is me, woe is me
Oh, I got paid and I haven't gotten my check stuff yet
But I guess I got the important part of it
What do you mean by that?
Well normally they put in our box here or mailbox but I didn't get it so
When I'll tell me there's going to be a problem
I'll screw up with payday this week
It goes in there, I already got paid, I just haven't gotten the stuff yet
That will be really bad clearance because he was in there this morning
Making sounds with his mouth about oh, uh, payday or what was it?
He doesn't pass the stub's out until actual payday
But the direct deposit goes in five days early
I see, some of you get the stub tomorrow?
Correct
I see, well it's something to look forward to getting the stub
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
But before we start with any calls or any other kind of nonsense
Let's get to the important stuff
And let me say it again, the way that we were told to handle that yesterday
Was so unacceptable and so typical clearance and QA management
Just idiotic, you know? I mean, Barry Jackass wrote the column on Saturday in the Herald
About the QAim Dolphin deal, okay?
He wrote it Saturday
Everybody, and I mean everybody, even dogs knew it that the dolphins were coming back to QAim
There was no secret
Wow listen, it's not completely, it hasn't been made official, it hasn't been announced yet
Like, we're trying to build up the big suspense for 230 and then I'm told I don't want to say George told me this morning or Chris
But I'm told that when Mad Dog came on yesterday to a clock he announced it right away as opposed to weighing till 230
So Chris told me
That's what Chris says, Chris is the one that starts all these ugly rumors
Yeah, that's always me
Now is that correct Chris? That was you said?
Well, George wouldn't have heard it anyway because he wouldn't have been listed
That's right, and if I had heard it, I'd say it was a billion
I've seen it with the Philippines
Chris, what did I do now?
I heard him say it, I don't know
He said what, he said about 301
He write it two o'clock, he came on and basically said yeah, now that we're the dolphins
Reunited or something
Reunited or something like that, yeah I feel so good
We un-nited and we think what about Mad Dog
That's across the street, that's you'll find Greg, he's re-nited
I can't say when he said it there was some panic going on around here but for what reason I don't know
There was some panic going on around there?
Yeah, there wasn't a lot of people who didn't say it when you know it's already been known
Who said that?
One of the other people who works hard and doesn't get paid enough?
Does that person have a name?
Yes, I don't know if George wouldn't say that name, no?
Oh, she, oh well in my case
We don't want to, we don't want to
I don't want to get a cue not to pick it on me if I were nicely easily with him, I don't know if we have any
We only have one she on this side of the building so that was very nice
What about Jen, isn't she on that side of the building?
Nope, she's not, she's on the other side
But she's also very nice, correct
Yeah, no we only have one here
What about Carolyn?
What about her?
No comment, she doesn't like it
Well if he's in queue, will you stop or you stop with all the sex and stuff you're going to get yourself
You're going to be another Maddie Bellman, you're going to come in and change your answer
I've been chased
Boy, can you imagine him chasing around some super-matterly Maddie Bell?
Oh my god
I think most of the women in there would rather be attacked by a healer monster than by Maddie Bell
That is a disgusting thought, wrinkled, shriveled up old toad
But I'm sure that's all water over the bridge
And of course you know what Greg Reed said about, you know, Hanky Spanky with members of the staff
The dolphins in 560 W.Q.A.M. on Monday announced this is from the Sun Sentinel, Steve Svekis
I guess he must be the replacement for that fat old toad Jim Maserni
So they got a fat young toad named Steve Svekis
They got a picture of him here
I got news for him, I'm working on a newspaper
See, the thing with newspapers, it's almost the same as radio
You don't have to look good
In fact the best thing is don't put any picture in there at all
I gym to feed us, you know
But Steve Svekis, have you seen this picture?
Are you talking to me?
Yeah, why would I, I don't read the newspaper?
Don't get my picture
You have to sit in such a milletin
I don't even wait for a plane to take that stinky, inky bag
The scum Sentinel wouldn't touch it with any part of it
Steve Svekis must be a must-work real cheap and boy he's got a hell of an outfit
He makes me look like a snappy dresser
And he's got his hands in his pockets and got a big smile on his face
He's a young fat slob
As opposed to the old toad Jim Maserni
So he writes this
QA Amidolphin's announced they have partnered in a multi-year deal of laws
The radio station has exclusive broadcasting rights and often games
Through at least the 2009 season
All right
I didn't know that
So that's a seven, a, that's at least three seasons we got right?
A free ticket, I mean of the dolphins
QA will also carry the canned Cameron show in season
Another special dolphin programming year round
What's the canned Cameron show?
Chris
Chris
That would be the show that they talk to Cam Cameron before the game is like
Who's canned Cameron?
Cam Cameron's the coach
I thought we would always before
No even I knew that
Oh yeah, Mr. Outta Touch
I forgot they've had so many damn coaches last five years
They'll be knocking the dolphin organization now that's not a good idea
We just started it yesterday
I just don't know who that is the canned Cameron show what Kevin and him is at
It's the coaches show
Like Rob Roddy from the press is right
He's dead by the way he was gigantic in fat
And also gay
In season another special dolphin programming year round the football team sent an email statement
Jimmy Ciflow, a Ciflow, voice of the dolphins will handle the play about play the games as well as dolphin shows
What was it that Joel Feinberg said about Jimmy Ciflow?
That he belonged in a funeral parlor or cemetery something like that?
The full broadcast team will be announced at a later date
Terms of the year were not announced
So at a later date we'll announce whether it's going to be a mad dog's going to be on there
And a little dog and the big dog and whatever which dogs
Hey dog, the dolphins have spent the past two seasons with seven-night of the ticket wax the AM right Steve
Under the terms of yesterday's agreement WQA has expected to build an extensive statewide radio network that blows dolphin fans throughout the state fill us into games
WQA will also build bringing the strength of the Beasley Broadcast group to the partnership by carrying special dolphins programming and promotions on sister stations power 96 and kiss country 99.9 FN
Kiss this
We're looking forward to this robust partnership with WQA and the station is the sports talk radio leader in the market
With long history of serving South Florida Brian Weedmeyer, president of the dolphins said in the release
Both of the dolphins in QA are committed to offering our fans the gold standard in game coverage as well as news and insights about the dolphins throughout the year
And a Joe Bell, jolly Joe Vice President of the Market Manager of QA and worth thrilled to have the dolphins back at QA 560 and where's my lunch?
Please for the humble
Right
We're just discussing that during the break
Why do we have to continue forcing?
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
We're just discussing that during the break
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
Now the Iman is out of work
