This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
Absolutely.
They're new like how the other guys are usually hiding from what they realize.
They walk their toes in an happily-sized, and yellow-touching.
Once I've been smart, the wolves can still their veer.
By talking about sports while drinking a beer, they desire a force to be a sub-issued queer.
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
Liquid was to hear sports all day.
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
The vantage ring here is a desolately gay.
Anyone who wants to hear it just sports will seek a day.
His dream is bound up like a rule.
Golden-shout is free!
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
They hop up the darkness, what a gay-made play.
That's somebody's kid with the furry cane.
He's talking about it all the time, and she went back and I'm afraid.
He's like yellow-touch's craft!
Shirting and burning out warning shows.
No interest in learnings out radio.
Justice causes party for abuse portal holes.
We like yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
Sport holds his seas, who all in hound.
Yellow-jock's craft!
Yellow-jock's craft!
They're on your mind to be in your mouth.
Sport!
Sport!
Sport!
Sport!
Sport!
Sport!
Sport all day!
Thank you, Sam!
Sport all day!
Thank you, Sam!
Sport all day!
Thank you, Sam!
I wanted a one thing, where was Minesha's skull like this morning?
I missed that.
I did hear quite a bit about fantasy football.
You know what the code is for that?
I have no life.
Right.
If you want to look it up on the wicked web, just look up...
I have no life.
And you'll see fantasy baseball and fantasy football and fantasy life.
I have no life.
Right.
Anyway, how come I said 18 stories?
You see, when you have an outlook expressed, which George had talked to me
to do that a long time ago.
Yeah.
To send me a bedtime stories.
Number one, it works really fast and great.
And number two, you can go back and you can click on sent.
You can see all the stuff that's right there.
And so, just before we came on here, I counted them up because I thought,
I don't understand it.
It only looks like a handful of stories like I screwed off yesterday, just because I went to
a wood vine twice.
And there's only eight stories on there.
Eric and Josh.
And they're busy blaming each other.
Well, I didn't have a computer and well, he never told me.
I wasn't going to talk about that.
And I promised you I wasn't going to mention it on here.
No.
I didn't promise, but I said I wouldn't.
But then when I counted and I saw that, you know, I sent this and they did that and
I'd be put a boop and a mop.
And nobody reads it anyway, so what am I going to say to the mop?
We have got a lineup for you today that will make you get on your hands and knees and just
heave all over the porcelain bus right now.
Maybe you've just done the regular bus.
Do you ever heave on a bus?
No.
How about I have to wind looking forward to it, though?
I bet you've got on one of the little jitney buses in date counting.
They leave all over the place.
In fact, what you might do is like say, oh, let me off here and run off of it real fast.
Anyway, nag dogs back today.
That's some good news.
You've got like a real broadcaster round here between two and four and then that's the end of that.
Oh, four o'clock.
It's the power hour with mad dog and...
Characagaki.
Wow.
What was it?
Characagaki.
Oh, thank you.
That's quite a power hour.
Well, we took some of the power out there, we kind of drained it.
I guess the Humphors are invocation this week.
And then we got to Joe Zagaki and Dodd-Bailey, Jr., between five and seven.
They could like go on and on about the orange bull.
Oh, geez.
What are we going to do?
The orange bull should have been demolished years ago.
You notice on Tuesday we had that breathless thing that they forced.
They chained Ken Walden to a chair and they forced him to avoid that.
Breathless rejoin.
After we had a story on like two and a half hours before, you know.
You can't have it on too much.
That's for sure.
So anyway, Joe Zagaki and Dodd-Bailey, Jr., will be on between five and seven because the Humphors are away.
And when the Humphors are away, they may believe people play.
Dolphins all asses between seven and seven thirty-five, thankfully a short addition to that.
And then you got your Marlon pregame show at seven thirty-five.
The Marlon is at St. Louis to see if they can lose their ninth in a row at eight ten to nine followed by game night with Eddie K after the ballgame.
What a lineup.
Wow.
We are kicking big, serious, pimpley, smelly ass baby.
Correct them.
Let me tell you right now our own.
It's official, by the way.
The dolphins, the Marlins, whoever they are, the fish.
The Marlins will not be back on QMX season because how do I know it's official very jackass wrote it this morning.
He says the Marlins are close to finalizing an agreement to move their games from WBQA M560 to 70 to the ticket beginning next season in the street official said,
Good, let them lose some more money.
They lost a fortune two years in a row at the dolphins, let them lose their ass on the Marlins like we do.
Their free season.
Lose our ass.
That's why there's no billboards.
That's why there's no TV spots or newspaper ads or any other promotion.
Well, we lose so much on the Marlins.
The Marlins suck.
And nobody cares about the Marlins.
And even fewer people care about the Panthers.
Although thanks to the beast for sending me that email about Brian Began.
And I didn't write any commentary on that thing.
Somebody writes a comment on Brian Began's second column.
He retracted the first one and the pond being exposed because he's got no balls.
He's finalist.
You're a coward Brian.
You're a coward.
And anyway, so in the comments that they, you know, how you can write comments to different articles, etc.
So somebody writes a comment and they posted twice.
William Cohen was probably the beast.
William Cohen wrote a comment and it's on there.
Let's see.
One, two, three, four times.
And anyway, Neil Rogers.
At least I can spell my name right.
Okay, it's RODGRS.
So maybe it's some guy named Neil Rogers with a D, but I don't.
Anyway, when the dolphins awarded rights to WQM in April, right, spirit, jackass,
they asked the station not to renew its Marlins contract.
So it could carry a dolphin show with 7p and weeknights instead.
To guarantee that anybody who's not a dolphin in the fanatic will not be listening to QM
with 7 o'clock weeknights.
Our nighttime numbers, you could put them in a toilet bowl and have room for 400 tidie bowl men left over.
WQM has been the Marlins rights holder since the teams in Section 93,
clear channel communications which owns WYOD and WYNZ, also spoke to the Marlins before talks intensified
with the ticket in recent weeks.
Yeah, well, more power to you across the street.
You can have them and the Panthers and of course the dolphins don't care about your business, Joel.
They don't care about you and either Jason Taylor who happens to play for the dolphins.
They don't care.
M-m-m-m-m-m.
Here's the poll that George took yesterday.
He had a thousand 18 votes but not during the show.
We're not going to do no thousand today either.
Oh well, we have five 61.
This is five 61 WQM.
Now the stations, I don't know, because now that you've got...
It's not like he used to be.
Nobody turns the value anymore.
Everybody's got preset buttons on their car radio.
I mean, once upon a time you'd actually turn the dial.
Does anybody do that anymore?
Like, yeah, it's different.
It's like a digital thing.
It only turns so far but it makes it, you know, move left and right.
Does it?
Sheriff's.
There are dials.
Which of these calamities do you fear the most?
George has yesterday, thousand 18 votes.
By the way, I'll be making a guest appearance at 10 tomorrow.
Those are the ratings come out.
We have another trend tomorrow and then we'll see who's being naughty and nice.
We'll see if our audience is coming through for us and, you know, greasing up a lot of dials out there
or whether they're like, uh, whatever.
And of course, all the people in our building care about is across the street, the ticket.
That's all I care about.
This fourth channel.
We know, I'm not sure we don't care.
Because first of all, they don't compete at all and never have a midday.
That's number one.
And number two, that's not our competition anyway.
Our competition is rush, which we crushed in a book, by the way.
Anybody point that out that we crushed their ass over at IOD?
I don't recall.
Well, I did.
And the scare America, which they don't think they're barely making a blip on the Richter scale anymore.
Which of these calamities do you fear the most?
Another stolen election.
That's when I voted and come to find out so to most everybody else.
388, 38% plus fear another stolen election.
That would be the third presidential election in a row.
Stolen by the Neocons.
They put the con in Neocon.
Hurricane 180.
Beware those canes.
And you want to know why people fear the hurricanes?
The hurricane.
F***ing blow!
What is correct?
Stock market crashed in 99.
Terrorist strike 74.
A pandemic like bird flu is 73.
How long have they been warned us about that bird flu?
100 years.
Good.
Gowning this mall.
I don't think you'll chop up your parakeet and have it for dinner.
Or a cockatoo.
Or your parrot.
What other kind of bird?
Or a maca.
Maca is a kind of neat bird.
Yeah, they are.
Let's go to the parrot jungle.
Was it still there?
They moved it.
Yeah.
It's on what?
Jungle Island.
Oh, if I got a line for that but I better not say it.
A real estate market crashed 69.
Oh, I see.
A real estate market is opposed to the stock market.
69.
That's already happening, isn't it?
Yes.
Oil crisis 63.
Armageddon 54 and race ride 18.
Speaking of Armageddon, CNN is doing a three-part series on
Giskies and religion.
I watched about four minutes of the one on the Jews on Monday and about two minutes of
the ones on the Arabs, the Muslims last night.
And then I guess tonight will be the goyam.
I mean, the Christians.
As if there's some kind of a revelation going on there you should part in the expression.
It's all a bunch of man-invented cockat, baby.
It's a bunch of crap.
Stop wasting your time with garbage.
You're not going to heaven.
You're not going to hell.
You're not going to purgatory.
You might go to, you know, you might go to shul and have some stale homeontage.
But that's about it.
So anyway, the beast sends me this email.
Oh, before we get to the beast because I got the Brian Begane comms, which will be the end of the show today
because the audience doesn't care about the Panthers or about who's calling the games.
Why would you care about who's calling the games when you don't care about the team?
Right?
Isn't that a good point, George?
Yes.
And this is from the Miami Pom Tree person who still doesn't have the evolves to come up with even a phony name or identity.
Just the pom tree, who occasionally sends things that are marginally interesting.
It says, hey, Neil, first of all, great show on Tuesday.
And here comes the caper again, like they got a call to not Tuesday.
Oh, gee, Neil, you know, if you only want to work two days a week, you have to do whatever is best for you.
Remember that guy?
Of course.
What an idiot.
What a moron.
And this is very much along the same lines.
I still wish you would do the show from your house down here sometimes.
I know not happening, but it's nice hearing the calls again.
I wish you would do the show from your house down here sometimes.
Why?
Yeah, I was going to say that.
So he can stalk you.
Oh, seriously.
Well, what's the point?
So I can be miserable like he is.
I mean, I don't get it.
Would it sound any different if I was in my house?
In fact, you know something?
Yeah.
Maybe I have a studio in my house in Plantation.
Maybe I'm doing the show from there right now.
It would sound different.
You'd be more bitter and hostile.
I think it would be easier.
Hey, yeah.
Hey, yeah.
It says don't know if this is true, but rumors are the chief channel are taking Bob and Tom off here.
And West Palm Beach at the end of this year replaced by Paul and Ron, more syndication and mediocrity.
Also a full suggestion, although I won't be voting for it, he says, after living in South Florida, I become broke.
Seems to be the main complaint about living down here.
The price of everything is shot up so much in the past few years.
But you really ought to be doing your show from the house, Neil.
Sometimes you ought to be doing your show from the house.
So you could be here with us miserable and hating life.
And the banana republic, baby, only in Miami.
Barbie's gone from Malibu to Manchuria.
That's right.
Mattel has combined the best of East and West with the all new Lead Boys in Barbie.
Lead Boys in Barbie.
Barbie packs an attitude with a toxic punch.
Look at Barbie, go to the hospital, in her new dream Corvette with Chinese tires.
Watch out, Barbie.
But wait, before Barbie gets there, she needs to brush her teeth with her special Chinese toothpaste.
The same kind that keeps her dream Corvette's radiator running cool.
Because there's nothing cooler than Barbie.
Lead Boys in Barbie.
Push on her protruding belly button and hear Barbie sing the hip toxic.
That's the thing, baby, you put the dogs in Barbie.
Then you'll have a few final hours of fun playing with Barbie in her Manchurian Dreamhouse.
Lead Boys in Barbie.
Lead Boys in Barbie.
dialysis machine and drain it in so separately.
A little bit PB Max.
And by the way, bow, it's so great having you back this morning bow.
Is he on helium or something? What is his story with Kenny, whatever his name is?
I don't know.
He's got to be on helium.
Nice to share.
Anyway, here's the facts that's even more ridiculous than anything I read already this morning.
Uncle Neil and George, you have to play the clip of the guy as if we had-
Pull it right out of your ear.
Yeah, pull it right out of your butt.
Back down.
You have to play the clip of the guy from the NAACP speaking about Michael Vick.
Pay close attention to the part where he says everyone loves Mike Vick.
I guarantee you'll fall off your chair.
Well, I won't fall off the chair because I'm not going to read it because I don't have it or play it or whatever.
I do have the article about that though, which I'll eventually get to.
Oh, you're not going to read some stuff for you.
Well, it's the day I got a little bit of stuff because ordinarily I would be taking calls as of Tuesday.
We started with a call.
Again, it wasn't too bad on Tuesday, but we don't have any today.
I don't see a thing.
And you want to know why because we're not talking about fanity football.
That's why we can see football.
Let's start a little draft right here.
No, we're not.
I have no law.
Oh, my God.
Oh, before we get started, here's the pull for today, which we aren't going to make.
What do we do yesterday?
900. We didn't get there.
Do 850.
Well, that's weak.
After living in South Florida, I've become blank.
578 votes.
Disenchanted. I can't wait to leave.
156. So, disenchanted.
Angrier, 93.
A bigot, 88.
I wonder who they're bigot it again.
An alcoholic 65.
Extatic 48.
Bilingual 30.
BOT 3rd, man.
Unemployed 29.
Gay 25.
South Florida will definitely do it to you.
Look what happened to me.
Suicideal 23 and a drug addict 21 out of 580 votes.
There's a call.
Now we're cooking WQA in hell.
He was maligned.
They didn't see his praises.
They didn't put him on the front page.
The page is accused.
Didn't want to talk to him.
Yeah.
Well, you can do it well until you've chopped it off.
Was that the guy from the NAACP?
I think this.
Are you hurting?
We believe so.
Then why the hell did the guy quit playing that?
I let it go. I was going to let it go all the way.
We wanted to fall off our chair and hear the ass in.
He just cramped out.
He got scared.
He scared away. QIN, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Great area.
Yeah.
Hey, uh, give me the Wayne Arnold update.
I'm getting a race construction on it.
We're going to have this newly-burden slide on down, baby.
Woo!
Oh, right.
Well, that's good news. We're glad to hear that Wayne is still alive.
Anyway, so the beast that leads me to this email,
says Brian Began wrote a blog,
ripping the Panthers for hiring Red Deer Randy Mueller
is played by a playman.
What an active insanity.
Lunacy.
Another slap in the face to what we used to call broadcasting,
which is now ancient history.
It's just dumb-jockcasting as what it is,
like Jimmy Cifilis, for example, on our station.
It was one thing that we got to dolphins.
Of course, they get to pick and choose, you know,
and I'd best be not going to Jimmy Cifilis.
She's played by a play broadcaster.
Look, I'm going to be doing open heart surgery
at 12.30 this afternoon in the middle of the show.
Anyway, so it says,
I left it in the box that I said at Georgia Studio to be
a Cifilis, which I have now. Thank you.
Then hours later, Began changes the blog,
saying calls to and from people involved
into the system brought some clarity to the subject
in a few hours since my last report.
What a joke.
So this guy riffs the putty cats and they get upset,
probably threatened to pull his press pass,
and he changes his blog while writes the beast.
Wow, as if anybody cares, but wow,
that's a good point.
And so I have the before and the after,
which I'm not going to waste my time reading it.
But on second thought,
give more of a chance.
The ball is Brian Began writes in the palm
beats post in his blog after originally writing,
more decision, another dumb panther move.
That was the original headline,
and he said it like it was,
and that he's totally unqualified to do play by play,
and just ripped him an ass,
and then he writes on second thought,
give more of a chance.
In the first column, he writes a radio prose
like Pittsburgh's Mike Lang and the Rangers Kenny Albert,
I beloved by their friends for their craft,
and consumed an important part of their team's identity.
More who has no play by play,
training or experience can be expected
to butcher names and numbers at a return.
The game is simply too fast for a
meeting potatoes analysts to follow correctly.
Somebody totally inexperienced like Jimmy Cifalus,
and like Randy Moller.
So now he writes,
on second thought, give more of a chance.
Brian Began, I'm going to tell you something.
It's really embarrassing to me,
and of course the panther organization's always been the worst.
Rumor used to tell me all the time.
How they would like to give them
really laid-on the law,
and they don't know anything negative about the team
or the organization,
because otherwise you're fired at it.
They are like that, you know.
So you have to show for the organization.
Isn't that great?
And that's what Brian Began is doing in the Palm Beach Post.
No wonder nobody reads that rag.
Okay, what a piece of third Brian Began.
You have no balls.
You have no scruples.
You're just a cop-out, a sell-out, a turd.
You're a turd on two legs, Brian.
And who the hell are you anyway?
Well, let's get him on the morning show of Brian Began
from the Palm Beach Post.
He's his sports writer.
WDQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
But the two things, you know, they have to be sure
it's an organization, because they're in day
with each other.
But the dolphins are the same thing.
I mean, Manj is not going to rip the dolphins.
I mean, they're not going to do that.
Well, isn't it interesting how across the street now
that they lost the dolphins?
Not they're ripping them an ass.
The Panther Games in them is going to have a 0.001.
That is correct.
I mean, it's a what's the difference?
Again, three people living here.
Yeah.
Anyway, I wanted to mention to you that I was reading
Sean Hannity's blog, who's the biggest...
Why?
It would be the worst guy in the world.
So why were you reading his blog?
What was the point? Are you a masochist?
I just... I've got...
I've no... I have no life.
No, no. I've got to run myself.
It is the one that would be reading his column.
What's wrong with you? Get out of here. Get lost.
I'll just talk to him about people like that the other day.
I don't get it.
It's like the people at Bitchin' Mone about Rush,
and he's this and he's in, I would say,
well, what do you listen to it for?
Well, I want to hear what the other side has to say.
Well, I don't know.
Oh, yeah, right.
Well, the step of my self to the leg with a knife the other day
and I was just realizing how he heard.
Like in the tale that Mr. Ripley,
remember he was like slicing himself with a blade when he had that bath robot?
Cutting.
Marge.
Marge.
Tom loves you, Marge.
WDQI and Hello.
Hey, Neil.
And I like when she looked at Tom and said,
you're fair. Yes, sir.
They have really got to miss waiting through the urine at the orange pole.
Did it contain cave?
Yeah.
And the piss trough, that's going to be, uh, really, uh,
I'm going to miss that.
Go with the pro player.
You going to be there next year?
No.
Why not? You're a cave man.
No, I'm not.
Yeah, you're a cave man.
Let me sit again.
No, I'm not.
They should only lose every game they ever played.
They talk about an organization that stinks like a rotten fish.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
And that's why they've been in the Orange Bowl all these years when it should have
moved out years and years ago is because the Blue Nose outfit there that runs that hurricane
operation, they're much of Blue Nose A-holes is what they are.
Nobody knows better than I do, having done those baseball games all those years.
Oh, well, you know, on him associated with our organization, we don't like it.
Up, up yours, okay?
Take your orange bowl, take your canes, and take the whole crew up bank.
And take down a chalately, too, by the way.
What a guy.
Take her ass.
And stick him where the moon don't shine.
Boy, you're sure you're bitter with that sports craft, aren't you?
Since you are the Canes and Dolphins station.
That's all they care about.
They don't care about us.
When is Joe Roaster, already, by the way?
We have got to...
Can't they do something, I mean, between now and the September 3rd, like a...
a transmitter maintenance or something?
You're asking me?
Come with it, nephew, a gigantic improvement to idiot.
The U.
Yeah.
Seven step drop.
Oh my god, I'm gonna drop dead.
I have no life.
Jesus.
Can't believe what I just saw that warm, long doom.
Boy!
Reach stuff and grab my husband's junk.
Oh my god.
I'm crying.
She's lucky I didn't jump right off the stage.
And then take her out with just one punch.
Cause you know you shouldn't squeeze.
You better let them be.
Keep your hands on the family, choose.
It's really kind of true.
To crack his back and try to run at me.
Oh my god.
You shouldn't gather none. Lady would better learn his things below to me.
Are you sure?
You know you shouldn't squeeze.
Don't squeeze.
And all depends on where you're sitting. I guess what are you going to squeeze or not?
10.30 to 5.60 WDQM Happy Thursday to you.
Today being Thursday that means we got that new and the restaurant special today.
Yep. And it's JB's Bluewater Grill in Dear Field Beach.
We'll get to that in the next break as a matter of fact.
Seven step drop. It's just the thing that really gets me is that
there are people on the air on these so-called sports stations who really believe
I said this on Tuesday and I'll say it again eight million times that they really believe they belong on the air.
Just like Red Deer Randy, I'm sure believes that he's a play by play blogcaster.
Just like Winnie Martez believes he belongs on the air.
Just like certain other people believe, you know what I'm saying?
No, of course all these sports writers now because our programming department is convincing them
that they're broadcasters too. They can make sounds with their mouth and talk about sports
and ball games and jogs traps, therefore they belong on the air.
You know what we have to do is play that thing all day long.
All four hours. Yeah, let me try to talk you out of it.
All right now. WDQ Ryan, hello.
Hey Neil, what's up man?
Yes sir. Hey Neil, my hair.
You're so the best man. You enjoy that. You're the kids after the other people.
Hey Neil, look what's up with radio man.
He's just so make. I win them in Dayton Jackson, Ozen McDuffey.
Come on man. The two football players have just a getty and Jimmy Suffolow.
Come on. We're going on radio man. Radio front.
Everybody likes fake things baby.
Yeah, right.
Now a few people could just articulate like him and you be broadcasters.
We'd have something if we could get some more calls like that.
That would be good. WQ Ryan, hello.
I got to follow that.
Yes. Well, I'll be special.
I'm going to win him our heads on crack or something.
That was terrible.
This this dolphin haul access show that you guys run that's basically what it's
often been commercial. Yes.
Is that something that your station has to run because you have the right to the game?
That is absolutely correct sir. It's an average.
I don't know if you've heard Barry G tell but he is just horrible.
I don't know where they found him but I'm asking this question seriously.
When you this is like people asking me well when you were off on Wednesday.
Did you hear what George said as if I'm sitting in here listening to the radio?
No, you're right here. I'm sure you don't listen to that.
Spirigport on BoCamper a couple days ago around six o'clock.
He was on the Zorlando and someone called up and really ripped him and asked him.
It was great. They were calling him in the end or so.
They basically nailed it perfectly.
Good. Could you give that up?
Well deserved. Well deserved.
In closing deal.
Oh my. Oh my.
How come Chris is an answering line nine? Is there any special reason?
Yeah because he's always a chronic stalker.
So is him. Yeah.
Q and A.
See there's nobody on there. What are you afraid of? Quit being such a worst.
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound.
We're back to the cause in case you missed the show on Tuesday.
Those of you who are like turned off by all those bedtime stories.
All the way. Do have a couple.
Well you know I'm always got to have a couple.
Especially the one about Michael Vick makes me sick.
And then this this air into whether it's OJ Simpson no matter what it is.
Every time a black person commits a heinous, grotesque and excusable, unacceptable crime in America.
There are certain black so-called leaders who come forward and make into a racial thing.
Now when John Wayne Gacy killed all of those people in Chicago,
were there any gay leaders that came out to.
Well you know he was misunderstood. He had a tough life. No.
When what's his name? Jeffrey Downer was chopping up all those kids in a refrigerator and stuff like that.
And he brought them forward. When Ted Bundy was murdering all of those girls,
did anybody a step up for him? No.
Any white leaders say well you know he's been discriminated against because he thought his grandma
with his mother or whatever the hell his upbringing was.
No nobody says things like that. And you want to know why because they're just downright stupid is why.
Stupid. Like Michael Vick. Stupid.
The head of the Atlanta chapter at the end of LACP said yesterday that Atlanta felt
that he was talking to quarterback Michael Vick has made mistakes but they should not cost him his football career with the NFL.
Vick has expected to plead guilty money to federal conspiracy charges and illegal dog fighting operation.
RL White. What an interesting name. RL White.
President of the Atlanta chapter at the end of LACP said his organization doesn't condone dog fighting
with any other legal activity but he told reporters that Vick should be given a chance to redeem himself.
In some instances I believe Michael Vick has received more negative press than he if he would have killed a human being white said
the way he's being persecuted and he wouldn't have been persecuted that much had he killed somebody.
Right. White said he believes Vick will cut a deal rather than rule the dice on a trial and take a chance and be found guilty.
But whatever he's done wrong, he needs to pay for it.
What also said he didn't understand how the upper over dog fighting when deer hunting and other animals is perfectly acceptable.
He urged the NFL the Atlanta Falcons and Vick's commercial sponsors not to dump the trouble atleast.
When it doubt don't dump his ass out.
We feel that whatever the court's demand is a punishment for what he's done once he's paid his debt to society then he should be treated like any other person in the NFL white said.
Like you know like Ray Lewis for example.
Falcons owner Arthur Blank and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said they won't make a decision on Vick's future immediately all depending on public pressure of course.
Activision Diamond Lice must get out of the quarterback not to report the training camp until the league completed its review of the case.
The NFL is considering what if any sanctions that should impose on Vick.
When he appears Monday and federal court enrichment the details of his P agreement will be made public.
The judge in the case will have final say over the P agreement.
He's going to the slammer and I hope they have a real good time with his ass on the inside literally and figuratively.
I hope they really do a good number on him.
So that when he comes out it won't be a question whether he's going to play football just where they bury his ass.
Black, white, purple whatever color it is ain't got nothing to do with nothing.
The end of a LAC P My Ass it's like Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson all these other phony baloney all these grandstanders all these opportunists all these divisive idiots everything's a racial fang in America everything is a racial fang.
And I got news for you once you're dead whether it's a human or a dog once you dead once you've been butchered it doesn't make any difference whether the person who's done it was black or white or yellow or one of these things okay because that's just the way it works.
Okay professor calm down all right just calm down better late than never that's what I would say.
Be sure and send those things out otherwise you got it today.
Professor he's going to miss up your other leg is what he promised me if he didn't send those certificates out wouldn't be hard to do.
WQAM hello.
Uncle Neil yes.
If you want to feel better you got to go check out Eddie from a time and soon from the commercials man that guy's a man and if you're in the simple poppin go to ebombs world type and system.
Yeah okay great five six seven oh five sixty pound five six you know you see I'm not why you're afraid of line nine it's always a winner QAM.
See what I'm saying and it's easy to press that button to.
615 votes on the pool what are we shooting for today 900 again you think yeah why not let's go for it pretty sad commentary that we can't get even close to a thousand anymore on these pools.
You think that's because it's the 23rd of August or we'll find out tomorrow morning I guess at 10 o'clock when that trend comes out won't we?
We'll find something out if we have any remnants let's have a remnant sale as in the remnants of the audience nice call by the way
fat ass jolly jobell since you've come to town man we are really doing it I don't want to say what we're doing because
Joyce will dump it but we are really doing it and the way with you with the home man with you a stir in the ship and with
clearance of course is the human anchor.
One thing to be a news anchor I think clearance is the human anchor in fact he's like the human canker if he asked me he's like a
canker saranar as clearance and you know who invented him the Humper invented.
He invented him just like Stu gots he invented him too he also invented Joseph
another one of his boyfriend that's on here because the Humper I am shouldn't like the Humper
when he's out of time vacation this week.
Get baby we're back at least for now in the remaining moments of the Kenny and Buzz show.
Sports columnist Alex Marvaz is with us again today.
Marvaz Marvaz.
Thanks for joining us again Alex.
Mmm hmm hmm.
Oh it's a pleasure.
Hi daddy.
Hi mom.
Say you weren't a plushly appointed five sixty men's room weren't you?
Yes why?
You've got the sports section on your shoe.
Oh here let me get that off for you.
Oh thank you.
Got it.
You've got some very smooth and firm legs you know.
How?
What a nice massage.
Like that.
Mmm hmm.
Say something sports related.
Um dolphins.
That's it you said something sports.
Mmm hmm.
Marvaz Marvaz.
Mmm hmm.
Sports.
Mmm hmm.
Sports.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
It's more.
Yeah.
Want to join in bow?
Uh not today man.
I'll sit this one out.
How come?
My breath smells like pulp and ew.
Alex baby.
You're my last mother.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
It's so jaw-shaw.
Don't you think they were getting a little out of hand here?
Oh I like it.
It's sports related.
And that's what the backwind billionaire's long.
Mmm hmm.
Mmm hmm.
It's sports.
The backwind billionaire is alright.
Wow 1046 14 before 11 at 5.
69 WQAM.
The backwood billionaires.
Don't you love it?
I do.
In fact I can just see their own TV show right now.
See that little kid with a banjo up in the tree.
Strong and long.
634 votes on the pool.
I'm not going to read the result though.
So the professors all whipped up now and finally, finally, better late than never since
a response about Michael Vick.
He says some black lady called in on one of the shows on 790.
Of course, saying they're only attacking Vick because he's black and if it was Peyton
Manning he'd be all scot-free and yoddy-oddy-oddy.
And the host didn't even say Schmidt to her and her ridiculous statements in blatant racism.
Imagine that a black racist.
To me he's saying that any white could get away with anything is totally racist and not
to mention she's wrong if it was Peyton Manning would all be just as pissed and even prosecuted
just the same.
The only difference might be that it's a little harder to believe because he doesn't flip
off his own fans and have such a prolific family erected with the law.
Regardless if there was so much evidence and was obviously true and his heinous is what
Michael Vick did, we'd all hate him just the same and call for the same punishment that
we do for Vick.
So stopping racist you black people, it's not fair, right?
It's the professor.
I guess if you're black you can be racist, you can afford the luxury of that but if you're
right you can be.
Sure because you all started it.
That's right.
Like that, Dr. Reaction to OJ, remember that?
They showed the people in the bar, the white people in all bent out of shape and screaming
and all my garlic and then they showed some place where there was a bunch of dark folks
like, oh right, we did it one for us, one for us, you know like that.
That's because, of course you, right?
Generally act like A-holes together whether they're white or they're black or they're
purple or just like this thing on CNN with the religious groups, you know.
This is what's been going on since the beginning.
I mean, what would you rather be?
Cornhole, I mean, pigeonhole or, you know, just the very sand.
So the NAACP guy in Atlanta says, Michael Vick ought to go back to the NFL.
He ought to go to hell is where he ought to go, okay?
And all of a sudden bring it up to some other stuff like about deer hunting and other crap
like that.
What the hell is that got to do with dogs?
What has it got to do with anything or with what he did?
Right.
Even Rudolph the Red Nosed Rain deer.
Now if he would have killed him we'd have been pretty peeled.
See, I hate Peyton Manning already and he didn't kill any dogs that we know of.
Sandy Peyton Manning, who he is.
One of those.
5670560, pound 56 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Now how your phone's been?
Horrible.
Yesterday was atrocious.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to talk to you to compare Michael Vick to serial killers.
I don't agree with that.
Just hear me out real quick.
I wasn't comparing him to serial killers.
I was comparing their reactant to somebody who commits grotesque crimes.
That's what I was saying if you could understand that.
Okay, yeah, hold on.
Now let me just face something real quick here.
No.
Have you ever gotten one of those dogs?
Have I ever what?
Been around one of those dogs.
A pit bull.
Yeah.
Okay.
I have a friend that's got one chain in his backyard.
Okay.
You can't approach the dog.
It will bite anybody and everybody.
The only person it won't bite is him.
Yeah.
Them dogs are dogs.
What does that have to do with Michael Vick?
What it is is really, them dogs are vicious.
That's what their bread for is fighting.
And really, I mean, if you want to get rid of the fighting and outlawed, you really need
to outlaw the dog.
The dogs need to go.
So it wasn't the dogs that he killed that he put to sleep and the brutal stuff that
he did.
It wasn't their fault.
It wasn't his fault.
It was the dogs fault.
But what bothers me about the ways they killed the dogs, you know, now when the dogs fight,
if a dog loses, shoot the dog.
You can't tell me how the black guys ain't got a bunch of guns to shoot the dog.
Why electrocute it?
And from what I understand, the right things that they're talking about.
Yeah, what's a bunch of black guys without a bunch of guns, right?
It's true, it's all right.
So let me ask you a question.
Have you ever heard this expression, dumber than a box of rocks?
Have you ever heard that?
That's what them dogs are.
No, that's what you are.
Thank you.
56670560, go look in the mirror, sir.
Go look in the mirror.
Dumber than a box of rocks, which is one of Mad Dogs favorite expressions that I love
it.
Because that describes you to a T as dumb as a ounce of sawdust.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
It wasn't Michael Vicks fault, it's the dogs fault.
And I got news for it who was Joe Jones down the street who wasn't a football player or
some kind of a high paid celebrity or a jock.
And he did it and it was on somewhere in the newspaper, which of course wouldn't be a
major story then.
And there wouldn't be anybody, there wouldn't be anybody anywhere from the NAACP or any
other place.
They say, oh gee, he's being getting a bad rap and they're really coming down to hard
on him and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And it's a racial thing.
I am sick and tired of people not taking responsibility for their own behavior, okay?
It's not a racial thing, it's a subhuman thing.
And when somebody like him has got a chance to make, is not got a chance but is making millions
and millions of dollars and comes up with some cockamame crazy ass idea like this.
Then whatever the hell they should give them 20 years.
What about the QAM?
I know this is really important.
The other thing about Michael Vick is so convoluted now.
And really it was what he did, the crime he committed and everything like that.
The focus is now changing to the dogs, being responsible to Vic.
You know, because the drug is just called up so that's where the focus is changing.
I don't think so.
I think he's going to the swan.
Your focus is fantastic because you're right on.
The guy from the decline, he's got to pay the price.
The point is that me and you did it, we have to pay the price because Vic has said the celebrity.
He's not going to have to do anything other than that.
The fact that Ray Lewis is playing the national football, that says it all right there, okay?
The NFL, I don't care about Roger Gidele or anybody else, the fact is that professional
jobs, if you can play a sport and you can make money for a professional franchise, they
don't give a crap.
How many people you killed, what the hell you did?
And the fact that we got so many OJ apologists who were running around on the loose, that
should prove it right there, including in our own building.
I was funny because I was thinking about that over the weekend, about the OJ golf tournament
for the first time in a long time that crossed my mind.
What turned into the OJ golf tournament?
Remember that the center one golf tournament?
Sure.
Oh, well we flew in OJ at our expense.
This is a station that can't afford to promote or do anything constructive, but in the meantime,
the same company went out and paid money to fly in a double murderer so that he could
be at a golf tournament where he wasn't supposed to be Ray Lewis promised he wouldn't be there
and then they tried to get put him on the air.
OJ is here, can we put him on the air?
OJ, the juice is here, let's put him on.
This mentality is so pathetic and so stupid, I shouldn't waste any time with it.
You're dealing with morons.
The same kind of people who spend all day with their fantasy football leagues.
You know what I mean?
Rock solid.
Yeah, including him.
Get a life, sweetheart.
I have no life.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I have a book to ball for him.
Okay, good.
Have a good time doing it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, I'm Daniel Hows it going?
Okay, sir.
Do me a favor, please.
Go forever and solve the box of rocks again.
Yeah.
With that last guy.
But, you know, Michael Bigg, he's going to jail for what he did with the dogs, but the
real, real weight of his crime is the Rico Charges at the Feds got out of him.
He better go to jail regardless.
And if there was just a dog, he would have fought it, but he, you know, he heard about
those Rico Charges with the gambling and, you know, money costs the state life and that's
why I'm going to put the fear of life in him.
And that's why he's going to bite him out.
Yeah, exactly.
Take care, buddy.
Okay.
Put the fear of God in him, baby, because the Lord is going to smoke you, baby.
He's going to smite you and smite you and smite you and spate you is what he's going to do.
So many stupid people until a little time, you know what?
I would take right now about 30 cents.
But 30, man.
Not even 50 cents.
I take 30 cents for every stupid person on the face of the earth.
You know what?
I can only spend a penny.
I can own a plan that would be bigger than freaking Walmart.
It's not a shame, by the way, not that the Walmart customers are running out of money.
Yeah, shame.
They ain't got no more money so they can't buy all that cheap Chinese goods, you know.
What a shame.
WDQ, where am?
Hello.
Hey, Neil, you want to echo the sentiments of the last call on you, but that guy talking about
people being bad dogs.
They don't have to do with the owners, you know, if they're vicious because the owners are not the dogs.
I've made people that were sweet as, you know, pups.
Even if the guy was right about that, what does that have to do with having a gambling ring
and organize the dog fighting and then utilizing these dogs in a grotesque and horrendous and subhuman way?
What does it have to do with that?
Oh, I agree with you.
I agree with you.
I was just saying I laughed at you.
In other words, because they're vicious animals, so they had it coming.
Oh, no, no, no.
I agree with you.
It's wrong.
It's totally wrong.
That guy was so stupid that it makes me want to vomit.
I want to get on the floor and just puke all over my carpet.
Hey, another notice.
That is to finish up.
Say what?
He seemed like the best man if he didn't look like the leader of a little people from the list of Iron Man.
Well, he's a little pushin, baby.
He's been around the world.
Him and what's his name?
Who wrote that?
I don't know.
Golders Travel.
Who wrote it?
Come on.
I don't know.
Dickens.
No.
Chaucer.
No.
Chaucer.
I don't know.
Google it.
I forget.
A little, not sure about a little pushin's, a little people.
Of course.
There was that really great movie about the crazy guy that made those people like miniature.
What was that name of that?
The pumping people or whatever the hell I was.
You don't remember you ever saw that?
Old black and white.
No.
And he gave this machine mine.
It was a good machine.
And he reduced these people in size times like the little ATINY-10.
And the dogs in the cat's were chasing after him.
That's what they ought to do to Michael Vick.
He reduced him down to about two inches tall.
And then let the pit bull throw him into a pit with a bunch of pit bulls.
Jonathan Swift.
You really Swift it out.
Got a wee stupid emotion.
We really got to do that.
And what a hero about Swift anyway, Jonathan Swift.
And what's his favorite hero right for?
This is the Neo Roger show.
This is your blind.
Any questions?
No.
This is the last time I've got a hair.
This is the last time I've got a hair.
The new light pocket and the other guys are usually kindness.
From what they realize, they watch their bells in an happily exiled.
This is hero, Jon Snow.
What's life in sportful, since you live near?
By talking down sports, while drinking up the air, they desire it first.
Do you know what's the best way to go?
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
This is the first time I've got a hair.
They have a foot dog, this is what a game may play.
That's a bloody skin with the furry gangsters.
They talk about it all the time and you look back and I'm afraid.
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
You like yellow shots right?
Yellow shots right?
Yellow shots right?
Fort Holtz's knees.
Who all in out?
Yellow shots right?
Yellow shots right?
They're on your mind to be in your mouth.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Thank you, K.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Thank you, K.
Thank you, K.
Fort Holtz's knees.
Thank you, K.
So what time is Alex Marveth coming in?
Oh, Alex, it's so great to see you again, Alex.
Six hundred fifty-five oats on the pool.
After living in South Florida, I've become so disenchanted, I can't wait to leave 179.
Angrier, 109, 109.
A bigot, 96.
An alcoholic, 73.
Exstatic, 53.
53 people happy to be there.
Bilingual, 34, unemployed, 33.
Suicidal, 28.
Gay, 27, and a drug addict, 23.
Ed Willis on theocandidate.com
writes,
Ken West News Service.
I mean, should I read it or not?
Well, they're already...
Oh, what did the bomb?
It's about Michael Vic.
He says there are, of course, 3972 ways to come at the Michael Vic story.
And if you've been following this sorted tale in the US media, you were aware of all 3932 angles that have been covered.
And then some.
There have been great columns on the sub-to-the-victor star quarterback of the NFL's Atlanta Falcons and terrible columns.
There have been for rocket of takes, why is Vic going to jail for his role in dogfighting ring when crimes such as domestic abuse are always punishable by incarceration and takes so bizarre.
NBA star Stefan Marbury calling dogfighting a sport that just happens to take place behind closed doors that they strengthen a credulity.
The best line from the past week, all the money in the world apparently couldn't buy Vic a decent mirror, wrote Jeff Schultz and the Atlanta Journal Constitution.
The most poignant, let his prison sentence send the message that continued allegiance to street culture successfully keeps young black men frighteningly behind an American society from ESPN's Jamel Hills.
That Jamel?
Chris?
No idea.
J.E.M.E.L.E. I never heard such a name.
Yeah, I've heard.
So the coverage of this story and its authentic commentary has been as fascinating as Vic's crimes have been repellent, but there's one aspect that transcends the various racial and cultural intrigues.
It has to do with a portrayal of Vic as the victim in this affair, which is also the defense.
He's really a good guy to fence, and veryably employed whenever athletes want to follow the law.
Except this time it failed.
This time the truth couldn't be obscure. There aren't a lot of positive aspects of this story. This is about the only one.
With Vic the wagon started discerquing the minute details of the dogfighting ring became public.
Vic helped things along by lying through his teeth of the story unfolded.
Then a clearer picture started to emerge and investigators found 66 dogs on this property in Virginia, 55 of which were pit bulls.
It was further revealed that Vic was the chief owner and operator of bad news kennels and a willing participant in the fighting and betting.
For all of that the most shocking allocation concerned the executed dogs that failed to perform during fights, and enough it was fairly convincing portrait of a sociopath.
But that's not for the way his, that's not the way his felkin teammates and others saw it.
Mike was loyal to a fault, and that's what hurt him in this situation to the tight end, algae crumpler.
New felkins coach Bobby Petrino noted Vic had attended all quarterback meetings and workouts as if punctuality on the job mitigated against his other crimes.
I'm disappointed in the whole situation Petrino did allow. This disappointed, that's what my mother used to say when I got home late on a school night.
Look I understand there's no right answer with Vic and anything said about this case is just going to feed the machine.
But please, this isn't a matter of poor judgment or misguided loyalty. This was a five year period in which Vic ran a dog fighting ring and engaged in behavior that can only be described as despicable.
And it's a good thing it all came out. If you listen to the people who have some interest in keeping Vic's name clean, you'd think he's a decent guy who's being persecuted for an isolated mistake.
Over the years we've also heard that same thing about more miscreants than can be listed in this space.
By now the fact of formulae is familiar, the higher lawyer or public relations firm throughout the smoke screen or plausible denial line up a few testimonials, et cetera.
You can dispose of your problems as easily as you can dispose of most anything in the 21st century. In the end that says more about our world and the characters in question.
But this time Vic couldn't finesse his way out of trouble. This time the truth as ugly as it was stuck to him like a burr to a wooden blanket.
It still can happen. There's something reassuring in that. Are you reassured? Oh sure. Well good reassured by the Sam and David. Well let's hear about it. The food is here. Yes it is. They're starting us off with some appetizers and by us I mean meat.
Yeah. In other words, Chris isn't getting any. Well he could come in here and get some if he wants. In other words they shine him again. Well you know he looks like he's a benign enough so they brought it in here.
And what else do they bring? Well some tuna sashimi right now but I'm sure that we're going to raise ribs and shrimp and all kinds of things. They got the kitchen going.
Look at that phone baby. Is this phone smoking or what? Are these people got something to say? No. No. Is the salmon is smoking? The salmon is smoking. That's good. Enjoy it. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Count 5 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
We want the calls back. We want the colors. That's the bread and butter. That's what makes the show. And like you said.
Yeah it'd be nice. It'd be nice if they were there. You know I'd be delighted to talk to some people even even some some human idiots like that one before.
Go look in the mirror. Sir you want to see a moron? You want to see an imbecile? Look in the mirror. Michael Vid couldn't afford one even with all his millions. Maybe you can't afford one either.
WQ I am hello. Neil? Yes sir. Yes yes. I was just at the stock box my mind. I think it's the dog seated perform and wherever they were.
And I'm not a little bit more electrocuted and and around. I feel like it should be an eye for an eye. If you ever get to be a play football again.
Be broken in reception. You should be okay. Great. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Count 5 60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Let's put it in some football terminology baby. For every interception he gets like an electric shock. How's that?
I think I think I had the right idea. That's going to be a new format. We're just going to play that four hours every day.
And then maybe you're the first to call or two. What do you say? WQ I am hello. Hey Neil what the hell has happened to your show? I have been taping and listening to you for years.
What does that mean? What's happened? I have been taping. What does that mean? I like the other the other day I was going through tapes for years back.
And it just seems like this is the total mail in. I mean where the hell what's going on? Where is your?
What does that mean? I told you mail in. You listen to DFO your DFO's boyfriend or what? Mail in. I'm mailing it in. What are you talking about?
I'm talking about this show is like Neil Rogers light man. I listen to my. What's the difference beside the fact we can't call it all the time?
What is the difference between what we can play and can't say which we have no control over and anything else? Would you like to tell us sir?
I will tell you right now. Yeah let's hear it. I speak for everybody that I know. I speak for everybody I know you must have a wide circle of friends yes.
Big picture. Okay. Yeah. It's all the polls. I'm talking about polls and talk about things. What is Michael Vic happy with the poll?
I know but we always hear numbers. Poll. Poll. Poll. Forget the poll. Let's hear your opinion. That's what we love. We love you.
What am I talking about today sir? I don't know. Poll. I don't know. Yeah. Poll. I tell you where to shove the poll. Right in there deep. Okay. All of a sudden it comes out your brain used to be.
Wow. So that guy is a regular. Yeah. Listen. These people are complaining about the show. Go away. Yeah. Just go to hell away. Oh it's the same thing we were getting on on the my space.
It's the same crap. Oh you remember that guy and I said when I outed him and put his name on you in the company he worked for. He disappeared real fast. Never heard from him again.
Nope. Mr. Balls. He's got as much balls as Brian began. Maybe this is the same guy. Right over. What happened? It's like need a light. You're mailing it in. You're mailing it.
Well let me put a post and stamp on it. Let me lick it and I'll stick it on the microphone here. I'll go in the other one. I think you're a fake. You're femaleing it in. Oh my god. I'm mailing it in.
This guy was default light. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. WQA and hello. Yeah. No. How's your day? Okay. I want to know if you got any wind of chief John Timothy's Lexus little event.
He's done down here for the last 10 months with a stolen Lexus. I saw it. His graph Lexus. Yeah. What about it? Is Brian Lexus? Exactly. Have you read that story yet? No. Have you heard of the responses that he was test driving it for 10 months?
Let me say it again. If I haven't read the story, how would I have heard the response? He's got to tell me about it. Say something. Speak to us. You got it. He's got police lights mounted in the front of the Lexus. He said he's test driving it's been 10 months when they asked for a candle of Lexus. Now he went and purchased it yesterday. So he won't get in any trouble. He'll escape. Maybe you know some of that drug money from his son to pay for it. I think it might be. Have a good day. Okay. Hey, listen. These are all outstanding public. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money. I'm going to ask you to get a little bit of money.
duo sirs. Okay. Um. So in your public service baby, don't be knocking your public servant. forgive me? I shouldn't say that because those are a lot. I have you're trying to tell a. Lamb. Okay. I have no losses. I can get you to know
This minster Kennell Club dog show, I'm Kenneth Fields, along with my new co-host, NFL quarterback, Michael Vickley.
There would have been people number seven in the house!
Entering the arena now is the other popular toy class. First up is the Maltese.
How adorable. Michael!
What the hell is that? Do that dog have a bow up on his head?
Damn!
Indeed.
Uh, prediction?
Up in a dead dog, Gongda is ass-kid.
Interesting. Next is the toy poodle.
Us.
Unky and full of life.
Yeah, it might be full of life right now, but after one of my dogs get hold of it, it's gonna go from a poodle to a pile of shit's food.
Ha ha ha! Up top!
Yeah, let's move on, shall we?
Hell yeah, let's do this. I got five hundy on the Toa poodle.
Lay your money down, Kenny!
Uh, we must stick a quick break. We'll be back after these messages.
That's a good idea. No evidence there, Wes.
You my boy, Kenny!
Ha ha ha!
1117 at 5.60 W.D.C.A.M.
So I'm looking at my Googling Michael Vick.
He was born into financially-disabended circumstances. He grew up in a public housing project.
Oh.
And back in the neighborhood, known as Bad News, he was seen as a role model and successful about the local youth.
Did you know that's where the Bad News came from?
No, I was not.
That was the hood.
Quit eating with your mouthful.
That's a grilled chicken with green tea and a lot of people.
It was really good.
Sounds good.
Bad news came. That's where the Bad News came from.
And it's Bad News for those dogs too, because now they're all dead.
And it's Bad News for us because, see, I know we've done this before too.
And I went through the same experience, but I never learned.
If you're smart in life, you learn from your mistakes.
If you're stupid like me, you don't learn.
Right.
And you keep repeating them, doing the same stupid things over and over again.
Look at the phone. It's as dead as a door nail.
Was it like this yesterday?
Off it on.
567-0560.
The land of nothing.
They have nothing to say about anything.
And pound 560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
And of course, there's line 9 again.
WQ, why you?
Hello.
At least you had the decency to hang up this time.
Now, you know I haven't wanted to be quiet up there.
Because I'm going to say I'm going to give this to about noon.
And if it continues like this, I'm going to go back to what I was doing,
because I can do that just fine forever.
I can do it another hundred years.
But depending on the populist and soft food,
like have anything to say, this is why it's not fake calls.
I know.
Yeah.
And like something's going to change now, something in the after all these months,
something that somebody waved that magic wand and all the things that are going to change.
There it is.
Nothing's going to ever change.
But you should do your show from the house, Neil.
WQ, why am hello?
Q, I am.
Not there.
WQ, why am, Hola.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, I, uh, this, this is the earliest morning I said they quarter ounce of jerk chicken.
Good.
WQ, why am, hello?
Q, I am, Hola.
You know, it's up, Neil.
It's just going to hear your voice again.
After what?
After.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
WQ, why am hello?
Yes, I'd like to speak with Neil, please.
Speaking.
I'd like to comment on the gentleman that, uh, I guess said that he just,
you aren't what you used to be.
And that will face him.
So I'm mailing it in?
Yeah, I'm a faithful listener.
In fact, I think you're, I want, I want to be a drop because I have no life.
And I still don't.
But I tell you, I don't see you as angry as he used to be.
And maybe that's, maybe that's what he misses.
The anger.
And that's what, that's what South Florida is about.
It's anger and hatred.
Well, just what I don't want to be.
I don't want to be in South Florida because I don't want to be angry the rest of my life.
And I don't want to be pissed off that I am forced to be in a place that I don't want to be.
Sorry.
You know, there was a point there where I felt bad.
And there was like this, you know, I need to get out feeling.
And I personally enjoy listening to you now.
It's refreshing.
There's a good objective view of South Florida.
And, you know, I couldn't disagree with him more, you know, keep it up.
And of course, you and George are always better than tape.
So I'm not a material.
Thanks for, uh, okay.
Okay, thanks for the kissy-kissies.
Okay.
Hey, I'll take it.
You'll take one.
The kissy-kissie compared to what we have them getting.
I don't want kissy-kissie.
It's boring, but that guy would amailing it in.
You're mailing it in, the, the, the, the, I'm so tired of this crap.
If you don't like it, go back and listen to your sour tape.
It's okay.
And this guy, he did even though he was busy kissing my ass, he didn't have one good point.
Angry.
Angry people.
Right.
Hostile.
In fact, look at that.
It's number two on the, a pool, whether it would all do respect to the schmuck they called before.
Oh, you're getting the pools and the numbers and the, yeah, number two, angrier.
And of course, being in South Florida makes you very, very angry.
Why?
Because most people, if they had to wear with all, would get the hell out.
They don't want to be there.
Oh, but it's paradise.
Remember somebody at the, the, the, the, the, the anti-neil.
Oh, it's paradise.
Yeah, right.
See, I for one, because of the fact I'm going to be an old fart.
I don't want to spend the rest of my life playing shuffleboard in my zone.
And, you know, and, and sitting for, uh, fittings of my, uh, designer wigs.
I don't want to do that.
Yeah, that right.
Sitting for fittings.
Sitting for fittings and the schmiddings.
From my designer hair pieces.
Who is the doctor that performed the surgery?
Uh, the QAN.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi there.
Um, in order to have got far the trivia bump, the, um, some of the, uh, there's a truck
right here, five angels.
You know who that was?
No.
Very I yellow.
Well, I'll be damned.
It's the truth.
He couldn't, he couldn't act as light of a paper sack.
Do you remember, do you remember what he said when he put the rope around his neck?
Here's regards.
Michael, Michael, Michael, Paul, the own senses regard.
There's something like that.
Because they actually, they got a guy who, uh, I, I, I realized he was just starting back then.
Yeah.
It was just too very strange for that famous name pop up on his credit.
You said that they were showing these movie go over and it's like the watch.
So the guy said, uh, uh, uh, Michael, Paul, you know, did this.
And the Michael, Paul, you know, did that.
So I said, uh, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You're just mailing it in.
Yeah.
Sure.
And you know what?
They're still mailing the checks.
How do you like that?
W.A.M.
Hello.
The M.
Colcapper in the Benian Co.
Show.
W.A.M.
Hello.
This is Jesus Christ.
Again.
Chronic.
I want to tell you that I love you.
Craig.
Yeah.
Well, what do you mean, Craig?
That was love.
He was sending all day.
Yes.
The day is Jesus Christ, chronic crank.
Yeah.
What's wrong with that?
Everything.
5, 6, 7.
Maybe he's getting ready for that big expose on the CNN tonight about the glam.
First, they ripped the Jews on Monday last night, the ragheads and now they're going to be ripping the glam tonight.
Let's just rip everybody.
Get angry again, Neil.
That's what we want to hear.
We want to hear the old Neil angry.
I like that.
You know, it's Tuesday.
I didn't have one lead.
You called it.
Oh, yeah.
I did it.
They're crazy lady.
Remember that?
You can come here and.
Oh, yeah.
So I shouldn't start that again either.
So you keep going back and making the same mistakes over and over and over and over again.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
You know, it's so cool.
It's a program.
It's in South Florida.
But you really don't like it too much.
How do you deal with that?
And you.
That's the right deal with what?
Well, if the program is in South Florida and you hate it, here.
Why don't I just get a program in different parts of the country or Canada?
Well, I'm glad it made you laugh.
No, I'm not laughing.
I'm on the cry.
That's George's laugh.
I want to cry.
You know what?
I'm not going to cry because I'm not in South Florida.
So I would be happy.
Because I'm not there with you.
Your program would really fly in like, you know, blah.
Oh, yeah.
It would be really good to auto-way or to coup d'amie.
I'm going to be out in to coup d'amie.
Which to coup d'amie?
56670560, pound 560 and they were rising in singular wireless line.
You can hear the dullness in it.
It's like they came back here for parade.
You know, eat one and it's duller than the next one.
That dull sound, boo, boo.
It's great.
Makes me feel like I'm home again without having to make the trip.
WQAM, hello.
Any help?
Yes, sir.
Just before I get to the guy saying mail it in,
I wanted to talk about all your jocks strap there.
I moved to Massachusetts about 10 years ago and I remember Troy Vincent playing for the dolphins.
And one time the man which when he intercepted the ball,
he proceeded to run about 70 yards down the field.
And this was named it's his comments.
Go Troy.
Go Troy.
Go Troy.
Now that's some commentary there.
Yeah.
Next.
Next.
Well, the guy said you're mail it in, he also said he'd love you too.
And I would say to him when I say to my children that the world changes sometimes and he changed with it.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
I love the way he ended that call, don't you?
Yes.
The world changes sometimes you have to change with it.
That's all.
So sir, get with it.
I'm mailing it in.
If you don't like it too bad, in fact, I'm mailing it in federal express.
I'm mailing it in UPS.
696 votes on the pool and certainly nobody wants to hear about that.
What are we going to do 900 today?
See, it's a big deal.
It's not like the end of the world.
It's just a part of the show that's all.
It's there and I'm not going to apologize for it.
We're not going to stop doing it.
And we're not going to change it just because I missed it out there.
It's running out of tapes.
Oh, good.
Goodbye.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
It's running out of tapes.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
It's running out of tapes.
It's running out of tapes.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
I'm not going to stop doing it.
Get also.
If God wants it, you can go live like this.
stamp on air and we slap it in a box and mail it in.
Is the queen on the stamp?
This queen's on the stamp, right?
5,6,7,0,5,60,5,60 and we've arrived in a singular wireless line.
I had forgotten, I guess, which is good.
Maybe that's why I'm in such a good mood.
I've forgotten how lifeless and how desperate they have nothing to say.
They didn't have anything to say 15 years ago.
They didn't have anything to say five years ago and they still got nothing to say.
The letter of time.
The letter of time.
They said that.
That must be it.
By the way, the main lobster pizza with shiitake mushrooms and a green sauce is the best
thing I've ever eaten in memory.
20 minutes.
So, the specifics go on soon.
QAN, hello.
Oh, Mr. Nioh, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
You probably don't remember me, but I made something for you a while back.
I want to get your opinion.
I respect what your mind thought is.
Mindset.
I'm dealing poker down here in Belox, Mississippi.
They just allowed table games and poker up in West Virginia right outside of Charleston.
I'm making 52,000 year dealing poker for 35 to 40 hours a week.
Yeah.
I've always wanted to go to the college of the Rio Grande, which is a one woodworking school
up there.
The company offers the same insurance, same benefits of everything else that this company
does down here.
Yeah.
I don't know how the tips up there because I work on tips.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
Good luck to you.
I wouldn't.
I'd be the last person in the work because I've never been there.
I'm not going to recommend something that's going to change your life because I have no
idea.
You got to talk to somebody who's been there, who's worked there, who's lived there.
What to make?
They do.
It's run by the same company.
Price made place for each of them.
It's run by the same company that owns Hollywood Greyhound or Mardi Gras now.
And I worked for Hollywood Greyhound Mardi Gras and it was a great place to work.
But down before they were only open six months out of the year.
Yeah.
Which is why I left them to come out here.
Well, I wish it was the luckster.
I mean, it's like a dog chasing its tail.
One is still a Michael Victor and going to hold it.
Why does he keep going through all of that?
I wish it was all along in the world.
I can't answer the question for him.
Why is it that?
Why is Chris so weak on these calls?
I don't think he's interested.
Don't talk to them.
Put them on hold, please.
That's my suggestion.
I don't want to start playing Bouch Bloss, which I never do.
But it's starting to get aggravating.
If we're going to do the thing with the calls again, put them on hold, please.
Is that a request registered?
Yeah.
Don't have a conversation with them.
Either they want to go on hold and speak to me or Georgia if he's doing a show or
goodbye.
Don't play 20 questions.
Don't get sucked into that, please.
And since I'm asking questions about why isn't this one doing this, why isn't it?
Did we ever get a response on why we only had eight stories on the website today?
Not that a lot of people really care, but did we get a response or not?
No.
Because you only said you ate.
He said he's in the other room there.
18.
He's got 8.
He says.
Let me see it again.
He keeps, well Eric says he's a liar.
So you know, maybe Eric's got a point.
Maybe they're all a bunch of liars.
He said, reset.
I say, well, we just, huh?
He said, reset.
How about I reset you send from a couple of weeks ago?
That would be good.
You can select them all and reset them all at once.
OK.
Don't be the QA and hello.
You know?
Yes, sir.
How are you?
OK.
Listen, I want to direct this call to the gentleman.
I'll use that lightly.
They said you were mailing it in.
Well, listen, it was phone call.
He wanted to talk about mail.
So I think polls.
You know, and I really that's what his phone calls all about.
I think you're doing a great job.
I think you should keep doing what you're doing.
And tell him he needs to put you up.
OK, thanks.
Well, it sounds like we're having one of those firearms.
May I have your attention, please?
Yes?
We're conducting service work.
I hate these people.
Let me close the door.
All right.
God, do I hate that?
I mean, I love my building, but I just hate when they do this.
Why do they do it?
And why do they do it in the middle of a high page show like this?
Well, how can you mail it in when they're doing a firearm test?
There are 112 votes on the poll.
I think we may make 900 a day.
We might.
I'm not too sure, but we got a shot.
And then that got to be pissed off.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I have a long John service chicken plank in my room.
Yeah, good.
I bet you do.
Stick another one in there, too, while you're at it.
Right, though.
It's getting lonely.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Anya, what's up?
Anya, what's up?
I'm about to talk about a million in.
Hey, well, why would those Utah minors, man?
Those two got screwed, man.
Hey, what is it?
What do you just say?
L-L-L.
Those Utah minors, man, they got screwed.
Yeah.
Yeah, man.
And knew.
I'm fine with you.
You can try that if that's my Zeta funny story, sir.
No, no, no, I'm not saying.
But I'm saying that they get screwed.
And it's the, no, it went to look for them.
And it went to look for them.
It's two weeks after.
Three weeks, something like that.
Come on, man.
And knew you can't let it in, man.
You can't play no more big black guy named Ben,
a foe foe king.
That was a good one.
Yeah, that's right.
You're right.
Say, how did you all find Berg by the way for us?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the river
rise in a singular wireless line boy.
There is a one call on that board.
Not one.
Sir, Tuesday was pretty good.
But you know, as I think back, it's always that way.
It's fine for a day, maybe two days,
and then they're out of material.
You're out of material today, folks.
You're finished.
Isn't that depressing?
And I'm hearing that they got that thing cranked up
really extra loud today.
Can you hear it?
Yeah.
You can hear it.
A loud and clear door.
I got the door closed now.
Ordinarily, most days when I close the door,
you can't hear it through the door.
But today, they're really cranking it as loud as they can.
It's maybe to wake up to people to South Florida.
Gornish, dolphin, maybe it's hopeless.
Quit mailin' it in, Neil.
Quit mailin' it in.
Maybe we'll call you.
I doubt it.
Maybe we'll have something to say.
I'm sure that ain't gonna happen.
56670560, pound 560,
they've arrived in singular, wireless line.
I think really what Clarence is doing,
you know what I really believe?
What?
I think what they're doing is they're looking to create
like a sports writer's show between 10 and two.
Ethan Skolnik, and Alex Marvez, and Dave Marvez,
and Mike Burrino, and we placed the non-sports
the evil show, which is this one,
with a sports writer's show.
That sounds like a winner to make.
Oh yeah.
Get those ratings down to fractions.
New bad, like the old days.
Like they like.
They're taking relate to.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I want to tell you about two of those
dining certificates last Thursday.
And I got it in the mail.
But it says I can only use one for two people.
That's bogus.
I'm not happy about that.
What would mean it's bogus?
Because I have a family of three,
that's why I bought the two tickets.
But now I can't use both when I go with my husband
and my son.
Yeah, well send them back.
Now that's bogus.
You're bogus, lady.
Your bogus bitch is what you are, okay?
Bogus.
Yeah.
I can only use.
Read what it says.
It's right there on the website.
Okay, honey, has somebody read it to you,
whatever the rules are.
You can use it for brews, you can use it for fruit,
you can wipe your.
You can do whatever you want with it.
Yeah, yeah.
And this is why I was, see this is why I was so happy to
got it wanted before it.
Tell me how I sound so happy because I've been talking
to these losers.
I haven't been my life hasn't been the connected
of the South Florida funnel for a long, long time,
all these months.
This is what Johnny Joe Bell wants though on the
Neil Rogers show.
He wants to hear the way Neil relates to the cars.
That's his idea of the show.
What he knows about the show, you can stick in a
little envelope, a headroom for his fat ass leftover.
That's what he knows about this show.
This show.
Our any show when he came right down to it.
And I'm George is the one that said that.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
Yeah.
You heard Chris.
I understand.
Yeah, of course.
Answer those calls now Chris.
I have them.
Now seriously, you are in line six right?
Who was you, who are you talking to?
Like you'll be, who was that?
I was on line six for what?
Two seconds, three seconds.
No, you're right there for a long time.
And I was through a through an entire call.
No, no, you must have been looking at the wrong thing then.
I was looking at the wrong thing.
Well, I had a look at things.
I get a few questions on the face.
I'm thinking that I hang up on them.
All right, relax.
Just relax.
Don't get touchy enough tight now.
Like, George, I heard this.
He's over here crying right now.
I'm not going to rescind you.
It's one of those things.
Tell him and his boyfriend Eric to get it straightened out.
The two of you get that deal straightened out.
Get the things on there.
I'm not going to send them anymore, OK?
I'm going to do like the rest of the station.
Just going to lay out.
He says him and Eric made up the kissy kissy.
Even a little bit.
Let me in.
There's lost their love, Josh.
There's lost their love.
Where of exploding ball?
Oh.
I'm going to crack it to the watch.
Give it a shot.
You're a man.
Nobody pays a fine nothing except when there's something really stupid out to me.
The concept to make you joking.
And now you got nothing.
You have to say, believe it, Jesus.
You can't be bothered to make nothing.
You might learn something without being a guy with me.
Just keep those guys to be his brother.
Say the limits of dubbing.
The price of gas will not allow me.
The most perfect administration in the history of our nation.
Which won't he battle to be his.
That's not the kind of information that's for the nation who wants you to see.
We are shredding the concentration.
We are carrying up the bill of rights.
Because we are telling Americans that no matter what your business is,
you are subject to the undisciplined, irresponsible scrutiny of the Attorney General and others without a court intervention.
I will you look when your redemption or a ball is soaked to me in the old eyes of me.
Soon those great dreams will be accomplished.
When you don't get out of it, they come for you eventually in me.
I'm dying out of here.
Big old train, maybe 13 will noon at 5.60 WQ.
Now let me just say since we got the thing coming up at noon with JB's and the food is so sensational, the blue water grill.
Let me just read what it says here on our website at WQM.com.
How many deals can I purchase?
Five.
Can certificate be used for alcohol?
Yes.
Can be used at other locations.
Yes, for example, this week you can use it at JB's on the beach as well as JB's blue water grill.
Cashback for unused portion?
No.
Use more than one certificate per visit?
No.
It says it right there on our bogus thing, lady.
No.
And the last one about more than one certificate for use?
That's on all of the deals.
I already went and looked.
No cashback.
You, taxing with you would not include only one certificate per table.
It says right there in English, in English only one per table.
And even it says it twice on there.
Can be used at the JB's on the beach.
That's what it says.
I don't really care.
That's a welfare bet.
Just because nobody else would read it to you, bag lady.
She's probably the lady the 100 grand of Woodbine last week.
The bag lady.
You should have seen this old bag.
She looked like she had a house coat on.
Like a white sheet she was adraped in.
Aww.
Put that $20 bill on the machine.
And by the bang, three wheel of fortunes there's 100 grand.
She can afford to buy herself a new Dempstee dumpster now.
All sales are final lady.
No exchanges are refunds.
Prices are subject to change.
But a beat but a boot but a bout.
But I'm sure that now let's see what which one was afforded.
Did she say she didn't know?
No.
Well, whichever one was for I'm sure no problem at all.
Send them back in and George will be more than happy to give you your money back.
Right.
Crystal.
He just got me a check and I'll give it to him.
No problem at all.
George and Crystal come knocking on your door and they'll have something special for you ladies.
Yeah, well that too.
No extra charge.
She was the epitome of why stop taking calls.
Her.
Besides of course the cranks but she epitomized it.
Sour.
And then of course the other guy earlier.
Yeah, you're just mailing it in.
I'm listening to the old tapes.
Oh, I used to be so great.
You're mailing it.
Well, don't listen anymore.
Okay.
Hey, hold.
Don't listen no mo.
Drop dead.
Go find it.
I got fight on hobby.
Go play part cheesy.
Go play shuffleboard with mo.
Do something that you enjoy mo then listen to this.
You idiot.
It's just numbers.
It's numbers.
It's big enough numbers.
We got those ratings coming out tomorrow morning.
That'll really be for us to ask because you know who we listen.
Especially now they know I'm going to make a very short guest appearance tomorrow for the ratings for the trend.
Mm hmm.
And of course we would have some idea of how we're doing for that trend if we had the monthlies but of course the parents can't be bothered with that.
Because he isn't involved.
In fact, you know something that's good.
That's not a bad thing.
That's a good thing.
The less involved he is with from tend to two the better off we are.
Keep your nose out of the show clearance and we don't need any more breakfast rejoins about how the canes are leaving the orange bull two hours after I had the story on the air.
In addition to which everybody in town is leaving the orange bull.
The canes are leaving the orange bull.
They're going to Dolphin Stadium.
Are you ready?
Are you squeezing your testicles right now while you're hearing the exciting news?
It's sad is what it is.
And I still don't see much happening on it the phone.
You know what I mean?
Yes I do.
No I mean the lines are bringing like crazy.
Just not giving the answering.
You know what?
He's slow.
That's all he's fat and slow.
Chris.
He can't help it.
And of course you keep feeding him.
All this food keeps coming in.
You keep shoving it down his place.
Oh it's at least I can do.
WDQRM. Hello.
In lieu of cash.
Hello.
Yes.
You know how to get these guys on the phone etiquette?
Because that's the problem.
I was I was trying to call in three times and I got on that phone before I get in.
I was trying to say my name.
Yeah.
Well the main thing I call him was about Jim Kramer.
They got a big article about him and his portfolio and the parents magazine this week.
And he's lost like 17%.
Good.
I hope he loses 170% he's a crazy person.
I know I tell you the watch of these two he's too hysterical.
He jumps around like he's biking on.
You see I don't know about you but I don't find anything funny about losing my money.
And of course with him.
I mean if I want to see a comedy show I'll watch a comedy show.
But now when it comes to my money.
And this is part of what CNBC have been saying this for years.
You all belong in jail.
You have helped put over every fraud at the last 15-20 years and back with the tech bubble and everything.
Oh it's the old economy against the new economy and you were propping up all these companies that had no earnings
and making excuses for it and put in these phonies on the year.
One of which was Jim Kramer and because of the fact that he's a crazy person and jumps around and does all this stuff.
They gave him his own show.
They put him on there and so they run into this disclaimer.
Well Jim Kramer is a crazy person and CNBC doesn't endorse his crap but he's very entertaining and you know like that.
You all belong behind bars.
Ted David, Maria Bartaroma with the 80-pound bags under each eye.
All of you other fakeers out there that mark what's his name.
It looks like he's asleep in the morning.
The squat guy, squat and talk and schmuck and all those guys.
David Faber is enough to make me anti-Semitic to see a guy named David Faber under and Ted David no less.
All belong in jail baby.
You've released the public out of their money and you put a fake or a lunatic like Jim Kramer under what's supposed to be a financial station.
Thank God nobody watches it anymore except people the last couple of weeks while they're losing all their money.
Let's see what they're doing on there right now.
Let's see how the... in fact let's do a Rick Riley that should finish us off.
The fair value is that.
Remember those days we had never heard it but I heard about it.
Yeah.
The dollar's down 39 points.
And the NASDAQ's down 19 and the stated in poor is down 7.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
That's all I can tell you.
There's a full board every minute and if you want to invest in stocks go right ahead.
Have a good time.
I'll have to go to woodbine.
I don't lose that much there.
It's going to change my life.
I already had my stock experience.
WDQA in Hello.
Get a comment from Mommy for that.
WDQA in Hello.
QA in.
Hello?
Yes sir.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay sir.
The OI does not back from Vegas for the last weekend.
Yeah congratulations.
It was amazing play.
Never been.
Oh, how much do you lose?
Not that much.
I think like a couple hundred dollars.
Oh, that's not bad.
Good.
Well, the first time I've ever been out there and it was amazing what it could be like here if they had gambling.
Oh my god.
What it could be like there.
You can understand things that succeed every place else fail in South Florida because it's designed to fail.
Everything that happens is designed to fail.
Just like the sloths now, if they paramutuals, they passed all the laws to make sure that they would fail and they're doing a great job of that.
They're feeling big time and what's the Indians get the full gaming?
You can kiss all the other guys goodbye.
It'll be a turn after lights the parties over.
It was amazing how much fun it was and also for all the people that were there there were tons of people and it still felt safe enough to walk around.
Yeah.
Well, we sure don't want that in South Florida sir.
We don't want to have a lot of people too many tourists, too many automobiles, too many people having a good time.
We don't want any of those things in South Florida, all of these...
Florida, these cities.
742 votes on the poll.
If we can get to 900 a day, I'll feel like we made it.
Well, we'll see how fast we sell these deals coming up in five minutes, four and a half, whatever the hell it is.
Four and a half minutes.
Take Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Be patient.
Hey.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
I'm having a lot of fun.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
It is you.
Hey, what's up folks, is he speaking aboutialidas and James?
I really did.
a consumer union and just buy what we want everybody gets together and what do you think?
Everybody buy what they want? What does that mean?
Sounds great.
Can the bar you got?
That's really bad for me.
What is it?
Can the bar your card? I want to buy everything I want.
Okay. Buy whatever you want.
And he's going to pay for it this guy.
Sweet.
It's just don't buy anything made in China.
They have a problem there.
It's called sanitation.
And they don't have it.
That's what I see.
And they eat dog.
Lack of the above.
That is correct.
And they eat dog.
That is correct.
Maybe that's why they got all those poison dog treats.
Maybe you know, kill enough dogs and it makes for a nice lunch and dinner.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8.
The phones are kind of weak, you know, but I'm going to press along, baby.
And you wait till the 10th of September.
Is that today a comeback full time?
Oh, yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Oh.
Speaking of sweet five days a week of this.
Oh, brother.
And my advanced age.
Put your up to go.
Like I said on Tuesday, you got to do what's best for you if you only want to work two
days.
How can I force that guy was so angry?
It was just pathetic.
Stop emailing it in, would you?
Now, how am I going to email it in five days a week?
767, we're not flying.
That's what we got on the pool.
But don't get those numbers out.
And certainly don't read the poll results to embarrassing.
WDQAN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
I was calling in because I was so upset about that lady caller that you had earlier today.
We'll call them, complain about the meal deal thing.
Bitch, yes.
You know, oh, look, I'm a salesperson.
That's what I do for a living.
I do presentations that companies front of people trying to sell something.
And with these people who get up and they criticize your product, don't understand
is that you're just a messenger.
You paid the sell that you didn't cut the deal.
Not only that, it says right on there.
That's why I read it this time.
And I read it on the year.
It says right on there only one certificate for a table and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
It says it right on there if she would have read it.
And then she's giving me bogus.
Bogus, my ass.
Very exactly.
And what the setting is, you know, you're out there.
You're just trying to sell it.
That's your job.
And then somebody gets up and calls in and says, you know, I'm going to have to be with
this.
Why don't they call management and complain?
They are not in front of the poor sales guy.
I hope she chokes on it.
Whatever she wrote, I hope there's like a fishbone in it.
And I hope she chokes on it.
Me too.
I don't understand.
And she's stupid and she doesn't realize this.
Or she's just very inconsiderate.
In addition to which if she's that smart, she should have had like the other two people
sit at one table, which I'm sure they didn't want to sit with her anyhow.
And she could have started at her own table.
That's a great idea.
I'm listening to that lady.
Who would want to eat dinner with her anyway, that bitch?
Exactly.
And you know, I hope your listeners understand that.
Don't shoot the messenger.
If you complain about something, go to management.
But I love your show.
And I think it's great.
And I love George's two big truths to him.
And that's all I wanted to say.
I just just heard about that lady.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Come down.
Come down.
Okay.
We're open out of shape out of these losers who comprise about 85, 90% of the Florida losers.
No.
Writers like Joel Feinberg.
They know the organization doesn't care about our business.
That's right.
Nobody cares about your business.
You got more money than God.
What are you crying about, Joel?
Cry, baby.
Nobody likes a cry, baby, Joel.
And when the numbers come out tomorrow, somebody's going to be crying.
By the way, nothing is coming back.
I think that record is it stands.
What do you mean by that?
The tickets.
The passes.
The certificates.
That last one sold.
Oh, he did?
Well, nobody bothered telling me that.
That's why I'm telling you.
Well, let me look at it again.
Okay.
I just want to log on to what again see for myself.
Not that I don't trust you guys and stuff like that.
I don't blame you.
I wouldn't trust Chris.
I don't see that.
And we did get that thing fixed too, where you can click on it and we're sold out.
Sold out in a couple of minutes, honey, like that.
Nice going by me, Duff.
Duff you, Omi.
No, I don't want that.
I don't want that.
Who the hell are the barlet?
I with the skews.
Continues.
Some experts say the time was right.
The White House political adviser Carl Rowe to resign.
And Secretary of State Connoisseur Rice reportedly has no plan to go in anywhere.
Candid comments from President Bush today when he didn't think anyone else was listening.
Connoisseur Rice.
She is a great broad.
I don't know what she thinks about me.
President Bush apparently not knowing he could be her.
She gave me love and lots of advice.
She is a fabulous piece of ex.
Back to you.
Okay, 1218 at 550 WQM.
Mad Dog is back today.
He'll be on 2 to 4th.
Thank God.
And then after that, well, get busy doing something.
Play shuffleboard after 4 o'clock.
Seven step drop.
Have you ever heard of such a thing in your life, Chris, on a Play-Buy Play-Buy?
I guess it was football game.
No.
Seven step drop.
And look at the phone, baby.
I thought we had a little something going there.
But then we had a lady calling.
She made a lot of sense since she was rational and intelligent and had something to say.
And then that was the end of that.
560560, pound 560 and leave a rise in singular wireless line.
Not a call on that board, man.
It's really sad.
Aren't you saddened by it?
No, I'm saddened when it happens to me.
Oh, 782 vote.
After living inside Florida, I've become so disenchanted.
I can't wait to leave 212.
Angrier, 135.
Angrier.
A bigot, 112.
An alcoholic 85.
Aesthetic 67, only 8.5%.
Unemployed 40 by a lingual 40.
Suicidal 32, gay 31 and a drug addict 28.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
Congratulations on one.
Ten minutes.
Ten minutes one.
That's how I took the sellout.
How do you know that?
Because it says that if you look on past deals, oh, it's already on there?
Correct.
Well, that's bogus.
We hit it so loud.
That's what that bitch said.
She said it's bogus.
It's a bogus.
Yeah.
She probably, you know, Joel Feinberg's girlfriend or something like that.
What a thought that is.
Really weak on the phones, baby.
Really weak after I made that momentous decision on Tuesday to bring back the calls and
get rid of sitting here reading for four hours bedtime stories, which nobody under the
age of 100 wanted to hear anymore.
All that work.
Do you have any idea how much work that was while I guess you do?
Yeah.
I mean, that was like too much work for me.
Now I'm just mailing it in, you know.
Here's our only call.
QA and hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Unfortunately, I turned in only midway through the article.
You were reading, pretending to that, I guess the guy from the AFS, and Deli.
And the LCP.
Is that somewhere it can be located online?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That's where I got it online.
Let me see if I've saved it.
Yeah, here it is.
It sits on CNN's website.
Okay.
And did you hear Stefan Marbury's comment?
Another, you know, basketball playing more on?
Yeah.
That's in the article.
He said, let me see if I can find it.
I want to make sure I have the correct quote.
Uh, it's in here.
Stefan Marbury said, I know it's in here because I read it, but I can't find it out.
What do you say?
It's like shooting deer.
It's just kind of a sport.
Oh, yeah.
He said, how come people don't make a big deal out of it when people go out and shoot deer,
right?
You know, someone should go out and shoot him.
Consider the source.
Thank you.
Okay.
567-0560.
RL White, a very unusual name for guy who's the president of the Atlanta chapter, the
NAACP, the National Association for the Enraged of Colored People, although it doesn't say
what color we're talking about.
Everything is a racial thing.
Don't you understand in America no matter what you do if you're a dark, complex, and
person, you're printing on me because it's a racial thing.
If Tom Brady would have done it, then nobody would have said nothing.
Okay.
It would have been okay.
It would have become a trend.
Right.
Tom Brady's too busy to miss with dogs.
Well, he may have missed with a few dogs in this time, but he's busy knocking up all
these hot chicks.
See, now that would be something that the guys could respect him for, right?
And he had a baby boy.
Who had a baby boy?
Boy in a hand in him.
Tom Brady?
Correct.
It's going to be a beautiful boy.
And I hope that their first child is a masculine child.
Not like what's his name?
Who's that queen quarterback for the Browns?
Brady Quinn?
You know, I hope Brady Quinn was he and could have started this year, but I hope in a
year or two when he becomes the starter for the Browns.
I hope he throws like seven billion touchdown passes.
Who are you talking about?
Yes, I'm sure of you.
Yeah, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff.
He's not there anymore.
So they only Quinn, that's the bearer of the Browns.
Where's he now?
He's a tamer bay.
Josh has seen.
Oh, well, that figure's Screamer.
WDQYM.
Hello.
You people ending Canada.
Yeah, I'm going to Canada.
Welcome back, not dropped Ed WDQYM.
Hello.
Morning, Neil.
How you doing?
OK, good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
It's good to hear you ran and rave and again.
Yeah.
Listen to my great-for-pop.
Maybe you're your own worst enemy.
What do you mean?
Well, you just keep people glad to hear you back on the radio.
Then you kind of snap at them.
But you said you have to make a move.
What do you mean back on the radio?
Where have I gone?
I've been on the radio.
We're all summer long today.
You can't go to work in two days a week.
Yeah, like a slacker.
No, good for you.
You've got a good deal.
Yes, I do.
Nothing makes you happy.
You're always crying and grousing and so that's the best.
Yeah, you know what makes me happy?
Hang it on our morons like you.
Hang it up by me.
It makes me real happy.
I know something else that makes you happy,
but you shouldn't talk about it on the year.
That's right.
56670560.
0560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
I'm a very unhappy person.
I'm very angry.
I'm an angry old man.
I remember when I started in South Florida,
they called me an angry young man.
Now I'm an angry old man after 31 years.
Make this a process.
31 years.
That's right.
And then someday I'll be angry dead man.
Oh, then they will fear me.
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yes, I have two things to tell you.
One that Ponziot is still there.
And Sherry Hill.
Ponziot is a great place.
Ponziot is still there.
Sherry Hill, New Jersey.
Yeah, yeah.
The other thing is that Johnny Gatt is moving to Connecticut.
My cousin said he's moving to her town.
Well, I would move there and start stalking him right now if I were you.
And I delivered mail down a key log.
And you do it for me.
You make my day.
Well, thanks a lot, sweetheart.
I hope you and Johnny get lucky.
Thank you.
See ya.
Or maybe Tom Brady will come in the servicing.
He's doing just like, you know, like the horses they servicing the mirror and covering the mirror.
Don't you love these expressions?
They use these covering the mirror.
Have you ever heard that?
No.
When they breed horses, yeah, the stallion is covering the mirror.
Never heard that.
Well, I never bred on a horse.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
791 under pool.
Now we're going to make 800 EC.
That's what the Chris set up goal is to the 800.
Then we'll stop talking about the numbers.
What?
850.
Okay.
3DQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Ha!
3DQYM, hello.
No, I listen to you.
I just called the voice.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I just pressed a button.
I mean, how about hello up?
Or is this something?
I did say hello.
How you doing?
No, you didn't.
Well, I'm saying it now.
Okay.
How you doing?
Doing great.
Just driving to see a lawyer.
Anyway, I wanted to talk about your polls there.
I don't go on the website to vote on the polls anymore.
I find them ponderous.
But that's your own deal.
Yeah.
As far as this guy from the NWL.
Well, let me ask you this question.
If you don't go on there to vote on him anymore,
why would he even bring it up unless you just wanted to be negative and sorry?
But go ahead.
No, I find that ponderous talking about the numbers.
I agree with some of the callers that voice that opinion.
Yeah, the one.
Yeah.
Ha, the one.
Neil, this NWACP.
I was subjected to a program at work and I found it objectionable towards white.
And I went on the computer and tried to find some organization to represent white civil rights.
Yeah.
Call up David Duke, you'll help you out.
793 on the pool.
And I don't want to read that number though because the really all the callers we've had saying,
oh, it's really ponderous.
We don't want to hear those numbers.
Yeah, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Goodbye, Carl Row.
You're flaming Neil on Hal-Mal.
Now you'll have more time for Jeff Gardens, you can rest and comfort you
while you tickle his poopy dew.
Get dirty, take the bag and you.
And a lousy dancer, bush calling you a turd blossom is the only truth that he said
since his ass is where you kept your hair.
You're the party with the president.
You're recovering queer and prepare a fear.
Get the hell out of here.
Get lying traitors.
Say bye bye and go hide it.
You'll be Dubai.
Justice in a country that's not good still for them.
If you want to put your comments on Republican tail, there's plenty of good Christian Republican boyfriend who's for you.
Welcome, Pro 31 and 560, Deputy QM.
I'm looking at Stu Gotts' thing.
They're running a ticket website.
You know how they do the 50-50 thing which I thought we originated the idea but we stole it from everybody else.
But we're doing a great job with it.
But anyway, he's got let's see, one, two, three, four, five places where they still have,
because they start with the homerit certificates instead of 50.
He's got one place with 14 left, one with 17, one with 64, one with 73,
and I guess the last week one with 59 left.
Like a week later.
Now that's not like a resounding success story, is it?
Stu Gotts? Who doesn't belong on here to say hello or goodbye?
And didn't I say that when he was on our station, the same thing?
Yes I did.
800 one votes on a pool, but we don't want to get to any press because the pool is a really ponderous.
See, you don't have to vote on the pool.
You don't have to pay any attention to the pool.
I read the result like maybe once or twice every hour.
If it's something like really civilating, which is rare, but if it is,
I might read it one or two times more than that.
And so what's the big deal?
Is that an issue?
I'll tell you what it is, it's something to get bitter and sour about.
That's why I called for it.
That's what it's all about.
This guy gave me a song of dance about how to be doing the show from my house.
I'd have a studio in my house, so I'm like a prisoner of sound for the next part of the year.
No chance in your pants, Paley.
No chance.
Take your palm tree and stick it.
Correct.
Crazy person.
And like I said, why would it sound any different if I was sitting in my living room or in my den or something sitting in a studio they built?
It says, and poses sitting here.
I don't know.
Room acoustics?
Idiot.
Jackass.
About a way we had some technical problems before the show this morning.
They were on that end.
I just thought I'd mention that again.
Well, I mean, at least this time you didn't say, oh you better check your stuff.
You must be up there.
I'd say not.
I know.
Let me go reset some stuff.
And you didn't it worked.
WDQ I am.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, Paley?
How you doing, sir?
Pretty good.
It always just seems that whenever a black famous figure thing wrong, that they always pull the race card or something.
It's like, let's not worry that the guy actually did something wrong here.
It's really old, man.
I'll tell you it's time I'm really sick of it.
Yeah, so George also has South Park done anything on this shed?
You know?
They're not in season right now.
They're not new right now.
Okay.
Okay, Neil, good talking to you, bud.
Have a great day, Paley.
You too, man.
They're not in season.
Wow.
Yeah, whatever.
I'm not a sexual to me.
Hey, we're going to six votes on the pool, but we're certainly after the reading the result.
Maybe one more time before the end of the show because we don't want to get those anti-pulled people really all whipped up.
Like that, more on a couple of calls back.
Who is looking for a place for white people?
See, there shouldn't be an organization for black people.
There shouldn't be an organization for white people.
There shouldn't be an organization for Spanish people.
Right.
Jewish people for Arab people.
How about people people?
How about just generally people people, organizations for people that need help to be getting a heft out for whatever reason?
Okay.
Maybe somebody's picking on your ass.
Spicking on my ass?
Yeah, like that.
Or maybe somebody's going to speak the right language or something like that.
All the inventions that people come up with to divide and conquer.
That's what it's all about.
How can we divide it?
Like all this religious crap.
And even within the proof of the pudding and that is that even within the religions like the Jews, you got your three parts of the Jewish religion.
You reformed your Orthodox and your conservative.
You make believe.
There's only one kind of Christian.
And there's aigh the abidian.
You got your Methodist and your Lutherans and the Presbyterians and the Southern Baptist and the Farrbyssin and Goyam and whatever.
So sad.
Oh, look at this.
Another one of these anti-presstory.
Well, I'm always ready for an anti-presstory.
A Smithville, Texas priest that charged with drunk driving.
After crashing the pickup truck, he was driving into a restaurant.
Father Carol, that's Ke-E-R-E-L.
By the way, don't get smart.
Father Carol Fink, the pastor of St. Paul Perish, the court of the diocese of Austin, was arrested Monday night for a DWI.
From the outside, plywood covers up the physical damage to the lock-up-biner restaurant, but broken tables, chairs, and overturned booths inside telemusts, scary, or emotional story.
Fink crashed into the restaurant, according to the diocese of on 7 p.m. Monday night.
Restaurant owner, Gina Kronis, says everyone was in shock.
I was limited.
I didn't know that he'd been drinking Kronis, said, obviously I didn't know he had problems.
Personally, it was a shock to me to find out that it was our father.
Hey, father!
You drunk.
You drunk an old, fagged father.
Six people were injured in food and Christie and megan mick.
Everyone was screaming, glass was flying megan mick, said, no one knew what was happening.
People were on the floor and stuck and yelling, it was really scary.
We didn't know who was a bomb or what it was at first.
Probably a terrorist attack.
Christie mick said, I just remember the glass flying in my kid screaming at us, moving across the restaurant.
Inside the pickup truck, Fink was found with his pants off.
Oh, here's the best part of this story.
Oh!
Yeah!
Now, what are he drove into the restaurant?
Inside the pickup truck, Fink was found with his pants off and magazines of new young men
sprawled on the floor and see the truck as well as an open-year-old skin moisturizer.
You're fair.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
According to the ICCs of Austin, the 61-year-old priest had just been released from rehab a few weeks ago after being treated for alcoholism.
TVA people were unable to speak to father Fink directly about what happened.
The ICCs said Bishop Gregory Ainin will decide what should happen next involving father Fink when he returns from an out-of-town trip.
The Catholic ICCs said father Fink was ordained in 1991 on the ICCs of Austin and has been passed in Smithville for more than nine years.
You're fair.
Nice going father.
Pictures of new young boys and a jar of moisturizer cream.
56705, 60-pound five, 60 on the horizon and singular wireless line.
Nice going father.
WDQA and hello.
Hello, new.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
I got a question for Joyezy.
They were calling when he's on someday, okay?
Good idea.
Yes, that's called rude and obnoxious.
Which is the stuff over there for the way.
But I'm doing a show today.
If you got a question for George, call him tomorrow, he'll be on all day.
Don't call him in the beginning, no, because I'll be there.
Do an important stuff.
Excraculated those ratings.
WDQA and hello.
I just want to let you know I've already forgiven father Fink, this is Jesus Christ.
So he calls all day.
Yeah, so.
So he's a chronic and he's a chronic crank and he sucks.
You'll get tired of him in a very short order if you're not ready.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Polly.
Glad to have you back.
Your breath of fresh air.
Yeah.
Now we got it.
Yeah, okay.
You could just smell that one.
Yeah, you could.
Mmm.
When a bombah.
WDQA and hello.
Hi.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Just goes to show you that last story you read about getting out of alcoholics anonymous
and then he up with a jar of cream.
Wow.
Hey, I have one question, sir.
It seems that this has become the Joyce and Backyard Hillbilly show.
And I think what the callers are trying to relay.
I've been a long time, long time, and always will be.
Because you are the best damn four hours still on A and Radio.
Yes, we are, yes.
But I just feel the show isn't as entertaining or funny as it used to be.
Well, of course it's not.
I'm not going to lie about that.
I'm not going to lie about that.
But then there's me and I'm mailing it in.
I'm doing whatever I can within the parameters of people that own this place of a lot of
still, which isn't much.
No, I agree.
I'm not accusing you of mailing it in.
But I just feel that something is simple.
Maybe you can play a bell sound, which is a bodily function, but not a far-stound.
I hear far-stound.
Okay, let me ask you this question.
Yes, sir.
How many far-stounds have you heard in your life?
Real or imaginable?
How many have you heard?
Billion.
Yeah.
So why is it necessary for the show to be entertained and be able to play far-stound?
It was your...
super timing that made you Neil Rogers that made us laugh when you threw one in there.
It's not the actual far-stound.
It's what made the Neil Rogers show absolutely hilarious.
Also, listen.
Hey, don't get me wrong.
I'm still going to listen because we all love you, Neil.
But I'm going to be honest with you.
I don't laugh like I used to and I just feel that Joyce has got her finger on it.
And I understand the paycheck, everything's cool.
I'm cool with that.
But I just think something as simple as, you know, the body sounds.
You know, a little far-stound here and there to make a little chuckle.
You're banging the same old bits over and over.
Sports, sports, sports.
Now you're going to see all the bits.
What's his face right?
So all sports, sports, sports.
That's why you have to have to pass.
Pretty soon we'll call you up and say, you know what?
Don't pass sports anymore.
You'll go, okay, we won't pass sports anymore.
You know, it just seems like...
I don't know.
I'm going to love to pass.
That's all.
Okay, come down.
That's correct.
He's upset.
I mean, you know, his points are valid.
And again, Joe Bell is, you know, he has no idea what he's doing here.
He has no concept.
I don't know how much he knows about sports, but he sure knows nothing about talk radio.
So he fits right in with the beesleys because they don't either.
But you know, she's tied our hands and our legs and our fingers and whatever.
And we can only do what we can do, you know.
And this guy, that's somebody who wants to hear.
You know, personally, it fends me bitterly.
We've had arguments about it.
You know, whether we can play those things or not.
Well, but if that's the difference between whether the show is entertaining or not, it
makes you laugh or not, that to me is very sad.
Okay?
Because once you've heard one fart sound, you've heard them all.
Well, I shouldn't have said that, should I?
Because they're, you know, they might be making new ones.
Oh, 1241, a Q.A.M.
Even loves Neil Rogers.
Absolutely.
You depressed me.
Say I write and then you always second guess me.
Oh, what a letdown.
You call my hand before I even get my back down.
And when I'm always on the main, you seem to get a bad wedding.
So when you depressed me, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, in a kitchen, you never thought, pre-mortem meals, so with your vision, you make it
to the point.
And when you're depressed, you make it to the point.
And when you're depressed me, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
1248, that's my song for South Florida.
I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
Oh, I'm always on the main, so why am I in love with you?
A handgun stolen from an exhibit during last week's commemoration of the 30th anniversary of Elvis Presley's death has been recovered.
Thank God. Do you feel better?
Already?
Surveillance video showed a man reaching into a display case at the Elvis after dark exhibited Graceland and removing a black 9mm Smith & Wesson pistol on the 14th El Catorce de Augusto.
Travis Brookins turned the gun over to police Monday after the theft was reported by news media.
Brookins said he was clearing portable toilets behind exhibit hall last Thursday when he found the gun in the muck.
On a way the weapon had been stolen, Brookins took it home and cleaned it.
You know what, everything with Elvis has got a toilet connected to it.
You know what I'm saying?
Two seems to have.
Yeah, I wonder if there's like a message there.
He called us and said he thinks he had the gun and brought it to us, Memphis Police, within a jury, Gwen said.
Gwen said he believes the thief may have accidentally dropped the gun into the toilet.
Of course, whoever dropped it wouldn't go in there, he said. Don't go there.
The theft was discovered Friday when a visitor noticed that a glass panel on the case was unfashioned and Graceland officials reviewed the video.
Tens of thousands of fans were Memphis last week for various ceremonies marking the anniversary of Elvis's death.
The king.
It was so sad.
And there was Priscilla on there with your good friend speaking of King, Larry King.
There was Priscilla, a mud buddy, who's made it into an industry, a cottage industry, her dead husband.
Poor Elvis, but thank God he died because now I'm making all the money, honey. That's what she's thinking.
She ain't saying that, but you know that's the case.
And that's the case where they stole the gun from, but they found in the toilet in the pile of crap.
819 votes, we're going to make 900, I believe Chris, and then you say 50?
Well, she'll create 50, so go for a 90.
No, you're asking for 850, okay? I'm not the one that's always, you know, I'm aiming short.
A youth at 800, from where I remember.
That was a joke.
When I said 800, we had like 785 or something like that, Mr. Hyatt shot.
You're the one that said, how come it took you so long to sell this certificate, Mr. Fagola?
That's what you said.
Exactly, yeah.
I don't know.
WQA and Hull.
To me?
It's you.
Anya, how you doing?
Good.
Hey, did you get the whole story on the Timothy thing from anybody?
Well, one guy called that he was like, incoherent. You can tell me.
Okay, well, basically, you know, one of the reporters uncovered that he had this car that, you know,
that this whatever Cadillac place gave him, when he was confronted with it, of course,
what did he do? He lied.
I mean, just like they all do.
So what happened is today, he came out and said, oh, I'm going to buy the car now.
Now, he won't disclose, nor will the dealer disclose what he's paying for it.
And also, the United States Union is going to tomorrow, I believe,
they're going to give them no confidence votes to try to get rid of them.
And they're also are going to probably be criminal charges filed against them.
All right.
Excellent.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
And also, what else did I want to talk about?
So, are you still an Obama fan?
Yes.
Yeah, I think, you know, I fact you're well-backed at.
I think Hillary's going to get the nod, unfortunately.
Yes.
I actually hope that I'm wrong.
And I also think that the Republicans are scared to death of Edward's or Obama.
Not that I really like Edward's all that much, but I like anyone they're scared of, you know?
Obama would be my pick right now if I had to vote.
And I'm telling to agree that America's not ready for a black president.
I don't know if they're ready for a woman, especially that bitch, but they're sure I'm ready for a black.
It's a racist freaking country man.
It is.
And I don't just agree with you there.
I mean, I'm just telling you how I feel, just like you feel.
And as far as Hillary goes, they want her to be the nominee so bad, because they can just run ad after ad, negative ad on her.
I mean, who's got more crap than her, seriously?
Now, she's crap on two legs if you ask me.
Yeah, and she's just really, you know, she's the same as the other people, as far as I go.
Just another politician looking out for the, you know, for her.
If her last name was Jones, I guarantee you she wouldn't get 10 votes.
You got that right.
Have a great day, pal.
You too.
So, yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
A lot of you people out there, big Hillary fans, too bad.
I'm not going to like sit here and pander to anybody.
It's just she, she leaves me limp.
Just like she leaves a bubble, limp, obviously.
Yeah.
That's what you meant.
Yeah.
But nobody can do it like.
Sorry, Rick Riley, we stole ad from Rick and so it's, what was the other way?
Do we have one other one?
Several, I think.
We do.
We have several things that I stole from Dick and Doug.
Well, you can solve any other one.
The Rick drops, you know.
Well, that was a stolen from them.
By the way, that person had called it on Tuesday about Stephanie Miller's deal and stuff.
I'm sure that's got to be the goddess.
I guess it's all in the same system over there in the same studio and any event.
Y'all, y'all.
Yeah, well, have a good time with it.
Sure.
And two by the end kind of no business.
WBQAM, hello.
Hello, Leo.
How you doing?
Yes.
Okay, Pali.
Quick question.
How could be a penis if there's no subordinate every time?
WBQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Leo?
Yes?
Huge tapes that I'm dying to hear.
One is the Crapitation tape.
That will answer your variation.
That's the greatest tape in the world.
Hold your breath.
And the other one is the China and the Mensen's.
Yeah, okay.
Well, listen, have a good VM pal.
It's a two hour.
Barbie's gone from Malibu to Manchuria.
That's right.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go.
We'll see which part of thean wars are getting more like this.
And then it depends on the ferry company.
Most accommodation.
The given happens to be 25 million?
93 Ford F-150 pick up in the driveway of his gable as a rental. He was then working
as a waiter at Joe Stonecrabbs in Miami Beach. Other people would pay the 50 bucks and move
on, but Coovin went to his brother, Palm Beach Gardens lawyer Spencer Coovin, and fought
back. You go, Coovin. That fight resulted in 48 pages of opinions about constitutional
law yesterday from the third district court of appeal in Miami. Perhaps Coovin can require
that all its houses be made of tiki-taki, and that they all look just the same, but
they can't mandate that its people are or do senior George Allen Schwartz wrote for
the panel. Nice go to Allen. The court said it was okay to ban commercial trucks from
city streets overnight, but not use those as personal vehicles. Crowgables is known for
a strict irregularity in the appearance of businesses and residences to create an upscale
plastic image. Spencer Coovin said the truck ordinance was driven by discrimination
out of aesthetics. It had entirely been with the classes as citizen and city officials
have felt drove that track of vehicle. They didn't want those people in the city at night
he said. City attorney Elizabeth Hernandez couldn't be reached for trauma. As for Loha Coovin
he graduated in May from St. Thomas School Law and now lives with his truck on Ritsey Venetian
Island. How do you like that with the Venetian? Yeah you go boys. Kick ass into gables, all
those blue nose, phony, valonious plastic A-holes. 837 votes on the poor. Does anybody care?
No. I do. I care a lot. Do you believe me? No. I don't.
How about you Q.A.M. Hello. My doctor Neil. Speaking. Hi Neil, hey Georgia. I'm actually
a first time caller, a long time listener. I'm sorry I said that. Yeah. I was just kind
of responding to the last caller. I'm actually also a white guy who's who actually likes
Obama too. I'm not that stupid. What does that mean? In other words you don't think white
people like Barack Obama? I don't know. I don't know. I think Democrats, you know,
a lot of them are going for Hillary. But I think she's a flip flopper. Yeah, she is.
I think I'm going to emphasize the flop part. I think she's just everything to all people.
You know, I think she's just convenience. But I think if I was supposed to vote today I think
I'd go for Obama too. Okay. Me too, Pally. So there's three white folks right there and I know
another one. So that's four and Georgia's five. What about Chris? Yeah, I would root for him.
You're not going to vote. Yeah, actually, and I told Georgia I'm thinking I'm probably
getting rid of the R and going for either a D or a U. We played a lot of party music.
What did he just say? Getting rid of the Republican? Yeah. And going for either a Democrat or a,
you know, independent, independent, I would have I could remember. Undecided, independent,
and same thing. A Democrat or a what was he saying? Here's the fact that says Neil,
the goddess does use one or two of your bits. He also said she learned from Neil Rogers
everything or a whole bunch or something that affect when she was in Florida. I haven't heard
your bits on Stephanie show. It says the fetus, the feed the feed is decent. The feces way more
informative than what five sixty has on early. I'll come back to five sixty when Rose is back.
I'll add up to actually look forward to Roger Rose Rogers' message. The rest of the
socket says, I sure hope he's not talking about it. The hump. Says the guy for the infromandage
is right on par with Goldstein. Unlistenable. He's not talking about Evan Cohen, I hope.
And his brother Marty Cohen, that's would be bad. Well, I haven't heard him. So I'm not going to
come at one with it. I even though he's invited me to rip him and ask, according to a Chris.
Correct. Why would I rip somebody and ask who I've never heard before just to please them?
Like that never happens around here? Who if I rip them? I never heard. I'm not saying
you. I'm saying like things are done. You know, nobody knows what they sound like.
I have never heard of him. He sounds like a good Jewish boy. He probably, you know, doesn't belong
on here. But that's beside the point. And then why do I say that? Because mostly we put people
on here who don't belong on here. You know what I mean? Like that. What are you trying to say?
I say we got a lot of crap on here and across the street they got almost nothing but crap.
Jesus, God. And if I hear boobs say small ball one more time, I'm going to shoot somebody in the
ball smaller, large, or medium. Good, Gally. Small ball. All these, oh, look at this.
Bodies of three men found in the house in Orange County, 40. Better check and make sure that Eric's okay.
I think they found out he's stiffed this on the story. And Cornus went up there and took
her a business. You think? No. Oh, I'm going to be fun though. When I'm not that we wish you any,
Yola, Eric, I still like Eric Eliza. Good guy. There's a lot for the show. He's always very
when he called the other day. He was going, whoa, he just wanted to make sure I realized that it was
Joshua's a liar, not him. All time. Lies.
WQA. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, man. Sorry to go back to this. But, uh, you remember a couple of years ago,
man, and the West Virginia school shootout, man. Remember this bum only donated $10,000.
Uh, big. And then, uh, and then he's throwing out $40,000, $50,000 on dog fighting.
Classic guy, man. Real classic guy. It came, it came from poverty and he made millions and millions
and he turned out to be a slime ball. Very sad. And I mean, that just, that just underlines it.
It makes it that much more pathetic. Legendary, Dylan coach, Otis Gray dies in 62. Remember,
I mean, just, it's just on the, oh, why are you here? Former dealer, football coach Otis Gray,
who led the Dylan Panthers to state championships in 86 and 89 passed away. There's a lot of
their lakes home due to complications from Colin Cancer. They, he was 62. Gray put used to his
time in his coach in 13 years of Dylan. He finished 1754. It turned the program into a national
power during the mid eighties with teams featuring several major colleges and NFL players.
Gray's team was blessed with standout such as NFL stars.
Future stars, Lions, and white Isaac Bruce. What about Gary Bruce?
Dylan made the playoffs from 1983 to 90 when he stayed championships in 86 and 89. The program
constantly appeared in national rankings and college pipelines to Michigan State,
Auburn, other big time schools formed. Michigan State. So what is Gray's dead? I don't know
who that was, but I guess now we do, right? And yeah, you don't care because it's a sports
thing. And if I, if I wouldn't have put that on there, we'd have had a rejoin on the next
break for Ken Maldon, breathlessly saying, oh, former dealer coach Otis Gray, I like that.
Not that I love Ken Maldon, but it was just so intuously embarrassing. The thing about
the Keynes moving to the Dolphin Stadium, everybody knew it. It was a foregone conclusion.
And it's clear once again, getting all whipped up, oh, we got to get that on because Neil had fat
bag. He won't talk about, I had it on before anybody else. Okay, when it became official,
we headed on within a matter of moments, just like when Nick Saban, when it was official,
that he was leaving and Hall and Asson turned it into his big fat ass to everybody else in town.
We headed on here first and everybody in the building's runner, how did we,
to Neil find that right online on the Sun Sentinel website if you'll think back to those days.
Remember that day I do. Sure do. And of course, the Humper back then, he forgot he was on our payroll.
He was busy doing it for ESPN, but not telling us. That was funny. You know, I mean, listen,
when you get paid by the pound, what do you expect? In fact, I bet you at Chris wishes he got paid
by the pound, don't you? Oh, yeah, definitely. WQAM, hello. Now, yes, sir. Hey, how you doing?
I think you should run for office. Yeah. To be the biggest homeowner. Okay, good. Thank you. WQAM,
hello. Daniel. You got a homeowner, sir. He's a way ahead of me. Yes, sir.
Hey, two things when Kenny leaves the morning sale, I think please,
to Bo Camper, forgive it on Stutter. I never recall him having a stutter before he
teamed up with Ken Bo Camper. But was he always that happy?
Salty was the only dad who had no, no, no, no, I mean, he was on FN, but my guy was that
thing during the show, but he just he stutter is when they were both on the air. I can't even
understand what they're saying. It should be the stutter. You're lucky. You're lucky, man.
Yeah. And secondly, that show can't go off the air fast enough. Let me put it in those terms.
I don't want to like, you know, rip a guy when he's down, but that show can't leave fast enough.
Exactly. That was a very well creation, by the way. Nice going, fat Joe. Go ahead, sir.
And said to get he's doing Godfather drops like you do with the, I was making my bones.
Yeah, I remember the time.
Oh my god, he's another one that morning show. It was a young Ron show, whatever it is.
Yeah, he ever get that wrong. Okay, you see everybody's a wannabe.
You know what I mean? Where are they? I don't know.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in Singular wireless line. I'm going to tell you one thing since we are taking calls again
and we'll be doing it on this show all the time, whether you like it or not.
One thing I don't want to hear anymore of this crap about, well, you know, you can't do this if you want to
wallow in misery, go right ahead. If you can't deal without hearing the far end, what I would do is go out and get some bean burritos
and sit in the corner somewhere and fart your brains out. Okay, hopefully you'll buy yourself.
Do what in the corner? Fart your brains out or smit your brains out, which eventually probably happened too.
Hopefully without your pantaloonies on, but then hopefully not in the corner.
But I mean, give me your all and just think of that. I have come up with the answer.
The one thing that we shouldn't need and I love it. Because every time I ate it, it gives me,
it just tears my stomach. In fact, when I had that incident in Amsterdam, which I don't want to get too graphic,
I had just had a bowl of French and in soup.
I don't you love that? With the worst cheese in the bowl. Oh, yeah.
I had it three times in Montreal over the weekend. The soup thing is, and I'm going to tell you, I had some near
misses in the near misses.
Did you know that Johnny Carson, if Ab Calaway's baby to stay slim, where'd you have I? I read it in the toilet.
Sure is, I don't want to know. Did you know there's a place just six feet under the earth where you go when you die?
Where did you pick that up? I picked it up in the toilet. Here's what you'll find in the toilet.
This way. Princess Dig gave birth to a 65-amp show horse. John Kennedy's come back in a spaceship
with a super new diet. Bird is dating John Hinkley to make Warren jealous. I'm sleeping with
John Collins and I don't even know it. Where did you read that? Is the toilet? The national toilet.
Put a quarter in the slime and we'll light the world for you.
Welcome. 18 at 560 WDQM we got 849 votes. We're going to make the 900 fat. So how do you like that?
I'm happy. You were pretty unnegative. 848 excuse me for exaggerating. I think let's see,
it's the end of August. We got September October. And four months, you're in a third of this and then
I'm done. I just decided that during the break, you know. Of course I can change my mind, but I don't
think so. Okay. Okay. What? I acknowledged. I mean, whatever you think. I mean, that's just what
I'm thinking right now. I could be on Tuesday and say, do you sure? Guess what? I just
resigned for 20 more years. Yeah, I don't think so. Because we're in a rapidly diminishing world
that we're living and that we're working in and operating in. Do you know what I mean by that?
In other words, the universe is getting tinier and tinier and we between satellite radio and
all the other stuff that's going on. It's just we're we're yeah, and of course the fact that
this nation doesn't promote. I mean, if all the time is in the history of radio to just go into
a cocoon and come up with this, well, we lose our ass. We're losing millions out of the marlins as
a lame excuse not to promote when all these other things are coming on. It's pretty pathetic.
Not that I'm complaining you understand. Like I said, I'm not going to wattle in misery like some
of the colors. Oh, gee, if we could just hear the fart sounds. That was that was so sad.
Maybe we could mail some farts in. How's that? Remember when they were doing those samples?
Samples in the mail. Yes, just just smear a little in the envelope baby and watch the mail man's
they were swooning over here. A top-tile man commander said I'll cut a mastermind. Osama Yamama
Bin Laden is alive and well. All praise to beat to Allah. He's extremely healthy and active. The
commander, Mansur Dada Dada Dada said in the video interview according to way transcript of the
videos English subtitle translation released this week by the analyst Intel Center. Dada Dada
Dada who's brother Mullah Dada Dada was also a that's the truth like Wolley Bulley. Mullah Dada
Dada was also a top commander in the Afghanistan based militants and was killed this year. So he'd
been contacted by Bin Laden. I received a message from him and he advised me I must follow Mullah
Dada Dada Dada Dada. Continue the same activities so the Mujahiddin may not weaken. That'll be for the
proof for the time. Excellent job WD. I'm catching all these people. All of these things WDQA Am hello.
I know. Yes sir. With or without fart sounds you're breath of air. Yeah breath of hot air.
Hey who did you say died? Don't be great. I don't be great. In the improad or or
or Otis. Otis great. Don't be a smart ass man. The guy died. I mean he's still warm a little bit
of it. Neil by the way on another subject. Coral Gable. Please. I hate those pseudo snobs in the
Gable because they're not real snob. Not even rich enough to be snob but the thing is that I've
always I've always wanted something to challenge that law about pickup truck however I will say this
I hate boat hole and I hate people with boats in the front yard. You know why? My neighbor has one
and he's always running the engine you know like like he's showing off you know I mean.
Running the engine of his boat in the yard. He does. He puts a hose in it and the end. Yeah I'm
I'm ready to put the hose in it. Yeah I shoot as I ask. 852 we're going to make that 900 I think. We
like goening a little bit. You can do it. Don't count those boats before they all come in baby. I
mean I mean we did top your 850 that you were predicting we still got 39 minutes to go dammit.
Case you missed our big restaurant extravaganza in New today. We what was it 10 minutes?
Correct. We sold off the certificates for JBs in 10 minutes. Well I was granted of course George
raping about the great food didn't hurt either. Now didn't you eat anything or why? Yeah I had
the chicken and three cheese pizza that he had and I think it was a turkey club on a pretzel roll and
blah blah blah. Jesus Christ are you a cow? God yeah. WQA and hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir.
I'm okay how are you? Good regarding Michael Vick I have already forgiven him I am Jesus.
Yeah okay great you're right WQA and hello. I Neil. Yes sir. You're a homo. No.
Wow and you're an A-hole. I like that it's a career. Nothing I hate worse than name collars sir.
You A-hole WQA and hello. Taylor, that's the ball away. WQA and hello. Neil? Yes. How you doing buddy?
Okay. This is the quarter slide guy. Are you going to let you know I'm going back to Vegas next
month I'm excited about it. Oh I take a whole bag of quarters with it then. I will. Yeah
I know this is my field. I think you hear a grown man cry back. Okay yeah. Stay there by the way sir
stay there. That's the guy to you know with the quarters and Vegas and the slots and the
bit of a bit of a bit of a typical typical South Florida big player man. Heavy duty. Play the pennies
baby they got real fortune pennies and two pennies now. Of course you got to play like about two bucks
every every time you hit the thing but then you get patent vana on there. Oh congratulations you've
got a spin. Oh about you know I think that's a good reason for my riff into a dive you know at the
fact he invented real fortune even though I have liked the TV show for many many years I don't watch
it no more. Nope. No. I'm off it. I sure as I'll go watch Jeopardy. The answer is oh what a
thing. I can't. I'm sorry you don't know any of the answers so what's the point? I don't I'm not
only going to know the answers I don't want to know the answers our category is douche boxes for a
400 you know I mean what is that how about music boxes. Remember in the end of the movie pin
yeah and he has to play the music box right remember that sure that's a good movie that's Canadian
by the way Canadian movie I had no idea well then I need to do it I thought for the 400 time at the
end it was like film the somewhere somewhere in Canadian pin why do you pinheads out there might
enjoy that and I wonder what Rick Weaver I don't think I have it though oh yes I do what has
said to pin you dummy why do we miss Rick Weaver I never thought I'd say that well I have said
him anytime he was good he was great play by play man probably before your time Chris am I right
Rick Weaver I remember him a little bit not too much of it he was good he was not a good human
being but he was very good on here he was until he started you know forgetting when you start
getting old and feeble not knowing who the players are anymore and like calling a wrong all
wrong stuff then it's probably time to hang it up I remember when I would be kind of like forced
him into retirement hey Rick guess what retire he like that he did and then he went to Mississippi
didn't he do something with like some hankies and everything he did the white hankies on
originally that for the doll fans yeah he he was you know he was one of those guys was real
broadcasting not a dumb ex-jocke like Jimmy Cifilis or like Randy Red Deer Moore or people like
that that now they pretend proof you're a broadcast you're gonna do play by play it is so insulting
and the fact that this jerk this grinds begin in the pump each post retracted his blog
molded decision of another damn panther moving changed it to on second thought give him all
well you talk about somebody getting to somebody wow as transparent as a painter glass as an
a pain in the ass brine begin I'll say it again begin you suck pathetic and typical and that's
the other reason why we need more south Florida sports writers on the air when when when do any
of them actually say anything besides show for the organization wonder they actually come out
and say something huh yes you need I'm asking anybody anybody with an answer to that wonder
they need to come out and tell it like it is 26 how many years since the adults made the playoffs
45 80 hundred years Chris I think it's been five yeah five
Chris how many years since the panthers made the playoffs 600 so before he was a baby yeah
and of course the heat they had that one fluke you know and it won't happen again
anytime soon you want to know why he just turned 80 they're gonna win it again have a
ask me if I care I know you care but I have a heart or a liver
oh come in come in welcome to the mold how did they even advertise an agency of Florida
yes the Mike company's developed title implants for democrats and I'm looking for a way to
market places they know most they know mold let mold develop your marketing campaign
oh yeah sit down shop and get the straight see our research shows that radio spots are
more effective in selling a product that's very this is with so full ring did you say yeah
yeah that's me it's a so full ring they should sound and poke don't it
and yeah people are calling all over the world about your product
yeah let me lay something on okay and the other thing we always say it's the real did a deal
what's that mean I came out that a was to say that and a real thing and something but this
will hear right okay yeah we got a guy on staff who says it like we oh deal says it all
this but with production costs announcing fees I love this for you we don't have to pay for that
I was thinking about targeting Miami Miami why that calls for salsa music yeah salsa music it's
the best way to pander the cubans that's all them cubans know for some it's a toast tap and
what is it one thirty two at five sixty w here's a fast from harry and hi alia
harry says nea want to Stephanie Miller's list is from Miami center to lyric king drop so
isn't that great some of the recorded off of the show and they're sending to whoever she is
she had no idea they came from your shows as harry and Stephanie is not affiliated with
skieramer because she's indicated by the Jones radio network as far as Randy goes
only drops you place from you is the no drop no drop as if we're here thank you harry and hi alia
for a great cubic service 864 votes I don't think we're gonna get the 900 and you know what I'm
not pushing it don't put you did a great job no we did a great job on the restaurant certificates
oh yeah that's the important thing ten minutes for less that is the important thing because it's
got a commercial connection to it and it's a good meals for a lot of people out there and they're
like that and us and for us wq i m hello for you q a m hello niel yes sir hi um i'm well what
did i mention a couple things uh have you ever seen the movie Miller crossing yes movie yes good
movie did you know yes yeah so it's you know a lot of good lines in that but anyway second thing
you talk about french onion soup right yes when you're when you're eating it you go to a good
place to get the cheese of kind of stretchy right so you go and you get a spoonful of cheese and
you lift it up and pretty soon it's over your head and you're like trying to wheel it around and
yeah okay well listen have a good time doing it five six seven oh five sixty pump five sixty
you know i'm jealous you get the good colors you know i have to pump those numbers and uh i never
get calls like that yeah i get the uh intellectual colors and never think i said that time when you
get yeah i was a mere you i get the intellectual color choose you funny skull i ever had or you ever
wq a m hello hola niel yes i want to miss you you have in colon does it have a nice thing
or so you have to stock off the phone then maybe we can understand you probably just as well wq a m
hello hello yes hey you know how you're doing okay um just wanted to compliment you my friend brother and
i love your show and we think when you read your reading voices excellent you have an
technical reading etiquette and sound pretty etiquette yeah and toilet etiquette
yeah so you sound great and maybe one day you can help you like the fact
you know help me what i couldn't i i don't know i don't know i have no idea i think it's crank no
do you are just such a skeptic eight sixty eight in the pool we need thirty two and twenty six
minutes i mean it's doable but i'm just i'm just gonna pretend i don't really care you know
and i don't let me the q a m hello what's up buddy yes sir may robney boys and where were
yeah amen to that wq a m hello i have boys and buried preserved spread across my
rectum well good have a good lunch wq a m hello hey no yes sir hey you're the best buddy yeah i know
he's called our terrible what do you mean by that all that terrible well i got to ask you
what do you got a lot to do what i got i want yours to come clean with the luchilo face show
you would love to hear that that was the funniest thing she laughing about his uncircuitized member
you were correct again this is a third call from this yeah i want him to tell you the truth
i want the truth you know right truth about what i don't i don't make a point of him yes
there about his member one way or the other okay i couldn't care less not interested okay but
yeah obviously this guy's got a great interest in the process of a picture if you know the price is
right yeah one of the members only guys i don't know wouldn't surprise me five six seven it does
get a little ponderous you right though because they get out of one thing and it's over and over
and over and over not that the repetitious raising like that five six seven oh five sixty and
pound five sixty in the horizon and singular wireless lines and right i think the reason might be
i have no luck could be it it starts there they're like you they're like victim of circumstance
q a m hello although unlike them victim of size yes keep busy yeah yes is it true
that every time you pass guys it feels like better ever
w a m hello colors every minute it's like blah blah blah blah they don't even get nowhere
up higher than Michael vick or Uncle Barma you have your pulse on everything and they got a
video for that song they read a book song Neil you're always on top of stuff you're on top of the
90 okay well get off of it okay i'm on top of it that's the same guy to call before i'm on
top of this i'm on top of the dolphins they're different guys in the same will lose some weight
is in my ass yeah i'm on top of old smoky i say that uh right now eight seventy two we need
twenty eight votes in twenty four minutes it's doable to get to nine hundred and the way this
service sponsor's been today of course it is the uh twenty third of our story you know now the kids
you tell me are back in school yep now already yep Monday at least in broad this past Monday yep
so what's the excuse then i ain't got no what's the excuse for soft floor it's just the usual
excuse we ain't got nothing we i have no life we got no material we have no opinion nothing to say
about anything that anybody uh subhuman might even want to hear Barack Obama making a big
picture in South Carolina i'm talking to some of the teachers here and they said they want to
focus on the positive and not necessarily that what do you want that don't look like Barack Obama
to me looks like some other dark-complexive guy imposter most clear it's stop rejoins okay now you
got caught by that too the other day right yeah i imagined it to him and what do you say
so five sports sports sports you got to do it sports seriously this man is so stupid so ignorant
so pathetic so in person so non-radio-ish that it's just uh it's beyond description i think i
just did a good job though we need twenty one votes in the eight ten minutes it's got to be
different talk dogs sees from cages and vicks backyard has until five p.m. eastern to do so
animal rights groups say that the ownership of the dogs isn't in question and they don't expect
people coming forward but the groups are backing federal prosecutors and seeking
use in Asia for the fifty three pit bulls in the name of compassion and public safety
it gets expected to plead guilty Monday to federal dog by price ass baby fray his ass but you know
those pit bulls are awfully mean yeah now that was a classic call i wish you uh i bet you wish
you would have had that one i do i wish uh maybe he'll call again tomorrow and say the same thing
we can only pray w-k-y-m hello hello yes sir let's talk to you about the uh
television shows from canada that's like candid camera and i don't know the name of it but it seems
like the canadiens have a much better sense of humor than we do in our legit society
do you know what i'm talking about yeah i say i don't know what the name of it is but i've seen it
it's great i know and they actually get away with a lot more than i think they ever would down here
right uh and i what only know it's fitting its shot down it's real beautiful city but you know
you see all Frank's like that down here and lighten everybody up okay see around a
yeah they do have a great sense of humor five six seven oh five sixty and of course they love
when George Bush was calling Stephen Harper Steve they love that uh maybe before somebody whisper
there uh he calls himself Stephen nobody calls him Steve you idiot you moron you civil and you
bozo it's kind of like when he was like patten the adjerman the chancellor there what uh i'm on
the shoulders you know and grabbing the squeeze and the rest um-hmm eight seventy nine what do you
think i want a true answer here Chris we need twenty votes in sixty minutes we can do this this
will be well it's a real test after living in south Florida i've become so disenchanted i can't
wait to leave two thirty three uh angrier one fifty nine a big at one twenty two an alcoholic
ninety ninety eight ecstatic seventy six on employee forty five bilingual forty three suicidal
thirty six a drug addict thirty four and gay thirty four gay from living in south Florida well
you know it rubs off they do twenty more hoats in uh sixty minutes for nine hundred that is not
for no thousand those are the salad days baby back when we had an audience the bdq a m hello
hey new hoi buddy okay sir how you doing what are you gonna say about the question one
wq a m hello hey you know yes hey there's a thrift store in hollywood a thrift shop that has those
brown polyester pants and white dress shirts that you love to wear yeah i just thought i left you now
oh good i'm always worried about i'm always worried about my wardrobe you know
wq a m a whole line hello hello yes sir oh hey new how you doing one first time
oh this one looks like you could play that uh michael victor with for a thing a couple minutes
how about i'll think about i'll kill i'll think about it for like well i don't know fifteen twenty
minutes still eight eighty on there i guess they're not going to come through for us i thought maybe
that was a eighty three we need seventeen votes in fifteen minutes barely more than one a minute
take a look at the minister rush to the computer is that what it is yeah nobody q a m hello
you know how you doing okay sir so what we're talking about jox before i got a situation for you to see
what you think of it i knew a guy in high school jox no none less he would go into shy when he came
out he would wrap his towel around low enough that his crack was showing and to see who was looking
at him and then it's correct yeah exactly course called him you know would you say that he was the
homo or you wanted to be you have to ask that question yeah see that's going about himself he didn't
want to admit it you know doctor i got this friend who's got a problem you know that kind of
video of course it sits him you know used to where the towel down around his kneecaps eight eighty
three on that world famous pool eight eighty four they're coming in one it's going to be really
a ten so i said you the ten page facts about what other north american union conspiracy and
exposed i know you just want to read this over oh god i wonder what's the one problem and
you would like to take up ten pages of the puzzle don't wait for my paper now i know there
were more welcome in for the rating party tomorrow more oddies thirty q a m hello
male yes sir yeah about that pool about living in south Florida turns you gay
i'm sure you're one of your people get back on a banana oh good news learn to speak english
smuck speak in english w.a. q.a. m hello you know it's funny what's that that a professional sports
team regardless of where they're at can hire an individual who has never done a single event in
their entire life that is correct like you know sick you're sick that's correct actually so
he's pretty and to do it because i can't really foresee like i can't imagine writing the check
and handing it to him and say i'm really paying for your experience and it just goes down as
another another great decision by your four of panthers right and and by the way another thing
is with michael vick i just want to put this out to you they always talk about how he's killing
out of the dish now he did that if he was so normal and and like some of these clowns are saying
they would all his money he could have just got himself like a little needle for a veterinarian
to put him down like you mainly yeah yeah yeah just have him he had to hang on he had to electrocute
him he should be thrown under the jail there you go he should be on to the train okay then we
can get out night train laying out of retirement i bet he's dead i'm sure he's dead dig night
train laying detour lines a hundred years ago fan patrick he's dead too former great lines broadcaster
he was a real radio announcer not like a ex-joc the jococracy baby i don't care what they've
job since as Howard co-stow had his thumb right on it even with that bad hair piece that was
even worse than most dot dot dot dot eight what was it eight ninety one can that be right on my
dream and then we just have a big burst on there died in two thousand two who did night train
land night train land fan patrick he's dead they want to win eight ninety one on the pole eight ninety
two on the pool sorry mr. hot shot i'm oh i hate it all just way ahead of you that's because i'm
in Canada with a good sense of humor wqa m hello hey with all these things and just you want to
wqa m hello Neil how are you today okay sir listen i found a new bit of Jerry's ice cream that's
put me into a coma every night since i found it i want to see if you uh
craze your way yeah do you like him the way now love it have you had it from been in juries
oh it's a been in juries thing i forget about that i'm off been in juries i'm very off my list
they came up with all these new flavors they all suck you know been in juries used to be great
and then they sold it to who do they sell it to lever uh you and lever somebody lever brothers
they stick soap in it or i think eight ninety two now you don't don't tell me there's people still
using soap guys still using soap out there do you think well i used soap i just used it in
liquid form you know what i'm talking about regular yeah bar soap bar soap oh my god
if you're using bar soap people long enough gay bar because the only reason you'd use it is
because you want to drop it like the goddess got his towel down around his ankles you know and he's
asking me is that the gay kind of no no in fact i think that mostly guys that take showers together
that sounds gay yeah yeah to me you know i know that these are macho guys that they're getting paid a
lot of money go out there and give me the ball give me the ball i think it sounds gay to me don't you
i do want to got a bunch of guys willingly get together and take showers naked together i mean it's
just like i told you that when they forced us that's right just like me just like in school when
they forced us to swim naked right they wouldn't have had to but i thought to myself all please stop
this after i graduate eight ninety seven three more votes we've got the nine hundred lick now i
feel like we've accomplished something today i know call me crazy crazy i know so speaking of
a Josh wants to know if you've sent him six things today oh i'm not listen i don't know i don't
care i whatever whatever he got me i'm gonna be sending more later obviously it's only like
not even two o'clock yet he just said he felt bad about it so he want to make sure he shouldn't
feel bad about it after calling erica lyryn and ericaald him a lyryn all these the two guys
bop bop bop bop bop bop bop yaw over what over a bunch of new stories on our website which almost
nobody reads anyway because they don't care about that stuff and i used to sit here read that stuff
on the air every day you see the fact that i've stopped reading the news stories if they really
cared about this stuff we'd have a big spike you know what i mean by that we'd have a big goose
on the website as far as people read this stories have we had that no absolutely not
Because all the stories that I would ordinarily sit here reading and wasting your time and
I mean things that people probably ought to care about and find very interesting and the
educational and the provocative and thought provoking and blah blah blah blah and they don't.
Like I'm going to change human nature, see that's why I'm stupid.
I should learn this long time ago.
But then on the other hand, I've been working two days a week for all summer long and I've
still got two more weeks after this week of this grant until the 10th of September.
So how stupid could I be, right?
Slifer.
Yeah.
Josh says he doesn't have internet at his house so he needs all the stories by five and
you could do that.
Please, thanks.
Yeah, snap it up with just like.
Tell him I'm male of two of them.
I'm male in the show and I'm male in the mystery.
Jesus, God Almighty.
I'll handle it.
901, let's hear it.
Let's hear it for Chris.
Congratulations.
901, we did it.
We sold out those certificates in 10 minutes or less.
I think it was a lot less because we only see we got screwed on at or at least I did because
it was really only two minutes.
And then we had one phony baloney out there with a bogus credit card or something like that.
Bogus.
Bogus.
Bogus, yeah, probably someone jack asked the question, probably stewed God.
Probably stewed God.
Tell us that he's got restaurants from like 16 years ago that they still haven't sold
out.
And even if they're good places, it's kind of hard to start when you ain't got no audience.
Stewed God's.
Talk about airs.
Airs.
That's stewed God's.
Another makefully broadcaster which we have so many in this market including so many
on this radio station, but we got the real advantage back to a clock.
Thank God.
It's Steve.
Oh, my early town.
Oh, at 560 WQ.
A.S.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
I like reading the sports section.
I like readin' the sports section too.
The paper's better used in the computer.
You can read the paper on a toylin'.
I acting like computers cause what's it got to do with sports?
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
Sports.
We got a girl in here.
Yeah, a girl.
Hello.
See, we're straight.
That's a girl.
Girls are okay.
But I'd rather stare blankly ahead and just talk about sports.
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sportsGEF
Next day, stay home, all alone.
Bye, bye, bye!
