Absolutely.
OOOH!
I'm crazy now!
I want to win!
You ain't cheap, or that quite like gravy!
With Dufairi!
Please, the football player do a silent wall of meat!
The kind of guy that I want to do
That's good to go to eat!
I want to give him the one a day!
But there's no chance at all!
So does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the ball!
Absolutely.
Wow!
Look at that kid!
He's waiting on that toy that I gravy with!
OOOH!
Huh?
I've got a high energy screen,
and I hope the C is both!
I can do what I want!
But I ain't gonna never get none!
Rack them!
No need days of a business school!
Okay, that's not so great!
But I'm going to know that it's not me!
At least until it's 28!
Oh my god!
I'm crazy now!
I want some wings!
You ain't cheap, or that quite like gravy!
With Dufairi!
Wow!
Look at that kid!
You ain't cheap, or that quite like gravy!
With Dufairi!
Draft this!
OOOH!
Okay, 10-02, my brother.
I get home on Saturday from a plunging from another nasty day at Woodbine,
where they separated me from my money,
just like a shoehorn, in Wollard.
And I get home from that, and I turn on the TV,
and of course, what's the first thing I turn on the sports network,
being in the big sports fan that I am.
And there's the, of course, the Cure ESPN,
because they're owned by ESPN now.
And there's the drafting, and who's on the screen,
but Brady Quinn sitting there with his very margin
looking blonde girlfriend?
I got news for you.
He could have probably picked a boyfriend that looked pretty
or didn't cheat it, but nevertheless,
firstly looking away he does.
But anyway, and they're going on,
and then what are we getting ready for?
Miami's going to pick number nine,
and I'm thinking, alright!
Alright!
Is if I really cared.
Do you think I cared?
About what?
Is the thing that amazes me.
I had one of our my space people over the weekend,
the semi-sci-report that Mad Dog is sitting there,
just at that moment.
The same moment I was watching,
like a simultaneous spasm.
And he's saying on our air,
he's saying, oh, Nier Raj is going to get all our sighted now.
He's going to become the biggest dolphin fan ever.
Just as they were about to announce,
Ted Ginn.
What?
Ted Ginn.
Sounds like the mighty Quinn.
Rhymes with it.
He's not the kid that's got the food injury
that's going to miss some mini-campusy.
Chris?
He's going to miss this very first one, yeah.
Yeah.
Got an unhealed food injury.
And what kind of a name is Cam Cameron anyway?
That sounds make-believe to me.
It sounds like Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent.
Cam Cameron.
Does anybody really got a name like that?
And you know something?
When you coach this organization,
you ought to make up a phony name.
That would have been a bad idea, right?
What?
So George is going to analyze the draft force now.
Let us know if he's pleased or...
Is it over?
I really don't care whether it's on or it's over or it's off.
All I know is that before,
I watched the few minutes before they made the pick.
And then I watched afterward,
and I thought Steve Young was going to commit suicide right there.
He was going to do a hard beer right on the air.
He was psychotic, Steve.
And I think probably because he's got the hot-ster Brady Quinn,
but nevertheless,
a lot of rumors about Steve Young,
then they married him off, you know,
just like they married these guys all off eventually,
sooner or later.
Because it's good for business, you know what I mean?
It's bad for business when those rumors...
Yeah, when those kind of rumors are going around.
So anyway, so that's the deal.
And so we're doing a poll on that today.
And I'm amazed that we don't have like 5,000 votes in it already.
We got 7.61.
We'll get 1,000 today, Chris,
but not the kind of response I expect.
And that's because most of our audience probably doesn't give a crap.
Because we have all that.
We don't care about sports crowd, you know?
And I noticed that even some of the died in the world
of all fans, lifelong doll fans are getting the wool pulled over their eyes.
You'd be... well, I read you that one line this morning, you know,
from one of the emails.
I don't want to say who.
I don't want to say who it was from because I don't want to embarrass him.
I forgot already, so...
Good, that's good.
I don't think I heard you in the first place.
I want to refresh your memory.
I trust them. They know what they're doing.
Oh, that!
You know what that would be like?
That would be like my saying,
I trust the beesleaves.
They know what they're doing.
I don't like that, yeah.
Hey, listen, it's only been, what, 35 years, something like that, 34 years.
Being a dolphin fan is like being a Toronto Me Believe fan.
All your greatest, all your glory is in the past.
Glory.
Mm-hmm.
In the distant past.
So you're living in the past.
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if there's some old Meade Believe game on right now.
I'm glad we got to the 18th and the 12th and that's believe.
As they try to set up Walton and the clear, that's better.
Oh, there you go.
It's the Leafs and the Red Wings from 100 years ago.
Back when the Leafs were winning a few games and won four Stanley Cuffs.
Well, that's as many years ago, just like one of the dolphins, one of the fins and one of the super balls.
But that's okay.
You people keep buying up the BS and I'm happy for it.
Oh.
7th and 7th of the end, I pull so far and I'm really amazed.
Because a lot of people, you know, they buy into whatever they tell them.
And then they're, oh gee, oh my goodness, look how bad.
See, the one thing this organization needs, and even me, the non-sports guy,
I said when Marino hung it up as they needed to develop a young franchise quarterback,
who's going to be the star quarterback to lead them, to lead their destiny for years to come.
And that's what all these other experts were saying on the panel there.
Who are some of those experts on there?
Chris, all those ESPN analysts, who were they?
Well, of course, Mel Kiper would know.
Mel Kiper, who of course, there's no my answer from his elbow.
Mel Kiper, he was foaming at them up and Chris Burman, I thought, was going to start showing Halavod everybody.
Wow, he was pissed off.
And Steve Young and who else?
Mel Kiper, who said that Ryan Leif was going to be better than Peyton Manning.
Ryan Leif.
Oh, brother.
Whatever happened to her, by the way, Ryan Leif, turning over a new leaf.
I think he's a quarterback coach or something.
I think he's the sound of my halavoy in Jerusalem now.
As the standoff between President Bush and Congress continues to wash and violence in Iraq,
escalates as the death toll of American soldiers in civilian months.
How about those heats?
Don't start with the anti-sports stuff now just because Miami's fallen on hard times.
You know, they won the championship last year and yesterday.
Wow, they gagged and choked there at the end of that fourth quarter.
You could have, I got home in time to see that too.
I'm sorry.
What, you're sorry, what?
That you had to watch that.
Now, how much did you think I watched of it?
About 10 seconds.
Actually, it wasn't watching.
I was watching hockey at the time, I believe, or anything else.
But I turned over every now and then to see how much they were losing by.
And it was five and then it was seven.
And then it was nine and it was twelve.
And they just pulled it up like an accordion there at the end.
By the way, does he ever make a free-throw or what?
Is it just like the Wilts Chamberlain thing?
I think he just turned it off.
I didn't feel like playing.
Is that what it is? Well, maybe he just wasn't in the mood.
Yeah.
Anyway, nine more Americans have died in Bush's failed wars as this surround Capitol Hill,
blue.
Now, let's see that thrown an opinion in their failed war.
That sounds like an editorial opinion to me, even though, of course, it's absolutely cruel.
Oh, just because it hasn't succeeded yet.
Come on now.
We haven't got the job done yet, but you just wait.
You hold your horses, maybe.
US forces fired in artillery barrage in southern Baghdad yesterday morning, rocking the Capitol
with loud explosions while the death toll from a suicide car bomb attack in the Shiaid Holy City of Carbala rose to 68.
They're dying like flies over there.
The blast in Baghdad came at after the US military announced the deaths of nine American troops, including four killed and separate roadside bombing south of Baghdad
and five in fighting and end bar province.
A soon-ean surgeon stronghold west of the Capitol.
They're dying like flies and the public says, hey, give me the ball.
Give me the ball.
Such really amazing stuff over the weekend.
I'm glad I missed it.
In fact, it was well worth losing my ass at what buy.
You think so?
What?
Before we get into the poll thing, this story that somebody faxed in.
Prosecutor and Detroit says cop forced couples to have sex.
A police sergeant has accused the polling couples over with his cruiser and forcing them to engage in sex acts while he watched, threatening them with penalties if they refused.
If they refused, he was going to penalize them.
Penalize them.
Sergeant Detroit sergeant Roosevelt Tidwell 39 played a knock-goat-y Thursday's events suspended from his job without pay.
What kind of a name is that? Roosevelt Tidwell.
He'd be a good athlete when you think when he'd be always 39, to well to be dragged in the draft.
That sounds like a real jock name, doesn't it? Roosevelt Tidwell?
It does.
A 21-year-old detroit woman told investigators that she and a male friend were driving through Chandler Park early February 7th when Detroit police officer pulled him over.
The officer took their ID and got in the back seat of her car, then told the male friend to perform a sex act on the woman according to court records.
He threatened them with a $500 ticket if they didn't according to court records.
Huh.
Kind of a pushy guy.
Roosevelt.
The woman said the officer also fondled her breast and forced her to faddle him.
His breast, or whatever.
The officer then told her to get out of the car, demanded her cell phone number.
Wayne County prosecutor Kim Warley said Tidwell later called the woman several times.
The woman secretly taped at least one call and gave the taped investigators two left in front of two other women in two men early April 14.
They told investigators the officer pulled up to the vehicle in a police car, took their ID and told them they could go to jail or perform sex acts while he watched.
The woman were told to perform sex acts on the two men and one couple was forced to add intercourse according to court records.
The victim said that the officer shown his flashlight on them.
They saw him masturbating when a second patrol car approached.
They said the officer told them to stop and be cool before waving to the patrol car away.
I'm just right at the end of the knock-yieldy pleated charges including five counts of first degree criminal sexual conduct.
Tidwell's being held in Wayne County, jail, and knew of a $1,000,000 bail.
Defense attorney Fred Walker arguing for a low-bale amount told Lockhart that Tidwell's been married 18 years and spent 22 years in the military and 12 years of the police department.
Tidwell also met voluntarily with the police department's internal affairs investigator several days ago.
Assistant prosecutor James Heath argued that internal affairs has received more complaints from the same park about the same time as the two incidents linked it to Tidwell.
These are not isolated incidents in the least he said this is an officer using his position of authority to clearly take advantage.
But that's unusual. The charges also include two counts of second degree criminal sexual conduct, four counts of extortion and two counts of misconduct and orifice.
More charges are possible that prosecutors office be saying like that.
Pulling them over and forcing them to engage in sex acts. This is graceful.
Of course there are a lot of people listening right now who only wish that they could be in that position but nevertheless, not sure which position, any position.
You know what I mean? You know the ones I'm talking about.
We hear from all the time. Probably hear from some of them today if we really like it.
Oh, you know it.
T-A-Y-S-U-C-K-N.
Uh-huh. I'm gonna fly.
Since I went to Congress, he tested five.
They'll give me five. Those eight girls now will loosen my job to one of my purchase.
Hard to swallow that boy. It's hard to swallow that boy. I'm leaving deleted my email.
Now my career is going to hell. It's hard to swallow that boy.
It's hard to swallow that boy.
I'm so screwed. I'm so screwed.
I'm so screwed. I'm so screwed.
I wonder if I can still get on with the city in California all along.
I look good in order to lose blue hair.
10, 17, at 5, 60, WNQM. So I'm sure everybody thinks I watched George Tenet on 60 minutes last night.
Do you watch it? No, I didn't. I didn't either.
How about you, Chris? You watched the George Tenet piece on 60 minutes last night about his book.
I wasn't home when 60 minutes was on. Well, that's good. Neither was I.
Or even if I was, I forgot about it. Maybe I was watching a hockey game or something like that.
Here's the poll from Friday.
Other than Florida, what's the last state you'd want to live in?
Now this was a real good contest, man. This was a race to the finish.
I mean, talk about a battle to the death. 1885 vote.
Talk about heavy duty. Alabama and Mississippi, man, with a red eye.
And Texas was in the running, but never quite, never quite made the grade.
Alabama 223, Mississippi 211. Texas 183, all in deep south.
Alaska 137, New York 126, North Dakota 93.
Louisiana 77 should have done a lot better than that. Well, what a horrible.
Who put the lose in Louisiana? I'll tell you who did it to people who lived there.
Utah 75, New Jersey 70. Boy, it stinks there, man. Have you ever been in Jersey?
Newark once briefly. Oh, wow.
Catching a plane. California, or just at the airport, then.
Yeah, that doesn't count. I've been. That would be like my son. I've been to London.
I've never been through a city. I've been in the airport. What a dump that is.
Oh, man, what a dumpy place that is. And you know what the other biggest problem
besides heat yours is a dump. You know what the thing, bad thing there is?
I give up too many breaths. I say California 48.
Arkansas 47, Kansas 40, Georgia 36. I got to read all these states.
This is going to take good till midnight. Oklahoma 35, Wyoming 32, West Virginia 32,
Nebraska 28, Idaho 25, South Carolina and Iowa had each 24.
I like Iowa, man. In fact, I like where was the brass gunness that I already read it?
Yeah, just read it. 28. I like the brass guy like Omaha just fine.
Tennessee 20, Michigan 20, Massachusetts 20, New Mexico 18 Kentucky and Arizona 17
degrees. As we get lower on the list, of course, that means more people want to live there.
Hawaii 16. You can't afford to live there. Most of you and I can.
I'm leaving right now. See I see on Waiki Beach.
South Dakota, Minnesota 15 to peace. North Carolina 14, Vermont 12, Montana, Colorado 11,
Virginia 10, Maine 10, Nevada 9, Indiana 8.
You know, sex is a lot like ice cream. You know that?
How so? Well, I was thinking the more that you get the more you want.
Indiana 8, Illinois 7, Delaware 7, Oregon, New Hampshire and Maryland 6
of peace, Connecticut 5, Washington, Rhode Island and Pennsylvania 4
of peace, Wisconsin 3 and Missouri as they did all the way through only had two votes.
They came in line. It's place which means everybody wants to move to Missouri.
I don't know what that's all about. I guess when you live in Florida, which most of the audience does,
Missouri is a loves company or something like I don't know. I'm going to stand it.
Why would Missouri be last? In other words, be the place where I don't get that.
Can you? I don't know. Wisconsin I can understand because they got a lot of beer and a lot of cheese
and a lot of cheeseheads. Pennsylvania, Rhode Island.
I don't know. I don't know anything about it.
About what, Rhode Island? I told you I was in New York.
I told you I was in New York. Park. That's the way I've ever been to Rhode Island.
I'm not a Rhodey. Okay, let's take a look at maybe a totty, but not a Rhodey.
Let's take a look at today's poll. Where is that Brady Quinn? Oh my gosh, all mighty.
Here's the poll. How pissed off for you that the dolphins didn't draft Brady Quinn?
832 votes. Well, we should have if we really were kicking ass like old-style,
you know, like we used to once upon a time, remember those days, don't you?
When we used to really be in radio. Oh, yeah.
We'd have 2,000 votes already. I mean, this is what everybody's talking about.
It's the water cooler, isn't it? That's why I decided to put a poll on there.
It was really timely. That really would get people's blood flowing in the, you know,
of course, it's South Florida. And it's 90 degrees in the shade.
Sonny and beautiful here, man. It looks like a great day for me to be doing the show outside.
I'm going to sit right out there on the downtown on Young Street.
I'm going to go to the Eaton Center to do the show. And you know, I'm going to be doing it to Eaton Center?
Eaton? That's it. I'm going to go to Bastard Robbins.
Now, I, you know, I did find a new flavor. I better not tell you this.
A new, uh, Briar's flavor. Yeah. Like caramel crunch or something like that.
And boy, it sounded so good. And the ingredients, caramel and crispy this.
And you read the ingredients on the label. It sounded like one of their.
And usually Briar's is pretty damn good. They make score, you know?
And this sucked. I still ate it though. That's the bad part. That was on Saturday, I believe.
If I can get my brain unscramble, I believe that was on Saturday.
And of course, I had a good excuse for that because I lost my acid woodbine.
And the dolphins didn't grab Brady Quinn. So I mean, Jesus.
And I knew the heat we're going to lose for in a row and get their ass beat yesterday.
So I mean, talk about the depths of the spare.
840 votes. How pissed off for you the dolphins passed on Brady Quinn.
And the sad part of it was I'm sure Chris, you are out there. No, you weren't there Saturday.
I was there yesterday, not Saturday. Were you watching on TV?
Uh, often on you. As the announcement came, he had the look of like, you know, he's trying to cover it up.
But he was so depressed and so, oh my God, poor Brady.
I felt so sorry. I wanted to put my hand on his shoulder to say, just calm down, pal.
It'll be just everything will be just fine. You know, I'm sure I thought you wanted his shoulder.
I beg your pardon? I'm sure that's all you wanted to do.
No, it was a good start though. You got to start somewhere.
I don't care. 309. That's our anti-sports crowd.
36.7% of the meal Roger's audience doesn't care.
Or it could be other people who are actually like me. I'm a football fan, but I don't care because, uh,
of them and dreared, you know, the dolphins. Not surprised. They suck 251.
How do you like that? But that's intempered. And I heard so much shilling this morning.
Even Kurt Schilling never saw so much shilling in his life as we had on that morning show this morning.
And how did we get so lucky to get OJ McDuffie back on the air?
Is that because of his point one that he had in the afternoon across the cross street in midday?
Okay. You want an explanation?
The one philosophy about this outfit we got now running QM.
Anybody who ever worked across the street, we're going to hire him.
Even the janitor, if he worked over to ticket man, we're going to get him.
I'll show you a thing or two. Okay. We got the best damn janitor.
I bet you're rich. The janitor is going to be really peeled when he shows up some morning.
Fine. Oh, you're not the janitor anymore. I used to work at the ticket. I got your job now, man.
Well, screw you. I agree with their choice.
A hundred. Hundred people are getting sold down the river again and just by, you know,
I trust them. They know what they're doing. Well, if you trust them, they know what they're doing.
How come they never make their playoffs? How come they wouldn't have won a Super Bowl even since Jesus was a baby?
I just asked those things and passing is somebody who pretends to be sympathetic and pretends to care whether they win two or three games.
And with a coach named Cam Cameron, how can they go wrong, right?
Then that's all like a comic book character. Yes, it does. Cam Cameron.
I'm happy. Brady Quinn blows 97. I have something I could say about that, but I need this job.
I'm psychotic 53 and ready to blow my brains out. 44.
Although not surprised they suck is the leading one after you don't care. That's not too good. Almost 30%.
But it's kind of a mixed bag, you know. And a lot of people, especially with a proper ganda, you're hearing on this radio station anymore.
You know, Kimba, for a big guy, he's so easy. The way he sold out, I was pretty upset after it happened. I heard Ted Gim.
Everybody was like forming at the mouth. In fact, I have a whose column did I got in here? Oh, yeah. Great code text from the hero.
He says the pick was a personal foul against the fans. How do you like that?
Greg Kotex, who doesn't know my answer from your elbow, but nevertheless, he rips them in ass.
A personal foul against the fans. And for once in your life, Greg, I'd have to say you are absolutely correct.
And not just because Brady Quinn is pretty, you know. And a lot of guys say, oh, well, he's overrated. He's not going to be so good.
We'll see. Not that Cleveland's going to be winning those super balls. Is that something to get picked 22nd?
Chris, that must have been a real blow to his ego, you know. Oh, of course.
22nd. Sit there, pick after, pick after, pick after, pick. And don't hear your own name. Although all the commentators on TV are like, they were jumping on the ceiling and on the walls. They were so psychotic.
Like man, Chris Burman was foaming at the mouth. I said, he was doing a danger left foamy spot. And they don't even, do they even still make you left foamy? I sure hope not as far as I know.
Well, what kind of guy is she with that old fashioned kind of shaving cream? If you don't show up at the show, huh? Like our barbersaw. There you go.
And there's old, what do you call those things? The shaving brush and the cushion. That's what I was thinking of the shaving brush and the barbersaw. And did you let blueblade would be good too?
You bet. Oh, yeah. The little razor. The fuel sharp. You know how you get those. Yeah. Of course.
Gay razor. Gay blade. That's it. Gay blade. 861 votes on our world famous poll. I wouldn't, I just can't believe that the public is that. Although it's South Florida, you know.
There used to be in beaten down and all this other stuff. There used to be in beaten up and screwed over and led down the garden path. But we'll shill. We'll shill so hard that it'll make our brains bleed. That's how much we want those dolphins, baby.
Kiss, baby. Yeah.
Paris, at a fancy nightclub, she leads her overcoat there. She calls to get the jacket back inside Paris's pockets. Something that is called a pocket rocket.
Paris, how often do you use your pocket rocket? A lot. I just think it's important. I make people feel better. You know what's coming I've been doing for years. It's so sick. Since you were six. I love it. Have any other sexual devices?
So it all turned into a dark sense.
That's what you want. One thing about Paris, she's almost attracted to Brady Quinn's pasty blonde girlfriend there that they kept showing the draft thing.
Not quite. Almost. Anyway, here's a couple of facts as one says and we're not, I'm not any of these things here. It says, can you add to the poll? I'm happy. But then again, I'm a jetz fan. See, I could, but I'm happy. I'm then again. I'm a Patriots fan. I hope we could put that on for all the other teams in the league. But we're not going to do that. Are we?
No. Also, here's one. Can you add to the poll? I was originally furious. We're good. We accepted. No, we can't do that. Then it says, and see, here's, this is call. And this is from university.
Dug must be from both campers. Boyfriend up the street there. It says 21 other teams passed on and there has to be a reason. Maybe because those teams needy on quarterback.
A franchise quarterback to like build a franchise around life that often's a need since we're going to hung it up and they've gone through a succession of really brutal, just pathetic.
Of course, they're thinking about getting Trent Green who just turned 85 in Kansas City. They're thinking maybe they might get him, but then again, they might not, you know, et cetera.
894 votes on that poll. I don't want to like sound like some kind of an expert because I, yeah, not going to change my life.
What? I think I care about it only marginally more than you do. Wow. People saying, oh, well, Neil Rogers is going to be all pissed off because he loves Brady Quinn. Yes. So what about it? I'm not going to be down there. I'm not going to go to no stupid games.
Am I going to get to meet him to take a shower with him in a locker room? Of course not. Although I'll be honest with you. I sure look a lot lovelier than that blonde headed. That's terrible. That's that. And I don't. I wish I did though.
I would like to take a shower with Brady Quinn. I would be nice, but I can go to Cleveland and do that. And that's a lot closer than Miami. You know what I never, I never thought about that. I can just hop on a highway and get the way to go right down there through Buffalo and the pew and Fredonia and Duncirk and get on the turn like or whatever.
I said, all right. You're right over to Cleveland. In fact, I don't want to go to Cleveland either. I was in that stadium once all of them to same stadium. Is it Chris? Did they have a new stadium in Cleveland? I don't know. How long ago were you there? Oh 1961. Oh, yeah, they have any stadium. This was old municipal stadium. Oh, brother in a winter time and it was snowing and freezing and everybody was passing the bottle of booze around in the bleachers because it was nasty. The NAACP held a symbolic funeral in Detroit 63 years ago for Jim Crow.
Where's that for Jim being the civil rights organization will do the same this summer for the N word the Reverend Wendell Anthony said yesterday they're going to bury the N word.
Yeah, that's right. They're going to bury it. Anthony present the civil rights organizations deep destroyed grants and members and supporters of the NAACP will conduct services and a eulogy for the racial slur.
The mock funeral will be held during the NAACP national conventions July 7 through 12 in Detroit. He said, what a better place to bury the N word than in Detroit. Oh, I could tell you stories about Detroit and none of them are really very pretty either just like the city not very pretty pretty depressing.
When in doubt, burn it down. We're committed to ending hate word and talk, Anthony said it doesn't do anyone any good whether it's a journalist on TV or a rapper on the radio.
Oh, look at that. We actually got into an alright. Let's hear it for Brian Schmutz. We finally got a piece of copy that we've needed for like a couple of weeks and we find a better late than ever.
Brian better late than ever boy. What happened to him? He got married. Isn't that what happened? Yeah, it's a sweetheart. So we can't blame her. What is that?
Maybe she won't put up with all his baby around on the side or stuff like that or maybe I don't know if you won't put up with hers. Anyway, the announcement comes on this bearing the N word if we can get back to that.
Please don't forget about Brian Schmutz. The announcement comes after we knew discussion nationally about racial insensitivity brought on by Don I'm a says derogatory comments about blood men, not black members of the Rutgers universities, women's basketball team, naphy headed hose.
And it says here I just didn't use the N word in those comments, but he did use a different word, naphy, right? How about a naphy, pappy? Okay.
Naphy headed hose. But was fired in early April by CBS radio and NBC after major companies including GM pulled their advertising spots like a leopard. They changed their spots. How about that spot we got for the heat playoff tickets?
Exactly. That's what I was saying when I heard it. I thought, uh huh. Now that corporate America's caught up, maybe something will happen. And he said we have to stop investing in stuff that is killing us.
Jim Crow was a systematic, mostly seven practice of discrimination against and segregation of blacks from the end of post-Sidler reconstruction into the middle of the middle of 20th century.
Yeah, in the mid 20th century, my ass, right? Whatever you say, here's another facts. It says, yeah, I already did not just get you saying that I had a spy report on this, but I'll read it again.
Oh, yeah, read it again. So happy. I'll read it again. It says I have a spy report from the draft coverage on Saturday on QA.
And Mad Dog said to the crowd, if Miami picks Brady Quinn, the O'Rages will become the biggest off and fan around after the crowd had no reaction.
Mad Dog said, man, that went over like a lead balloon. I would guess you didn't have too many fans in that crowd. It says they didn't even know what the hell that meant.
Or they probably didn't even know who the hell was. See that that's one of the reasons on the sports show is although at the ass end there, I noticed Kenny this morning was sucking up a little bit.
You know, oh, Neil's probably pretty upset about that. Oh, yeah, I'm real upset about it. Kenny, I'm real upset about the Brady Quinn up in on the dolphins.
Here you go. Grow up, you people. Grow up. So there was no crowd reaction to that. And you want to know why? Because it was a kind of a gay. Yeah, that's right.
And when you got a bunch of juxtapres around the last thing you want is making some kind of a gay reference in addition to which they didn't pick him anyhow.
And then you talk about the sounds of silence. Then everybody's jaw dropped to their ankle. It was one thing when your jaw drops to your knee.
Their jaw's dropped to their ankles to the ankle. The crowd at the dolphin thing, a boot. Now I know that. I was getting to that if you're just not stepping on my ankles.
They boot loudly and they were pissed off and fired up and they're all going, Brady, Brady and the cam camera got there and they boot his ass, baby.
And I don't think they were booing the choice of just that name. What kind of a name is that cam camera? It's like it's like it's like Rod Roddy. Remember him?
He was the announcer after Johnny Olsen was a pro. Price is right. Rod Roddy. Big fat. He used to wear those socks that he bought in Thailand. And the reason he used to go to Thailand according to Joey Reynolds told me back in the road. He was that he was gay. Yeah. Yeah.
He was buying more than silk suits in Thailand if he catch my drift. Follow what I'm saying. Yes, but you follow the bouncing balls. Okay. Rod Roddy. He weighed about 800 pounds. And now he's dead.
So Bob Barker is going to be tear like and tomorrow's the first to May. So I guess we can almost say next month, meaning in June. Bob Barker is probably going to hang up that microphone.
Oh, he survived Johnny Olsen and Rod Roddy and whoever the new stiff they got on there. I don't know who it is. Oh, there's George Tenor on there from...
I'd say slam dunk to go to war. Yeah, slam dunk this. Okay. Slam dunk. Too bad the heat didn't hear about that yesterday. Boy, they got slam dunked.
Things just don't look and do that. How the Marlins doing, by the way. Any interest in that Chris? Are they winning any games or what? How the Panthers doing the Heavilloster Playoff game this season are in a long time?
Exactly. They're playing the playoff, huh? Exactly. Marlins? Oh, they lost six to one, I believe. Oh, no. Oh, no. What a bad weekend in South Florida sports boys and girls. Panthers didn't get their playoffs. So they didn't win no game.
Marlins lost to them. Who would they play as today? Washington? No, I'm sorry. I thought I was a fill. Oh, the fill for the Philadelphia Phillies. They were hitless through like six and six.
Yeah, that's right. I heard that. I've seen that they got no hit or gone for six. And then in the heat of course got bushwacked. Oh, well, they really stuck the joint out there in the last few minutes of that game. They just collapsed like I said like an accordion.
Fold it up like a freaking accordion baby like a accordion shutters. And I shuttered a think at the hostility. In fact, when we come back, I'm going to read that great code text. Come pick was a personal foul against the fans. A personal foul. Don't you feel foul, George? Huh? Do you feel like you've been a big and just had orders and bacon you always used and I feel great. That's right. Who cares? 9-11 by the way.
9-100 left votes on the pool. So I guess you've even rest easy. We're going to make a thousand on this. I still say we ought to have 5,000 votes, but just like that thing about mad dog and that crowd. They don't know from me. They don't want nothing to do with me. Oh, that faggot. He's got the hots for that kid from Notre Dame. I want we we don't care about that. We don't care if he looks good. See, that's another thing. He's too pretty to play in the dolphins. Now, Marino, he wasn't a bad looking guy except for the lips. He had those remember, remember the Joker and Batman? Mm-hmm. Those are Danny Boy's lips. He's got very bizarre like a
like a Joker lips, you know, but he could throw them all a little bit. He could play a little Danny Boy and before he started doing those Nutri system spots. Boy, he's slimmed anyway. We've weighs about 6 pounds now. They got Danny in a in a jar now. Danny's like in a pickle jar. You know, those last sick pickle jars. I'm sure you do. Oh, yeah. Danny's hanging out in there right now until he gains a little weight back. Well, he maybe overdid a little bit like what's it in Christie alley? She lost 400 pounds. He's still a cow. Have you seen those spots? Yeah. Hey, Johnny. Yeah. Hey, Johnny. Yeah. Hey, Johnny. Yeah. Hey, Johnny. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to call up Jenny and tell her you look like a cow Christie. You. Oh, brother. You. You. You. Fairy. Well, she's a sign of the show. She's got an excuse. She's got issues 19 to 11 at 560 WQ. And let's take a quick look at that line of Mad Dog at Broken Sound today at 2 o'clock. What? What? What does that mean? Broken Sound? What? What is that? I don't know. Chris. No idea. Jim Mandage at Broken Sound. Huh? Mad Dog and Hemp Humper 4 to 5 in the power hour. Then Hank. Solo.
5 to 635. Don't let me forget we got that Derby thing coming up this weekend. I better do a little homework.
Home homework. Marlon's on Dec. 635. The Marlon's at the Met 705. Try to win a game or two. And then
a game that would educate 10 30 or right after the Marlon loss. A game.
Riddians done as church. Uh, Jimmy and Danny. Uh, Jimmy and Danny. Danny and Danny.
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
We have a mobile from uh, Miramar. Hello. Can you hear me? Okay. I got a question.
Go ahead. Jimmy and Danny's situation. I have. Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny.
David Wutley. Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Danny and Danny. Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny.
I'm gonna ask a more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley Alonzo Hotmans.
Wherever you fought and comes with its own frigid ad. 10 47 13 before 11 o'clock at 8 o'clock.
W.D. Q.A. and hello.
Witty Quinn line. Yes. Hi. Is this Q.A.M. Yes, sir. Very good. I'd like to get on the air. Talk with Boog.
Talk with Boog? Yeah. What are you talking about, man? I don't know.
It's a funny obviously. Boog? I know. Who's on the air right now. Is that Boog?
Let me ask you something. When's the last time you had a good ball movement?
I'm not sure. What is that? Yeah, well, go check. Because I think you're full of it.
Is Boog on now? That must have been Joel Feinberg. Very funny, Joel. What time is your show on?
So here's some inside information speaking of the radio business. All I don't forget Friday is the
book coming out. And don't worry, I trust this organization. Okay. I trust them to make the right
choices and the right decisions. Not. So, you know, the mysterious, my space person with the
Palm Tree, the Miami person, whoever that is. Yeah. Who doesn't have a name? He sends me this. He says,
I can't verify if this is true, but it was posted online from allaccess.com. Bruce Kelly,
do we place Rick Shaw in Miami? Who's Bruce Kelly? I wonder if he's Kim DeGin Kelly.
Ever heard of it? Or I don't know. This marks as we turn to terrestrial radio as well as to Miami,
where he worked at one time at top 40, 96th section also. And why 100? Kelly begins May 14. It says,
following a huge listener appreciation party for Shaw that will take place at Belstein Park on Friday,
May 11th to benefit the Magic Children's Fund. So, Ricky Tiki is only a couple weeks away from
retiring. According to this, maybe he'll call in today or not. He'll never get in. How come he never
gave him our bat line so we'd know it was him? It never came up. He never asked.
That's because the history of retaining employees for the long term, it says,
much of the honor and support staff have worked at the station for 10 to 20 years, a rarity in
radio. Bruce Kelly, I have no idea who that is. Did you ever hear him? No. How about you, Chris?
Have you ever heard of Bruce Kelly? No. No. But ever not least, somebody did. WDQA and Hello.
Hey Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Can I see a National Geographic Channel? No.
Well, they. Somebody QA and Hello. Left them and nearly killed them.
5.6705.60 This is the reaction of our audience after a weekend from Hill. A weekend in which people
are foaming at the water cooler. They're taken like buckets of water and splashing all over each
other's head. That's how foaming at the mouth they are. And this is the reaction. The same as it
always is. Ask me if I'm surprised. Are you surprised? No. WDQA and Hello.
Hey, who is this? Who you con? Can I see the Bob? Yeah, okay.
Greg Cotex, this pic was a personal follow against the fans. This was bizarre,
awkward, non-presentative, and the long-proud history of South Florida's flagship,
flagship sports franchise. Adolfins head coach walked into a crowd, crowded angry
room of fans on draft day, and got booed for a number one pic made, rather not made just minutes
earlier. The sound was visceral spiked with cat calls. Quite a combustible cocktail, this was
nearly a decade of inability to find the next grade quarterback and five consecutive seasons
out of the playoffs, chased now by a first round draft decision that was stunning. Dumb
founding says Greg Cotex. Dumb founding. Dumb founding. One fat shot of thumbs down,
gesture his new coach, Ken Cameron stood there amid the venting. Hey, we need to go in this direction
the coach called in and microphone with as much brightness as he could muster. Bravely,
venturing it upward, thumb is the booze and hectorine continued. You want a bright side?
At least it was only a thumb aiming to Cameron. It might have been a digit more centrally located
on the hand, given Miami's first round performance in days NFL draft and doll fans reaction to it.
The day had unfolded ideally. A best case scenario was noted in quarterback Brady Quinn,
slipped further than expected was available to Miami number nine. At that point he would
expect it out Michaels to burst into the Dolphins World Rooms screaming, do you believe in miracles?
And last, the Dolphins were poised to draft their first round quarterbacks in some guy named Dan
Marino in 1983. Finally, a club would make an investment in the future young franchise quarterback.
And then Tedgain Jr. What? That's what it says here. It says,
What? And you thought the heats three and I'll play off series
defences. Chicago was shocking. No, this was shocking. How about their four games sweep loss?
This was news that made the jaw come unhinged. News that made you turn wide eye to whoever was near
you and say something neighborhood of a, are you effing kidding me or it says bleeping? But I'm sure,
are you bleeping kidding me? Bleep. Yeah. I can't remember a bigger South Florida bombshell since
Jimmy Johnson, a brother of the Hurricanes to join Jerry Jones, hostile Dallas Cowboys over throw
Tom Landry in 89. Tedgain Jr. And Ohio State receiver expected to be picked much later in the
round, nursing a four month old footage. We still not fully healed. Going to a team that already
has a number one receiver in Chris Chambers, playing a position Miami could have easily filled in
around two a receiver for the most desperately quarterback needy team in the league.
I've known this family for 10 years Cameron trolled the crowd. No sale, more booing. He maybe
begins dad can play quarterback. Team owner Wayne Heisinger stood grimly off to the side as
Cameron addressed the hostile constituency, armist folded across to his chest.
After earlier of Cameron and GM Random, Mueller were right and choosing Ginn over Quinn.
The owner had said, Tursley, they'd better be right. Ginn himself was shocked to be selected over
Quinn. For sure he admitted on the conference call. You know in Miami is hurting for a quarterback
right now and Brady is a great quarterback. Eventually the Cleveland Browns traded up to select
Quinn at number 22, giving her first round pick in the 2000, giving up her first round pick in the
2008 draft. The Baltimore Ravens had planned to hope to select in later in Saturday's first round.
Why did Quinn fall at all? Some called him over hyped as any noted name quarterback who looks like
Mr. All-American Pretty Boys bound to be and some questions accuracy. Hmm, this kid through 67
touchdown passes against 14 interceptions of past two seasons inaccurate. He topped 60% both those
years. Graphnik's rave about his poison potential, about how coming from a post-alcoholic
offense makes him NFL ready. The admirers include quarterback experts like Steve Young.
You're fairy. Bottom line that offense had a chance to satisfy their priority and most pressing
need with a first round quarterback and opt-in instead for an injured receiver. You can spend that
any way you want it's an extremely odd picket best. The necessary caveat of course is that none of us
knows on draft a hug and any play will be in a year or three. Unfortunately my deadline in this
column was last night not 2010. He writes. You can say Quinn might be a bust another Rick Meyer
as easily as he can say, again might disappoint too. It should go without saying there are no guarantees.
So you start by measuring need. And quarterback clearly was a bigger one and then you measure
upside what might be. Ginkgo be another Santana Moss a receiver also re a fast receiver who also
returns kicks Quinn could be another Tom Brady. Which of these possibilities would you prefer?
Which enticing maybe was a smarter gamble for Miami. You know the answer to they even if
the dolphins didn't on Saturday nobody saying Quinn is the next end Reno the thing he might be.
The second round selection of V.O.Y.U quarterback John Beck only partly mitigates the
error in bypassing the much greater prospect in Quinn. At some point this franchise needs to stop
for long on a continuing series of mediocre stopgaps like Jay Feedler, Gus Ferrod and now presumably
old Trent Green. At some point this franchise needs to roll the dice in the draft on a franchise
quarterback. On long term future at this most vital position Saturday was that chance it was fumbled.
It felt like a very big mistake one Miami might regret for a long time where it squared
our time stations getting back what we're going to give you a dream vacation imagine hot
beach it's the vacation of your dreams just be the 10th father when you hear this sound
and we'll send a hypnotist to your house to hypnotize you and is thinking you wait on a really great
vacation it'll be just like being there you'll enjoy all the sensations of being on your dream
vacation all through the amazing powers of hypnosis you are getting very sleepy we'll even do it in
your own backyard so you can get a little sun while you're at it remember if you think you're
really going somewhere you're dreaming this station accepts no responsibility for any after
effects of hypnosis such as believing yourself to be a chicken and fucking every time you hear a
bell ring in the event that you do end up believing you're a chicken this station is entitled to
all-exuperduce as said chicken dream on get it dream on people listening for your chance to win it's
11 o'clock at 560 W.H.I.M. happy Monday to April 30th but third man holy moly ram and you
realized tomorrow's the first of May El Premo de Amio okay what the cousin of May El Uno de
Amio Premero El Premero oh I used to going to start here's a guy who always pretends you know
peek it upon you okay no peek it upon you and because I made a little mistake in there okay
left out one letter or two letters whatever screw it first of May speak at English what you heard
what I said schmock combo 966 votes on the pool how pissed off for you the dolphins didn't draft
Brady Quinn don't care 357 37% of this audience and the fact that mad dog made that comment about me
getting all excited about Brady Quinn getting drafted by the dolphins and there was dead silence
according to Chris then you say that or the facture said I think I'll be the faxer well I'm just
trying to give you credit for it okay dead silence like neo rajas who's that or you mean uh you
fair that faggot that's the got the hots for that Brady Quinn we'll screw that anyway don't care
357 not surprised they suck meaning the dolphins 278 they suck which is true and they'll continue to
I'm happy he blow is 111 Brady Quinn blows 11 I agree with their choice
110 I'm psychotic only 67 and rate of low my brains out only 48 just I don't I don't know
so I guess the soft Florida people are brainwashed enough or stupid enough or both of the above and
they uh just you know whatever it's the party line and they're buying it as opposed to the main
stream national ESPN media that was screaming and throwing crap at the cameras and and banged
each other overhead with baseball bath it was something to see it was hard to believe and
that great code text for once in his life he wrote something that was uh pretty profound you
know whether you agree with or not pretty profound so here's somebody sends me the bio on Bruce Kelly
who is rumored to be replacing Ricky Tiki Shaw on magic on April on May uh May 14th El Catorce de Mayo
I get that one right perfect well good it's about time you'd damn old Jew
Kelly was rated number one enrichment Virginia in the y196x in Miami 100 years ago and 85
through 99 in Phoenix in 90 he was honored by billboard magazine as they see each our personality
dear and are also says on here Bob and Carl Springs writes with an exclamation point in and why
he was at y100 Miami 1981 and worked with Don Geronimo with an exclamation point I would be
like saying um Chris Baker was at W I O D in 1990 and worked with Neil Rogers woo right right
I mean what does that mean I don't know he worked with Don Geronimo and is Don Geronimo is he
is he the Don I hate to ask you not Don Corleone but he isn't either down from Don and Mike
that is the one oh no Don and Mike wow wow a lot of blowing going on man must be in the wind
because on the pole it's like Brady Quinn blows and um what's the other one
oh and the dolphins blow everybody a lot of blowing going on
speaking of that hundreds of protesters gathered the Kendall Dade College campus were president
Bush folks at early afternoon roughly 200 protesters were clustered near temporary fences
and estimated 600 all together spent the better part of the afternoon marching and holding
signs along a main road near the college campus well that's a good start you know
in piecema will be better but the the screaming the on about it can't be all bad the protesters
were commemorating national impeachment day with the peaceful marks while Miami police looked on
the president was escorted in and out of the campus to an entrance on the far side of the campus
where he couldn't see the protest okay of course we don't want him to feel bad
too certainly don't want him to feel bad about all those dead people as a result of his decisions
and lies two pro-bless supporters wrote their bicycles in front of the protest
they're screaming commies but by and large the rally drew a few administration supporters
commies communist their communist their communist that that's what they were screaming right
right national impeachment day was organized by a large coalition of center and left the center
groups including a 28 democrats dot com and progressive democrats for america the protesters
however didn't focus only on the topic of impeachment but also on reasons for impeachment caring
signs such as out of a rack and no blood for oil the oily bird gets the worm it's a soft
photo kind of a thing the oily bird as in oh hey nine seventy nine to pull this half hour
gonna go over a thousand then there's no limit then there's no holding us back oh yeah they
got this big thing about the a DC madame all the all the big good DC people on her list there
all the across the two times and their clients these questions will come in time oh yeah well so
will the customers too oh i got a what huh just just move right along okay i'm loaded for
bear today man after this very traumatic sports weekend and the damn rangers won a game too
oh and over time and double over time they beat buffalo well what can i tell you nothing is perfect
less taste more fillers question mark this is from the sun simply how we're always talking about
different kinds of foods and cramp the headline in this chocolate haul is an upper over
proposed change in recipe of sweet treats you can't mess with our chocolate is rain even would say
it's got to be chocolate not an argument over lightbeard says here by chocolate say it right
chocolate not chocolate chocolate you idiots chocolate hollix and high end candy makers are
riled by a proposal before the FDA to allow america's favorite treat to be made with vegetable oil
instead of natural cocoa butter don't mess with my chocolate said shelly paul a sweet sliver
from plantation lingering friday outside kill winds and for a lot of day they're always saying you
candy this you can't do that what's good leave it alone that's right you go daurus surely whatever
you name it the issue is touched off a buzz among chocolate purists and others who say the
proposed change could fool consumers into paying full price for artificially adulterated chocolate
and a reconstituted candy might dilute chocolate's possible health benefits christ can't they leave
anything alone for crying out loud for jesus christ on almighty motor sake god it pisses me off
they're always didlin with stuff man the fuss goes back to january when the trade group grocery
manufactures america as the FDA to change the definition of what can be labeled chocolate
companies could use vegetable oil now instead of cocoa butter which is now required to make chocolate
and also substitute milk proteins for whole milk well what does that mean i don't know
is that like that fake cheese like a cheese product how about chocolate product you know
not real chocolate but it's chocolate-ish like it's jesus jesus christ but that's Brian Murray talking
out the spokesman she's just christ we uh...
lost again
it also came to the jersey the of the unsure you're following the same couple else very
religiously aren't you
if i have to your darren paying one more time i am going to get violent gonna get a
gun
find out where he is
i was a call he didn't kick it and i was at a he kicked it in you idiot it was
pretty damn obvious anybody was ever watched the hockey game before you little ball
headed geek you moron you figure skater you cymbled in
between him and p.m. a choir man which ballhead needs to be taken out first
the proposals got the backing by the way we can get back to the chocolate store in
get out of your hockey talk
backing of the chocolate manufacturers of american led by her she's nicely
and others who say it'll get flexibility making new products
well maybe it's not so bad at all although it's her she would they make you call
that chocolate although i do like what's the one we like with a taffy and uh...
nuts
oh the uh... almond
taffy
i don't know if it's a
and they've also got a score her she party you know that who know yet they do
uh...
see here we go again why did you do this why did you try to kill that pile
it's sabotage man it's right a stage
there are high quality was available which are equal to our better than cocoa
but are in taste nutrition texture and function and are preferred by consumers
her she spoke to the curk civil told the hairs for paper news in the companies
backyard
in the companies back yard
but some special
but what does that mean
but some speciality can make a sense of what the idea sell out in the
travesty
same cocoa butter makes up about a fourth of chocolate
but cost more than three times as much as vegetable or all the cheap again okay
this is all a question of money said for a military corner of hoppins chocolate
and green acres with seven stores
if they can take something and diluted and still got the taste
for fractured the cost that's what they want
but to taste isn't the same he knows that if you've ever did from a chocolate
found which cascades liquefied chocolate from bowl to bowl
you probably even the vegetable variety
you're all thin so it can now flow through the machine
you just be stutter the difference in taste they're just not comparable
to gene ham and a coordinator for killings a pertinck Michigan chain
with seven stores in South Florida never heard of it did you killings
no killings makes a chocolate compound with vegetable or like franchise may
use but only for icing ham and said
just a little bit of vegetable it changes the mouth feel it makes a taste
waxy oh waxy oh fat
and said we take chocolate just very very seriously chocolate ish is not good
enough and actually says that here in the story chocolate the issue is not good
enough that's like guys who are like you know
in the closet butch ish my hair push yeah
how you throw those said hoppins melts that we are wholeheartedly against this
proposal it's not chocolate for Christ's
if can you imagine or could be labeled as chocolate consumers would have
to read the fine print to figure out what they were getting melt so said
and some of the misled led down to garden path
but what if it's made what it's made of is the key to whether chocolate's got
any health benefits nutrition to say several studies have suggested but not
proven the chocolate may protect the heart and arteries because of flavonoids
god no wonder i'm so healthy plant compounds from the cacao bean that
contain antioxidants also cocoa butter does not race cholesterol as
other fats do and it has no artery clogging trans fats
but any benefits stem from cacao which taste bitter said she a rareback
and nutritionist at uofan medical school dark chocolate contains at least 70
percent cacao and semi-sweet about 45 percent milk chocolate things about 36
percent mixed with whole milk and sugar the jack up the fat and calories she
said candy makers have put out new products with higher levels of cocoa
telling health benefit if the sugar doesn't kill you then the other stuff
for will some of the fat and cocoa butter is
unsaturated relatively healthy for the heart but some is saturated risk
here she said chocolate made with vegetable oil would be about the same
people shouldn't really worry about the type of fatty acid they're getting
where our back said i would rather have them be concerned with how many fruits
and vegetables they have yeah be considered about those fruits too
fairy i'm in it all for the other day i'll post on
ploy jill shmader who was buying caramel apples friday at kilvans
shrugged at the great chocolate debate i if i like the flavor i don't care too
much of what it's made of shmader said i wonder if shmader is related to
shmendrick and shlomazzle and shmagegi you think so
could be off in the same family jill shmader
nine hundred ninety seven votes and a pull after the break will have a thousand
and that's easy that's the point in the show which we just kind of sit back
take a deep breath in a thigh and a thigh a relief
and just relax okay because we got to made in the shade
do we ever figure out what broken sound is that like some kind of a golf
thing or what is it oh i have a few lines
not seriously now it says gym managed at broken
sound will somebody please somebody in the building
please tell us what that is i thought i made beliefs and you're listening to
the hockey authority kneel god
dolphins i read playing fadling and from the left
to the right of radio dial screen
the uh uh uh last remaining member of the team is now being carried off the field
that in the in the stretcher
any other team is just walking around the field looking for somebody to play with
well how about it Jim you want to go play with them
hi uh hi uh hi uh can i go home now it's eleven eighteen you sure can let's get some hockey
going baby all these franchises living in the distant past and sucking up the
public's money that's okay sweat goes oh speaking of that speaking to the public's
money so your close personal buddy Mike Mayoth is
un-central yes my chum had a big thing here on the
skinny on casino act it's all over the map and there's another or companion
article by John Burstein not Bernstein
Burstein you think a guy whose name is j-o-n as in Jonathan you think he could be
Jewish with a name like bursting why not um and michael mayo
hold the mail what is his real name
mayo hits me yeah what what a brisney man i don't know
anyway at eight p.m. soundcloud on site you know everything in florida so do you
pressing it so predictable man there's slow there's fast and then there's the
florida way half-assed oh god of broken sound in the heart of book offers its
members the sophistication of segment of club living
twenty seven private villages are situated on a thousand acres of pristine
tropical landscape now what did i tell you about golf at the broken sound club you may
tee off either the gene baits designed championship golf courses
socialize at the innocent miser style sixty thousand square foot clubhouse serve
and ace on the state and tennis court work out of the state uh state the
our fitness center we duvenate the spa and enjoy suburb cuisine that's
bookers that's um broken sound in bokeh so i'm sure my
system to do is golf when you think yeah or maybe it's a sponsor we
suck in some money out of them we can only vote
thousand twenty votes on a pool that i mentioned we got a thousand i don't know
what we did now we don't have to pay any attention to it
michael mayo says the skinny on casino waxing it's all over the map after taking a
spin around town to check out all six lots of casinos and
broard i still haven't cracked the secret of finding a winning
machine no worry mike not to worry neither revive it would by no one to be going
there three years and uh... had a few winning days
and then he says but i figured out a few things about how the casino stack up if
you want to eat go to the new oil casino formerly pomp and apart harness track
in pomp and obiach it has a gut busting palette teasing wallop pleasing
that rivals lost biggest and it's gluttonous all you can eat best
all right
if you want to smoke out any of the three similar travel casinos because they're
on sarah sovereign travel and they're not subject to the
florida clean indoor air actor in the other state laws
if you want to party go to the similar hard rock and hollywood by day the young
hip and trendy hang up by the resort pool by night they're swarming the casino
floor and the adjacent nightclub bar restaurant complex
if you want to be alone go to a golf street park and howl and ill be
chahaha if you want to be alone
the lavishly appointed places or an eight and spookily empty sort of like
versi and if you want to end up in a bowling alley when you go broke go to
marty grog gaming formerly hollywood greenhorn track and howl and ill
beech the eight the ends right through the air said dianne my helpful driver actually
she shuttle me in a golf cart through the casino parking lot to the side
entrance of holiday bowling center on pember croyd
sure enough after i walked past a few rough next freaking log neck vuds
there were three at the machines strike
thanks to the absurd vagaries of the legislature at the
machines are not allowed at the per mutual casinos this is the florida fn way
baby there's the right way the wrong way and the florida fn way
oh at the machines we got to go on a shuttle and go on a little or get
shut over the boring alley to get an a tm
bottom line says michael hold the mayor with so many restrictions in both by
state at the per mutuals note to the a tm machines no progressive jackpots no
table games such as black check over left limited hours nobody's got a confused
borrowers casino scene with a vagus strip or even with woodbine i might add
but things have changed rapidly in the past six months with competition
between the tracks and track building they're now about seven eight hundred
fifty machines clanging and spinning at these six casinos
seventy and a hundred and fifty machines mine the per mutuals have class three
vagus style slots and the centrel are stuck with class two video lottery
machines players play against the house on class three machines and against
other players in a common pool on class two machines
despite the machine disadvantage the indian casinos are still holding their
own the per mutual casinos can only run sixty
hours a day the centrel casinos like woodbine never close i'm going there right
now and get all my money back believe me no no the per mutuals are tax fifty
percent of their profits the centrel don't have to pay a dime to the state
leaving them well on for advertising and marketing work against the per mutuals
notes from one player scorecard with ratings for each casino on the scale of one
to five cherries okay ready for this here's michael mayo
rating the uh... joints okay i'll casino pompano beach
it feels like vagus in here from the high savings and status design touches
led to kubal blue comms rise majestically around the casino floor to the lavish
alba fe a multi-station eating extravaganza i'm not a gambler community to
theory trot of hell and ill be to buy wonder if you hear if you get the trots
just a joke now don't get all been out of shape her friend joe all the various
sixty-seven also from hell and ill be to come for the slots i've been to them all
vagus and landing cities this looks like a really high class place they've
done a right rating for pompano four cherries
seven-year hard rock hotel in casino hot hip and i have some trashy soft load
all order was credit and in a cool smith collapse and died a room six oh seven
in fribory this is the place where locals feel compelled to bring out a ton
visitors for a night you don't know what the slots pay out is but nobody here seems
to care there's light here you actually hear whooping and hollering on the
casino floor strangely absent at the other spots the main drawback is it gets too
crowded especially on the weekends and the restaurants and bars are pricey i
stopped by one of them Thursday and soft you drunken kids fighting come on a
Friday or saturday and takes forever to get a seat at the poker table said
leon lastinger of aventura you sign up wait 45 minutes to give you a
beeper and you have to wait another 45 minutes rating four cherries
marty grog gaming during the second day or during the day seniors dominate
at night there's a working class five with a t-shirt crowd on the second floor
rooting home dogs in a diverse crowd playing slots on the first floor
this is the place for me said Carolyn Smith a Hollywood extension comes almost every
night golf stream is for the rich man this place is for everybody
because the slots are permanently existing building there's a cramped
dank feeling the ceilings are low and funky odors waf through what that sounds
like would buy hmm the buffet has steam tables thrown
in the middle of the floor i had a five dollar bowl of seafood gumbo at a
snack bar greasy batch of brown roux mushy vegetables and bits of
tasteless chicken and gelatinous seafood he says rating only two and a half
cherries uh-oh and it get goes down from there
seminal coconut creek casino with competition from the augustine the
seminal is a given this place a facelift there's a decent buffet in the
poker room is gone smoke free but you'll still need your gas mask if you're
non-smoker the iris thick would stale tobacco
i like to smoke when i place at marlene joseph allot of hello winston burning in
an extra next year machine you can't do that everywhere
rating for the seminal coconut creek casino two cherries
seminal hollywood casino this is the place where florida's gambling revolution
began with the seminal is winning the right to open a bingo hall here in 79
even though the upscale hard rock is just across the street this place still
draws it devoted cry the locals it's down market but as a certain down home well
worn feel also heavy on the smoke rating a mere one and a half cherries and uh-
last is it yes last and least oh they get two cherries a ghostry they're
dying over here it said i wonder what my cold to mayo got that line i says they're
dying over here it's a beautiful new building that's been betrayed by poor
planning and can be laid out in constant changes at the height of a thursday night
the slots rooms were nearly empty and employees almost outnumbered customers
of delstrom's three king sports lodge they're going for the high rollers but
nobody was playing the hundred dollar machines or buying eight dollar
lots of rullis they're from the snack bar herald woods of pember pines dropped by
with some friends to play poker but there was no poker the rules are
confusing with permute was a lot of that poker only on certain days the
travel casinos have poker twenty four seven with higher tournament stakes
the legislature might loosen those restrictions on ATMs poker rooms and
casino operating hours next week it makes no sense to it was the state gives
the permute was a little bit and then they tie their hands if you're going to have
gambling have gambling don't treat us like children he says waiting for
gallstream two cherries they're dying over here i'm dying over here how do you
like that blatant blatant ripoff you know he's doing like a how's the old Paul
ancient rama another r i eighteen hours today how they doing they still lie
i don't know we got a thousand thirty two votes i think we're still doing it man
we're still pushing it you know we're pushing ancient style
eleven twenty six there's the epistyle caveman that's just a commercial okay well
what if it said uh... guy co dot com so easy a therapist can do it then she be
upset and i don't know about you but i'm just like i said a little tired of the
epistyle caveman yeah i like to know this fine on that moving walkway there in the
airport fully in the arms of that exasperated look like uh yeah
see focus on god new york thing is the lowest form of communicate you got to see like a
like a train going off the rails it's embarrassing
they've been singing out of tune and they suck
tortured ears on the stages we have found the worst singer in the world
you're not ever song gets a labor and more out
great i don't know the unkinds that you have one of the worst singing voices now the
second tune from national and all the viewers are ready to start crying
you need to be careful it's just a terrible thing i got shabbering
i'll just say i'll let you know it's dying i think i'll sing something a little more
upbeat i think that's our ears and try to say it
american idol and it's two seven days that don't country whatever
make it mean to that don't country let's stop
it's anti of the blue it's down country
well it's not this under was moved it's final country
this sucks hard the shark is jump what kind of music
we got all we got both cats we got country and western
uh-huh we got one thing we need to know still two eleven thirty two five sixty
wd q m mad dog it broken sound into this afternoon in boca
hmm and look at that phone man that is a door now
now i've i've told you many a time nothing shocks me having worked 800 years in this market
okay but of all the days when you think that these people even though this is a non-sport show
everybody i mean everybody except except George right is talking about one thing
today yeah i'm not gonna say it yeah i do but i don't say the words
but isn't it what they're all talking about i don't know not this cry i don't hear it
i really don't hear it come in the q a and hello
where do you five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty i'm just to go through my problem just forget about the phone i thought we
get a lot of feedback today we could arrange that
what do you mean by that he back like this there you go yeah we could both do the feedback thing
very very just amazing to me man these people and you want to know why because they're
gonna be led by the nose just like i kind of show this morning and there they are going oh yeah
when you know first i was a little bit upset but blah blah blah and i realized they got the
night and some other quarterback and they got somebody nobody ever heard of before and they got
the you know they're gonna run fast and jump high and lose a lot but i like that coaches name
though rod roddy wqa m hello nail yes there must be something really wrong with this
brady quing guy for him to drop so so yeah yeah
too pretty didn't you look him over good enough yeah i looked him over and did you find anything wrong
i didn't find a pimple on his ass i'll tell you that right now i didn't find anything out of
joint but then again i might be looking for different things than they're looking for you know
that's the problem that's the only reason you like him because he's a pretty boy he can't play
that's right he couldn't play i watched somebody that was Notre Dame game is man
and believe you me the pain the pain in my brain from even just watching Notre Dame and don't
don't confuse the idea that i was ever rooting for Notre Dame no way Jose but but then again
as George always says what do i know about it so it's like it's like radio yes i talk radio
what could i know about that you know i know nothing and i'm proud to tell you that i don't
know nothing and look at the money i'm making for knowing nothing if i knew something then maybe
i'd be in big trouble w. k.a.m. hello uncle gale yes sir that halloween on this day
listen um oh yeah oh how'd you do Saturday at Columbine you lost your uh
a Columbine at Columbine i'm sorry yeah yeah it's pretty fun at Columbine yeah w. k.a.m. hello
can you spell m-o-r-o-n as mo used to say he put the mo in moron w. k.a.m. hello
w. k.a.m. olah thank you for what uh is Georgian no Georgian on today kneels on today you
want to speak to kneel i'd love to yeah you're talking to him kneel uh my name is Walter i just
wanted to check in with you i don't want to be redundant did anybody call you about the fox
morning show with Brady Quinn on it no okay it was on over the weekend it was either Friday or Saturday
Brady Quinn was a guest may have the three people who do the morning show yeah and the dark head guy
goes out into the street with Brady Quinn goes down the block about a half a block down and jumps
into a truck one of these open trucks in the back yeah Brady Quinn throws him a touchdown fast
about 45 but 50 yards right over the barrier into the truck yeah but the dolphins never saw that
do you think maybe the dolphins don't watch fox news maybe i'm starting to like the dolphins a little
bit better all right well i got news for if you could put some trucks out on the field then let
maybe you ought to sign Brady up put a few trucks out there having throw over a few uh road blocks
like we do here on qa i mean i'll put a few road blocks in their way
it just it defies it defies uh description it's so stupid so we're in the fact that and the fact
that now we got the dolphins i guarantee you i bet you your life on it that if we hadn't got the
dolphin games back you'd be here in a different tune some of our sports babies on this radio station
yeah today and for days and weeks and months to come yeah boy they really suck yeah i don't care
that no no no man now we are on our hands and knees and we are round the clock we are moist
with dolphin mania wva m hello i should practice what you preached one time he said yourself it's
not a sports show yeah yeah what kind of a voice is that by the way is that a voice yes wva m hello
morning uncle nil yes sir that's one of the lets you know a little bit secure view about rod
rady if he was once a tiff jockey and he was on the hill on uh wva kb w and buffalo and all that okay
i know that yeah nobody cares wva m hello yeah i wanted to know uh uh
i bet you did wva m hello morning nil i'm sorry hello so much money it would bind
yeah would you would you have been in a better mood this morning if you're done better
what does that mean i'm gonna go i'm gonna grade mood what are you talking about
yeah the good weekend i had a wonderful weekend well were you writing a book
no no just what do you got to say sir don't worry about if i'm in a good mood a bad mood
i lost i want what do you got to say sir say something okay what is the expression uncle tom
mean since they buried uh jim crow what is uncle tom uh working the mirror you'll understand
wva m hello it's funny nil how uh stick and puck run with
schmuck wva m hello nil very long time listener okay i heard uh paul harvie jr call on the
friday that was great no it wasn't yeah that was okay well you must like be easy to find out
to that yeah it was maybe rich actor can call i hope not
what do you got forget for you you're just like the other guy what have you got forget about
all these other people what have you got i can't think of any material
oh i got plenty uh nothing that that however that goes well
sure was great here and so and so called actually say something well what do you got to say
nothing just that i sure wanted to hear somebody else say something because i ain't got none to say
just pathetic man and at business about why am i in a i'm in a great mood
i couldn't be in a better mood if uh they i opened the door and there were like two million
dollars in small bills cashed in outside my doorstep maybe they might i might be you never know
154 votes on the poll they they just don't care i guess that that's any a roger's crowd that's
why mad dog was treated he was responded with by silence when he made a they ask kind of a cute
line but don't they bring a my name up in the sports venue the thing there because they like oh
that's that faggot there he's the anti sports guy and he sure i like the dolphins and you know
something if they had tom Brady and Brady Quinn and uh all all a bunch of in my buddy verage from
my my space of that all these people i think i still wouldn't like them how do you like that
i'd like the guys but i wouldn't like the team and i'd hope they go all and 16 rhymes with team
1059 votes help us offer you the dolphins passed on Brady Quinn they passed on Brady baby
don't care 385 over 36% don't care not surprised they suck 307 i'm happy he blows 120 i agree with
their choice 119 psychotic 75 and ready to blow my brains out 53 wouldn't that be great
ws being Atlanta 750 on the dial they could call it psychotic 75 mm-hmm they got a
much an Nazis under like that Neil board sky and i don't know they still talk on that station or what
borched Neil borched yeah 20 before what do you know about borched uh i know it's beat soup and
cranny for radish give him a horse radish sure well they put that on your filter fish there we go
let's do some right talk today don't know the first talk let's do a juke talk we got the right
crab we got goldberg and camplin and uh what's his name who's the other juan or that's from me
yeah who the other Jews we got oh were you the people one
and Robert grieper don't tell me Robert grieper's Jewish of course he is
i know he is well nobody's perfect okay everybody's got you know
they're acts as to bear congratulations get a light stuff cold huh stuffy knowns
at a headache well you can take one leaf cold and sinus and feel great all day or four of
these others because they can wear off every few hours oh god it's coming out my nose oh god
look at the size of my nose and it's not a funny one kind of we got our sonnestus
veiled at the start of springtime right down the moon rock in my nose although we'd rather be
pulling free we keep a clue next by our side it was an hour and a half so clarity
but don't have prescribed though you try not to sneeze and we slow you try it's
the sound of the time i guess
i look forward to picking back nose
in fact you look down right in your balls
see the nose
the sound of the
you apparently aren't trying about digging around in your nose your body isn't those
entirely of snout i have a hunker but i like it i think it's sexy
claritan do you believe even my worst allergy symptoms my congestion my sneezing and my
slime especially pigs snore so gross and scroll so many and scrolls
i know the beauty of spring with flowers pulling but even so
my body's composed entirely of snout don't seem fair to pop those pills and
after deep the dose and you live only a night yes still means in all the two survive
how big is your nose
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
It only takes me a few weeks to clear my mind.
Well, it only takes around 7 months to clear my mind.
It only takes around 7 weeks to clear my mind.
It only takes around 7 weeks to clear my mind.
It only takes around 7 weeks to clear my mind.
It only takes around 7 months to get rid of all the bad or bad things.
It only takes around 7 months to get rid of all the bad things.
It only takes around 7 months to get rid of all the bad things.
It only takes around 7 months to get rid of all the bad things.
I'm sorry.
Rochester this summer you think no no do you remember they had that I told you
about that fairy you fairy from Toronto to Rochester cross Lake Ontario I think
that thing ran about a half a dozen times and they they are smith-candered you
want to know why why well where are there more people in Toronto or in Rochester
gee Toronto yeah and so obviously for that thing to succeed there have to be a
whole lot of people going from here and there right right right I want to go to
Rochester that the people on the way back from going to Toronto evidently nobody
wants to go to Rochester including me if they had still had Donna Bob's I'd go
no no no boy you don't you haven't lived there they had Donna Bob's oh boy right
next to my elementary school I think as a child I was destined to be fat you
know if you have fat genes when you're a kid you better watch it mister because
you're gonna wind up fat let me see how much I can oh geez I'm fat so did I
oh stop stop already now this John Bursting article Gulf Stream Park slots
hit by slump see did this you know what it's like it's like how you know they're
they always talk about location location all this other stuff and how there are
some like places in strip shopping malls where they go out of business over and
over again it's just a battle location remember pony tail I tried to warn him
I'm on that place in plantation battle location and on this station but he wouldn't
listen to me not there no mole he bailed out of it and the I guess the other guy
bailed out not even there no mole you know right behind Walgreens for for I really
know what it is of course that that particular location you can't see it from
the street because it's hidden by Walgreens and it's it's it's just you know
you don't know what's there and Gulf Stream like most of the other fair
mutuals but were probably the worst offender Gulf Stream the median age was
death plus 40 okay I mean for years and years you heard Hank screaming and
carrying on about that's just before he does this for them you but that's okay
at least he's being honest about that that's good hopper you go man by the way
talk about fat I hear you know something I'm I'm always taking your word for it
this weekend I'm gonna get to see him because he'll be on the or wait a minute
does ABC I don't think they have the Derby do they I don't know doesn't NBC have
it now I really can't keep track I think NBC's got it and that awful Tom Hamid will
be honored with the white hair oh geez but anyway I better start doing my
homework for the Derby I was gonna say I was gonna get to he'll be honored ESPN
won't he crystal be on ESPN for the Derby coverage most definitely in fact let
me take a puke here and look oh yes see that Thursday oh geldy at the dolphins
award banquet oh my god and then yeah Friday Eddie K from Vegas although it says
power hour with Hank and Mad Dog I don't understand that this whole schedule I
think Clarice was unanswered when he was a mechanism but I'll see him
under somewhere and I want to see if he if my sandstone 46 inch will hold the
hump around the screen if it does I'll feel a little bit better because he's
he's diabetic he put the dye in diabetic you know what I mean and you're not
doing very much to help save him oh I know you gave up on that a long time
yeah and you know me you gave better you expect to be in my will and you won't
even try to prevent me from eating the ice cream I just listen I told you I'd
hire the goon of course you got to pay for it I don't have goon money don't you
know what makes you think I got goon money especially after wood buying oh I don't
think I'm even gonna mention although we do get off Wednesday early at 12 30
to be an early wood buy Wednesday all right I have a good time there so I lost
see in the beginning I haven't gone through almost three years now and in the
beginning like this guy said before or you'd be in a better mood yeah I used to
get really pissed off I'm never going ever again and place their robbing but but
if you got the money and it's not gonna change your lifestyle you're not
gambling away any money that you really need what differences are make right
right right now the money that I lost in Saturday I'm sure that you have been
much happier if I would have just put an envelope and sent it to you what yeah but
whatever but I went there with the idea that I was gonna win or at least break
of course that's there you go I didn't go there with the idea that oh I'm gonna
lose couple grand today and therefore I should mail a couple grand adjorge so
you can feed his family listen whatever whatever it takes for me to get that
most precious gift that you give me every day every every week day morning every
week day more right he comes in there and there I am that's it anything's oh he's
oh let me ask you this quite I'll get this article eventually but we got two more
hours that's an interesting thought now I'm not kind of what I'm in pretty good
health I feel great I really do I feel excellent couldn't have been all that
screwing around I did this weekend or that might have something to do with it but
anyway well that that helps doesn't it sure helps put a bright smile on your face
that right right and the fact that the sunny shining and it's a beautiful day
man it's gonna be like 60 they said 63 I think it's gonna well I'll pan to
pour and they're showing the pandas doing it I don't want to see that I'm seeing
in it's 54 it's gonna be 63 I think we're gonna top that I think we're
65 to 70 that just I just had that feeling because it's just a beautiful day
so but what's gonna happen the day that you turn you come in there in a
morning and is this Simon and Garfunkel day the sounds of silence well I'll
call someone like here a concierge or something like that you have that
number no probably give that to me oh I don't have it yeah I got it somewhere
yeah yeah the more the way the concierge is in my building yeah I'll have
someone go on your door you can pick it up on it with them too because they're
like Latinos well I'll try English and if that doesn't work then I'll work
to Spanish that'll work to one thing about Toronto baby everybody speak in
English even if it isn't all that great they at least may do their best to do
their duty nobody approaches you here in some kind of like Swahili or some
foreign language you know I mean I'll speak in English unlike Montreal of course
where they got that frog crab going I do like that casino there Montreal I just
don't like the people and the food oh man they got good food in that place
they got a great buffet up on top it's like five stories Montreal and then of
course there's always falls view in Niagara Falls I think maybe next weekend not
this weekend but the following one maybe I'm gonna take a little venture down
Niagara Falls and even though I'll lose my ass there too you know what I'll have a
great time and they comp the room and they comp the meals and boy you talk about
good food mmm and good clientele man what a difference in a clientele between
woodbite and Niagara Falls of course Niagara Falls you know it's like a
honeymoon place yes I know that so what's gonna happen that day that I croak
would you tell me about it I will I'll tell you all about it after I don't think
that's gonna be I think I think this is my goal I have several goals in life
mm-hmm one of which I'm working on now yeah and that is to to live long enough
to them I contract in you know I keep extending extending right I just like to
live long enough so I haven't like at least one day of retirement maybe that's
what your lifespan will be based on you know as soon as you don't have a
contract anymore you'll croak the other reasons I keep doing this because
everybody tells me oh you don't want to retire because if you're retired too
young under the age of a hundred you're gonna croak you're with her up and die
and you know I've heard that I've heard that from people everybody says that
when you have no more reason no more reason to live I have lots of reason I imagine
you do yeah I know that what are you talking about huh something you are such a
bastard yeah your brutal yeah I think they've had a point about you uh-huh we
got a thousand ninety four votes Chris is pretty excited about that and he doesn't
even know what that we're talking about what you'll tell him behind my back
thousand ninety five we got eleven hundred licks what do you think we got two
hours to go should we go for thirteen and you know why not and let me just
take it this Brady Quinn would have looked real real pretty and I dolphin in the
uniform this is Brady Quinn whenever I shave my ball I listen to the Neil Rogers
12th one out
I don't let the ashes lead your thoughts through a civilian
Some do let us in, let us in, let us in
What is my staffers in, lead us like baits in the bandage
What's he like, baby, let us set us up
We don't let him, let us in, let us in
We might regret the death
Then those trying to push with short the blue
And caught their snuff
Finally looked with a clear
The Jews killed the rice and the poor
The Jews killed the rice bushes appointed by fire
They all gone
So let me ask you, would you feel better today?
Would you be in a better mood if you wanted collarbine on Saturday?
Oh, brother
It's a trouble three of five sixty speaking of Gulf Stream
And old far, it's Gulf Stream Park racing
Conceited debuted with a big opening day
It's less biggest style slot machines generating
34 grand in revenue
That was November 15
Five months later, it's a different story rights
John Burstie in the scum Sentinel
The Hellendale Beach race track casino had its worst day April 16
It's daily total revenue falling to its lowest 56,924
My God, I could lose that much in one day
If I was a crazy person
For the first three weeks of April, the track average is 131,800
And daily total revenue each machine generated about 108 bucks a day
Well below the 250 now average for slots along these coast
108 bucks a day
From machine?
What?
Our expectations were pretty high from that standpoint
I don't think we met expectations
But also think it's a brand new market
It's a bill Murphy, Gulf Stream Park president
Hey Bill, get with it baby
Okay, get with the program
What I started to say before before you so rudely interrupted me
About croaking on the air or something?
Yeah
Yeah, was that people are creatures of habit
And when your client tell for 20,30 years
At least has been death plus 100
You're not going to get too many living and breathing people
Or even if you do bring back your pocket in the union gap
Gambling industry analysts have called the casino's performance
Disappointing, wondering about its ability to compete
To the crowd, Broward Slots market
Of course you'd have them in day two except for your fat ass former governor
Who went on the Spanish language radio station before the election
Oh gambling, oh the Molo, blah blah blah blah blah
What I read out of hell, he was screaming the on
And all your people who love gambling by the way as you well know
They just do step right in the line, oh sure, whatever CCC senior
You fat ass idiot
And how is Terry Shiveau doing by the way?
How's there a shoe open?
Golfstream Park, the county's first racetrack casino
Was fighting the stake and claim against three established
Seminole travel casinos and two other new casinos
Martigraw racetrack and gaming center
And the Alucasino Racing and Pompadot Park
A seventh casino, Daniel Highlyah, Skid to openly next year
That means potentially 10,000 slot machines
Ringing within the county around tribal land
There's a lot of options for the entertainment dollar in South Florida, Murphy said
Half of every slot dollar from racetrack casino is going to Florida's education system
The major selling point for the statewide referendum
The allowbrowers per mutual to get the machines
Which old grandma Neil helped to get past and gets a slap in the ass for it
By the way, I got an email from Duff, he'll be in the morning
Okay
Well I'm just telling you that, he got the sign of the melting pot again
Alright
Aren't you thrilled with that?
Yeah, I'm more free food, yeah, absolutely
More dipping and dunking, you know it
The legislature's office of economic and demographic research has projected
A beach site had a maximum of 1,500 machines
It would bring in 286,5 million for education by the 2009-2010 school year
An average of 71,5 million for gambling site
That's based on each slot machine generating daily revenue
262 bucks, I can take care of that in an hour, half an hour
262 bucks my ass
Golfstream Park generated about $12.4 million for schools
And it's first five months of corner-state figures
The weekly contribution to education is dropped
From 713,600 of the opening week to 402,000 for the week of April 16th of 22
See, there's one thing this article doesn't want to take into account
About South Florida, okay, you know what that is?
What?
That it's still a horse and buggy
Oh, that seasonal place
Now what happened before April 16th?
Easter and Paisach, am I right about that?
Mm-hmm, nothing
And what happens in South Florida after Easter and Passover?
Everybody goes, it all happens
Nothing, a whole lot of nothing
Everybody goes, bye, bye, bye
They bail out, when did they bail out? The town becomes like a ghost town, am I right or am I wrong?
You're right
I'm absolutely correct sir
Absolutely correct sir
This happened despite the track adding 700-5 machines last month up against number of slots to 1221
Mardi Gras, which opened 1147 in late December about a month after Gulfstream Park
Has brought in about 16.3 million for schools
Gulfstream officials can see there were missteps but say they'll soon see an increase in revenue
Among the factors that track official industry analyst point to affecting the casino
Gulfstream didn't start a major ad campaign for slots until this month
A law banning ATM machines and check cashing it track his hand-strong slots players and horsebenders
It's so stupid, it makes me want to sit here and scream
I want to just get up and just do the green apple quick step all over my carpet here
The Seminole Hard Rock and Casino and Hotel remains the dominant force in South Florida's gambling market
And Gulfstream Park will soon face another obstacle. Part of its parking lot will become a construction zone
Construction said to begin next month on the first phase of the village of Gulfstream Park
A 68-year complex of stores, condos, hotel and movie theater
That means Gulfstream Park will have to start offering a shuttle service for customers from the parking lot to the casino
At least maybe by then they might have an ATM? No ATM? I mean what is that?
A casino with no ATM? Have you ever heard such a thing?
No, never. I mean you go to the supermarket they have a free ATM
So you get more cash and you buy more than the convenience store
The double-gum machine, everywhere
Even the little Chinese market I go across right away with a lady who barely speak any grace and she just loves me
I even think I have a little ATM in there
The thoroughbred horse track Gulfstream fears that people might think the casino is shut down
At the end of the racing season April 22, said Eric Lemur and Gulfstream's vice president are gaming
It's not going to help with all that construction going on
He said people are going to drive by and think it's probably closed for construction
And you know as well as I do that perpetually every year when I was there for 400 years I was in South Florida
Every year just before they open a racing season to Gulfstream they'd start doing construction on US1 right there in front of the track
Am I right? I'm absolutely correct
Terrap the highway? Oh God
Like I said there's the right way and then there's the Florida way
And as far as what kind of mood I'm in, guess what? I'm going to a great mood and you want to know why?
Why? Because I'm not there
Oh, oh hallelujah
Hallelujah! I want to come there for special occasions as you know
Despite being the first to open with Vegas style of South-Skullstream Park
Officials acknowledged the track didn't capitalize with a strong promotional campaign
A different management team at Gulfstream Park headed by then president Paul McCoochi
Assume that once the slots room open people would simply show up Lemur and said
McCoochi McCoochi yeah right
Yeah, open it and they will come just just buy us most is it's like QYM you know we got a new
Whatever show you know
Everybody will just come flocking to 550 won't they?
Huh?
Magna entertainment for Gulfstream Park's parent company in Austin, January that Murphy was replacing McCoochi
Coochie Coochie who has gone head various gaming initiatives for Magna
Magna entertainment's corporate official said last week that McCoochi is no longer with the company and could be reached for comment
Remember Bugsy Seagull that wrote heaven to him?
Now that we've had to do and now what we've had to do is pick up the ball run with it trying to make the best of a bad situation
Lemur and said we basically have regrouped and started a whole entirely new marketing initiative
To include all the things we should have in the first place such as direct mail giveaways, promotions, different radio and TV advertising
Gulfstream Park has found that about 50% of slots players that's tracked have been to the casino once and never returned
He blames that on the lack of promotions and the legal ban of ATMs and check cashing at the three-per-mutuals with slots
No check cashing, no ATM, just bring a barrel full of money I guess
Once gamblers run out of money at Gulfstream Park they have to take a shuttle to nearby banks ATM where they leave
In this day and age people don't carry the kind of money they used to carry 20 years ago
Because of the convenience of an ATM or in the racing world check cashing he said
I'm sure we're the only major racetrack in the West that doesn't have an ATM machine or couldn't cash you with check
What kind of a bunch of common is crap is that you silly old farts in South Florida huh? It's the typical Florida way
Make sure it fails okay
Your fat ass Joe other wildly popular Jeb Bush your fat ass governor with his dysfunctional family and his
Tube battery obsession WQA am hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
Where were you reading that article from about Gulfstream?
Sun sentinel
How many cherries do you give with mine?
One to five
Okay one more thing
Well you know me answer that you I said on a scale of one to five and you didn't even listen to the answer
Six to five
I said one to five
Oh
Meaning is I'm asking you you mean on that scale?
Yes
Minus ten
Okay listen to me I got one sentence to wrap up this week in the sports firm Miami
Yes
Why we cursed down here?
Oh right
Oh right
Yeah to which I would say yes I think absolutely is which absolutely
Now actually wood lines are beautiful facility and it's they got the 1700 slots and the food sucks
But you know you can go up the escalator the racing level and you can get the you know usual stuff you get the track you know pizza
And they have a little cafeteria there and you got your macaroni and cheese and meatloaf and crap
No it's a beautiful facility it just it depends on how you rate it for what it looks like and how much money it's raising
Believe me if anybody's making a lot of money that's where they're making it and plenty of it is mine
Hey
Stench of power manure covers over this performance by the Dalton
When driving I've got to fill my ass you be time and time again
I heard oil supplies they will to fleet when it's another war we have to
Fade it
Now there's a hunger in the Ford escape and no cheap fuel for heaven say hey
Come on it's no fair or we got a pretty come on
It's last year
The last trip for the day can they get any higher
Oh
I just ask the boss you see can they get any higher
Oh
Oh
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices and that's strong American dollar that's worth about two cent everywhere else in the world nobody wants you
And touch that baby and they a dollar either which in your case is make too much difference but you know because you do all your business and
Dollars right by like like five dollars by half a loaf of bread and maybe a cup of tea
Lemon 38 on a pool what do you think Chris we're going to make 13 or what I'm 30
I mean we got it what do you mean we got it
Look I'm going to go for 13 ever we only got an hour and forty one minutes to go not that I'm counting of course
Don't forget Wednesday we got the Marlins game at 12 30 pregame Marlins at the next sweet
Oh you know something we better look up they still find shea stadium wouldn't that be sad I guess they do huh
Yes they do oh no one's always I had Trent Green on here do you know he's almost 37 years old
He'll be 37 before football season starts who track green the aging quarterback in Kansas City whom the dolphins allegedly are trying to get to be their stopgap quarterback
Because they don't want to have like a permanent quarterback for the future they want to keep getting these old washed over you know at least he once was pretty good
At least he wants to look pretty then good I'll say that okay New York New York weather I just want to make sure it's not going to rain Wednesday
In New York okay Wednesday all sunny and 18 at 64 65 sunny not a cloud in the sky going to be beautiful for that Marlin meds game
12 30 pregame on Wednesday and then I'm pretty sure it's the following week don't we have an 11 30 exit I think week from Thursday oh yeah
Oh yeah here's the fact that says I mean not that we want to screw off and you know avoid entertaining you people four hours
four solid hours every day walk solid but if we can get out of if we can get away with a white hell not when you agree who's out on line 12 hello bat line
Hi Neil yes sir Dick fine Bert I knew it was Dick fine Bert because I could tell by that's a wiki voice how you doing Dick good you got me pretty hungry talking about down about oh boy here's round round
Let's talk about the TV downs and Buffalo raceway not and also how about David Vance in your pants yes go ahead but you know please
I kind of like I like Dave I bought a horse from Dave Vance once well let's not talk about on the air Dick did you call the sabotage my shore what no I you've been talking about everything I'm interested in today yeah I know
But I also wanted to mention that I'm not related to Joel fine Bert you do a lot of you think I would talk to you if I thought you were
And to thank you for your mention of Max Robinson one of my personal favorites can I tell you a little story about that sure
Stan Baron now do you remember Stan Baron free form sports yeah he was a sports guy from Buffalo and he did this show called racing from Buffalo raceway and
Raising from Batavia down depending where they were racing with that time sure and I used to be I worked at WBT in Batavia and I was
I was doing my show at night and we carried that show from 10 30 to 10 45 15 minute show I listen to it whenever I wasn't at the track and so anyway
I used to run aboard and then when Stan went on vacation a couple times he had me fill in for him and do the show well the first night that I'm off there at the track and
And you know you're sitting there kind of like I don't know kind of like in the open you know and the acoustics are different from being like in a real studio
And so I'm I'm talking well listen in the second way I'm talking like five times as loud as I need to be I have no idea
I was doing it and Max Robinson the tracking out there was in the booth right next to me and he gave me a look like that just a piercing look that would kill
And I thought to myself I thought maybe I better tone it down a little bit and I didn't sure enough I want to show his over he said that's more like it or something like that and whatever you know he was a good guy
He was a good guy you know I whenever I lose my keys or glasses around the house and I eventually find them I'll just stop and go and here they are
Oh wow I love that call at least you're not doing Roger Houston anyway
Oh please and I also found out a lot last week also that you went to Camp Ego Coast
Is that what it was called Bella Snowars or a summer camp yeah
If you were a Jewish kid from Rochester you either went there or too many Hershers Camp Cherokee that was the other one
The one year was great yeah no it's beautiful up there the first couple days I was I missed being at home in the rest of the week I never wanted to go home again
I went I went to the I went I was actually at Ego Coast for a couple of weeks at the end of the summer on a special thing
It was yeah I love inlet no forge that'll area so what are you doing these days Dick I'm just enjoying my retirement
You're you're forced retirement well that's good that's not all right it's that's not a bad thing
I was like you on Saturday I just turned down the TV for five minutes and watch this Brady quince thing
I felt sorry for the kid you know I mean they had him on TV so you know what he's going to say after a while
I mean that's just although I can remember a worst draft decision
Were you in Buffalo at all when the Buffalo brave started in the NBA?
No yeah I guess I was in Buffalo but I was up there yeah what they did they had the first pick in the draft
and then they you know they had the first pick in the second round they bypassed the greatest player in college basketball
who played in their auditorium where they were going to insult the auditorium for college game Calvin Murphy
They passed them up twice and he became an NBA officer well there you go and now there are those Los Angeles
The dolphins are going to rule the day they passed on Brady quince trust me when I tell you I mean don't they want to put buttons in seats
Even if he doesn't work out he's for a couple years you got to sell tickets
So let me ask you this the the Derek call our mutual friend Derek pair mutual friend and said that
Pomp on a radio is done a right in the place is beautiful and did they let you win there I mean if you have been in there
I was last week yeah no I mean I was involved in the planning of that and they they did the right thing
they integrated it with with a racing once they open the second floor you'll walk right out into a little grandstand
where you can watch the races and whereas you know I don't want a slam golf stream
golf stream is beautiful to be my guest but you don't you don't have a sense of fun or I sit here with a large crowd
when you go either to play the slots or go to the racing there they've got all these different rooms beautiful restaurants and this and that
but there's no sense of community you know like you're with a large crowd and fun I think that's the you know that's that would be my my rep at golf stream
Well one of these days when I'm back down there I'll go to Pomp and I want to play my I'll make my contribution here
No we'll yeah we'll go out when they open the restaurant upstairs you and I go we'll go have dinner one of the new ones
I'm them I'm them absolutely okay thanks a lot Dick okay take care I see you
tell mangy says hi from the other side 155 oh I'm not so sure about that 1300 that's Dick Feinberg formerly a Pomp and O Park you know Dick right
yes I did heard good guy nice thing greetings Neil says this fact since your gambler intense of this morning
boy we sure got in gambling intensive FYI Barney Fag a Barney Frank was on in pier a Friday talking about a bill is introducing the sense of legalized internet gambling
probably has no chance of passing but least he be trying says the fact good old Barney Fag man he's trying to do the right thing
I don't know about that Internet gambling you know that could you see that that's that's not for me these people
think I've got a gambling problem like the guy said in only Mahoney I don't have a gambling program I have a losing problem
yeah feel Phil seem more Hoffman but the Internet boy I tell you you got to be really sick to start doing that really really sick
can you imagine how much you could plunge I mean there's no limit I mean talk about 24 7
am I right and I know who you know who you're doing business for exactly have only had a few Internet examples
some lessons that we've learned ourselves by the way we have 1351 my space friends you can tell me girl to put that in this pipe
and you can smoke away
and you thought it was over they got silent in Iraq
well the jokes on you pathetic book was one of them came back who the bull oh my
he cares for a lot I try to tell a recorder but none of them wanted to hear
he's an evil dude with the bomb or two when no one cares he's here
booleboole over
booleboole over
give it a mullable all my way we're getting or a song of your mama or any of those know
11 12 32 or 5 60 W here and we got 11 67 we need 133 votes by a two o'clock to get to 13
or Chris gets a trip to chop chop square and we are
uh oh that'd be fun no a government commission that probe is real summer war against
his vlogger will as an us being on accused prime minister a food all-murt today of severe failure
saying that he hastily led the country to the conflict without a comprehensive plan
a close eight-sit all-murt would not resign despite strident calls for his resignation from coalition partners as well as opponents
a copy the report obtained by the a piece added a severe failure in lack of judgment
responsibility and caution but that's unusual huh have we heard that before yeah
all-murt after receiving a copy of the panel's findings so that failures will be remedied
the report is officially be released later today all-murt and his defense minister Amir Peretz
who took office with limited security experience less than two months before the war
already it lost much of their public support because of the conflict
launch one has the blogger was captured two soldiers and killed three others in cross-border
rate on july 12th relying heavily on massive air strikes recommended by the military chief
lieutenant general Dan Halleutz all-murt pledged to his people that is real
work crush has the law and force returned the captured soldiers need a role was accomplished
and Halleutz is already resigned it did it cabinet secretary israel maimon
what kind of a name is that when you the cabinet secretary in israel and your name is israel
coincidence said the prime minister is not considering resignation it is right to state
as clearly as possible the report list of the fugitive these failures and mistakes by all the leaders
including the prime minister maimon told us real radio the question is what do we do now
oh yeah just like in Iraq what do we do now how what do we do where do we go what do we say
uh-huh all of these all of these things five six seven by tell you it was really great
hearing from dick feinberg doing prime is you notice how the lines were just smoking
there before they call the start talking about harness racing and now it's like cheese
I don't want I don't want you to feel bad dick right here for me anytime but it's just that they all go running
just racing away you know speaking of racing five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty
I mean there are certain things in south Florida that just you can't settle make you can't pedal
you can't give them away you know and that's so one of them racing big race coming up Saturday
Kentucky there be any interest no hall of high any interest so all the old Jews moved to
bokeh and then they died and then what happened or speaking of that don't forget mad dog at the
broken sound to two in bokeh wqa and hello hello yes sir I want to talk to Neil please speaking please
you know we're here sounds like us yeah I want to know what you thought was a bigger claim to fame
sloppy seconds to run Jeremy or poppy Ron Jeremy by the way is now taking bit parts and grades the
opponent movies he's taking bit thankfully not sexual ones he weighs about 700 pounds he makes
algorithms they look like Minnie Mouse at else fantasies I just thought I mentioned it in
a past that's the rumor around town five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty I tell you one thing I
not only did the phone kind of there we got a little chunk eleven seventy four see better
stop me from getting panicky you know how I have a tendency you think you're nothing that's right like oh you know you know me and I'm getting this age I could have a stroke
or like a massive heart attack here and croak in the chair what would you do then play a lot of music I reckon you and that damn music
Q a.m. Hello hey don't you okay sir yeah been a long time before we kick your ass out of
pomp and O Park WQ a.m. Hello now generate closing protection WQ a.m. Hola hello hello
yes sir you know as far as the entertainment dollars down here if you look at it you have of course
all the sporting teams and you have now the gambling what is that mean what is there to do what
was that what would you like to do what would I like to do what would I like to do is that the question
what would I like to do what would I like to do what I would like to do is Brady Quinn five six seven
oh five sixty that keep me busy all day Sunday man and with any entertainment dollars I got
preferably for free though would be best five six seven oh five sixty pound five six with my entertainment
dollars okay oh god I sure I wouldn't go at any sporting events I'll take it at even though I get
them free tickets and you notice how readily in the enthusiastically I give those babies away because I don't
want I don't want to know from it when I go to a Marlin game again no when I go to a dolphin game
again even if Brady Quinn were playing no way Jose see a bunch of drunks out there getting into
fist fights in the stands like making their stupid ass comments so you think we just get the stupid
people are on the phone on the show I need to break the news to those people are on the loose they're
out there they're there they're your neighbors they're across the street they're down the road they're
driving next to you on the highway right now on i-75 and 595 and i-95 that's right they're there
be afraid that's right but I got any more panther game no talk about an organization that's going
south that has made the playoffs since before Wayne Griskey was a baby god old needle nose wqa and
hello holy jumpin wqa and hello Josefat who am I just get the phone off that's not Brady Quinn if you
have a Brady Quinn and Tom Brady right and Pat Quinn Pat Quinn Pat Quinn the mighty Quinn yeah
5607 05 what was he bablin 5607 0560 and pound 560 on the horizon singular wireless line
yeah the dolphins only wish they had Tom Brady okay they would eat each one of them would eat
400 pounds of elephant droppings and crawl on their hands and knees through the rest of it 15
miles if they can get Tom Brady but they won't and they didn't and they and they that's it that's
the sad legacy okay and you can make all the smart comments you want all the wisecratch you the
fact of the matter is that they just they never learned their lesson and jaws were dropping I
it wasn't only a sense of disbelief in and seeing them say Ted again that was bad enough but then
in watching the reaction of all the so-called mavens the experts they were like they were
floored they were speechless they were like that yeah even George would make and sounds like that
what come on and I'm sure you were sitting there glued to your TV glued to the tube weren't you
tube you don't even know what it was what happened you don't even know because they kept
showing Brady Quinn sitting there and at you know with that very nasty looking blonde girl friend I
looks out everything we all know that but boy she must have something that doesn't meet the eye you
know what I'm saying maybe maybe he's got something that doesn't meet the eye maybe it is what we
anticipate seven hundred and seventy eight votes on a poll I really I just I can't believe it but it
goes to show you see we're not part of the sports fraternity and so as a result we've attracted this
audience of heathen uh non sports you know what I'm saying how pissed off are you that the doll
and that's probably George's fault too wouldn't you think so Chris definitely because he's militant
about it how pissed off he that offense didn't draft Brady Quinn don't care 430 36 and a
percent out of 1181 we need to get over 1200 by the top of the hour we're going to be in big
trouble for Chris's 1300 and his trip to re-odd all expenses paid don't care 431 not surprised they
suck meaning that often organization 345 they suck I'm happy he blows 137 I agree with the
their choice 133 they liked headgain junior even with his bad foot and his on healed injury
I'm psychotic 81 and ready to blow my brains out 56 isn't that our slogan here on QAM ready
to blow my brains out Q 56 that's it I'm 1183 WQA and hello QAM hola hey Neil yes sir it's Brady I heard
looking for a good time Brady Schwartz WQAM hello yeah I got a question for Neil speaking
is don't you think that Brad Pitt is better looking than Quinn Brady no where you're about
what about Tom Cruise you Mo Tom Cruise yeah he's Mo and you must be too first of all I don't think
either one of them play football do you think that they play football Brad Pitt or Tom Cruise I
don't think so Tom Cruise play football and at one awful movie was that losing it uh no that
wasn't the one I was one before huh he played football on a movie yes he did it wasn't losing it was
it was either the one just before that or the one after it sorry high school football come on
you're back and Tom Cruise is a hunchback by the way Brad Pitt's old and he's got he's got craters
in his purse Brad Pitt he's got crater pits
talking with the boy up like nails on a board of jumping through the blue is true so San
Gia is finally out pack his bags and his two bags four things oh it's a bottom
go
San Gia is finally out he went too far that malacar thank god San Gia's off the show
San Gia is finally out his greenkey voice give us no choice we have to let this do just
no he sounds like a one give the grand out look this look now go to our guest bar but he's
through he flew his through so San Gia is finally out pack your gel and go to hell
say god your girl you little cow San Gia is finally out he went too far that malacar
thank god San Gia's on final San Gia is finally out it was a fluke that little crew
how he survived was just plain bone from the Pacific Northwest Ranger then David
guess he's finally to rescue his crew his crew is through so San Gia is finally out he's
out yeah see all those bits that I play about San Gia and all other yeah all those shows I
don't even know who any of those people are you're I hope you enjoy huh well you know if not for
those entertainment shows I wouldn't either you mean you watch those entertainment shows I don't
other people do oh not in your household in the house where I live where my children play with
their toys there's an ongoing campaign to drive me nuts by putting Nancy Grace on the TV I wish
that those entertainment shows were the worst thing that I have to endure how come we're stuck on
1192 here Chris we have 11 minutes for eight votes we should be able to do that because once we
get to 1200 once you get to 12 then you get to 13 you know the same exactly I don't know what I'm
saying WQAM hello yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I never see the two amazing you've got a bunch of
little things that are split into your shell all the time they know that when they call in
you're gonna think I'm a cop and they only start to fry because they're stupid because they're
stupid because they're stupid it is a human public never seen this job amazing okay you too
see let me finish my lunch there's no calls on the board I think Dick Feinberg side-tracked
is I think somebody paid him off now he's a great guy really is he just talks about a lot of
stuff that I care about but the audience doesn't see he doesn't he doesn't understand that
you know I mean he misses me so much then rather than call me at home which he is my maybe he
doesn't have that number I don't know rather than do that he calls me on the air we talk about all
this Donna Bob's and Rochester and about Max Robinson the Buffalo Raceway and all that stuff which
is very interesting to me but it's like a private conversation you know I mean it would be like
if I was talking to my bookie while I was supposed to be doing a show what do you lie to her about
right protecting your girlfriend protecting my girlfriend texting oh texting my girlfriend
and who's that your girlfriend no who is doing that oh Chris Chris is texting his girlfriend
okay sure during the show we got 1197 by the way you actually have a girlfriend huh what is
you like from the Helen Keller school or what what you have a girlfriend this is news to me how
long you've been going with her it's news to me too okay come on let's let's let's people
being what what's the story here obviously I'm being ahead who's having me ready clean it could be
anybody what I hear now that's what you the wrong list that's what you think you I am hello
no yes sir hey how you doing I just came back from the outer reaches of Russia yeah and as
usual they gouge the crap out of me because my negotiating skills still still thinks but
there's still 10 times from there than anybody here and just want to report this I'm so I have
to return to the set pool but I got to make some money but it's always great to be to
hell away from this place okay well you sound so uplifting I'm moving right on Q.I.M.
hello sounded suicidal Q.I.M. hey Neil yeah let George have dinner with
dear dear dear dear dear dear mm-hmm W.Q.A.M. hello can you give me some food George now just
to Q.I.M. hello yeah hey you are in the ratings you compete with FM as well of course oh well
yeah that's what I say oh right I don't know if you've been listening I'm from
straight you haven't but sometimes the way before you come on I listen to a pot and run and
I think it's a lot of I think it's a lot of down yeah have it yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
okay here's the phone that works Charlie see he's one goes to pull him on people
and when you're on for 15 hours a day I said you know it doesn't make any difference
with the ever radio that works the phone that works from 100 votes on a nose all right oh that's
right we're going for 13 I thought it was a moment this moment I might actually get some Swiss
cheese now if I have any left and it's not crap to be very pleased to know that it's not crap
W.Q.A.M. hello up on me yes sir listen on this dolphin situation my personal opinion is that
hyzing it has no qualms about providing a third rate football team product to a predominantly
third world audience it's just like a working class person in this state voting Republican
on okay W.Q.A.M. hello yes I'd like to know if you're going to be setting Rick Shaw retirement gift
yeah you're going to keep your life you keep your life a little punk yeah
oh right W.Q.A.M. hello
Neil I'm going to send him my best wishes yes hey I just got I just came from a doctor's office
so I'm not being able to listen to you anybody says I give you the spot the spine report on
Jim I'm going to kiss you in the mouth mandish no and his behavior on Saturday well what do you
mean his behavior what does that mean well I've ready Quink kept dropping down the down the from
number three number four and all the skins kept down the hip right yeah he put on that nori
dainn cap talk about I know it's hard but I'm going to put that nori dainn cap and if we're
going to make Neil Rogers a dolphin fan again yeah sure he knows you like Brady Quink for he was
all ladder up he was he was high for regulating he could have breathed I would rather bring up
Brady Quink but that's beside the point you already had a couple of queens in your time
anyways all right I have plenty of bodywashed man I got plenty of bodywashed no one knows what I got
bottle after bottle enough to cover him a hundred times hey Brady ready anyway hey he'll like it
and Cleveland man it's right down the road I can be there an hour and a half WQ.A.M. hello
well dang WQ.A.M. hello
well Q.A.M. hello yeah you yeah I just wanted to say that Amanda's got a stake house down in the upper
keys it's called Ziggy's and when are we going to make an honest man on the George and have some
immigration reform let me become an American citizen already forgot to say when you're going to
your own business yeah business lucky business essentially business you know lucky business talking
crap talking through your back down hole hello five I have no idea what he's talking about do you
me either okay that makes all of us twelve fifty six I just am ready Quint I like to shape my legs
arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours
we sing
you out cuz you look like free yes with ice it falls out and it knows I could be
don't want any of you just to know what you want at the end of the show
because you're dorky and you're fat you're fairly you want to win this is your big chance
but everyone laughs and you're chucking to your pants
you
I
You're on a free show called American Idol, you're half a bad day.
Boy, you're half a bad day.
102 at 560 WQN, 1218 on the pool and I meet in Swiss Cheese.
Well good, you're saying.
And it's not craft, medium inside.
Oh, that's not what I have inside.
I met your product before.
Not Team Wustelani.
Not that foul craft product.
I don't know it is not.
Swiss Cheese slices from Swiss Salani.
Salani sweet cheese limited, Shomburg Ontario.
All right, like Moves Shomburg.
And under where it says Cheese slices it says,
Conchets they fromage.
Okay, tranchises, slices.
All right, fromage.
Well you know more French than I did.
So what?
I don't know any French.
I know about 10, I know how to call them a pig.
La fume des mafins.
La fume des mafins.
WQRM, hello.
I'm Daniel.
Yes sir.
Yeah, yeah.
I want to touch on a couple of three points.
Yeah.
For one I was down in Kennell for the Bush protest.
I was down there for that.
But anyway, as Riza's a writer, I was listening to QA Monterey,
and she had managed, I mean he was getting so excited,
he's not the way it's pants.
Yeah.
I mean he even wore a Nordic baseball cap.
That's what the guy just got through the same couple of men before the break, right?
Well anyway, you know about the Dolphins and Brady Quinn.
Anyway, Kim Cameron and Dolphins, they worked out Brady Quinn quite extensively
before the draft, and I mean they probably knew him better than any other quarterback.
What do you mean they worked them out?
Well, supposedly, I mean like they're having them...
I like to work them out.
Yeah, I know, I know.
But yeah, supposedly you know they had them do like passing drills or whatever.
I mean, probably they probably knew him better than any NFL team.
Yeah.
So if there was any reason, you know, if they knew any reason,
not the draft, no Brady Quinn, they would have known it.
Plus, also...
You know there's an old saying in life, and it applies to the Dolphins perfectly.
You know what it is?
What's that?
If you can't be good, at least be consistent.
12 out of 21 votes, I love all these people that are rationalizing, they're buying, you know.
The organization is peddling a song of dance, and we worked on them, and we did that,
and we drilled them.
Yeah, how about they drilled them?
How about they like to drill them?
And work them.
I'd work them.
Yeah.
It's just mind-boggling, it's just mind-blowing.
And it goes to show you that, you know, if you pedal the right BS,
there are people who are going to buy it.
That's all I can say.
12-21, I think Chris is safe from the chopping block.
I told you.
I said I think...
Well, yeah.
Haven't you been on a show long enough not to count your chickens before they lay a big one?
Oh, of course.
Now, what was that last guy saying about Mad Dog?
Yeah, Mad Dog's going to be on a tour to apologize for his aberrant behavior.
What was it that the guy said before the break, something about his...
His behavior?
Is he what?
Yeah.
His behavior on Saturday.
Well, everybody knew it was going to be Brady Quinn.
Everybody was counting one through eight, and they knew it, you know.
And the dolphins had the golden opportunity.
It would be like if somebody came along with George and had a bag full of money.
A million dollars in small bills and laid it in your lap right now.
You said, oh, I don't want this.
I'd rather have a 50 cent piece.
50 cent?
50 cent.
Now, what would you take?
A million dollars in small bills or a 50 cent.
Of course you'd take the 50 cent.
WQAM, hello.
What do you think about that twice, Jim?
WQAM, hello.
Right from the balance.
QAM, hello.
I haven't heard you come at any emails from Rajay.
Rajay?
From Rajay?
Who is it?
Oh, Jay.
What about the...
Serbian...
Yeah, what about him?
You probably want his phone number, Schmuck.
Yeah, lay off.
I always had nowhere to find a Serbian's tag.
I shouldn't be wasting my time here.
5670560 and Pond 560.
Are you closet queens?
Who you can...
You're fairy.
Pond 560 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
1223 and we're pushing for 1300 votes.
I realize it's only on Monday.
And I realize it's after Easter and Pesah.
You don't understand that.
That after Easter and Pesah were softwilled
and puts up a big size as close to the season
whenever the season starts.
Season used to start after a Thanksgiving.
Now it starts maybe around Christmas.
Right?
Right.
Maybe.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Hello, Neil.
Yeah.
I'm on Easter by Saturday.
Yeah, you're on drugs.
WQAM, hello.
Whoa, Eric Kumaro.
Ah, yeah.
The ghost of Eric Kumaro returns to the Dauphin Graph scene.
I love it.
But they trust.
They trust the organization, man.
They know what they're doing.
And if anybody, you know,
what is it?
Five years in a row they haven't made a playoffs.
Chris?
The dolphins of the Panthers.
Or both of them.
Oh, I think the dolly answer at least.
Before Scott Melumbi was a baby.
Are you crazy?
What?
I mean, the dolphins about six years now?
Five.
Is it just five?
Spins so long.
WQAM, hello.
I'm not quite familiar with these characters.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
I said, have a nice day.
Oh, I'm back to you.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I stuck a meal.
Speaking.
This is a meal.
So let me ask you this.
How much money you got in your life?
How much money do you have?
Oh, sorry.
It is uncle Mel, my friend.
How much a ten-say got to your mid-value?
Oh, God.
Yeah.
How you doing, Neil?
Neil, is this 29 years for you?
29 years of what?
29 years on the radio.
31.
Oh, my gosh.
Model, though.
Hey, I got a question for you.
I don't know if I should bring it up, but you know that same as senior Stevie Wonder?
Yeah, it's going to be a bad taste.
Don't bring it up.
Schmuck.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you doing?
Okay.
This is Irish.
I'm applying by the job.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
You know, not taking Quinn would be like, if you had the best goalie in the league, and you got rid of him.
Oh, forget it.
That's the thing.
Oh, not the Panthers.
Not the Panthers.
Bye, Biden.
Take care of him.
The Panthers, and they can get away with it.
In fact, I guess they can all get away with it because the so-called fans, there aren't any real sports fans in South Florida.
I mean, maybe a handful.
You know, a small handful.
Maybe when they got the calipers out, maybe that was their description for Brady Quinn, a small handful.
Maybe just a measure up.
You think that could be?
Could be.
Maybe when he was at that combine, you know, they did all the measurements and even measured it.
So, you've been doing the pension.
Yeah, I should have pinched a little.
Oh, man, how sad.
1231, that's the reason they're not saying too much, you know.
They're down in the dumps.
We've done it again.
We've done it again.
They know.
I might even sit around here listening to what, well, I'm just kind of curious as to what happened afterward on our air.
You know what I mean?
After they picked the mighty Ginn.
I'm not talking to you.
I'm talking to Chris.
Okay.
I mean, what were people saying at that point about what they meant to?
How many passed Quinn?
Yeah.
They were like surprised and shocked and then as he kept falling in the draft, they said, well, maybe there's something we dressed for.
We don't know about them.
Yeah, the something was and if you watched it on the ESPN, they made it clear that the other teams didn't need young quarterback.
They all had gotten it.
Well, that's not true.
Because there was about five other teams that passed on until he was finally a pick that could use a quarterback.
You may have an injection, Bill, for example.
Jacksonville Detroit.
Maybe they're anti-Semitic.
Maybe.
Minnesota.
Minnesota is never where Dante's call peppers came from.
Yeah, he came from.
Yeah.
Now we go back.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Colin Neal.
Speaking.
Neal.
How are you, man?
Great, man.
Never cause you before, but long, long time, listen, listen, I don't really give a rest behind a father's rooted draft.
Now it's been their money.
He's not going to change my life and yet still got to get up in the morning and go to work.
That's right.
Good point.
Put on your pantaloonies and shave and do the whole routine.
That's right.
Well, maybe I know where to pan through.
Well, I hope so.
Hi, and you think you know, you have a great day.
Okay, you have a wonderful life.
WQA, QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is why I'm talking about lunch today.
What do you say he had?
What fellow lunch today?
Oh, I'm real happy for him.
I have my lunch right now, little Swiss cheese, little spites.
And it's made in the Ontario knows.
Shownberg, Ontario, limited.
And I'm sure that they are.
WQA, and hello.
Well, Stanley Smith.
Oh, speaking of Ryan and Paul, are they still honor they are taking about a ten minute break?
I heard that I had a radio.
I had a radio.
15 hours a second.
That painting, Paul, and old Ronald Spielinger.
Yes, today.
Stanley Smith won't move on the way.
We knew that, but I'll never knew how to play.
I can't believe what happened yesterday.
Oh, my God.
Yesterday.
Oh, playing off in the scene so far away.
Thanks to Stanley, now there is no way.
Oh, yesterday is so cruel, yeah.
Why you try to play the role where you're made.
Oh, go away.
Stanley, now I love you, Ryan.
So, yeah.
Yes, please.
Probably, everyone.
Maybe I've read you, Quins, a little bit too clean cut for the organization.
They like you know, kind of that gangster attitude, that whole deal.
The dolphins have had a long, long list.
How about the Mee-Trius Underwood?
You think we can get him back?
He was a cut above the rest.
Remember, to me, Quins Underwood isn't either guy who tried to slice his neck.
Huh?
Chris, you did something.
I don't remember if that's what it was.
He did something.
A little something.
1238 votes on the pool.
We got, let's see, 48 minutes, and we need 62 votes.
That should be easy, all we ever know.
We go.
I'm telling you, Moses was the wisest man.
Ha, what are you?
My shoe gonna Abraham was devices.
Now, when you moose, no, I say Abraham.
I say Abraham.
Abraham, Abraham, Jacob, Jacob, let us worse.
Amen to that whole!
After a hard day arguing religious law, these thirsty scholars head for their favorite refreshments.
Israel Lightview.
The Hyde.
It's a mitzvah!
Israel Light smooth as locks and cream cheese.
And it tastes great, fatlaster feeling.
Tejkla.
Tejkla.
Tejkla.
Tejkla.
Israel Light.
The beer chosen by the chosen people.
2018, you know, something just dawned on me.
And you might want to mark it down and repeat it back to me in future years when I'm 100 years old.
Okay.
I'm pretty slow.
Is that what you want me to write down?
Yeah.
Okay.
I can be really slow.
And you know what I'm talking about?
No.
Now, even you being the non-sports and certainly the non-hockey person that you are,
you've heard me lament the fact that way, way back, it's got to be like nine years ago.
We were done there on the second floor and that makes you have made believe studio.
Yeah.
And I just come back from Europe.
And I read in USA Today in the international edition, the Panthers created for a pop-out beret.
Who probably we own one of the most exciting players ever to play the game.
I thought, man, all man that's exciting and the town is going to be all whipped up.
And it was like I came back and nobody even knew who that was, much less cared, you know.
Right.
I do remember that.
And I said, that's because it's not a hockey town.
No, it's not because it's not a hockey town.
It's not.
No.
It's because it is what it is.
In fact, can I sell South Florida no seriously?
You know, one or four letter word that we can actually say on here.
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
That's it.
And so now, if you're wondering, well gee, everybody in the media was just psychotic over what happened on Saturday.
I mean, first we give the draft this big build up and then man dog is going through the thing with us and order a game outfit and his cap and all this stuff.
And it's like nothing.
Nothing.
You know what I mean?
It would be like if you had a sexual experience, but nothing happened.
And it was like, huh?
Yeah, just like that.
What just happened?
Nothing.
So it's been for a year.
Yeah, nothing happened.
No, I'm not talking about you.
I mean, you're just a hard ass, you know.
You're just a hard ass little spec.
Refuses kind of soft marketing.
You just play the American mindless game of giving me to ball, giving me to ball, giving me to ball.
Okay.
Well, I'll play it.
I just don't want to watch other people doing it.
Yeah.
The day I see you play in football, that'll be a cool day in the court.
Yeah.
Have you?
Yeah.
Me too in high school.
I couldn't catch that damn thing.
First of all, juice dumbass with pig skin.
My hands are too small.
I can't get a good grip on it, you know.
Man, do I love a good brat word?
I'm sure you've never had that problem.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
No.
Q-A-L.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just wanted to tell you about this drink that I showed up my breakfast.
Wow.
And it was worth her answer.
They were having a party.
Right.
As what he said.
And he's in the middle.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and they were rising in singular wireless line.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, sir.
I was a black man.
I feel the draft was very, very bad.
I lost a great queen.
Mm-hmm.
It's right there.
I did in junior.
Yeah.
No kidding.
With a bad accent.
Q-A-M, hello.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number one.
Dolph, Dolph, Dolph, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number one.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hello, A-M, yes, sir.
Very meal.
Yeah.
For someone who's supposedly doesn't care about sports, you're talking a lot about the Dolphins and the drafts.
Yeah, well, that's because that's what's going on right now, Schmuck.
That's why.
No.
Why are you being a hypocrite?
A hypocrite, huh?
Yeah.
Look up the word, okay?
You don't even know what it means.
You would know hip-hop ideas if it came and stuck its foot up your ass.
Maybe it would.
Maybe it wouldn't be the first time.
447 votes on the pool.
Why are you being a hypocrite?
Yes, watch, Schmuck.
I'll talk about whatever you want to talk about.
How do you like that?
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
W-E-Q-A-M, hello.
The meal, helping yourself is dead.
Can you?
W-E-M, hello.
Yeah, let me talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm wearing my pants.
32 A-M, hello.
Want a place, Shadow?
567, I'm going to go back to my pool.
I want a pile, not my pool.
It's all 50 by the way in a pool, Chris.
Come on, baby.
38 minutes for 50 votes.
Should we be able to do that, generally?
Chris?
Yeah, that's fine.
Is he eating or something now or not?
No, he's texting his girlfriend.
He's texting his girlfriend again.
I think it's a good idea.
He's texting his boyfriend.
I'm not you.
You said you didn't have a girlfriend.
Who are you texting?
Who are you sending evil text messages?
Not texting anybody.
Don't you have to cry and play it off.
They're ahead, you're not.
Deputy Secretary of State Randall L. Tobias submitted his resignation Friday,
after confirming the way we see news.
He had been a customer of Washington DC, S. Gord service.
Oh, my God.
Whose owner has been charged by federal prosecutors,
who is learning a prostitution operation,
una prostatuta.
Tobias, 65 Director of U.S. Foreign Aid Assistance
and Ministry of the U.S. Agency for International Development
and Previously Service Ambassador for the Presidency Emergency Fund for AIDS Relief.
A State Department Press release late Friday afternoon,
saying he was only leaving for personal reasons.
On Thursday, Tobias told ABC News, he had several times called the Pamela Martin
and Associates S. Gord service to have gals come over to the condo
and give me a massage.
Tobias, who is married, said there had been no sex,
and then recently he had been using another service
with Central Americans to provide massages.
Hmm.
I never had any massage from any Central American, did you?
No.
Tobias's private cell number was among thousands of numbers listed
in the telephone Americans provided by ABC News by Gene Palfrey,
the woman dubbed the DC Madam, who was facing federal charges.
An interview to be broadcast next Friday on 2020, or is that 2020?
Tobias says she intends to call the buys and number her other prominent DC clients
to testify on her trial.
I'm sure it's not going to be going to federal prison for one day,
little on four-day years, because I'm shy about bringing in the Deputy Secretary of whatever she told ABC News.
Tobias maintains she ran a sexual fantasy business that was legal,
and that if any of the women were working for her head sex,
they did so in violation of her rules and without her knowledge.
She says there are a number of other prominent Washington DC men who'll be on her witness list.
I will bring air be last one of them, and if necessary, Talfrey said.
As the Bush administration's so-called AIDS Tsar,
Tobias was criticized by some for emphasizing faithfulness and abstinence
over condoms to present the atiferent thus far of AIDS.
In a 2004 interview, Tobias explained his approach as A and B and C.
Abstinence works, be faithful works, condoms work, they all have a role he said,
but it's not multiple choice where there's only one answer.
As the top official overseeing global AIDS funding to other countries,
Tobias was responsible for enforcing US policy and acted during the Bush administration
that requires recipients to swear they oppose prostitution and sex trafficking.
Now another hypocrite, there's that word hypocrite again.
How do you like that?
Only in this case it happens to be...
Absolute correct sir.
How do you like that?
From 57 on a poll we need 43 votes and 35 minutes man,
it's going to be nip and tuck down to the wire just like Mrs. Sipi and Alabama.
Just like in that Hoss race, nip and tuck.
And what does that mean nip and tuck? You know what that means?
Not really, no.
We know what it means, but where did that come from?
Kind of stupid.
A lot to wait for.
Like a email.
What is it?
I said a lot to wait for another email like we got all those nip and tuck.
Oh nip and tuck.
Whatever that it is.
And the people that call in, they're just like them like that they run the water court,
the weed, and they're high, and they're...
I mean it's terrible.
But he is that I've been looking at listening to 610 and I see it.
And this here, yeah, excuse me.
I f*** them out, my son.
Mr. Mouse.
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir?
Why am I reading in the paper?
You're going to put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations.
Jesus, I'm scouting CEOs.
You are killing me.
But sir, look what we've done with New York City Times Square for the second street.
In your arms.
Raymond!
Raymond!
Where are all the vacuum quitter, Raymond?
Get that blue bird out of here.
Okay boss.
Eisner, but sir, look what we've done with Midtown Manhattan.
42nd Street is incredible.
I know what, publicly I support at that, but you took all the porn away.
You're killing me.
I'm going through a gabboscon like kids.
We're just scouting areas calm down.
What's the need but munch?
Don't tell me to calm down.
We got lucky with Lee Loan's stitch, $128 million.
Now, you're trying to ruin my whole network.
What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute.
Raymond!
Yes, Bob.
Bluebird crap all over your shoulder.
Bring yourself up for heaven's sake.
And turn off the module cleaner.
Look, God.
Sir, the network is fine.
Why couldn't you come up with American Idol?
Good God, you're still running James Bobmovings.
They're 60 years old.
Why don't you just put Steamboat william on and be done with it?
Please, now I've made a couple of damn dollars.
Well, the movie division's fine.
You mentioned Lee Loan's stitch, and now we have the new M Night Shummel on movie coming out later this summer.
Oh, it does.
What the hell does that mean?
Stop sign, yield sign.
You've got to start swinging some of these titles past me.
Please.
Raymond!
Raymond!
It ain't you, Bob!
I know you can't hear me.
Raymond!
You're still running on the market, Planner!
Here's a love of gum running on the market!
Get out of here, Raymond!
We take that bluebird with you!
Oh, all right.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
I'd be very careful the next time I started my car.
Why were you?
What do you mean, sir?
I'm not done with you.
What?
I'm not done.
Sir.
I'm not done with you.
I'm not done with you.
I'm in your job, but sir.
You're terrible, I'm sorry.
Maybe I'll put remiss in there.
I just wanted to be president of Disney Remiss.
Oh, man.
What a wonderful day!
Get out of here, you nutbag.
Which reminds me to ask you this very important question.
What's the difference between a bluebird and a bluejay?
There is, actually.
But I don't even know what a bluebird is.
I mean, I've seen bluejay's in my backyard there.
They're different breed.
Carnals.
I've seen carnals.
Yankees.
Right.
Dodgers.
Likewise, there are blackbirds and then there are crows and ravens and things.
Birds without our black.
Probe 157 boats on the pole.
We need 43 and 27 minutes.
This could be a little problematical, Chris.
Well, the...
Oh, it's 12.67.
We need 33 boats in 27 minutes.
We should be able to do that.
And by the way, thanks to Bob in Cape Canaveral, who sends a thanks to remind me.
You know what, today is it's April 30th.
Bunger, man.
Maybe do you know that ahead of time?
No, no, absolutely not.
I know it because I've been there on Queens Day.
You know what?
You don't want to be there in Netherlands, in Holland.
It's Queens Day, every April 30th.
They actually have a Queen.
Well, they got many Queens.
But they've got Queen Beatrix.
Is it like the titular Queen of the country?
Can I say that?
What word did you say?
Titular.
At any rate, cheese of the Queen.
And every April 30th, all these...
Every business is closed down, kids are out of school.
And all these people come in from all over the country.
They come in on the train and on the plane and all over the place.
And it is so jam-packed.
Anybody whoever wants to go to Amistadon,
don't go on April 30th.
Make sure that's not one of the days you're going to be there.
I mean, you know, if you want to be in the middle of a city and people,
that's fine, but you can't even walk.
The only good part about that is you go out and you pretend,
you know, like you're squirming through the crowd.
You see somebody really interesting.
Like, oh, excuse me.
And you're like, you know, you're a little field.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I'm saying if you're a perfect, you know how to do it.
But it's just not a day to be there.
So I want you to mark that down when you go to Amsterdam.
Alright.
Make sure it's not April 30th.
WDQA and hello.
Any other questions?
Maybe you can explain to me why I'm having immigration problem in flight rectum.
Yeah.
Uh, uh, uh, rectum.
Too much influx, maybe.
That's the problem.
Too much influx.
How we spell on that?
567-0560, 05-560 in the Verizon's finger.
Well, how many was that for him today?
About third, man.
At least WDQA and hello.
QA and.
Got this, now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was in the orchestra, then, and I was, and I asked the guy where the 42nd deep fairly
was.
Yeah.
Okay.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Good.
Hey, I just wanted to thank the dolphins for ruining my sex life for the next 12 to 15 years
because I was going to drag my wife to every dolphin practice so she could watch Brady Quinn
and then bring her home and read the benefits of the cousin them.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Now, I guess you must be too.
Pretty sad comment here when you have to get your wife all worked up about somebody else, isn't it?
Huh?
Huh?
Huh?
Yeah.
Pretty sad.
At least he's honest though.
He's a loser.
1274, and that business is about going to take her to practice.
I mean, practice makes perfect.
She's all over in your case, I think it's beyond hope.
26 more votes in 24 minutes.
That's like barely more than one minute.
Chris.
Neil.
Well, he's really, uh, what's his story today?
Is he like choking on his own?
No, this is all him, I even told him.
What am I going to be?
You're reading the numbers.
What am I supposed to say to every time?
I was telling you we're going to get all my things on good.
You're going to be going like, you know, it's, you know, back and forth.
Get as excited as you do when the food shows up.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm not going to come in here today.
Get in here, get in here.
Yeah.
Like you do when the food shows up, Mr. Hot Pistor.
Come on.
You can do it.
Just relax.
Okay, no problem.
It's only Monday.
And then keep in mind Wednesday right here at 1230.
Okay.
Then you'll be animated WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I have a question for you.
I remember you used to go to a lot of days quite a bit.
And all of a sudden, basically, you just stop.
Yeah, was there a specific incident that caused you to stop going there?
Or you just cut tie it up?
You know, could I go about four or five times a year?
And I just love it.
Four or five times a year?
Yeah.
For what?
Well, we go, I don't get on a date.
I'm only getting on a date with night.
But we got to like, amount of Charleston to go skiing or go down and like, needing a water
skiing the next day.
How long has he been thinking, I ski or I water ski?
Do you think I do those things?
No, because there was other things that I would assume.
Or like, there's, there's, I'd say, shock.
The shock exhibit down there.
Is everything to see from these sides?
Are shock exhibit?
No, I mean, if you're under one exhibit down there,
like, uh, hey, I mean, there's other things besides just the gambling that shows which
are terrific.
Let me put it this way.
There's great food here.
There's all the gambling I could ever handle it would by under Niagara Falls.
It falls view.
I don't need to slip all the way out there in the middle of the desert.
I've been there a hundred times.
I enjoyed it.
I like it, but that's it.
You know, everything runs its course.
Okay, let's do it.
Okay, good luck to you.
What's wrong with you don't want to come to Vegas now?
I don't want any part of it.
Okay, it's way out there.
You know, it's a place that everybody should go at least once in a lifetime when you agree
with that.
Both of you is absolutely.
I love Vegas.
You know, you're so full of crap.
You love Vegas.
I do.
When we're twice, I want to go back more often.
Well, yeah, twice.
Okay.
I'm sure that after I was there only twice, I said, oh, I say that all the time.
I did go back a lot.
And let me say it again.
I'm not interested in the shark swimming underwater.
I'm not interested in the buffet's to go and pick out which I don't need.
And, you know, so they got two worth of Chris Daycows.
They're, guess what, they got a good one here too.
You know what I really like Vegas?
What's that?
One I'm in Atlantic City.
Atlantic City blows.
That's why you're like Vegas.
But that would be like my sin.
I like Vegas when I'm at Woodbine, you know.
It's the same thing, man.
Same machines, man.
Same game, man.
Same deal.
Luz-
Why-
It's L-Y-A.
Luz-Y-O-S.
That's what it's all about.
Luz-Y-O-S.
And if I'm going to lose my ass, I can get in the cab in 20, 25 minutes away.
I'm right there at Woodbine, beautiful racetrack with a very nice racing home on.
1700 machines and free food and free aggravation and whatever you want.
A lot of smelly people.
Why do I need to go all the way to Vegas?
I will say this if you go to the MGM, which I love in Vegas.
You go to the MGM.
There's a living and breathing crowd in there.
There's like, you know, people under the age of 100.
But you guys are always giving me this crap.
All the old people play the slots by Loni, man.
Bill Loni, like that guy says.
Bill Loni.
Where's that red bit?
Do we have one where he says Bill Loni?
I think so.
Or San Loni.
Bill Loni.
Bill Loni.
Bill.
What do you want to talk to?
Bill.
Loni.
Loni.
Loni.
Loni.
Bill Loni here.
Bill Loni.
Nobody by that side.
No, no, Bill Loni.
Okay.
Prop 78 on a full way.
20 minutes to the 22 votes.
We should be able to ease on in the way.
You know, that should be no.
In fact, let me hit that view current thing.
And just to get a little excitement going.
What do we have?
1279.
We got another vote.
Aren't you thrilled or what?
No.
I'm a static.
I'm not.
I'm just, I'm still in shock from that whole thing with a draft.
Because the way they built that up, and then all these experts,
all these expert-proverts come on afterward after they picked the tip.
They might begin.
And they're like, it was like they were pissed off because they, you know,
you guys made us look bad.
We all said they were on crap, you know, like that.
So not only do they think that the dolphins made a bad choice,
they also felt that they made them look bad, probably on purpose too.
Kim Cameron, my ass.
How about Warren Cameron and Bill Cameron?
Rock solid.
He'll ride you.
It's the certifiably intense.
John McKay, singing his way to the heights of voters across the country.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
Anyway, I think the red is a great red.
The reds are the key with their ever-short wire.
I knew where it was.
You know.
Anyway, bum bum bum bum brin.
Bum bum bum bum brin.
And after a risk of vacation in the Middle East, tired Isavirac,
he packed a bag, dad, and his jeeps,
doing bark on a bench-boy straight-capitur.
Boy, it'd be nice to have you truly a short destruction.
So everyone can have bombs on their head.
As you're over-lord, I will have no componsions.
Adventures.
Thank you for your vote.
Making you dead.
It's not an ice-dip-poke fun, but mentally, handicapped.
So let the old man wear out the war hero welcome that.
My brain sunk down to my cheeks.
Where I stored nuts and many other things.
I'm just putting a room for my wallet, car keys, and even a wristwatch.
And I crazy a hole.
McCain's message is clear.
If you listen carefully to the voices inside his cheeks,
that only knows when we're getting hotter-gated.
They're fine-siggered, I see her.
They're fine-siggered, I see her as fine as fine as fine.
We're not going to have a good-bye tonight.
But I'm still making a camp on the secret path.
I'm getting the kids and vice-sigurred.
We're not going to have a good night's cigarette.
I'm making a camp on the secret path.
They're fine-siggered.
They're fine-siggered.
Crazy person, crazy person walking, John McCain.
147 and a bad, this stand-up comic.
From 90 on the pool, and interestingly enough,
most mortals wouldn't notice this.
We know the clock that we have on our website.
Yeah.
On our private page.
It stopped.
And I just refreshed and it started up again.
Oh, thank God for that, Eric.
147, I want to make sure we're right on time.
I want to make sure that we're in stink.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
From 91 on the pool, we need only nine votes in 13 minutes.
Even Chris knows that we can do that.
Even a slacker like Chris.
I guess he's out of the stop worrying about it now.
I'm not worried.
Listen, I'm as worried about the pool result
as I am about whether the dolphins drafted Brady Quinn.
Because the honest to goodness truth is,
even though I was shocked and amazed,
I couldn't give a flying leap, how do you like that?
Okay.
I'm a scale of personal important things.
You know what I mean?
In other words, my personal priorities.
The NFL draft and whom was drafted by the dolphins,
or not were drafted, I couldn't care less.
I didn't enjoy looking at him sitting there for a long time.
And I also enjoyed the fact that he had that very marginal
looking blonde girlfriend.
Because I'm one of those perverts who believes that when you are an athlete,
you know, a super jock like Brady Quinn's been in college
and you look like he does, you can probably
consult with whomever you choose.
I imagine.
Or, you know, in Indiana.
I beg your pardon.
He's been in Indiana, you know.
There might not be that great, you know, looking girls up there.
In the Midwest?
Yeah.
What are you talking about?
I've never been to the Notre Dame in Indiana, so you know.
There is no Notre Dame in Indiana.
How about South Bend, or whatever, you know?
Notre Dame in Indiana.
Oh my God.
Popped.
What's his name?
Jacob.
Oh no.
1292.
I bet you we're going to get to 13,
remember before we've been to the last break, let's see.
Tone-95.
See that?
Plus tax.
They love it.
Of Tom V.S. Congressional Democrat has raised a Notre Dame in Indiana.
Oh, brother.
Of Tom V.S. Congressional Democrat has raised the possibility of George Bush's impeachment
in a bid to force the president to accept the compromise that will place conditions
on continued U.S. military involvement in Iraq.
Representative John Murthy, who chairs the House of Committee on Defense
and is close to House Picernancy Pelosi,
made the comment yesterday in response to repeated threats by the president
to veto legislation that caused for withdrawal of U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of next March.
There are three or four ways to influence a president, Murthy,
said on ABCBS's face donation.
One is popular opinion.
The election.
Third is impeachment.
And fourth is the purse.
I didn't know the president had a purse.
I know the queen has that little purse she carries everywhere.
You know, the queen?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, you know the queen.
No, sorry.
And specifically of Democrats in our control of Congress were seriously contemplating the impeachment option.
The congressman responded,
what I'm saying, there are four ways to influence a president and one of them is impeachment.
Oh!
The impeachment threat is being dangled as the White House and congressional Democrats face a new showdown
of Iraq policy and coming weeks.
Isn't it funny they used that word dangled?
Just like they were dangling these, the prospect of Brady Quinn being drafted by the,
they were dangling.
I wonder if Brady was dangling.
I sure would have been like to have been there to see that.
Anyway, 1295 on the pool, let's take a look at the result.
Shall we?
Oh, look at that.
A big chunk just came in and Chris is safe again.
Well, you sure live, you're like the, uh, the cat with 85 lives.
Okay, it's not 85 lives.
Maybe it's, yeah, that.
13 hundred even.
You ready?
Can you even handle that?
Sure.
You are such a punts.
It's just, you know,
how pissed off are you the dolphins didn't draft Brady Quinn.
That's our pro question.
They, you think that on the sports show.
Now, do they do polls on the QM website?
No.
Why not?
That's our good buddy, Josh Cornish, in charge of that.
Why are you trying to give Josh Cornish our work there he has?
But wouldn't you, wouldn't you think if this station was going to be doing a poll about a sports issue like that?
It, it belongs on there.
Wouldn't you, wouldn't you think that?
Well, I know the morning show would do one on their own, like,
page of the home page or something, but as a regular one,
I don't think anybody else does one, but us.
I'm talking about a, a propitious moment like now when everybody,
all the sports nerds are whipped up into a frenzy and either relieved or pissed off or psychotic or something.
You know, I'm going to tell Josh, you better get one after before I show this over.
How pissed off are you that I'm sure he's going to pay attention to you.
I'm sure he takes orders, marching orders from you.
Didn't draft Brady Quinn.
I'll tell him it's coming from you.
Don't, yeah, tell him it's coming from me and then he hasn't cashed that check yet.
I can stop him.
How come he hasn't cashed it, by the way, sure?
I hope that dog is okay.
I'm sure he's going to the doctor today, so I'm sure he's cashed already.
Who, Josh, is the dog?
Yes.
Don't care about Brady Quinn, but all of his 474, 36.5%, that's our crowd, you know.
You're our crowd.
Not a conist with cheese.
Not surprised, they suck, meaning the dolphin organization, 374.
They suck.
I'm happy.
He blows 155.
Poor Brady, he looked so lowly and so despondent and so unloved, sitting there with that pasty blonde.
I agree with their choice, 147.
Who the hell wants him anyhow?
Fighting Irish Mayas from Notre Dame, Indiana.
I've actually been a South Bend, how do you like that?
And you know what?
What?
You're missing nothing.
Psychotic, I'm psychotic about it 90 and ready to blow my brains out.
61, well don't let us stop him.
Out of 1308.
It's kind of great.
Okay, well it's going to be pretty interesting to hear what the Mr. Magdog has to say
after going through all that self-degreation with the Notre Dame cap and the Notre Dame.
It got only those of what else he was doing there.
And of course here on the station now that we have the dolphin broadcasts,
I'm not suggesting that we're going to kiss their ass or you know suck up like that.
But you know what?
Not on issue anyway.
But I have a feeling that on the sports shows it's...
Better than joy, religion, my religion's better than joy.
Oh, oh!
My beliefs are what you require.
You avoid the length of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Oh!
My religion have the taste, bit of tree and racial hate.
My religion's better than yours.
You ferry.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
What we like about it best, I find no boys and wear red dress.
My religion's better than yours.
What we like about it best, I find no boys and girls.
My religion's better than yours.
I speak up.
We have no respect for women.
I have a cap to make a living by the religion better than yours.
My religion's better than joy, religion only.
My religion's better than yours.
You fahabra spooky ghost, we slaughter pigs and dogs and goats.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Yeah, we will be decent together.
We'll never ever pay the bill.
My religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now endorse the father you like former brushless,
new high-reliant, primary religion's better than your voice.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and catching married lots of wives.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We now want to use our rain for mindless life and comfort.
My religion's better than yours.
My, my, my!
