Why the hell are you?
Could you do that music?
Goodbye.
I guess we got the gun at 1.4.
Been a long time.
Yeah.
You've been waiting for this.
There's a marvelous place I know.
All the wealthy people here.
It's where royalty play follow.
And that's what I like about Velca.
A down where evil is on never small.
A down where they say health call.
In every corner as a wall.
And that's what I like about Velca.
Velca.
Spend 10 grand out of the first few years.
Spend the day on Jewish bakery.
This huge heart takes these delicacies.
And that's what I liked about Velca.
And all of these obscure are additives.
Then on the MW's, at the wee fine pleasure,
and being ruled, that's what I like about Velca.
Do Chi Bells and Rolex watches?
White shoes because so of notches.
If you're clean, let you touch us.
And that's what I like about Bokeh.
Oh, we really don't care what you think.
You see, our do-do doesn't stink.
There's no coffee.
Only Mokeh.
And that's what I like about Bokeh.
That's what I like about Bokeh.
I think about Bokeh.
It says, you know what I like about Bokeh.
I'm not there.
That's what I like the best.
In fact, that's what I love about South Florida.
Is that?
I'm not there.
Anyway, it's a 1002 at Q&A.
I'm keeping it a secret.
We have Mad Dog at two of the power hour.
There is no power.
I don't know why clearance can't make out a schedule after all this time.
You think for the money they're paying him, he could at least make a freaking schedule.
I wasn't idiot.
Mad Dog from 2 to 5, because Humber is in a Baltimore for the pre-pneus.
Like Dave Johnson calling at 11 o'clock this morning here on this show.
For our preview of the A.D. Freakness.
And then you got Gildy at 5 o'clock.
Morality.
Things.
I don't ask me why.
I guess nobody else is around for an hour.
Marlon pre-game is at 6.05 to Marlon's at Tampa 6.4.
Maybe they can be 10.
They got beat 7.2 by the Pirates last night.
And then Game Night with Ed Kaplan follows Marlon's baseball.
Wow, how'd you like to follow the Marlon's baseball game?
Whatever.
So Chris is out today.
I guess Chris thought he was going to be supporting Boka Brian.
That's probably what it was all about.
Yeah, he's boycottting.
Because remember, we threatened to boycott if they didn't take care of that and get him paid.
I mean, the guy started it.
And all the great stuff he's done.
So far sounds anymore.
So I think we'll play all Boka Brian bits today during the show.
All right.
That'll really frustrate one guy.
You know, the one guy, I think that guy croaked or something.
Remember him?
Yeah.
And he didn't miss all he ever himself.
Boka Brian sucks.
Get him off the air.
I'm going to get the word of it either.
I think you're part of it.
I didn't believe a word of it.
I thought he was just a no-jumper of a guitar.
Nobody dislikes Boka Brian.
That is correct.
Nobody was a sense of humor.
But then again, there are many people in South Florida who have no sense of humor.
That's true.
Here's the result from yesterday is pulled.
Well, there are a lot of people looking forward to my demise.
I'll tell you that 1557 vote on the Daniel Croke's Weldby your response.
Well, I have a lot of things to do and many things to purchase before I croke.
So, things to do.
Things to do.
Oh, yeah.
I got a lot of things to do.
Believe you me.
I could draw you a picture of what they look like.
Anyway, he died doing who, I mean, what he wanted to do, 432.
Sounds like a wiener to me.
I don't have no idea what that means.
He was a lover of human being, blah, blah, blah.
Who's in the will, 313?
Who's in the will?
If only you could know.
I told you, I'm just going to take care of him a little bit.
Not too much.
Whatever, talk it.
Well, I mean, if I didn't have all these other people that I got to take care of,
but I got to take care of the world, man.
I agree.
We are the world.
That's me.
Just a big-hearted old fag.
He's in that big radio station in the sky, 211.
He's Maconon Jesus right now, 144.
Are you sure?
He died a free man, no wife, 124.
He was adorable, 121.
Holy, holy Moses, he was adorable.
I'm going to tell you right now, anybody who calls me adorable,
that person is really suspect, you know what I mean?
In every possible way, in a way, I say,
I would say that I'm adorable.
That person is suspect.
He was a rotten bastard, good, ridden, 90.
5.7% of the audience say I'm a rotten bastard and I should only croak.
Hubman-draared.
Well, isn't that sweet?
That's the typical self-order response.
Boy, I sure miss him, 88.
That was the late addition and that almost caught.
He was a rotten bastard.
And then I know he's up there looking down at us, 34,
very, very silly people.
Well, they probably know what else to vote.
1,157 votes on what I thought was, you know,
a reasonable pull, but not spectacular.
Yeah.
Today's, I think, is pretty good all the way.
The number of votes is not all that sensational
because Chris isn't here to write it down in his loose-leaf binder.
We got Miguel here today.
He's going to write it down in his find you all.
Well, there's that drooling yehu, a Lindsey Graham on CNN.
A drooling yehu.
Ah, that y'all come back.
One thing about the deep self, man.
I don't know what it is.
Is it lack of education?
Is it like the in-bred factor?
What is it about the deep self?
In-bred factor?
In-bred factor?
And there's slow and critical.
And of course those two go hand in hand.
Slow and ignorant, you know?
Y'all come back now, I hear.
Anyway, I just got this thing and that's probably why I'm so far up north.
Maybe I wind up north to Alaska with Johnny Horton.
Don't you have to play it again.
Good.
Why?
You had a hard time finding that the first time.
Never thought about it.
When you came up yesterday with I'm going to sit right down and write myself a letter with Billy Williams,
the Billy Williams quartet, whatever it was.
I almost fell off the chair and was peed in my pantaloonies.
That was sensational.
I'm going to sit right here.
You have to play it again.
There it is.
You now go here and all the corrects.
I'm going to sit right down in the right eye.
I'm still going to roll the middle.
Well, good.
Because nobody else wants to be in the anyway.
Billy, you're probably dead.
I got it by Fat's Waller too.
How do you like that?
Do you?
Well, let's hear that a little bit.
Just to cover my ass.
He was a blues man.
He was a preceded fat sondamon.
That was a Boca brides suggestion to me.
What's that?
That I should get it by Fat's Waller as well.
So I got it.
Oh, listen to that.
Wow.
It was like old people skating music.
It's like a crashy 78 or something.
Wooden floor roll.
Yeah.
And he was a great pianist.
That's just the instrumental.
I don't know.
It sounds like it's me.
I don't know.
I have a feeling he's going to sing.
I will.
Keep it going.
I will.
661 votes under the age of four, which is not very
how it's supposed to be.
To be honest with you.
It's not going to be sponsored.
What do you call me?
You call me a spiket story.
You're going to be a spiket story.
Well, it's true.
I'm outnumbered today.
I got Miguel André.
It's a spikatory.
And they know the spiketing lace.
What's the worst thing you've ever
gotten sucked into as our poll today?
Yeah.
And I'm just reading the result.
I'm not making any editorial comments.
I will.
I will.
Yeah, but you will.
But off the air, please.
665 votes.
Worst thing you've ever got sucked into.
Getting married to a grenade.
That seems to be.
I sure hope that there are a lot of people out there listening
to these sound-mire whists right now.
But I can't sound good enough.
Getting married to a George Curtis for that very enthusiastically.
The worst thing is the biggest mistake.
I think he may sing any second.
Come on.
Very good.
I'd just like that.
Never heard any form of my life.
But you can hear the hook coming.
I'll get the hook.
A letter.
Oh, he's bad.
Wow.
He's dead.
Get rid of him.
Getting married was the worst thing.
2008.
There's some happy married people.
I'm sure we'd have to get us find a search party.
But there's some.
Lots of people pretending to be a religion.
123.
My job.
84.
Oh, brother.
This one.
Whoa.
Doing this kind of heavy duty work for this kind of money.
Supporting supporting the Iraq war.
And I don't I'm not going to keep reading that thing
in parentheses.
I don't like who whose pull is this Charlie B.
It's okay.
It's good.
Pulled it.
I was before it before I was against it.
I was for it.
I don't know.
70.
Yeah, whatever.
The stock market before crashed 73.
I might have tabulated on that.
My space 27.
The worst thing they've got sucked into.
I say that's one of the best things I've got sucked into.
It doesn't start too good.
As McGill would know and would admit you down here killed me, man.
Sorry.
And now we have 1392 friends on there.
Some of whom are really fine, fine people and good friends.
And are you pleased about that?
That you've enhanced my life and I've reached my existence on the planet?
You have no idea.
No, you have no idea.
I'm telling you.
The Atkins diet 26 now.
How's George doing with the Zankins diet?
Great.
Have ice cream yesterday.
I have to admit one.
I'm doing great.
My buddies.
This goes going to be very upset with me.
I'm definitely promise I will not have any ice cream today over the weekend.
I promise.
I did have some of the low carb green field pasta the other day, but that's the only
carb that I've got.
That's okay.
I think it's phony as hell.
I mean, your blood sugar still goes up just as a matter of fact, your blood sugar goes
up over a period of hours more so than usual.
I just had a tiny portion.
Well, you don't know because you don't take your blood sugar.
But I do.
I listen to you being the old fat diabetic queen that I am.
And it's just I don't know.
I ran out of it.
I had a ton of it.
I had two cases of it and I ate it over a period of time and around.
I didn't get no.
I didn't get no mole.
Although I would like some macaroni and cheese.
Oh, man.
And of course they do make the macaroni, besides they make several different products.
I love people who say, well, pasta is all pasta.
You know, it's just different shapes and yeah, there's a lot of other things like that,
too.
Anyway, what's to the pool?
The Edkins diet 27.
Going through a college or grad school of 23 and joining the military 23, well, at least
they're still around to admit it anyway.
Out of 672 votes.
I think we're going to be hard pressed to make 1,000 of them.
You want to know why?
I think this is that I've been saying this for quite a while because we had the early
Easter and pace off and a lot of people have bailed out of Florida.
But on top of that, starting right now, it's the May 18th.
They'll the ACO, the mile.
See, I don't like that in probably in French too, but I know the French numbers after
the French numerical system is a nightmare.
It's the worst in the world.
I'm talking about Italian and Spanish.
I mean, what about it?
It was a certain point in their words like Catorci and Kinsley and then the AC says,
I mean, I don't like that.
10 plus 6, what is English?
What are you talking about?
16.
Right?
I'd say one word.
It's not 10.
It's not 10 plus 6.
What are you talking about?
All right.
Same thing in English.
10 plus 7.
Yeah, that's how you know where you're at.
What the hell are you talking about?
No wonder they want to deport your kind.
Right.
Whatever your kind is.
Just trouble maker.
That's what I'm talking about.
So we got 672 votes on there.
Dave Johnson be called at 11 o'clock.
That'll kill a few minutes.
Oh, there you go again.
Neil, it sounds like all you care about is when is to a clock coming and mandat's just
coming on so you can get out of there.
That's right.
And I am going to take a call today, but it's only going to be Dave.
And keep your eye peeled on that bat line when it gets to be around 11 o'clock.
Because you know me, I'm already seeing now and feeble.
I'm going to be the idea of them.
Plus, I'm out of practice looking at that thing and the monitor.
Because, or nearly I got it turned off anyway.
I wonder what Miguel's take is on that.
The fact that I'm taking any calls all this week and probably next week and a long time from now.
I have no take.
What?
I have no take.
What do you mean by that?
Come on.
I can handle it.
Let's hear it.
What do you want?
The cost of fuck?
What do you want?
Okay, that's enough.
Don't have to embellish it.
You don't have to go beyond that.
There are no calls.
You can't complain about the calls on this radio station or on any talk station anymore.
There are no calls.
Maybe two or three a year.
But is it really worth going through 85,000 to get one?
That might be fairly, you know, fairly amusing.
Not like fall down and pee in your pants amusing.
Certainly, not as amusing as some things that we can play like.
Ain't no far sounds anymore.
Like that.
And we're not going to play that more than 50 times today by the way.
It's 512 Friday, you bastards.
Ain't no far sounds anymore.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, all right.
Ain't no fun sounds like we're born.
Ain't no far sounds anymore.
There are some sneaky corporate home enjoy,
took them away.
Can't say that.
Shit.
Now.
I'll be cause of some bitch now.
Just to bring the ratings down, she don't want Neil around.
And that's why she took them away.
She's trying to take all that, she's trying to take all she's trying to take all that.
You girl, you girl.
And no more puns at any more.
Just got niche then picked it's off.
líneaught.
adtucky joys muscle.
Twisting our way.
Wooh man that's an option I get weety when.
I hear that. I got to play that at least two, three hundred more times today.
And that's the genius that's chicken at KKA Bulca Brian who's having such a
bitch of a time getting these cheap miserable bastards to pay him. Boy, just
unbelievable. And I wish that he'd leave me alone about all right now. Are you
positive? It's all straightened out. Is that what you promised me this morning?
Claire said that it was all straightened out by the end of the day yesterday. So
he's gonna get paid eventually. Oh well if you believe in evolution, chickens
are gonna piece on day two, but I don't think we'll be here to see it or to
step in it. Wow. How do you like that? He's gonna get paid eventually. Hold your
breath, chicken. Take a deep breath. Inhale now. Like that. Well, let's know when to let it out.
694 votes. Well, I'm gonna tell you it's pretty as slim agreement. That's
because oh, I started to save you for an interrupted myself because I think this is
the beginning for us next weekend. And it's a good thing. I looked at that
calendar, man, because you know, this Monday is a Victoria day. It's a holiday weekend
and can't a day. No, don't you think I ought to get off Canadian holidays too?
Yeah, whatever. Just get off. Oh, I'm gonna try all weekend. It's hard as I can, but
in any rate, uh, Victoria day on Monday. Now I'll be here. But the following
Monday, I will not be here because it's Memorial Day. Now, what are you gonna be
doing for Memorial Day besides working? That's fun. Working. Now, you have to work,
you don't work on Memorial Day. Do you mean go? Of course not. And nobody else will be
either. Just Chris and George. Now, what about Josh Cordis? Maybe he can come in. In
fact, I'm surprised that Chris didn't call Josh Cordis to have him come in today.
But you know if he did that and Josh came back and took his job one day, all the
Josh fans would be out there picketing in the streets demanding the Josh be back
full-time on the show. They just love him. I don't know what that's all about.
He's a good guy. Now, he's a good guy and does a fine job. And when you're out there,
when that one day you were sick, he was, he was good. I don't want you to get
you nervous or anything. He was really good. And you know that because when I'm
out there, you work with him, right? Right. And he's used to play off. So this big
one. Are you used to? What do you mean by that? Oh, that's right. Well, now you've got
fat Christopher. But don't be, look, he's desperate. He's a good guy too. He's a good
guy. He's a good guy. Not Josh though. Right. I hope he's listening, but I'm sure he's
not. Now, is he really sick today? Is he just going off and being half a book? He sounded
sick in the text that he sent me. What do you mean by that? That's a joke. He's
sent me a text saying that he was sick. Yeah. Well, that's what you do, right? Well,
I mean, you can tell where you say he sounded sick and it's a joke. You can tell by
the, the, the verbiage, man. I sent a lot of stuff that, to believe me, is pretty sick.
I'm sick. I'm sick. I have a, six, nine, eight. I bet if I clicked that thing one more
time, where it says, you're current there, it's seven. Oh, boy. Seven, oh, five. A nice
chunk came in here that time. Look at that. Oh, man, right on my cheek. Don't you
eat that when you put your finger on one nostril, you know? And your blow and a big
chuck comes flying out and then you don't know where it went. Blow and blow and blow.
And you blow and you blow. No, you know what I'm saying? Yes. And sometimes it's on
your chin or on your cheek or on your long, long, short, sometimes nasty booger. Oh, man.
And that proves right there. There's no God. There's so many, so many things to prove
there's no God. It's just something people made up because they were a scared of dying.
You know, oh, he's up there looking down on us. Well, he sure ain't do a bunch of
a job. I'll tell you that. And that's what Paul Wolfowitz would say is he is spit
shounen his curly cue there and his is. Paul Wolfowitz ending a fewer over
favoritism that blew up into a global fight over American leadership announced his
resignation as president of the World Bank last night after the bank's board accepted
his claim to his mistakes at the bank were made in good faith. And you want to know why
he resigned? Because he's a crook as they had enough votes to a fire as aes and they were
going to fire him. So the boys people got together and they said, oh, you better over
Zion, Paulie. Paulie won't see him no more. The decision came four days after a special
investigative committee of the bank concluded that he had violated his contract by breaking
ethical and governing rules and arranging the generous paying promotion package for Shah
Ali, a visa his companion in 2005. What kind of a slimy bitch would uh,
consult with him? Oh my god. You even be able to imagine that? Oh, yeah, she's nasty.
Yeah, not as nasty as he is though. And when he was doing that thing with the comb there in
the shirt right now, he was just, oh, another neo-con. He's one of the people him and Richard
Pearl and a bunch of others put the con in neo-con, Bill Crystal, and a whole bunch of fascists.
The resignation defective June 30, June 30, brought a dramatic conclusion to two days of
negotiations between Wolfowitz and the bank board after weeks of turmoil. He assured us that he
acted ethically and in good faith in what he believed were the best interest of the institution.
And we accept that. Said the board directors in the statement issued last night. We also
accept that others involved acted ethically and in good faith. Right. And I carefully negotiated
statement the bank board praised Wolfowitz for his two years of service, especially for his work
and arranging debt relief and pressing for more assistance to poor countries, especially in Africa.
They also cited Wolfowitz's work in combating corruption as signature issue. Right.
Wolfowitz is negotiating the departure of vertebrae with threatened to become a bitter rupture
between the US and its economic partners and an institution established after WW2, the World Bank
channels 22 billion dollars in loans and grants a year to poor countries. Not of course to mention
all the graft that gets put into people's pockets along the way. Any time you've got an institution
like that that's handling billions of dollars. Can you imagine if, oh, here's a million over here,
oh, just found a couple of million over here to fell on the floor. So there's the Wolfowitz thing.
And guess who's got an article here ripping him and ass and ripping the book? I just love it.
Doug Thompson, Capitol Hill Blue. Could it be? Now I bet you Miguel's not going to be too happy
because I'm going to be doing a lot of reading today reading blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. All we do
have daydancing in there. Look at that. There's a phone call coming in from somebody so stupid
that we think I'm going to take it or nearly I don't have that baby on. How could maybe Miguel
pick it up? Just to see who it is just to the hell of it because I'm not going to put it on the air.
Okay. Just pick it up and see if it's like are we living here? You're doing it awfully silly.
I'll tell you the truth. Sorry, I have to do it. Oh, you have to do it. That's how it works.
No, no, no, you're putting it on the air. I don't want you down the air. Oh, Jesus,
God, are you a crazy person or what? You forget how the studio is set up. I don't care how
that studio said man, you just you committed the cardinal sin, man. You're going to be punished
for your sins. I'll try that right now. You better say six million Hail Mary's right now.
I'll just leave. Boy, that was that was that was on. There's no easy way to pick the phone up
in the other studio. Okay, then forget about it. It was a bad suggestion. Okay, it was a bad
way these studios are set up. I see. Well, sounds like it's lame excuse to me. Sounds like more
laziness to me. What do you want? I don't even know those people. What do you mean? What did you
ever do to you? I'm not. I can't imagine what that could be. Prozac for callers. I can't imagine.
710 votes on the pull. What's the worst thing you've ever got sucked into?
Getting married seems to be leading the way out of 717. It's got 225, almost a third of all the votes.
Oh boy. That doesn't speak really well for the institution of marriage. But I'm sure that there
were some people out there that will prove you wrong. Well, I hope for their sake. A religion
130. My job 91 got sucked into this crap. Supporting the Iraq War 85, the more stock market before it
crashed, 76. My space. What how many votes has got? The Actions diet 28 going to college at grad
school 26 and joining the military 26 out of 717 released these 26 are still alive. I think those
385, 60 Q damn. Friday, you bastard.
Do you have any much too?
Prove that this from ourselves
You know the watch
What you say you better or else
You'll understand, you'll understand
The words of these are monetary
Every floor
I'll say I'm finding me
I can say it's not me
It's me, it's me
I hear by all the units assist
And using any force, language
By the power of the enemy
And our Lord God pushed the federal communication
And by a prompt, take us back to howel
Back to this, they want the message I had
From the way they say I'm like the person I said
The words of these are my symbol
I said the words of these
The words of these
The words of these
That's what he wanted to book a bride Friday
Maybe although, yeah, I mean we're not doing this
Because he's not getting the money
Because you said eventually they're going to pay him now
Something like that
Because I've been here for a year
And screamed and threatened and carried on
I want to know when that money is in his hand
I want to know when it's in his account
Hear that boaker? Send us an email, text us
What does he have like direct deposit?
Like most normal people
Which they continue saying that I can't get
Because I'm an independent contractor and I have a corporation
Which is alive, but nevertheless
I don't think he does
He doesn't get direct deposit
I don't think he does, he's not an employee
He's like a paper chef, like I do
Yes
Boy, at least mine's worth waiting for you know what I'm saying?
Right, it's worth waiting for
Although you, a day early
That's the one thing Joe Bells accomplished
He gets me paid a day early
Should I care about anything else?
No
No
I mean I care about you guys
I want to make sure they take care of you
But they're not
And they won't
See I try
I try like hell
But it's, you know, my intentions are good
But how much can one man do?
One old queen
One out of shape
Soft old queen
That's what Ron DS said
I was the softest person he ever saw in his life
That's right
And he never even squeezed it
733 votes on the pool
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten
So what's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
What's the worst thing you've ever gotten?
That's right
That's all, we have all these athletes and movie stars
And everybody else in just ordinary jeans and jows
Or making babies
Not married, not even thinking about it or whatever
Call me irresponsible
Now we have the Jack Jones version or what?
Don't play that
Okay
As I talked about that yesterday, what was the one you did find?
I forgot
Something I said, summed up the beastly is perfect
It wasn't call me irresponsible
Maybe it was that, I don't know
They are irresponsible
And they don't pay their bills
They don't pay their bills
Did you see the thing that he sent to clearance?
That big, you know, Boka?
Yeah
We're about how many employees they got $125 million in this and they are
And they're great, but they don't want to pay anybody
They just want a one-way deal
You know, and that's why so many marriages go bad
They're a one-way deal
I think she'd be a two-way deal
I think everybody should be doing a two-way
And in some cases maybe a three-way might help
Oh yeah, what?
The two-way
In fact, George could just drag the white to similar swim clubs more often
Maybe he wouldn't be so sour or I could leave her home because it's the fact that he would hope
It was me that there are no need for that
Nothing will happen
So anyway, like I said, Doug Thompson writes about your buddy Paul Wolfowitz
Who's out at the World Bank
Hey, go get that comb, Polly
Speaking of combs
Then, is that under what is that under?
What is what under?
Oh, poiple veins?
Poiple veins is under poiple
Poiple is under, I'm sure it's under poiple
Telling through all that trouble just to get you playing the comb
But it was worth it, it was worth it
Paul Wolfowitz is overdoing well, deserved demise as president of the World Bank means yet another morally flawed appointee of President George W. Bush
Bites that are says Doug Thompson, on Capitol Hill Blue
Another one down, too many more still to go he says
No administration in recent history has produced such an overwhelming number of corrupt unethical incompetent and or downright criminal appointees
Bush's long and growing list of merry men and women who have resigned in disgrace arrested for criminal conduct or removed from office stands as monumental evidence of flawed and corrupt presidential administration
Wolfowitz, the architect of Bush's failed Iraq war in the man-welfth built a sand castle of lies to sell the war to a blindly obedient Congress and asleep at the wheel media
Should have been fired as soon as evidence surfaced he had used his position to advance the career and income of a World Bank employee who was screwing at home
Well, I'll tell you one thing, I like the way Dougie sure minces his words, okay?
He was screwing at home
Bush has always does did by his corrupt buddy until the pressure overwhelmed him
The president continues to stand by another fatally flawed appointee attorney General Alberto Vio-5 Gonzalez as more and more evidence of incompetence, corruption, criminal activity and baselines stupidity emerge
That's the problem with Bush, he's a flawed ethically elapsed man who surrounds himself with corrupt men and women who share his absence of morality and lust for power
It may be someone with absolutely no qualification for a job like former and failed FEMA director Michael Brown, heck of a job
A criminal who builds a stir with a phony refund scheme like former domestic policy advisor Claude Allen or powered mad despots like Dick Cheney who'd trample the Constitution into the dirt
There's no doubt that Gonzalez broke the law by politicizing the justice department and legally firing US attorneys
There's no doubt that he repeatedly lied to Congress, yet Bush, who promised the most ethical administration in history, stands by his sleazy prosecutor with Godfather style protection
Godfather style, like that. What else would be expect from Bush who open lies to the American people congress and our allies?
The man is without question the most corrupt occupant of the White House in decades, a serial liar, law breaker and destroyer of the Constitution
If there was any real justice in the world the man would be taken from the White House in shackles, flown to Gitmo and given the same aggressive interrogation tactics
They'd pull another Americans in prison in that illegal hellhole, but it won't happen
Bush sees himself as all powerful above the lawn beyond the touch of the Constitution he's swore to uphold. Why shouldn't it? Nobody in Washington will challenge him
Certainly not the lackluster democratic leadership of Congress or the Supreme Court now overloaded with rabid right wing appointees from too many years of Republican domination of the White House
Corrupt, livers like Paul Wolfowitz might fall from the rotting tree, obviously, Corrupt leaves is what it said, that word
Corrupt leaves like Paul Wolfowitz might fall from the rotting tree of the Bush administration, but the roots of correction fertilized by the abuse of power keep that tree upright
The Bush White House is the most powerful organized crown family in the world, and as long as the Godfather remains in the chair behind the desk in the Oval Office, the peace and safety of the U.S. in the world is threatened by his reign of lawlessness and terror
The Godfather is behind that chair
What are you going to do? Nice college boy, huh?
Good article by Doug Thompson, but he's always good. I mean, well, I would even say that because I'm stupid, I guess
I'd be glad to not mind that one, huh? You might mind some of the other ones because they're long and ponderous
In fact, there was a 16 page article about Hillary Clinton that I schmit came because I thought if I were to 16 page article, my girl's going to get up and start throwing crap around all over the place
Won't you? Yeah, but I want to do that
Yeah, I wouldn't blame you if you didn't that place. That would probably be there. That's what they deserve
That's what Bokershooter come into the building and just start picking up all kinds of stuff and heaving it all over
Look at Toli, she went into Joe Bell's office pulled out his panel who needs and done a humongous dump right there on Joe's desk
There, there, there you go, there you go. How do you like that, huh?
Jolly Joe?
And Joe would have gone, hmm, how delightful. You know, like that because he's kind of a strange guy, you know?
I think he means well
Let me say it again
I wasn't talking about the radio station. I'm just talking. Oh, I see. I'm talking in a generic sense in life, you know, I think he means well
He probably you know pets a dog you're being known and there's something nice like that, but in terms of radio, forget about it
750 three votes on our award winning pool. They kind of like goose it up there pretty good because they want to make sure we get to a thousand
Not to embarrass Miguel because then nobody will speak to him if he leaves here today filling in for the ailing Chris and doesn't get a thousand votes
You know, we've been doing days with 1400 and 1500 you ought to be really proud of us Miguel
You're almost think somebody's listening almost almost and 1300 92 my space friends now you said you hope that we'd give a thousand
Yes
I will guarantee you I will promise this to you and I'm still you know and not approving everybody that we got a lot of
Fakers and a lot of hoars and a lot of phonies and you know
Game players on there so I still try to look at the profile a little bit and make sure I want to approve them
So it's not like I'm just desperate to get up to 1400 or then 1500 or whatever
And on this on our Myspace page we don't have like I said the other day we don't have the fake
Dan LeBanster and the fake boot shamby and the fake 80k and the fake Hank Humper you know I mean we can have 50,000 if you want to have the fake everybody
And if we had a whole staff of people who would do nothing but write fake profiles for fake people stuff like that but you know whatever whatever
Cranks your chain so you are pretty impressed by the 1392 right? Very impressed.
Naria especially for an old fart like me that reads all that crap on the air
Thank you
You
Welcome back to Kenny a bow. I'll be joining us again today
I can't believe Virginia took canceled football training
That's not right. I'll tell you what's not right. After 9-11 all sports was canceled for almost a week I was in withdrawal
You were doing a show the morning in 9-11 right? Yeah. Well how'd you handle that?
I'm proud to say we kept right on talking about the Miami
Oh
I don't know. Something like that happens. I might have to put sports aside for a little bit
That's why you're not gonna last as long as I have
Dude people were jumping to their death or our shores were attacked man. That wasn't a good situation
What's that got to do with single fairy chewing sport or feathery?
So let me get this right there's nothing more important in life than sports right?
I don't care if my house was pointing down with my family fapt inside
Nothing will lift my head from the sports page. You want to have security at QAM?
It's sports sports sports if you want to wake you
Sports
Look at Galby. Come here. Come here. I want to show you something
10.45 we got Galdy this afternoon from 5.06 and I go to show you nothing is perfect
Even here at QAM. Keep it a secret. Anyway here's the fact this is the worst thing I ever got sucked into was a multi-level marketing pyramid company
Please add to the pool no
Marketing pyramid community. Is anybody's gonna vote for that besides this person?
Yeah let's let's let a lot of the people. But here's a good one no
Paranoid it should be on your list. Yes it should. The worst thing you ever got sucked into. Now see in your case
You got two wonderful daughters but the fact that matter is if they weren't there you'd be long gone. On sorry crystal
Sorry Georgia shouldn't have said that. Why? Well because it's true. So why shouldn't have you said it?
Because she's probably still listening. Probably listening every day now just we see what kind of nasty shots you give her. Probably.
I don't want to be the cause of any domestic turbulence or turmoil in your home. You would not be.
Like I said I keep my nose straight ahead. I might remember that's not what I heard. Yeah well it all depends on where I'm going to put it.
No no not there either. Fred C says would you please read today's Paul Krogman calm don't blame Bush and you'll never believe what's next in my pile here of things to pass along to our
Stute audience. You'll never guess Paul Krogman in the don't blame Bush. I put it on the website for tomorrow by the way.
I just mentioned in passing a lot of people read the stories on there. I'm sure Miguel is not one of them because none of them have anything to do with Cuba.
Even 766 vote well occasionally they do. Now hospital coming along Miguel. I mean we're not hearing any more about his imminent death.
Hey if you don't know I don't know. Yeah that's right because I got a nose for news baby. You know that nose I try to keep it straight ahead but every now and then it gets like off to the side gets out of joint when you get your nose out of joint.
You got some real problems. Back home. Paul Krogman don't blame Bush since it is New York Times. He says I've been looking at the race for the Republican presidential nomination and I've come to a disturbing conclusion.
Maybe we've all been too hard on President Bush. No I haven't lost my mind Mr. Bush has degraded our government under mine the rule of law.
He's let us into a strategic disaster and moral squalor. But the leading contenders for the Republican nomination have given us a little reason to believe they would behave differently.
Why should they? The principles Mr. Bush has betrayed our principles today's GOP dominated by movement conservatives no longer honors.
In fact rank and foul Republicans continue to approve strawberry of Mr. Bush's policies and the more un-American the policy the more they support it.
Now Mr. Bush and Dick Cheney may have done a few things that the Republicans wouldn't. The initial domestic surveillance program was apparently so lawless and unconstitutional that even John Ascroft approached on a sickbed refused to go along.
For the most part, however, Mr. Bush has done just what his party wants and expects. There was a telling moment during the second Republican presidential debate when Brett Hume of Fox News confirmed the contenders were the hypothetical 24-style situation in which torturing suspects is the only way to stop a terrorist attack.
Bear in mind that such situations basically never happen in real life that the US military has asked the producers of 24 to cut down on the torture scenes.
Last week General David Petraeus, the US commander in Iraq circulated and opened letter to our forces warning that using torture or other expedient methods to obtain information is both wrong and ineffective and that it's important to keep the moral high ground.
But aside from John McCain, who to his credit, echo General Petraeus and was met with Stony Silence, the candidates for enthusiastically in favor of torture and against the rule of law.
Rudy Giuliani endorsed waterboarding. Mitt Romney declared that he wants accused terrorists at Guantanamo where they don't get the access to lawyers they get when they run our soil.
My view is we had a double Guantanamo he said as remarks were greeted with wild applause.
And torture isn't the only bush like I see that seems destined to continue if a Republican becomes the next president.
Mr. Bush got us into the Iraq quagmire by conflating Sodom with Al-Qaeda, treating too mutually hostile groups as if they constitute a single enemy.
While Mr. Romney offers more of that, there was a global jihadist effort he warned in the second debate and they've come together as Shia and Sunni and Hezbollah and Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood and Al-Qaeda with that intent.
Aren't Sunnis and Shia's killing each other not coming together? Never mind.
What about the administration stated denial over rackets and willingness to face up to reality? None of the leading GOP presidential contenders seem any different.
Certainly not McCain who strolled through a Baghdad marketplace wearing a bulletproof vest accompanied by more than 100 soldiers and armored Humvees while attack helicopters flew overhead then declared that his experience proved there are parts of Baghdad where you can walk freely.
Finally, what about the Bush administration's trademark incompetence in appointing unqualified loyalists to keep positions? Mr. Bush was just following the advice of the Heritage Foundation which urged him back in 2001 to make appointment decisions based on loyalty first and expertise second.
And the base doesn't mind the Bernie Karek affair Mr. Giuliani's attempt to get his corrupt possibly mob-connected business partner appointed the head of the Department of Homeland Security hasn't kept Giuliani from becoming the apparent frontrunner for the Republican nomination.
What we need to realize is that the infamous Bush bubble, the administration's no reality zone extends a long way beyond the White House.
Millions of Americans believe that patriotic tortures are keeping us safe, that there's a vast Islamic access to evil, that victory in a rack is just around the corner, that Bush appointees are doing a heck of a job, and that news reports contradicting these beliefs reflect liberal media bias.
And the Republican nomination will go either to someone who shares these beliefs and would therefore run the country the same way Mr. Bush has, or to a very, very good liar.
That's what Paul Krutman take is New York Times, it's more he didn't cost you a dime. And by the way the unshiss James Dobson of Hocus Pocus on the Family said Rudy, you wait our guy, we don't like your kind.
We don't like your kind Rudy, you three times divorced, a faggot supporting a pervert you.
How do you like that? That's James Dobson, the anxious one from Hocus Pocus on the Family, who hopefully we can only pray, we can put our knees in our hands together and pray to the Lord, he'll follow Jerry Falball real fast, and go to that big pew in the sky.
Not that we, you know, wish anybody ill health, but in Jerry Falball's case, we made an exception and the same would be for D. James Kennedy and Reverend Dobson and all these other riddists reverend to that reverend, and even the Reverend Al Sharpton, who it is as fight of his liberal posturing,
is still full of crap and a hypocrite in the phony. See, very seldom, the reverend's don't get fired very often. I mean, once in a while, they're doing too much hanky, spanky, or steel too much money, or both, but generally speaking, most reverend's don't get fired.
And it doesn't matter if they do, they just, you know, set up their shop some place else, that's right. So they can steal some more money and molest some more on it, and it's right.
That's right. And it's all about stuff like that, that's right, and screw their brains off.
774 hosts, what's the worst thing you ever got sucked into, getting married, 236, that's over 30% of the audience.
I think the poll, we ought to do one as soon as if you had to do it over again. See what I'm saying? I mean, obviously these 30%, they wouldn't do it again.
You think they would? No, although I have met people that have been married more than once.
No, well, they certainly, I'm saying they wouldn't get married to the same person again.
Right. Although it was, it wasn't the institution of marriage that was the evil thing, or was it the bad partner that they got hooked up with?
Was that the property without the institution of marriage wouldn't be stuck with a bad partner?
Wasn't they, don't evil, evil partner that they got sucked into? You don't realize that there was just a bad marriage, we should just have chaos.
No, we should just have a, yeah, I'm off for that. That's one thing about us fact.
Once upon a time there was marriage stuff, they can have it. And once upon a time there wasn't marriage and then the clergymen invented it so that they could get paid.
Yeah, but everybody was running around naked back then. Yeah, that would be bad.
In most cases, I would agree. Anyway, getting married 236 leads the way. We won't ask Miguel to make any comment, A of these.
A worse thing we ever got sucked into, a religion 137, is he giving you an angry look now or what? No. Oh, good.
Fine, I don't know with you. I don't dare ask. It's like Chris and his girlfriend, you know, which I'm not going to go there.
I promised him I wouldn't talk about it, but I think we ought to be happy for him that he's got a nice girlfriend.
I think it's a dramatic form. Well, good. So what's he so touchy about? He doesn't want it to become show material.
Right. I respect that. I'm not going to talk about her. What does she look like? Anyway, she's fine.
No, no, no, no. It's just a joke. I don't want to discuss her on the air. It's a bad idea. Okay?
I don't want to like stick my nose in her mind. My nose by the time I get through is going to be like freaking Pinocchio.
Kind of like Jose Ferrer in, uh, what was that movie? Serenade Bergerac.
Boy, it's a long, he's been dead a long time. He had a big schnauz too without the makeup. Jose Ferrer.
Don't they still have that Jose Ferrer theater over there somewhere? He's got a great. He wants a lot of touch. I want to be out of touch.
I want to be very out of touch with South Florida. I want to be so out of touch that even if I reached out a zillion miles, I still couldn't touch it.
And in my case, anyway, religion 139, I got sucked into that. Well, you know, that's one of those things you can get out.
It's a lot easier to get out of that than is to get out of that marriage crap. My job, 99.
A lot of people out there with jobs that they're not too happy about getting paid nickels and dimes. How's Miguel doing on the pay scale?
They give you a few extra bucks or what? I could do better. You could be doing a lot better, but that's because the beesleaves don't want to pay anybody.
They give me all the money and they don't want to give you guys any. You know what? That's where we're going to keep it.
Yeah, talent takes all the money right here. Yeah, yeah, like George supporting the Iraq war 97, the stock market before it crashed all that.com garbage that crap 86.
Oh, it's the new economy against the old economy. I'm going to say it again. The whole staff of CNBC ought to be at Rikers Island instead they stick out gold scenes as there.
My space 35. Well, what's, you know, they got sucked in with maybe they had some bad experiences on there. I can even begin to imagine that.
Well, so I had one, you know, now I guess I had two, but now everything is hunky door. Everything is just as sweet and fine as G.I.Y.
Going to a college or grad school has got. And also.
We're joining the military. The Atkins die at 29 and we put parenthood on there and so far none. And you want to know why?
Because all these people even with bad spices and spouses, they love their kids, even like George. Of course, it's not their fault.
Yeah, but I mean there are some people, you know, you can pick your nose and pick your butt, but you can't pick your kids anymore than you can pick your parents, right?
So I'm not really saying there are no bad kids. If there are bad kids, it's probably the parents fault.
And you're saying that there isn't, there are no. So is there are no problems with being a parent? Is that what you're saying? Of course there are.
But that has no both. I'm not trying to talk anybody into it. Because I sure wouldn't want to be a parent because I'd be a bad one.
I'd be a parent. I never, I would never survive. I've been nervous wrecked. It ain't easy. I know it. And I'm just, I just don't have the emotional stability. I'm a nervous wreck. I couldn't handle it.
Let's go. Where are you at? That's right. That's me. Is that how you act? Well, no, I'm not a squirrel. I am nuts. That's what I heard from.
787 on the pole. We'll get to 1000 day, but it's not going to be as you remember. Miguel needs your sympathy vote. All you have people is speaking English.
I don't know how come you're a rescue, won't they? No. Maybe the three of life raft. But the doll will rot your show.
This is your playing. Any questions?
Goodbye Scooter. Livy, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby, liby.
You out in secret egg and send the field and got him killed. Like dick in your trees in his shoes.
Can't pick your boyfriends in the twos. Looks like it's time for flipping.
I'd like to ask working under a dick. From your vantage point, does Jamie have a mole on his ass?
But here we go again. I never knew, Conan. Boy, find a finger and we'll never know how many agents died because of your pit.
No! With stuff, no back and no, no joy.
You see yourself that Jamie, you can ask him why his name rhymes with Agnes.
You know him.
Ain't had the notes even and you won't wonder why we got 800 because we finally got one for parenthood.
Somebody said they got sucked into it. Right. Bad idea. Maybe their kids are rotten.
Or maybe that's what maybe tied them to that. Or maybe they would want it to be apparent with somebody nice.
Oh boy, you're just not going to let go of that. Why don't you try to look on the bright side? You're stuck.
Yeah, that's the bright side. What? That you're stuck? Yeah.
From a boy scout official was charged through. They were sexually assaulting your young scout.
The second set of sex abuse charges to be filed against him in a month.
Well, he likes him young and he's horny. You know, this is in somewhere in Illinois.
This is from our good online friend of the kitty cat with no name, whatever his name is. You know, the one that you were ripping the other day.
The one that does know how to pick your runner.
Charles Bickerstaff, 56 of Dixon, Illinois, was charged with one kind of predatory criminal sexual assault and six counts of aggravated criminal sexual abuse.
The new charges were fraud shortly after Bickerstaff, we did not guilty. There was a day to aggravate criminal sexual abuse and criminal sexual assault charges for the last month.
But he molested the 16-year-old scout at least four times since July.
Lee County, see, I don't know. Maybe I'm confused. I'm a little bit slow.
How can you molest somebody the second time? You know what I mean? I know.
You see what I'm saying? I do. Call me crazy. You're crazy.
Okay. Lee County State's attorney Paul Wickham said the latest case involves a boy who was younger than 13.
Hey, when the suspected abuse, he holds that thought and talk to Dave Johnson.
Oh, geez. What am I doing here? My God. I must be a crazy person.
Well, we are not talking about that. I have Johnson.
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Well, I get all whipped up into the show here and I forget all about that. How can I forget Dave Johnson?
Now, don't you tell me that you're not calling the precness on the radio or somewhere?
No, I'm sitting on the couch at home watching it like most people.
Get out of here. Are you serious?
You have a serious?
You know, I was thinking to myself when I'm watching the Derby, which I didn't really like the race to be honest with.
But I'm sitting there watching that race and I'm thinking Dave is sitting in his luxurious New York apartment and as he's watching the race on TV, he's calling the race.
Now, am I right?
No, I was rooting for Street Sense.
Yeah, you remember that was my pick.
You picked it. I know. And even the Hank picked it too.
And of course, I threw him out. So as soon as I said that everybody should have plumbed their lungs out.
That's the way you do it.
You just cross out the horses that we pick, right?
No, but I pick. You pick the winner.
Okay, don't be so modest now. It's the first one in 100 years.
So you know, you gotta go with it.
Who'd you pick? I forgot.
I picked no bizz like showbiz and he's still running.
He was right there at the top of the stretch and he looked down at a long stretch and Churchill down.
He said, oh, I don't think so. And he turned him with the other way.
Yeah, well, it was a good name, but not a good horse on the first Saturday in May.
I mean, he was right there, but I'm not telling you.
I gotta give credit where credit is due because Street Sense was 19th.
I remember Durkin getting all the whipped up into a frenzy about the fact that he was the only one horse beat in the first stretch.
He was 19th and he served as Bob Savage used to say he circled the field along the rail.
And Bob Savage said that.
That's one of his classic great harp lines. He circled the field along the rail.
The great Bob Savage. What a nice guy.
Yeah, he was his good friend of mine. He was a good guy.
And of course, if there's Calvin Burrell on my other line, but I'm just going to shut it off.
How are you?
It's not Calvin Burrell. Come on. If it was Calvin Burrell, you'd be on that thing.
You'd drop me like a hot potato.
Actually, I talked with Calvin this week.
Now, tell me for this race tomorrow that he ought to at least put some teeth in or something.
Oh, that's just that's Calvin. That's who he is.
Come on.
If he didn't look a day over 100, I was happy for him because he was obviously so pumped up.
He was just he didn't know what to do. He was just jumping out of his skinny.
That's just the way he is. You know, I tell you, now you figure out this line.
One time when I went into a street port for the Louisiana for the super derby, I said to the guy driving the rental car truck.
I said, who's your favorite, Jack? I love that kind of, you know, talk to the locals and figure out what do they have to say about the race.
He says, all he said, Calvin Burrell, he'll throw a snake at you.
Isn't that a great line? What does that mean?
I don't know. I don't know, but it's a good line.
I'm not going there, believe me. I'm not telling that.
Well, anyway, I think that that was an unbelievable performance, whether he has circled the feel along the rail or what he did.
He came from almost last and he just blew by them like they were all standing still.
Yeah.
It means one or two things. Either it's a hell of a horse or again we've got a very mediocre a bunch and most of them are running in a preetness.
And street sense, I mean, you know, it's such a great name too.
And I told you, Carl Nazca is just a terrific trainer who brings them to their fore right at the peak time.
And you know, and how about the Calvin Burrell getting to go to the White House and White Ty and Black Tail?
Really?
Yeah. The Monday or Tuesday after the derby, he was part of that White Ty dinner for Queen Elizabeth with Condi Rice and Colin Powell and Henry Kiss.
And you're in Calvin Burrell.
Wow. Well, he said he left it and they're put him in charge. He sure as hell couldn't do any worse.
Well, he had, there was more street sense in the White House with him there than the...
We got now, that's for sure.
Go in there now, all right.
And like I said, when with Carl Roevaround, you can be sure that Elizabeth wasn't the only Queen in the White House. But anyway, I'm going to go chalk.
I hate to do that this time, but street sense to me looked awesome, at least against those others. I don't know that much about these horses that didn't run on the derby.
And one thing I found over the years in both Thurber and Harnest Racing when there were horses in the same running back together again and they ran one, two of the first time.
Very often you'll see them run one, two again. People say, oh gee, that quenella or that exact is going to pay like nothing. Hard spun for a second.
I don't think hard spun will be in the money. I really don't.
Really? I think that's right.
Well, it was a very tough race in Kentucky and I really like the trainer, Larry Jones and the Jockey Mario Pino is the king of the hill there.
But that race had to take something out of him, whereas street sense did it so easily.
Yeah. I think it's going to be street sense again, but I'm looking for maybe Curlin to rebound and circuit or keys coming back.
Johnny Velazquez Todd Pledge, I mean, this is not a bad or so. I'm going to use street sense over Curlin and circuit or key in the exact.
Okay.
Yeah, but hard spun, you can have it.
Well, that's about a 380 exact it away. I'm looking at it. It's not going to pay very much.
Who needs that?
Yeah. And that's what I say. Winning down throw the chalk out. But in this case, you know, how many years is it about 50 years in a row now?
We've been begging for the super horse to come along. We always get stuck. I didn't think this is the year it's going to be this one.
And I don't know based on the race he ran the Derby. I think this is a pretty good horse.
Yeah. Now, if he wins the preakeness, though, he'll have three weeks to recover.
Yeah. That's still pretty tough. And then there'll be some new shooters. It'll be it'll be a great triple car.
And whoever wins the preakeness, you know, if it isn't street sense, then it'll be a great match between them in a bell month.
So it's a good season for horse racing.
Now, how many more years has NBC got the Derby before you can get back on television?
Oh, Neil, I'm retired. Come on.
Yeah, I know you're retired. Are you?
Those are the old days. Those are the old days. Really?
Yeah. I'm 65. I'm going to be 66 this month.
I'll be 65 in November. So we got two old parts here.
And what's better talking about horse racing than old parts made?
Yeah, exactly.
No, I had a great run. I had 30 years. That was good enough.
I'm happy to sit on the couch and root for the horse I bet.
And I'm outlived Howard Cosell by many years.
He's got to be sensualistic satisfaction.
That's what I was thinking Tuesday when Jerry Falwell croaked.
And he said, I'm thinking, well, at least I would live him anyway.
Oh, well, I'm not going to be guilty.
I know dead, but you know, I was not.
So maybe Falwell and Howard can be.
You might make a couple of receptions.
So I'm going with you this time. I like street sense.
I think you have a race in the Derby.
And I think we need something to get excited about for quite a lot.
Third of all, racing has been so, so many disappointments for so many years.
We need a super-hoss.
And super-trainer and a jockey that you can really root for.
So we're on the table.
We have a pick that he might be able to afford some teeth for the bellman.
Take care of Dave. Don't get too excited there on the couch.
Okay, I'll talk to you before the bellman.
We'll do. Take care.
Bye.
Thanks.
Okay, there's Dave Johnson. I can reach over and shut the phone thing off there.
Now that's a good idea. But I almost forgot about that.
It's a good thing you said you better talk to Dave.
That's what I'm here for.
Are you ready? Are you directing traffic?
Now let's see, getting back to this pervert there in Illinois.
Bickerstaff, who retired last year, working more than three decades for the Boy Scots of America to rise.
Any involvement in the abuse defense attorney, Ralph Irman, said yesterday.
Bickerstaff was just executive for the Boy Scots Black Hawk area council,
which serves Lee, Oberlin, Whiteside counties in Northern Illinois.
There he recruited and trained volunteers and helped to organize fundraisers.
He seems to be in pretty decent spirits.
He's prepared to sit down and work out for perringent offense, Irman said.
Prosecutor to say the case against him could grow significantly because journals founded his home detail.
Sexual encounters with underage boy is dating back to 1989.
You know, it's one thing if you're breaking the law and you're ready to be a molesting kid or you're robbing money from other officers.
Always keep a journal of it at home so everybody can like document it really well.
If I maybe put it on the internet, it's a good idea.
Keep lots of everybody. So, Rangers.
So everybody can read your crap.
So Dave likes street sense and the curlin.
I like street sense and hard spun which ain't going to pay nothing.
And I don't know anything anyway.
See it's one thing about me. I do it for fun.
Can you believe that that he's retired?
Happy to try to run.
I mean a triple crown race without Dave Johnson's like a day without orange juice.
Eight have been floored.
Don't you remember those ads, those spots?
No.
A day without orange juice is like a day without sunshine.
Come on.
One of those that need a bright ad.
Before she became a homophobic and got all with you and we found out she was married to Bob Green who was diddling with guys and all that stuff.
The ones who point the fingers always look out for them.
What's the worst thing you ever got sucked into?
Getting married 244, religion 146, my job 105.
Supporting the Rack War 105, the stock market before a crashed 89.
My space 37.
Going to college at grad school 31, joining the military 31.
The Edkins died 29 in parenthood sold down to only one.
Only one with some rotten miserable kid.
Now that goes.
And if you went up with the rotten miserable kid, where did deal with that?
He's been buried for how 40 or 15,000,000.
He can get me him.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Did you listen to our audience and be excited to hear the new comma?
Come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come, come
Okay, here it is, gentlemen. Baltimore is out there. I get this electronic device to work.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
My mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my
mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth,
my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth
my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth
my mouth, my mouth, my mouth, my mouth."
When they see all that money, they want to just take their arms and reach in there and just grab out piles of it, baby. Just like it would buy. Oh yeah.
You think I'm going to find me a good machine tomorrow morning? Let's hope. I doubt it.
I don't really care. I'll like here as if I have a good time. If they give me a little taste, you know what I'm saying? Just give me a little taste. Have a good time. Then I have to be like a zillion dollars. All we're half a zillion would be okay.
Some economists say that the number one ranking spells trouble for more than just lenders who are forced to foreclose on properties when borrowers stop making mortgage payments. The state's overall housing economy could suffer as mortgage fraud pushes up foreclosure rates, which causes more homes to flood the already crowded real estate market. As homeowners compete with each other in lenders, home prices could go down even more than they are right now. They're going down. My zillion summers would say if she were here to sing it. We've got you down and we're going to keep you now. We're going to put our just like Joyce would say. Right.
Put that long heel right on your chest and keep you down. Bitch 800. How are we going in the negative? What I thought we had eight 60 something else eight 25 am I dreaming? Am I like losing it? Yeah, they get rated. I think we just lost a chunk of votes. That's the first time in history. How's that? Maybe we got it reversed. Eric finally put that thing in reverse. He's driving it eight to 30. Now we're doing okay. I just want to make sure we make a thousand because it is Friday May 18 and it's going to be a close to that time of year when some of us aren't going to be
working too much. Not that I'm looking forward to that. I don't want those people starting in again. Oh, all he does is. Well, he tried to kill time till two o'clock and then wait for his vacations and it was two days in the summer time. It's disgraceful. Yeah, like all those people that are belly can are pain my salary or something. You know what I'm saying? What is your business? They're just jealous. They're just jealous. They would like damn what you know that they'd like to sit on the rattan talk crap for four hours every day. Yeah. Every once in a while whenever they feel like it and get paid that kind of money, you better believe they're
jealous. Aren't they? You bet. Trust weren't that. I would they like to would they like to change into this body though? Ooh. Yeah, see that there's an important talk for it right there. So do we maybe they want it? Yeah. Well, there's where we came dancing with the stars. It's a no aesthetic. And I wonder if he's got his bag hooked up there. Oh my God. How pathetic. Yeah. Isn't that tragic?
Watching a 90 year old hunchback man with suspenders dancing with some marginal chick there. Oh.
I have no idea what I'm doing. Yeah, that's for damn sure, but the kiss and asses worked really well. Made a whole career out of it Larry.
Ah, ah, ah. Very sad if people only really knew, but you know what? Who cares? I don't even begrudge him. He don't owe me any money.
He lied through his teeth to me and you know, made up a whole bunch of stories and to everybody else he knew. But he hasn't owe me any money.
Just like that one time somebody called and said Neil or something about me. Who's Neil Rogers? I don't know who that is.
Remember that? Yes, I do. And then of course we have all these these drops that kind of disfrued. I mean, not that I would say he ever lied or anything like that.
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. He just doesn't know who that is. That's all.
834 on a pool and parenthood's got four now. I'm sure we'll find some people with some rotten kids out there.
And of course they blame the kids. It couldn't possibly be their fault that their kids turned out to be like that.
That their kids turned out to be hateful and rotten and nasty. Speaking of hateful and rotten and nasty, this reminds me of that engine situation we had.
That's what both campers were called the engine situation. A lot of situations with both camp, you know.
Sorry, what's that? That's what happens when you plant a zade. You start saying the same words again and again.
Situation. He says that a lot of situations. Maybe it's a chicken X is that pretending to be him.
See, I get confused between the real between the real people like this. There's the real one. There's the vocal one which is always much more entertaining like that.
I mean, there's the real guilty and then the fact that the Florida Lotteries be fusing to pay a $500,000 prize to a family until it can inspect the $20 scratch off ticket, which appears to be a misprint efficient.
Did you see this on TV? I seen it. You know, Cala Joe Curcio 56 is failed to file a prize claim and turn over his ticket for full inspection.
Lottery spokesman Jacqueline Barero said we can't say whether we'll pay the jackpot or not till we go through the process.
She said an initial examination showed the ticket appeared misprinted. She said, oh man, I wouldn't put up with that.
I'd start going nuts. I'd start throwing even crap. You know, and Curcio got the ticket of the service flies the Sunday on Florida's turnpike.
The gold rush ticket has the numeral one on the top row and a numeral one above the half a million dollar scratch off piece, making the ticket appear to be a weener, half a million bucks.
But Curcio said Lottery tickets officials told him the top number actually was a 13 that was misprinted.
Also, the ticket's barcode showed it was not a winner when it was scanned.
Was that scanned? Scammed it. They're saying it's a misprint.
How do I know it's a misprint? Ask the youth cardio's ship owner. Curcio's hired an attorney to press his claim.
So the ranch Joe squeeze every down. Right. He's great.
Come on. Pick ass, baby. Starts even a much of curvy joll.
You'll watch us. You'll watch us.
It's a big day.
Poor Tritio 516.
You're here.
But the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Well, Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose muse her hate on you, view.
Sealing hatefuls, view.
Well, we've been in a free country.
That always frags about being free.
Imagine how frustrating it can be.
I can't say a word that begins with C.
Coulter ain't a woman. Hands a man with an atom's apple and giant hands.
Coulter ain't a woman. Hands a man.
But that still hurts you on. Come on.
That still hurts you on.
Well, man, it's a good Republican.
Who likes to flash her skinny gams.
With no background, all she can do.
Is lie on her back and say, kill the Jews.
Coulter is a right wing.
Partisan faith in a minister and nylon wind.
Nothing bad will ever happen at him.
Because evil always wins.
You did.
Evil always wins.
You're where when she's on TV you fools.
Blankly stare with the little drool.
And laugh along with the hateful swell.
A partisan pundit side-choke fill.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Coulter is a fascist party dog.
Whose views are hate on you, view.
Sealing hatefuls, view.
View, view.
Now there's a good poll idea.
Which bridge?
Do we hate the worst antcoulter or a joys?
Good point.
Joyce.
Isn't that because then excellent?
Do we really?
Yeah, and closer to her.
Lives of her.
And antcoulter isn't doing her best to try to destroy the show.
Like Joyce is who's on the payroll for the beesleys.
I just mentioned that in passing the end for the empty and time.
Because it's very obvious since she already made it very clear.
She'll do anything in her power to destroy the near-roger.
She's doing a wonderful job.
That's what Norma Kent said.
And of course, the fact that he sits back and laws this to go on.
Indicates what a tremendous between he is.
But yeah, his heart's in the right place.
How is that?
I don't know.
Somewhere above his...
Like don't.
Don't get me started on him, okay?
848 votes on that poll.
And marriage is still eating the way nearly 30%.
The worst thing they've ever gotten sucked into getting married 253.
Well, you know, there's a few good marriages out there that last.
And then there's bad marriages that last too.
Right?
Like I told you, my parents were married for 30 years.
And then there was a 30?
I don't know.
And then it got divorced after 30 long excruciating years of bitching and treaching and hating, psychosis and...
Ah!
Oh, brother.
War toward a rack facing collapse as UK think tank.
That doesn't sound too promising.
And that's certainly not what El Presidente is telling us.
And all the other end, the media, or hormones.
The BBC News Staff says the rack faces the distinct possibility of collapse and fragmentation.
UK foreign policy think tank Chadamhouse be saying.
It reports as the Iraqi government is now largely powerless and irrelevant in many parts of the country.
You know, I want you to stop and think about this.
The think tank, Chadamhouse.
What is a think tank?
What the heritage foundation of lots of Nazis that sit around and decide what's the fair thing?
Exactly.
It's a big room and people in there thinking about how to do evil things.
Evil people think him.
Right.
Evil things.
Anyway, Chadamhouse warns that there's not one more but many local civil wars.
There's a major change in US and British strategy, such as consulting a rack's neighbors more.
That's spelled any IgHBOURS in the typically British way, because it's the BBC.
Neighbors more.
And unfortunately, the Canadians still have that constipated British spelling for words like colors and neighbors and stuff like that.
Oh.
The report comes as a rancet Iranian and US diplomats with Whole Talks May 20th on the security situation in Iraq.
Oh, let's get Bill Camper over there.
It's another situation.
Iranian Foreign Minister, Monochair Mautaki, said the talk, well, I almost got the...
What word did you say?
Monochair Mautaki said the talk, the third such meme would be restricted to the sub-Native Iraq.
Monochair Mautaki.
Negotiations are going to do a ranc and a ranc will start with a presence of Iraqi officials, utility reporters, during the visit to Pakistan.
What, what, I don't know what that means.
The situation in Iraq will form part of discussions between Tony Blair and George W. Bush.
It's Mr. Blair's last official visit to the White House before he steps down his prime minister on June 27th, and two bad that his partner in crime couldn't be stepping down June 27th as well.
We throw one hell of a party.
Let me tell you that. I cater it myself.
The UK Foreign Office responded to the Chatham House report stated that security conditions, although grim in places, vary to cross the rack.
Grim in places.
Most insurgent attacks remain concentrated in just four of Iraq's 18 provinces containing less than 42% of the population.
Iraq has come a long way in a short time, and the international community must stand alongside the Iraqi government said a foreign office spokesman.
Major General William Carl Walsh spoke to the Multinational Force and a Mac told the BBC, the US troops surge in Baghdad was showing progress.
We're seeing positive indicators that within Baghdad levels of violence are coming down. He said, just like the walls of Jericho and they're coming down.
That's what we wanted to do, so that it will set the conditions to an operational and political process to take place.
And they keep talking about a beep, but a beep, but about however, Gareth Stansfield, a Middle East expert who wrote the Chatham House report says that the breakup of Iraq has become increasingly likely.
In large parts of the country, the Iraqi government is powerless. He says, as rival factions struggle for local supremacy, it's a civil war.
Maybe they're killing each other. The Sunnis and the Shiites and the Kurds and they want their way and they want the freaking oil.
And yeah, it's all a mess. It's a nightmare. It's a blood bath.
And our people are over there in the middle of it and the public are saying, oh, look at Larry King. Don't he look good there? I'm dancing with the stars.
That's the American public for it.
852. You can't complain about American intelligence because generally speaking, there ain't much. There's a little bit. There's a few, you know.
Few people in IQ larger than they're pinky.
852 on the pool. I don't know if we're going to make that thousand. You know what? It's kind of slowing down.
A girl. A 55. That's kind of it's coming in little chunks.
What do you think? Can we do it? I would hate for you to have that cross-tabour the rest of your life.
Because that can't be called the last time we did a poll and the show didn't make the thousand votes.
Because we always have a nice head start anyway. You don't have to be like Chris and pretend to care. I mean, you can be honest.
No, I really don't care. Well, I appreciate your refreshing honesty as opposed to Chris who pretends to care and doesn't very poorly, by the way.
I think that's why he's out sick today. The Lord is punishing him.
Pretending to care and doing it very poorly. I mean, choking on instant serenity.
Holy Moses. There's nothing worse than instant serenity.
Pretending to care and not caring. Not good.
Well, I'm sure everybody knows about this now. Means all you illegal aliens are going to get to diaries now.
So be sure to put down Q.A.M. Senators from both parties announced to give me an SDF, the new immigration reform legislation that will be bringing illegal immigrants and their families out of the shadows and into the sunshine of American life as Ted Kimby put it.
Let's sing in the sunshine. Gail Garnett, man. Let's bring all those illegals out and put them in the sunshine.
Give them like a passport, social security card, million dollars.
The bill will provide an opportunity right away for millions of illegal aliens to correct their status. Kennedy said it would emphasize family ties, which was a really bad show.
As well as employment skills and wearing house suit and immigrants could become legal residents.
You don't have let's sing in the sunshine by Gail Garnett. Yeah, but like computers restarting so.
Ah, geez. Geez Louise. That's the bees knees.
And that's another one of those expressions. You know, I mean, I realize what it's supposed to mean. It's supposed to be stupid.
It's supposed to be stupid. And you know what? It is. The bees knees.
But it would also emphasize improved border security would call for very strong sanctions against employers who knowingly hire illegal immigrants, according to Senator Arlen, magic bullet specter Republican of Pennsylvania.
Speaking of magic bullet, you see that thing on the news last night about the Kennedy assassination? I mean, I got the story on it. We'll get to it.
The JFK assassination. I mean, they just keep lying and lying and lying.
Oh, well, it could have been any other bullet and they didn't have to become from Oswald's gun. First of all, Oswald didn't shoot anybody.
And they say, well, Lee Harvey Oswald did this and Lee Harvey Oswald did that. And Frankie Pantangely says, yeah, sure.
Same kind of crap, you know, they stated this fact. Even though, you know, it just, it just makes you very, very angry.
But anyway, Arlen Specter was always, he's always got his nose and everything.
Nice haircut, though. I know he had cancer and all this other stuff. Both senators acknowledged that the proposed bill, which was immediately praised by President Bush, was likely to come under fire from both the political right and political left.
The criteria, there is honesty or not humanitarian enough as Mr. Specter said to become legislation to propose bill would have to be approved by the House, which has had serious differences with the Senate on the issue.
The House is tended to emphasize border security more than ways to allow immigrants to become citizens and any mention of honesty for illegal aliens has been poisoned in the House.
And I'll tell you one thing, Lou Dobbs is in there. He's four speeding all any food that he can find in a house. Good.
And everybody's house. He's shoveling down his big fat post because he is really whipped up into a friend's ear.
And he's on there this morning. Wouldn't you expect?
Sure.
Talking about illegal aliens, he wants to go find where they are.
Go, Lou. Take good care of him, man.
He wants to make sure they get what they got coming.
Good. I'll help him.
Speaking of bullets. Speaking of Arlen Specter and at Magic Bullet, that pristine bullet on the stretcher of Parkland Hospital.
That just happened to rule out of somebody's body. I ain't got nobody. I guess out of John Conley.
Just rolled right on there and look at that. It's pristine and clean. Couldn't kill a queen.
861 votes on the pool. They're coming along slow and sure. It's a Friday, you know. Don't expect too much.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I thought Christy and the sea was fairy tale.
Her dearest, his religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention. They let me implore free.
A fair judge for a fragile idea what I was about to see.
Oh, they were speaking in tongues. That they believed.
What was kind of fun.
Just stick it out of my mouth. Speaking of tongue.
They got people even. My tongue is weaving from side to side.
I thought my tongue to the beat.
Whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Oh, now I speak in tongues. That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun. Playing round with my mouth.
Yeah, I speak in tongues.
That's a lot of fun.
4.560. This show will let's begin. The teasing that situation room.
I guess both campers going to be on. Check out the situation.
And second shooter question mark on the JFK thing. See this is so ridiculous.
All that Jesus stuff and Moses stuff and Abraham stuff. I mean, holy Moses.
Wait, we don't even know what to hide. This was what? 44 years ago?
43.5 years ago, December 22, 1960, and November 22, 63.
Remember what was just yesterday? See, that's how your life goes by, George.
In big chunks. I know. What do you know?
It ever is 73 votes on the poll. And of course, what collection of bulk of Brian's stuff will be complete without?
About this.
You might have some of the correct answers.
Yes. They want us to find a way to reimburse and pour back pay from 200 years ago when they were slaves.
Oh my God.
When I only have a mobile home, a pit hole and a pinch of skull.
So if you want to ask me how, here's what I gotta say.
You've got to.
Anyway, it's 11.48, 12 minutes before noon.
I'm a gentleman girl with sliding off the chair there for a moment.
I was.
We were sitting right on the edge of the seat. Like the edge of the seat was like in the crack there because you were about to fall on the floor.
I was relaxed. I got my thumb on it. Just to relax, okay?
But you would have to agree. You'd have to admit that no bulk of Brian's collection will be complete without that.
That's just true.
Well, there we go. So he's agreeable today. I don't know what the deal is with.
I don't like asking too many questions with you because.
Oh, that's not it. Where's the acondoleza? I can't find it. Oh, here it is.
That was a good tool for you to play the original one.
And the mis ones, if you don't know the original one, the mis one means nothing.
The.
All it does is indicate that we're muscled by joy. And of course, the audience is well aware of that.
The long suffering near Roger Show audience on this radio station who are muscled to a point of lunacy and insanity and on acceptability.
But like I said, I'll continue taking the money. Thank you very much. And we'll do the best we can under moderate circumstances.
8.78 on that pool.
And four, it's still to stuck with four people or like say they got stuck in the parenthood. Bad idea having them kids.
Now maybe that's because their kids are bad or maybe just because kids were like interfered with their.
Right. Everything.
Yeah, right. Money.
Money.
That's right.
Fun.
Schooling around schedule. Sure.
It's like that. Yeah. Everything. All of these things.
I haven't painted the ass kid.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's like having guilty. There's like having Joel Feinberg there, Thou.
Man.
Always crying.
Man. They don't care about our business.
Yeah.
Nobody cares is right, Joel. We don't care.
You're horse bald. You're a legend in your own mind. You're living your a your legendary in a vacuum.
That's interesting part about that whole operation. Legendary in a vacuum.
I'm legendary. Well, I used to be legendary in a gigantic big, you know.
And I'm getting to that vacuum myself. So what is Miguel think like about the morning show?
Love the more show.
The Kenny and Bo morning show I'm talking about.
Am I. Well, I just do it. I lost.
Is this thing? I'm all the green lights are flashed. I don't think I've lost my connection.
8.79 in the pool. We need 121 to get to a thousand. Let me go and sit back and relax after he answers the question about his opinion on the Kenny and Bo morning show.
I love it.
Very much like your show. If they let them do what you know Kenny would like.
It would be much better.
I really think so.
You think so, huh?
Kenny is great. And what will Kenny like to do on there?
Bring back the square table maybe.
Score table.
I'm listening. Come on. You're supposed to be the radio maven.
I mean, I know me right now.
What? I am by no means a radio maven.
You always say you are. We ask about any I say.
You know about stations that we never even heard of before for Christ's sake. You're the expert.
You're the one that monitors this craft.
They sure as hell aren't listening to rest of the building. Thank God.
They're listening to power or some garbage like that or kiss. They're kissing it.
So what's your take now? What are you saying that if they let Kenny loose?
Well, what is it that he wants to do?
More of a guy show.
More of a guy show.
A guy do a guy show.
Talk about a gay hero talk, you know.
Talking about boobs and when he got laid at the house and whatever on the street.
Who doesn't want to talk about TNA?
Who is who doesn't want to talk about TNA?
Right.
I do.
So why?
Yeah, but I don't want to hear about his TNA.
You just like a.
No, I don't want to hear about that either, right?
In other words, you're saying that it could be good.
And who's the one that's better?
It could be better.
I would hardly agree with that. It could definitely be better.
And the numbers could be better too.
I'm going to tell you right now and I will never know the answer.
But I think I got speaking a book of Brian to bid here that if we played this from a 7th to 10th every morning for an entire rating period,
we'd get better than a 1-5 share.
Ain't no part sounds anymore.
Yeah, I could be wrong about that, but I just have a very, you know, having been in a business more than two or three days,
I have a strong feeling about it.
I won't bet against that.
Yeah, I could be better than a 1-5.
In fact, everybody in the whole, not just in town, everybody in the radio industry would be the talk of the universe.
That's all they, even on Mars, they'd be talking about it.
The little putians, the little people, all I got to tell you, I was speaking little people.
And this sounds very insensitive. It's a bad thing to say, but I'm just telling you the way I felt about it.
I'm intaking the leak it would by any other day.
Got my coat on the chair there on my machine.
Yeah.
And I'm in there taking the leak.
And as I walk out, there's a midget, an old midget.
Yeah.
Not a jockey.
I mean, there's jockeys that kind of get better too.
But a midget, right?
And this was an old man midget.
Uh-huh.
And his legs were like about three inches long.
I mean, I don't know how he walked. He was kind of like shuffling around.
And he was like, maybe two feet.
And I wouldn't say them two feet tall.
He was the shortest midget I've ever seen in my life.
Okay.
And I just, I didn't know what to think.
You know, what should I have thought?
Nothing.
I didn't think evil thoughts.
I mean, like, oh, I'm going to step on him or boy.
Look at that.
I don't know.
I mean, I felt bad.
I would have thought there goes a midget or a dwarf.
Well, I did think that.
Well, then, yeah, you're done.
I thought, well, what do you mean I'm done?
I don't know what to think.
What's more to think?
He waddled away.
And I guess he knew somebody that was sitting there playing one of the machines.
And she said, and as he was waddling by, she was sitting down in the chair.
So he was like almost up to her mouth level, you know?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, I understand.
She was sitting and he was waddling.
I mean, that's bad.
So he could, because now it sounds like I'm making fun.
I wouldn't want to make fun of anybody because of some deformity like that, you know?
Well, I could, but I wouldn't want to do it.
But it's just, I know I lived all these years and that's the first time.
And you know what?
Other good news happen today.
A lot of good stuff is happening this morning already.
Read a good news.
Excellent news all the way around.
And you know what?
The best thing is that Dave, I don't know why he said that, why he blurted that out.
When I was talking to Dave Johnson, he said he's 65, almost 66.
And I found not only his rich shoulder that I am, but Dave Johnson's shoulder that I am.
Oh, man, don't you understand what you can do to be an old fart like me?
And you find out that people that you, you know, I mean, I'm not talking about some Schmendrach on the street corner who's 90.
But I mean somebody who's like a celebrity who's well known.
And they're even older than you are.
I owe somebody else not a lot older, but he told her that I had.
That was more where he's than one, but you know what I'm saying?
So it didn't kind of shock you when Dave blurted that out.
I was starting to get afraid what he was going to blurt out there today.
You never know.
No, why should that surprise me?
Why does he want surprise me?
He looks older than you.
I've seen that, you know, he sends us Christmas pictures and everything over here.
Now he eats well.
You know, you look as old as you are.
No, I could pass for 63 easy.
Sure.
I don't know what to do over 62.
No, if I said I was like 58, people would buy it.
Not that anybody would, who now would care, you know?
Right.
Who cares about my age?
When you get passed a certain age, I would say like 30.
Nobody really cares anymore how old you are.
You know, you care because then you know, if you can close you to meet the grim reaper,
Robert Gleeper, the Lord of the Board.
Now he and Donald, does he still say that?
Please tell me no, Miguel, because you listen to that show.
You're the one.
Have not heard it in a while.
You haven't heard the show in a while?
No.
The Lord of the World is that.
I haven't heard him say that in a while.
Oh, I thought you may have heard the morning show in a while.
No.
Isn't that what he said?
George?
What, I'm sorry, I'm not listening.
Oh, boy, see, that's one of the reasons he hates coming on and doing the show, because I always put him on, you know, I've given him a lot of crap.
Yeah, and then, and I don't know why he made her in Slatsley.
What?
And then, man, it really comes later in Slatsley.
They are right.
Do they really?
No, they don't.
Just because you said that the morning show is bad because Clarence keeps interfering and telling her to talk a lot more sports,
and what can he do to show he wants?
And don't forget about, since you're the promotion guy, look at the tremendous promotion they've had, too.
At least that's why that show is very much like this one.
Well, by the way, I heard you say something to the, and the programs and the heat, the magazines that you did, you didn't even be in there.
We were not in there in the game.
Yes, we were.
Because I make those.
So, and I put you in.
Let me say it again.
We were not in there until Norma can't raise totally hell about it.
And that's what he told me.
Maybe he's trying to get some brownie points since he doesn't do too much else.
I think that's how I'd adore the dirty liar.
I see.
Menteedas.
I beg your pardon?
Menteedas.
Menteedas.
Menteedas.
Sounds like something dirty.
Wait, in that case, that's Norma then.
If that was something dirty, then it's him.
This is Britney Quinn.
Whenever I shape my vault, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Every day's a news in the morning.
We have a yellow light that must be.
They have something to hide.
That's how they burn if you lay head behind.
So it's creamy and it kind of troubles the future.
New moon like a yellow light.
Design high, the corporate be a riot.
And that's why we have a yellow light.
Can't explain the meaning of what needs light to.
What needs light to reach.
She's at his desk with a set of clothes and noodles card to.
It's the time they want to change the new day.
Have a yellow light with that name.
Something they can't define.
That's why we have a yellow light.
A big light.
It's all book of Ryan Friday, baby, as our form of protest against the measly beastlies
who have made this man's life miserable, hoping that I've paid him since March.
Finally, I guess arrangements have been made.
Arrangements have been made.
We don't have any definitive word of this is what we actually received in straight.
They should be sending a career over there at this house.
In part of the way this is not, this is not, who is this fight?
Miyahaki?
I don't know.
Old person.
Sitting at home, watching the W W if.
Because I had it on the Myspace thing.
Somebody wanted to know if it was a book of Brian, but no it's not.
And so maybe I'll play it later, but I doubt it because I got to get all his bits in.
Every one of them including that.
So listen, see as time permits.
I don't know who that is, Miyahaki.
Although it's just fine.
You know?
Yes.
885 votes on our poll today were creeping to her 1000, but it's Friday the 18th of May.
And when you get into this time of the year, man, people are going places and doing things.
They want to get out of that smokey environment where they can't breathe the air and where all the misery is all around.
And people are rolling down the windows.
People you don't even know are pulling up alongside you on a highway and going.
Like that.
They went out of there.
Even if it's 50 bucks a gallon of gas, they just want to out.
And I don't blame them.
How many Florida, you know where holiday is?
No.
I don't need there.
It's in Pasco County.
Okay.
Where's Pasco County?
Up Yonder.
There, yeah.
But just north of us.
A long time Scott Master arrested a week ago and a charge exposed himself to an 11-year-old boy.
Now accused of similar behavior with two other troop members.
What is Scott's about some problems, you know?
It's still under investigation and there could still be more victims of Pasco County Sheriff's Office, folks, and Kevin Dahle.
Said Thursday.
I bet you he's a living Dahle.
After the news made reported, Stephen Lee Roy Greenleaf's may 11th arrest, and as Pasco Sheriff's detectives continued their investigation, the allegations involving more boy's surface, Dahle said.
In one of the new cases, a 16-year-old told me detect that Greenleaf exposed himself and molested the boy when he was between the ages of 10 and 12 a report be saying.
The teenagers said Greenleaf exposed himself on 40 or 50 occasions.
I guess his model was when in doubt, whip it out.
Either at the Scott Master's home, in his truck in front of the boy's home, or while on Boy Scout, outings quite the report.
I'm on occasion as the two sat in the truck, the troop leader urged the boy to expose himself to.
When he did, Greenleaf reportedly molested him until the boy told him to stop.
The second new case involves a, see this was a, what, 11th? How old he was. He told him to stop.
There wasn't a second and a third and a fourth like that 16-year-old.
You know what I'm saying?
I get you.
I see you.
I agree. I wonder.
They would say, oh, we're, you know, with somebody from a time, but this is not blah, blah, blah.
The second new case involves allegations from another 11-year-old that Greenleaf 53 showed his genitals to during two overnight stays at the Scott Master's home.
And what kind of parents, by the way, let their 11-year-old kids stay overnight at some Scott Master's home?
That's the first pass in her. It enters my mind.
Why?
Yeah, that's a good question. Why?
In the first incident, Greenleaf first went to the scout to do the same. The report states, and talked him about being dirty, which the boy defined as exposing sexual organs, drinking and cursing.
Wow, that sounds like a party to me.
The second incident reportedly happened April 13th while the boy was getting ready for a scout outing.
Scout outing?
You're fair.
We call them scoutings.
Greenleaf, who for years has led troops 60 of the West Central Florida Council of Boy Scots of America, explained to the boy how are the troop members act and pulled down his own pants and suggested sexual acts and told the child, you do it.
In the initial case, they've led, they said, I'll let Mikey do it. He likes it, Mikey.
In the initial case, they've led to the first arrest Greenleaf has accused of making sexual advances till the first 11-year-old boy during a canoe trip in another county last summer, then again during an event of an April 24th at King of Glory.
Lutheran Church in Newport, Richie, were the troop means. King of Glory, I just keep on going.
Don't stop at that hole.
Oh, no. Did you hear what he just said? I'll find it if it's the last thing.
You're looking for the glory hole!
I know I could find it. Poor Al.
What a shame. Nobody saw that coming.
Greenleaf allegedly cornered the boy in a church bathroom and dared the child to do something. I can't...
I got it in the right...
Yeah, I don't know what it says.
During any of the authorities, Greenleaf told them he exposed himself on several occasions and said the boy was telling the truth.
Greenleaf and unemployed pediatric nurse, who lives in Holiday Florida, was released from the Landel Lake's jail.
They make that butter. Don't they land the lake's butter?
Yes, they did.
Oh, baby.
A week out, wonder where he's sticking that?
Oh, back to him.
Last week, after posting $20,000 bail on a charge of ludonous civilized exhibition.
Or maybe it's a Crisco for the Cisco Kid.
That's one of your people, by the way, Miguel. The Cisco Kid and Pancho?
What?
They're Mexicans.
Oh, I know. Why do you think I said it?
I know.
They're Mexican. Like, so in other words, you're not even related?
No.
Is that what you're trying to say about your ancestors raped some Indians?
Latinos are Latinos, baby.
Yeah.
All you are angry with is that too.
Your anti-Mexican stance just ain't gonna fly all these cow heads.
All these cow heads are all the same.
He's not guiabarras.
Oh, do they?
Yeah. And those hats.
Well, they wrap it around.
I don't tell me.
Anyway, this guy, Greenleaf, was in that way.
Maybe he knows Dickey Greenleaf.
Remember from that movie, Tundra and Mr. Ripley?
But you guys know Dickey.
He was in the process of being booked into jail last night on the new charges of ludonous civilized
exhibition and ludonous civilized moralist station.
He just can't stop.
You know, it's all him scouting kind of guys, you know?
He likes showing the boys a good time or showing them something.
Eight-nine-the-uniple were approaching 900.
Once we get past 900, then you can breathe easy.
Because if we don't get to the thousand boy.
Now, I'm serious, that would be a black mark.
And what they'll do is they'll write it up in McGill's file.
Didn't they write Duff up one time in a file because he had to take the fall for something?
I think it was that kind of leasers sign.
You know, they had a...that was Greg.
You know, Greg always used to keep everybody around because they were his buddies.
They thought.
And then as soon as he had a chance, he would throw him under the bus.
You know, like how Maddie Bell and Fatboy tried to throw you under the bus?
With that treasure island thing?
Whatever happened with that, by the way?
Nothing, I got paid and nothing.
Oh, you got paid?
Sure.
Now, weren't you trying to scan the company on that thing?
In fact, all the money that you were trying to scan on there,
if they just were given it to chicken,
he wouldn't have to be begging carrying on like a petrol and child to try to get paid.
If he sends me one more, and you know how much I love him,
and nobody appreciates his stuff more than I do.
But if he sends me another email about this whole situation,
I'm going to send it to the boat camper and have him deal with the situation.
I just, I can't deal with it.
You know what I mean?
No, what?
Well, I don't know what he wants me to do about it.
I went ballistic on the area yesterday, and I think that my hysteria has resulted in something happening, right?
And the fact that I got you to go and running around,
jumping up and down like Rumpel Phil's gun on clearance is desks about it.
I think we've accomplished something.
We'll see.
But what else would he like me to do about it?
Chicken egg?
What do you want from me, huh?
Blood?
895 votes.
I just figure if I do it dramatic enough, he'll get, because you know how he is.
He's so insecure and he gets, oh, geez.
You know, isn't he?
He doesn't even like that anymore.
No, he's still insecure.
Good.
The worst thing you ever got sucked into, getting married 265,
we finally got that under 30%, but it's 29.6%.
And I have a feeling when the returns come in from the West Coast and over the weekend,
it's going to be over 30.
I could be wrong.
Getting married 30%.
A religion 160.
My job 116, supporting the war in Iraq 111.
The stock market before crashed and burned, and I lost my ass 96.
My space 39.
And I believe there's some people had some bad experiences on there.
I can't imagine how or why, but it's, uh, uh, I guess bad luck.
I've had some bad luck, I've had some really good.
And experiences too.
The ethans die of 38.
How you doing with your scatkins, by the way?
Great.
Are you still on it?
I told you, yeah.
But you can't tell me around the ethans when you had that low carb pasta.
That's not on the ethans.
That's not the only time that I cheated.
It was a couple days ago.
I had a little bit of low carb pasta.
And the only time I cheated this week was those two big tubs of yours.
That's the same thing.
And the piece of cure that you have every day.
Sorry, it's just go and sorry, Brandon.
You know, they're, you know, they're my buddies.
And they want to keep me alive.
And they really actually cure stuff like that.
The ethans die of 38.
And I'm failing them.
I'm failing myself because I'm eating all that crap and my blood sugar is not good.
And I'm going to wind up having all kinds of stuff going on.
And then they can all dance on my grave and say, oh gee, we didn't really like him anyway.
Going to college at grad school, 383.
Joining the military, 32 and parented, soldanto chinkui.
Only five out of 895.
And Miguel is wondering, how come you didn't say a solid meant to sinko?
Because they don't speak Spanish on the show.
Okay.
Italian.
Well, that's what this town is.
There's a few more languages.
Like English would be good once in a while.
It's exciting.
Enough with the peak in a pony, man.
Enough with that.
Remember that one day I forget which day it was 900 even.
Miguel, I think you're in.
I think you got it made.
We got an hour and 40 minutes to go.
We just need a hundred votes.
Even with you at the board, we can do that with your negative attitude about the morning show.
Now, aren't you, are you somewhat shocked that man cow has got a point?
Oh, oh.
Doesn't even show up.
Doesn't even show.
Doesn't even, he doesn't make the needle move on the Richter scale.
That is surprisingly shocking, isn't it?
Uh huh.
In fact, there are a lot of things shocking.
Like our 11 to midnight hour that's got a point.
Oh, oh.
You haven't seen that, haven't you?
Actually looked at that.
Haven't you looked at that on the show?
Doesn't even show up.
Haven't you looked at that on the show?
Don't make my way down the list that far.
During the break what I'm going to do is I'm going to fax to George, the Sheet that's got the hourlies on it.
All right.
Because I want you to actually look at it in print.
And when you see that it says WQA11 and Men, 11 p.m. to midnight, a point.
There are no man listening.
It is zero.
And you know what you're going to say to yourself?
Incarnate.
Yeah, something like that.
You're going to say this is not possible.
Aren't you?
We'll see.
Well, you've been there a while.
Well, I'll show it.
I'll fax it to you.
No extra charge.
Nine hundred and even an hour to pull.
Let's uh, let's hop on it.
Friday you were scared.
I supported the Shutter that project day.
And to my surprise, this custom chain.
He met the Saudis and been late in getaway.
And shifted the blame to Saddam Hussein.
We're not the ones who were tired.
What's going on with this guy?
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
What's going on with this guy?
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
What's going on with this guy?
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
We're not the ones who were tired.
Who woulde 꺼� AndrewRhett and Drunken Андourbi Re Baron and just be drunk,
where they are, are they are.
Who woulde 꺼� Whether he's drunk or not,
Business gain.
The f***ining woman...
What's going on with drunk.
Business gain.
A bad guy.
Bass win.
Business gain.
We're up to pie, right?
We have a bag!
Yeah, not the ones who are tired.
What's going on with this bag?
We're up to pie, right?
Boy, George, why do you take so many vacations?
It's hard work.
It's hard work.
Everybody knows it's hard work.
We've got a lot of hard work.
I see on the TV screens how hard it is.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to be here.
He's got an order.
He's got an order.
Yeah, he fun.
Yeah, he fun.
I think you're really serry.
The weekend is here.
I'm going to really great move.
Everything is beautiful.
I'm telling you things are great.
What's not to like?
And I'm not going to eat any ice cream today.
And for my close personal buddies,
who keep begging and be seeking me to try to keep me alive.
They care enough to send their very best.
So, don't you think that's a good incentive?
It's great.
Listen to those people.
Okay.
Maybe I'll have some of the bulls pasta.
Not the bulls, what is it?
The bulls?
The bulls, yeah.
916 on the pole and 29.5 percent of the percentage is dropping a little bit.
There are some happy married people out there, maybe 10 or 20.
And not everybody is hostile and miserable and hates their spouse.
Like dark.
And stuff like that.
I'm over here reloading the facts machine.
Sorry.
Reloading the facts machine with paper.
Yeah, well, yeah.
It runs out when people keep sending 20 page facts.
Oh, like Jonathan plantation that we don't want.
We don't want 85 copies of a six page facts with gigantic letters about how Michael
and Moore's new movies out and it's said around so on.
It'll be great.
I can't wait.
But let us know what we can see.
Are you bungholes if it won't fit on one page?
Say it the way.
Hangholes.
Are you mung brains is what he said?
What's a bung?
Mung brain.
920.
We'll make a thousand.
Not when I would love to spare, I don't think.
But that's because Chris isn't here today.
Chris usually gets the audience all whipped up, you know.
Oh, yeah.
All that energy that he projects.
I've never actually laid eyes on.
I mean, I've seen the pictures on our mind space thing.
I've seen them on the internet.
There it is.
That's a moving picture that I sent you.
It moves me to tears.
That's what he looks like at any given moment.
Really?
Really?
So he's fat.
I mean, is that, you know, yeah?
Is that, is that, it's not a good thing?
But I mean, is should we make fun of him because he's fat?
Sure.
Okay.
Finds another thing to make fun of him for him, sure.
For what?
He's bald?
He's bald?
I can tell.
I never really looked that close because once I saw him.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a general person.
He's a good guy.
He's a very good guy.
We can't all look great, George.
Okay, we can't all look sensational and beautiful.
Okay.
Believe you me.
If I want to turn around and look at that mirror behind me, mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the
worstest of them all.
I have to say maybe, oh god.
And I'm not looking all that great these days or any recent days in the last 100 years, you know.
But I'm still doing okay.
I'm squeaking my way through.
I'm faking my way through it.
Speaking of face, by the way.
That NBC news thing last night, Brian William is teased at the beginning of the newscast.
And they don't say anything.
They tease all these big revelations that are going to come up with.
Like to think about what is it to make it like a pain.
Remember when they were saying, oh, if you eat a lot of tomato sauce and tomatoes, you're not going to get cancer because they're prostate cancer.
It's good.
And then they find out it has nothing to do with it.
It doesn't have nothing to do with it.
I mean, it tastes good.
We like tomato sauce on your pizza and your pasta and your, uh,
and your love and all of the stuff.
Yeah.
Well, that sounds pretty good for lunch, Beetle Parmesan.
But you know what?
You know what the problem with that is they put a nice big side of pasta next to it.
But no ice cream.
You know what?
It really boils down to pick your poison, you know.
Pick your poison.
Right.
Because once you get to be diabetic, you can't eat a damn thing anymore.
Anyways, you might as well try to do the best you can.
Go get a big juicy steak.
Go get a real succulent piece of meat.
A research team that includes a former top FBI scientist is challenging the bullet analysis
used by the government to conclude that Lee Harvey Oswald alone shot the two bullets
that struck and killed President Kennedy.
The evidence used to rule out a second assassin assassin is fundamentally flawed.
Concludes a new article in the Angels of Applied Statistics written by former FBI Live Metaler,
just William A. Tobin, and Texas A&M University researchers,
Ciffspebelman and William D. James.
The article continues, the researchers reanalysis involved new statistical calculations
that modern chemical analysis of bullets from the same batch Oswald is purported to have used.
It is purported to have used.
They reached no conclusion about whether more than one government was involved,
but there's that authorities conduct a new and complete forensic reanalysis of the five bullet fragments
left from the assassination in Dallas.
Oswald didn't kill anybody, and there certainly was somebody shooting from behind a grassy knoll
because that's where all the smoke and mirrors were coming from,
and that's where everybody was running toward, but don't confuse the public with the facts.
And the one thing that Brian Williams did say last night is that we're never going to know.
We're never going to know what happened in my lifetime.
I was like 20 or 12 or 22 years old when it happened, 21.
And we're never going to know, because the government lies a lot,
because all this crap we're not supposed to know.
If they decide we're not supposed to know what happens, we don't know.
Like if Joyce decides that I'm supposed to say something, we don't say it.
If we're not supposed to make sounds, we don't make sound. That's just the way it goes.
We can sell them to your mouth again.
I'm making sounds with my mouth.
Friday you were still eating no fun sounds anymore.
Oh!
Ain't no fun sounds like before.
All right.
Ain't no fun sounds anymore.
For some stinky corporate home,
Ain't Joyce took them away.
You're furry.
Can't say.
**** the **** now.
I'll be cause of some bitch cow.
Just to bring the ratings down, she don't want me to look around.
And that's why she took them away.
I'm tired of aст.
And she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows, she blows
you blow, you blow, you blow, you blow, you blow, she blows, she blows, she blow, she blows, she blows, she blows
Melody
VierWo
Til
til
Rom
Til
Rom
Til
Rom
Til
Rom
Til
Rom
Til
Rom
Til
Rom
Santos
R
Said
perfectly
כל
He just strong
The whole thing made you infected horns.
Oh yeah.
To the family.
We specialize in boar.
Oh.
And 141 votes at a pool.
I'm pretty sure we're going to get to that nifty thousand,
even with Miguel sitting there with the switch.
And of course Miguel is like in a coma.
He don't want to hear from me in this.
Do you?
No.
So why don't you analyze for us what the problem is
why these numbers are having to start so many even to start with that?
Oh!
Now that we get the marlins on there,
we should get up to at least ones and twos there with a baseball.
No, my mother's break three.
In the past, you're living in the past, mister.
That's back when the rest of the station was doing like fours and fives and sixs
and sevens and nines and tens and like that.
Wounded cheese, doughed cheese,
traded cheese, whatever.
Wounded cheese, what kind of dog, cat, sank.
Wounded, the toa, cat, sank.
And what?
French.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
I don't know.
I don't like French.
I don't like the people.
I'm not sure we have some nice French people listening to the audience.
I doubt it though.
I never, I want to take that back.
I did meet a couple nice French people when I was in Paris.
But that's another story that has to do with sex and perversion not to do with, you know.
I want to go to Paris.
You want to go to Paris?
Well, I'm sure George Elsandy, he's got a big bonus coming up from this book.
Yes, you do.
Oh!
Woo!
Now you know something during this next break when I need to do since the clearest doesn't tell a saying.
I'll look up when the next trend is coming up.
Now the good part about the next trend is, I mean, unless we fall right on our ass in the month of April, which is possible, of course.
But we're going to be dropping off that horrendous January when we got really scrooge, really bad.
And when across the street they got, you know, a whole bunch of wired diaries.
And they're going to be dropping that off.
And then all of a sudden they're going to get real quiet.
Unless, of course, you know, they get a bunch of wired diaries again or unless maybe they really have an audience now.
That's possible.
Unlikely, but.
Except for Joe.
Now what do we hear about you, any rumors, any scuttle about your hand, Miguel, that we can actually put on here that we aren't supposed to?
What do you hear?
I hear nothing, actually.
No.
We want Joe Rose back.
Now we want him under a Monday morning.
With all the respect, you know, pay off Kenny and Boa a whole big bunch of, well, an IOU would be good.
First pay Boca Brian and then we're about those guys.
Although, Miguel says Kenny would be doing a hell of a show.
Now I said, we're there without Bo Camper.
I see.
Okay, well, your silence, I think.
And see, I don't want to put words in your mouth and put you in a delicate position, especially with a guy who's 8 feet tall and could, you know, hurt me real bad.
Stop on you real bad without even working up a sweat.
He could just make you almost disappear.
Step on you like a mat.
So you don't have to say a word.
He is like, you know, 11 and 80 year old razor blade.
But that's beside the boys.
A good guy.
And his buddies over there, University Dodson, it's a lot of good facts.
He's not there anymore.
He's whatever happened to our buddy from the Deckard LLP in Philadelphia Law firm.
He's not part of the university dodge.
Who is not?
Both.
He's not?
No.
I thought that was his dealership.
It is not.
What?
It is not.
You don't hear him doing farts for a break case?
Always or would not.
Are you telling me he was never university dodge?
No, he was.
But he hasn't done a well.
At least since he was a little bit older.
Well, how now am I supposed to know that?
I'm out of touch.
I thought that the big cow from Dan Doubt was in front of our university dodge.
I'll allow.
No, this is Dan Doubt.
Why I'm informing him?
Because you're out of touch.
Well, son of the was always blaming the people of a boat camper for all this groupies university dodge.
Those are his former friends, I guess, if he's with Rick Casena.
You'll make a federal case out of it.
I'm glad you informed me.
That's why it's good having you there because you know a little bit about what's going on outside the building.
Chris, on the other hand, unless it has to do with food.
He's not really very familiar with what's going on around him.
And that's where the fat people are.
We're like obsessed with food.
946 were stuck there.
And you notice it, thank God it's not 137.
I'd be sweating bullets.
It's 1237.
It's always like between 35 and 40 when Eric steps on the break.
He just slams on the thing and then the boats come through.
Then all of a sudden when I start fishing about on the air, he'll take his foot off it now.
And about a big, you know, a crowd bunch of whole chunk will come through there.
Like at least two or three anyway.
Come on, Eric.
Take your foot off that break and quit playing with my emotions.
946, 947.
Still 947.
He's going to he's slammed that down just like in at the if anybody wants to see a good movie this weekend that they haven't seen the hit your original one.
And you told me they remade it.
Somebody needs to get shot for that.
You know the fact that they remade that movie that movie that they do it all that's made to be remade.
Of course not, but they do it all the time.
The hit your cause they got because they got no original idea.
Now do you see the hit your young fellow in both.
The new one.
I thought I knew when to and how's the new one.
I didn't know I didn't like what's his name in the first one.
He was too girly.
See, Thomas.
He's too girly.
He was a whoosh in that movie man.
He's too pretty.
Is that what you're trying to say?
He was too pretty in that movie.
He's getting pretty old now.
I would think he would take the girl dislike them for the same reason you do like him.
I see because he was too pretty.
He had a party.
My out.
He was.
He was good as 20 boy.
And what?
20 boy.
Excuse me.
Oh, good one.
So who now.
There's what I asked you whether you like C. Thomas.
I like to see him back in those days naked.
You're the good-of-the-shut.
He had the point.
Rector Howard like to see him for lunch.
Even though he was good.
Rector Howard was always good.
He made a whole move.
The relationship between Rector Howard and C. Thomas.
How was what that movie was all about?
Right.
But I was the first.
Rector Howard.
So what, tell me about the new one.
Does it suck?
Well, the new one has a hot chicken it so.
Now I see that.
That's the same thing as saying he didn't like C. Thomas Howard
because he was too pretty or whatever.
That's not what the movie is all about.
Jason Lee was hot enough.
No, but point being that the chick and the new one was tougher
than C. Thomas Howard in the original.
You know what I mean?
Like she had more.
First of all, C. Thomas Howard is not.
Yeah, he's not a girly man.
Okay, I don't know where you come up with this crap.
It's got to be that Cuban thing in you.
I didn't think it was a girly man.
He was a character.
Yeah.
So this pie, I know plenty of macho guys who are.
Who was this, you know, in many ways.
So that doesn't make him bad people.
He never stole a freight train and he invented finger food.
Oh, you're like, what's going on?
I was in a personal shot.
I don't want to think the character.
Why can't you talk about the movie for Christ's sake?
That's the one.
All you have were sexual people.
That's all you do is watch movies to find some hot chick.
Yeah.
Just like all I do is watch movies to find some hot young guy.
Yeah.
And at least we're being honest.
So the kids, have you answered the question about whether the new one is any good?
No, it was bad.
Oh, I see.
So like I said, don't go out and rent or buy or steal the new version of the hit.
Because it really sucks.
It didn't need to be remade the original one, which I don't know what year it was.
With Seatown, it's how a luck or a hour is great.
It is excellent.
If you like a horror movie, I mean, it's, you know, if you like that, John Raman.
And the new one's got some hot chicken.
And she like make it or something.
I mean, is there anything really worth it?
Why was it sick?
Sophia something?
No, I don't, I forget.
But she'd get naked.
Uh, panties, I think.
I don't count.
Yeah, what's the big deal with that?
I'm paising tight wall.
What's the big deal with that?
I mean, that baby had panties too.
You want to go see that again?
That's the Pactwap Friday, you bastards.
It's a deal for me, my offense.
The station that delivers presets.
A live man.
A deliverance we chance.
A week in law.
You can qualify by winning video presets of the movie delivery.
What is it you're trying?
We require that you listen to the radio all weekend long.
Don't say anything before.
The grand prize winner will be flown to Dofe in Georgia
for a canoe trip for two down the Kahoodle-Lassi River
and the Huda accommodations in suitable entries.
It's easy to win.
You did drop them things.
I just say the rattle.
It's endless.
It's like the most amazing thing that's in color.
Every time you hear Ned May, he's going like a baby.
It's a deliverance we can.
A week in law.
Almost station that gets you.
Q95.
About 45.
That's it from our good friends, the great Bob and Tom.
They really are great.
And too bad that some people in this business
didn't realize that they would really do well in certain markets.
I don't want to mention any names.
It starts stirring up any trouble.
You know what I'm saying?
No.
But if I make a suggestion, whatever I say,
they'll do the opposite.
Right.
Am I right?
You are.
So I really think that we're kicking ass ancient stuff
on a morning show.
They ought to continue forcing them to do a lot more sports.
And we ought to have a lot more sports writers on here.
I heard mad dog.
When the hell did I hear this?
Was he yesterday?
And he was promoting the fact that Dave Hyde was going to be his guest?
For me, Dave Hyde.
What?
For the power hour.
Ah!
Ah!
What is this obsession that this radio station has
with these flunky sports writers from the heroin and scum setting?
What is that all about?
And then this morning Kenny was like suck it up to Alex Marvets
like he was like Jesus on a motorcycle.
I mean, what was that all about?
Luckily, the good news was I think Alex is going on a long vacation.
Now if we could just take Ira Windbag and some of these other people with him.
Dave Hyde.
Okay.
Not that I have anything against newspaper people.
But what is the point of all of that?
If those people are such sports events,
why do we fire the people we got on the air that we're paying a lot of money to?
And hire those people to do the shows if people really want to hear them.
And I think that sheet I just fast you when it cates people don't really want to hear them.
At all.
I could be wrong about that.
Ah!
So, yeah, I'm not that I want to keep brailing and ranting and raven about that.
Miguel, what do you know?
That's right.
What the hell would I know about that?
I'm not a sports nerd, man.
I don't go around sniffing juxtapes and those braiding Quinn ones were.
And of course, he's busy squeezing stuff anyway.
Oh my god.
Have you seen that picture we put on air yesterday?
Yeah, I was just looking at that.
Were you?
No.
Yeah.
What do you mean we're just looking at that?
I'm on your page and I was looking at the pictures.
Yeah.
There's lots of funny things on here.
Right under the pool.
There's a braiding Quinn.
He seems to always have his hand at least this time it's on his own.
You know?
I think in his case that's probably better for his reputation.
That he's got his hand on his own goods as opposed to that kid who looks very uncomfortable and shocked.
Although that's obviously a stage thing and it's supposed to be very funny.
And I'm sure they never thought that would get on to a general circulation.
Yeah, everything gets on.
But exactly.
I don't feel sorry for people like, oh, dude, that's embarrassing.
Well, you shouldn't have had your hands in each other's crouches in the first place.
If you're going to be some kind of a macho drop, then you're going to get wind of getting drafted 22nd by Cleveland
and who now wants to go to Cleveland?
Well, one of the dolphins didn't mind any part of him.
Everybody in the crowd would have been me on, hey, Brady!
You're fairly.
Yeah.
He made his Bernie Cossars jersey.
Now, you pick it on Bernie Cossars now.
What are you saying about her?
Him.
What?
For Bernie.
I'll never, as long as I live, I'll never forget the day that he and Alan Cohen bought the Florida Panthers.
I'll never forget that.
And they had him on the worst team in the morning.
Wasn't the worst team still on?
Whoever the hell was on?
He was a guest.
That's Bernie Cossars.
And I come in and I'm sitting there getting ready to do the show.
And he comes into the studio there and he says, hey, Neil, we bought the Panthers!
Like a little girl, you know, like an excited little girl.
We bought the Panthers.
And of course, after that, they shoveled him off to the side.
You notice how long he was involved.
How many minutes was he involved in that whole deal?
About 30 minutes.
30 minutes.
And we didn't see Bernie, no moss.
So, he was supposed to be like the face man.
Like he was going to get everybody all whipped up and excited about the fact that Alan Cohen bought the Panthers.
And who cares about the Panthers now?
Anybody?
No.
In fact, look at those numbers there.
Read them in a week, baby.
Those are your winter Florida Panthers are game numbers on QAM.
We owe points.
There's a couple hours that have a minus in front of it.
Just like we're doing on this pool.
We're struggling man to get to a thousand a day and that's because everybody's gone.
Anybody with a brain who's capable who doesn't have to work their ass off?
Like us, we got to work like crazy.
And then we got a Victoria Day here coming on Monday.
Can I take that day off?
No.
No.
We got 964 on the pool though.
What's the worst thing you ever got sucked into?
Well, we get to a thousand but boy, it's not easy.
And it's because of Friday and I aren't the kids out of school.
Like next week or when is that?
George.
I don't know.
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
You've got two kids for Christ's Exit.
One is out of school.
One is out of school?
We already had this conversation, Mr. Cee-Nah.
Twice, I think.
Yeah, but it killed some good time.
No problem.
One is out of school and the other one is in school and that's somebody else's job to deal with it.
Yes, so in other words, I pay the bills.
You're not giving me an answer now just like you did in the first time.
That's why I'm asking again.
See, I have this, I have this.
I have this very annoying hand in my hand.
Eleven days.
I asked somebody a question and they don't answer it.
I asked the question again.
You know, and I wonder myself.
Why?
Didn't they answer it the first time?
A little more days or so.
I did answer it the first time.
Oh, all right.
So that isn't the excuse why people are bailing out.
But people that don't have kids that aren't tied down.
This is the real heavy duty beginning of vacation time.
This is almost Memorial Day.
And you wait until you see next weekend.
Wow.
Woo!
Heavy, heavy duty.
And then once we get to June, you won't see me very much.
Now, isn't that, is that on a, no, not on the white album?
You won't see me by the Beatles.
I do love that though.
That's a great song.
You got it in one of them.
You won't see me.
Oh, gee, that's a good song.
964 on a pool.
The worst thing you ever got sucked in, new getting married.
279.
And the good news is we're now under 29%.
For quite a while, I was well over 30.
And now it's 28.9%.
Makes you, makes you feel a little bit better about the institution of marriage.
And of course, a lot of people who got married feel like that's where they belong.
Or at least their spouse in an institution.
A religion, 172, got sucked into that crap.
My job, 127, supporting the war in Iraq, 118, very foolish people.
The stock market, people who are crashed and burned, burglary money,
like having a bonfire in a backyard, like going to woodbind and just shoveling a hundred after,
a hundred after, a hundred and plunging your guts up, 109.
My space, 40.
And by the way, well, Felix the cat, that's who that guy is now.
He's Felix the cat.
Okay, send me a gruesome story, but it didn't make any sense to me.
I would have write it on here because I used all of his stories.
They're all very good.
But it was about some my space murderer and something.
It just, I don't know.
It wasn't readable on here.
Maybe he'll rescind it or it just will forget about it.
But thanks anyway, Felix.
Felix the cat.
Then you'll know who that is.
The guy that you were ripping and asking about.
Well, if he knows how to put that cartoon up there, you know,
well, maybe he wants his picture.
His excuse is inexcusable.
But maybe we don't want to see him.
Maybe he's not.
That's a very valid point.
Or maybe he's too pretty like C. Thomas Hall.
Yeah, that could be it.
I still understand that.
I mean, he was, he was cute.
Okay, C. Thomas Hall.
He was cutesy.
He was in that movie, the outsiders, the insiders.
He was a movie.
And that is a good movie with Matt Dillon was in it.
Tom Cruise and all those punky and Emilio Estevez.
Uh-huh.
Or was the bird used to say Emilio Estevez.
They were all in that.
When they were like, you know, 20 or whatever.
Right.
And he was cute.
Cutesy, you know.
But I never thought he was like girly looking.
The character was girly.
In the hiture, the character was girly?
Yes.
I think you're squirly, Mr. I don't know what you're talking about.
What movie did you watch?
He wasn't girly.
He was just, he was a little boy.
He was a little boy.
Man up a little bit.
But he, when he stepped into that prison thing there,
whatever the hell that room was,
and he walked up to Rucker Howard and spit on his face.
Oh, it's tough guy.
Oh, yeah.
You're telling me that that was a girly thing?
There you go.
Right from his balls.
When he's sitting in the diner with his hands in his face,
and then Rucker Howard appears, he peed his pants.
And so what you have at Rucker Howard was a busy chasing you around,
chopping everybody up.
So I'm putting, and putting fingers in the fries,
making up that was great food.
I did like that.
There was a finger in the fries.
I'll teach you to be in French fries.
I wonder if they put mayonnaise on the finger.
And then you know what they do after?
They put the mayonnaise on the finger.
Back to the cargy.
Come on, it's bad.
979.
Can I ever get to read this or is it just, you know,
because then they're going to say,
see, he's just reading this plural real slow.
Like he just wants to kill a bunch of time instead of coming on in here.
Yeah, and taking a bunch of your great calls.
Okay.
Listen.
Listen to me right now.
All you people out there that are enchanted with those stupid calls,
I hope you have a real good memory.
That's what I have to say.
We took your call today, right?
I'm a steak.
David Johnson.
Yeah.
No, no, you did that.
One of you guys did that,
put like a word or two on your eye, they were.
And you know something,
I think it was like a real caller too,
but that's okay.
I'll take that chance.
I'll live with my conscience.
Getting very bad mistake they said,
283, the worst thing they ever got sucked into.
Religion, 176.
My job, 128,
supporting the word,
I thought I just read all these.
Supporting the order rack, 119.
The stock market before a crash, 111.
Going to college or grad school, 40, my space, 40,
that's where I left off.
The Atkins diet, 40.
Now, why would that have been, I don't get it.
Maybe it didn't work for them.
You know, you want to know why the Atkins doesn't work
because they didn't stay on it.
That's right.
If you stay on it, it works.
You know that.
Joining the military, 34th, thank God,
they're still alive.
We bless you folks,
and parenthood is up to 8th.
So, Tonto, Oto.
So, lament the Ocho.
So, that's to make Miguel happy,
because for you guys, I want to start with the Italian.
I know at least 40 words in Italian.
Only a 5 or 10 in French.
La Pum de Matanz.
Was that what Linda Blair was babbling in French
and the exercise, right?
I don't recall.
La Pum de Matanz.
Do you remember that scene?
No.
He had the tape recorder going.
I remember a lot of other scenes
where she said a lot of other things
and they weren't in French.
Your mother's so a socks in hell.
I mean, like that.
Yeah.
Something like that.
And like Jesus.
Like Jesus into your heart.
Yeah.
And like Jesus into your heart.
I guess that's what you were saying.
Because that's how he does what he was saying.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
I guess he's going to be pretty busy
if Jesus is going to be doing that.
And of course, that pea soup, man.
I know that's one thing I told you.
There's two or three kinds of am a soup lover.
But when you ask in a restaurant what's the soup
of the day and they say pea soup,
you just want to pee all over the table.
Oh.
Peas soup.
Yeah.
Or split pea soup.
Is that what he usually says?
Yeah.
Same difference.
Or black bean soup or something like that.
Kidney bean soup.
Oh, man.
Talk about crap for glam.
Now, kidney beans, is that more of that Mexican chow?
Are you always screaming about?
I don't know.
Kidney beans.
Although we do not talk a lot.
Don't you want to talk about?
Yeah, I do.
What's not to like in a Mexican?
Mexican.
Yeah.
Not Cuban food.
No, what is it?
That's fake Mexican.
It's airs us, but it's still, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's,
who cares what it is, it's good.
Who said I didn't like Mexican food?
I don't know.
You don't like Mexicans.
So that's real.
Get out of here.
Oh my god.
How did you do that?
Hallelujah, baby.
We play that one non-blogic blind bite.
Sorry.
In the day when someone does a small,
time, we didn't take their crap.
Sorry, chicken heck.
In Pearl Harbor or when the japs drop their bones.
Boundary bombs and bats.
And now the Saudis may hit us hard.
And on our cards are little flags, waves.
As that Saudi love and recharge voice of bombers the wrong way.
And of embarrass to be in Americans
where they follow who's like she.
The United States of America
dead by bushes, family,
breathing at this country.
Abel, they tore to the darkest days
and I used to be.
I don't want to be a packs of Americans
if they USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives
stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive
you're gonna need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They drain us through the sea.
And anyone who says that obviously
and before to be
and of embarrass to be in America
where we take triathlete
wave a flag in one hand
with our head in the sand.
It blindly follows the powers that be apathetic.
And all that's out there,
Washington State,
from you,
who's on a 65-inch screen.
Scratcher,
five,
everything's okay.
In the USA.
A bald-headed genius baby,
a chicken egg,
lunatic.
Okay, it's time to find a nice word.
And he has to beg to get paid by this company.
Has to get on his hands and knees like a door object
and put his paws up in the...
Oh, please!
I did like the caustic facts
that the email he sent to Clarence yesterday.
I did like that.
Don't be sent to me anymore of no,
don't copy me on it.
See, things have been sent to me copies of that.
I'm gonna like move mountains for him or something.
What am I gonna do?
Besides, come on here and rip them and ask
that they so richly deserve by the way.
If I'm in charge of a company
that's listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange
and I'm asking people to buy stock
in my horseball company
and I don't even pay my bills,
even the little ones, you know?
I could understand I've paying big ones like
the Marlin broadcast rights
and all this other crap.
Yeah, and it's really something
when somebody sits down with your lunch and says,
well, you know, we've been a sports station
for X number of years
and we've never, we've lost money every year.
And I'm thinking to myself,
they don't lose money on this show.
You can take that to the bank.
You can take all that money to the bank.
Do they make money on the Marlins?
No.
Have they ever made money on the Marlins?
No.
They may have...
I don't want to go on the other thing.
Because, you know, they're going to,
oh, gee, we just got the dolphins back, yellow good.
992 on the pool.
Well, Miguel knows what that's all about.
He knows that we get horse whipped
if we even like look cross-eyed at anybody.
Even if Jay Fiedler came back.
Oh, he's a good Jewish boy.
So we just, I just got off the say about them.
I mean, they suck, but that's beside the point.
And who's the quarterback going to be?
What ever happened with the deal?
Kansas City? Did that ever happen?
Nope.
So why did they keep talking about the fact
he's going to be the quarterback
when they haven't even got him yet?
What was his name?
Green, Trent Green.
Right? Right?
He used to look pretty good.
Damn, man.
Now, there was a pretty guy.
Pretty early in the sea time of the South.
I'll tell you that.
You don't think so, Trent Green.
He was a pretty, of course, that long time ago.
80 years old now.
Why, yeah, he's about 80.
And they're talking about him
because they know it ain't going to be no danties,
culpeppers, and they know damn well they should have drafted Brady Quinn.
They could have sold 80's of $1,000 worth of Brady Quinn,
jackstraps already in the meantime.
But I'm not going to start over that.
It's not my business.
And none of my beeswax.
I mean, you know, it's the bees knees that we got that often's back.
Well, that sports will definitely not win.
What do you know?
That's right.
What could I possibly know about it?
$9.96 on the pool.
I mean, just because I was the one person on this station
screaming after Merino hung it up,
that why doesn't this franchise ever draft a young star
quarterback of the future that they can build around?
You know, like the Patriots did,
or like a championship teams do.
But I'm not saying that anymore.
Well, like they did with Merino.
Exactly.
He was drafted number 8,000 or something like that.
Little did they know.
And there was Brady Quinn sitting right there at number 90
at that big smile on his face.
He had that tasty looking blonde girlfriend.
I think she's just a beard.
I wouldn't be surprised in a spare time if he is one of the village people, you know?
Well, that's what George said.
That outfit was.
Yeah, he was wearing a village people outfit.
And it looked awfully...
Yeah, yeah.
And I read all those rumors.
Of course, most of that swishful thinking.
Because one thing about us bags,
we see a good looking guy right away.
We want to...
Oh, he's...
Yeah, we heard about it.
Where'd you hear about it?
I just made it up.
Swishful thinking.
But I mean, what kind of guy keeps being photographed,
grabbing his own privacy, or grabbing,
and even worse grabbing somebody else's privacy.
That's a Michael Jackson move right there.
Right.
Now, is that what I said on the year George at the time?
Yep.
When we saw that picture,
it was the Michael Jackson glove,
holding the cracks in the whole deal.
He's got this thing about putting his hands on a guy's crock.
Sometimes his own, sometimes somebody else's.
That's all.
So what's the big deal with that?
At least he knows where to find the ball.
A 400 pound gorilla escaped.
This is from Felix the camp, by the way.
I want to give him credit,
because he's working feverishly.
This applies with a lot of good stories here.
And if I'm going to be sitting here,
read for four hours,
at least Miguel can say,
well, a couple of those were fairly interesting.
Although I can't think of any of that word, but, you know,
a 400 pound...
How about all those boy scout people?
A hundred scout, those troop leaders?
I think I missed those.
A 400 pound gorilla's score.
He escaped from his enclosure and ran amok.
And a Rotterdam zoo, Friday, you know,
Rotterdam and the Netherlands, Holland?
What about Rotterdam?
But he won't woman dragging her around
and causing panic among business visitors before he was finally subdued,
officials and a witness said.
I like that.
The dear guard,
Bly-Bly-Dorp Zoo.
See, one thing about the Dutch boy,
oh, brother, what a language.
And the J.S. silent.
Bly-Dorp Zoo.
It's like the Lion Corp is the big department store with the J. in it.
The Bly-In Corp.
And there's a candy store,
not that I buy candy all the way to it.
You know what they have there in the front?
They got Ben and Jerry's.
They got the scoop thing, Ben and Jerry's.
Okay.
The big candy store is J.A.M.I.N.
Now, you know how I pronounce that?
Yama.
That's right. Yama.
Anyway, the zoo was evacuated.
The 11-year-old gorilla named Boquito
was eventually contained in a restaurant within the park.
And I'm sure he sat down and had a fine meal.
Somebody's got to get some good food in Netherlands.
Boy, their food really blows.
So bad.
The keep-dove was shot with a sedative dark and re-cantered.
Said, Zoo spoke to them in Lillian junkers.
Oh, yankers.
That's seeds with a J.Yankers.
He was going bonkers.
But she couldn't say what condition he was in.
Now, what's that song about Kenny Rogers in the first edition?
I just dropped in to see what condition my condition was in.
I liked that song.
68 or 69.
You got it.
It's on Rulette Records.
Or a reprise record.
Recrease.
Whatever that was.
Frank Sinatra label.
And Frank Lopez too, if I had a hammer,
I'd smack your brains in.
It was not immediately clear how the gorilla managed to climb the high stone wall surrounding
his enclosure.
He got over the moat, which is in itself remarkable because gorillas can't swim.
How do you like that?
He got into a path for visitors, started running, and went to full speed through tables and
counters at the Oranya restaurant.
A witness, Robert De Young, told NOS Radio that he didn't see the gorilla's skip, and began following it,
tried to help out for you, saw people running and screaming that the animal grabbed a woman.
There were four people injured by the 11-year-old gorilla.
I saw the beast running through the park with the woman behind him, grabbing her forearm.
If you ever saw the beast running through a park, I love the park, Mr. Rulette.
I paid a lot of money.
I saw it being running.
At a distance of around 30 yards, he saw the gorilla lie down near the woman and then heard her scream.
He bit her, I think he bit her, because when he stood up, his mouth was covered in blood.
He was making sounds with his mouth.
He then said he stopped until arriving.
Police would happen and ran with him as they traced the gorilla doing her by restaurant.
Terraceway probably stopped for a little lunch.
Oh my god.
How do you like that?
Why would anybody care about that story for Felix the Cat?
I only read it because you took the trouble to send it.
You know?
And because it would kill him in good time.
And I knew when I finished reading, you know, how many votes we'd have on the pool?
A thousand.
A thousand.
I'm going to tell you something.
That was the toughest thousand votes I think I've had in ages, in a gorilla's age on this show.
When you agree?
Sure, why not?
That was a battle.
And I'm not blaming it on Miguel, although Chris is the, he's the pull guy, you know?
I thought you were.
He's in the pull position.
In fact, he's in the prone position.
Now, what is his story?
What is he dealing with today?
Is he got like the flu or is he, he didn't say I just got the one text that he was up all night's sake and he would not be in.
And you believe that?
Sure, why not?
Three day weekend, man.
Good for him.
He has it.
And more power to him and the kind of money they're paying him, although he gets paid by the hour.
And does he get docked for the sick there? How's that work?
I don't know.
Yeah.
No work, no pay.
Are you serious?
When you get paid by the hour, yeah.
Well, when you're making the big bucks, he is even afforded to take a day off here like that.
Free sand.
Don't forget we got the mad dog for three hours today from two to five because no hump or hopper is in, uh, where is he?
Baltimore.
Because we got the, uh, freakness coming up tomorrow.
And we carried that on the air, what?
We had the durbillon, but we do not have the freakness.
And you wonder why we don't have the freakness?
No.
I have no idea.
Oh, because we got the UM baseball.
No, I think it's whoever's carrying the game.
What do you mean by that?
If it's what's with one or whoever's the carrier?
What are you talking about?
Carrying the, the pre-kneus?
Right.
We had the durbillon.
Right.
So the pre-kneus would be on somebody else.
Why is that?
I don't know.
ABC had the durbillon.
They got the pre-kneus.
I mean, NBC and they got the, I'm sure they got the pre-kneus.
So Dave Johnson retired.
We got that news today.
We also got the news.
He's 100 years old.
Well, I tell you one thing about him, man.
He sure went it down.
He blurted it out.
You know, he's great.
God love Dave Johnson.
He picked street scents by the way to win again and so did I.
He hooked him up with, um, Corlan.
And I hooked him up with a hard spun, which is about a $3 exacting.
Not going to get rich bent in my pick or his street scents.
I still like street meat.
I think it's about her name for horse.
Don't you?
And if he leaves, that's what you turn around.
Street meat.
Well, there's Alberto Vioviven-Zalas.
And he's going to be next.
He's going to be next.
First, it was like Paul Wolfowitz, Cominant's hair back and spitting on that comb.
And it's going to be Alberto Vioviven.
Maybe if Alberto would loan him some of his Vioviven, he wouldn't have to do that.
We'd only hope that.
These are the kind of people that are running the country in the ground.
Okay, running the country in the ground.
Keep those words going.
Those few words right after you say running the country in the ground.
All these dead people.
And of course, there's Wolf Blitzkrieg, the JFK possibly a second shooter.
It was only 43 and a half years ago.
Like we really know, I like anybody's going to have the real answer.
It's like saying who killed Cockroven, you know?
Like Gerardo looking in who's the tune was it?
Al Capone.
Al Capone, yeah.
It's like saying, where's Jimmy Hoffa, Bernie?
Is he going to be under the metal hands?
I mean, these are all these questions.
And nobody ever gets any answers because the government lies alive.
For goodbye, J. Feetler.
Oh, I can't feed a witness.
Guess that's what happens when a Jew wraps his hands around the fat pigskin
and the villain around his jaw strap too.
Your subtle fountains are very smooth.
I used to like this poison.
I remember taking me least in bed at the gout resort
where we used to shave each other's blades.
It's all over now for my steam room pal,
who threw the pole like a cow.
And now I'm sexy with that tight smoke and ginger in the door.
That's good, that's good, that's good, that's good, that's good.
What all is good or is?
I want to set the record straight and I ain't never said to it.
It is a door, it is a door, door, door, door, door, door, door.
Which reminds me, of course, what compendium of Volka-Brand Krav
would be complete without a whole bunch of most of, right?
Absolutely.
I mean, you know, see, that's what happens to you
because you start thinking that that's the real character, you know what I mean?
That's the real, the real person and of course, it's not.
It's the entertaining one, just like that's the entertaining one.
As opposed to the annoying squeaky one, we'll be on it five this afternoon.
Maybe we can get some hockey talk.
Redways that went down to Anaheim five-three last night.
All right.
All right.
Excellent.
And he had Steve Yasmine on her between periods,
articulating and, er, er, evacuating.
And boy, he sure looked good to me still.
Even at his age, he's even prettier in Seatown, his house.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In fact, you know something, I'm going just because of Miguel.
I'm going to go out and I'm going to get that movie again and watch it this weekend.
Okay.
The hitcher.
That's one of my favorite movies.
I think it's a great movie.
You don't think it's a, forgetting about what he looked like or what a worst he was.
You don't think that was an excellent movie?
Yes, it was.
So what, what's the problem then?
That he was a worst movie.
So it was a movie.
And it was one of those movies, the ending, the ending,
left you feeling that definitely was going to be a sequel and there wasn't.
So he didn't need to be remade.
What it needed was a sequel.
Sure.
Right?
Right.
They're both still alive.
You could have Seatown this hell run around being a killer this time.
Or you could have Rutger Howard spitting in his face.
Now I'm not going to have that truck thing work.
Yeah.
You see separation in a new movie.
Separation of the body?
Yes.
Well, you know that that's, you know, going to be in there because of the special effects.
So see they make a bunch of fancy special effects that's supposed to make a movie.
Okay.
Well, we didn't have these when we first made the movie the special effects.
So like the body was like splitting apart because the two trucks were like, you know,
shoes a little tied up at the moment.
Yeah, got you good.
Huh?
We were good for people, why don't you?
Yeah.
So just a little bit of separation.
No, that's good because then, you know, people go out and see it because they want to see a lot of blood and guts in Gore.
Now, not a good movie, which the original one was outstanding.
2009 votes on the pool and eight say parenthood.
Did I ever even get down to that?
I don't know.
I'm doing really a very good reading on this.
Nothing to make any difference with it.
Anybody really cares because they're all busy running over to slot, a slot buster.
I don't know is that will be a little bit too, um, too intense for them to carry there?
No.
They should decide they sold the...
What?
Watch it.
Watch what?
They sold what?
Whatever, Wayne has no interest in them anymore and, uh...
Wayne?
Whatever it was, whatever their case.
He hasn't had any interest in that in, uh, dogs age.
I mean, it's like...
I have no idea what they're doing anymore, but, uh, you know,
but they're not censoring movies.
That what you're trying to do.
As I know, I have a lot of hard movies there.
Well, thank God for that.
Cindy Sheen, who's got a column almost every day now, and thank goodness for her because she at least, uh,
she's like Doug Thompson, man.
She owes nothing back.
She opens up a mouth and makes sounds with her mouth and really, really tells her like it is.
She says, before the Iraq War, I thought Tony Blair had some courage and integrity because of the British support after the attacks of 9-11.
Of course, we're all very close allies.
But when he went along with George Bush and the War of Aggression when he knew it was wrong,
we know that because of the Downing Street memos, he showed that he was as aberrishes as the Bush administration.
I believe that Blair was used as much as Colin Powell was for his integrity.
I believe he gave a lot of credibility to the lives of the Bush administration in the eyes of the rest of the world.
He could have said the parliament, this is a bunch of bolognics lies.
They're drawing up these false reasons for war.
Why did Blair not say enough?
This will be an unindegative disaster and has to be stopped.
If Tony Blair goes into a way consultancy with the company that does war profiteering, I think it'll be deplorable.
Going on the speaking circuit, we're making money from our dead soldiers and hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis.
As regards the congressional gold medal Blair must have got it when Republicans were in control of Congress,
second and further diminishes what medals mean in our country.
I mean George Bush gave the presidential medal or freedom to George Tennant, former director of CIA and Tommy Frank's former head of central command.
For all these honorable people, their lives and their treason has premeditated war,
mice on and hundreds of thousands of others are dead or wounded.
A country is being destroyed on a daily basis and Bushco is still free to commit their crimes against humanity.
It might show a tiny bit of integrity for Blair not to receive his medal, since he's here.
She is pissed off and fired up and rightfully so that she's got the courage of her convictions and she goes around writing and speaking and marching and protesting.
And of course they do the old smear and smear on her too, just like that Michael Moore.
By the way, how many copies of that fact you got about that new movie is?
None.
Now what is it called?
The New Michael Moore movie.
The Jonathan Plantation was faxing the 8 million copies before.
Right.
A sickle, sickle.
Sickle?
Yeah, sickle is about the crappy medical care in the West or you can just go watch George C. Scott in the hospital.
That's another petting chance to be filmed.
Yes, also very good.
Hospital.
Excellent.
Not as good as...
I'm not even mad at hell!
I don't think I take this anymore.
Network for damn close.
Pretty good.
Depressing though, morbid and depressing.
If you're one of those people that gets easily depressed, anyone like put a gun to where you head, don't watch the hospital because it's very...
As I recall, it's been a long time since I've seen it.
It was like an alcoholic, you know?
And of course, anybody that has seen what goes on in most hospitals probably is ready to become an alcoholic or a drug or something anyway.
And of course, what better place to find good drugs?
Right.
Now what are these very important faxes that are coming in?
It's the schedule for next week.
My name's on it.
And they got my name on there on Monday, which is a Victoria Day in Canada, which I guess I got to work.
I sure hope they don't have my name on the following Monday because I will not be on.
Georgia beyond, which is a good thing in the day, but I told you this morning.
Yeah, good.
That's the word for it.
Well, I mean, you could take that day off and I could work, but it's not going to happen.
What? What are you laughing about?
Well, I've done that before for a while.
I know.
Like a great, sure holiday time.
You're just missing various times.
I've worked in the, you know, so I can worship Jesus.
That's where I see you can go to church and you can spend all your money and put it in a plate when they pass it around and, you know, help them pay off all those lawsuits.
With all the child molesters.
I think when we come back after the break, we don't have like a long medley.
Not that it's Friday and I'm looking toward two o'clock because I get accused of that from some of these Ojón provocateurs out there from the recording in the audience.
What?
I think it's a huge idea.
But a, a most segment since it's our salute to both of Brian, by the way, who can't get paid by the beeslees by this Nasdaq Stock Exchange listed company, the beeslees BBGI-MIS.
1014 will be in on the poll.
We got over 1000 McGill con rest easy because well with that of an embarrassment.
That is a huge amount of money from 10 to 2 out of 516 WQAF.
My only fault already.
Why the, you bastard.
I don't see here.
I ain't never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
I'm never said no.
Hey me bye I can do it.
Re gonna fly.
twice as clear where the try is?
I'm always on the draw.
Yeah you got through the chat.
But hey man, why never do I laugh.
Keep your eyes open!
So door of our childhood
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I'm going to get you in the next video.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bag.
Spam down to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
And I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why I'll have you know that I'm a big fucking Jew.
A Brooklyn height.
I've been raped by a very body but you're not high-kite.
Me and my husband have been low.
No way that we had a fight.
That you'll survive.
Who'd want to hear a genitalia.
And pushy tight.
That's crappy together.
I'm going to get out of your mind.
I'm going to get out of your mind.
I'm going to get out of your mind.
And show what you and me for me is much better.
Six to ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
What can we be better.
What can we be better.
What can we be better.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh Oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh at least I bent. Hey, everybody, please don't move.
I'm going to the door, no!
But I'm a very checkered fan,
And shuffle up from the stove!
And pick a toy!
Click on, click and click on, click.
You doing it?
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, dude, do it, do it, do it.
You doing it, do it, do it.
Uh, hein?
Hi!
What such a hoist!
Who is this hoist?
We're daar!
These are the designs of legend!
And so?
They're the big helps!
I don't think he is. I'll show you in half.
She is here.
I'm the one who's waking up.
What are you doing on stage?
Shopping for jelly shoes?
I'll show you in half.
Come over here.
I'll lift it.
Careful, please stop, millimeter.
See?
We're only doing it on stage.
We're only doing it on stage.
We're only doing it on stage.
Maya Mohar with the finale begins their gמזבות-ng theatre.
I don't know about my own face or movement, but it's for school faith.
I don't know why they hate me, or why they always hate me.
It must be because I like school's credits for school faith.
A baseball on my arm like a random knally map a locker-walk.
I got main draw my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hauls.
But that don't mean that I'm gay.
If you think my arms are made, you ought to see my legs.
I might as well keep on smoothing, shaving, and show a little glass the next time I'm raping it.
I could go through a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a novice, the fat little freak.
I get them up famous now again upon the heat.
The reason I dismissed that sneak and fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestors.
Hey, somebody talk over there, nobody talks when I rap.
I rap then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, I ain't no swear.
I'm a ding-dong daddy, man, I'm really dead.
I buy her any one I want, I don't care.
Much way if they make me flip my wig made her smelly green hair.
I get fired myself and even happens to the Greeks.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the gents.
Paradise.
Paradise, I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
Go go go go go.
I'll be sure that another screw gets when I get the jakes.
The greeners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does that take?
Killed it calling the plate.
It was just a little thought.
So what I left this day.
And that's funny when I knock the sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want because the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mau?
Something you ought to know.
But along this time I wanted you to be my pal.
You wipe my tight pal, now I am straight.
No no.
Who, who, who do you do it?
I don't take no for an answer.
Look at that.
What it's kind.
Not you.
I have big things.
Do the door door.
Who?
Do the door.
Do the door.
Who?
Do the door.
Do the door.
Do the door.
Now without it made him if he was wearing that really nasty piece.
The extra nasty one.
An api-headed hoe.
Ooh.
That would have been bad.
No, I'd be caught in mow.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
An api-headed hoe.
I'll tell you that.
1029 and a pool.
So I was 29.
Both sets are not too bad.
I kind of enjoy that.
That was fun.
That was so many of you know.
I wasn't that.
And of course, you know me.
I'm just mailing it in.
You know, they mind me palm tree guy who doesn't have a name or
I didn't.
He probably doesn't know how to like make a real profile alleged.
He sends me this a banal bastard blog thing from like I don't know how long ago.
And ripping everybody on the station, including me and mailing it in is the
line in there.
Is if I really care what they're going to say.
I'm like we're going to say something good about any of us.
Mailing it in.
And who's favorite line that is?
I give up who.
Default.
I see for speaking of getting stand in the back.
I do you best.
All right.
Donné is copy sheet all entirely gone.
Who see the
It's not so bad.
That's the occupation.
Now we're all through.
And as the machines, let's upgrade a brain.
And my electrophysed heart wire to their fate.
And those they get in vain, stack them in a pile.
There's a code at moment to say Jesus, smile.
We'll pursue all that straight, that's far as hers.
In wrestling, no atrocities for child.
Who's wishful like the birth of holy Father, shorter?
Who's wishful like the birth of holy Father, shorter?
Oh my God.
I'm in a company, a family, a family, a family, a family.
I've been hurt like rubber on a matter of days.
All right.
146 and 560 to be a cue.
I'm free to vote for Brian today, who's having a hell of a time.
Getting paid by the bees, what?
I would just talent.
How on what?
Talent.
Oh, I've heard maybe he had some big news like maybe he got paid.
No.
Or maybe he got laid.
I don't know.
Which would be better.
How much and who likely?
Rest on your likely, certainly not the paid part.
I think he does all right.
Well good for him.
Thank God for that.
If you can't get paid, please get laid.
Jerry Falwell's deal with it.
If I started now, this article would take me to midnight.
Luckily for Miguel, the weights when I read, we had limited time.
Robert Perry and his merchant chimps saw this.
We never get to get you pissed off and then you can read the rest on our website.
That's what I'll do.
No, you won't.
You'll understand me of your life.
How many do you think I have?
Oh, that's correct.
I know.
Well, it's because you're not a newsie guy.
You're more into like Huchi Kuchi, you know.
That is correct too.
Well good.
The Reverend Jerry Falwell's death were the listed scores of eulogies on the good.
The teller, when you know me, I'm just mailing it in.
Don't you understand?
That's what Mifo would tell you.
And those guys over for tend to be broadcasters.
Most of whom are not.
Even close.
I'm just mailing it in.
The Reverend Jerry Falwell's death were the listed scores of eulogies on the good.
The teller, when you know me, I'm acknowledging some hurtful actions, such as blaming gays and civil liberties for 9-11.
But there's another little known chapter of Falwell's career.
His collaboration with a Korean cult leader, been on transforming the U.S. into a theocracy.
Like other prominent Republican figures, Falwell ended in a way behind the scenes alliance with the Reverend Sun Young Moon.
Even as the self-proclaimed Messiah was announcing America as Satan's harvest, and bound to incorporate the U.S. into a worldwide theocratic empire that would eradicate all individuality.
Falwell sought to conceal his relationship with Moon, sometimes denying falsely that he had benefited from Moon's financial help, or he had been photographed with a cult leader.
Other times Falwell sought to justify his acceptance of Moon's large S.
If the American atheist society, or Sodom who say never, said an unrestricted gift any of my ministries Falwell said in response to a question about Moon's financial assistance,
be assured I'll operate on Billy Someday's philosophy, the devil's had it long enough and quickly cashed a check.
Falwell's acceptance of Moon's mysterious money was first disclosed at consortiumnews.com in the fall of 97.
In a pattern common to Moon's financial operations, the Korean cult leader stepped in when leading American conservative in this case Falwell was facing potential ruin.
In 1995, the jewel of Falwell's life's work, liberty, and university in Linsford, Virginia was facing bankruptcy, then seemingly out of the blue.
Money became available through a small nonprofit organization to buy up a large chunk of the school's debt.
On January 28, 1995, a beaming reverend Falwell told his old-time gospel hour congregation news that seemed heaven-sent.
Falwell hailed to Virginia businessmen as the financial saviors of debt-written liberty university.
They had to borrow money, hawk their houses, hawk everything Falwell said, even hawk a china.
Thank God for friends like Dan Reiber and Jimmy Thomas, he said, Falwell's congregation roses one to applaud.
The star of the moment was Dan Reiber, who was standing behind Falwell. Thomas wasn't there.
Reiber and Thomas were in Falwell's public gratitude by excusing the fundamentalist Christian college of about half of its 73 million dollar debt.
In the late 80s, that flood of red ink had forced Falwell to abandon his moral majority political organization and the definitely drowned liberty university in bankruptcy.
Reiber and Thomas had come to Falwell's rescue in the nick of time.
Their nonprofit Christian heritage foundation of fourth Virginia had bought a large portion of liberty's debt for two and a half million dollars.
Just a fraction of its face value.
Thousands of small religious investors who invested in church construction bonds to a Texas company were the big losers, but Falwell shed no tears.
He told local reporters that the moment was the greatest single day of financial advantage in the school's history,
left unmentioned in the happy sermon was the identity of Falwell's real guardian angel, the person who actually was protecting Falwell's financial interests.
Falwell's secret benefactor was Reverend Moon, who was the controversial idiot with many fundamentalist Christians because of his strange biblical interpretations and his brainwashing tactics that had torn thousands of young people from their families.
But the mid-1990s Moon had also grown harshly into American.
So covertly Moon helped bail out liberty university through one of his front groups which funneled three and a half million dollars to the Reiber Thomas Christian Heritage Foundation, the nonprofit group that had purchased the school's debt.
I discovered this Moon Falwell connection while looking for something else.
How much Moon's women's federation for World Peace had paid former president George Herbert Walker Bush for a series of speeches in Asia in 1995.
I obtained the federation's internal revenue service records but discovered that Bush's undisclosed speaking fee was buried in line item of $13.6 million for conference expenses.
There was however, listing for $3.5 million educational grant that a Christian Heritage Foundation, a quality Virginia Corporate Records Office, confirmed that the foundation was the one run by Reiber and Thomas.
I was able to learn about the secret Falwell Moon relationship from a civil lawsuit that was unfounded the circuit court of Bedford County, a communion Southwestern Virginia.
That evidence suggested that the Falwell had solicited Moon's help.
Two of Reiber's former business associates alleged that Reiber and Falwell flew to South Korea on January 94 and a seven-day secret trip to meet with representatives of the Unification Church.
The court documents that Reiber and Falwell were accompanied to South Korea by Ron Godwin, who had been executive director of Falwell's moral majority before signing on as Vice President of Moon's Washington Times.
And of course there's always Takamun.
It goes on, it's a long story and most people don't care about it because Jerry Falwell was a man of God and all that other crap.
Or, you know, he was a right-wing hate-monger and you know, all the penite, I wore your asses and said, and what sort of defense you were pushing it on?
1047, not too shabby me God, you done good. Well, I mean, okay, not great.
Anytime.
You know Chris.
No.
1047 is our total, what's the worst thing you ever got sucked into in life in the history of your life?
Getting married 28.8%, 302 people.
But at least under 30, under 29% gives you hope.
A religion, my my youth, religion 187, my job 137 supporting the one Iraq 130.
The stock market before crashed 115.
Going to college or grad school of 44, the Atkins died 44.
And that's because they're weak like me and they probably eating pizza and pasta and ice cream and cakes and cookies and candy.
All of these things.
My space, they got sucked into 42.
Joining the military 36 and parenthood, so that they sold onto the HDS.
Why is it that I don't know, I'm getting away from the Spanish numbers getting more into Taliano.
Because when I moved to Rome next week, I'm going to mind your mind and then I'll be dead.
But at least I have a big smile on my purse when I moved to Rome.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I
don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't know, I don't know I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't do know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
I don't know, call me, as I'm sad, I don't know politicians about how, how I'm sad, I'm sick of, and that causing me heart pain, I get yours.
She blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she blow, she
Stimeptive of Becky Joyce took them away, Becky Joyce took them away, oh my, oh my, oh my god, bye bye, bye
