oh
And if the specter
Ask you out when you're at the house of blues
You should refuse
At his home he'll say you must stay here
For he knows it's a gun you will feel
And when ravency and a boector
Then go on a date with Mr. Phil Specter
On his walls, on lots, on records of gold
You'll end up cold
Dead and cold
I'm dying on the air
You'll be dead and cold
Boy
Dead and cold
Alright, and speaking of that
The Phil Specter murder trials have been played a video tape
For the music producers Brazilian show Führer
Telling police he heard his boss say
I think I killed somebody
I must have been talking about something else
The LA Superior Court hearing on Tuesday
Saw footage of AB Allard de Susa
Recounting how Specter spoke to him while holding a gun near the body of Lannock Clarkson
Five hours after she died from a fatal gunshot
I think I killed somebody
During the tape de Susa is asked whether he sure he definitely heard Specter say
I think I killed somebody after a brief hesitation to show for
Whose first language is Portuguese?
I think so, I think so, I'm not sure it's my English
Not too vivid English but it's he speaks Portuguese
Portuguese
Lisboa
I think there's a lot of Lisboa's in Lisboa
I'll find out for you someday, I'll go there
Thanks, I'd like to know
Well let's take a look at this now because we got the holiday weekend
And not always the price of gas through the ceiling
But they want to really stick it to you boys and girls
Now through June 4th which is Monday
No, yes, a week from Monday
Oh boy, a long time in other words
Now through June 4th for the next many days
Ten
Broward Chersoft's deputies will join with other law enforcement officers
Throughout Florida and the nation, deferment reinforce vehicles seatbelt
And shall be straight laws
Motorists pulled over this memorial holiday weekend
Who are not buckled will be ticketed
No warnings, click it or ticketed
Click it or ticket
Sounds like a bunch of Nazis to me, doesn't it?
Yeah
Click it or ticket or else
BAM
An addition BSO will conduct DUI saturation patrol
From 8 p.m. May 25th, which is tomorrow
Through 5 a.m. May 27th in areas of uncorporated central Broward
Oakland Park, Tamarack, Deerfield Beach and Pompeo Beach
Imperial drivers will be identified in DUI laws
Will be actively enforced
The information is published across the compliance of the Supreme Court
ruling mandate in prior notice selective enforcement activities
Because even though they don't want to take it that
They don't want us to be on the attorney that give you the warning
I'll read that many many times all through this holiday weekend
As a pubic service
Even Saturday and Sunday already, you won't hear it
Because we won't be on here
And I sure won't be sitting in here
So, how did it yesterday?
It would buy a Neal I lost, but not real bad
So when you make a big comeback like that, you feel like you won
I shouldn't know, it wasn't going to be a good day
Because the first machine I started out, it was as cold as Phil Specter's victims
And I left it and here it comes along
And he puts in a $20 bill hits it a couple times
It's too grand online
And I'm sitting down on the end on a dead machine, man, on a dead piece
And he gets too grand online, I talk to myself
You best start to owe you
It's not a... not enough lifting experience
It happens to everybody, I don't get upset like I used to
I don't start spitting blood and you know, spitting my teeth on the floor and stuff like that
But it's not a good thing, you know? You think?
Whatever
No, you don't care, you're indifferent
That's right, you got yours coming
He and I croak
And I didn't have any ice cream yesterday, ought to be pleased with that
Good, good
A man trying to kill his girlfriend by stopping a current front of an approaching train
Was killed himself Monday
When the train hit the vehicle and launched him...
Launched into him
Let me try it again, the train hit the vehicle and launched it into him as he tried to flee
The girlfriend survived
How do you like that? Payback is a bitch
Is that what they used to say on Hollywood squares? That's what Peter Marshall used to say
Payback is a bitch
The man drove the current front of a group of other vehicles
And who else is a bitch? Oh, I better not say it
No, don't
What do you mean don't? I mean, go ahead
No more fired sound? I don't want to say it
It's a skanky bitch
Man drove the current front of a group of other vehicles, stopped at a railroad crossing in the San Fernando Valley neighborhood of Sunland
Officer Mike Lopez said, more good news by the way, my paycheck showed up yesterday two days early
Ediboy fat Joe, Jolly fat, they'd be Joe
See, he doesn't pay you a ticket net because they don't care about him
And they sure don't care about you guys, but me and him
They care all right
They care enough to send the very worst, they're like hallmark and reverse
The driver who was arguing with his girlfriend parked the car on the tracks and jumped out leading her behind
Wow, leading her behind
And the rest of her too
A northbound computer train hit the rear of the car, hurling it into the man
The girlfriend was taking the hospital, she's in stable condition, she's going to be okay, he's dead
Lopez said she got hit by a train and lives, he gets hit by his own car and he dies
You see, there is justice
The train was heading from downtown Lancaster, northern LA County at the time of the 12-o'8PM crash
Said, in East Turrell, a spokesman for Metrolink in LA
The Metrolink, I bet it really stink, just like the Metro fail in the South Florida
What that thing has gone over like Halivai in Saudi Arabia
There were no injuries on the train which carried 132 passengers and crew members, the train had superficial damage
The train speed wasn't immediately known, limited to 79 miles an hour
If that speed would take a third of a mile to stop, it's highly unusual for somebody to survive being struck by a train
The train to your car is like a car to a soda pop can, it's not going to be a fair fight
She said, well I guess talking about overstating the obvious, it's like a what to a soda pop can?
Your car to a soda pop can, not going to be a fair play
What they're saying is don't get hit by a few people
A little piece of good advice for you, do you get that ticket with straightened out there?
Yes, did you? It had to do with the website and there was a way around it and I corrected it
And we can correct your situation tomorrow if you want to or not if you don't it doesn't matter
Well you can send it, go ahead and send it
To your friend?
Yeah, okay
You don't know where to send it?
Yes I do
Well go ahead, he'll get a big chuck a lot of it
And so will everybody else once we talk about it on the air?
Which I don't think we'll be doing
Right
I don't know why, you're a chicken, that's why
Yeah, I'll be frank, you know something, I'm going to show you how it looks
And I'm going to stop today
You'll see
Yeah
And you'll see
You'll see, you'll see how far this goes, I think what are on there is it
Anyway, that's right, I need the money man
Well everybody else needs the money including you
That's why I keep going, I get up and walk out of here right now if I have to take care of everybody
I'm a responsible person
Are we all?
Would you agree with that?
Sure
I show up here every day every morning at about eight, in fact I'm here like a quarter to eight every morning now
Early, I'm the early bird
And then you come in around eight, twenty five, eight thirty-ish whenever you get through a shopping for supplies
What are you doing?
Drug deal
What kind of supplies are we talking about?
Drug supplies for towns and uh...
Well what the hell should you have to buy paper towels?
Oh please
Are you crazy?
Are you going to be a crazy person right here?
I listen to me, Nasdaq Stock Exchange
And you're spending your hard earned money than I take care of my own supplies in here
I don't want to have to go through the indignity of what's taking on this thing
You're buying paper towels, well whatever
The matter
Anyway here's the poll from yesterday, the biggest blunder
And thank you for changing it by the way while I was losing my ass
But make a good comeback on the five dollar machines that would buy
The dollar machines are for suckers like me, you've got to be a moron
Would you remind me of that on Saturday or the right-wing brand?
Hey, listen a moron
Oh I guess what?
I got a three day weekend coming up
Oh yeah!
See there we go again, all he cares about is how much time off he can get some weather that is checked to show up
That's right, now you're catching on
So many jealous best dollar bills out there, I can't stand that you know guys that are making like
How much is Chris making, how much an hour you can pay?
You really want to know that?
Yeah, I was like, I'm here
Why?
Because I'll cry
No, how much?
People don't want to talk about that on the year
Why not?
Because it's embarrassing
Exactly
Well less than five bucks an hour?
No, no, no, not that bad
Well I mean if it was less than that I can understand but I mean if you're making 10, 15, 20 bucks an hour
I wish
I feel bad for you, in fact George is going to start taking care of you
I'm not
I just got too many, you know I got my plate is full at the moment
The biggest blunder with WQ I've been in the last ten years was
Is it really that embarrassing?
Yes
I guess it would be embarrassing if I talked about how much I'm making on year two and that
To who?
Not to you
Not to you, not to the same, well I mean not in the same way
But you just don't talk about money isn't it a good prank?
That's the...
Talk about religion politics or money
Or something you don't have it
I beg your pardon?
Especially when you don't have it
What? Money or sex?
What do you have?
I'm hearing about you
Anyway we don't want to talk about that
The biggest blunder with WQ I've been in the last ten years was
Hiring Joyce's attorney that nasty, hateful, a skanky bitch
495
34% of this audience said hiring her was part of our demise, our downfall
Oh, disaster
As a matter of fact, just to start a Thursday on a right note, here's a message from me for Joyce
BAH
That's for you honey
In fact guess what, here's an E
BAH
BAH
And in case George don't like that
BAH
There you go
There's a couple of those thrown into
Nox your charge Joyce
And by the way, Georgia Beasley is on to your ass too, she thinks you're a disgrace
I'll put a stir on the year because Blunder 185
I shouldn't have said that, should I but that's true
Didn't you tell me that?
Yes, I'll tell you that
But you know something, I got an idea this spice thing substance we have, you know, we're under the thumb of corporate now
Let's just start making up a bunch of crap, you know, what even start?
Yeah, well we've been doing a long time, we just haven't caught on yet
Well let's tell everybody we're making stuff up, then we're gonna get a big chuckle out of it
Like that Dan LaBanstert
Putting Stern on the year 185
Letting Joe Rose get away 166
Once he's out of there, they're gonna crumble like a piece of Mata
Hiring Mohawer David
Anthony Nye said that
Dumping the first team 110
Dumping for Owl 103
Letting Mohawer 83
Hiring Mohawer was bad
Letting Mohawer was bad, they should just, you know
Made him into a human bowling ball
Kenny and Boehr morning show 64, well what can I say about that?
Hiring Joe Bell 49
I still understand that, let's start out with almost nothing with those same six votes for a long time
I think he had the break turn out like Eric does, maybe Eric showed him how to do it
He put the break on, suppressing all future votes and then he just got tired, you know
He had to go eat a few sandwiches and when he took the foot off the break it zoomed up to 49
Hiring Neil 33, who would want me on here with those numbers
And making clearance the program director in last place 32
I guess they like clearance
They like the guy that hangs around on the mat
It just works for him
That's where it starts, that's where it starts
Well our audience isn't this forced fraternity, you forgive our audience
Well they don't care about that
Well they're the people who voted on this poll
They don't understand
If they realize what a detriment he is to everything then they would turn on him like a cornered rat but never let them eat it
Neil, God
That's a movie
Dreamworks picture is proudly presents
The return of one of the most adored animated characters in motion picture history
Shrek is back
With a pair of two
You're a monster
This time he's taking no shit from anyone
Do what?
Oh, yes
See Shrek gone crazy in the third installment of this trilogy
Maybe I could have decopitated the entire village and put their hands on a pipe
Is that sound good to you?
No, not really no
Kill'em!
He'll be fine
Shrek the third
Meener and greener
Bye bye
Kill'em like that
Now playing to scare the living sh** out of your children
The living what?
It's a 10-18
The living will I think has said something like that
Since you're talking about wheels a lot these days
By the way, don't forget about that seat belt and D-line enforcement now through June 4th
Wow, they're just going to be after your ass
They're going to be like just harass your ass all they can
So I'd stay home and just get drunk
Good plan is now what you do on the moral day
That's what you should do
You go back yard and come to the work yard
And if not you like going to front yard
You like going somebody else's backyard and you get out the Bobby Q
And you start cooking a bunch of weenies and burgers and stuff
Meat, dead animals
Yeah, a bunch of raccoons and possums and stuff
And then you like lay down and play possum
Never play with a possum
Those are nasty things aren't they?
Yeah, well we had some issues recently
Did you really?
Yeah, but they're over with at least until the next possum
Oh man they got nasty ass
Yeah, like they were once upon a time
I've always used to catch the Bufo Toads
And I would put them I had a big Vada Clorox
And I would go and I had to buy my back fence there
And I would throw the Bufo Toads into the Vada Clorox
Which is I don't know where the hell I read that
But kills them real fast
Sure, the only problem is it makes a bad stench
You know all this up here now?
I'm sure if somebody threw you in a Vada Clorox
No, he made it through
He made it through Hank in a Vada Clorox
Wow, I have to be a big Vada
But anyway, maybe the Vada would like you viscer rate the fat
That's bad
Why did you do that?
What?
What did I do that?
You talk about him like that
You keep talking about him like that
What did I do for him?
Anyway, Mad Dog at 2
We got to power hour with Mad Dog and Hank 4 to 5
Humpers Solo 5 to 630
And then 630 at Marlins on deck
Marlins in the Phillies they lost last night
Was at 8 to 7 and 10 in the Marlins
And there was a really healthy crowd there
11,000 someone out switch means 5,6,000
And then game that was at a K after the ball game
Till 1am
As we're starting to spend a couple of bucks
Not too many but we want to get at a K
You know on there a little bit because we get those numbers back up to at least
You know 3s 4 something
Something besides something starts with a
Oh my god
That jolly jolly man
I'm going to tell you the brain trust
But I've taken a different attitude about it
Because I do the check showed up 2 days early
Nice going jolly jo
See he takes me at my word
I said all I care about is the check show and up
And they show up earlier and earlier pretty soon
I think probably a mom going to get the check that's due on June 10
When that be good
In fact I got a really great ID
Why don't they just give me all the checks that are
Do the next year and a half
And I'll just bail out
I'm a zazz sound
Bad?
I think I just hit them other low
Baby I think I just had the right ID
If you want to send me the checks early send them like all in advance
Start like Tuesday morning right after the holiday weekend
Wouldn't that be great?
Yeah
I get an emergency a phone call or a text message here or something saying
Hey guess what?
How about your check showed up in the box?
Wooo
Heavy duty party time baby
Party time
Here's today's pool
And I don't want to read all this stuff about Jim McGreeby
And she said she never knew he was gay and blah blah
How would you react if you found out that your spouse
Or significant other was gay
727 votes
Well make a thousand of these about all Chris
I mean this is never a good pool
Although I do have Charlie we thank you Charlie
Some good stuff that you sent me for tomorrow
Right?
That one about which label best describes you doing your school years
And by the way if you're waiting for any calls today
Don't hold your breath
They're not gonna be there
Yeah hold your breath
Inhale now I'll tell you when you can exhale
They're not gonna be there
I'm gonna do the show
I keep threatening to do this and I'm gonna finally book up and do it
I'm gonna book up
I'm gonna be a real manly guy
Believe me? No
You mean I would have had a screen call again today?
No you do not have to screen calls ever again as far as I'm concerned
No you're too kind
The calls suck the whole concept you know it worked one day
And then of course it degenerated right back like I predicted
Like it always does
And the same idiots play the same games
And there's no point to it
There are no more calls
How many years have I been saying that people have sought for
They got nothing to say
Not 100
At least
So what makes anybody including Charlie Fadjo
Think all of a sudden they're gonna have something to say
I mean on the sports show they got something to say
The only problem is it's the same people saying the same crap
Over and over and over and over
And oh why are you out there can't Cameron and yeah right
Can Cameron my ass
I'm sorry
I shouldn't say that
Anyway how would you feel if you found out your spouse or significant other was gay
734 votes
Suggest a 3some 359
I mean that to me sounds silly doesn't it?
Yeah
Well whatever
Well of course these are all guys saying that
These are guys saying that
They're looking for some kind of a lesbian right?
Yeah I forgot about that
That's what I mean
The only fact that I am
Or being a real faggot
Split upper divorce 202
I already know here she is gay
This is the shocker to me
54 say I already know here she is gay
54
Well what does that mean
Well what are the implications of that?
I don't know
I know
We didn't really kind of speechless
I already know that my spouse
Or significant other is gay 54
Well maybe that's the can't do anybody
Maybe that's the gay couple answering that
No it's not
Get out of here
Alright
See it Jesus you know you could
You could pee on anybody's parade you could put out a forest fire
What I'm just trying to explain that
That's not what it means
Alright maybe it is
But that's no fun
I mean that's just so pedestrian
Forgiven forget 52
What does that mean
And keep in mind this is Charlie's pull
I didn't make this thing up
Forgiven forget 52
What does that mean
I don't know
May more kill the bastard of bitch 27
See that's more like
More reasonable than forgiven forget
I don't have any problem that I just don't know what it means
Turn the tables and have an affair of your own 29
There you go
And pretend I don't know and let it slide 13
Let it slide
Remember that song?
Let it ride
Who did that?
BTO
BTO
That's right
Bachman Turner overdrive
Boy those were the days on Zayda baby
We're pumping out the hits having a good time, a lot of laughs
Yuckin it up, the bird, you're a good buddy, the bird and Caprita
Caprita was rolling around on the floor doing drugs and all the food
There it is, sounds like BTO
You know something they're great, I love them
And this is my favorite song it is
Everything they did sound exactly the same
All that they got overplayed
And that's not their fault
No they just sound the same
They had that certain sound which is a good sound
But it all sounded the same
Do it ride, ride, ride, ride, ride
Let it slide and give it a ride
Or something like that, only a 13 to that
You guys see what I mean?
It sounds exactly the same
Wow
Man
No, no, that one sounds different, I do love that
Everybody does the boy
Taking care of Bindus baby, that's what we're doing at QIM
Who doesn't have the same surprise already though
That's true
8 million times they played it
I bet you're Ricky Tiki played that
I wonder how Ricky Tiki is enjoying his retirement already
Maybe he'll send me an email again one of these days
Maybe you'll go with your lady and have dinner with Ricky and his wife
With your lady
Or your wife, yeah, either one
Whichever you choose
751 votes on there will make the thousand
By the way, speaking of gas, look at that
They're seeing it and they're all whipped up about those gas prices
And I, er, it's almost 1030 already
And the collected dimension as we do every day or try to every day in the show
Thank you Mr. President for those low gas prices
You murdering, butchering, bastard
With all that blood on your hands
You lunatic, you doofus, you dumbo, you simpleton, you low-ron
And anyway, see, of course, to show you just because somebody is as simple
Then it doesn't mean that they're not dangerous
In fact, the dumber they are the more dangerous they generally be
Congress begins hearings today on a bill that would make gas price gouging
A federal crime punishable by ten years in the slammer
Nancy Pelosi says she'll move the bill that will vote this week
If she gets the two-thirds majority of the sheets to fast-track it through
And what member of Congress wouldn't approve that?
Price gouging and its flipside manipulating prices downward for electoral gains is the epitome of low-hanging fruit
low-hanging fruit
Oh, I've known some of them
High-gas prices hurt and they hurt ultra-nationalist and white evangelicals
And security moms as much as anybody else
Public citizens estimates the big world has taken the quarter of a trillion dollars in profits under the Bushes
Two-thirds of adults in a recent poll said gas prices have caused them financial hardship
I'm gonna do the break and then I'm gonna finish this because I want to... it's not that long
But it just touches everybody's pocket
Reaches in there and just raping you, man
Raping, especially a holiday weekend is coming up from like 85 bucks to fill up your tank
Thanks a lot, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices you book...
Cheers and we're dead blow by blow
Grimes with Jolly Joe
Down in Miami, near the losing stall building
There's a big fat bastard named Jolly Joe
He manages a radio station there
And when he comes to paying bills, Joe don't care
That'd be good for you
Man, not a baby, no, buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
That'd be, that'd be, that'd be good for you
That'd be good for you, but a share of the bulls
That'd be good for you, that'd be good
Joe's picked a point out that these lead greed has a spending freeze
Cracker trees are not the only one who's being left with no choice
But the loot on your desk is a steaming pile of joys
That'd be good for you, man, not a baby, no, buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh
That'd be, that'd be, that'd be good for you, but a share of the bulls
I know you've always seen that these joys on the corner of job and palm metal part grow
Walking through the traffic with their cardboard signs and says
I'ma deadbeat popnumber, can you clear me your dimes?
ишь
here capen
you can wet me j全
they're wrong
you're great
gonna get dirty
Hyun Va Ha Ha Ho!
you're gonna be wet me
I'm not fair purple
I'm not good
You're kidding
Oh
I know
Detety
Jown
Day
ten thirty two at five sixty
there is a lot of blo ones going on
I'll tell you
28 before 11 o'clock in Qon
we go
set under
sub 65
five and we're still alive.
Anyway, getting back to the gas prices.
Boy, it's a good thing I don't have no card
operate here.
I'm telling you that right now.
I think it's like five bucks a gallon here,
or something like that.
Canadian bucks that is.
Yeah, well, I hate to break the news to you,
but that comment I made about thank you
for the great American dollar.
You bastard butcher lunatic murderer, a bush.
Canadian dollar, when I first came up here,
five years ago, it was worth 62 cents against
the West Dollar.
Now it's 92 cents.
Okay.
That's like a 50% drop in the value of my money.
I'm sunny.
How do you like that?
I need to send in, of course,
against all the other currencies to the American dollars,
taking a dive, baby.
And of course the trade is the dollars we flushed down the
toilet in Iraq are a huge part of what's making the American
dollar useless.
It's like junk.
It's like cock-off.
In fact, let me look on here on this BNN,
whatever that stands for.
I have no idea what that is.
Let me just take a look at what the numbers are.
Now I may fall on the flow.
You may hear a big thud.
I don't care about the Dow and the Nasdaq and the TSEq
for quite a lot of the beesleaves around the Nasdaq.
What does that tell you about those companies?
Natural gas, gasoline.
Oh boy, gasoline is up four cents more.
It's bad.
They're not showing all the...
I guess they don't want to get me depressed.
They're not showing all those other numbers they always
put on there.
What do you think they're not doing that?
I don't know.
Because I turned it on right now.
I hope it'll get some information.
That's why they're not doing it.
I'll screw them.
Okay, anyway, getting back to this article here,
which is very, very movie-disturbing.
Public citizen estimates that big world has taken an quarter
of a trillion dollars in profits out of the bushies.
Two thirds of adults in a recent poll set gas prices have caused them
financial hardship.
Earlier this month, gas prices reached an all-time record high,
all-time record high.
Thank you.
Thank you, Mr. President, for all the dead bodies
and all those low-gas prices.
Beading out inflation-adjusted prices from 1981.
When it comes to the energy sector, you have to be deeply
brainwashed to believe the hidden hand of the market is a play.
This is by Joshua Holland, by the way, the smircling chimp.
The lowest prices of the gas pump for the entirety of 2006
hit during the week of the midterm elections.
They had dropped steadily for three months right before election day.
Average gas prices dropped by 50 cents or 17 percent
between the end of August and the end of September.
They started rising again the week after votes were cast.
They've been rising ever since.
Now, just a coincidence, you don't understand that.
Right.
The Saudis and other pro-US players have been at least played a delicate
band balancing game by promising their old-peck friends that they would cut
production but then failing to commit to the cuts and even raising
production slightly instead.
Then in early August, this week's after former Goldman Sachs CEO Henry
Paulson joined the Bush administration of Secretary of Treasury.
The brokerage giant dumped $6 billion in gas futures on the market,
a move that caught traders by surprise.
The economist, Lou Rockwell, explained that what Goldman Sachs did is known as
painting the tape.
Goldman doesn't lose money.
It's a managed commodity index.
Goldman manages the index, but the actual money put up comes from institutions,
heads, funds, other unlucky Sachs.
A trusted Goldman managed to commodity indexes ahead against inflation,
not to be a lot of $6 billion in contracts over a few weeks.
The result of a lucky Sachs major losses.
Goldman zero losses in their manbroding the Treasury.
Which side of this trade would you want to be on?
Big world's been busted for price fixing in the past.
The foundation for taxpayer and consumer rights exposed in
the journal oil company, Memos, that show how the industry intentionally reduced
domestic refining capacity to drive up profits.
The three in-term Memos from mobile share bond and taxiko showed different ways
the world runs, closed down refining capacity, and drove independent refiners out of
business.
Senator Ron Wyden investigated the issue, the issued a damning report.
He said the oil industry and its allies would have the public believe that insufficient
refining capacity, restrictive environmental standards, growing gasoline demand
and olpec-producing cup backs are the primary reasons for the current oil and gas
supply problem, however, but, big fat but.
The record shows supported by documents that I've obtained, he says, the senator,
that major oil companies pursue reference to the retail refining capacity as a strategy
for improving profit margins.
The competing oil companies work together to subvert supply, that refinery closures
inhibited supply, and that oil companies are reaping record profits on your back,
on your ads, folks.
Congress has a chance to treat oil exemptions we could call doing this stuff like the criminals
they are that isn't we can prosecute them, but that's a whole other story.
It'll be a tough fight.
The oil and gas energy gave $19 million to Congress last year, 82% of Republicans
who can be expected to block the bill.
It's time to bring some pressure to bear.
Move on is asking people to sign a petition.
They say the responses have been overwhelming with 150,000 signatures, so far today
would be a very good day to contact your representative.
It says, authored Joshua Holland and alternate staff write.
I'm sure you're going to be contacting your representative today, aren't you?
Not.
150,000 signatures, my butterfly kisses.
Oh, the real thing.
Yeah, touching it.
Isn't that sweet?
Yeah, you touched it.
Touch this.
No.
790, 80 votes almost said 790, that would be bad.
That would be evil if I said that.
And they'd figure out I'm like promoting the other guy.
Oh, you are evil, man.
You are the epitome of El Antiquista.
How did you take care of that thing from me?
Well, actually for yourself, I don't really care if you sent it or not.
I'll take care of it in the morning.
What?
Oh, I lost his email address for some reason.
Well, why can't I fix it to you?
What's wrong with you?
I just think kind of a simpleton?
What do you mean you lost?
Somebody that's accidentally out of debt?
You better understand your priorities are very screwed up.
You know, just one quick email to normal, man.
And you know how fast you can delete your name from that document?
I'm sure.
So you know me, I don't play that game with anybody, but in your case, I'll make an exception.
No problem.
I got a year and a half to dangle that.
Listen, everybody said you got to take care of George, man.
You got to take care of all these.
They're all sweet.
And they are.
And that's the only reason I did it.
I didn't do it because I wanted to.
That was right now.
I'll send them all a card, whoever they might be.
Right.
But I'll probably I'll leave you anyway.
So wouldn't...
What do you believe in me?
What are you going to leave me?
Huh?
My best wishes.
Oh, just like for a burn likeship.
But the reason I have...
Well, thanks a lot.
It ain't nothing.
It won't take long to collect it.
No wall.
700-83 votes on the pool.
How would you react if you found out that your spacer's significant other was gay?
I mean, I don't know.
It's just seen...
No, there are people I guess who could fool you.
I'm sure of that.
Who could put on a good act.
Sure.
Suggest a threesome, 374.
Split up or divorce, 222.
Forgiven, forget, 58.
How sweet.
I still...
I don't know what that means.
Forgiven, forget.
And then what?
You know?
I already know that he or she is gay 56.
Well, I could be your right.
That could be 56 people who are of the same sex that involved with you.
Could be.
Right?
Right.
Well, we don't want those people voting on here.
That screws up all our plans like Tessio, you know?
Turn the tables and have an affair of my own.
Look how many voted for that.
But third, man.
Maim or kill the bastard or bitch 29 and pretend I don't know and let it slide.
Or like a BTO said, let it ride.
14.
And fact, that's probably what it's doing is a lot of riding.
One year ago, we were introduced to a love story that defied all traditions.
I wish I knew how to quit you.
Now, he fled your reprisals his role as NS as he digs objectwist from the grave to reignite their flame.
Hurry, old jerk.
I'm coming for you.
It's a love story that'll never die, even if one of them already has.
I feel like yesterday does a little jack.
Line here to get all of the stars.
Hold my hand, Jack.
What little fingers you have.
It's the long awaited conclusion to this invigorating love story as Jack Twist gets exhumed by NS for personal.
Really, this is...
Custing reasons.
Give me a hug, Jack.
Sorry, I think I snapped a ribcage.
I should broke back Mountain 2.
Necrophiliac bluff.
Because any successful Hollywood movie deserves this sequel.
What do you say, Jack, out of tune by A&S?
I'm sure what he said.
10.46, by the way, keep trying to fact you that thing and it just won't go through because it says busy.
And it's a good thing I did try to do that because you probably aren't getting any facts as him coming are you?
No, but it doesn't say anything weird like that it's stuck or something.
What I would do, I would pick up that the hand said on your facts machine the one that I paid for that very nice facts machine all in one.
And I would see if there's a dial tone on it.
Yes.
There is, okay, then I would hang it up right away and now I hear what's that happening over there?
Beep beep beep.
Oh, is that thing recending now again?
Is my thing recending to your thing?
Oh, yeah, that sounds almost incisive.
There it goes.
I think it's like doing that automatic recend.
You don't say beep beep beep.
It's ringing but it's not doing that.
It doesn't work out.
It doesn't work out.
It doesn't mean email.
You have that address.
I do not have that address.
Georgia to nearranges.com.c.
Oh, well everybody else has got that too.
Why did you say it was like some kind of a secret or whatever?
It's not going to work.
It's not going through what's dialing is our rhythm and ringing.
So there's obviously something screw up there in your line.
As usual, of course, on that end.
The reason I know what's on that end is because you fact me the log or a crisp of this one.
And it came through just fine as DIY man.
No problem.
But I'm trying to find it and it's printing whatever.
I don't know.
It's printing.
You know what it's going to say?
It's going to say there's a malfunction of the junction.
It's printing something?
No, I mean I was able to print with it all day this morning.
I print all kinds of things.
Well, what's printing that to do with not beep beep beep.
Beep beep beep beep beep beep.
That's what it's doing.
I mean, it's screwed up on your end.
So I'll just email you.
It's not like the end of the year.
I mean, the thing that you're going to email is it's amusing and it's lonely.
But it's not like that important.
But we'll do it anyway.
Okay, now here's that sheet of paper coming out of my machine.
Any of you what's going to say?
It's going to say busy line busy.
You know, it's going to go through busy no response.
No response.
Desire.
I'll reset it during the next break.
We said it and forget it.
Like Juan Popeye would say.
Just reset it and forget it.
Ron Popeye.
Thank God we don't see those infomercials on anymore.
Do you?
I don't see them.
No, not the long time.
Now what about Chris?
Do you watch infomercials?
Try not to.
But you've seen them though.
Oh yeah, it hasn't ever been anybody that's never seen Ron Popeye one for that.
What is that oven thing he's peddling?
I don't know.
You know what I'm talking about?
History.
Yeah, that rotisserie, swisserie, whatever that thing is.
That thing was under like every time you turn the TV on, it was on every channel.
And now I don't see that at all.
So maybe he either sold them all out and he retired and went to Maui or something or maybe people just stopped buying them things.
Because I just got sick and tired of seeing that.
A study suggesting that aspirin might prevent some colon cancer tumors.
And Dr. Sanjay Gupta, by the way, this one, he was all over it like Stink on Joyce.
We didn't do the break then with the 40, I'm sure we did.
Yes.
Oh, didn't cross it off.
Well, I get panicky when I'm sitting here and I look and I see an uncrossed outbreak and I think to myself, whoa!
We got to get those spots on, baby.
We got them on.
The Harvard-based study, oh wait a minute, I finished this.
Has resurrected and discussed about the benefit of drugs like viax and celibrex.
Aspirin.
So there must be having a big bear people, must be having a big fundraising thing.
So we're going to start pedaling aspirin again.
Even though of course if you have, it's going to give you like ulcers and you're going to bleed to death, stuff like that.
But the research team led by Dr. Andrew Chan found that regular doses of aspirin reduced the risk of colorectal tumors.
But only in patients who overexpress the gene that caused them to take too much COX2 inhibitor.
The aspirin didn't seem to pack much punch in patients whose COX2 enzyme was weak or absent.
The potential benefit of, well how do you know that?
Whether your COX2 enzyme is weak or absent.
Excuse me.
The potential benefit of aspirin and colin cancer prevention is not a new theory, but the findings are significant for cancer researchers who have been probing the benefits of other painkillers known as COX2 inhibitors and patients with recurring polyps.
Dr. Sanford Markowitz, boy does he sound a little Jewish or what?
Dr. Sanford Markowitz, a colon cancer geneticist at University Hospital's Case Medical Center and Case Western University School of Medicine said the findings today suggest that COX2 inhibitors may still have a place in the prevention of colon cancer.
Now why did God invent colon cancer? That's what I would like to know if he's a loving God.
Let's take a look at what is your rotten center of health.
Huh?
To put it shoot centers.
I'm walking a thin line here because I think in fact that we've thrown the baby out with a bath water said Markowitz who penned the editorial today and who's done groundbreaking research on the COX2 gene.
I would really like to convince the drug companies, scared whittlest by what happened after the celibrex and viox disasters.
We may have a spectacular pathway for the development of new drugs, spectacular.
The arthritis drugs named viox celibrex and bextra were designed to reduce pain and inflammation without causing the bleeding ulcers associated with repeated aspirin use without causing the bleeding in ulcers.
Did I just mention that on my own moments ago? Yes I did.
Viox maker, a mercant company pulled a blockbuster drug off the market in 2004 after a large clinical trial designed to evaluate whether the drug could prevent the recurrence of colorectal polyps also infound increased risk of heart attack and stroke.
So if you're suicidal now what's the one that the diabetes drug they just pulled off? I don't know.
The one that begins with an A. What is it A? I forget what it is.
I always talked about it the other day and it's been all over the news and it's going to kill you.
I can give you a heart attack and all this other stuff. Just keep popping a lot of pills just like an end of the cold and the kid and you'll be dead pretty soon.
Pop a lot of pills. Not.
So I'm wondering should I go in there during the break and take an aspirin? Yes.
Or just sit on the stove. Sit on the aspirin.
850 votes on the fold. You better check your fax machine there because you're not going to plug it back in. I can't do it from here. I have to walk around.
Why you can do it? I don't need you sitting right there right now.
Don't you think I can handle it for a couple of minutes without you sitting right there? Like you're going to say something revolutionary.
Leave the mic on. Yeah leave the mic on. I wonder why that's what I always do.
Like when I go out to the refrigerator and make that knock-horse just did it. It was really crappy by the way.
Knock-horse to me is like, I don't know. It's like the show. It's tasteless. Like the show used to be before Joyce banned all the tasteless stuff.
And we had to sit here and pretend that we're really entertaining everybody. But we are.
We're still doing it in the same, you know, a little bit different style. And the techs keep showing up in the same good old style. They keep clearing the bank. That's all I care about.
Georgia near Rogers.com is that what you said? Yes!
How would you react if you found out that you're just what? I'm back.
I was like, we plug it in out. I'm not going to try it. Well maybe I will try it again.
I would just wait till the breaker white till it resets and does it.
There's no emergency on this approach. I'm not like it's going to change anybody's life.
Okay, I just found it very amusing. And you went through a whole bunch of stuff, said it to me didn't you?
Oh, it was nightmarish. So there you go. But it's amusing. And I think we'll play the audio on the ear on our last show.
How would you react if you found out that your spouse or significant other was gay?
I'd suggest a threesome 391. It's all the guys out there who want a lesbian and are hoping that the a third that the other woman is like really young and hot and luscious and got big boobies and just, you know, all of those things. Am I right? You bet.
Split up or divorce 226. Forgiven forget 61.
That is, you know, Charlie, you said it's a lot of really good polls. This isn't one of them. No, actually the poll is fine.
It's just that the choices suck. Forgiven forget 61. I already know that he or she is gay 56. And of course you're looking at that one way.
I mean, it's very possible that some of those could be like gay couples, but it's also possible. You know, they know and they just get along. Maybe we're hearing from a lot of beards today, you know, like that chick, the Charlie, Charlie Chris girlfriend.
What were you telling me about her yesterday? That she's not bad. She's got fake boobs. She's got big boobs. She ain't bad. Unless you got another boob there now. She's got your gay governor. They are big, but I said fake.
Oh, oh, fake boobs. Yes. He probably does too. Name or kill the bastard of bitch 30. Turn the tables. Having a hair of my own 30. Turn the tables and pretend I don't know and let it slide 50. I want to hear that again.
Buck, but not right now. I just like that. And you know something you don't hear very much. That's right. That's why I like that.
Is that my iPod? Yes. Is it? Yes. How do you know that? Oh, because everything that you got in that collection is in my for the most part of it. It was a hit. You got it. Wow.
What do you mean if it was a hit? I got it. It was a charted hit like at least the top five that it's in there between 1960 and 2000. Ish. You got them all all get out of here. Now what's surprising is sometimes you look for something you were sure. I went to Hill, but they have my thanks.
I would you know what got that in there? Something is a were not hits, but you think they were because they were maybe locally popular or something. Yeah. So you'll run into things like that.
Or like like a stairway to heaven. Right. Exactly. Very famous songs that weren't charted famous song without a hit. It wasn't a single ever. Wasn't I'm sure. Well, I don't think so. But every time we do that pull about your favorite song or the best song.
I don't know. In fact, we have to do that again soon. Sure. That killed some really good. Very way to have it. It's a buddy by Pink Floyd. It's just what is well just put those money. I don't like that at all. I don't like Pink Floyd. I guess that's the reason why if I like Pink Floyd, I probably like money. I like money by Barrett Strong. I bet you got that.
Now that's a song money by Barrett Strong. And of course the Beatles ripped it off. And who else did that? A lot of people recorded that. A lot of money. That's what I want money. There you go. Oh, I love that. This has been re-made a lot. Beatles,
and I want to follow songs. Lots of it, baby. Bring it in, chest. Oh, I love that. You just love that? That's great. It's the same thing that by the flying lizard. Yeah, I love the flying lizard version.
Oh, yeah. That's a fucking thing. That a banjo or what is that? A campaign. The best things in life are free. But you can give them to the beds and bees of money.
Oh, I got it handed to you. And you're probably handed right back. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions?
I hope the tree goes through your house.
Rack them. In your white lobe-pastin. That's when let's hang on. Girl, you know, on-verse young homeless shows with all those white racker media moves.
Oh, no, can't help you now. I said, bring no one's you down. And through your playing, make it all free. You broke it, turn. We're gonna take the pinky-meeky on your brain.
And all this composting, all the new energy. Keep the casket through a white open-footed garbage sun. So you both very face to face.
It's a love of no two. I emailed you that because your fax machine is still busy. It's still inoperative for some reason on the incoming ass end.
I don't know what the deal is there, but then again, we never know what the deal is there. Do we? No, we don't. It always seems to be like a malfunction at the junction of Q&A.
And it's just, yeah, we've come to a second. We don't get all excited about it or all exasperated. It just keeps the money coming. That's why I wanted to play that song by flying lizards and bear it strong. And maybe you even got to buy the beetles, you think? I don't like the beetles one.
Don't you? I don't even know. Now, see, this isn't that. I don't. Even in Australia, I'm doing some of the unit sucks. I don't even look.
White lizard version of candy. But yeah, it was fun. Almost as fun as it's sitting on Joyce's lap and doing the lap.
Yeah, not good. See, they shouldn't do covers. They don't need the camera. Let it go. Let it go.
Oh, not good. No, I agree. See, you know, we consider it a real solvous song. You want to play Elvis songs and see what he really sucked in and, you know, and quite frankly.
But, and don't give me wrong. I'm a beetles fan. I love a lot of their stuff, but a lot of it's crap. And that's one of it.
And they made a lot of stuff. So the law of average is, you know, I mean, like the early beetles, you were giving me that son of an aunt's about the early beetles was good. I think or somebody was. Yeah, no, I was.
Oh, it's a lot of things relative to what was going on at the time. And I know you like that stuff, but I didn't. Please, please me compared to everything else that was going on at the time.
And they were way better. All that. All that boom stuff and the bebop blue bottom. The early 60s was the big boys and the British invasion of the rest of the right.
The British and Beatles followed them exactly. They've carved five the animals up until the Beatles. It was a lot of searching. I'm like the first years going on. Some of the Beatles stuff from the early 60s. They're using blue and early 60s. It blows. It blows. It's like choice. It blows. It blows. It blows.
Oh, come on. You can love it. Love it. That way looking for it over and over again. Well, go ahead.
And what about I want to hold your claim? I mean, what kind of a song is that? Well, this is just nauseating. It's great.
Oh, you're one of the one who's so pretty. He likes all that out of the crap. I like all of it. I love it. It's cool that we're showing on people with the Beatles.
Like why? Like, you're kind of the best sound on a school. Those are fighting words, Mr. Let me tell you about that.
I'm going to find one of that. You got some freaking. That boon stuff. I go over here to the folder that has everything by the day.
What about what's his name since I met you? Maybe who did that? I read your hunter boy. That was a medley of his match. He was good. If you got that, if you got that man, then I'll respect you. Maybe.
Joe Hunter. I've read Joe Hunter. That was his name since I met you. There was an Atlantic records. I do believe I bet your chicken. I remember that. That's a good tune, man.
No, I don't have it. We'll play it all during June. You don't have it. I don't have it. I'll find it though. You can find it though. You can like pirate it or something like that. You're pretty good at that.
Yeah, I remember that. No, that great. How about over the mountain by Johnny and Joe over the mountain? And you're telling me that that was bad stuff. And you had Brenda Lee. You had Elvis.
I can't take Brenda. I'm going to go down the mountain. Sorry. I'm not sorry. These are the Henry man. What's wrong with Henry man? I mean, I'm not the point, but it was not rock and roll. Who said it was?
What was the music? The crystals. Dickie Lee, which we can't say. You're not going to crystals. That's a bell specter group, Mr. He's going to take care of your ass.
I'm going to let her watch herself. You're not going to get fit me now. You've gone too far. I'll write all this crap that you can do with. I'll be right. I'll pick your him. Nick. There's the run. There was a magazine.
He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He
He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He
made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made
He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He
made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He made it. He didn't scare me.
I mean December 6th and back.
See, I remember your birthday too.
Thank you, you're sweet.
And if you think you're getting to check on your birthday
in addition to all the other benefits you've
getting from me this year, you're right.
My birthday is December 29th.
You know what I said?
You know what you're hurting.
My best wishes.
Happy birthday to Chris.
That's what you're getting to see the next year.
No, it's not that I don't like you.
I just can't, you know, I support the people
and take care of the people that I'm crazy about.
And George can't wait to get on the list.
One more car payment, baby.
Well, what is that?
You've got to come on here and announce to the world
that I'm subsidizing your car.
Everybody knows it because it got stuck in the middle.
A long time ago.
You know how that Chris auto probably know in the audience
to whatever we got left.
This is only because of the fact
they got snookered and we used to have with Kindle
Toyota and I would do you.
We had a trade deal where I got a car as part of the talent fee.
They'd flood me while I didn't need the car.
When they had like 80s of it.
Back in those days, I had two vets.
I don't know what that is.
Why do I always have two Corvettes?
Because I'd be like it.
But I always do have the spare car.
And I had Ferraris back in there, remember that?
Sure.
When I went through that whole car thing
or wrote you around there.
Midlife crisis?
Yeah.
It wasn't a midlife crisis.
It was just a car crisis.
I don't know.
Ferraris and I had that tea bird and I started with the vets.
And so I didn't need any extra car.
So I gave it to George.
And then once that deal ended, all here comes
an Amphirotest again.
Christ.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
They were ever real fire out of their bully.
But anyway.
And so anyway, you had that car.
And that was the deal, as far as because I was, you know,
what?
Yeah.
George needed a car.
And he was making peanuts like he is now.
And so I made a deal and I made your, how did that happen?
You said when the deal ended, we would go and pick one up.
And pick one up.
A car.
And I pay for it.
You paid for it.
I got news for him.
And there are banks.
There are finance companies that aren't paying as many car
payments as I am.
I'm sure.
And I can't tell you that right now.
And I'm not complaining.
I don't mind.
I can handle it.
Well, thank you.
I appreciate it.
But I, you know, it doesn't make me feel good that you make my car
payments.
Why not?
I'm glad that it's over.
Because I don't like taking money from you.
I'd rather take a company.
Sure you do.
No, I don't.
I would be like, chicken next thing.
You don't like taking money from me.
Well, throw it with that.
We take the money because the company won't pay us any.
It'd be much faster.
That's why I feel the spirit of Christ compels me to take care
of my people.
OK.
I feel like I believe in that.
No, actually, you snuckered me into that thing.
I think one of your, one of the cars was like ending.
And I was on vacation one time.
And I came back and found that George, he swaped it in for another one.
Wasn't that true?
Well, the lease was ending.
So I was going to lose the car.
You understand?
You started up a lease for me, which was very nice.
But it was ending.
I was going to have to turn the car in.
So I would have been sans car.
So yeah, I started up another one.
But this time not as a lease, as a car.
It's just like talking behind my back.
It's so, you know, there was that alarm stuff.
And why did they keep doing this?
We're not going to have any fire.
This building is as solid as the Rock and J. Brawder.
Stop of the alarms already for crying out loud.
Cut it out, eh?
Jesus, God Almighty, these crazy Canadians.
We got 855 votes on the pool.
We got 1,000, easy here today.
I think we're doing just fine.
I know what I think we're doing is fine as wine.
All this panic and hysteria.
Just next time Fat Joe Bell comes into that door, just say, go away.
OK, don't go away, mad.
Just go away in the state of our favor.
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys
now.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
Swinging, trade to trade.
We scream, that's one and shout.
No, it's fun, that's a ballad, that's one where all I'm proud.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
I don't do anything, we're told that cause we don't know how.
Don't brush our teeth, don't come our hair, we don't even wear clothes.
We lost on make you crazy with our private bunch of balls.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We're done well, maddered, well, we've easily just love to drop clothes.
Well, don't run, run, run, run, make you laugh until we were bad.
Then we'll lay down scratch our butt, said watch you, I'll turn red.
I don't want to hear a monkey, she's a monkey, she's a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We wouldn't want to be a dog that cat or horse or cow.
We're smelly and we like it and we've heard the things you said.
Don't dump them with thin feet and buns, so I will let's on your head.
Oh, I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
I'm a monkey, you're a monkey, you're a monkey, where all monkeys now.
We're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here.
Oh, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here, we're here.
Oh, I think it's been a month, you've been taking care of that piece of business for a minute.
Thank you.
I'll do it now and 800 and max machine might be working too.
Well, whatever, I'm not going to fax it to you again, we need to use the machine.
No, not for you, for the audience, anybody that might be trying to fax it, that they'll
literally be with 400 pulls and then you send me some pulls this morning where those from my prior.
No, those are this morning and he emailed them, I put them in the night, send them to you.
Oh, I see, so they weren't, they didn't come from the fax machine correct.
Well, good old Charlie, that's the thing, you know.
Wave the chicken over.
So what do you tell me the next month is your last car payment and then what it's going to be paid off?
Yes.
Well, that's all.
By the way, with all due respect, you know, because I told you I said the lease is coming to an end and he said,
well, and you said, well, you know, get another one, turn it over and get, you know, that's what you said,
but way before the event actually took place when we were talking about it.
Are you talking about previous previously?
Not now.
It's a lease that's coming to it.
Not now, you're in the car, no, no.
Oh, don't get another one now.
That's why I didn't start up.
Because if you get another one now, you're paying it.
Right.
That's why I started right under the ear so the audience can be with it.
And I wanted to continue.
I mean, my generosity does have an influence in your case, you know what I'm saying?
I know.
But then why did, what do I care?
You understand?
Once you get a couple of cars.
That's why I didn't get another lease the second time.
Why is that?
So that it would come to an end.
I don't really think the audience cares about this.
I think that this is the right-wing, this is the whole financial thing.
You want me to list all the vehicles that I'm paying for right now?
My God, thank you.
You don't even have enough time.
It's already 11.19.
I don't have time between now and two o'clock to give a list of that.
Anyway, here's a list on the pool.
872 votes.
We're pretty pleased about that.
There's, I don't know what the big problem is.
Just because Jolly Joe is a crazy person, we really knew that going in.
Everybody's all whipped up.
Just because, you know, Don I'm a Scott can, which has absolutely nothing to do with this.
Eight-hope.
Parts sounds anymore.
I don't know who that is.
And in order to have to do with the FCC or any of your anything.
Of course.
And you know what, he's going to win that lawsuit and CBS is going to be bleeding more money.
The CBS eye is going to be bloodshot and tear, tears are going to be welling up.
Just like when they put that Katie Kirk bitch on here.
Oh man, Alison Wonderland never cried like the CBS eye.
872 votes.
How would you react if you found out that your sponsor, Significant Other, was gay?
And it starts out by saying the wife of actor, Jersey Governor Jim McGrievey,
admits he never knew he was gay.
Well, maybe he was a good actor, okay?
And maybe he, see, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't get it.
I mean, wouldn't you think that she'd have some ideas for someone in bed?
He could have loved it.
Love it.
Love it.
Loined, you know.
Like that sexual or something.
You think I played that in the chat?
Ted Eddie suggests a three-some-four-sixteen, especially if the third party is a
luscious, uh, sensational, whatever it is you want to be.
Split up or divorce 247.
Forgiven, forget 65.
I don't know if I find that amusing, but it's just, you know, I guess I'm easily amused, you know.
65, forgive and forget.
I already know that he or she is gay 60, and George says those are all gay couples.
Right.
Like Mark Potter.
Turn the tables and have an affair of my own 36.
Name or kill the master to bitch 32, or like Carl Rolf, for example.
I wonder if he's got a boyfriend.
Maybe gay or goover left some notes behind.
I'm pretend I don't know and let it slide 16.
Let it slide, so to speak.
Now that was interesting.
I just had an incoming message there on my thing and it didn't, uh, nothing happened.
That was bizarre.
One of the strangest things I ever saw in my life.
I might think I think buzzed and I said little arrows go and nothing happened.
Don't tell me that thing is going to be malfunctioning now too.
Seems to be an awful lot of malfunction at the junction, you know what?
875 on the polls what we got.
And here's some bad news for Dave County.
And for Renoxas Dave County, why do I say that?
See that's being out of touch again.
Fidel Castro has been covering from intestinal surgery 10 months ago,
was delayed because the first of several operations he had went badly.
The Communist leader said the statement that gave the most detail the
account of his health since August.
Everybody's ready for another parade in the streets, another party, and guess what?
Uh-uh.
Premature evaluation, baby, not good.
Castro 80 said on the statement yesterday that he's now eating solid food,
improving after many months of intravenous feeding.
It was the most information released about his condition since his
August 13th birthday when he asked Cubans to be optimistic but not rule out possible adverse news.
Like I'm dying over here.
Although I don't think, yeah, in his case, it's almost worth finding the other one.
If I can find it.
That's the one with the unlucky.
Yeah.
Isn't that more like what he would say?
Like that.
It wasn't just one operation but various Castro wrote in the statement that the government
sent to an international media by email.
Initially it was not successful and that had a very unimprolonged recuperation he said.
He was recouping and now he's pooping or something like that.
Expected to be published in state newspapers and run on radio and television broadcast today,
the statement didn't say when Castro might appear in public again and resume the presidency.
Oh boy.
Today I receive orally everything I recuperate.
Just keep on going.
Just wooing.
I'm sure that I know what most of South Florida would like to give him orally and also
mainly but that's beside the point.
Today I receive orally everything my recuperation requires the con blessing leader wrote.
Castro stunned Cuba in the world on July 31 when he was announced it was announced the
undergone intestinal surgery for intestinal bleeding was temporarily seeding power to a 75-year-old
brother.
Gay.
Raul the defense minister.
He hasn't been seen in public since in his condition and exact ailment have been state
secrets though.
Top of there's your president by the way.
People.
Attack this before we interact.
Right.
There you go.
Well what is this man talking and saying to did they just got to get the butterfly net.
You know we need a lot of butterfly nets.
Top officials and assistant Castro is recuperating steadily.
He's widely believed to suffer from diverticular disease.
A condition that forms sacks and the intestine that can be come inflamed and bleed.
Sacks and the intestine.
He's a sac all right.
Un saco.
A January story in the Spanish newspaper L. Pais described Castro as being in very grave
condition after at least three failed operations for diverticular disease the Cuban government
denied it of course.
I tell everyone simply I'm getting better maintain a stable weight of about 176 pounds 80 kilos
Castro said yesterday and in that the greatest risk in our age and the effects of not taking
proper care of ourselves over the years probably those big fat gut wrenching stokey see which
mokin on was probably a new melodic idea that.
As he recovers in an undisclosed location Castro has been seen wearing a tracksuit and photographs
and videos released occasionally by state media he looked gone in the early images but appeared
more robust and more recent pictures.
I don't have time now for films and photos that require me to constantly cut my hair
beard and mustache and get spruce stuff or be that he said evidently before into the preparation
required for some of the official images.
Life on the island has changed little since Castro stepped aside many Cubans no longer worry that
their maximum leader is a death store maximum leader how do you like that what does that mean
I don't know.
Is it dictator?
Sure whatever.
His comments on his health came into the speaking addicted.
Traeus felt like that.
His comments on his health came in the second half of a statement about food production with the
11th written communication by Castro in recent weeks most of them lashing out of U.S.
back plans to use food crops to produce biofuels.
For now I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing reflecting and writing about questions
that I judge of certain importance and transcendence latest ones said I have a lot more material
to go and so do I thank God because we got another two and a half hours here but I would be
bad if I didn't have a lot more material you know it because that phone is in the the phone
thing is in the off position loyalists were sorely disappointed made one one Castro didn't make
his traditional appearance of Cubans annual workers parade.
Till weeks after he first fell out Cubans received a sober greeting from Castro saying he faced
a long recovery from surgery the long and winding row I don't like that either.
Is that the Beatles song I hate to affirm that the recovery period will take a short time that
there's no risk will be absolutely incorrect the statement said.
Absolutely incorrect.
And an apparent reference to those earlier words Castro said me as to the statement that my
compatriots don't like having me explain more than one occasion that the recovery is not free
of risks whatever that means.
There are a bunch of whooses I think is what he's trying to say.
But he's still alive the son of a bettest that's why works because God works in mysterious ways.
Although Jerry Falwell was an exception he only made it to 71.
Was he 71?
Whatever was it for long.
Whatever was he was around two days long.
Hate mongering piece of turd and of course all those little old ladies out there to keep going
in their purse and setting one of these fakers and shakers and quakers and trouble makers it's sad.
But that's who they have handed you know they got that number on the bottom of the screen.
In fact Bush ought to have a big number on the bottom of the screen too.
For all that money he's raping from you for the price of gas and the trade in the dollars
were flushed down the toilet killing all them people and sacrificing American kids in Iraq it's
pathetic and he stands in the last couple months.
This is this queen.
We have heard disturbing evidence about senior officials of the Justice Department misleading.
What a screamer.
We heard disturbing evidence yesterday that a senior official of Justice Department
took improperly took by her own admission political considerations into effect
in evaluating career employees of the Justice Department.
We've also had evidence from the former deputy attorney general of the White House
strong arming a sick man into trying to approve an illegal spying program.
I'm curious Mr. President if you are concerned about the stimulus being drawn about your Justice Department.
Why is he just saying you're talking about the way you can be the American people that you are
preparing for justice to the American people?
Thank you Michael.
Michael.
There is a...
That was a lady man.
An internal investigation taking place.
See here we go but I'll be put it open up.
You know he's going to give the same use.
What about next week's schedule?
Come on.
A light clear.
That's what you get for eating peanuts and drinking Billy beer.
A bomb slide.
A bomb slide.
Smoke and drink us we're all gonna die.
Shed it here for peace because we all are gonna die.
Where you're dumb enough to think one day we'd all become allies.
There's that mushroom cloud that condom bleases always talking about at bitch.
That's a sampy-headed bitch.
It's sort of...
27-millons here I said sampy-headed.
I see.
You hear what I said?
Yeah not.
Yeah he hit it.
We don't want to do that down I'm a sting you know because that violated CBS's sponsor's
sensibilities.
What's going on CBS?
Wow they're making a comeback maybe a little one of course with Katie Kurek on there
anything would be a comeback.
Thursday morning,
meaning this morning CBS news is early show criticized Bush's latest
justification for the Iraq war as being the first line of defense against
Al Qaeda radical ideological by citing an upcoming Senate intelligence committee report
which states that the administration was warned before the invasion
that a US presence in Iraq would actually increase terrorist influence.
The headline in this story is Bush created save haven for terrorism with invasion of Iraq.
Absolutely correct.
Absolutely correct.
Sure.
Amalist Paul Kurtz expanded on this criticism saying
prior to our invasion of Iraq the Iraq war is not a fertile ground for terrorist activity.
You know I mean is it take a rocket scientist to know these things?
I mean these are like basic like one and one equals what a homover much it is you know.
Prior to our invasion of Iraq it was not a fertile ground but that now we have a save
haven in Iraq for terrorists.
The administration says Kurtz is trying to have it both ways.
When asked directly is the West one in the war on terror Kurtz immediately responded
without a doubt no and added that our continued engagement in Iraq is
spawning more terrorist activity as if there's any doubt.
You know again this is like the sunny shining it's hot.
It's like that.
922 votes in the pool by the way Chris is really pleased about this.
Most what?
Thousand a day in your in like calling.
Yeah you got me started again with the standing in the shadows of Motown.
I must see for anybody with any musical pace for anybody with an actual larger than their thumbnail
or larger than their um oh I don't know left stroke.
Or even a right stroke.
You know before but maybe two or one times you know I love you more.
Another else ever before you hear what he said he said I love you more.
Do do do do.
No.
Why do somebody had to?
902 on our award winning pool here on QAIM as we as the beat goes on.
His his his organization.
This is America's president and you wonder why I'm always screaming about about
about like that being America's middle name.
Wow it is scary.
Speaking of scary people the herald story about your gay governor has a picture of him.
You know that I'm a my guy who ever that reporter was that screaming queen that mincing
screamer that was just asking your president that embarrassing question.
And didn't get an answer.
He was butch compared to the picture in the herald of your governor it is the gay escape.
Picture of Charlie Limpris the Chris that I've ever seen in my life.
He looks like he's been a float away.
He looks heavenly.
Like cancer the ghost.
Governor Charlie Limpris Chris gay has just asked a record $459 million from next year's
state budget shaving legislators home cons spending projects throughout the state
while touting his physically conservative boner fides.
We must live within our means just like the people of Florida must live within their
as Chris said noting the crushing effects of property insurance property taxes and gas prices
she said.
If we're asking local governments to tighten their belts then we can do no less
as Chris said still she called the budget which is now 71.5 billion dollars responsible
and physically sound.
And if there's a little shortfall George will take care of it now that we don't have to
worry about that car payment.
So the car is paid for is that the deal?
We'll be.
How old is it?
2000.
All right seven years old nobody drives the car for seven years unless maybe a
schlepper why didn't you trade it in?
And then what continue the payments?
Sure.
All right I never said uh huh.
All right.
All right what?
I'll trade it in.
Well what more kind of condition is it in?
Okay.
I don't know if start making up stories like it's falling apart and the radiators like
leaking it come on all right.
Don't start making up stories.
We'll take enough answers.
Give us the emis.
It's falling apart.
Is it?
Yeah.
Put a lot of it.
$100 into it.
Get another one.
Trade it in.
Seriously?
Can you trade that that's the La Mante in for without putting out a down payment because
I'm not giving you no down payment.
No no I could get it in for a decent down payment.
Well there you go.
Good.
Are you serious?
Yeah go ahead.
Listen you don't need even have to ask for he's doing this on the air he couldn't ask me this.
See this is so great.
I didn't ask can I don't want to ask.
Well I offered to thank you if I knew that it was that
I think I was falling apart don't you think I want you driving some kind of a decent piece of
cramps that you show up there every day for Christ's sake.
I'm gonna turn the mic off so I can cry.
What?
Oh stop.
Yeah it's something I can't handle this anymore.
You're car payment if that was my biggest uh
nothing I had to crack every month.
I'd love to get something that wasn't a gas present beast for one thing.
Oh god this is so bad.
But despite all the cries to cut local government property tax on the budget Chris sign
can we at least get through a little bit of this?
I'm not going to read the whole thing it's very got too many numbers in it.
The budget Chris sign also has a property tax increase of $545 million statewide to pay for schools.
Also includes the sales tax cut for hurricane supply shopping.
Oh that's good.
Let's go out now and get our vis queen.
Well they got to pass the bill first.
914 goes 914.
First it's going to be 420 and that's going to be 914.
What is 914 is that quailudes?
I don't know that's not about right.
Is it?
I know it'll think of it but we're had a quailude.
Not for like a charity either because I don't do drugs.
But I know I know I know this.
What?
You want to loosen somebody up pretty good man without all those date rape drugs and all
other stuff that work and I get this baby.
Loads if you want somebody to get really lured.
Loads are the way to do it.
I'm certainly not if you want a different attitude.
Where can I get my dog malued?
I could tell you a story but certainly not in the air but wow brings back some incredible memories
from years ago.
Many years ago I sure can't tell that story on air.
In fact I can't tell most of those stories on air because then we really get
joy.
Then we'd be really in a jackpot crackpot.
So I would think that the next few days you have to go out and trade that buggy in.
I'm going to song those payments.
I'm going to I want to go on record because I know some people that have a habit of
giving me one number and then all of a sudden it's like yeah.
Oh it's going to be 400 a month no problem and if I lost 14 I'm going to be left
the one off.
Credits rating is better than when I first got this thing.
So I have no what?
My credit rating is much better than when I first got this thing so I have no doubt it will go down.
Well good that's good it'll go down.
Yeah in history.
I see.
Well see it's a good thing this conversation came up on here.
Maybe we should do all of these things on here.
Why not?
What else are we going to talk about?
And then I'll let that story be.
We can't play anything entertaining.
You're funny anymore so yeah.
But as we'll do bookkeeping.
There you go.
Listen to me he's just stand behind Steve.
Well I can only play that much of that.
Well yeah I'm just going to play a little tiny bits of stuff that we used to be able to play.
I know.
Those were the days comes to those were the days weren't that long ago as a matter of fact how about this?
Oh yeah.
You can't play that no for sure.
I'm not really sure what that I never noticed that little sound there in the beginning.
That's great that's just a scratch.
Oh he's scratching it that's right.
He's one him hip hop DJ's man he'd be scratching it.
Okay.
916 on the pole we'll have 1000 pretty damn soon you know what?
So the choice was his to make oh god it's just I sit here and I watch him in my blood just boils
but the blood just feels out of my ears.
What's packing?
Do you have what it takes to be a Neal's will?
If you do you will.
Sport whole radio 560 WQL invite you to listen and win.
With the 560 QAM Neal's will contest simply cut and paste someone else's profile and pick to my space
or in 50 words or less right why you should be a Neal's will on the map of the postcard
and send it to WQAM studios in the McAllister hotel.
Then when you hear this sound that's your chance to win Harris Millions for
half-event millions of dollars.
It's a dollar.
It's a dollar.
It's a dollar.
It's a dollar.
Open testants must be male no younger than 18 no older than 25 must be shaman and smooth.
Judges reserved the right to eliminate contestants faced on the radio
quiz similarity rate and scale of 1 to 10 runners level receiving on a
breath through flip of Neal's will suitable for training.
Any duplicates of Neal's will found under your windshield wiper in the parking lot will be
pointed by law.
All prizes will be awarded by my clanthony and the grand prize winners are
estimated for it in a period of time until the other size to die.
Holy rat man it's almost 80 it's 81 degrees here already and so only 1146.
It's going to be almost 90 years of age.
It's 4780 it is a scorcher baby it's beautiful the sun is shining.
It's a little smoggy I can see that.
I can't go on your balcony and get some sun.
Okay see ya.
95 on the pool will be very close by 1230 we'll have a thousand votes on.
Yeah this is not the most exciting pool in the world especially the way it's
awarded pretty weak wording on there Charlie but thank you very much for the
polls keep them coming.
See I don't I don't understand why we had to go through that thing.
Why you didn't ask me it goes to show you how little confidence you have in
me it's not that I don't want to ask you.
Why not make me feel good that you make my car payment.
I appreciate it.
I need it.
If it makes you feel good the one I asked for it.
It's out it makes me feel good I'll say hey don't stop now you know.
It makes me feel good to take charity.
To take charity what kind of a deal is that to take charity it's it's it's
part of your well you know it's part of what they I do to compensate you you know
they don't look just like with chicken neck okay they pay in a squat and they
only pay him when they feel like it anyway I hope you got his check by the way
from you it yeah you know he got it yeah how are you kidding me.
Well why don't you pause there for Christ's sake so he says that's all I need is to
buy that oh I lost it you know.
Cooking on a flimball yeah I lost it I spent it.
Did I ever tell the story on the earth I've ever tell you the story about my friend
John Sobel from Detroit not that I know.
Very strange guy oh and here's a shong with another pool I like that who's the
worst bigot he doesn't have my name on here but add me on there too shot.
Oh the older I get I just know now you get sent that clip along by the way
didn't it.
Well we're we're having some issues but yes it will be resolved.
What do you mean by that.
The same problem that was having sending it to you I'm having problems
sending it to other people but Eric is fixing it because it's on his end.
Oh my god okay well maybe it doesn't like that way it comes through.
I can say I'm not a brother boy all of the
this and the brother boy all of the dead.
So I said yeah sure.
Also Sean says don't badmouth Chi Chi he's a true bad ass he was shot and run over by
a packer and still recovered well enough to wag his tongue on the witness stand.
Right yeah.
That's how we had a lot of buffers.
Oh Chi yeah we had a family had a lot of buffers.
That's not a bad pile or a pole for the pile.
So what are you saying the thing didn't go through it nobody has seen it yet?
No we're fixing it now.
Oh boy like I said forget about that car.
Hey sir.
I don't understand why you wouldn't just blur it out.
We sit here every morning between like 8 30 at the latest in 10 o'clock and
BS back and forth.
What hour and a half.
Hey at any point you could decide to be another car would you.
I'm not like that.
And that sounds good.
Yeah like that.
Yeah sounds embarrassing.
Hey Papa I need another car this one's getting old.
Oh Papa and then you feel like you put a little
a few exo exos at the end of it too.
Papa my ass.
You got his it.
As a matter of fact now he mentioned a couple little boils I think.
I think one of them is Milton Boyle.
Yeah you don't have to start laughing at start and I just because I'm going to want to continue
your carping.
Yeah that's why yeah.
It's your better not to be too much I'll tell you that.
What are you laughing about?
Nothing.
Chris made another funny face.
How unusual that is.
You know that song put on a funny face when you were sitting in the morning every day he does.
Well that's that's oh my god.
Me too.
926 on the pole.
And I'll read it again one of these times.
I don't know what you're like all whipped up about it just so just a small amount.
Thought of an old.
How much is your car payment?
I mean Chris does want to talk about how much she's making.
I can't blame him.
446 right now.
446.
You know how long it takes me to be see just now just as I had the question I made 446.
Three seconds yeah.
That's it.
Gay name remained banned for life from donating blood the government said yesterday
leaving in place for now a 1983 prohibition meant to prevent the spread of HIV through transfusions.
The FDA reiterated its longstanding policy on its website yesterday more than a year after
the Red Cross and two other blood groups criticized the policy as medically and scientifically
unwarranted but of course the FDA wants to continue the bigotry of the Bush administration
and that's a really good way to do it.
Continue the stereotype.
Oh he's gay he must be you know.
I'm disappointed I must confess that Dr. Celso Bianco executive vice president of America's
blood centers whose members provide nearly half the nation's blood supply.
Before giving blood all men are asked to say they've had sex even once with another man
since 1977.
I would have to say let me think about it.
Yeah I guess those who say they have are permanently banned from donating.
Well you can't have my blood anyway how do you like that?
Naa naa naa naa you can't have it.
And who I would want it.
That's gay.
The FDA said there was an increased risk of HIV infection that can be transmitted
while this biobub trans fusion.
In March 2006 the Red Cross International Blood Association AABB and America's blood centers
proposed replacing the lifetime ban with a one year deferral following male to male sexual contact.
New and improved test which carry a Kendi Tech HIV positive donors within just 10 to 21 days
of infection make the lifetime ban unnecessary the blood groups told the FDA.
And the document posted yesterday the FDA said it would change its policy if given data that show
that doing so would not pose a significant and preventable risk to blood recipients.
It's a way of saying whatever was presented to us was not sufficient to make us change our minds
Bianco said.
The FDA said HIV tests currently are in use are highly accurate but still can not detect the virus
100% of the time. The estimated HIV risk from a unit of blood is currently about one per two
million in the USA one per two million.
Critics and the exclusionary policy said it bars potential healthy donors despite the
increasing need for donated blood and discriminates against gaze how unusual that would be in the USA.
The FDA recognized the policy of the first many healthy donors but rejected the suggestion
it's discriminatory anyone who's used intravenous drugs or been paid for sex is also permanently
barred from donating blood. What has been being paid for sex have it with donating blood.
I don't know.
Well I don't understand the connection.
Maybe they figured that they're more diseased or something.
All me in America baby.
I don't even want to go into it too deeply and most of them for the Olympus noodle syndrome too.
My god and we got us into those here on the station.
There must be a lot of limp guys with limp noodles out there I'll say to that.
Once upon a time in America was not a limp in there two noodles right.
It's a great movie if you ever have like a whole weekend to watch where we watch once upon a time in
America. Watch it in the loved segments. Nobody ever talks about that movie.
I don't know why it's classic freaking long and that's what they made a short version of it and of course
they do that. You got a short version like it's still long right.
But it's a great movie and the Robert De Niro is great and James Woods is it's pop
all over the place and they pop out of the back of that garbage truck in the end.
I don't want any he's dead. Well we never really show that.
You just assume that. Yeah I like I like that that you assume that.
Sure and then like the director who that was the director of that.
Oh I forget. I look at the rumor was that he claimed it was all just the whole movie was just an
opium trip. Yeah yeah remember remember he was in the opium portal there with the Chinese.
I hate to say shinks. You gotta be very careful these days you don't want to be saying shinks.
Now let me see if this is going to work this time.
Oh yeah it did work it's something I don't want.
Well you know me I get really panicky if this thing goes on the fritz because like
Edmick Mann might email me oh you just won 10 million dollars by the way the lot of somebody
won 25 million dollars last night here and it wasn't me.
Oh man and even better news is the first Saturday it's 27 million because here they have even
though there's winners they have this thing during certain times they were like bonus
lot of draws with the with a predetermined number.
You know what I said Sergio Leone which I didn't know that.
Sergio Leone and I won a lot of the wedding restaurants.
Great great movie I don't care what anybody says it's too long it's this Brian Blum is in there
yeah not that that's the reason I liked it but yeah but the whole movie is just good and the
guy with his noodles lotion lotion I told him he's a tabartanera what was noodles and what was
the other guy the Jewish guy in the deli only raw huh but which one his buddy with the red hair
but you remember when he came back after he got out of the slumber patty patty that's the one
James Hayden I don't care who the actor is nobody ever saw him again he was likely
Harry Oswald who has a goldberg Patrick Patty Goldberg who's just a Pancy an Irish Jew
an Irish Jew oh the name like Patrick remember the amoeuver of Dublin Robert
to whatever the hell is name was Shapiro not Robert Shapiro but I need dead Robert Shapiro I think he
do Robert Shapiro the attorney Deloia what do you mean who are you out of touch with America man
with a pop culture Bobby Shapiro from the old that's right yeah yeah he's dead that he is
sure the guy punished his ass for like getting on her he knew damn well he was guilty and and you
know who else is dead Johnny Cochran that that that yeah notice you say that right this time
now Chris Darden is still alive and Marsha Clark she's still alive those two in confidence but they're
I mean they did the crappy job at least they're still alive but Johnny Cochran and Bobby Shapiro
dead dead DED dead because guys pissed up and you know what oh Jay I'm just better start thinking
about that okay because I'm guaranteed the Lord is starting to point his finger toward your nasty
also rated that's correct and you may you may just be next this is pretty quick whenever I
shape my balls I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
yeah
yeah
in the Gulf War let him off the world I think it's time to give it for the world
so it's time to know those people's uh army right you fairy
abduélé
yera
absolutely
uh
Go up the creed, follow me around
And there's a way to catch the dirt and chemicals that burn
That we're not lovin' up those scars
If we land prepared, we're gonna be wet
Because some of them stay won't be dirty
I'll hear up, we'll bring it to an end
I'll hear up, we'll blow it up again
I'll hear up, I'll see an end
I'll hear up, oh
I'll hear up, I'll toast the stupid bone
Yeah, how's that thing working out by the way?
Now they're showing off the dinner job on there
US cruiser moves into the Gulf
Alright, now we're really getting on top of it, baby
Right on the brink
In fact, here's an article from US Merking Chim
Congratulations, Democrats, you just purchased yourself a war by Frank Rinelli of this Merking Chim
Bush blusters, Congress folds and the war plays on
He says, democratically controlled House and Senate leaders have confirmed their capitulation
and acquiescence to Bush's autocratic demands and have agreed to fund more unregulated warfare in Iraq for another six months
The media eager to please the executive at large
launched a full-fledged declaration of surrender campaign
and dining Democrats with headlines such as, Democrats concede on Iraq
and Democrats retreat and funding showdown
The excuse put forth by Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid for an abysmal show of cowardice
and abdication of congressional and constitution responsibility was, we don't have the votes
Ah, shocks Nancy, you tried
Golly G, Harry, we know Bush is scary
Better luck next time when America votes you back into the minority in 2008
You weren't quite ready for the big leagues where you
The White House already believes just as they do a former president, Jimmy Carter
that the Democrats are increasingly irrelevant
We know it's hard facing down a wayward in the end of the volume
maniacal megalomaniac, a law-breaking lunatic, just opposed to the public approval rating of 28 percent
Being the majority is arduous work and you haven't had any practice over the last 13 years or so
However, there's a benefit to this godless recoil if just purchased yourself a war
Yes, congratulations, Democrats, enjoy your newly purchased war of aggression
It's only four years old and lots of subsidies now available for refurbishment, revamp, and renovation
She's a real fixer-upper, but hey, casualties on the American side have been light
And taxpayers have already observed most of the costs associated with the working-out-the-bugs process
A new coat of paint, a few extra brigades, a first printing of support to the troops, press all magnets and you're good to go
In addition with Bush's promise of sustaining your minimum wage increase bill
The proceeding this fondant drags at the lowest end of the wage scale
And I'll patriotically participate in new combat acquisition by infusing more cash into Bush's upside-down economy
Think of the potential promised Democrats to offer all those that previously were unable to finance appropriately
The hostilities former known as Bush's War
Honestly, it doesn't take an exemplary argument to see why Americans over the last 25 years keep voting largely Republican
The 2006 election now with standing and opting for Republican presidents
Americans is a hold that not necessarily agree with them even like the Republican Party
And if in transient ideologies of preserving the status quo
They do however like team players, winners, and driven tenacity when the times get tough
The Republican Party and full view of every, every amoral, depraved, nefarious, and unconscious black they've committed
There's one thing and it does it well
They stick together and they tend their flock
Something the current Democratic leaders have patentally failed to do
Resolute and unified are not currently part of the lexicon or landscape of the crop of Democrats and Congress today
Fractured and failing are more suitable metaphors
Befagan ostensibly co-equal branch of government of cow toast to a pectoral and president
Bush may have lost all credibility with the American people long ago
But Congress now has lost its guile and therefore the alliance of the American people
In other words, they suck, they blow
They're like what's in anymore that our enable's jocks
They blow, they blow, we know, they blow
We do, we do, like the guy said
Hey Joe, we know, they blow
And she too
947, now what did you say about yeast infected something like that?
I'll see if you had told me about the car payment thing we could have had that done in
And now everybody's saying well they're talking about on the air to make them sort of look like a big shot
Yeah, like that, you know
So I don't know a big shot, 440 bucks a month my god I can lose that in, I can lose that in five minutes it would buy
What?
Are you kidding me?
Do you know on the five dollar machine the squeal of fortune baby it's ten bucks every ten we hit that button
So 447 what is that? So just say 400 bucks that's four
40 times right? That's 400 bucks correct
Yeah somebody that can do that
Correct like I can't, I mean that's the only thing I know is my numbers baby and believe me when I see a good number
I saw a couple of good numbers that was buying yesterday
Unfortunately they were not on my number were they?
Oh boy
I saw a couple machines and they fired out a room there that had, they were sitting on the five thousand on a wheel
They were not mine though
I did hit 1500 on the line boy had read seven read seven five times and I let out a yeah alright like that 1500 bucks baby
You hit that thing for two bucks and you get 1500 because you've already put 2000 in so that's not a good return but anyway I did okay
I didn't I I minimize my losing
947 votes on the pool because you know I've got a bad gambling problem
That's what the Yint has in the audience or that that's the word round you know
Around town right he's got a gambling problem Rogers he's gonna lose all that money
It's not a problem you can do that's why I'm offering to buy her that now now let me ask you the payments gonna be the same
We might as well do this on here in fact maybe you can get a hold of where were you gonna trade this
Oh I was looking at Toyota's
Oh you're not getting a bet
No I'm not a bad old guy I need to deal with all
I'm talking about for the dog yeah yeah yeah
You looking at Toyota's?
Yeah like a truck
A little you want to truck the little truck because
No I'm a family man and I hot the haul stuff like mulch and dirt
So that's what happens when you get to be a family man you can't have a sports car in the house right
That's what's like a nice so one of those beautiful a new Auburn what do they call it orange?
I don't know
I don't know
Burned orange color you know the two versions of the I-06 Mert Humber
That's a hot automobile man but you know it only seats the two
No I need to seat faux people and be able to haul stuff like ass
haul ass yeah all ass
How would you react if it turned out if you found out that your sponsors
agreement with other was gay we got 947 I don't know are we going slow here is it just me am I like in a time warp or what?
Yeah it doesn't explode today somehow
No I'm not the show I'm talking about the pool the show is going great
It's part of the fact that we're spending too much time talking about your damn car payment
Oh well no I'm not seriously there's gonna be about the same I mean I know that baby
I don't want to make a commitment then fine I was gonna be like so I'm gonna do it
Obviously I won't get anything if the payments will be more
In other words you're gonna have to get some kind of a crappy little card and that's what you're trying to say to me
Absolutely not that's it that's it
Yeah if nobody's trying to say Chris he's gonna have to like cut way back to some real fixing her
I think that's exactly what I'm saying
Exactly which is it even Chris knows it
He's flipping through a Ferrari books right now
Yeah that's it
How about a Lamborghini?
What a rules love it you know
I mean you're kind of teeny you're forward to a Lamborghini
Gold rims love it
Yeah
Anyway how would you act?
948 and a poll let me let me see we get to 950 anyway
Yeah we did
That was beautiful
950 vote
I'd suggest a three sum 450
Right
That sounds a little bit gay to me I don't know
Split up or divorce 269
Forgiven forget 75
I already know here she is gay 63
See we need to give us four that a little bit more
You know like are those gay couples or those like
People who know that their opposite is a screamer you know
Or a whatever
We got the call in
Yeah there you go call in we're not gonna talk to you but call in
Chris there's about as much chance
There's about as much chance of Chris answering the phone today
And 600 gallons of wontons soup coming through your ceiling in the next hour
I do like wontons of wontons soup fans
Crap log soup
See the Jews the Italians and the Chinese
There's a definite connection there
Noodles
Is that what it is?
What's noodles got to do with Crap log and wontons
They're made with noodles
Oh
And Ravi always
Right
Dove
Are you doing Simpson's stuff again or what?
Turn the tables and have it a fair of my own 38
May Mark Hill the bastard of bits 36
Well I mean you know
What cause they lie to you see I hate that
I don't like it
No
And pretend I don't know and let it slide 19
Let it ride let it slide
And yeah
And go in a closet and hide
That's a good idea
If you know what you are
And you're fooling somebody else
And destroying their life
Cause down the road it's gonna be a very unhappy end
Usually
Am I right?
Right
Keeping into the pressure of your family
Of society
Of your job
All this other stuff
And doing a heterosexual marriage
When you yourself are
Okay
That's bad man
Those people need to be horse whipped
And probably would enjoy it
And by the way I want to apologize you know
Well Felix the catch on
Yes
That emails me all those really nifty articles on my space
He says you better know your drugstore
Soapers are quailudes in their stamp 714
Which is your Friday's badge number
On
On
Dragnet
Well you were lived about a half a beat ahead of me there
We thought it was really cute
Well I'm old
714
Quailudes
Well what the hell is 914?
I guess 914 is nothing
You could look at it
Except the Porsche
What do you mean you could look it up?
You're looking up 914?
Well thank you Sean
Thank you very much for correcting me
Making me feel like an old
Fuddy-duddy
That does know my ludes
Well ludes aren't, I mean ludes are a passey aren't they kind of
I don't know I haven't seen them let me think ever
So they must be really passey
I'm trying to think of the
There are some over the counter drugs
That they got numbers like that maybe that's where I see 914
Maybe it's on like a binanza pril
I don't know
Let me go in the other room and do some drugs
I don't see I'm only getting the area code
How about Porsche 914?
You tell me that that's not coming up on you
What are you googling on man?
I'm trying you know drugs pills 914
I'm putting 914 in like along with any drug word
How come just putting 914 in?
That's like that
So you're a complicated area code that's what I did for all confused
Of course that's what I did for you
I don't know what a what a discrete read of an anion
Of course that's what I did for us then that came up with nothing but area codes
And didn't come up with a Porsche because I already googled it and Porsche came up with a 914
You better know your Porsche is Mr. In fact
I think that's going to be George's next copy
Down on his luck until a twist of fate in downing with all the powers of A-Law
It's the feel good hit of the summer
Ok, Med all mighty
Stop the crap!
All are the praise! I mean I be praise!
I can do anything!
It's funny! I woke up this morning and I swear I do spell figure
It is you! Now cover them up or face the wrath of me!
From the director of Infidel Liar, Infidel Liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day towards a box office
It's Ok Med all mighty
Oh Sam you filthy dog! Do not be pinging on top of P-H-Law like the rest of us!
Ok Med all mighty
It's Allah you could ask your movie comedy
Ok Med it's Allah!
You've had my power for a little over the week now
How many people have you held?
Oh man well man!
Nobody!
Perfect!
I'm Med all mighty
Now fly into a movie theater near you
Come 19 at 560 WM Happy Thursday too
A lot of people are bailing out from Memorial Day when you think I would think so
I know you said I talked on the air about you with that car thing
I don't want you to be the one to be left out
Oh as Tom says in that spot, left out
What is that?
It's just somebody was standing with a gun
It's the talking of the building I don't know how it came to pass I got to ask
How well all things will pan
Yeah sure
By the way that thing did you ever get that thing sent along?
I sent the URL just to get it
I don't think it's going to go through
I think it's a comedy pinko plot I think Al Sharpton is behind it
I'm trying to get it
I notice this is your writing at the bottom of this fax is it not?
Nope
If you don't know maybe listen to us
It looks just like your writing are you the Sharkman?
No
George is the disguised as the Sharkman today
Who could chew?
No that's not me son
Anyway it says George and Eardin, you know what the guys you see now in the corner is collecting money for the vets is legit
They're dressed in military garb and I'm seeing them more than the homeless people thanks Sharkman
I don't know Sharkman
And I don't see him because I'm not there
Now you probably see him because you're there
The Sharkman?
I haven't seen any vets lately no
This is if you don't know maybe a listener does
Well I don't know maybe a listener does and they'll fax them because we sure ain't taking no calls I'll tell you that
The chances of Chris screen any calls today
By one o'clock we should have a thousand votes really slowed down bad
That's because and I think tomorrow is going to be like a wash out or rain out
Because wouldn't you think people are tomorrow taking off for a four day a holiday weekend?
I know
I would sure think so if they got any brains they don't want to be left out
9.74 on Ed Pulle
We'll get 2,000
We're kind of creeping and crawling along right now I understand
I understand you got more important and especially in other ways Memorial Day on Monday
But today is the second and final day of Shivuos
Happy Shivuos if you're Jewish
And let me just pass this a lot and don't don't let me forget to keep a mention this over and over and over again
It kills a lot of good time and it's very moving portante
We could do a cubic service to many of our listeners out there
Now through June 4th which is next week from Monday
BSO deputies will join with other law enforcement officers throughout the state
And nation to firmly enforce vehicle seat belt and child restraint laws
Motorists pulled over this Memorial Day holiday weekend who are not buckled will be ticketed
No warnings, click it or ticket
Lick it or ticket
Or you've heard that before I'm sure some of you ladies are compels you over, lick it or a ticket
In addition BSO will conduct DUI saturation patrols from 8 p.m. on May 25th which is tomorrow
From 5 a.m. until May 27th and areas of unaccompanied central broard
That's unaccompanied central
Oakland Park, Tamarack Deer Field Beach and Pompeo Beach
Impaired drivers will be identified and DUI laws will be actively enforced
They will shoot your ass, stuff like that
So I'll put that over there in my pile just just to make sure that I mention it numerous times even over the weekend
Like I said I'll come in here when there's nobody nobody around just you know when this thing is shut off
Why do what that sounds like if I shut this off while we're on the air?
What should we give that a try? I mean it'll come right back on the board
It'll it'll make a poom sound
Well to make it I'll make what kind of a sound?
Poom
Did it do anything?
I don't know
Did anything happen or what?
Nothing happened?
No
Well how is that possible?
I didn't hear anything
It happened
Well I'll be a guy standing
I don't understand how that's possible maybe the mic isn't uh...
I don't understand
I don't know
I don't either
Wow well of course you don't even have any idea what how this is all confirmed with
Well these days when I said to those pictures can't wait
Oh 977 votes so what do you say we're got that thing straight now or what?
We're straightening it out but it's not yet
You know something that thing needs to be forwarded to everybody in the high grade
I agree
Not the subhuman race that is fabulous
And your daughter sent you that?
She's on that site all the time she loves that site
And it's a great site
Yeah you're the man now dog
As a matter of fact you might have well just told the audience
No I'm not gonna I'm not telling the audience about that that particular one
Are you out of your mind or what?
Are you a crazy person or what?
So you're the man now dog
Yeah and and the URL is don't you dare?
You know I called read just because you're feeling all chipper like flipper and
At the whole Luke Helping business yesterday was so grotesque and I still can't
Can't get over my just read a book they can find it under read a book somewhere
Google don't be don't be given instructions now that's bad that's gonna come back and
Slipy right in the ass man especially at this time when Joyce is gonna be all over
Your ass it's a very positive message. Yeah, it is a positive message. I would agree
Weed a book or an absoddeed to you have somebody read one to you is a good idea
Yeah, just shut up already. We yeah, so like I said maybe some old news maybe the pw that's had
Bundy girl sure and that would be good. This is what you're trying to do.
Geez try to do something nice for me turns on your ass
They won't know step by their way. How about they do?
977 let me clip that again. Let me click it 979 see they're coming in tiny chunks today because it's a holiday
And boy you just wait till this summer man. You think the pickings are slim now you just wait
Especially if we don't ever get the audience back
Anybody out there listening what do you say anybody home?
979 I'm looking to read that call again because I just I don't know it's one of those that you just
Want to read the rezolo because it's embarrassing again not a bad poll question but the selections on
There are like a little on the week side is my take am I right or wrong a little on the week side
You're right
Okay, I'm just checking something on that disc all right
I started this thing like an hour ago and I interrupted myself I was doing all that health stuff because it's boring
But I was doing it anyways important Canadian researchers say they developed the most detailed model of a human yet
In a movable 4d image that doctors can use to plant complex surgery or show patients what ailments look like inside their bodies
Wouldn't that be great if you had like a big tumor inside your stomach and you wouldn't want to see it?
I want to see it in 4d in detail called caveman the larger than life computer image encompasses more than 3,000 distinct body parts
All viewed in a booth that gives the image height width and depth researchers be seen
Caveman also plots the passage of time the 4d
Scientists can layer on the unique visuals of patients such as magnetic resonance images, cat scans and x-rays
Giving physicians high resolution views of the inner workings of the body while it appears to float within arms reach
It appears to float just like your governor
It'll help researchers study the genetics of diseases such as cancer, diabetes, muscular, sclerosis and Alzheimer's
Senate officials of the University of Calgary fall faculty of medicine which has worked on the system for six years
Today this kind of a model is unique in the world this is the only one that's complete to Christopher Sensen
Director of the Medical School Sun Center of Excellence for Visual Genomics
We have components of models we could make this thing with 50 different brains because everybody makes their own brain model
What we didn't have was a whole complete body he be saying
Caveman is an off-fut of a 3d virtual reality cave a six million dollar lab the Sun Center opened in 2002 in conjunction with Sun Microsystems
There are a lot of people who took the pipe with that stock let me tell you remember those days? Sure
Wow
The model started partly due to the desire among the size therapy teachers of the company the Central Alberticity of Red Deer
That's Robbie Needamire's hometown I do believe or is that what's not Robbie Needamire he's from a medicine ad
Randy Mueller yes even you know that Red Deer Randy how can I forget I'm trying to forgive him silly person
Red Deer Randy for more intricate picture of muscles and bones well even Chris knew that I'm really proud of you
Like the hockey information they're from Chris who probably never been to a hockey game in his life
Yes I have what was that?
Oh it's probably been a couple years because you know I have to like try to get my tickets it's not good but about four or five years ago
I was the last one I was out going to see if you would ask me for some tickets I would have kind of helped you out I had to take it to the drawer there
Okay I guarantee there's plenty of games that nobody I know went to just sat in the drawer there and just vegetated
And the game came in one and believe me there's probably probably needed some company in that place I'll take some more ones tickets if you want
Like I said George when you get that new truck stick his ass in the back of it no problem I'll dump him
And drop it like red remember when we were at IOD their bus came Bayusa sit right there any right in the backyard just drop his fat ass in the backyard
It's breath so beautiful
I think don't really win this
You can just do it though
And it's not a big deal. They make double me
Let's try it once so
I can just turn it around
You'll mean the bar to the door to the door to the door to the door to the door
It's a famous thing when I use my own food
I would like one IOD
I'm jack wow
I'm a paper-sized old man
Please make me hard to say it
The door to the door
The door to the door to the door
Name it the Mohon
Therese out in town
Wait a minute right away
It's a door to the door to the door
Go to therese out into the door
No one knows ugh
Angus Angus
I don't know what you're talking about.
I ain't never said no to go away.
Well 33, quit being such a yentage or just a message I just got from our mutual friend
of professor.
He said quit talking about the car.
Oh yeah, I started it.
And he said that if you want the Lamborghini he'll make the payments.
Oh God, the whole world is crazy.
Can't hold a family.
You know, thank God I'm saying the whole world is, no no no no crazy.
It's quite a day.
Speaking of crazy, how about that fact?
Chris says, I don't understand why your show is not permitted to do the things I hear on
other radio stations.
There's one word answer to this.
Chris and it's, Christ!
That's the word.
It says, I listen to your repeater station on 105.9, the Paul and Ron show.
What does that mean?
Oh, repeater.
In other words, because he repeats my material right.
Uh huh.
I'm going to be slow in my old age.
They play fart sounds all morning and discuss boners.
It kills me every time I see the young Paul and Ron billboards that say, hello, my name is young Ron and Paul and knowing full well.
That hello sticker is stuck to your shirt.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I also listen to 940 AM's Stephanie Miller show and they play fart sounds all the time.
Well, to them, how do you like that?
Has Norma George or any person from your staff found out if this bizarre censorship is being implemented by the FCC?
No, they don't have to find out.
It is not.
Of course it's not.
It's just our own stations versus censorship is Chris's next line.
That is correct.
That is absolutely correct, sir.
I hope that Norma could take time out of his busy day.
Servicesing Joe's out.
It can't use that other term.
Servicesing Joe's he landed it to Florida and get to the bottom of this graph.
PS Jerry Falwell is in heaven says Chris.
Now what is that last line?
What's wrong?
Jerry Falwell is in heaven.
I guess Chris is a fan of Jerry Falwell.
Oh, by the way, your friend says he's not making the payments in Larry.
Oh, he had second thought.
He thought it was going to be hard enough to deserve it.
But when I said he's making it, I'm not buying you no fancy shmancy car mister.
Can't haul a family in a Lamborghini.
And could be in a Yinta.
That's right.
You can't drive a family riding Lamborghini.
What a weeny.
It's right.
Who would be thinking this is nonsense?
Let me just tell you one thing about cars like that.
Years ago, remember I told you I had to end the Ferrari's back then.
Right.
And so there was a place called the Toysdor.
I'm sure it's long since out of business, which I could tell you lots of stories about.
But nevertheless, I'm pretty sure it's not there anymore, or at least the original owner's long gone.
But anyway, they had all these exotic, erotic cars among them.
Of course, it was Lamborghini.
And the guy, we got who ran into place, or the sales guy, whoever the hell I was dealing with, he said,
Lamborghini's are not to be driven.
They're a really rotten car to drive.
He said they're like for ultra, ultra wealthy people, like super duper millionaires and billionaires,
to sit in their drive in front of their homes to impress the neighbors and everybody else.
And that's all they're for.
They're not for driving.
So if you want a car to drive, I mean, if you got an extra billion dollars assembly in around the Gogga de Lamborghini,
they're beautiful looking, you know, but don't drive it.
Right.
As opposed to a Ferrari, you know, like an ice car, like the X06, the new Corvette, the 2.7,
that I'm buying in, somebody else is making the payments for it.
Well, you talk about a quick change of heart.
Yeah, right.
Oh, hey, sorry, honey, the same thing.
Yeah, but I want to say to you the zero of all this good.
And I agree, you do, you deserve whatever, you know, but quit being an answer.
All right, I'll ask.
That's great.
Oh, God.
Thank you for sending me down on the floor.
I can't take no more.
Yeah, I arrested a fifth.
What?
Why did Chris send me that thing, you know, and rub it in, you know, everybody else is playing Fartsong?
Well, you know, just make a Fartsong.
Chris, and hopefully it'll, you know,
it's a long, big end.
The Muppets play Fartsong, but not us.
We can't play Fartsong.
As a matter of fact, let me emphasize the Chris for you, okay?
I want you to listen closely.
Ain't no Fartsong anymore.
Got it?
No.
Listen carefully, Chris, just a little tidbit.
Ain't no Fartsong like me.
You like me, foe?
And Ed's caused a sum of smelly nasty, uh, ho, uh, sorry, whatever it is.
Don't be saying that now, because of the non-immost thing.
We said nothing to do with the FCC.
It had to do with a bunch of whims called CBS, who came into pressure.
And of course, these people here, they're coming into drugs because she don't like it.
She don't like it.
And she still a smelly, uh, sour.
The FBI rested the fifth Hollywood band.
And Georgia Beasley, by the way, agrees with us.
I hate to know.
She's the niece of Bruce Beasley.
She said, you guys are right on.
Something like that.
She was great.
We love you, Georgia.
Joe, and she came into this morning just as I was saying, you know, I have such bad luck.
You got to admit.
The timing was perfect, too.
Did she hear it?
Yes, she heard it.
She heard it.
Oh, geez.
I don't use that word.
I'm a foul mouthed, old bastard, and her old pervert.
I'm proud of it.
But this is not a word I use a lot.
It begins like, you know, see you next time.
She laughed.
And I was not talking about somebody right off because she laughed.
Do you see that good laugh?
Thank God for that.
The last time I said that to you, there was another, uh, and we have so many so few females that have been in the first few.
She said in sucking.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Don't be a yent now.
Choices the lot of.
Oh, boy.
But not Georgia.
She's a peach.
No, she's great.
Did I get through the first paragraph of this story?
I know.
I think I'm keeping track.
I don't know.
It doesn't take much.
And you see, you can send me all the facts as you want.
See now that I won't take the calls.
And I can't get these people.
Oh, you belong unsuriously.
You know, like the other day.
Great.
Get serious.
I'm doing just fine.
I got making enough money and buy everybody cars, Lamborghinis, and Nissan's, and trucks, and schmucks, and whatever.
Hockey pucks.
I'm doing okay.
The FBI arrested a fifth Hollywood police officer Thursday on charges stemming from the alleged leak deaths today of an undercover sting operation involving four other officers who fully digillated drug conspiracy charges.
Federal agents arrested Lieutenant Chuck Robertson, as someone earlier today, said FBI spokesman Rick and Rick as.
Roberts was scheduled to make his initial appearance in federal court today on a fall statement charge.
It wasn't immediately clear if Roberts a 23-year veteran had hired a lawyer.
The FBI was forced to shut down its operation-turned-age badge investigation when, workfully,
leaked prematurely to one of the targets of the probe.
Hollywood police to you, James Scarbury, have said he informed senior commanders and city officials about the investigation was unaware of any wrongdoing.
Roberts 48 and the two other officers were suspended last week without paid because of their alleged link to the leak investigation.
No charges had been brought against the other two major Frank McGarry and officer Tammy Clyde.
The four officers who have pleaded guilty could face life in prison, but will likely get far less than that under federal sentencing guidelines.
The sting operation involved FBI agents posing a New York-based mobsters involved in harrowing trafficking and numerous other illegal activities.
How do you like that?
A rat.
As New York-based mobsters, a lot of mobsters in New York.
Right, New York.
It's happening on a lot of mobsters.
Oh, yeah. A lot of buffers. That was great.
Well, all of it was great. That was in Godfather to, of course. That was the Senate hearing with Frankie Pintangely.
Yeah, sure. I could just play that the whole time would entertain me.
We got a thousand votes, Chris.
Oh!
So, until 1240, and that's because everybody's, you know, they're on the way out for a holiday weekend.
Thank you, Chris.
And thank you again, Mr. President, for those low-guess prices, and that really strong, not American dollar that sucks and blows.
It blows. American dollar is like worth about, you know.
When a Canadian dollar gets to 92 cents, then it just makes me want to sit down and cry.
It's almost enough that I can't even afford to buy you that Porsche at 914.
Sorry, honey.
The only got room for my lady in here.
Don't call me honey.
And that won't help. Others have tried it.
XOXOXOXO, I don't like that.
Doesn't get the job.
Trevor, noted in a stroke.
Faster than a touch-tone phone.
Louder than a pneumatic drill.
Able to sidestepping reality in a single-bound.
Boy.
Look, they're on a phone.
It's a rabbit moosh.
It's a green jacket.
He's the only green people.
No, it's Yintamaean.
Yes, it's Yintamaean.
Strange visitor from another market, with a phone growing out of his head.
Great warning is going to do warnings on she.
What do you think?
Yintamaean, with a bizarre compulsion to pass along Radio Gossip.
They thought it wasn't a clips of the sun, but it turned out to be Demi Ellis.
Unbelievable.
Yintamaean, who can change the course of any discussion, dial two telephones with one hand.
And who disguised as Lee Howler, ill-mattered tacos for a semi-professional radio station,
fights a never-ending battle for rumor, immuendo, and arbitrawn advances.
Yeah, Neil is leaving Miami to buy a station in Lincoln.
Do you believe that guy?
Well, I've actually haven't played that in a hundred years.
Yintamaean, could be in such a Yinta during the year.
Yintamaean, all they're going to want to be Yintas.
They don't even know what it means.
Yeah, they do.
Of course, if you live in South Florida long enough, you know what Yintamaean is right away.
Because you're bound to have a bunch of Yintas living around you, especially if you live in a condo.
Condo-commando is aka Yintas.
1,000 seven votes on the poor boy.
Chris has really puffed up like a peacock about that, aren't you?
I say we get 1,200.
What?
I'm maybe 1150.
I just look at the time.
It's 13-1.
Do you know where your children are?
What are you talking about?
You just watch.
1200.
Now we'll do 1150.
If we get to 1100, it'll be one of the great miracles.
I will get down on my hands and knees and kiss the floor.
The 1150.
If we are going to make 1100, don't you understand?
Let's just see how this thing is slowed down.
It's past noon on a holiday weekend.
Don't you understand?
On the Thursday?
A lot of people are bathing now.
Don't you get it?
You just watch old man.
Oh my god.
I'm just going to buy you a part of it.
Wow.
No, I think we'll get 1100 today.
You're a crazy person.
I know.
You're insane.
I'm here, aren't I?
Although when you did it yesterday for some strange reason, the audience wanted to prove you're right.
Maybe they're starting to like cotton to you.
Are you sorry for me?
Coutive.
Yeah, that could be it.
Although I don't know why.
What are they going to feel?
Sorry, just because you're not making any money.
You got a nice girlfriend there.
We treat you well.
Well, what do you want?
I guess you do.
Yes, I do.
All that free food in there.
Duff comes in every day, every Wednesday with a chicken finger and sticks it with a moon-done chai.
It felt like a chicken finger anyway.
Or maybe just a finger.
That looked like a finger.
Ten-ten wins New York.
Ten-ten.
What a great day.
That wasn't a great stage.
Actually, when it was a rock and roll station before it was all news.
That was Marie de Cay, Marie Kaufman.
Ten-ten wins New York and then it was ten-ten CFRB Tormano.
Which I don't know if it's still or not.
Have I told you that I don't listen to the radio?
I never listen to it.
Not lately.
One time, the only time I ever turned on the radio here was it was a Leafs Playoff game.
And of course that has been for a couple of years.
But anyway, I want to hear Joe Bowen do the game on radio because he was a Saturday and he wasn't doing it on TV.
So that's the only time I turned it on.
It was for a hockey game.
I just don't listen to the radio.
Of course, why should I be the one anyway?
I've told you for years, man.
Radio, I was having a conversation with your close personal friend who says you talk behind my back last time.
No, actually, he likes you now.
Well, good.
Because I told him I said I'm going to abide Georgia car.
I didn't know I was going to look at it.
When you said that, you know what the thing is with some people, they don't ask.
Now, you didn't really ask. I just offered.
And I thought that you were in need.
And I was curious about what the deal is.
Then of course you became an immediate yin-ta and all people are like, you're taking shots at.
That's fine. What else is new?
No, nothing else is new.
Joyce is still a bitch and we still can't play anything or say anything.
And it doesn't bother me anymore.
Like I said, the check showed up at my house yesterday, two days early.
Tomorrow's the 25th. It's not through the little month.
Showed up on the 23rd.
That's that fat ass jolly.
He's got those checks.
And like I said early in the show in case he might have missed it.
If you want to get all the checks that I have for the next year and a half coming in early,
like, well, maybe by the middle of next week would be good.
And then instead of coming in here, my box is short to be there.
I could enjoy the food to my labor.
Wouldn't that be good?
That'd be great.
Although it goes, of course, by the time the year and a half would be up,
I'd probably gamble it all away and then everybody would be peeled, you know.
Thousand and twenty-one votes on the pool.
How would you react if he found out that your spouse or significant other was gay?
You'd say, oye, vey.
Suggest a threesome 489.
That's just downright silly.
But that's okay. It's a silly poll question anyway.
No, it's not.
Because he uses that example of Jim McGreevy, ex-governor New Jersey and his stupid ass wife,
who says, I never knew. I didn't know the government was loaded or something like that.
She didn't know about that pistola.
Suggest a threesome 489.
Split upper divorce to 85.
Forgiven forget 78.
I already know she or he is gay 70.
Like I said, we need more details on that.
Turn the tables, have an affair of my own 41.
Main or kill the bastard or a bitch 38 is the case maybe.
And pretend I don't know and let it slide 20.
Pretend I don't know. Just play dumb.
Stay mom and play dumb.
And hopefully they don't bring any surprises home, any unwanted presence.
Yeah?
Nothing worse than one of your partner brings home an unwanted present, yet.
Because those antibiotics can be real expensive.
Speaking of that, US health officials are beginning to check all shipments of toothpaste coming from China.
Following reports of tainted products in other countries.
Wow.
First it was the dog food and now, God only knows as the beach boys would say, you know, as a kid,
I remember hearing people say that toothpaste is made like from garbage and stuff.
I mean, where did they come up with that crap?
People say stuff all the time.
But that was like one of those things, you know.
One of the urban legend, urban legend.
Urban legend, yeah.
Or suburban or wherever the hell was.
Rural legend.
The FDA and I wasn't that Jared Lido in that movie, Urban Legends.
I don't know, I never saw it.
You never saw?
It's not that good.
I haven't. I've seen it a long time ago.
I'll watch it again and let you know if it's any good.
Jared Lido was in though.
He was.
I do like him.
And I saw the beginning of it and I think you're right, but I don't know.
It's something happened.
I got it.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But those who study such things, whoever those people are, they say this is the most multicultural city in the world.
And I agree with that.
You like Filipinos.
You like Chinese.
You like, I know.
Inge of people.
You like Pakistani.
You like, uh, uh, uh, Palestinians.
You like, uh, ragheads.
But whatever you like, they're here.
And they're ready.
The FDA action comes after the lethal chemical diethylene glycol was found in toothpaste
sold in La Rai Publicity, Domingo, and Panama, Oye, Vey. It follows a wave of concern over
pet food from China containing another toxic chemical, melamine thought to have sickened
thousands of U.S. cats and dogs and made its way into livestock feed.
And here I was thinking about Chinese for lunch today too. How about some food?
No, not that. We're going to be sampling and testing all shipments of toothpaste that
came from China. They said we're doing this as a precautionary measure. We have no
evidence that toothpaste contained deathly and glycohas entered the country. We hope
we're praying. We're praying to God. Test on product pulled from shells in Panama
show they contain high levels of deathly and glyco. I don't know what's funny about it.
Just use an engine coolant. Oh boy. So in other words, you can take your tube,
cheer toothpaste and squeeze it in your car and the, uh, anything. In that little bucket,
you know, where you put your, uh, and, and see freeze, mm-hmm, in your radiator.
Investigators in that country said two toothpaste bands were imported illegally from
China through a free trade zone. It's in Panama. Well, who that wants to go to Panama
anyway, right? Do we think we have any panamanians out there? Oh, sure. Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Really? Yeah. Tainted toothpaste has also been reported in Australia. It wasn't
immediately clear which brands of toothpaste sold in the US are made in China. Well, you
look on your tube next time. Look at it. Take a look at it at your tube. I, a representative
of Johnson and Johnson's McNeil PPC, which makes Rembrandt toothpaste could be immediately
reached. They spoke to woman for Colgate, palm olive maker of Colgate said the company did
not import toothpaste in the US from China. Thank God. Colgate is great. I think. Oh,
wasn't there that one brand of Colgate that had the best stuff? And it doesn't make any
difference what it is. Use, uh, that baking soda or something. Right. Armand Hammer. Armand
Hammer baking soda, man. It'll, it'll just rot your mouth. Oh, you're that. Oh, fat. A
proctor in gamble spoke from and said, Crest brand toothpaste. That's what I use as
American made. I'll ride at a spoke woman for black so Smith Klein. That's the ones that
are making that diabetic drug that's killing everybody, which makes aquafresh had no
immediate comment. Well, you know what they, if they don't, I've used that a lot too,
aquafresh. You know why? Because it's got those pretty stripes. Sure. Where, where and
white and green and purple. That would be good. Yeah. Good stuff. It is aquafresh. It says
here they had no comment that that's not a good sign. That's not reassuring. Don't
get it. Oh, Chinese officials have said they planned to strengthen domestic food safety,
even as worries grow about its manufacturers use of toxins and fake ingredients. Fake
ingredients. Oh my goodness. Earlier yesterday, China called for an investigative team to
probe the toothpaste incidents. The FDA ref said the US agencies begin to work immediately
will continue for 90 days and they could extend it. He added that the agency's been in contact
with other officials and other affected countries as well as China. So no matter what you
do, if you brush your teeth and eat the food, if you drink the water, if you breathe
the air, you're going to die. God. Point to one to two hours. Time flies. Tempest
and it fell. Spectre. Ask you out when you're at the house of
China. I'm going to be in charge of the company. I'm going to be in charge of the company.
I'm going to be in charge of the company. I'm going to be in charge of the company. I'm going
to be in charge of the company. I'm going to be in charge of the company. I'm going to be in charge
of the company. I'm going to be in charge of the company. I'm going to be in charge of the
announced that it'll investigate the cooperation of telephone companies with national security
agencies. War of this, wiretapping activities. One of the director of national intelligence,
Mike McConnell's proposal is to grant immunity to individuals who and companies that facilitate
electronic surveillance activities. They were part of the NSA surveillance program disclosed by
the president in December 2005 when they were monitoring your calls, wiretapping,
audio pull bastards out there. Audio calls to those phone sector services. All the other
list of things you were doing your drug dealers etc.
So representative Silvester raised democratic Texas chair of the House
permanent select committee.
Remember Manolo Reyes?
Who?
Manolo Reyes, he was the Cuban news guy.
And he went and we'll try to somehow remember the wrong guy.
Manolo Reyes.
Before granting immunity for any activities and be important to review what
those activities were, what was the legal basis for those activities and what
would be the impact of a grant of immunity?
A number of lawsuits have been filed against telecommunications companies for
their alleged cooperation with the NSA's domestic E-Dropping Program.
The lawsuit filed by the electronic freedom foundation against AT&T exemplifies the
kind of cases that the director of national intelligence is seeking to keep
out of court.
E-EF's lawsuit alleges that AT&T is given the NSA unchecked backdoor access to
its communications network and its record databases backdoor access.
Backdoor?
Like that.
On behalf of an nationwide class of AT&T customers, E-EF is suing the
stuff to the illegal conduct and hold AT&T responsible for violating the law and
the fundamental freedoms of the American public said it released at the
Permanency Group's website.
Two New Jersey-based attorneys also sued Verizon on similar basis in 2006.
E-EF noted that their website that it tends to seek immunity and
already been rejected in the federal court system.
AT&T can seriously contend that a reasonable entity in its position could
have believed that the alleged domestic dragnet was legal.
Federal District Judge Vaughan Walker wrote, the alleged domestic dragnet.
That comes in handy a lot, you know, especially when you're in a
station and working for this company and for
Joyce.
1093 on air, boy, I don't know.
I think maybe if I really believed you, we might actually made 12 again today.
That would be a real feather in my, like Yankee Doodle.
Well, we didn't start talking about it till later because you know you had to buy
George R and everything, so.
Yeah, we got to buy George R on air.
Could be in such a yin-to, would you please?
Oh, man.
Actually, he's not the one that brought it up, so maybe I should stop being the
answer, but if I stop being the answer, then they won't pay me anymore, right?
Then what do we talk about?
In fact, when I had that ridiculous call from Jolly Joe on Monday to tell me,
a corporate doesn't want to play that fart no more, fart son.
When I had that call, he, I said, well, what is it that they really want?
Well, they want you to give seven a share and don't do anything controversial.
How do you like that?
I said, I don't think that's possible, Joe.
Get a seven share and don't say anything controversial and I thought to myself, I'm working
for crazy people.
And of course, that was a real revelation.
Not.
So I think in honor of that, let's just crank it up.
That's it.
Nasty, nasty ho.
Oh, okay.
No fart sounds anymore.
Well, I like just keep it alive with that just a little tidbit there.
Don't you think it's good?
Keep it alive.
Better than nothing.
Like when you find, you know, a tadpole out in the creek, you know, when you put it
in a, I told you the thing we used to do with tadpoles, that was bad.
That was cruel.
I won't repeat it out.
We all did cruel things a little bit.
We did cruel things.
We put them under hot water and then whatever.
Cold water and then they would burst open right there in the jar.
You know, like, oh, man, 1099.
We're not talking about the tax form, baby.
We're talking about the votes on the New York Times poll on theewargews.com.
We can make 1100.
I'm sure of that.
Don't you think Chris, we make 1100?
Yeah, I think so.
Edward Epstein, who sounds very Jewish rights in the San Francisco Chronicle, you know,
something I think there's like 100 million Jews.
I think we just keep it quiet, you know.
Everybody, every doctor, every writer, every...
Sure.
Everybody is Jewish.
Of course, that Reverend Kennedy, from the, that far-bisoned Goy from a Crowbridge Presbyterian
church, DJ, and Kennedy, he was always talking about all the pornographers were Jewish,
like Al Goldstein and Ron Jeremy.
I'll tell you one thing.
Ron Jeremy gives true meaning to the word pornography.
I mean, he is seriously, he is as pornographic as it gets.
He just, oh, am I right?
Right.
And what was the big attraction with him that day that Al brought him in?
Well, I was everybody, especially the women in the building.
We're like, oogling all over.
Did I tell you the rule how it works with women if they see you face on something other than your head?
They want you, your pain is like you.
I see.
I'll have to do something on anything else, even if it's a wanted poster, a police mug shot, a line.
Well, I'm sure that it must be those, their, their evil pornography addicted,
boyfriends and husbands and both who forced them to watch your Ron Jeremy videos.
God, let me know five, we got 1100, and you're right, we're going to do it more than 1150.
Wow.
Well, what is it that you have good?
You got like some kind of a magic pill that you throw in there.
I know your computer savvy, but what is that all about?
No, I'm not that computer savvy now.
You got a magic thing, Eric's got the breaking, you got the gas.
I can smell it all the way up here.
Tell you this thing.
I'm still sorry for me.
No, that must be it.
Because, once you start rammed it on about, we're going to do this, we're going to do that.
Even when you pick what appears to be an impossible number, we had a thousand seven,
when you said that, and in 25 minutes we got almost 100 votes.
I mean, 907?
I know, 107, yeah, 113, yeah.
I apologize.
You know, there's an old saying, there are some people you can't be nice to.
You ever hear that saying, Jared?
Yeah, I just heard it.
You try like hell, but you just can't be nice to them.
Thank you, Papa.
XOXO.
XOXO.
And by mention this hour that I love your ass born really.
Not this hour.
You hear the one that can be started in the Motown again.
Don't forget, holiday weekend, if you're going to be a lonely board, a porch witness,
standing in the shadows of Motown.
Maybe one of the greatest motion pictures.
It's a documentary, but it's great.
Trust me when I tell you, George is free for the, no paper, the skill of the music.
Oh!
I have visions of many things.
I feel like I'm in hell.
Just can't you do a job.
You know, the one thing I will say about the music from that movie, and it is, you know,
I got the soundtrack here obviously, and you can play the songs, and they're great.
But watching the movie and watching them sing and perform with the funk brothers and the whole thing,
that's what really does it.
Am I right?
I'm right.
Yes.
When I'm right, I'm right.
And when I'm wrong, let's not be against it.
George, let's get this schedule for 2008, right?
Come on.
Let's hear it right now, friends.
Jeff said I had to spend some time in jail.
Why won't he just let me like pay a million dollars daily?
I got to spend 45 days in the hole.
Won't you even let me bring my best friend to call my heart?
He's so cool in my heart.
You're good.
Can't believe I'm going to sell life.
Going to jail is so not hot.
God's calling me over just to hit on me.
But even more annoying than the pop-rock scene.
I'm going to have to wear a prison jumpsuit.
Don't like the orange color of the shoes.
They're kind of cute, I thought.
It's so totally not hot.
Can't believe I'm going to the sell life.
Going to jail is so not hot.
Going to jail is so not hot.
Going to jail is so not hot.
Yeah, she's really hot about this hot as the Arctic Circle 3 global warming day.
It's a 1.16 to 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Thursday to May 24, second day of Shibuos,
and just days before Memorial Day.
I almost had Labor Day.
Isn't it pretty much all the same now?
Fourth of July, the Labor Day.
It's Barbecues and Lot of Beer and Get Drunk and You Laid.
Not necessarily.
I mean, get so drunk you pass out, then you probably won't get laid.
But whatever, you don't think about it anyway.
11.16 and a full, this damn Chris, I don't know what the hell you got.
You got some kind of a connection with the psychic thing with the audience now.
Yes, Pete.
How do you like that?
The Resident movie with Kevin Dillon.
Remote control.
I remember not only his name,
which by the way, he got extremely ugly, very fast.
And the name of that movie, which I can't remember whether it was good or I just liked it because he was in it.
It was cute.
Was it cute?
It was alright.
It was a cute, cute, fun.
David Siroda says Vodal or Dick Cheney Democrats plan to hide their votes on Iraq.
Oh boy.
We got two parties, baby, and the country got the evil party and the really, really evil party.
Yeah.
And basically Gourmet is helping.
And don't be a Yantobidle.
See, the one thing I like is when I got Goyam Sterni used the other words that I don't make any tremendous impact.
It's like playing the least Miguel music for crackers, you know.
When we got to start doing that, I don't know if you guys are going to get a stand right now.
Let's say the word.
I got them all.
You got them all?
Well, a swania.
I do like swania.
Swania.
Dad, dad, dad.
I don't know my espagnoles second.
Have you got a swania?
I think so.
You said that like you had them right through your fingertips like you did the other day.
How come they are not showing up?
They're not showing up.
Well, I think it's probably an Anglo-cracker plot.
It took all your spikiness a god of it.
Well, I sure love Luis Miguel, man.
He could sing in my house any day.
And he still said, hey, listen.
Mariah, you're up for riah.
Get lost.
She ain't interested.
Oh.
And you actually don't like him.
I don't understand him.
Let me say it again.
His voice is great.
His song's all sucks.
Nice talk up though, I guess.
He's got a lot of money on him.
Oh, it's so schmaltzy, man.
He's the greatest voice in the world.
I don't know what anybody says.
That's just my thing.
I won't argue that.
I'm signing concert three times.
Count them.
We'll know those trace.
Please say something.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
We'll know those trace.
We'll know those trace.
We'll know those.
Don't have that.
What you do.
I don't have this.
Pretty great.
I've got this.
Thanks, honey.
The first one, tonight counting as Spanish.
I'm not in here.
It's just me.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Wanna vote for him?
I'm in a slope.
I guess you got it.
Wanna vote for him?
I'm in a slope.
I'm going on a mountain.
Oh, I'm in a slope.
I have to do that right.
Wanna vote for him?
Wanna vote for him?
Yeah.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Biggest is a vote.
I'm trying to tell you.
Well, maybe it...
Scotty Mack and I would be reject.
Now, what is he doing these days?
Did you tell me he's in Atlanta? I think he's a he's a big shot radio sports producer making a lot of money not like the people here
What yeah, he's a radio sports producer that little for some
There except in Atlanta they actually
They really string yes, and
the big ears wow
Oh look at this now don't tell me the blue Jays actually won again. I'm watching this on the city pulse here
Yes, the green light the gallon throws it away
Three one oh
Don't tell me you know they lose every day
It's one thing about the teams here man. They all suck raptors suck the leaf suck the blue day suck and when I leave out
And the Argos not only they they may I don't know if they suck or not because nobody cares
Anyway today is the day house Democrats are expected to vote on a rack except news out of Washington this morning said the leadership has come off
With a nifty little trick that trying to prevent the public from seeing who voted for giving Bush a blank check and who voted against it
If you thought Democrats were behaving like cowards by caving into a president a three-decade low and presidential polling and giving him a very blank check
They explicitly promised not to give him during the 2006 election. You ain't seeing nothing yet
It says
We're watching the rise of the Dick Cheney Democrats
That is the rise of Democrats who endorse governing in secret and hiding the public's business from the public itself
Here's how it's expected to work today in a process only Dick Cheney could love though you never know it could change
Every bill comes to the House floor with what is known as a rule that sets the terms of debate over legislation in question
House members first vote to approve this parliamentary rule then they vote on legislation today
However Democrats are planning to include the Iraq blank check bill in the rule itself
Meaning when the public goes to look for a vote on the Iraq supplemental bill you won't find it all you'll find is a
Complex parliamentary procedure vote lawmakers across will then tell their angry constituents
They're really using all of their power to win the war and this vote on the rule
Which was the real hope for the war wasn't we be vote on the war?
It's a devious deliberately confusing cherry on top of the manure Sunday being served up to the American public
Well, that's what I'm gonna have for lunch today a manure Sunday. All right
Low carbs, I believe which voted Democrats into office on the premise that we'd use their congressional majority and the war
I got to read that line again a deliberately confusing cherry on top of the manure Sunday. I love it
I wonder if Joyce would approve of that she might enjoy it
I bet all of this is happening at a time the time Republican leaders are making ever more sociopathic statements
That odds with mainstream public opinion today for example
House Republican conference chairman Adam Puppmann Republican of Florida cheered on the blank check telling rule called that you drop
Merva troop readiness standards you drop withdrawal and the troops win
He doesn't explain how popular proposals to better equipment train American soldiers for combat and forced the Bushman
Instruct to come up with a plan for reading flowing troops out of harm's way means troops win
If the secretive behavior scenes familiar it should you may recall that in the past to weeks the same Democratic leadership
That's now trying to hide its folks on a rack negotiated a secret free trade deal with the White House
Steam rolling its other key election 2006 pledge to stop lobbyist written trade policy
The legislative text of the trade packs and question remains concealed from the public
Though case read lobbyists have told reporters they've received assurances that any of the much-tired provisions that
For for to protect labor and the environment will be written to be unenforceable
Not surprising Democrats are reacting to questions about why they're trying to secretly define the world of the public and
Disrespecting the election 2006 campaign in the same way they always do like wailing infants
Last week Ways and Means Committee chairman Charlie Wrangler in New York took the PBS to lace into critics of the secret trade deal
He negotiated saying he should have ignored his own Democratic colleagues raising questions because they're wasting his time and it goes on
And I yeah, growing yourself in baby you're at the evil party and the somewhat less evil but cowardly
It's like the cowardly lion and he's been dead a long time Bert Larr remember where I told that once interviewed him in
If saliney Michigan right
And I say that I was in ten's in front of a came art Bert Larr
I talked him about Wizard of odds and
All I cramp and I know what else to talk about it. I guess it was okay. Nobody was listening. Yeah, nobody listen to that
What else did you talk to that guy?
Wizard of odds I guess the cowardly lion and is he really Jewish
134 votes boy you got that down to a science man
I think we're gonna make a put Chris and charge of the pool. You are the pool, my mr. Mr
The pool mr. Meister, okay, I don't know how this has happened two days in a row now. Can't be just a coincidence
He's got powers is that what it is or have we been doing this long enough that you can actually like
scope it out I
See it out. I'm looking on our home at our home page there and I'm looking at the Brady Quinn again
That's the Michael Jackson thing he's doing
I feel like they are dressed up the whole bunches the village people, but he's doing the Michael Jackson pose
You know pointing pointing me arm with the finger and with the hand of the crops. That's all he's doing. He's doing Michael Jackson
And then the other picture below that he's doing another kid
Who probably is too old for Michael Jackson, but anyway? I just don't get it Brady
There's something there. It does meet the eye
You know, I wouldn't be surprised at all. See none other sports. There's gonna talk about that
About all the rumors about him and that maybe that's why he dropped all the way down
Was he picked like 12 or something 22nd? Well 22
22 but he's wearing a tutu that may be a part of a tip off too
You know when you see a guy who's supposed to be a a virile jack wearing a tutu
That's just something or when you see a guy like who's got a number in the book. It's a tutu
Not too good. You know a tutu a lot of those across the street
That's pretty good for some people for some people in fact for our morning show two two would be quite an accomplishment
I don't I don't like numbers that start with oh, and I don't like numbers that start with Uno, okay?
And even with dose, you know
You feel like you caught a dose from somebody when you see numbers starts with a two
But when they start with a zero or a one you're saying to yourself
Couldn't we have like transmitter maintenance and still get the same number on the station?
Am I right? Yeah, could we like make sounds like
I like that or maybe like
Like that
Yeah, like that
Yeah
And then we can ask the audience you like it and they'd probably say I should meet whatever that other crap is
I could be I'm just thinking out loud. You know, that's me. I like to think out loud
Everybody says that's a good idea if you think I don't know rip anybody but think out loud
So I'm not like you know, it's not like premeditated. It's just flowing out
It's kind of like when you have like an intestinal emergency, you know, it wasn't something you thought about it
It's just like oh, yeah, better get in there right away, and it's just yeah, everything just float out
You know, I mean what do you mean? I'm sure you've been there. Yeah, don't that 1140 on the pool boy
Well, now what do you say 1150?
Correct
See, I think you're selling yourself a little short whether you tremendous enthusiasm that will be
I was when you shock me if we had a million by two of them
Kind of a fan
It's something they can't seem too high
Kind of a fan
They can't admit that they like guys
Yeah
Hey
Okay
What Michael Jackson like to do
Kind of a
You are FAD, woot, they hid him, is it you
you're all great
all Spring, ill always
Go dont give them all
like the sea and the waves
ill ok
tell ok
I think that's what we exactly met
When he finds me
I remember Randy the goddess talking about how she'd see me on a highway we'd pass each other as she was driving and I was
driving home and I'd be like all happy listening to my Luis Miguel music in the car or whatever.
Which I'll help that she know what I was listening to you know I'm usually listening to the show.
How did she know what I was listening to in the car?
Didn't you talk about it like all the time?
No, I don't know maybe she was like spying maybe she had like a stock device.
She had a device.
That's what Jim said she had a device.
Remember Jim?
Yeah of course.
Who does it?
The multi-colored thing?
Hi.
This is Jim.
Oh boy.
Love your show Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
One thing to say to you Jim.
You're fairy.
Anyway, 11.59.
We exceeded Chris's on 50.
Well you I don't know what's going on.
It takes a lot to shock the heart of this old fart.
I'll tell you that.
But I'm shocked.
I feel like I just stuck my finger in the electric socket and then back in my pocket.
Don't hurt yourself.
And found a rocket.
I just can't believe it.
In fact, you know if I I'll take the blame.
We got 11.61.
We would need 39 votes in 27 minutes.
Statistically I mean we ordinarily would do that to get to 12 because you you actually
said 1200 first.
Oh right.
Then I forced you to like revise your estimate and you went down to 11.50 because you're
easy you know and you don't want to get canned like Sunday morning.
But not that easy.
And what what's so easy about Sunday morning?
What a stupid song that is.
Easy like Sunday morning.
Who is that that's the Lionel Richie isn't it?
Yes.
All right.
I know Richie.
Oh or what?
The one that I know of unless there was another remake or something.
No it's Lionel Richie.
I get bitchy when I hear Lionel Richie.
I don't like him.
I mean I personally he may be a great guy and it's got nothing to do with he because
he's very like complex in any way.
Is he really black?
I guess he is.
It's combative by the way.
Never.
Of course.
But Lionel Richie was the lead singer in this song.
Why not?
It seems to be technical.
You know that truckier has just got really small you know.
Wow.
Start that and think that.
A mini truck.
That sounds awfully like Lionel Richie to me when he was with the come out.
And the amazing part of it is I love the Commodore.
When he shuts up.
Like what's that great to the instrumental machine gun.
If you got that man I will add I will lay on the floor and make better sounds.
Oh wow.
Well it makes better notes.
Oh the lowly right man.
This is the greatest song of all time.
Damn good song.
It is out of freaking standing man.
This kicks big fat, typically smelly nasty comellista ants.
This is um from the bookie night soundtrack by the way.
Isn't it?
Yeah that's the one where I got it.
What a great movie damage.
Sure.
And good sound practice.
Even when go Reynolds hey Bert.
You're a fine job.
He was great and he was great in deliverance too.
And of course you may always smokey and abandoned awful movies with his boyfriend down
the alley.
Hey Don.
I think we're going to make 1200.
Wow.
It's just amazing how we continue smoking right along on the type 10.
Must be the life raft that somebody sent us.
Maybe the fact George held out of his.
Now what you've made that is that all there was?
No no no just turning it down a little bit.
Jeez.
That is a lot of telling me.
And you know I had, now you must know because back in the days when he was like a
district he was like I used to be.
It has promotional 45s and all the different colors you know.
Right.
And I had a red copy or red record.
Ooh.
Damn.
I love those.
Oh.
You know it's almost translucent.
It's a certain green and red and white below kind of fancy fancy colors.
But any promotional copies that regular station would give from the record companies.
And I had a red copy of a machine gun.
Of course if I hadn't even the day I couldn't play because I had no machine to play
a ride machine gun on.
I have no more 45 a little spindle.
Wouldn't have to be great if we still have one.
I bet you didn't buy him like online.
Yes you can.
You can?
Sure.
And then what?
Well they actually they have turntables that will digitize your music for you.
Remember we talked about that.
You can make an M3 out of any record that you have.
You know that he couldn't do that by hooking it up to the computer anyway.
Right.
But yeah they stole it.
I could have made some one of them all 45 but with the spindle you know.
You bet.
Just load up that and we'll all spindle.
Mm-hmm.
Listen say it's so good that it tasted.
Bones me too.
Bunky and then you play in line over to you.
You see well they out Chris started all that and they did.
Hey there.
He takes ten steps back and then after he's bored.
I think we'll back to the park please.
And park your fair dance.
We're gonna get this all the way through.
No that's good.
No we got to keep working.
Oh.
Fading 1171, the 29 votes is 24 minutes.
I think we're gonna make 1200.
Then I got news for you.
A drill finder will sit out on the street and cry like a baby.
Like a child.
Oh nobody cares about us.
They don't care about our business.
Oh.
What are we gonna do?
And then I understand that Dan La Bastard is upset because the rumor has it.
He was riding his bicycle like a child in his neighborhood and somebody said, hey La Bastard, how you doing?
They started to come to the back to because they all listen to the show.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
And he, I guess he didn't know how to respond to that.
Just take it as a high compliment.
Okay.
If it's somebody who listen to this show and they actually like our acknowledging your presence,
I take it as a big compliment Danny Boy.
And there are some people listening to him.
I have no idea why but I guess you know it's maybe they're a little bit bored or...
I don't know.
He'll be alright.
Hank will recover from that morning experience.
One of these days he'll bounce back and when he bounces baby you'll feel it.
I got news for you know that thing about bouncing baby boy.
That's the hump.
Now what's the story speaking of that on the Abel Ma?
What's the date for that?
That's three weeks from last Saturday.
I don't know.
Can you look on the counter?
Can you lift up that thing there?
No, not Chris.
Lift up the counter page to June.
I can't lift up that thing.
No, and I'm sure you can't.
I can.
And believe me it ain't much.
Come on.
Lift up the counter to June.
Now this coming is a 20...
It would be June 9th.
If it was just a couple of days from last one.
June 9th.
Am I going to be on the year on June 9th?
I believe so.
I mean June 8th.
You have to try to hear.
Things start to 15th.
My thing starts to 15th.
My vacation starts on the year.
That's correct.
My vacation.
Oh boy.
Now see when you see my vacation I'm starting to think of all sorts of things which again.
I can't mention on the year because Joyce will get really really upset and all ben on the
year.
You know what I mean?
Because you know me when I go on vacation and I turn to do a real, not just a regular ordinary
pedestrian pervert, but a real serious pervert.
I've scoped out lots of interesting places over the years, lots.
And I continue until I croak.
I will continue.
Scoping.
As long as I can wash it and brush it, I'm scoping it.
Which may be better than using toothpaste, especially if it's made in China.
As soon as the show is over to a clock, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to brush
my teeth.
In fact, you know what I'm going to do during this break, I'm going to go in there and
get my tube of...
Tube!
I don't know if it's coaguit or crest that I'm using at the moment.
I kind of like...
I'm going to be brushing.
Yeah, I'm going to be brushing.
And then I'm going to go to lunch.
And I'm not going to have any ice cream.
How do you like that?
My buddy's just going to be proud of me today.
Well, he really outtell you.
He is all over it like Stink on Joyce.
He is a taskmaster.
In the early evening, I come in here, I send him an email and say, hey, I had a good day
today.
Z-Man, yeah.
In fact, we could get...
What's his name?
The news guy, Charles, from the IMA show.
He could...
He could come out.
Here's the Z-Man.
Well, here we go, Z-Man.
He'll have a good day to let the phony ask us or with the voice, Charles.
You ever see that?
You see him on IMAs?
No.
Yeah, you did.
No, don't tell me you never saw IMAs.
We used to watch him on the morning.
I saw him on the morning.
Which one is it?
The shaved-headed guy or the old guy?
The old guy with a beard, the old guy with a nose, Charles.
And by the way, the one is as well IMAs.
Well IMAs.
And by the boy heading out, he's like a tricycle, a foul and filthy like Sid the Year, the
Kid.
1176, we got 24 votes till all, easily made 1200, man.
Chris had his finger right in it.
I could offer only one tip for the future.
We need 18 votes.
Act strange.
And people will leave you alone.
In 15 minutes.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own, the Andrian expression.
We need 17 votes.
There's a slinky on your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
We now make it in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go
snuck crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your heads with the hole where they say how much.
Rick, a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and you're a country to sign a respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis.
Be anorene.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral.
Play GoFetch with a scene Ida while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling.
Killin' bees.
Killin' bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion, tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if he'll take a million dollars for one of his bulls.
Try to find the secret to care for top success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a cart trip with bobcustis and force them to stay in his car seat.
Try to dribble bobcustis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill-willed anyone, unless you don't like them, then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Sniff an old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle and the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
You're fairing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Protect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Care enough not to care.
Home while you eat.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
Take it out for a nice nash but don't be a yenta.
11.90 we need just 10 votes and we got 12 minutes to do it.
Boy I think we can do that.
If we can't do that we might as well not even show up tomorrow.
What are you going to do on Monday?
Play music and talk crap.
What do you mean play music?
What do you think we're going to get a call, a real one or a fake one?
Just talk for four hours like I do.
That's it.
You can play that.
11.92 I think during this little segment here before we go into the last break we're going to get to 1200.
And then,
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
New Zealand.
Happy healthcare career.
They don't have any plans kind of your okay, grave matter.
Le Ever since the 15th we started Korea.
So, bring a lot of stuff in mind.
And you need I think et cetera, it's like making somebody Meyer's faggot Xiao family come?
Thank you, Sean Felix-The-Katt.
You also sent me this.
Atheist writers are making an all-out assault on religious faith and reaching the top of
the best or the list of signs of widespread resentment over the influence of religion
and the world among non-believers.
Hallelujah, amen, brother.
Take your old-time religion and stick it where the old-time moon don't shine.
Oh, God.
1199.
Oh, oh, we're right on the verge, man.
Let me know when you've got the 1200.
Chris.
Okay.
Chris diverts into my can't stand, by the way, even though I agree with just a lot of
what he says, he's one of the most anxious.
Why is it that most of the well-known Atheists always have it to be obnoxious people like Madeline
or Hare and Christopher Hitchens, and I head around my show a million times, and she
was real cut up.
1200.
1200, we got it.
Yes!
Yes!
Instead of keeping me down.
Yes!
On the west coast of the east coast.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
What is that made of trying to say?
Yes!
Oh!
Wow.
We got our 1200.
Thank you, folks, and thank you for Christopher.
I just...
I'm in shock.
We had a 2007.
Once upon a time in America.
We'll see that movie, by the way.
Go rent it, steal it, and take, you know, 20, 30 hours out of your life, and you'll enjoy it.
Christopher Hitchens' book, God is not great.
How religion poisons everything has sold briskly.
Ever since it was published last month, and his debates with Purgier Drone crowds at
a restop.
We had the six dropouts, by the way, and the internet, we apologize for that.
That's lately we've been pretty good on that thing.
We don't know why, and we don't care.
Sam Harris was a little on-grad with students of the Rothee Phenomenalist, successful
the end of faith, and its follow-up led her to a Christian nation.
Richard Dawkins, the God delusion, and Daniel, that it's breaking the spell of religion
as a natural phenomenon, struck similar things and sold like crazy.
There's something like a change in the zeitgeist, Hitchens said, in the zeitgeist.
Noting that sales of his ladies book, far outnumbered those for his earlier work that
had challenged faith.
There were a lot of people in this country, especially, who are fed up with endless
lectures by bogus clerics and endless bullying and hate and schmutz.
Richard Mao, president of Fuller Theological Seminary, prominent evangelical school in
Pasadena, California, said the book's success reflect a new vehement in the atheist critique.
Amen!
We're sick and tired of it, baby.
Take all your bigotry and your hate and your narrow-mindedness and stick it right up
there.
Deep, okay?
I don't believe in conspiracy theories, Mao said, but it's almost like they've had
a median said, let's counter-retact.
Yeah, we're going to have a big meet is what we're going to have.
On the square table.
The war metaphor is that.
The writer sees themselves in a battle for a reason in a world crippled by superstition.
Amen!
In their view, Muslim extremists do as settlers and Christian rights activists are from
the same mold, using fairy tales posing as divine scripture to justify their lust for
power.
Bad behavior in the name of religion is behind some of the most dangerous global conflicts
and the terrorist attacks in the U.S. and then Madrid.
The atheist says, Hitchens puts it, religion kills.
Amen!
He didn't mind to that, even though I can't stand him, but he's got a good message,
you know what I'm saying?
It's like Bill Maher, he's a little tour, he says a lot of things most I agree with, but
he's a little tour, but he makes me want to vomit.
1207, wow!
How would you react if you found out your spouses' agreement other was gay?
Suggest a three-some-six-twelfth split up for divorce 3.22.
Forgiven, forget 84, and I still have no idea what that means.
I already know that he or she is gay 78.
May more kill the bastard or bitch 46.
Turn the tables having a fair of my own 44, and pretend I don't know and let it slide.
Although I fight, you know, I'd be real careful about where I'd be doing it.
Let it slide 21.
Let it slide and we'll let it ride.
It's day I, if I am in town, at 5.6.0 WQA.
Down in Miami, there's a Luton's All-Build, and there's a big, fat, bastard named Jolly Joe.
He manages a radio station there, and when it comes to paying bills, Joe don't care.
Joe's picked a point out that he's lead greed as a spending freeze.
Crackers' freeze, I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice, but believe on your desk a steaming pile of joys.
I'm looking forward to seeing that the Joe's on the corner of the jog and palm metal part road.
Walking through the traffic with a cardboard time that says, oh that'd be fun.
Can you smirm in a dime?
Oh, that'd be so horrible.
You're trying to get your fuck off of Ho Ho Ho Ho.
That'd be so horrible.
I'm not the only one who's not the horrible one.
Ho Ho Mo Ho Ho, baby Joe, Lu Po.
Oh Ho Ho is a Dindor.
De la Fad Delivery, 5 half dinci Ridg and Dindor donxi hoHOllo Son, Did you order this?
Hoooho oOoS LOOB!!
Stadt..
Bye bye bye!
