No portion of this program will be produced without the express.
Fishbooms again, now they're all in ten.
So many people were spending, all in ten or ten years.
Oh!
And you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
Just curious.
4 3DO 560 WQ AM.
Oh!
Miami for a lot of days.
And AJ Tucky feeling a little less, oh my god.
560 WQ AM presents the Neil Wright Wain,
18 balls to Neil, 8 5 6 7 0 5 60 in date and brown.
And fish in other counties, called toll free, 8 7 7 7 8 5 Neil,
or pound 5 60 on your AT&T and B.
And for a while, the scene clearly may be a hands expressed by Neil.
His guests or his colleagues do not represent those of WQ AM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 5 60 WQ AM.
Buffalo blows and soda the boo.
Oh!
Hey!
Stench of power manure covers over this performance by the Dolphins.
You'll never know how safe you may leave me.
You'll never know how much I hate your guts.
Your stuff's a bit better, come with it.
There we go.
Harlow have a milky yourself.
You'll never know how much you hate your guts.
Attack your sons andcja,
You don't worry about it,
Even Bob Rawha says you
Even compa fear won't date you
And he's a sad perv have up
You've got a heart made of stone
And my stuff you want to earn
Tryin' to a ditch
Crazy bitch
I have no idea why I married you
You're like a fishing trip, been a linking a new
I know it's harsh but it's true
Whichever I've been older she's weeped on
Her voice and a rake I stepped on
From the garden had a
Gold digging pathetic true
People love me as I do
I'm robber your fill
God I hate you
I'm really hate you
10-0-2-560-WDQ
I'm happy Thanksgiving week
It's Monday November 19
A couple days away from Turkey day
When we got here we have Jesse Aggra fillin' in
Won't that be great?
Yep
How do you know?
Because he's a good guy who worked with him before
Anyways George Bakr-Nap
He's still a dump and he's still dropping a load
I guess so
Wow George is dropping 16 tons
What do you get in that span?
George is dropping a second load this morning
Not that we want to get too graphic about that but never less
So the fish lose again and now they're rowing 10
I guess some of us will be in heaven when they get to be 0-11
Those of us who can't stand the entire organization
The stench, the stench of animal manure that emanates from that hole
Well I don't want to say that
Because whether you're dolphin station we got Jimmy Cifilis and the whole gang
But wait till you're this
A chain of 12 restaurants with a toilet theme is opened in Taiwan
Oh see?
Since in the modern toilet restaurants are toilet shaped
And napkins are dispensed from toilet rolls on tables
Food containers are also a toilet or wash basin shaped and much of the food
Is made to look like human waste before it's a China photo base
Oh how delicious how delectable
The food is made to look like human waste
Mmm, delish
The order claims the edgy...
Edgy nature of the restaurants is attracting younger diners
Every detail tells you it's a bathroom not a restaurant
But it's fun to eat here said one diner at a Taipei city outlets
It's called modern toilet
And it's got a picture here then the seats are actually toilet seats
Very spiffy by the way
Like designer toilet seats
Isn't that great?
Not really
I sure hope your body doesn't get confused and think oh well I'm sitting on a toilet
You know how that is? How mine oversplatter?
Yeah you need the out right?
Right
I should say this story about the Shannon till George gets back from the crapper
Because otherwise...
Which Shannon?
The intern Shannon's spake
She was in the intern that George was always like a grab it and pawing all over
I've heard about her
He always had her crawling around on the floor doing stuff in the cabinet there so we could like it
I'll save it
Okay
I'm assuming he's ever gonna come back
Here's the poll from Friday
Where do you go on vacation?
We apologize for such a crappy poll
But yeah, and it's Charlie B said it's a bunch of polls today and believe me
You don't want to know what they are
Oh oh oh
Wooo man
I mean desperate
Where do you go on vacation?
Can't afford to go anywhere 550
36% plus can't afford to go nowhere
Somewhere in the US
533 like maybe
Genevieve New York or O'Nealta
Europe 150
The islands mon 129
That's sad
South America 41
Canada
But third man
Asia 27 in the middle of the 16
Australia 14
Mexico 14
Mexico was struggling the whole time
Because I guess most of our audience wants to come back alive when I go on vacation
And Africa only 13
I'm not really sure whether we included Egypt
I mean Egypt is in Africa and I'm sure there got to be somebody wants to go see the pyramids
Along the Nile like petty paid stuff
And to do prees
Georgia still not back?
Nia
Wow
Heavy duty
Okay here's today's poll which is just our usual presidential poll
Getting close to the that time
Getting close to New Hampshire and Iowa
Of all the people running from president which is your choice
We have 600 votes
You think we'll make a thousand today? I don't know
It's Thanksgiving week, a lot of people already gone
When you think?
That's not an answer to my question
You think we'll make it?
It's gonna be close I don't know about that
Well we'll give it our bed shot, I doubt it
No pressure though, Thanksgiving week
The big pressure is gonna be across the street on Wednesday morning
Oh God, is this gonna be a week?
Wow
It's an amg of things Thursday is Thanksgiving
Because some of those people across the street are gonna meet all day Thursday to recover
Talk about turkeys
Because this is the trend when they drop off that bogus July
Where they hit about 8 billion share with all these phony wired diaries
15.5 share at night from 7 a.m. to 9 a.m.
I followed in August by 8.0
Nobody!
Zipity dude, ah, oh my god
Joel Fimer is gonna be so pissed off
He'll be about the whole family no doubt
600 dollars for all the people
What?
Oh, Georgia's back, I saved the story about Shannon
Thank you, thank you very much
Well, I wanted to know what I was talking about
Sure
16, we just had a big chunk come in here on this
I will, before you give me the result
The Dennis Kassinich crowd
They're creeping this pool, there's no doubt in my mind
Okay, that happens all the time he's got a big, you know,
Al Rogers and this group of sycophants and underlined the sick part
So, and not that I don't like what he says, but he's got two chances none and much less than that
Of all the people running who do you like?
Obama, Barack Obama 122
Dennis Kassinich, a very questionable 113
Swillery 110
Well, that's pretty close in it
Yeah
John Edwards 53, Ron Paul 51, another internet hotshot
No chance
Rudy Giuliani 44, Joe Biden 39, Bill Richardson 27, not only above 14
That must be the Al Gore crowd, and again I said of the people running, he ain't running
Mike Rovel 12, Fred Thompson Yine, Mitt Romney only 7 in this crowd, Chris Dodd 7
Mike Huckabee 4, John McCain, Sulemente Quattro, boy
I guess most people have figured out that he's a crazy person, you know
Which is good, good to find that out now until after they were put him in there
Tom Jekker writes on Saturday
NASCAR doesn't have homecoming weekends if it did this would be Shannon Spakes Week to catch up with old friends
Spake 31 who grew up in sunrise and graduated from Pike or High in FAU reports for NASCAR on ESPN Sports Center
And NASCAR now on ESPN 2, she's in time to cover this weekend's races at Homestead
Sunrise is to NASCAR when Near Rogers is to NASCAR
But Rogers also figures into Spakes on a likely career path
Her first professional experience was interning for his WQM radio program, she has no juicy stories to tell
I didn't see Near much, she said, he knew who I was, he would say hello if we passed in the hallway
But mostly I worked with George Rodriguez, Rogers producer
And if she worked with George all right
Right
Poor Shannon, he had her crawled around on the internet cabinet on the floor, anyway he could get it out on the floor
He had not outside of work too, how do you like that?
Yeah, but you did, he hung it out
One of the appeals, no, what you think?
One of the appeals of QM was Spake's life long ambition to work in sports
However, she wanted to preside in the only non-sports program on the station
She made most of the experience anyway
I actually learned a lot, George told me how to edit and work with different equipment
That's right
Oh yeah, that's different all right
Best intern ever
Tommy says she didn't hang around long, another ambition was to take a bite out of the big apple
With nothing but her pedal to the metal determination to make it in sports casting
She moved in New York and knocked on door, so she got a job in the promotion department of Nickelodeon
Which is as far removed from NASCAR as sunrise and Rogers
But the experience line on her resume helped her landed job at CBS working behind the scenes on the morning show then hosted by Brian Cumble
What does he try to say about as far from NASCAR as sunrise?
What is it like an anti-submit comment Tommy?
Is that what it is?
Uh-huh
Jews aren't into car racing, that's correct
Cumble also moderates HBO's real sports so it's speculated to be known if anything ever happened
There she'd be interested, Gumble remembered and came through for again, however, was behind the scenes
Oho
During the three years she was in New York, her family relocated to Charlotte, North Carolina with the big city out of her system
She moved there too
That's where the whole NASCAR thing came about
She said she was working as a producer for a Charlotte TV station one
And on camera opportunity, five day, Rose and she jumped at it, she grabbed it
And you're reporting in Charlotte you can count on it covering a lot of NASCAR
Yes, PN took notice of her work and now she's one of the best known women in her field
It hasn't all been green flags and clean air those as little Tommy
She got into a celebrated spat with Kurt Bush
When she put a microphone in front of him before he'd cooled off from a bad situation in the track
Bush, who's known to have a vulnerable personality, took out his wrath on her
But they made peace since then, Spake said
That she stood toe to toe with him as properly enhancing her credibility with the other drivers
Covering NASCAR was great she said but I've always wanted to do football
She wants to go in that locker room with Tom Brady, baby and after last night who the hell wouldn't
Unless they're a crazy person like God
Jesus, can he really be for real or what?
In every aspect, in every respect
Is there one guy in the world other than him of course who doesn't want to be Tom Brady?
I can't even imagine
I would prefer to be the gay Tom Brady
Probably catch a lot of attention
I imagine
646 on the full of Chris' as we can make 1000 of these even though it's Thanksgiving week
I say he's full of it
I did tell him
George used to be full of it but probably not so much in the right now
Well give me another minute or two
From minutes after 10 a.k.u.a. we got mad dog a 2-power hour with Hank and the mad dog between 4 and 5
The Humper all by his self
5 to 7 and then took that, took so you take that radio and put it in the toilet
Dolphins all access from 7 to 9 with Bow and OJ
Oh and then the beast out of midnight
Like I said, fry that to put it in the microwave, that radio
The best out of T-Rex is no rejects 4.2560 QAM
The fourth leader
No portion of this program will be produced about the expressway information at WQAM
B.C. Broadcast Group Incorporated
Oh
You know N.T.A.Y.S.U.C.K.S.O
I was uh... where uh... I was a token about creeps
Hmm, not that the essential for your feet
When you do a sports show on the horse-fought radio
It's all about what your speaks about the glitz on your feet
Is what I mean
There every kind of creep
You've got your long ones, your ones, square ones, round ones
That's one shop ones, the ones, and in the middle
I got the long ones
I like the smooth ones
And this creep over here
Come cook with that peeler home
One lights it up, he will say
This is my treat for my feet
I got creeps on my feet
Yo, yo, yo, yo
That's my treat on my feet
Leads on my feet
Listen to me now
The wrong creeps can make your boat and on your back
How the condition of the field can be gooey
Cooling my Castro
Oh, and you can fall down if it gooey
It is what it is
I got creeps on my feet
Yo, yo, yo, yo
I got creeps on my feet
God, he's got creeps on my feet
Oh my feet
Oh my feet
I got my creeps on my feet
I don't know from how leads
I could say cleats
Fish loose again
Now they're all in ten
I just thought I mentioned it in passing
1019 at 560 WDQA
Just to look at that pool
And take the dentist because it is what with a grain or two assault
That's my suggestion, okay
Well, you know what I'm saying
We talked about it before the day
Yeah, it's sad, but that's how it goes
He says all the right things, but he's got, you know, he's a midget
He's a midget with a bad hair piece
And a goofy pro-tee
He talks about flying saucers and stuff like that
It's almost like he goes out of his way
To make himself like a clown, you know
Everybody loves a clown
That's what Gary Lewis said
669 votes on the pool
I think you got a shot today, Chris
671, wow, they're coming in in big chunks
Got two more dead people from being tasered
Jacksonville authority said, man, did you see the...
I'm sure you must have seen the video that Polish guy in Vancouver
That they tasered and he died
Yeah
Yeah, about 4,000 times they showed that
Because they had it
Jacksonville authority said, man, died after being tasered with a struggle with police
But Jacksonville Sheriff's Office spokesman says an officer pulled over the man's car
But when the officer approached, they took off running
The officer cut up with him during a struggle
A authority say the officer used his taser to send you the video that they had done
Now come on, come on, come on, come on
Rescue workers checked the man, cleared him to be placed in the back of a police car
And the sheriff's office said that he became unresponsive
He was saved by the hospital where he was pronounced
Dead
And on top of see his plan, the man's name has been released
It's not clear why he was pulled over
Or I think we do know why he's dead
And in Maryland, a 20-year-old man died yesterday morning after a share step
He used the taser on him to break up a fight
The Frederick County Sheriff's Office reports
And you still didn't feed me that, don't tas me bro
No, I never did
Jesus, K. Craig
Don't tas me bro
The man was identified as Gerald Gray of Lads circled by his mother Tanya Thomas
Who spoke to a news post reporter
I don't understand this whole deal
What?
All these people with last names that don't match their parents names
I don't know, James Gerald Gray, welcome to America
A fight was reported in a 7,000 block of Gresham Court East
And you're pressed with Boulevard and Frederick Merlin about 454 yesterday morning
The first deputy on the scene found four people fighting outside and deployed a taser striking Gray
He fell on the ground when conscious was given first aid on the scene
And then taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital where he was later pronounced dead
The Frederick Police Department is assisting the Sheriff's Office of the investigation
The deputy whose name was not released and been passed on
Placed on administrative leave with pay
Well, that seems to be the new battle cry of the tansed of America and North America
I'm dying over here
Right
Barack Obama's got 137, Dennis Gussettich, 129
And swillery 115
Swillery seems to be doing better with our crowd now that you didn't the past
Do you think that's a little bit of a bandwagon effect?
I don't know
Or maybe they like her
Oh my god, what a thought
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama called on his rival for the nomination
Senator Swillery Clinton to put a rest to report that agents of her campaign
are spreading word of alleged scandal involving Obama
She of all people having complained so often about politics of personal destruction
should move quickly to either stand by or we announce these tactics of Obama said
and a statement released by his campaign on Saturday
Obama's comments stem from a newspaper column by the anxious journalist Robert Novak
published Saturday Novak claimed that Syracuse for Clinton have mounted a word of mouth campaign among Democratic circles
regarding scandalous information of Clinton campaigns about Obama
Novak said that experienced veterans of Democratic politics believe the Clinton campaigns
withholding the release of information because it wants to avoid a replay of the
2004 nomination fight when attacks on each other by Dick Kenthart and Howard Dean
were credited with assisting the rise and eventual nomination of another candidate
Massachusetts Senator John Amaluser-Kerry
But cause of change in this country will not be deterred to sidetracked by the old Swiftboat
politics the Illinois Senator went on to stand the statement but in the interest of our party and her own reputation
Senator Clinton should either make public any and all information referred to in the atom
or concede the truth that there is not
we have no idea what Mr. Novak's item is about and rejected totally Clinton
campaign spokesman Phil Singer told CNN over the weekend instead of pointing fingers
that I said at Obama should get back to the issues
and focus on what this election is really all about
but I mean that I move into a scam
well who knows remember that story I had last week about this is scandal brewing out there
and they weren't talking about the John Edwards one
lots of scandals brewing baby just like your morning coffee it's a brewing
let's all go to Starbucks and say what the hell
did you see the segment on 60 minutes last night
would lessly stall about fast food oh yeah
yeah fast food isn't it
it was fascinating I mean we knew that it was way more fast food
yeah it was very informative and interesting I mean
get out of here it was informative interesting
okay what was it then
more of the same crap
I mean there was a lot of stuff that we already knew but there were stuff that we didn't know
and I mean most people don't give a crap how many calories there are in the big
Mac or whatever other crap there are no the part that was interesting is uh is
and it didn't know what they don't talk about the really dangerous stuff like those fries
right no the part that's interesting is like the subway stuff that you think
that you're eating something healthy but you're not
why you want to talk to all that stuff yeah
hey Jared you're fair with you know what I'm talking about
what a flamer he is yeah screamer screamer
you just look at him and you see gay written out nothing there's anything wrong with that
although in his case I would make an exception I would disagree I think there is something
desperately wrong gay with him
and it's not the uh no gay no not that just there's something he's
not all there I don't think maybe too much subway
I don't want to be knocking subway because they might spend some money on a radio station
I don't want to do that do they advertise with us you know
oh I can't say remember hearing a commercial bottom
well we don't want to preclude the possibility because maybe our fine sales
departments out there knocking on their door right now although I doubt it I sure doubt it
oh and ten fish loose again oh that's bad
the perfect season continues and of course they go
although you know something they played Pittsburgh next week and didn't the jets just want to
beat in Pittsburgh yesterday in New York though
but I mean stevers I think are uh bogus
what do you think George about the stevers don't I'm only interested in the SEC
oh and don't tell me the Hurricanes got beat 44 to 14 on Saturday oh no
hey my prediction was 50 to seven so wow 44 to 14 aren't we
cursed down here gentlemen and the Panthers lost a Carolina 2 to 1
and the heat the heat finally won another game but they're they can't win a fixed game
they suck now waits back double you okay they suck
almost seven hundred votes on here I have a feeling I could be wrong I have a feeling that you'll be squealing
when we get to the two o'clock we're gonna have that thousand votes today on just a couple days before
Thanksgiving or less and two days before the trend comes out the ratings on Wednesday morning
there's gonna be a lot of moaning and groaning across the street
I'm gonna take a photo more well best
you don't need to know what you're doing
you're the only one who's the lack of audience
please support leader
you're the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
the only one
we did
the only one
we did
in
the sections
I didn't like that question
when doing here I'm with testability now Y' More on
go ahead and ask ya question
Okay, while you're all spoiled, hold some it in dogdo.
Ow, that white smoke.
I didn't like that question either.
Ow, hoo hoo hoo hoo.
What's that book you're holding?
Ow!
Let me see that.
Sport-holed guide, de fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine!
Ow!
I don't even want it, ain't.
Ow!
That was crap.
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Stop it now!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Don't taste me, mo.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Put it there, chum.
Ow!
Oh, hoo hoo hoo hoo.
Ow!
I got your taste in now!
Oh, hoo hoo hoo hoo.
Oh, hoo hoo hoo.
Now, see.
Oh, hoo hoo hoo.
And you like it, yeah?
Oh, hoo hoo hoo.
Did that taste up?
Ow!
Oh, hoo hoo hoo.
Ow!
Oh, hoo hoo hoo.
Ow!
Remember, one thing about Moe, he did not steal no pieces.
Just don't forget about that, no piece here.
1032 at 560 WDQM, we're zipping right along here, and we're going to make our thousand
votes on the poll today, and we're going to have a big book on Wednesday morning, a big
trend, you think?
No.
I'm a pro.
I'm a pro.
I'm a pro.
I'm a pro.
Things.
Hey, it's not important that we succeed until they fail across the street.
718 on the poll, old bean.
Oh, yeah.
We got a thousand, look, can't you do the math in your head, Chris?
You know the way it works.
If we have over 800 by noon, they were going to get, we're in.
We're good to go.
Plus this isn't, I mean, how difficult is this?
It's already the 19th and November baby, we're less than a year away from the presidential
election.
People should be all whipped up, like this is really going to change our lives.
No.
At least it pushes on that something, pushing this crowd of Nazis.
Speaking of Nazis, a Roman Catholic religious order has agreed to pay $50 million to more
than 100 Alaska natives who were led sexual abuse by Jizzle with priests, a lawyer for the
accuser said yesterday turned it day.
You know, ten are up to the start for just a second.
I'm thinking about Scan Cameron.
Every game when he has a decision to make, like the play yesterday on fourth and goal
from the one yard line, well, I guess they were already back on the two.
And it's start with the running play that starts 15 yards in the back field and moves
12 yards in the play and turn the ball over.
Nice going Scan, the scamster, this may echo our football coach, okay?
Give me a break.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, and ten.
The fish gets squished again.
Anyway, getting back to this.
The settlement with the Oregon province, you know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, that was the turning point of the game.
It was, it looked like they were going to make a big comeback.
Surprise, not.
The settlement with the Oregon province of the society of Jesus is the largest one yet
against the Catholic religious order said, Anchorage lawyer, Ken Russo, who called it a
great day for 110 victims.
These are people who were altar boys and altar servers and altar girls, Russo said.
These are people who tried to tell their story in many instances where beaten or told
a shut up and told how can you say such things about a man of God.
The settlement doesn't require the order to admit fault, Russo said.
None of the priestware were criminally charged.
The settlement announcement is premature because some issues need to be finalized and the very
reverend John Whitney, not just Reverend, but the very Reverend.
What does that mean?
I don't know, he's extremely from.
Oh, provincial superior of the society of Jesus, Oregon province, which covers Oregon,
Washington, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska.
When those issues are resolved, we'll be able to be available for more complete discussion
of the matter, Whitney said, a prepared statement.
He described the settlement announcement as premature and detrimental.
Russo said issues involving the plaintiffs have been resolved.
The only issues that remained were with the religious orders and insurer, he said.
Russo provided the associated press with an email sent Friday from Dick Hansen.
The lawyer representing the religious order, it reads, this email will confirm that a settlement
has been reached.
The settlement calls for $50 million to be paid to the plaintiffs' claimants in exchange
for releases of all claims against the Jesuit defendants.
$50 million.
And the email Hansen says he's glad to put this matter to rest.
Hansen did immediately return a call from the APC.
Can comment.
That's Dick.
The sexual abuse allegations involved 13 or 14 clerics and spent nearly 30 years from
1961 to 87 were so said that children's ages range from five years to teenage, from
five-year-old kids to teenagers.
Despite all this, no Catholic religious leader has yet to admit that the problem priests
were dumped in Alaska for our clients, the settlement represents a long overdue acknowledgement
of the truth of their stories of abuse, stories that until today were largely denied and
be little bi-apologized for the abusers, Russa said.
What's this thing you just sent me?
Oh, PRL on Asgard.
We'll give 10 minutes a second.
The Catholic Church first was notified of the Alaska cases of abuse in 2002, Russa said,
the cases do not include those against the diocese of Fairbanks which owned and managed
the churches and the villages in rural Alaska where the Jesuit priests were assigned.
Those 135 lawsuits have been reduced to 10.
Those cases are expected to be mediated in December.
So there's more than just a 50 million.
As they say in Alaska, that's just the tip of the iceberg.
PRRALF and WIFE says, you're in business, you should write for a travel magazine, we went
to Amsterdam, we took the train to Berlin, took the train to Berlin, oh my god.
What have you done?
What?
Did you say who long?
It's far.
The train from Amsterdam to Berlin is waste of a whole day, hours and hours, and we were
both places for 10 days.
We didn't eat in a place called Heffers across from the Grasshopper Cafe, the food was great,
and a burger, another joint was also very good.
Across from the Grasshopper, that's right up the street from Dirty Nellies.
Bilbo shop.
Again, thank you for both suggestions, especially the one to go to Berlin.
George has to go to Amsterdam, had a hood PR, say I told you, I should be a travel agent.
I mean, lucky it takes a genius to know you're going to have a wonderful time, and you have
to be like a dead person, not have a good time in those places.
And of course in South Florida we have so many of the walking dead, so stay the hell out
of those places, okay, if you want to have a good time, go to like Ebor City would be good,
or maybe St. Petersburg, not Russia, Florida.
736 votes on our presidential poll, man.
This is where everybody's going to be all whipped up at 739.
You see how they're coming in in chunks, Chris?
Yep.
We can be approaching 800 by 11 o'clock, forget about 12 o'clock.
Of all the people running for prison, who be your choice?
Barack Obama 146.
Little Dennis Gussettich 143, take that with several grains of morten's self.
It's freaked.
There's a creep who's doing the creep.
Hillary 120, Ron Paul 72.
You know who Ron Paul, I always think of David Paul.
Ron?
They leave him.
Every time I, not the day of anything in common, but just the name and Ron Paul, David
Pleysig.
George Paul.
George Paul Mason.
That was the program director in Albion that was running down the stairs with the
police pants up from doing a big dump.
Getting ready to do the news.
Ron Paul 72, Janet, word 61, Rudy Giuliani 51, Joe Biden 42, Bill Richardson 28.
Nunvi above 26.
Michael Bell 12, Mitt Romney, only 11, Fred Thompson 11, Chris Dodd 7, Mike Huckabee
5, and poor John McCain, the man with no brain, he's still got
Salimente Cuentro, only four.
Poor John, how times, how the mighty have fallen, right?
Remember what's a ponder time was supposed to be strictly between McCain and
Giuliani, remember those days?
That's right.
Now he could have went to fixed elections like the dolphins could have went to fixed
game.
742 on there.
Wow.
This is going to be some hell of a weekend boy.
Jesse Aggra are going to be out on Thursday and he is going to do a sensational job.
Welcome.
The best talent.
You know his new projects, 4.
Radio 560 QAM.
Thanks.
Fourth leader.
Yeah, get baby.
This is an ABC News special report of presidential news conference.
George, what are you talking about?
Now John, my response is, I'm sure something will pop into my head here and this is
press conference, all the pressure of trying to come over that answer, but hadn't yet.
He's put me under the spot here and maybe I'm not quick as quick on my feet as I should
be and coming up with one.
But I think there's a, I think that maybe I need to learn to communicate better.
This has been a presentation of ABC News.
1044 560.
So speaking of the great job they're doing across the street with everything they touch
like the Panther broadcast, for example.
I have a spy report.
You know that two games in last week that the Panthers played weren't televised either
by them or by the other team, Carolina and Atlanta.
Did that other?
Yeah.
That's a good way to build a fan base, don't televised some of the games, but at any rate
I was the Atlanta game that they lost in overtime.
So on the ticket across the street which now has the Panther games that nobody listens
to, they go to a commercial break and they came back and they went and gold had already
been scored by Atlanta.
How do you like that?
They missed the goal.
Yeah.
Did they just recreate the goal?
And Randy, more Randy or Randy?
I didn't hear it, but I had a spy report.
Randy or Randy came back like, oh well the game is over.
I had to just score like that.
Nice going there.
Joel, whatever your name is.
Everything you touch turns to pure Schmidt.
No matter how much money you have daddy pour into it, it turns to you're the Schmidt
Meister.
Go beat up that girlfriend again.
Okay, take out your frustration to that poor bitch.
Senators have left town for the Thanksgiving holiday, but the Senate will technically stay
in session and move the keeps president Bush from making appointments while lawmakers
are in recess.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, the went from Nevada, said he would schedule pro-form
assessments during the two week break, even though lawmakers will be absent and no
business will be conducted.
Probably some monkey business.
The Constitution gives a president the power to fill the vacancies without the Senate's
confirmation money, legislative bodies and recess, such appointees can serve without
confirmation who the rest of the current session in Congress, which ends in January
2009.
Bush has used the power before to install nominees whose confirmation Senate Democrats
had blocked the most notable instance came in August 2005 when he angered Democrats
by naming John Bolton as you an ambassador, crazy John Bolton with a crazy mustache.
Always be really nervous about people with crazy mustaches like Gene Charlotte.
Is he dead by the way?
Gene Charlotte?
I don't think so.
No, I don't think so either.
Well, how do you know?
We'd have heard something.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe Marshall knows.
Marshall always used to bring back good Charlotte.
My hope is that this will prompt the president to see that it's in our mutual interest
for the nomination process to get back on track, Reid said in the statement.
Reid said the Bush administration had informed him that several recess appointments will
be made during the Thanksgiving break.
At the same time, Reid said the White House has been unwilling to confirm nominations
democratically as suggested for agencies such as the FCC, federal agency, federal energy
regulatory and nuclear regulatory commissions.
I indicated I'd be willing to confirm various appointments if the administration would agree
to move on democratic appointments.
He said they wouldn't make that commitment as a result.
I'm keeping the Senate in pro-former session to prevent recess appointments until we get
this process back on track.
Get it on the track, baby.
I'll take the three over to four five six and the seven broken to start and knock the
six so it's the starting game.
Seven sixty on the pool.
Poor fat rich man, you know, he's we was fat and now he's dead.
Yeah, that happens a lot.
So that story would mostly stall us.
That's too bad it was more informative and actually said something.
People don't care, okay?
Most people don't care.
In fact, people who count calories and are concerned about their health, they don't
eat at those places.
Who are those people?
About ten of them.
You want to answer that?
Probably some of them are the...
They're healthy.
They're healthy.
I didn't say they were healthy.
I said that they're, you know, in their diet calories.
They're not counting calories.
They're nitpickers and nitpickers.
There are a lot of people fat, pasty and nemic.
Fat vegetarians?
You've never seen them.
No.
Are you kidding me?
No, the vegetarians, I see them.
They eat rice and they eat hot and they eat beans and they eat all these carbs.
Beans, yes.
They clear them.
Right.
They stay down into those bastards.
765 on a pool.
Boy, I tell you, I don't know what's going on here today.
I get the feeling, I'm probably wrong, but I get the feeling that something's happening.
Probably because of footy.
You think footies got foods for his clutes?
For his cleats?
Cleats for his foot?
He's...
You know something, I've never heard him in my life.
Never heard the man in my life.
I can't say that I have it.
How about you, Chris?
You ever heard of footy?
I've maybe heard him.
He was on Y100.
No, that's what I'm talking about.
I'm certainly not talking about the swirly's doing now.
And?
Nothing stands out really.
So...
What does that mean?
I was never in it.
Y100?
And it was the morning show, wasn't it?
Right.
So usually I was either at school or at school.
Yeah, the watch's name was on with a milk.
Kenny Walker?
Yeah, I never heard Kenny on Y100.
I heard Kenny this weekend.
On the coast?
On the coast.
Was he coasting?
Right along.
Was he mailing it in?
He was femaleing it in.
Was he puking back to the middle of the day?
Back to the middle of the day.
He sounded just like him.
Yeah.
A puker.
He's a puker, baby.
And I sure puked when I saw those numbers.
Those guys put up what kind of a lead in that was that.
And I was like, that was following the test pattern
as to what that was.
Back in the early days of TV,
we used to have a thing called the test pattern.
And there was an Indian head.
I don't know what the significance was of that.
Maybe if you Google it, you can ensure you can find pictures of it.
Yeah, obviously.
Huh?
The Indian head, right?
Yeah, well, what was the significance of that?
I don't know.
Whoever was responsible for that was probably...
Mefo.
Mefo.
So as Mefo completely off the aircross the street or what?
Is he out?
I don't know, each.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
I don't know how he can afford to be out on the beach
that booze your cost a lot of money.
760, uh, some odd.
770.
Of the people running for president, who's your choice?
Barack Obama, 151.
Dennis Cassini, 143.
And I guarantee 100 of those are bogus.
Probably Al Raj is sitting out there,
clicking over and over and over again.
You think?
I don't know.
I mean, I'm sure of it.
Him and a few others.
143 for little Dennis.
Swirlery 125 and then after that it's small potatoes.
Ron Paul 77, I know it was 63.
Really Giuliani 53.
Guess what was on last night again?
I want one of my movie channels?
The Godfather.
Huh.
And I watched some of it again too.
I can't believe it.
Where's Michael?
Where is Michael?
Joe Biden 44.
None of the above 32.
It was Michael who killed Salatso.
Microwave L14, Mitt Romney 11, Fred Thompson 11, Chris Doddy, Mike Huckabee 5.
John McCain still stuck it for out of 770 votes.
Nobody wants no McCain.
You have to be insane to vote for McCain.
I'm going to learn a casino business pop.
Of course, out of the protection of Dodd-Franchesco of LA.
He's going to Vegas under the protection of John Franchesco of LA.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
How do you like that?
Uh-huh.
I knew it was you, Fredo.
Do we have that?
I sure do.
I do.
I knew it was you.
Oh yeah, that's right.
We do have that.
I know it was you, Fredo.
You broke my heart.
You did what?
You broke my heart.
I broke my heart.
Actually, when I tuned in, it was right around the time when he was shooting.
He was sitting there at the dinner table.
And, um, what was the name of the, uh, Luigi's?
All right.
In the Bronx?
Louis.
Yeah, Louis in the Bronx.
And he was sitting there at the table and he had that look on his face.
Because he was just about to pull that gun out of his pocket and blow the effort.
The first one right through was Solazzo's head.
And then, of course, Makroski.
Who was in the middle of eating that veal the best in the city.
But I'm banging and he shot him a second time.
And then he walked away and he tossed that gun.
One with the tape all over the handle.
Uh-huh.
So, uh-huh.
Right.
So, the finger prints, yeah.
To avoid those, uh, pain in the ass bystanders.
I looked at a lot on purpose.
Scarrow-way and he painted the ass in his advice.
Right.
Not Clemens, a man.
He was great.
He was great.
See, the fact people are great, then they die.
He's dead.
Right.
What your face is along?
Uh-huh.
He's dead.
Clemens, uh, did we ever see him again after the godfather?
Was that...
I didn't see him, you know, but I don't get out much anymore.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
The five-died last Wednesday at Stanford Hospital due to a fast of more than four months to protest the power of oil companies and his gas prices of protractor highs in California.
He was fasting to protest and now he's dying. He's dead.
I guess he got his way.
And as former Marine the station, where two years ago he posted a sign that read, consumers paying his big-world's unearned profit.
Customers have erected a memorial of flowers, cards, and signs for proclaiming love and appreciation.
Until a court decision last month that gave Sheldigo control over his final station, Shabbazi was positive he would prevail, said his nephew, Cos-I-Gear, of Marina.
Sound like a bunch of terrorists to me.
But the news devastated him and his self-traumatically declined.
Shabbazi was born in Krumanshaw, the Kurdish region of Iran.
The youngest of five children immigrated to the U.S. and his 20s working at his brother's gas station in the L.A. probably under the protection of Don Francesco.
He came here with nothing of G-Ears, said he was a self-made individual.
By the early 70s Shabbazi opened his own station in the moderate bay area, patrons loved to hang out there with him because of his sense of humor as nephew said,
sometimes customers who could not pay for gas got their gas for free.
Santino, don't interfere.
Shabbazi joined 44 other dealers who sued ex-Son over it and she's dead, right Morgana King?
Yes.
Oh, what a shame, that's because she was fat too.
Right.
Too much of that pasta, honey.
Basta la pasta.
Mami little dinner.
Shabbazi joined 44 other dealers who sued ex-Son over gas pricing on a partial victory, oh, G-Ears said.
They took on Shell two years ago handing out flyers accusing oil companies of manipulating gas prices and trying to drive franchise owners like himself out of Venice.
He passed out business cards that read pumping mad above his phone number and website.
He had hoped to spur a transaction lawsuit forcing oil companies to pay refunds to customers.
Shell ordered him to take downsides criticizing oil companies and ensued him. Shabbazi countersued claiming freedom of speech.
Shell terminated his lease and Shabbazi acting his own lawyer took him to court.
He took on five attorneys hired by the oil giant.
Although his gas pumps were franced off, he sold snacks and car washers and his dumb money out of the station.
Every day ten or twenty paid for and stopped by the cheer-man.
Yet friends and family were to give up his lawsuit and later his life threatening his life threatening fast.
At one point, Shell offered him 650 grand to abandon his fight.
He turned it down.
Would you turn down the 650 grand to go on a fast and wakirya?
Uh, no.
If it will kill me?
Yeah, let me think about it.
He lost his home to foreclosure and his wife and one son moved to southern California.
In June, he began a liquid only fast.
He was hospitalized in late September and died last Wednesday of liver failure.
A private service is being held in Fremont today.
He was kind, wise and generous beyond imagination, said Jeffrey Cohen, a Selenist physician in Mechabazi, as a patient who remained a friend for thirty-two years.
I want people to know he wasn't crazy.
He used what he felt was the last nonviolent method of protest he could muster.
He was expressing what we all feel.
Discussed at nausea and thank you, Mr. President, for those low bargain-based and gas presses
and that crappy worthless American dollar.
You can't start a loan.
You know the truth.
You know the answer is Bushy.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names, the best talent.
Oh, and you're home for Miami Dolphin's subclaw.
5.60 WQAM.
Miami.
Cornelanderdale.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is a dream.
This is a dream.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
I know that the soldier will be there.
A conflicts or a dog.
Well, he's still becoming out of parented ideas.
For little planes in at the same time
Will he be thin and rude?
Or still be fat?
Or will he adopt a cat?
I don't think he'll want to
Move back to Florida
When new 69
Go to the Lord of the Lord of the Earth
And boy boy boy
Go to the Lord of the Earth
Make you just stand with you
Slept in a round
In his underwear
And then I'll laugh
And syndicated worldwide on the satellite
Or just no wait for the beastlies to die
Will he be spending most of his time?
Lungin at Fort Bine
Keeping his time filled
Rewriting his last will
When the old 16-year-old
If he's gonna spend a lot of hot times
In the town of Eulid
Or is that too quick?
Just till the end old age you
A must hold a cranky girl
With olive oils in his shoe
The Lord the Lord the Lord the Lord
A must hold a boy
Or the Lord the wind
Will he retire or be on the air?
On spot hole radio
Will he win Lotto or marry young Puckle
Went new 16-9
Boy
Fish gets fish again and out of your own chain
Let it out till it's 5-60
The paint fits on the other hand
Just punished just
Pumbled buffalo life's 95 and nothing
It was great
801
What did I tell you by 11 o'clock
We'd be over 800 votes already
We got the thousand lick Mr. Chris
How do you like that?
Sounds good I mean
Well there you go
Richard Salvatore Castellano
Born September 4th 1933
died
On December 30th 10th 1988
Born in the Bronx his greatest fame came from playing the part of
Vito Corollione's Capo
Pete Clemens and the Godfather
His most famous quote from the film is
At least a good
Technical only
Said after witnessing the murder of a Pauli Gato
Pauli
Remember Pauli?
Sure what's the end of it?
Pauli wants to hear him
He also appeared on television
Time to lead role of Joe Jorolli
In the TV sitcom The Super
Castellano was nominated for an Academy Award for
Best Supporting Actor for his role in
Lovers and Other Strangers
You see that?
No
Well there you go there's something to watch
To seek Clemens
Richard Castellano died from a heart attack of the age of 55
Well only 55
Fat to fat baby
Too fat
All those stories that we get about
Well fat isn't as bad for you as they said
Right now it's really good for you
It's good to have all your arteries on your organs
Like surrounded by giant colabs of fat
Oh man
But nevertheless who might have talked
Asked me if I'm losing any more weight
He losing it okay
So my friend Paul in the Gables my good buddy he says
Sends me this Indian had test card
And there it is there's a picture of the test pattern
See those of us old enough to remember the really early days of TV
All the stations and I give me all of them would sign off
You know like you had midnight or one in the morning
Whatever after that last show was broadcast
They would sign off until like five or six in the morning
And what would happen is they would play the star spangled banner
And then
Uh, you know, and they would show like the flag or some
Crap, you know, whether we're playing the music or
And then they would sign off and the test pattern would come on
Now this is probably a little bit too much information
There's like 700 pages here about the Indian head test card
The Indian head was a black and white TV test pattern that was introduced in 1939
By RCA of Harrison, New Jersey as part of the RCA TK-1 Monoscope
What?
20th century television became so important socially that this mere technical image
Covertly identified as a branded industrial product has become a historical cultural icon
Its name comes from the art of an American Indian featured on the car
And what's that engine doing on there?
And what's he doing there?
Yeah, I read some stuff but I didn't say why he was on there either
No, of course not
Why did you read this thing that I just got from Paul?
If it's from Wikipedia, yes
Hey, Paulie, no, it's from, yeah, it's from Wikipedia
The Indian head test pattern became familiar to large TV audiences that have watched TV sets from 1947 on
The Indian head would often follow the formal TV stations sign off after the West National Anthem
So what I just said, the Indian head pattern was also used in Canada following the Canadian National Anthem
Sign off an evening
Oh Canada
The test pattern could be seen after sign off while the station was still transmitting
Scene while transmitting prior to a typical 6A inform
It was really exciting for me
I give up, well I don't want to know
That's not bad, oh
No, not that kind of a sin
Oh, almost though
Yes, what kind of gas I get for the Apaniac?
Regular
No, I'm not well, yeah, but I'm talking about the brand
Indian head
So
Okay, why is that exciting?
When the last time in the States you saw me, now it's Exxon, right?
They've been Exxon for like three years
Yeah, here it's still So and the Leafs Hockey used to be broadcast by Imperial SO dealers from coast to coast to coast to Canada
Well, that's exciting for you, you really do need to get out more
I didn't say it's true, it doesn't make sense
It's that almost
This is exciting
I like going gas in and off baby
Only a dollar one a liter
385 or something like that a gallon
Or can be more and that's for regular
I didn't even want to look and see what it is for a high test, oh my god
The test, see it's a good thing you talk me into getting that solstice man, that little opaque
Forcionder, you got to crank it up
The test pattern could be seen after sign off all the station was still transmitting
Seemal transmitting prior to a typical 6AM formal sign on
Or seen from any morning hours on newer low budget stations that typically begin with
They local programs around 10 or 11 a.m
During the late 1950s this test pattern began to be seen for
gradually less weekly time after fewer sign-offs on fewer stations
And for shorter periods in the morning because
Nor TV equipment required less adjusting
In later years the test pattern was transmitted for as little as a minute after a studio sign-off
While the transmitter engineer logged readings and then turned off the power
Shut that baby off
Remember that when we used to work at stations where you'd turn the transmitter off and go home
I did my first radio show I did
I done it was my job to turn it off and or turn it on depending on the shift I was working
Really had to warm it up
Toward the end of the Indian head TV or there was no nightly test pattern on some stations
Typically when automatic logging and remote transmitter controls
Allowed shutdown of power immediately after the formal sign-off
After an immediate transmitter power off a USA or Canadian viewer heard a loud audio hiss
Like FM radio interference no noise
Inter and saw an impression of fast-liquering black bugs on a cool white background
What a great way to describe it
Fast-liquering black bugs on a cool white background
You came you were saw snow on black after sound off instead of bugs on white
Because the receivers use positive rather than USA Canada negative video modulation
Don't you think this is a little bit too much information but it's kind of interesting though
Not real interesting
So you're here or less so dealers from coast to coast
Hockey that in Canada let's get some hockey on there baby
And let's see if they can cut off the game before it's over again across the street
I
I
I
I
I
Is there a guitar hero in you guitar hero three legends of rock ready to see for team
Wow
Ready to be for boring
When USA broadcast is transition to color TV the SM PTE color bars is super seed. Oh, that's right. That's what we used to get the end of the day in
Color the color bars remember that
Yeah
And still the engine test pattern on there we used to get the color bars on the screen
In Sweden the Indian head was used in transmissions from the Royal Institute of Technology from
1948 to November 50 when it was replaced by Sparigia's television test card whatever that is those Swedes man real anti-Semites
The primary and critical Indian head test pattern was not a card now
This is way too much information was generated directly as a monochrome video signal by using an opaque metal cathode
Ray tube known as a monoscope. I thought that's what they stuck up your rectum when they do a monoscopy
Which had perfectly proportioned copy of the test pattern inside
permanently deposited as a carbon-avage on an aluminum target plate
This perfect copy a lot all of these studio or controller video play on picture monitors and
Television sets to be identically adjusted for minimum distortions such as oval instead of circles wow
Everybody else is gotta get by first
Defending itself
Boy, it's the Marley's baby. Let's anybody care about the Marley's oh test patterns
We're also broadcasted in the public daily. There will be a regular adjustments by home TV set owners and TV shop repair technicians
Maybe there's something on the hockey channel. We want to get a lot of hockey on today
See if we can't blow away whatever 50 people we got left. No, there's nothing on there. They're just talking stats
Would you think that would finish this off hockey stats? Oh, let's do it
Or we can always take a look at the erasing from Thurberat racing from Woodbine
Second races of mating claiming uh made in two-year-old Phillies versus 22 grand
They're on
Come on you can do it Danny. Come on Danny. They're on
Come on. It's only a four-hour show for per day. They're out the polls. Oh
He didn't say he will now
They're on
They're off
Anyway, the original artwork come fell. It's completed for RCA by an artist named Brooks August 23rd 1938
Wow
Many of these Indian head test cards were saved as souvenirs or works of foul art by contrast nearly all of the hard to open steel monoscope tubes were jumped
With their invisible Indian head test pattern target plate still deep inside and it goes on
Thanks Paul into the Gables, but a little bit too much
I don't nobody's gonna force me to read all of it you know and the slow starting way
Wiggy Missar. Well, yeah, whatever you said
That's not like Marty Adler. They're fum thing his way through a race call remember when Marty called in on the show that day
Seven years ago when I was down there
No from Windsor raceway sure he did Marty Adler and he asked me if I was Jewish
And I thought to myself Cox el hoi's Marty and quit fum thing so much on the race call
812 votes out our presidential pool baby 815 now they continue coming in in chunks
Of all the people running for president who's your choice
Barack Obama 160 little desca sentenced 153 many of them bogus you can be dan sure that swillery 130
Ron Paul 79 jatted with 66 rooted julie any 56
Joe Biden 46 number of 41 is doing pretty well bill rich is in 29 microbell 15 mid-rown the 11th Fred Thompson 11
Chris dot 8 my cocka b 7 and four john McCain without a brain without a functioning brain still stuck on four
biggest names the best out of two is no
4560 qam the fourth leader chasing you're on qm
We don't have any national guards then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now. Not the national guard
Pardon not the national guard no national guard in Iraq not not there's no national guard no
uh
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
I'm gonna go to the bathroom.
Wow!
1118 at 5.60 WDQAM.
Wow, it's right because you know
its how fast it is but before you know it
We're gonna be sitting down here about 8.30 on Wednesday morning and like a
grasshopper I'm gonna be rubbing my hand legs together you know.
Okay.
In anticipation of whatever's gonna case a rosser rod.
It's gonna be good Joel.
It's gonna be really ugly.
Really nasty looking.
Not as ugly as two guts but then again what is you know.
It's gonna be really even bad.
And then we'll be happy here at QAIM right?
Then we'll have a party.
I mean that's a lot of time ago.
Yeah yeah that was a good funny.
That was B.J. before Joe.
Won't see that no more.
No.
But how about a ratings party if they do really bad across the street.
That's reason to celebrate.
We just want to celebrate baby because they suck across the street and that's all we
care about.
Because nobody cares about anything other than sports.
Well I got a thing from XM Radio in a mail the other day and I don't want to be interested.
They keep calling me and bugging me.
I will not pay for radio.
Not because I'm cheap.
Just because there's nothing on there.
I don't want to hear Oprah.
I don't want to hear Joe Custell.
We're talking about motor cars.
And I don't want to hear about that crap.
You want to hear XM?
Do I?
Do I want to hear 75,000 music channels.
If I want to hear music man the FM here is just fine.
And I don't want to hear music.
I want to hear you know new 680.
I want to hear what's going on in the gardener and on the 427 and on the 401 and on the
Don Valley Parkway and all this crap.
I yell.
I want to know how many thousand streets they got closed down again.
Yesterday was the Santa Parade.
Okay.
Can you believe that?
A little bit early don't you think?
You listen.
Music.
The Christmas music is all over the place.
The Christmas decorations are up everywhere.
The stupid gift wrapping stuff is in the stores everywhere.
And yesterday in Toronto was the Santa Parade.
No.
And of course they also had a home rackers game and a home argos game which they got beat
by the way.
But nevertheless so the whole downtown it was a good day to stay in a watch football
or just or pick your nose because you couldn't go anywhere.
The good thing is on the weekends I get up real early.
I mean real early before there's anybody on the road and I go gas up at my 24 or 7
the association and I go to woodbine real early and every day I win and I come home.
Every day is that shock you or what?
Lately everyone is I'm on a hot streak man.
I'm on fire.
You don't believe me?
I believe you.
What was there 15 minutes yesterday I won 675 bucks and I ran out the door.
I took the ticket and I ran to the door and said bye bye.
Bye bye like John McLaughlin there on that horrible show.
Did you get strip, strip, strip, searched?
What are you talking about?
Remember that one lady that I think was on the show that we were talking about it where
she won some money and they thought she was lying.
You didn't hear about that I guess?
No.
Maybe it was on footy show.
She was on footy.
She was on footy.
Crystal's into the footy show.
Might have been on our morning show maybe.
She won some money.
He had to take it to print it out.
What morning show?
Our morning show.
Now which one?
The Kerrney and Bo?
Yeah it was within the last week.
Kenny and Bo really blow?
No not that one.
The Joros.
Oh Joros.
Jason Jackson yes.
Joros and Jax.
So she hits the print to ticket out.
Doesn't print.
So she goes to grab something.
I think it was like 80 bucks or something like that.
Nothing major.
So she goes to get someone.
They think she's lying.
They bring her into the back.
She's back to like two hours when I strip search her and everything.
Make sure she didn't have the ticket someplace else.
Oh my god.
Welcome.
Exactly.
It's not unusual for a center presidential contenders to miss votes in Washington,
and Senator John Kerry took heed for missing scores of votes in the run up to the 2004
election.
Senator Swalloway Clinton has voted in just seven of the 23 votes in last month.
But the Maverick Arizona, who was once seen leading the pack for the 2008 Republican
nomination, Senator John McCain is confidently leading the pack of missed votes.
In July, the Washington Post revealed that McCain had missed 42 votes in a row.
Today a rule call revealed that McCain has made just three out of 23 votes in last
month twice on a judicial nominee and nother to block expansively state-to-run self-insurance
program bill.
As one Republican leadership paid total roll call, the December legislative calendar will
look like Swiss cheese because we're going to have to work around the candidate's schedules.
McCain made three or 13% of the last 22 votes, leading the Republican pack in absences,
really juliennied Mitt Romney of course, aren't in the Senate.
On the Democratic side, Chris Dodd has made five or 22% of the votes in the past four
weeks.
Senator Barack Obama, six or 26% he's made, Swalloway Clinton, seven, that's 30%.
How many?
About 30, man.
Senator Joe Biden has made nine or 39%.
Many of the Democrats votes came only in the last few days, taking late night flights
to catch a hatchback of votes last Friday, two votes centered on the Warren Iraq.
A spokesman for a Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told the paper that the Democratic
leadership hadn't yet rescheduled Senate business to accommodate the four Senate candidate
schedules.
Senator Reid is competent if he needs their votes, so they're where everything they can
to come back.
Right.
Hold your breath.
Take a deep breath now.
Yeah, Zyna Miracle, baby.
As Clemens said, I guess that was his most famous line, huh?
Everybody knows that line.
Sure, it leaves a good.
Take the canoli.
Take the canoli.
And he had too many canoli, baby, too many.
Clemens said he died.
He was only 55.
Great actor.
Great.
Not good.
Great.
At least he was in that movie.
I don't know.
I've never seen the other stuff.
I didn't see that.
What was it, the super?
I got the super.
I hit the super.
That's why I was thinking about Fat Rich when I read that.
I hit the super.
He would go up to tables of strangers.
People had never saw him before in their lives.
And I got the super.
You know, like who cares, Rich?
He sit down and shut up.
Well, why do people do that?
I don't know.
I guess he had issues, you know what?
I mean, you're a hundred years here and I went to the track together.
I would say.
At least 25.
Okay.
At least 25.
And I'm just not one of those people that's nosy because I'm afraid I'm afraid of the
answers I'm going to get to the questions.
You know what I mean?
In other words, sometimes less information is better because I didn't think he was like
an axiomer or something like that.
And after he died, I found a lot of really bizarre.
In fact, I'll tell you tomorrow morning before the show.
844.
We had a lot of fun all those years, losing our ass in the track.
We had a lot of good times.
Come on, Brucey.
Hit him.
I'll use some of a bitch.
844 vote of the people running for president, which is your choice.
Hey, Wally, you're lost again out there, Wally.
Barack Obama, 164.
Dennis Cassinus, 157.
He comes up to Georgia's kneecap.
He's a funny little guy.
Hillary 135, swillow exuse me.
Ron Paul, 79.
John Edwards, 69.
Rudy Giuliani, 57.
Joe Biden, 48.
He's Biden this time.
None of the above 47.
Bill Richardson of New Mexico.
Oh, third, man.
Michael Vell, 15.
Fred Thompson, 13.
Mitt Romney, 11.
Chris Dot 8.
Mike Huckabee, 7.
And guess who's still?
I mean, the vote total is incredible.
Even Chris would have met that.
We got 847.
We're going to go way over 1,000 today.
Yeah, we started.
We started sucking the hind leg.
We didn't have a start with like five something, didn't we?
Let's probably about six maybe.
That's about 600.
Uh-oh.
He was apparently sentenced today to 24 hours in jail.
I Tyson in here.
Three years probation for drug possession and driving under the influence.
Tyson had pleaded guilty in September, as you may remember, to a single felony count
of three.
Yeah, I say just shoot him already.
Let's get on a more important business.
We're cutting the ground.
The best talent.
You're a museum rocket.
4205, 60QAM.
The sports leaders.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
Maybe I'm just an old sour pus right now. Maybe that's my problem. I don't think so. He just I'm just burned out on
Mike Tyson and OJ
I'm burned out on these people, you know once the comeback always just come back when you get to the fight
Yeah, that's not a bad idea. I
Peter watch that I'd pay to watch Tyson knocked the crap out of OJ
You know be fun that would be pay-per-view baby raises a serious cash and then maybe Fred Govind get a little piece
You know at this stage of things I don't know. I'm just a little suspicious
I think maybe Fred wants some of that cash, you know what I mean? I mean not that he's not entitled to it
But I think he wants to money honey
I'm just speaking of people with weird mustaches. Well, what is that all about? Why do people do that?
Why do some guys go out of their way to make themselves look strange? You know what I mean?
I mean I don't have to go out of my way all I got to do is just present myself. How do people do? It's called you know fashion
They want to be individuals
They got this style
But didn't somebody tell him that that kind of mustache went out with Hitler in the Charlie Charlie old guy, you know
Jerry Kalona. That's old school old school
The first authoritative pull of the aspirations and attitudes of Cuba's people reveals an overwhelming desire
To elect the successors of an El Castro says the protomocracy group that conducted a poll
The poll which was secretly conducted in Cuba by the international Republicans to the IRI
Show 79% of Cubans do not believe the current government can fix the problem in space in the country and 74% want to vote on
Castro's successor
It's kind of like a nose under the tent of the real Cuba said, I said James Roberts a research fellow at the Heritage Foundation
Who served 25 years in the state department focusing on Latin America a research fellow
It gives what your intuition would tell you that people must be thinking in their hearts of heart of hearts
Oh, do I hate that expression in their heart of hearts?
That this 50-year-old regime of tyranny is not something people would like to live under for another 50 years among the full findings
41% of Cubans believe the situation in Cuba is going badly or very badly compared with 25% of believe votes going well or very well
77% of Cubans vote a new system of elections 83% of Cubans believe changes to a more
Market-based economy would improve their daily lives
The Cuban interest section in Washington which represents the Cuban government declined to comment on the poll of course
While many Cubans for it said the poll results agree with their own research of attitudes on the island pollsters said the method of
Uses rather on Orthodox
The Institute which promotes democracy around the world and receives funding from Congress employed pollsters who did not tell that early 600 Cubans
They questioned that they were being pulled the pollsters engaged Cubans in conversation with a set list of topics and later
Recorded the rancid kind of like a Zeya, you know like oh, yeah
You know, I mean?
No, we'll pull just like a little chat
Sean Sullivan IRI's program director for Latin America the Caribbean said the method of like humans to speak freely
Conceited the method is unconventional Sullivan said it was the best way to get accurate opinions in a dictatorship
I think they're always concerned that whoever's asking the questions is working on behalf of the regime. He said oh
There are a race to that method Eric Nielsen senior director of media strategies for gallop said pollsters can inadvertently
skew the response during a casual conversation
You're not pushing them down a path, but you're obviously going to get on the level of discussion where your opinions are going to be interjected
He said for example if I said to you if you think Joe Bell is really a disaster in destroying the radio station
I think like a loaded question, you know
By the way, this is about TJ Reeves on Wednesday night. Is that how you say his name?
Sure and on the weekend we've allegedly got sergeant so they were we're auditioning everybody
Maybe if you're alive if you're breathing we got all kinds of openings. We got nine to midnight. We got five to seven
Maybe we'll have ten to two who now knows what's happening with Norma this week, you know
They just you want to think about Norma. He just can't ever get anything done. I keep telling them just get it done
Just do it get it over with already. He can't get it done
He's the no-can-do man
Know that that we got Norma can't that's exactly right. Hey Norma. You're fair Jesus Christ
Anyway, I don't want to read anymore about that too much stuff
They got problems they got issues
865 on our poll we got issues we got the presidential election coming up next November and at least we can say if we're alive by them
If they don't blow the whole planet up by them at least we can say bye-bye Bush and bye-bye Cheney and bye-bye all these
Neocons we hope
These lunatics these right wing extremist these maniacs
Speaking of them in the least
Almost all of God's as tribulants stories bond up with Jalil Abu my days strawberry fields my day may day
HNA ID A E H my day
Strawberry fields here in a far north of the strip between two is the clouds high in the blue sky of us two
Israeli Apache helicopters hover on the outlook for the Kassam rocket launching crews as we bite into the the luscious
Perfectly recommend fruit the Mr. Maida is picked for us. This is by Donald McIntyre of the independent UK
At the end of the neat plantation rose of a high sand bank just inside the Gaza
Town of beat liais border with Israel the ones from which the military
Volvodul village is descended when they last plot up on of his fields before he started planning at the end of August
Hanging on the wall in his two room farm station is a martyr portrait of his 21-year-old son Nile not Neil Nile
Who was killed in May a non-combatant casualty of the savage infighting between Fattah and Hamas
But what is preoccupying Mr. Bide as he surveys his three acres of strawberry plants in this isolated and often dangerous place
Is another peculiarly gousin tragedy a function of the absolute economic and commercial blockade
Which it's been subjected by the total closure by Israel of the main cargo crossing at Karni since June
After Hamas he's controlled the strip his entire crop of low-in-sexicide high-quality fruit scheduled for export from the very
This past weekend across the border into Israel and beyond much of it on route to upscale retailers in Europe would normally fetch him three to four pounds
For kilogram he needs to break even little on make a mod of modest profit
This year it destined to be sold at
A loss he can't possibly sustain for 25 pence or less. I have no idea about that. But currency
And what promises to be as saturated as well as in proper local market. What would pence be like sense? I guess I might it much of it will rot
Much of it will rot of course
In Israel that's what they're saying hubbendrary. He should only rot for the Karni closure
Also means you can't import the extra plastic sheeting he needs to protect the strawberries from rains do any day now
The winter frost a matter of weeks away mr. My day who was uh?
I can't read this next part. We'll simply go bust
The 8,000 families employed in Gaza's production of strawberries cherry tomatoes and carnations the bumper crop
Which is already started to be destroyed instead of instantly
Dutch auction houses for which it was planted will lose their modest income
Instead this proud farmer says with a tinge of contempt in his voice
He and they will just be left to go to the wedding collect food stamps. Wow
I wonder if hungry bogey will be probably want to help them out and get those strawberries
She a kind of the strawberries before I went to bed she and I mentioned
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm still thinking about Robert Francis good god
Wow
That's probably a good poll question for me who did you like better Francis? Oh here are Robert Francis
I mean you know Francis. Oh here the great harness driver in Michigan from flushing Michigan who's once instead or well
He was an old man, you know, I mean I cashed a lot of tickets on him, but the Robert Francis that was a horse of a different color
Hmm
834 we're gonna go over 900 by noon. Wow
Holy moly. Oh, there's a thing. I'm James Brown
I'm gonna be sure miss that what was the big deal within the father of soul James Brown can he sing or what he make any music?
Yeah, like what James Brown had lots of good songs
Like pop has got a brand new bag. Oh my god. Proper's got a brand new band. That's big in most house
Like get up song get up get up. Yeah, yeah, I was yeah this discussion before when Josh was here
I'm just not a James. I know you're not and I know Josh gave me crap. How could anybody not be a James Brown fan? I'm not
Right I know
A lot of screaming
Oh, and so what happened on a Friday by the way, Chris
You know since it said any cave was gonna be on the schedule because oh yeah, no
Obviously that was a mistake exactly
The other clearance mistake everything which just moved up one hour look in the mirror clearance and what do you see a mistake?
Neil Rogers Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom the Idaho Senator later pleaded guilty to disorderly
closeted homosexual so what happened in that men's room?
And Matt I tried to take it in my seat and it was a very very big you knew what you were doing
And it's clearly on the tape map what I said and how I react the tape he's referring to was recorded in a men's room
My pants
Okay, just go to my legs
Yes now take it soliciting anonymous sex guilty
You heard my voice and so that tape is the truth and he jerked me out no
Yes, and I'm going oh oh oh oh oh oh let me stop you for a piece of you
You look finally I began to the gentleman you
This under cover officer yes, I call it gladiator politics senator
I traveled the gay bars in Washington soliciting gay sex absolutely resign senator what you should resign
I won't resign go away no
Go away
145 I hope you got a couple extras in there man for Mike Tyson and Oze
890 89 WLS 890 on the pool. Well, we're really a kick and smelly ass today. Let me tell you I don't know why
The Orlando Sentinels got some very disturbing and one of our email
MySpace people says
First he's got his blurb for the Orlando Semmelos says and speaking of Orlando sports radio acid tongue gabbmaster Dan
Saleo is one of the top candidates to replace the legendary Hank Goldberg is after the drive time hosted WQM in Miami
How's that the guy that's gonna be on Sunday?
Sarge um
No, no, I guess not
And anyway this um emailer says if you thoughts do gots was annoying you haven't heard this guy
He used to play for the hurricanes and does nothing but apologize for them
Oh, that's right. I remember the name what's the name again Dan Saleo
We even place up the whole third mentality is if it's a good thing
He sucks big time and I pray it as motor QM because you'll have to blow up your radio if you even accidentally turn on the show
Morbid it says morbid. Oh, bye-bye Danny boy. No, thank you
And then here's another one it says TJ Reeves is a good there's good only promises father-in-law calls in all the time
And it's really ponderous. He's a fill in in Tampa. Oh
I think you hit it on the head last week. I think what they're doing is
Doing his dog and pony show to make it look like they're auditioning all these they're doing this nationwide search
And then they'll get a two rock solid that one, you know because it'll work cheap. It's Dan
Saleo is how you pronounce it. No, don't be silly. Don't be silly. Oh
So
What about it? I was just corrected on the spelling or the pronunciation by whom? Ali
Lee yeah, you know fley
See
You
I hope you can see this by long distance. Okay, I'm giving them a salute
Excuse me is Lee another one of these silly as sports nerds probably a UM sports nerd by the way is that the six loss
You're the fifth loss for the season. W the sixth six correct. How many games did they play?
Eleven eleven so they're five and six correct the hurry kings
If they don't win next week, they don't go roll bowl. They don't have a chance to go roll bowl
They've lost six games and you're trying to get a chance to go to a bowl game. They were six and six last year and went to a bowl
Oh my god, what I talk about bogus
Talk about hocus pocus the world's lost its focus. You've got to be chit-moo man. They suck
They below
If they lose next week, they lose their chance to go to a bowl game. Oh
My god, that's like saying that if a 50 if a 50 L is a break out of five shares
In the trend on Wednesday that they're not going to be considered to be a radio station
as if
Who they they got man come on there. What's he doing? He's doing oh oh's and they got Phil O'Rally
He's doing oh and it's like what Norma told me said everything that that guy touches turns to crap. What's the guy's name? I
forget
850
We got 899 on the pool. We got more votes and he's got the kill cycles. How do you like that? What's the guy's name from
I don't know and I don't care. He's a loser
So many radio losers in this market. Let me tell you I hear that Warren
Chevrolet is still up there in Palm Beach County. There's another idiot
Here's screw it with us Neil. You're a screw with us. What a jackass that was from the WNW
And then there was always Mike moonshine and
Ellie smell it smelly Ellie Gray
You know, I got her hired at INZ. I went to Baffer and I got her hired on Twitter this before
And then she refused to sell my show. Well, I'm not gonna sell those laws. He $25 spot tonight
Well, I can be selling $100 spot in the daytime commission on that. Well screw you honey. Screw you
smelly Ellie
wonder if she's dead yet
Well, it's one thing about the management is a problem engineering can be a problem
But salespeople that's a horse of a different color, baby. That's a whole different. Am I right? Yep
I mean program directors can be real jerks stuff like that but salespeople are iceholes. Oh my god
Bull crap artists like the breed of heart
Now he bring back the same shovel this time when he came back where he get a new on a gold-plated one
He's got one of those folding shovels you know
He keeps it in his mind. Oh, it would fit back. Yeah, that's where he keeps it good
901 over 900's just coming up on noon man. What did I say? We were hoping for 800 by noon
You know what that means no what nothing
Marine doubt said here calm today in the New York Times. There was a yesterday yesterday excuse me. Well, we didn't have a show yesterday
We don't have a show on Thursday when we do have a show but Jesse Agu is gonna be doing it. I wonder if he's gonna be taking calls
I'll thank you today. I will. Oh
Can you imagine the kind of people that will be calling on Thanksgiving day? I have no life. Wow
People who are shunned by the rest of the world. He has idea for a poll that day too. Does he? Yep
He was also in other words. I don't need to put a poll on for Thursday. Love that Jesse Agu. You're the best Jesse
Now you're gonna you're gonna like uh, yeah, go put it up there guide it through the process. So I don't have to worry about it
Can do well, of course now that we got all Charlie Beasley polls on here. I'm the I doesn't even read into the audience
But I will anyway
I mean I know a far be it for me to pick on Charlie because he thinks he's really hot Schmidt
He's got the last part of that right. When I'm Neil's age
65 I expect to be blank one of the choices is still trying to pry paychecks from the deadbeat Beasley's
Now how many people in the audience who are gonna be voting are getting paychecks from the deadbeat Beasley's other than chicken egg me. Well, what is that?
I don't know
dumb
You plan to vote next year's presidential election you bet not sure yet. I can't vote. I'm a fellener or a foreigner
No way I don't give a Schmidt or I usually don't but Bush has made me so mad I will this time
This Thanksgiving day I give credit to blank for all that's coming to me in the past year
God a la Buddha Satan a centri-animals are oh and I got love marriage divorce somebody else's misfortune the voices in my head
I'm getting voices in my head just for me these polls Charlie Be
In four words what you take on the Barry Bond's indictment send him to jail and think he deserves it no hall of fame never liked him anyway
He'll beat the rap just a fishing expedition still a Ray Ballfitter or who's this Barry Bond? Oh
Now am I wrong am I overreacting or what I don't like those I'm like any of them whatever now you're overreacting the better than what we're normal again
Marine Duh shake rattle and roll the debate terminate Chris knows how to rattle oh bami oh bambi
Mr. It's Hillary started disciplining her fellow senator last winter and winter after began exploring a presidential
big when he winked at her took her elbow and tried to say hello on the senate floor
She did not melt as many women do she brushed him off movement to remind him that he was an upstart who should not get in the way of her turn in the
Oval office
He was so sure of coffee called a friend to say you wouldn't believe what just happened with Hillary
She is continuing to flick the whip in debates
She usually ignores Obama jenny words back stage preferring to chat with a so-called second tier candidates
And she often looks so unprocial while they're sitting up on stage that Obama seems hesitant to be the first one to say hi
With so much in stake she handed it again in Vegas this time using your voice gaze and body language to such punishing effect
That Obama was as if he had been brought to heel
There was a mesmerizing display and an event that drew the highest TV ratings of any primary debate this year
The momentum of Obama had gained from a vivid speech at the Jefferson Jackson day didn't arrive a drained away by the end of the first half hour
Other guys like Rudy wouldn't even be looking for a chance to read Hillary as Obama always does
Other guys like Rudy wouldn't care if she iced them
But she can tell that Obama does care that he does not wonder to not like him or be mad at him
That he responds to the sort of belittling treatment that she sometimes dished out to her husband
And his male aides at the White House yelling at them and calling them whims if they disappointed her
Obama may be responsive to Hillary's moods because he lives with another strong woman rooms how to keep him in line
Michelle said she let her husband run for president only when he agreed to give up smoking and she's a master at the art of the loving conjugal put down
When Hillary walked on stage there's the Obama stood to her left waiting to shake hands and say hi as he in Edwards had done with Christad
She turned her body away refused to be his eyes and froze him out again and he looked taken a back again
For the rest of the night she owned him
He was so off his game that he duplicated her dithering performance from the last debate on the issue of whether illegal immigrant should get driver's licenses
After a tortured exchange with with Wolf Blitzkrieg he ended up saying he favored it one more sign that the law professor's oblivious to the visceral nature of campaigns
Hillary brazenly leapt away from that politically devastating position since she didn't support licenses anymore
Even Obama didn't call around on her third reversal on the matter
She was willing to absorb the flip flop criticism to cut her losses on an issue that could have dragged her to defeat in the general election
Obama and Edwards who both seemed shaken by a few seconds of pro-hillary booing let the frontrunner said a ludicrous standard
That any criticism of her shift on issues is mud slinging and a character attack
She's a control freak that's why her campaign tried to coach wonky Iowa voters to ask wonky questions and her male rivals are letting her take control
The Democrats shouldn't be afraid to mix it up now while they have a chance and get all the doubts and disputes out on the table
Taking some flat clearly made Hillary stronger
If Rudy's Denominee he'll go with relish to all the vulnerable places in Hillary's past at the Federalist's side on Friday
He had barely spoken the word she before the audience began to ring appreciatively
He went through the whole fake denues riff on Hillary's driver's license twist without even uttering her name
First she was for the idea and supported governor spitzer who wanted to give driver's license to illegal immigrants
Then she was against the idea then she was for and against the idea and then she finally said it should be decided on by a state by state basis
This is the only time in her career she's ever decided anything should be decided on a state by state basis
You know something she picked out absolutely the wrong one right?
I mean this is one of those areas that's given to the federal government to deal with under our constitution the borders of the US
invagration
Rudy laced his speech with faith references including the assertion that America's got a divinely inspired rule in the world
And a mission to save a civilization from Islamic terrorism
Hillary has her work cut out for Rudy will not be so easy to spank
Maybe she could debate with the yellow he was always easy to spank
The force leader is mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M
What kind of day is coming collected with the best chance of getting elected
Various 18 years have never cheated my kind of day
You're not going to be to get your help. I know she can win
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
She's got guts she's got by her man if she can't do it no one and she's blonde
And a lawyer to just think the ball to loss she'll push through get out that ballot right in
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Her mates adult courage that's true but he ain't the nothing that push has a try to argue
You know the kind of days to find a TV but not hot to find out Hillary but early for off end
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
This is a great political wise of history
No out trying to hold it just like Hillary
A meldically a patch up and even for over next to Hillary Clinton
They're all out show but early but open
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
A child double L-A-R-Y Hillary Hillary she's our guy
The great state of Arkansas she looks like she got off the Senate
A meld a law the back totally cold by me
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Yeah
Get it girl
No
No
Provo 2 at 560 WDQM Happy Monday to you baby
We have Thanksgiving Day on Thursday the 22nd is here because it's the 4th Thursday in November
This is the first year I learned that
Yeah our start was the last
Thursday in November
Yeah I got to really give much thought
Because was you know usually comes like the 27th or the 28th
Yeah the third day at the end
What?
The Thursday at the end
Right at the end of the month but it's not because the Thursday at the end of the month is a 29
Right
Well there you go
It's like the 2nd to last
Fourth Thursday in the November
Your wrongs was never the 2nd
But what are you talking about the 2nd last
That's what it felt like to me I don't know
I never gave it a thought
Okay here's the story Mike Tyson was sentenced today to 24 hours in jail and 3 years probation
For drug position and driving out of the influence
These got issues baby
The former heavyweight champion of pretty guilty in September to a single felony count of cocaine position
And a misdemeanor DUI count
Tyson had faced a possible maximum of sentenced of 4 years and 3 months in prison
The charges stem from a traffic stop in Scottsdale last December
Police pulled Tyson over after the boxer had spent the evening at Scottsdale's pussycat lounge
An officer said he saw Tyson wiping a white substance off the dashboard of his black BMW and then his speech was slurred
Authority said they found bags of cocaine in Tyson's pocket in his car
Tyson told officers later they used cocaine whenever I'd get my hands on it
And then he preferred to smoke it in marvellous cigarettes with a tobacco pulled out
According to court documents
He also told police he used marijuana that day and was taking the anti-pressant
Zola
Since his arrest Tyson checked himself in an impatient treatment program for what his lawyer called various addictions
Inpatient that I say impatient you know I'm impatient to get rid of him already go away Mike
Cali attorney Andrew Thomas had said after the plea was entered the Tyson to be put in prison
Noted in a Tyson was convicted of rape in Indiana 92 and pleaded no contest to misdemeanor assault charges in Maryland in 90 neon
In
1986 Tyson became the youngest heavyweight champion in history won at 20 he knocked out Trevor Burbrick
He lost his saddle four years later when he was knocked out by James Buster Douglas
No kin to Buster Hyman and by 1997 Tustre Tyson's career had a low point when he bit Evander holy fields ear during a fight
Tyson 41 recently been trying to revive his career with a series of boxing exhibition
Oh god just go away
Don't go away, man. Just please go away and quit darkening our door. Oh see that'll be interpreted as a racial thing
You know, um, quit uh
What's the word I'm looking for?
Sullying up our door. Okay. There you go. Sully
941 on a fool but we're gonna go way over a thousand. They bought Chris it was pretty dubious when we found very strong
We're just barely at 600 and think it all my god on the on the Monday of Thanksgiving week
My god are you crazy or what?
Plus we got coming up on December 2nd. We got Chanukah, right? Yep
Don't let me forget to start playing the Hanukkah songs and the Christmas songs and you know kill a lot of good time with that
I think I played Silent Farth of the day and then we got
The house is on a hora time to light the menorah
Oh
Oh great that's about the only good thing about this time of the year we can play those bits the rest of it sucks
I don't want to be a grinch reading like that. I just I don't like it. I have
Christmas Hanukkah New Year's just get it over with already, you know
Get it over
945 votes of all the people running for present. Who's your choice?
Barack Obama 184 little Dennis Gassettich 170 a lot of freaking going on here
Geepers creepers. I think there's some creepers
Let's ask mr. Peepers. How's Wally Cox doing? She still buried with Marlon Brando. He buried his ashes with him
Did you know that I did not?
Yes
In fact Wally Cox eventually got married. You know how they always marry somebody off
Mm-hmm
And then he croaked there was a big battle in court over his ashes between his widow and Marlon Brando
And she finally let Marlon have the ashes
You know that's what that's true. It's not cute. It's true. It's 12. It's 12. He had Wally Cox's ashes. That was his first wool mate
Oh Barack Obama 184 Cousinich 170. Hilda swittler 147 a real three horse race if you believe those bogus Cousinus votes
Ron Paul 89, Janet words 79, Rudy Giuliani 70 none of the above 55
They must be the holdouts for Al Gore or people are just fed up with the whole pile of crap
Joe Biden 51 Bill Richardson 36 Bobby Richardson doesn't have any
Microbell 16 Fred Thompson 14 mid-Romney 12 my cuckabee eight
Christod eight and John McCain. Let's hear it for all John. He funny off the four there. He's up to seven
Tied for why he's in last all by himself
And then nice movie made he went from four to seven almost doubled his number there
954 W your pleasure W your fun with those twins there on double-man gum
Remember those spots they still run them now
No, he's double-man choose double-man dumbing everybody choose like sugar-free
Crack gum, you know it like juicy fruit and what not yeah, tried and it's good but mm-hmm
The only problem with me is because of the sweet taste like my addition to I have a sugar addition that is so bad that I
Would like you out on the balcony and scream for help?
But nothing I can do. I'm the only one I can I can't get off it. I can't I can't I can't off the sugar
What kind of ice cream did I have last oh
And it's not even good. It's not even good. Do you see the lace bag?
Rouge bag, mm-hmm. Do she they loose your lace bag? Oh, that stuff is that's how can that is crap real watery
When you nuke that thing down, you know about 88 seconds and it's you have to because otherwise it's like a brick
I
Just can't stop can't stop the sugar yesterday hit two ice cream bars
I don't want to say you're gonna die up you're gonna die up there you're gonna die up there
Now this story starts out appropriately enough a candy bar a wallet even if her baggy pants can draw a diddly police gunfire
Maybe that's what I need to get the first away from the candy counter when the ice cream thing
The thread of violence hey if you take one of those scuff pints
Gonna blow your brains out. Hey if I had any brains that wouldn't be a stand there at the ice cream thing
The killing of a hairbrush brandishing teenager last week was the latest instance of police shootings in which
Officers reacted to what they erroneously feared was a weapon
It's revived debate over the use of force perceptions of threats and police training or I think we ought to be doing a lot more
Tasing them and look how safe that's turning out to be
We only had three people dying the last couple days from that
We have cases like that all over the country where it can be a wall of a cell phone a can of coke or cola and officers a fire the weapons
It's got green what a Cincinnati attorney was worked on police use of force cases across the country
It was a general counsel for the ACRU
By the way, did I mention that movie? You two quantus Costa not today
Not that I mentioned that the Mexico there's number one
You said want us to call which is not exactly the name of it
I think your pardon quantum quest us
Quantum what an ice-air quantum scoffs us which is how many things I didn't say coasters side coasters
I know what a coaster is yeah, like close an australian our thing that's right
You stick the ear thing and I'll stick to my thing. Oh don't worry about that
It doesn't necessarily mean it was excessive use of force you had it however those types of incidents do give rise to greater suspicion
Oh, they also had a thing on CNN this morning about all the violence against tourists in Mexico and another good reason not to go there
However, these types of incidents do not do give rise to greater suspicion on the part of the public about how please use force and
they call into question the training that departments are using the train officers to perceive and respond with threats
The NYPD says the officers have fired 20 shots at 18-year-old keel cup and on November 12th were justified in their use of force
The mentally ill teenager approached officers outside his mother's home with a black object in his hand
I hairbrush and repeatedly ignored orders to stop
The officers are responding to my level. We know about that
Why did the police not heed the warnings that our son was on arm said Paul Wooten the family attorney
Why was it necessary for the overwhelming use of deadly force five police officers 20 shots eight hits is an upper versionality?
no
Last year NYC officers fired 50 bullets at three on our men in the car killing Sean Bell on his wedding day and seriously wounded his two friends
Three officers are scheduled for trial in February
In 1999 four New York City undercover cops fired 41 shots at Emmett O'Diala striking him 19 times when the 22-year-old man reached for his wallet
While standing in the apartment building vestibule
Square gun the officers said they thought the yellow was reaching for a gun they thought
In 2001 since the 90 places killing of Timothy Thomas the 15th black residents of that police hands since 95
Led to the city's worst civil unrest since the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr
Thomas was on arm but reaching to pull up his baggy pants while being chased. Oh Jesus God
I'm gonna get shot. I'm always reaching to pull up my baggy pants
I don't wear baggy pants anymore. We're like dress pants now from Harry Rosen. You'd be so impressed. What?
Well, I got talked into it. You know, I got forced
I see yes
What does it want to be seen with a slob? Right. I think that's it. Yeah
He's even trying to talk me to let my hair grow out
Which I don't know if I want to do that. Well, it's winter time. Get a mofaka
In that case is another police who means the officer who fired since actions were triggered by fear of for his own safety
Right always afraid of their own
I'm saying kill her
At least 64 law enforcement officers in the west have been killed by gunshots this year according to the national enforcement
See maybe part of the problem is that we don't have all these scumbags with guns all over America
But you know, that's a revolutionary idea. Don't be saying that in public. They'll kill you. They'll shoot you
Andre Burgess was walking down the New York street 97 one undercover federal agent shot him in the thigh
Saying he thought the four-row rap three musketeers candy bar in his hand was a gun. Oh my god. Those three musketeers man. They will kill you
Really Sunday officers in Brooklyn shot two people they believe were dangerous one was a suspect in the stabbing a police
Advanced and officers with a broken bottle
That three musketeers man. I if anybody knows I know it. It's deadly. Not as good as nippy though
The best out
Forty-sixty-two-a-m
Fourth leader
Floridians done as dirt
You
To press me say I'm right and then you always second guess me
What a letdown
Call my hand before I even get my back down
Oh
And when I
Always on the
You seem to get
My back when
Oh, and you do to press me
So I am I
Along with you
In to
ceed
To
I fall in love, so I am I covered with dust and so I'm huge at rest
Why am I in love with you?
When I see you, I fall in love, so I am I covered with dust and so I'm huge at rest
You depress me, you depress me, you say I'm right and then you always second-guess me
If I can fall in love, I'll be even
I'll be even, I'll even give you back your car and call it even
When I'm alone and I myself, you say I'm I covered with dust and so I am I in love with you
All right, 1220 and 560 WQA
No problem, you're welcome
9.78 hour pull on earrages.com
Who you voting for for for a president? Who's your churse?
And they don't come any worse? Well, I'm not gonna say it
You know, the bitch is gonna get it
Yes, she's it
The bitch is gonna get it
Doomed to fail
Guess what was declared the most dangerous city in the USA?
Miami? No, oh come on, this is so obvious
Washington DC
No, really? No, Detroit? Oh my God, I've never been a Detroit
I have, I lived there a while, I lived while I was actually not in Detroit, I lived in the Southfield
Another blow to the motor city's tarnished image Detroit pushed past St. Louis
To become the nation's most dangerous city according to a proper research group's controversial
Analyzation release yesterday of annual FBI crime statistics
Detroit, you don't wanna go there
The study drew harsh criticism as a meme before it came out
The Americans Society of Criminology launched a preemptive strike Friday
Ashing it as a statement of attacking it as an irresponsible misuse of crime data
The 14th annual city crime rankings crime in metropolitan America was published by CQ Press
A unit of congressional quarterly ink is based on the FBI's September 24th crime stats report
The report looked at 378 cities with at least 75,000 people based on per capita rates for homicide, rape, robbery, aggravated assault, burglary and orthoped
Each crime category was considered separately and weighted based on its seriousness CQB sand
Last year's crime leader St. Louis fell the number two, oh they're dropping down
Another Michigan city, Flint, ranked number three, followed by Oakland, California, Canada, New Jersey, Birmingham, Alabama, North Charleston, South Carolina, Memphis, Tennessee, Richmond, California, and Cleveland
What the hell is Richmond, California? Never heard of it
Did you?
Nope
The study ranked Mission V.A. Hill, California is the safest, U.S. city, followed by Clarkston, New York, Brick Township, New Jersey, Amherst, New York, and Sugarland, Texas
All set up to make me want to crank up the Maguire Sisters, Sugar in the morning, Sugar in the evening, Sugar time
On Coral Records with the reverse system, if I chicken that remembers that, you got it, no way
I would say 56, Sugar in the morning, Sugar in the evening, no got, nope
That should be my theme song, should it?
I ought to be
Sugar in the morning, even in the killing me, in other words
I'm dying over here
Well good
CQ Press Postman, Ben Crasney, said details on the waiting system, or proprietary, was compiled by Kathleen O'Lary Morgan and Scott Morgan, who was Morgan Quinto Press, published in a TLS acquisition by CQ Press
The study assigned to Cramscore to Wheat City with zero representing the National Average, Detroit got a score of 407, zero represents the National Average, Detroit got 407, St. Louis 406, Mission V.A. Hill, in Affel and Orange County, California, was minus 82
Like Joel Feinberg's ratings are going to be on Wednesday across the street, minus 82
Detroit was Peaglinations murder capital in the 80s, lost nearly a million people since 1950, according to the Census Bureau
Downtown's fourth stadium is in corporate headquarters, along with the redevelopment of the riverfront of the city of 919,000, F-slope, but now reverse the decline
Officials have said crime reports don't help, too bad
Detroit deputy police chief James Tate had no immediate comment on the report, but the mayor of 30th ranked Rochester, New York, and ex-police chief himself said the studies office should consider the harm that the report causes
Too bad if you can't stand the truth, if you can't handle the heat get out of the kitchen you jackass, you goofball, you slime bag
When I take exception to his views of the statistics in the damage they inflict on the number of these cities said Mayor Robert Duffy, chairman of the Criminal and Social Justice Committee for the West Conference of Mayors
The rankings do groundless harm to many communities said Michael Tomry, president of the American Society of Criminology
They also work against the king goal of our society, which is a better understanding of criminal issues by both scientists and the public turn of Tomry said
Critics also complain that numbers don't tell the whole story because of differences among cities
You're not comparing apples and oranges, you're comparing watermelons and grapes
Oh gee, I wonder if that watermelon was just a play on words
So Rob Casey, who heads the FBI section that puts the uniform crime report that provides it at it for the Quinter Report
You know, a study sneak that watermelon thing in there sounds like a racial thing to me
Speaking of Detroit, maybe if some of the white folks had moved back and be a little bit better, I don't think so
Are they moving back? No
The FBI posted a statement on its website criticizing such use of its statistics
These rough rankings provide no incentive to the numerous variables that mold crime in a particular town city, county state, or region of the FBI said
Consequently, they lead this simplistic and incomplete analyses that often create misleading perceptions of the verse they affect the communities and the residents
Doug Goldenberg Hart, an acquisition editor at CQ Press, said the rankings are imperfect but that the numbers are straightforward
Cities at the top of the list would not be there unless they rank poorly in all six crime categories
He said the idea that people oppose it is kind of like blaming the machinery set
It's not coming to terms with the idea that crime is a persistent problem in our community in our society
In all of these things
1993 when we come back after the birth of an ever-a-thousand and then from that point on, it's God only knows
Like Brian Wilson would say God only knows
And then when he said just like that, I still want to cry when I see I think of everything on biography I want to cry
I don't know why
I mean, he was never like cute or anything like that
He was always kind of pudgy and frumpy and whatever
Something that Teddy bears speaking of actually the site of the early era why can't we hear your president?
He's got the Berkeley plantations in Gerald, California
It's a good place for a man maybe he can pick some cotton while he's there
But then it's just because Teddy's coming up
It's not a lot of it
Cagy, 65, 60, QAM
The sports leader
A stench of pomegranate covers over this performance by the dolphins
The A-O
This grandmaster Pokemon B
In Florida he got the right to work long
What you don't know is
Florida Bay Corporate got the right not to pay you
Like BBG-I
Stay yo' feel, stay yo' feel
Easy, stay yo' feel, stay yo' feel
Stay yo' feel, stay yo'
Stay jee de b in the flowers
Hear yoce, stay yo' feel
Take a P2 AJ
Didn't left for the day
D-22
Idee, me Kadda
Then beat beat beat beat I don't pay
We the best of all
Don't tell us how cold us
We don't pay
Don't pay
We don't pay our bills
We the best of all
Don't tell us how cold us
That we don't pay
Don't pay
We don't pay our bills
Play your bills
Play your bills
Please leave me pay your bills
Play your bills
Play your bills
Play your stick and fill
Play your bills
Play your bills
Please leave me pay your bills
Play your bills
Play your bills
Play your stick and fill
No deposit
Don't pay roll
Just pay me next week
You back and pay
I'll count the deposits
Don't pay roll
Just pay me next week
You back and pay
Okay
And I was done
And Florida
Without no unions
And Florida
You're right to work in
Florida
But day of use
You're in Florida
Beats me deadbeat
C-E-O-Don't pay
Beats me deadbeat
C-E-O-Don't pay
Beats me deadbeat
C-E-O-Don't pay
Beats me deadbeat
C-E-O-Don't pay
Hey, you're built
Hey, you're built
Beats me B-B-G-I
Hey, you're built
Beats me B-G-I
Hey, you're built
Hey, you're speaking built
Hey, you're built
Beats me dead
Beats me dead
Beats me dead
Beats me dead
Beats me dead
Beats me dead
1233 and the other guys named
Chick-and-Eck to pay them
How's he coming with us?
No
No?
I have not heard
Even after Jolly Joys sure of me
Out of our last conversation
Which was initiated by Jolly Jo
He was gonna get that all taken care of
And all squared away
B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-Like that
No? No?
Only ask them in the little magic box
Go in your little box
There, go in your plunk your magic twang
Or froggy
And see what Chick-and-Eck has to say
About the cash from the beeslings
If they don't want to pay them, I think maybe Jesse Aggrair all day on Thanksgiving day can just play that
All day all four hours pay your bill.
It's all like a winner to me. Yeah, ask chicken heck if they're paying them or not ask them about the McGuire sisters
Sugar in the morning. Sure
I guess I gotta get that now. Why?
I gotta go fetch it sugar time. How about
Sincerely another Cornball record. McGuire sisters. Let's see was it Phyllis McGuire?
She was the girlfriend of the mobster from Chicago
I don't know
The mobster from Chicago who was screwing the chick that the Kennedy that JFK was doing
Judith Campbell Xner that was her name or was the mobster's name?
I don't know
Come on it'll come to me. All right anyway. He was that was his girlfriend was Phyllis McGuire
I can't imagine how they got all on gigs in Vegas. Can you the McGuire sisters? So they had such great talent
They're just seem to have been back in the they remember that scene in the godfather where he's talking about to to L Martino
Mm-hmm about you know
We'd like to have you or convince some of your friends to come and perform at our casino with papa
Oh anything from my godfather Mike no problem. But I said no. He's not been paid lately
He's not been paid lately. Well, how do you like that even after jolly?
Jewish heard me that he was been like go over there and kill somebody and Naples and make sure that they would pay him oh
Boy the California Pacific Medical Center research institute team
Are hopeful that a can that can't be no let me try to say it
Cannabid the oil or CBD could be a non-toxic alternative to chemotherapy a compound found in cannabis may stop breast cancer spreading throughout the body
Unlike cannabis CBD doesn't have any psychoactive property. So it wouldn't violate any laws
Molecular cancer therapeutics be saying the office rest that they were not suggesting patients smoke marijuana
Oh god forbid they added it would be highly unlikely that effective concentrations of CBD could be reached by smoking cannabis
CBD works by blocking the activity of a gene called ID1
Which is believed to be responsible for the aggressive spread of cancer cells away from the original tumor site a process called metastasis
Task work has shown CBD can block aggressive human brain cancers the latest work found CBD appeared to have a similar effect on breast cancer cells in the laboratory
Lead researcher Jack the doctor Sean McAllister said
Right now we have a limited range of options in treating aggressive forms of cancer
Those treatments such as chemotherapy can be effective
But they can also be extremely toxic and difficult for patients
This compound offers a hope of a non-toxic therapy that could achieve the same results without any of the painful side effects
Dr. Joanna Owens of the Cancer Research UK said this research is at a very early stage
If I need to be followed up with clinical trials and humans to see if CBD is safe and whether they beneficial effects
can be replicated
Several cancer drugs based on plant chemicals already are used widely such as
Then Christine which is derived from a type of flower called Madagascar paroinkle and is used to treat breasted long cancer
Cancer Meri Madagascar paroinkle
It'll be interesting to see whether CBD will join them. That sounds so gay
Maria Ledby to where the breast cancer care said many people experience out effects while having chemo such as nausea and increased risk of infection
We take both a physical and emotional toll any drug that is fewer side effects will of course be a great interest
Much he added it's clear that much more research needs to be carried out
Thousand eleven votes on the full of christ now everything where we're home free now
All right, we're in the ballpark by the way speed of the ballpark dolphins lose again and now this week is ten
They're oh and ten
Who the thuck it and I'm gonna tell you don't sure of the brain mustard see now is he's got some nerve opening up him out
This team this patriot team what they would do to those seventy two and seventy three dolphins
I wouldn't wish on high-ranking or okay. They would spank him baby. They would destroy them
They would eviscerate them
What a joke Larry Zonko ran my my grandmother with her legs tied together could run faster than Larry Zonka
And then that's the effent truth, okay
And Bob Greacy with a windshield wipers on his glasses. I mean who's kidding home here baby
Our Clinton campaign stop in LA and that's LA where
Frater was hanging out while he was hanging out in Vegas under the protective down Francesco LA
Lot of dons you know it's big in a shula. Lot of dons
When we're gonna be doing the show from Corleone
You'd say one let's go. I didn't see that scene out there again. We're the sheep. You know they were hurting the sheep
And he was walking through the hills of Corleone
with
What's his name?
Carlo and Fabrizio
wow
And when they got when they finally after he saw Apollonia and they got to that Trottavia and he sat down outside in the big fat
Owner came out. It's stir up. I did a little with his suspenders
Mickey Amo Vittelli was not his name Vittelli. What a memory. Jesus Christ man
Remember that yep, that's great
And then he got pissed off when he realized that they were making Google wise at his daughter
Yeah, a Clinton campaign stop in LA was interrupted by code pink peace activist Tide Berry on Saturday
asks very of Senator Hillary Clinton surely after being ejected from the Wasworth theater
How can you say you're for the environment when you're always voting for war?
As Senator Clinton in response were you invited to speak here this afternoon?
Bitch
Congressman Dennis Kusinnitson Senator John Edwards also spoke at the former sponsored by
Grist magazine and Public Radio International other candidates from both major parties were also invited
But only Clinton Edwards and little Dennis accepted
The three candidates reports my fox LA with video and Mark Cooper with having been posed gave their stances on environmental issues
Especially global warming and energy conservation
But when she came was confronted with a question. How can you say you're for environment when you're always voting for war?
All she did was give us far as were you invited to speak here this afternoon mr. Hachot
Boy, they're sure a lot of sirens in a big city. You know what?
All there goes another one another
ambulance or something a lot of sirens
And that unsettling to you no?
Sunsettling to me why I don't know
Just makes me wonder what's going on out there
10 17 on the pool of thousand 17 of the people running from president, which is your choice
Barack Obama 195 little Dennis Kusinnits 181. He just won't go away
Hillary 156 for swallowing Ron Paul 100
What what is that about these people? I get everybody excited on the internet
You know, I mean if you if you went out on the street corner asked 10 people who the hell's Ron Paul?
Yeah guarantee a ten of them would say I don't got any in this neighborhood. Yeah, any neighborhood
Who's Ron Paul? What?
John Edwards 81 Rudy Giuliani 73 number above 62
Joe Biden 57 Bill Richardson 38 microbell 17 with a groveli voice
Fred Thompson 17 at Romney 13
My cock-a-bee 10 John McCain has moved past Christod
John McCain all the way up to nine. He's kicking big smelly ass now
And poor Christod who another guy that makes all the sense in the world is a good guy looks presidential. He's only got eight
That's it my stuff
That's gonna be
A leader
Yo, well you call that stuff man, Bob a Benoos get that mess out my face
Give it to Mikey man. He hate everything
He's like it
My ties and back in the first ship in my home
It's all
Now I'm gonna get guessing it everything you wanted
Been three years has he become a worthy
The first thing that he did is go out and get some
Hey now all I
And you follow
In the ring you gonna look to deck you
Just and he's cuz there'll be rest facing
I am Mike get you big hand off our assets
That's all happy to you but we won't go for your passive
All my
You're into pinching tail
Every butch excited
We thought in jail that you might try and get
You make a real treatment like you
Like I said back Annie for and come okay, I'd go to dinner alive
A lot
He's alive you're right
For 1921 that means he's 86
Born in February 21 86 still alive they hit him with five shots
But I was six shots and he's still alive no branded dissimium message
You never got a good point that is speaking of Clementsa most of the people from the godfather
I don't know for most but not a lot of them people are dead Marlon Brando
Clementsa
Frado
Didn't he die John Kazoo? Oh, yeah, no time ago. Okay dead
Santino no James Con still alive right right?
Misery baby misery. Mm-hmm. Not too many of those people made a good movie after that one, you know
When you come right down to it
Misery was good was no godfather was pretty good
But I'm pretty sad to see him in that what was that movie with the woman in the uh
We're always talking about this one or the she was trapped in the um
Elevator in our house lady the cage lady the cage
My young James Conn I forget the lady's name. Yeah, well young James Conn
That was pretty good movie. I was a disturbing movie. Yes, very disturbing. Sure very distressing
Very distressing dog Thompson who writes a lot of distressing stuff writes just partisan political pukes
How do you like that? You have to make me puke
Don't you says from time to time some partisan political puke will email me or confront me in the coffee shop to try to convince
me that America will be so much better off with their party and power
Currently, it's a democrats who shout from the rooftops that the only thing American eats secure its ills
Is to put someone from the party of the jackass back into the White House. Yeah, right?
And they'll be pork in the tree tops by morning
Trayf
This is what makes the American political system such a laughing stock when partisanship trumps of practical thinking
There's that Jeremy Wang again with that loose wire block Jeremy. I'm gonna chop your way
You heard me Jeremy's wankered
This is what makes the American political system such a laughing stock when partisanship term trumps practical thinking reason takes
All the way and America loses
Democrats aren't any better than republicans. They're just another classic rough criminals
But they slightly different approach to criminal activity
Democrats are no more honest than republicans and no more concerned with what's right for America
Take Nancy Pelosi as yet any young man would have said please
When democrats wept into power through the angry vote of a hopeful but hopelessly ignorant populist
The mainstream media fell all over itself gushing about the lady from California and how things would change in Washington
They glossed over history Pelosi learned her politics from her daddy a corrupt bribe taking old school politician
Big Tommy De Los Androma or Baltimore
The Washington Post called Big Tommy a flamboyant and legendary machine politician a machine politician mine
Big Tommy was a lot more than that a crook who took payoffs reward a corruption and taught young Nancy how to hand out favors and reward those who played the game
Pelosi showed what daddy taught her when his first act act is the incoming speaker of the house
She tried to ran the ethically challenged Pennsylvania congressman John Murtha down her fellow democrats
Thruvts his new house majority leader
Then she opened a new congress with a high dollar fundraiser for the same fat cat special interest groups that control the GOP congress
Things aren't any better in the center. We're hairy read a fast buck artist who made millions on shady land deals back home
And Nevada runs the show like a fiefdom
But the real poster child for the democrats in congress is representative William Jefferson
The Louisiana bribe taker who faces two new charges for soliciting money with votes for votes even while waiting trial for broms
Relating to the pile of cash FBI agents found in his freezer last year
Will place to hide your cash baby stash it in the freezer put it on ice
If Democrats had announced about things they claimed they claimed they would have tossed Jefferson out of congress in a heartbeat
But they simply stripped him a few committee posts and kept him around proving to the world that the corrupt
Tech their own and nothing changes in the dental thieves called the US Congress
Republicans gave us con artist like Tom Delay and Duke Cunningham
But as long as democrats keep criminal elements like William Jefferson around they have no room to talk
Not to mention the white beaters like Jim Miranda Virginia or con artist and check fighters like for me brown or florida
Check fighters k it are here. That's with a tea
As March 21st said america's got noticed in criminal class with the possible exception of congress and twain was smart enough
Not to not claim they belong to just one political party too bad the partisan political pukes
March under the flag of one party or another aren't that smart actually boy died
Oh, what about what's what you they're all bunch of crooks
Maybe if you want this guy's near somewhere we haven't found him in
Right right and if they're and they're not crooks then they're like closet queens or or closet drunks or full-anderers
What are they are they all got something and you want to know why because they're all human they're full of crap
They promise the moon and then they give you the old cockamoon
And i'm sure you know what part of that well whenever by
1036 votes on the pool christad is sucking wind in last place. He's even behind John McCain only eight votes for christad from Connecticut
And like i told you i mean he always comes across right but he's like that boring, you know
Yeah, he looks presidential. He's he sounds and he looks and sounds just like jury Williams
Okay, you don't even know who that is do
I've heard jury will leak great jury Williams on w r k old before that wm airs and for a year w n w s work with me in the
Miami
In south Miami on lovelam road lot of indixie highway there and at old barbershop or beauty per whatever that place for
The old beauty parlor ws news
And i've told you that story 50 million times about how he got held up on that last night before he went back to Boston
Yeah
He was leaving he was going back to Boston. He was leaving Miami
And as he's about to leave the building he opens the door and income two dark-complexed guys with a gun
And give me everything you got
You know they take his watch and his necklace where it holy had you know his wallet
and
He comes to the control room and I cut the mic and he and i'm sitting in this studio. That's like i'm corner
There's no window. There's no other way to get out of the building and he says two black guys with guns
Soul my you know and he gives me this panicky look like the world is gonna come to an end and i'm sitting in there doing a show top
Bpp, what do you think hey everybody?
And luckily come to find out that they looked around and they saw that was a radio station and they freaked out figuring
Oh, maybe somebody's gonna get the cops in here in no time at all and they fled
Waterway to leave Miami. I then of course he went back to a Boston and worked for wildfill. I was his name
You're good buddy the consultant
Walt Sabo
Walter Sabo stabbed him in the back okay and would lie and when I told him that you had a heart attack the next day and then he croaked
Really after that? Yeah, you killed him probably and he deserved and he stabbed me in the back too
You
You stabbed me in the back when I was gonna go to wabc in New York
I think it all stem from the fact that dolly banskept friend of harmy to go to wwdb and we and fill it off you
The wonderful world of dolly banks wwdb FM talk to light of in monster man. I'd have been giant
Could have been a contender you know what I mean instead of a bum
Instead of just a bum that's all I am just an old that you bum that's right
I got some good stuff in my pile here. Maybe I'll take a break a little bit of it because I don't want to like at the interrupt
Although I do like this one by my rear. You're really sure she's good
She writes on this murking chip and elsewhere obviously. She they fill it off your based writer and activist
Do I have time for this? No. Oh, there's the a queen and the prince Philip. It's their 85 millionth wedding anniversary
But some couples have to live more than others. Oh my god. What a screamer. Did you hear even with the deep voice?
He's still so cool. He's got the he's
The princess like other brides of the time have to save up closing coupons to buy her wedding dress 20 old bitch
The prince Philip said he couldn't get the bitch out of his bed. Well, highness
Received that wasn't that book the world. You know, I wonder if he she's still hopping in the bed, you know
From leaders around the world. He's happening a lot of beds mostly not hers
Guy we greet the back of her saving look out for the back
I
Listen pretty quick. I like to shave my legs arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours oil price and jump
And that means a bomb at the top all that could add up to much higher gas prices for us
You're taking a road trip and an SUV. It's gonna be an expensive proposition the price of oil shot up
Shut up and give me some money. That is my money. I like
Less for day out. They're going up by six cents come on. This doesn't expensive
Inions of dollars. We're not buying it. Are we gang no way
I don't imagine you're too happy with the price of gasoline these days
The water leave me up. I can't even get to drive it like I want to the oil prices are up more than two dollars a barrel
People there are fed up with high gas prices record high gas prices gas prices higher oil and gas prices are already starting to hurt the economy
Unbroken now
Look at that almost a dollar to the aloony well. He's to come down so many way and
146.60 on the a year old really bad if you're going to Europe take a lot of money take a bucket full of money
Still somebody else's credit cards. That's the only way you can afford to do it
Anyway, haven't I been telling you for years that the house of Windsor
Was all a phony baloney without man protection that the real name was baton burgundy were Germans. Yeah, well here we go
I just googled it
The house and family of Windsor was created on July 17, 1917 by world decree
On that day the house of sacks cobert gotha morphed into the house of Windsor
What the house of what now sacks cobert gotha all right
The change was a strategic move on the part of king George the five who was concerned to distance himself and his family from their
Germanic roots in the midst of the dark days of ww1 and in the face of a rising tide of anti-derman sentiment among the general population
To other prominent and close to related families also changed their name as part of this effort
I also found a picture of the baton burs 1895 and under the picture the caption says family of queen victoria
Queen Mary's brother ceased to be members of the house of tech and took the surname Cambridge drawing on the descent from George
Third son dukem Cambridge the other major change was for the baton burgs
Decided from queen victorias daughter Alice who simply anglicized their name into the less German sounding mount baton
and cotton baton and Joseph cotton baton
How do you like that all right the name change became one of those milestones that pop into history to find the makeup of a dynasty for
Generations that follow was the brits a dynasty
For the preceding century and a half the extended royal family consisted of descendants of George the turd
And although victoria's descendants like the family of youngerson Arthur of Konaud would figure primarily up into the forties
The principal focus of after 1917 came to rest on George five and his offspring
In a very real sense that focuses on the present day 80 years later, but as fairly clear as the queen's generation begins to pass away
There'll be a regrouping probably centered on her descents
Ah, so whole a whole bunch of crap that we don't care about because nobody in North America even the stucky Canadians don't give a crap about the queen
Even though our pictures on was $20 bills. We still don't give a flying crap about the queen
And she comes here and she does the throne speech or the world whatever that crap is
There's still you know, they still got some of that crap like like a thing around her neck like an albatross
They're about Harry Harry Harvey or Stanley Dancer
Stanley Dancer resting peace boy. That was a guy. He sure died a bad death
You know some people die like boom like in their sleep. You know they have a heart attack and they just don't wake up
And other people die a long wicked. They like
Get nasty looking like they look like death, you know, and then they die
1057 on our pool on a presidential pool
You know something I I don't know what I'm gonna do for tomorrow for pool. Thank God that
Jesse Ager is gonna do one for Thursday for Thanksgiving day. Thanks a lot Jesse you're the best man
Even if you do a crappy show, which I'm sure you won't
I'm gonna have to go back into the history. I mean
I just I'm running dry on the poles, you know what I'm saying? I must confess that because I'm old and I'm tired
And the burnout
Yeah
Even though it's still pulling out a few bucks
Still go to woodbine and doing okay. I thought I went there yesterday
I hit the
$5 machine when I got a spin for $500 to spin for $625 I was up
975 bucks I pushed the button and I got the ticket out of there I went and cashed and said thank you very much
And I went home
In my Pondiac Solstice, which by the way, I think I really don't know because it is not the gauges to tell you like a real car
Yeah
But I think it gets pretty crappy mileage if you ask me.
What kind of a smallish look it is, isn't it?
Yeah.
Got a big edge?
What did you...
No, it's a four cylinder.
Oh right.
It's a puddle jumper.
Well, it is.
Well, the cylinder should get decent mileage.
Yeah, you might have imagined.
Should get...
Should get good mileage right.
It doesn't.
Should.
Let me say it again.
It does not.
I see.
Automatic.
What?
Automatic, man.
Automatic.
You can me.
I was going to ask a question, but it's too leading.
And what's that?
Do you know how to drive a stick shift?
No.
Well, why is it too leading?
Well, you think it...
Do you think that everybody knows how to drive a stick?
I mean, I know how to stick it, but I don't know how to drive a stick.
Not a stick.
You know, girls, they don't know.
Not all girls.
I don't know how to drive a stick.
Well, you know.
I went out of my ass.
Sure.
Well, that's that next one.
So what I heard.
I heard you knew how to work.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
I heard you knew how to drive a stick.
Well, now we got just more different things.
We got just more different things.
We got people with iPods and you got your serious
and ex-send your satellite radio.
There are just too many more choices now.
Plus we're on a station that doesn't do any promotion.
Plus we're on a station that doesn't do any promotion.
Plus we're on a station that doesn't do any promotion.
And we're the sports thing.
I mean, take a look.
I mean, take a look.
Talk about a sports market.
I mean, take a look.
I mean, take a look.
I mean, take a look.
Talk about a sports market.
I mean, take a look.
Does anybody here?
No.
Nobody cares.
How many games they played three?
One of them just played three over the weekend, so.
And they had like one before.
That's like a four-note.
Wow.
Woo!
Heavy duty, baby.
I'm sure that the town is just bursting with pride over that.
Mary Shaw, one of my very favorite writers on the most 14-Chimp.
Let me say it again.
She's a Philadelphia-based writer and activist.
She said, November 16, sublimated release of Brian Dupam's new film,
Redacted.
Right-wing gas bag Bill O'Reilly has been attacking the film
and calling for a boycott, so I knew I had to see it.
Fortunately, it's showing in Philly, so I planned my weekend
around a matinee screening.
The film presents fictionalized accounts of vents leaning up
to the rape and murder of a 14-year-old or racking
girl by US troops and the killing of her family
in the aftermath of that tragic night.
Of course, that girl and her family were not the only victims
of a war gone terribly awry.
Earlier in the film, we see a pregnant woman shot dead
by US troops as their brother drove through a checkpoint
while rushing assisted to a hospital to give birth.
But the violence isn't one-sided.
We see US Army Master Sergeant blown the pieces by an IED
and filled view of his men who later went on to commit
the rape and murder.
It's a study of the tool that war can take on the minds
of the soldiers when you're not sure who you can trust
and you eventually decide it's safe as to trust nobody.
Not only do the lines get blurred between richer rackies
you can trust or not, you also start to distress your fellow soldiers
and gets worse when you start drinking.
It's also a study of how the war gets filtered through the media
and how as a result of ideas and beliefs are controlled as well.
You and I cannot be in a rack so when it comes to war,
the media tells us what we should know and what we should think.
And therein lies the true irony of a round of his attacks
on the film and its makers.
Keep quiet about the atrocities of war and America
will continue to go shopping.
If you recognize the war is held, you're on the side of al-Qaeda.
Go figure.
Every American should see this film including
every member of the Bush administration
because it's not so much about what American troops are doing
to the rackies, but rather what Bush's war is doing to our troops.
The rations are just a consequence of that.
While the soldiers who committed the raken murder upon which
the episode of the movie was based shoot and are being punished,
they're not just a few bad apples.
They're the fruit of a poisonous tree and Bill O'Reilly is the snake
dangling from a low hanging branch and tempting his followers
with the poisonous fruit of that tree.
Bill O'Reilly is the snake.
Well said, Mary, she's good.
And she always writes a nice short to the point stuff
as opposed to, you know, gas bag, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop,
and I like those articles.
I'm sure the audience hates them too.
You know what else I hate?
What?
Troublemakers like coffee and cocktails at Sidewall Cafe.
It's part of the lure of Lasolas, but at least five eateries
along four Lauderdale's famous boulevard have been told to move
their tables inside.
You know why?
Why?
Troublemaker.
Sam Barum, Japanese village steakhouse, and Timpeno Martini bar
and chophouse have been losing about a grand today in business
in September when city officials told them to bring their sidewalk
tables indoors according to their managers.
A code inspector also said it's Starbucks coffee and quiz
nose for operating sidewalk cafes either without permittance
or with expired ones.
Now you drive by, but you don't see the restaurant said Chris
coming in manager of Japanese village steakhouse.
It's Lasolas.
You should be able to sit outside.
It's part of the charm.
The city had received an anonymous letter saying tables from a
restaurant at 450 East Lasolas were blocking the sidewalk
according to the code enforcement manager Mike Maloney.
An anonymous letter.
A code enforcer found that civil restaurants nearby in the boulevard
were also violating city code.
When you have cafes sitting up tables and chairs in the public
right away, you have to think about safety Maloney said.
Oh yeah.
I got run over by a table and chair out on the sidewalk.
Happy hour at Sam Barum hasn't been the same for Danielle
Perolton, a zel battelli who've been meeting friends and co-workers
there for years.
Both employees of PHH first fleet leasing company
said again, the two rarely meet for drinks now that the outdoor
couch and chairs are gone when they do the end of standing outside with their
drinks.
I used to come down here when the weather got nice, but Tully said on a
recent Friday night I come down here with colleagues and people
often have a few drinks.
Sam Barum starbucks and Tim Pano are waiting final approval of their
permit application.
Among other things, they're required to provide a drawing of the sidewalk layout and table
dimensions.
Photos of the proposed furniture as well as a plan for cleaning and maintaining the
area.
Quiz nodes in Japanese village steakhouse did not apply for a permit.
There are currently 15 legal sidewalk cafes on Las
Ovas.
The most significant thing to me in this story, the city had received an anonymous
letter saying, anonymous letter.
Somebody look into create problems, man.
That's the worst anonymous letter.
Only a Roger's put up a certain addition is back here at an anonymous letter
from some lunatics and crazy person looking to start at Simmons,
looking to interfere with these people's lives and their business.
You know what?
Not acceptable.
Am I right?
Right.
Because people who write anonymous letters should, I mean, if you're not going to even be
to sign your name, they should just make it, right?
It's like what the facts as we get from anonymous A. holes.
Who are two still believing to make up a name?
At least I knew how to make up a name.
The biggest name of the jackjackets.
It is a logic.
An anonymous who fights?
The sixth E.M.
The fourth leader.
Spread them and say cheese.
The sun's being here sucks.
This work sucks.
We're swearing while we work.
Openity is making me enjoy my new workplace.
So eff you and eff you.
Just say it's strong for letters long and say it to my face.
You won't open the room.
We all will just assume when something hits the pan that you don't give a damn
that color for the tool.
What the hell is this crap?
Ah crap.
Don't much, Millie.
I still don't know what that last thing is.
But nevertheless, what is it?
What is it?
The end of that bit.
I don't know what it is.
It's spontaneous.
It's a surprise.
1080, then, in port with 1100, looked easy.
Oh, I'm speaking to the dead people from the Godfather.
We missed this.
The entire audience missed this last year, unless my memory is going bad.
February 19th, 2006.
Richard Bright, a character was a mainstay in all three Godfather movies
is dying after being hit by a bus.
Police in New York City said the 68-year-old actor was killed as he crossed a street in his Manhattan neighborhood.
Police say Bright was sitting dragged by.
Can I say neighborhood or do I have to say hood?
Whatever.
Take a pic.
Mix it up.
Police say yo, yo, yo.
Police say Bright was sitting dragged by the rear wheel of a tour bus which continued to the port authority bus terminal.
Driver to a police.
He didn't know he had hit anybody.
Bright was taken to a hospital.
He was pronounced dead.
You know who he was?
Richard Bright?
No.
Al Nere.
Oh, I see.
We don't sound very impressed.
Wow.
Cool.
How's that?
The actor played mom and forester Al Nere in the Godfather movies.
A bodyguard to the Corleone family pay tracks portrayed by Marlon Brando and Al Pacino.
Bright, born in 1937 in Brooklyn, has about 80 TV movie critics including playing a con artist in 1970.
He's the twos of the giveaway starting at Starring El Emigra.
Whatever happened on Emigra, she did.
I don't think so.
She's right.
I don't know.
I mean, no.
She was okay.
He also starred many great films including Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in America, looking for Mr. Goodvar and Marathon Man.
He was in Once Upon a Time in America.
Nere?
All right.
He was in Marathon Man.
His numerous TV appearances included Hill Street, Blues Third, Watched as the Prano's, and most recently Lawn Older, Special Victims Unit.
He also said it was the work that was the reward said, Brett Smiley, Friend and Fetal actor.
Well, Nere is dead.
Commenza dead.
The Godfather, the Don is dead.
Tom Hagen, he's still alive, Robert Duval. He's great.
He is.
I still say one of the unsung heroes of the history.
He's a, I mean, not that he isn't got a lot of kudos, but he's better than people realize. That's how good he is.
I can't teeny network.
I can say network was Josh Cortes' eighth round today.
He's around.
He's not working here today. Well, he's around.
Find a wheel.
Ten by the end of the pool. We got 1100, look this half hour, I believe.
Barack Obama 208, Dennis Kassin, 189, Voguez, swillery 168.
Now you got to admit, I'll look up and see the last time we did this, okay?
Okay.
And we'll see the comparison.
Although I don't think we ever did it where we included all, you know, mixed the Republicans and Democrats together, did we?
I don't think we have to. Well, whatever.
I mean, that's the only way to do it.
Ron Paul 112, John Edwards 85, Rudy Giuliani 75, none of the above 72.
Joe Biden 58, Bill Richardson 40.
How about Franklin Roosevelt? Let's bring him back again. Come on.
Fifth term.
Michael L19, Fred Thompson 18, mid-Romney 13, John McCain a dozen.
Mike Huckabee 11, and poor Chris Dodd, sold him at a D.A.S.
Sultanto D.H.E. only ten.
God.
What's the matter with these people? What's wrong with Chris Dodd?
An anti-Semitic or something or what? Not that he's Jewish, but he's got that New England thing, you know?
I've ever seen a New England thing.
Nope. I have.
I'm sure.
I've seen a whole bunch of New England thing all back in the day.
But that's a long time ago.
That's back in the day when I cared about such things.
And I do mean things.
I just, you know, maybe it's my age, maybe it's just my station in life.
Maybe it's this station. I don't know what it is, but I'm just, you know,
now that I don't know when I see it, like Warren Berger would say.
Or Hamilton Berger.
And where Hamilton Berger, he's still dead.
Yep.
Anybody else from the Godfather? What's your name?
How do you share a sea-still-laul?
Oh, he's still doing TV spots.
He is.
Oh, there's a new TV spot with Peter Frampton for Geico, have you seen that one?
Nope.
Where he's playing the Wawa thing and Wawa the guitar.
I think I might have seen it.
I can have a look.
It's not really that good. It's not memorable like the other ones.
The Peter Graves one was okay, but the best one was a little richer.
Of course, what you got, I never got that.
Never got it.
Never did? I thought we'd fight it up to you.
No, you did not.
You're a boulder.
How you got to do a save, right?
Hey, you hit me that crap.
What is that?
Oh, Peter Frampton.
Help me!
I'm not a soundman.
Yeah.
Yeah, you hit me that.
Nice for tightest, gravest and tough, man.
Oh, right.
Yeah, it isn't tough for Thanksgiving too, baby.
You know how long this song is?
Seven and twenty-two.
No higher.
Ten, fourteen.
Higher.
13, fifteen.
Close. 13, forty-five.
No!
Yeah, let's play it.
Two or three times.
Let me talk about one to take a dump to.
Wow.
Where was this one I was going to be then?
I know it's kind of like...
Not our format.
I'd say that I like Peter Frampton.
What? The front.
I like Peter Frampton.
It's not polite.
It's a little kind of like, yay.
You're saying, why?
I know.
This wanted to be a master of my hair.
The Clinton campaigns of rough cancellation of scheduled appearances in Bakersfield, California,
is leaving members of the Sikh community that's made into demanding an explanation.
Now do you say Sikh or Sikh?
Maybe the Clintons are playing hide-and-sick.
Traditional food, elaborate costumes and ritual sword fighting were on display as
thousands of Sikhs celebrate their religious festival yesterday,
but the expected guest of honor, Senator Swallow, he was a no-show.
Mrs. Clinton also scuttled a fundraising breakfast at nearby fairgrounds,
where Sikh leaders had hoped to raise a million dollars for a presidential campaign.
Well, Hover and Dread, how do you like that?
Some organizers said it's security reasons for the candidate's sudden withdrawal,
and Adam, they seek newspapers, said the fundraiser, which also was to have featured
President Clinton as a guest, had been postponed to the advice of the Secret Service.
Uh-huh.
Others involved said some of those planning the fundraiser failed either the campaign's
vetting process or a Secret Service review.
Sounds to me, like maybe she ought to get together with the Meefow.
Maybe Swallow is a...
Clinton killer?
Different kind of engine, but nevertheless.
Whatever prompt, maybe they just didn't want that courier, Roma, you know,
just wafting through their brain.
Whatever prompted to lay change many of those who attended yesterday's festival and parade were upset.
I'm describing the risks of a backlash against Mrs. Clinton as her campaign taintains its standards
in an effort to avoid another fundraising scandal.
We don't know what the reason is, a truck and company owner who helped arrange a celebration.
Tedg Paul Singh, a bigger field, said they just tell us last night everybody's shocked,
they want to see her, they want to see the bitch.
Mr. Singh said he was informed about a week or two ago that Mrs. Clinton planned to spend about 30 minutes at the festival.
But third, man!
Which marks the birthday of one of the founders of the Sikh religion, Guru Nanak Dejvi.
Dejvi? Well, whatever.
I don't know, some guy.
Some Guru.
Like Howard Biel said, go to your Guru!
Go to God!
Go to God!
Go to hell!
Mrs. Clinton's campaign offered no public explanation for the change of plans.
The way spokesmen seemed to confirm she had been expected to visit with the Sikhs in Bakersville yesterday.
Unfortunately, we had to postpone our trip to Bakersville and look forward to returning soon to spokesmen Blake Zeff said
in a statement emailed in the New York Sun.
Senator Clinton's very proud of his support of the Sikh community.
Okay, you've got to be Sikh.
One of the planners of the fund, raising Bob Verk, sounded bitter about the campaign's decision.
I'll take a million dollars from our Sikh people and give it to people who are going to work with us.
Not somebody who says they're going to work with you and deserts you with the end.
Mr. Verk told the Sun about a half a million dollars right so far with the breakfast.
They'll have to be refunded the end.
Mr. Verk said he had no direct answer from the Clinton campaign about the reasons he wasn't attending.
He said he didn't believe the visit was put off for security reasons.
Some Sikh planners said they were told we're a minority group.
We were turbines.
Maybe they were in their turbines too tight like the cab drivers in Toronto.
They don't want to see Hillary Clinton with people wearing turbines and stuff.
He said I don't think it was the right to commit yourself to come to this program and then not show up.
How do you like that?
They don't like the turbines too tight.
Maybe they don't like the roaches that are crawling around underneath those turbines, you think?
I don't know about all that head gear and stuff.
I just wonder if those people really think they take the turbine off the night and wash their hands.
They're here and stuff or whatever.
I remember Captain Singh.
I asked him about that.
What do you say?
The change of turbine every day.
You don't go to sleep in it.
You take it off, you wash your hair, you put a clean one on the next day.
They got a whole bunch of them.
Are you sure?
Not the cab drivers.
I can see the schmutz right on there man.
I can smell it.
Either that sets the career.
I don't know.
I've certainly known some young Indian guys who are very sanitary and very delightful.
Very clean.
And I also knew some who were like, ooh, see ya.
Like a woodbine.
I'm going to say, oh, I don't think I mentioned this on here.
This is embarrassing.
But I had to admit because I'm an old fart now.
And I did, I couldn't roll fart.
I don't know, several days ago.
I can't keep track anymore because I go so often now.
Because I've been winning.
You know, plus it kills me a good time.
It's fun.
I like it.
People will want to knock me for playing the Islam machines.
Too bad, screw you, okay.
It's fun for me for an old fart.
So anyway, I'm in the $5 room.
And as a lady, she's playing the machine next to me and I'm going to try.
And just before I sat down, I cut some bad cheese.
I mean, I think it's a limber.
Really?
No, I was still a few feet behind her.
And I'm thinking that if I walk fast enough, it'll kind of like dissipate, you know.
And I won't bring it with me.
Unfortunately, I brought it with me.
You know, I guess it stays in your pants, you know.
It does.
It stays in your pantyly and I sat down and I could just see this
tiniest tear forming up in the corner for I.
And I wanted to say, well, I'm so sorry.
What are you going to say?
That was me.
I'm sorry.
You know, nothing.
You say nothing.
You look around like, do you smell that?
That's more like, thank you.
You look at her and say, oh my God, you need to go to the toilet or what?
Is that you or me?
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
It's working with you, my lady.
It's working with you, my lady.
I am a police force leader.
Holy mackenon, this is Joe Boe on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Oh, this is Albert Kite from Tony Van Records, inviting you American infidel to buy
latest Kat Stevens collection.
You know my home, it is right.
Take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage.
Make loads into those things.
I was so including this classic.
I was on an airplane.
And suddenly with D-tane.
Their match is I convert.
And where it's out of my head.
I'm in followed by an F-16.
What do they want with them?
The money from your purchase does not go to fund terrorism, really.
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin.
And a rag.
If you want a detainee.
I don't have a variation on the classic.
I ask myself every day.
Which American should pay?
Tell me, Lord, you're promised.
Lay me down.
Let me show you everyone.
I'm coming to the neck of a woman.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So buy Newcastlevens collection today from 1995.
All you can play with Lisa, Mastercard or Weapons of Mastery Truffles.
Oh, I don't know what it is about.
Now, why are there little voices over there?
Big nose is those.
Goofy hats, titles, meckles.
I don't know. They just rub me the wrong way.
Anti-Semitism lives in every speech of love.
We give sits in the news.
Oh boy, Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch her like the menorah.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
When she speaks, I want a cry.
She could use a good rap by its end of news.
Oh boy, Hillary hates Jews.
Look at pretty forth.
I think she's going to be getting too many sick votes.
126 votes on our poll.
I think we did pretty stellar today, don't you?
For the Monday before Thanksgiving?
See how I always make these scramers excuses.
So we don't do all that great.
When you ask the Monday before Thanksgiving.
If we do do, then you say, wow.
What an accomplishment, even though it's no big deal.
Anyway, Brandon informs me that Frankie Pintangely is dead.
Luca Brasi is dead.
Freito as we said is dead.
Willie Chi Chi is dead.
Willie Chi Chi.
He just thought that's long ago.
We talked about that.
Did we?
Right here, we have a lot of buses.
Yeah.
And...
I can say, and the Bible Holy only did this.
And the Bible Holy only did that.
So I said, yeah, it's true.
And you'll be pleased to know that Epilonia is still alive and well,
even though she knows Suffolbe beautiful.
So there's to be a whole bunch of naked pictures of her the other day.
Really?
But old ones, I'm sure.
Yes.
Because I'm sure that's a lot of the best.
I love my Suffolbe breast from the Godfather.
The first one, Aaron, is kind of sagging at this point.
But Rocco Soloso, Soloso, Matluski,
Madzini, Jack Walther, all dead.
Congratulations.
You've been so left.
Oops.
What was that?
Online ad.
Online ad.
But where I pop up from the computer.
I had the pot on.
The same computer that I played the music from is also, you know,
I'm browsing with it over here.
I'll be damned.
But let me tell you something, my crud, Mick Friend.
I don't have the longer one in that.
What's the other one called?
I think we do.
We had the month.
Huh?
I'm pretty sure we do.
Oh, here it is.
I don't care how many day go, Jenny, what,
grease ball, good vibes come out of the woodware.
He was good.
Jack Walther.
Who the hell are you?
Now get the hell out of here.
That's always a nice thing to say, I feel you invite somebody.
Yeah.
Johnny Fountaine never gets that part.
Well, then that must be what that's under.
Johnny Fountaine.
Because I know we got a long, long thing.
Well, maybe Johnny Fountaine did.
There it is.
Johnny Fountaine will never get that movie.
I don't care how many day go, Jenny, what grease ball,
good vibes come out of the woodware.
I'm German Irish.
Well, let me tell you something, my crud, Mick Friend.
I'm going to make so much to you, you all know what it is.
I know almost every big lawyer in New York, who the hell are you?
Paul Krogben writes, Republicans in race.
Over the past few weeks have been a number of commentaries about Ronald Reagan's legacy
specifically about whether he exploited the white backlash against the civil rights movement.
The controversy, unfortunately, obfuscates the larger point which should be undeniable,
the central role of this backlash in the rise of the modern conservative movement.
The centrality of race, and in particular of these switch of southern whites,
from overwhelming supported Democrats to the overwhelming supported Republicans,
is obvious from voting data.
For example, everybody knows that white men have turned away from the Democrats
over God, guns, national security, and so on.
A lot of everyone knows isn't true once you exclude the stuff in the picture.
As the political scientist Larry Bartel's points out,
in the 52 presidential election, 40% of non-Southern white men voted Democratic,
and 2004 that figure was virtually unchanged at 39%.
More than 40 years of pass since the voting rights act,
which Reagan described in the 80s as humiliating the South.
A little died seven upcandered.
Yet southern white voting behavior remains distinctive.
Democrats decided to sitently win the popular vote last year's House elections,
but southern whites voted Republican by almost two to one.
The GOP's own leaders admit that the great southern white shift was to resolve a deliberate political strategy.
Some Republicans gave up on winning the African-American vote,
looking the other way or trying to benefit politically from racial polarization,
so that it could can meldman former chairman of the Republican National Committee,
speaking in 2005.
And Ronald Reagan was among the song who tried to benefit from racial polarization.
True, he never used explicit racial rhetoric needed in Richard Nixon.
As Thomas and Mary Essel put it in their classic 91-vote chain reaction,
the impact of race, rights, and taxes on American politics,
Reagan paralleled Nixon's success in constructing a politics,
and a strategy of governing that attack policies targeted toward blacks and other minorities
without reference to race, a conservative politics that had the effect of polarizing
and lecturing along racial lines.
Thus Reagan repeatedly told the bogus story of the cat-like driving welfare queen,
a gross exaggeration of a minor case of welfare or fraud,
he never mentioned the woman's race but he didn't have to.
There are many other examples of Reagan's tacit race fading in the historical record,
like colleague Bob Herbert described some of these in a recent column.
Here's one he didn't mention during the 1976 campaign Reagan often talked about her.
And how if so workers must be, this enabled body man using food stamps at the grocery store.
In the South, but not in the North, the food stamp user became a strapping young buck
buying teabone steaks.
Now about the Philadelphia history in December 79, the Republican National Committeeman from Mississippi,
wrote a letter urging that the parties nominee speak of the Inshobuk County Fair
just outside the town where three civil rights workers had been murdered in 64,
it would he wrote help when over George Wallace and Klein voters.
Sure enough Reagan appeared in declared a support for states rights,
which everyone took to be a coded declaration of support for segregationist sentiments.
Reagan's defenders protest furiously that he wasn't personally bigoted,
so what we're talking about is political strategy as personal beliefs are irrelevant.
Why does this history matter now?
Because it tells why the vision of a permanent conservative majority,
so why they accepted a few years ago as wrong.
The point is that we become more diverse and less racist country over time,
the Makaka incident with Senator George Allen's use of racial and self-leduist election defeat,
epitomized the way in which America's changed for the better.
And because conservative ascendancy is dependent so crucially on the racial backlash,
a close look at the voting data shows that religion and values issues have been far less important,
I believe that the declining power of that backlash changes everything.
Can anti-immigrant rhetoric replace old-fashioned racial politics?
No, because it mobilizes the same shrinking pool of whites and alienates the growing number of Latino voters.
Now maybe I'm wrong about all of this, but we should be able to discuss the world of racism,
American politics, honestly, we shouldn't have heard our gaze
because we're unwilling to turnish Ronald Reagan's freaking image.
What the biggest name?
Or is that a freaking line of race?
It's Neil Rogers, 4.560 QAM.
Me.
4th leader.
I just Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
You watch him every night, that CNN.
Welcome everybody to Larry King Live.
That's right, he's Larry King.
And now America's most famous cable news host with a pacemaker has cut a new CD entitled,
Larry King sings Bob Marley.
We're jammin'.
I want to jam it with you.
Tulsa Oklahoma.
Hello.
You'll take this legendary newsman's interpretations of an even more legendary songwriter.
Chick-a-pull, Chick-a-pull.
He shot the sheriff.
That's why he'll be my guest right after these words from Garley.
It's Manifink.
Larry King sings Bob Marley, only as Larry King can.
One love.
One heart.
Let's forget the fact that I've had 15 bypass operations.
Get Larry King sings Bob Marley today to order your copies in $3 million to cover the cost of his child support payments to Larry King Live, care of CNN.
No woman, no cry.
The alimony checks him a sale and he stopped your grip.
No woman, no cry.
Hey guys.
Clarkiest man on the face of the earth.
There he is.
14 to two at five, 60 to two at five.
Mad Dog coming up at two o'clock.
The Humper is with us this week.
We're going to be counting down those days in December.
It's going to be a sad time.
Although that nationwide search is on, we replace the Humper.
What's that guy from Dan Sillio?
Yeah, that sounds silly to me.
Another dumb ex-jock.
Oh my god.
That's the last thing we need.
How about a broadcaster?
How about a somebody that like to belong on a radio?
How about a Joe and how about getting a chicken egg paid for Christ's sake?
Jesus.
God.
Wait till you're this way from Waterloo, Iowa.
Remember KXEL and Waterloo, Iowa?
Yes.
No.
You know, big $50,000.
I think $10,000, $10,000, $40,000, KXEL, Waterloo, Iowa.
I mean nobody cares about Waterloo, Iowa.
Why would they have had a $50,000 watch the channel, the Clear Channel station?
I don't get it.
See, back in the day, Clear Channel met something else that it does now.
Now it means, oooh.
A rogue cell phone has been calling 9-11 operators in eastern Iowa over and over again, even though nobody seems to be on the other line.
Operators at the Black Hawk County Consulate and Communications Center, they said they received about 400 calls from the same disconnected cell phone over the past two days.
Each time it's the same.
The phone rings, operators pick it up and nobody is there.
Officials can't locate the phone, but have figured out that it's an old line that isn't currently associated with the cell service cell phone service plan.
Such phones, once charged, up, can still place 9-11 calls under FCC rule set in 1994.
The cell phone can't receive calls, an emergency worker's 7-11 track the one through service records data.
It's a phantom phone, baby. It's called 9-11-like crazy.
Probably some goofball in it doesn't matter if he's actual service, but he realizes he can make the emergency calls.
So he just keeps it all banging it. You think?
I imagine.
Reminds me of a Halloween party, one through a hundred. Well, we already just went through Halloween.
Now, was she an all of them, Jamie Lear, just to some...
Some? I mean, she wasn't in all of them. Nobody was in all of them.
How do you know that?
She died in the second one, so...
She died in the second one? Oh, she didn't.
I'm pretty sure.
You're crazy. She was in one with her. What's his name there? The hotshot from Pearl Harbor.
Well, whatever the case. I'm thinking of...
That's Horton, it's probably the 13th. No, she wasn't in all of them.
But she sure as all didn't die in the second one, what are you talking about?
Friday the 13th, you have the chick from the first one died in the second one. That's what I was thinking.
Not her though, not her.
Not her, you know.
Now, not quite as much as Jamie Lear, but then again, who is?
Who is? And who is Mike Myers? Is it Mike...
Austin Powers, Mike Myers? Or is it Michael Myers from Halloween, huh?
Mike Myers from Canada, eh?
Whatever happened to him, is he making any more of those stupid flicks or what?
I mean, even when I'm sure eventually.
US Power Company linked to Bush's name to databases of top polluter.
What a shock, not. What a surprise, not.
An American Power Company with close financial links to President Bush has been named as one of the world's top producers of global warming pollution.
The first ever worldwide databases such pollution also reveals the rapid growth in global warming emissions by power plants in China.
South Africa and India.
Power plants already produced 40% of US greenhouse gas and 25% of the world.
Maybe that's what it was when I was at Woodbine that day. Maybe I had some greenhouse gas.
It was nasty, I'll say that.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Berser.
But it's the enormous carbon footprint of Southern company among the largest financiers of Republican Party politicians, which has raised eyebrows.
Southern's employees handed George Bush over 217 grain to help get him elected.
And they and the company have contributed an extraordinary $6.2 million to Republican campaign since 90.
A single Southern company planned in Julia, Georgia already emits more carbon dioxide and really than results in entire power sector.
The company is in the top two in America's dirtiest utility polluters and the sixth worst in the world.
And it goes on.
Who cares about Satsang? The algorithm just made it up.
And then at Jackass, that idiot there on CNN.
And also the guy from the Weather Channel, the CEO of the Weather Channel, the founder of it.
Oh, there's no such thing as global warming. It's just all politics. Right. It's politics.
Just as Chris Matthews said to his politics.
He's one of those people you just look at the screen and you ask yourself the musical question, how can this man be on the air?
Like Katie Corrick doing the news on CBS.
Don't these people own the TV set? All these rich executives? Aren't they watching this? Can't they see that this doesn't?
It's like it's like us.
I was gonna say. Are we like tone deaf? Don't we hear people who can't speak where I live?
No, no, no. Duff to everything except gottalk.
Except what?
Gap, you know, games other people play.
My favorite thing, golf talk. Golf. Yeah. Gottalk.
Let's have a bridge show. What do you say? That's a game people play.
Sure.
Bridge. I still to me that's every time I wonder about the people that watch you play slots at anywhere there are slot machines.
That always just puzzles me. I mean, what's the excitement? What's the thrill of watching other people play?
And then I think of the fact that there are people watching other people play cards.
Sure. People watch television.
People play chess.
Oh, watch people play games. Period.
God.
Whoa. Give me a breath.
1197, you know we're gonna make 1200. We weren't even talking about it.
It kind of like sneak up upon us there. Chris, how do you like that?
You seem to have.
I'm not too confused about it. You seem to have.
I don't know why because we're not working Thursday and that means no free food on Thursday.
Oh, yeah, that's why we don't we don't have a.
I think I got the one for the following week, right?
We're at 1200 right now.
We're at 1200. How do you like that? We weren't even asking it for 1200.
And the audience came through big time. If they knew the same of those diaries, man.
1201, not to seven.
Of the people running for president, which is your choice.
Barack Obama, he's been leading right from the Gipco. 214.
Too bad he wants to be such a nice guy.
He nice guys don't make it, Barack. He just, you know, he's great, but he's good.
But a little on the wimpy side.
I kick her ass, the bitch.
Dennis Gassinich 197, Ron Paul 178, swallery 177.
John Edwards 92, Rudy Giuliani 79, none of the above is doing well 77.
Joe Biden 59, Bill Richardson 40, Fred Thompson 22, no chance.
Mike Ruehl 19, less than a chance.
That round the only 13 in this crowd.
John McCain 12, Mike Huckabee 11, and Christod finally pulled up his bootstraps.
He pulled up those suspenders just like Vittelli and the Godfather.
And he got even with Huckabee with 11 and like still last place, but at least tied, you know.
And I have a feeling it's kind of like the feeling that Joel Fiber is going to have on Wednesday when the numbers come out.
10 o'clock Wednesday morning and he goes and beats up his girlfriend again.
Maybe he's got a new girlfriend now.
He's gonna be a little Roger.
Or you're 40 to 5.
60 QAM.
Me.
Fourth.
Later.
It's day.
The coach will go to Miami Town.
That's the moon at 5.6.
So, WQA.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambl 4 and 5.
How are you?
John, Rambl is still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life ain't going great plan to Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's what I have.
My penis ended never ever grew.
Rambl 2 was an 85 late.
Rambl 3 was an 88.
Sure.
And so it's like I did not make this movie with my son.
He never said she was in Rocky 5 in daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little bit cashing what I mean.
I got to get a load from the power of creed.
I got to have another heavy movie.
Or a Broadway show like that again.
I guess nobody ever saw Kotlin.
It was too good.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavor.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambl 4 and 5.
Take it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script.
I can do dialogue or keep it zip.
I like comedy, action, adventure and drama.
The only thing I will undo is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be on Oprah and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showin' Paul Gypsy.
Basically I'm an unemployed Gypsy.
A little bit of cashing what I mean.
I got to get a load from the power of creed.
I got to have another heavy movie.
Or a Broadway show like that again.
I guess nobody ever saw Kotlin.
And it was stupid so I understand.
My whole life is about to come in.
All I got left is Jennifer Flavor.
That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambl 4 and 5.
I'm absolutely...
Bye bye bye!
